speaker_heading: "THE BUNKER"
dialog: by
dialog: Clive Dawson
dialog: Final purchase draft - June 2000
dialog: © Millennium Pictures PLC
dialog: Pinewood Studios
dialog: Iver Heath
dialog: Bucks
speaker_heading: SLO ONH
speaker_heading: Tel: 01753 651700
dialog: It's merely the span of a single lifetime
dialog: since hell was last visited upon the earth
speaker_heading: “THE BUNKER”
speaker_heading: PROLOGUE:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM - JUNE 1944
text: An unfinished section of tunnel carved through bare earth,
text: braced with pit-props and shored with timber. Rubble and
text: wood and construction equipment are scattered around.
text: Dim work-lights are strung along the roof, but barely
text: illuminate the scene. An emergency generator CLATTERS away
dialog: somewhere in the b.g.
text: At the junction of a dark side-tunnel, two Organisation Todt
text: guards -- a SERGEANT and a CORPORAL -- are working furiously.
text: HAMMERING huge lengths of timber across the mouth of the side-
text: tunnel, gradually sealing it off.
text: Their noses and mouths are masked against the dust by grimy
text: cotton scarves, but their unease is plain to see.
text: As they continue working, an 0.T. PRIVATE emerges from the
text: gloom of the main tunnel, jogging towards them. He slows to
text: a halt as he joins his two comrades, and begins to quickly
dialog: fill them in.
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: That’s the last of them. Everybody
text: else is out.
text: The Sergeant glances around at the Private, but doesn’t stop
dialog: working.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Put a face mask on, you idiot!
text: But the young Private seems impatient and cavalier. He
text: ignores the comment and simply wipes the sweat from his neck
text: gesturing curiously at the side-tunnel:
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: Look, when do we find out the big
dialog: secret? What's the panic? What're
dialog: we supposed to be afraid of?
text: The other two exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Never you mind! Just give us a
dialog: hand to finish up. Quick!
text: The Private joins in reluctantly, and they hoist another
text: thick plank into place, holding it in position while the
text: Corporal HAMMERS a nail through one end.
dialog: 2.
text: A CREAK -- and dust begins to spill from the roof. The
text: Corporal carries on regardless, NAILING the other end.
text: But the Private is still inquisitive.
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: Nobody out there’s got a clue
dialog: what’s going on. wWhy’re we doing
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Because we've been ordered to!
dialog: Isn't that enough for you?
text: Another plank is lifted into place, and the barricade is
dialog: nearing completion...
text: then the distant CLATTER of the generator falters.
text: The lights dim -- then brighten again as the generator
text: returns to its previous steady rhythm.
text: The two NCO's FREEZE -- holding their breath -- looking at
text: each other with speechless expectation.
text: The generator SPLUTTERS again -- terminally, this time.
text: They let go of the plank, and it CRASHES to the floor.
text: Scrabbling for their torches, starting to panic. The Private
text: watching bemused as the other two CURSE under their breath.
text: The Generator NOISE is now on a rapid downward curve, slowing
text: and dying. The lights are going with it...
text: ... and a solid, shocking blackness drops on them with sudden
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
text: Their torches are on but the beams are feeble, struggling to
text: penetrate the darkness. The Sergeant can't help himself:
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, Christ!
text: His voice ECHOES away into the darkness.
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
text: The generator’s just out of petrol.
dialog: What's so --
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Shhh!
dialog: A pause
text: ... then, from the side-tunnel, comes a new noise: A faint
text: SCUFFLING sound.
dialog: 3.
text: They automatically shine their torches at the barricade
text: their fear tangible now -- affecting even the young Private,
text: whose cocky expression of disdain is rapidly dropping from
text: his face. The Sergeant’s voice is tight:
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: It's happening! Just like they
dialog: said!
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: What is it? Is someone in there?
text: But the other two are already backing away along the tunnel
text: in horrified disbelief.
text: The Private begins to follow after them, his nervousness
text: growing by the second... the SCUFFLING getting LOUDER...
speaker_heading: PRIVATE (cont’d)
dialog: For God's sake, what is it? What's
dialog: in there?
text: But the other two turn and RUN.
text: LOUDER STILL...!
text: And as his composure finally crumbles and he RUNS after them,
text: the Private looks BACK over his shoulder one last time -- his
text: face now betraying an expression of sheer terror...
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: FRONT TITLES
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - GERMAN BORDER, DECEMBER 1944 - DAY
text: Densely packed pine trees in all directions. Snowflakes
text: flutter down silently from a steel-grey sky.
text: A German Army supply lorry crawls along a dirt road which
text: winds through the forest, engine racing and wheels spinning
text: as it slithers through the river of mud churned up by a
text: hundred tanks and vehicles long gone.
text: Accompanying it are a score of infantry, breath pluming in
text: the frosty air. Some trudge alongside the lorry, offering a
text: shoulder occasionally to straighten it as it fishtails
text: through the slush. The remainder follow twenty yards behind.
text: Each is sagging under the weight of helmet, equipment and
text: sodden greatcoat.
text: Their uniforms mark them as regular army -- but their coats
text: carry the black and silver cuff-bands of an ‘elite’ division.
dialog: 4.
text: ENGELS, heading up the group of stragglers, reaches into his
text: bread-bag and pulls out a half-eaten bar of chocolate. He
text: pops a piece into his mouth, and chomps it wearily.
text: Following in his wake are EBERT, SCHENKE, KREUZMANN, BAUMANN,
scene_heading: HEYDRICH, unit medic FRANKE, and C.0., LT. KRUPP. We’1ll get
text: to know each of them soon enough. Two or three others make
dialog: up the numbers -- but our group of eight are the main players
dialog: for now.
speaker_heading: ENGELS
dialog: They’11 be heading on to Brussels
dialog: without us, at this rate.
text: Ebert, moving with a lithe, cat-like alertness despite his
text: tiredness, throws Engels an idle sideways glance.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: What’s your hurry?
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: (a snort, butting in)
dialog: Well, it’s not to win any medals
dialog: that’s for sure.
text: Engels ignores Schenke’s comment, and responds to Ebert’s
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: ENGELS
dialog: What’s the hurry? Have a guess.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: (bored)
dialog: The women.
speaker_heading: ENGELS
dialog: God, no! They’re like French women
text: - coarse hair and wide-pored skin.
dialog: Next guess.
text: Heydrich -- older than the rest, a veteran -- chips in.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Surely not the booze?
speaker_heading: ENGELS
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: Nah! Cat’s piss, all of it.
dialog: (to them all)
dialog: Any more?
text: Engels looks around -- but nobody else is interested except
text: Kreuzmann, who is looking to him eagerly for the answer
text: Engels glances around once more, then sighs in defeat.
speaker_heading: ENGELS (cont’d)
dialog: Only two good things ever came out
dialog: of Belgium: one’s the road to
dialog: Germany, and the other...
text: Engels snaps off a chunk of chocolate, and tosses it back to
text: Kreuzmann with a wink and a warm smile. Kreuzmann quickly
text: tears off the remaining wrapper with nervy fingers.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: Chocolate!
text: Engels cocks his head appreciatively.
speaker_heading: ENGELS
dialog: Got it. You can say what you like,
dialog: but they make damned good --
text: A bullet SMACKS into Engels’ throat, blowing a chunk out of
text: his neck as it exits. The distant RIFLE SHOT follows a
dialog: second behind.
text: Almost simultaneously, a demolition charge EXPLODES under the
text: lorry ahead, taking the legs off the accompanying troops.
text: The front end of the vehicle HEAVES into the air and CRASHES
text: back down in a smoking ruin.
text: The group SCATTER as a hail of SNIPER FIRE rains down:
text: Heydrich catches a bullet in the leg, and he and Ebert head
text: forward and left off the road; Baumann takes a gully several
text: yard back, also to the left; Schenke, Kreuzmann, Krupp and
text: Franke dive right. The rest take cover as best they can.
text: Engels, paralysed, drops to his knees in the mud. Hands at
text: his throat stemming the stream of blood. Jaw working to
text: speak, but only producing GURGLES. He’s HIT again, in the
text: shoulder, but still remains upright.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: (a scream)
dialog: Get him out of there!
text: But all attention is focussed forward as the rest of the unit
text: swing into action in unison, settling behind cover to return
text: FIRE with well-practised precision. With bullets SPITTING
text: down all around, it’s all they can do to stay put.
text: . while their legless, dying comrades SCREAM in the b.g.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH & EBERT
text: snuggle into cover across the road, Heydrich dragging his
text: injured leg painfully.
text: Shock and confusion showing on their pale faces.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: How bad’s the leg?
text: Heydrich simply shakes his head, more concerned about Engels,
text: who’s still propped up on his knees in the kill-zone.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: We need to give Engels some
dialog: covering fire - see if someone can
dialog: get to him.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Angle’s wrong from here. Sniper-
text: fire’s coming from up left
dialog: somewhere.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: What about retreating to that gully
dialog: back there ...?
text: Someone BURSTS through the bushes suddenly behind them -- and
text: their guns are half turned in response before they realise
dialog: it’s Baumann.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: We’ve got to move! They’re coming
text: up from behind.
text: Ebert looks around, alert.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: I don’t see any --
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: I tell you they’re coming. It’s a
dialog: trap!
text: Heydrich and Ebert cast a concerned glance over at their
text: stricken comrade -- then Ebert makes a hasty decision.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Alright. Let’s find cover forward.
text: They jump to it and move forward through the trees, rifles
text: pointed in readiness, Heydrich limping along as best he can.
text: But they’ve barely gone ten yards before a MACHINE GUN open
text: up from somewhere front right, bullets CHOPPING into the tree
text: trunks all around them -- forcing them back
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: Shit! !
text: Baumann and Ebert run for cover -- but Heydrich trips...
text: As bullets KICK into the snow around him, Heydrich SHOUTS for
text: help involuntarily...
speaker_heading: ENGELS
text: Slumped in the kill-zone, Engels is on automatic pilot.
text: Despite his appalling injuries his free hand struggles to
text: open the flap on his holster, to get to his P.38.
text: He just manages it when two more bullets CHOP into him,
text: smashing into arm and abdomen.
text: He slumps back on his haunches with a gurgled MOAN -- but,
text: miraculously, still stays upright.
scene_heading: KREUZMANN, SCHENKE, KRUPP AND FRANKE
text: huddle deeper behind cover as a sustained FUSILLADE of shots
text: rains down upon them suddenly.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Christ!!
text: Kreuzmann is making no attempt to return fire, simply staring
text: impotently at Engels, who has somehow summoned the strength
text: to shuffle around towards them, vainly trying to inch his way
dialog: to cover.
text: Franke, meanwhile -- his helmet bearing the red cross of a
text: field medic -- averts his eyes so as not to look upon the man
dialog: he cannot help.
text: Lieutenant Krupp is looking around for options.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: We’re dead if we stay here!
dialog: (a shout)
dialog: Heydrich! Baumann!?
dialog: No reply.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Where are they?
text: The sniper fire abates momentarily. But then something
text: small, ovoid and black sails gracefully out of the trees
text: towards them, SPLASHING heavily into the mud beside Engels.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: (a shout)
dialog: Grenade! !
text: Schenke, Krupp and Franke hit the dirt -- but Kreuzmann is
text: frozen in horror, his eyes locked with those of Engels.
text: The grenade EXPLODES with a sharp, shattering blast, taking
text: Engels with it.
text: And Kreuzmann is caught in the shockwave...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - ELSEWHERE - DUSK
dialog: Silence.
text: A forest clearing. It’s later. Darker. Dusk is falling
text: with the snow. A few brief moments of perfect stillness in
text: the picture-postcard scene, far away from the action.
text: Not even the distant thud of gunfire any longer.
text: Then Ebert, Heydrich and Baumann stumble through the trees.
text: Ebert scans the forest ahead with exhausted eyes, his rifle
text: held ready at his side -- his free arm supporting the
text: accident-prone Heydrich. Heydrich’s leg, by now, is soaked
text: with crusted blood. His face is creased with pain, but still
text: he keeps watch left and right, pistol in hand.
text: Baumann brings up the rear. He’s edgy, scanning the trees
text: behind them with rifle aimed.
text: A few more steps, and Ebert pauses to catch his breath. He
text: whispers, just loud enough for Baumann to hear.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Wait a minute.
text: Baumann crouches and waits, still covering the rear.
text: Untangling himself from Heydrich, Ebert creeps forward and
text: takes up position beside a tree several yards away, studying
text: the forest ahead through field-glasses.
text: After a moment, he lowers the binoculars triumphantly.
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: Bunker!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANTI-TANK BUNKER ‘FRIEDA’ - DUSK
text: CLOSE -- as the steel-shutter of a narrow observation loop-
text: hole SLIDES open suddenly. A glint of eyes in the darkness
dialog: beyond.
text: Three metres to the left, in a second loophole sunk into the
text: camouflaged concrete face of the bunker, the twin barrels of
text: a combined anti-tank cannon/machine gun swivel into action
text: taking aim.
text: There is the heavy metallic CLICK-CLACK of a gun being
text: cocked. A muffled voice SHOUTS from inside
speaker_heading: MIRUS (0.S.)
dialog: Stay where you are!
text: and Ebert’s distant voice replies from off-screen:
speaker_heading: EBERT (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t shoot! Comrade!
text: WIDER -- down a shallow snow-covered slope, on a frozen dirt-
text: road which dog-legs through rows of concrete tank-traps, the
text: three approaching soldiers stop dead in their tracks.
text: Ebert waves his rifle wearily, a dirty white handkerchief
text: tied to the barrel. He calls again, cautious:
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: We’re coming in. Alright?
text: No reply from the bunker.
text: Ebert sets off again anyway, half-dragging Heydrich up the
text: slope. Baumann follows a few paces to the rear, still
text: watching the trees behind them.
text: The barrels of the guns follow them from the bunker as they
dialog: approach.
scene_heading: SIDE AND REAR OF BUNKER
text: The huge bunker is sunk into the tree-covered hillside. The
text: three soldiers make their way up the slope and along the side
text: wall, stumbling occasionally in the snow, or on the hidden
text: ropes of the camouflage netting.
text: At the rear, a deep trench leads to the entrance: this is
text: overlooked by another loophole in the wall of the Entrance
text: Defence Room. As they struggle down the crude steps into the
text: trench, the steel shutter of this loophole GRATES open to
dialog: watch them.
text: Ebert arrives first at the heavy steel door, and kicks it.
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: Open up, dammit!
text: For a moment the three of them wait in silence and stillness
text: Ebert looking up at the lettering moulded into the concrete
text: above the door. It reads ‘FRIEDA’.
text: Sound of bolts SLAMMING back, and the door swings open.
text: Ebert stands aside to let Heydrich hobble through first
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - ENTRANCE PASSAGE - DUSK
text: Heydrich is barely inside before he is PUSHED roughly against
text: the wall, a pistol at his throat.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Hey! What the...?
dialog: And everybody FREEZES.
text: Heydrich is staring back into the face of another German
text: soldier -- a reserve Volksgrenadier. This is MIRUS, an old
text: man with crazy eyes and a crazy demeanour. An old, livid
text: wound is visible on his forehead -- and he looks ill.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: (to Heydrich)
dialog: Who are you?
text: He rips open Heydrich’s collar, checking his dog-tag.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
dialog: Let me hear you speak.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Heydrich. 13th Panzergrenadiers.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Let him go, old man!
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: (to Baumann)
dialog: You! Say something. Why are you
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: We were ambushed. Now take it
dialog: easy!
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Ambushed?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: It’s a bit late to be asking
dialog: questions, Private. Put the gun
dialog: down.
text: Mirus blinks, his eyes slowly losing their crazy gleam.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH (cont'd)
dialog: The gun!
text: Mirus finally backs off. Everybody BREATHES again. Heydrich
text: rubs his throat, cursing silently.
dialog: 11.
text: As if his mind has suddenly changed gear, Mirus looks at the
text: other three soldiers as if seeing them for the first time.
text: He stokes his old head wound unconsciously.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: I’m sorry...
text: The others look at him warily, unsettled by his radical
dialog: change in temperament.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont‘d)
dialog: We were warned, you see. About
text: enemy infiltration units.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: If you weren’t sure about us you
dialog: should never have opened the door.
text: Ebert SLAMS and bolts the door behind them.
text: (They’re in a short, T-shaped passage: To their right, a
text: small flight of steps leads down to another steel door; to
text: the left, the Gas Lock which leads deeper into the bunker)
text: Mirus shuffles sheepishly for a second, embarrassed at his
text: behaviour, then gestures for them to follow.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: This way.
text: Mirus leads them through the
speaker_heading: GAS LOCK
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
dialog: What happened to you, again?
text: then turns right through the gas-proof doors into the
speaker_heading: MAIN CORRIDOR
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Ambush. Americans.
text: Doors in each wall of the corridor lead to the Generator Room
text: and the Crew Room. Straight ahead is the door to the Gun
text: Room. Peering around it curiously is a 2nd Volksgrenadier
text: This is NEUMANN; young, almost a boy. Mirus snaps at him:
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Keep watching the front!
text: Neumann disappears out of sight as Mirus leads the others
dialog: right again, into the --
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CREW ROOM
text: Bunks. Lockers. Pin-ups. Military mottoes painted on the
text: walls. Small stove. Emergency Escape. A Christmas tree --
text: with an ironic cardboard SWASTIKA on top instead of an
dialog: angel.
text: The three newcomers slump down onto the bunks near the stove.
text: A bit of warmth and comfort. The relief spreads across their
text: faces -- but this only accentuates their pain and exhaustion.
text: Heydrich stretches out his injured leg.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Ahhh!! Shit!
text: Meanwhile, Mirus hovers nervously, occasionally coughing.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: How far away did all this happen?
dialog: The ambush?
speaker_heading: EBERT
text: Three, four kilometres.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: But the front-line is supposed to
dialog: be thirty-odd kilometres away.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: That’s what we thought.
text: One by one, they light up cigarettes.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: God knows what the Yanks were doing
dialog: there. Probably don’t even know
dialog: themselves.
text: Baumann is studying Mirus’s reaction:
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: They might be coming this way.
text: Mirus turns pale. He looks at the other two for
dialog: confirmation.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Will they?
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Maybe. They were behind us for a
dialog: while, back there. All they have
dialog: to do is follow our tracks in the
dialog: snow.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: (to Mirus)
dialog: How many men do you have?
text: Mirus nervously strokes the wound on his forehead.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Just one.
text: The three newcomers stiffen, alert. The relaxation drains
text: from their faces, to be replaced once more by tension.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: You mean that kid?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Everybody else was sent forward.
dialog: They even took our supplies.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Christ!
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Is it like this all along the line,
dialog: now? Just Reserves?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: I don’t know. I think so.
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: There’s not supposed to be any
dialog: fighting here!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Someone forgot to tell the Yanks.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: (to Mirus)
dialog: You’d better get onto Area Command.
text: Mirus turns to leave, fretting. Ebert calls after him.
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: What was it you said before, about
dialog: infiltration units?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
text: Americans in German uniform.
dialog: Sometimes they --
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: We know what they are. What about
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: We were just told to be on the
text: lookout for them.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Well, don’t shoot at anyone until
dialog: you know who it is. There may be
dialog: others coming, from our unit.
text: Mirus nods and exits. Ebert snorts derisively.
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t believe it! Kids and sick
text: crazy old men left in charge.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: That’s what it’s come to, alright
text: A moment of brooding silence. Heydrich gets out his first-
text: aid kit and sees to his leg.
text: Ebert gets up and smells the coffee pot on the stove.
text: Ersatz! He pulls a sour face, but pours a mug-full anyway;
text: passes it around. Baumann continues where they’d left off.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: So, if the Yanks attack again
dialog: it’1l be up to us.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: They won’t necessarily come after
dialog: us. They might have other
dialog: priorities.
text: But he doesn’t sound as if he quite believes it. And it’s
text: clear from their faces that nor do Heydrich and Baumann.
text: Ebert stares for a moment into his coffee mug -- then raises
text: it in a tired, ironic toast:
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: Well. Happy Christmas!
text: Sudden SHOUT from the Gun Room:
speaker_heading: MIRUS (0.S.)
dialog: Someone’s coming!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EBERT’S POV - THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: A small group of German soldiers flit cautiously between the
text: trees, at the bottom of the slope overlooked by the bunker.
text: Three, maybe four of them.
speaker_heading: EBERT (0.S.)
dialog: Ours, alright. What's left of
dialog: them.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (0.S.)
dialog: Can I see?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUN ROOM - DUSK
text: Ebert is peering out through the loophole. He passes the
text: binoculars to Baumann, then turns to Neumann at the gun.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Neumann, sir.
text: Ebert looks around: (The room is dim -- lights out because
text: the loophole cover is open) 4.7 cm cannon/machine gun; ammo
text: boxes; door to the Ammunition Room; not much else.
text: In the b.g., Mirus is on the wall-mounted field-telephone, AD-
text: LIBBING terse, monosyllabic comments and replies.
text: Heydrich is leaning expectantly in the doorway.
text: Ebert turns back to Neumann and indicates the huge gun;
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Are you alright with this?
text: Neumann nods with a hint of defiance;
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: I used to be on a Flak unit.
text: Ebert is quiet for a moment, looking sadly at this over-
text: confident kid who should be back at home with his family.
text: He gestures at Mirus and continues;
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Did he explain to you what's going
dialog: on? What's his name?
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Mirus. Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Alright. Keep the gun trained on
dialog: the trees. Just in case.
text: Neumann nods.
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: This isn't like shooting at planes.
dialog: If you have to fire, use short
dialog: bursts.
dialog: 16.
text: Another dismissive, slightly annoyed nod, and Neumann puts
text: his eye back to the gunsight.
text: Mirus hangs up the phone. He's even more agitated, now.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: They just said to let them know of
dialog: any developments. That's all!
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: (ironic)
dialog: Great!
text: Sound of indistinct SHOUTING from outside.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
text: They're out of the trees. Coming
dialog: in.
scene_heading: BAUMANN'S POV - THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: The four soldiers are now dodging between the concrete tank-
text: traps, waving towards the bunker. One of them is being
text: helped along by the others.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Krupp; Schenke; Franke. Can't see
dialog: who they're dragging. Is it
dialog: Kreuzmann?
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Call out to them.
text: Baumann opens his mouth to shout through the loophole...
text: GUNFIRE bursts from the distant trees.
text: Baumann and Ebert instinctively duck, grabbing their rifles.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Shit! !
text: Mirus scrambles back to the gun. Pushes Neumann out of the
text: way. Takes over.
text: Baumann works the bolt on his rifle.
text: Aims through the loophole.
text: FIRES towards the trees.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNKER - DUSK
dialog: Panic!
text: The four newcomers are yelling incoherently as they scramble
text: up the icy slope, under fire from an unseen enemy.
text: SHOTS are coming from the trees. KICKING into the snow
text: around them. PRANGING off the concrete tank-traps. They're
dialog: in the open -- sitting ducks!
text: Franke is dragging the injured Kreuzmann. Krupp is pushing
text: them along with one hand and FIRING blindly towards the trees
text: with the other. Schenke brings up the rear, laying down a
text: covering fire as he backs up the slope.
text: On their faces is the fear of God.
text: Schenke is HIT. He shouts involuntarily and stumbles; but a
text: second later he is up again, still firing.
text: A bullet CLANGS against the side of Franke's helmet.
text: He shouts a string of incoherent CURSES.
text: All this happens in the space of six seconds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - GUN ROOM - DUSK
text: Baumann squeezes off another SHOT. Ebert SHOUTS at Mirus;
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: What the hell are you waiting for?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: I can't see the enemy!
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Just fire!
text: The machine gun EXPLODES into action. The NOISE within the
text: confined concrete space is incredible.
text: Baumann FIRES again, finishing his clip.
text: Pulls away from the loophole.
text: Ebert takes his place instantly, firing.
text: Neumann breaks open a new ammo belt for the gun.
text: Heydrich finishes loading shells into a rifle magazine.
dialog: Tosses it to Baumann.
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: They're coming around the side!
text: Baumann SLAMS the clip into his rifle.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: I’m alright here. Go!
text: Ebert pulls away from the loophole and Baumann smoothly takes
text: his place, FIRING immediately.
text: Heydrich catches on straight away.
text: Follows Ebert out of the room.
scene_heading: MAIN CORRIDOR AND GAS LOCK
text: Ebert races for the rear. Heydrich hobbles behind him.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: I'll get the door.
text: They pile into the Gas Lock. Ebert branches off right.
text: Heydrich goes left, around the dog-leg to the main door.
scene_heading: ENTRANCE DEFENCE ROOM
text: A small, bare, cramped room. Loophole in the outer wall.
text: Ebert is at the loophole in an instant. Checks outside.
text: SHOUTS through to Heydrich:
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Clear!
speaker_heading: ENTRANCE PASSAGE
text: Heydrich pulls open the door just in time for the new
text: arrivals to SPILL inside, almost falling over each other.
text: He SLAMS the door shut behind them.
text: They collapse against the wall and sink to the floor. Fora
text: few moments they say nothing, catching their breath and
text: gradually realising they're still alive.
text: Franke leans back with his eyes closed, pale and trembling,
text: and hugging his steel helmet to his chest.
text: Lieutenant Krupp wipes his face with a handkerchief -- and
text: looks uneasily around the cramped space, pulling open his
dialog: collar.
text: The MUFFLED SHOOTING continues in the b.g.
text: Heydrich takes a look at Kreuzmann, who is semi-conscious and
text: obviously in the worst condition.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: What happened to the others?
dialog: 19.
text: Schenke struggles back to his feet painfully.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Take a wild guess!
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: (to Heydrich)
dialog: Who else is here?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Ebert and Baumann.
text: Schenke starts to CHUCKLE ironically, but it emerges as a
text: breathless cough. He looks at his wounded side -- then
text: suddenly KICKS the wall in a violent, cathartic release of
dialog: tension.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUN ROOM - DUSK
text: The machine gun is still BOOMING. The air is thick with
text: cordite smoke. Baumann is trying to shout over the noise.
text: The gun stops momentarily.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: enough! Hold fire!
text: Another short BURST, and the gun stops again.
text: Empty shells RATTLE down the collection tube.
text: Sudden, complete silence.
text: Mirus is glued, rigid, to the gunsight of the machine gun.
text: Baumann cautiously peeks through the loophole.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: That might hold them for a while.
text: Krupp enters and takes in the scene. He throws a glance at
text: Baumann, then addresses Mirus.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Are you in charge here?
text: Mirus and Neumann straighten to attention.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Krupp heads immediately for the loophole, and Baumann steps
text: aside to give him access. He turns for the door, but Krupp
dialog: calls him back:
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Baumann!
dialog: 20.
text: Baumann stops where he is and waits patiently, whilst Krupp
text: studies the scene outside.
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: (to Mirus)
dialog: You've been on to Area Command?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: That covering fire was bloody late.
dialog: Who was on the gun?
text: Mirus hesitates momentarily -- coughing.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: I was, sir.
text: Krupp turns away from the loophole and looks Mirus up and
text: down, taking in his Volksgrenadier uniform, and noticing for
text: the first time how sick he appears.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Jesus! You look worse than us.
text: Mirus says nothing, waiting for his telling-off. Neumann
text: too is expectant -- but Krupp leaves it hanging in the air
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: What other covering fire is there,
dialog: apart from this?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
text: There's a machine gun nest across
dialog: the pass, sir. -- But nobody to man
dialog: it.
text: Krupp nods to himself.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Alright. I'll talk to Area Command
dialog: again. In the meantime, if
dialog: anything moves out there, shoot.
dialog: Instantly!
text: Mirus SNAPS his heels, relieved.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Yes, sir!
text: He turns back to the gunsight -- whilst Neumann's face
text: betrays a momentary disappointment and irritation that Mirus
text: is off the hook.
text: Meanwhile, Krupp half-turns to Baumann.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: How long ago did you get here?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Just a few minutes before you did.
text: A pregnant pause.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: We looked for you.
text: Krupp turns away again without reply.
text: He looks around the smoky room and suddenly seems short of
text: breath. Face close to the loophole for air, he tugs at his
text: collar claustrophobicaly, and barks an order.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
text: Someone turn on the vents.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CREW ROOM - DUSK
text: Kreuzmann is helped onto one of the bunks by Franke and
text: Schenke, Heydrich following behind with his kit. Having let
text: go of Kreuzmann, Schenke slumps onto the next bunk, looking
text: down again at his bleeding side. He’s still steamed.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Bastards! Behind us all the
dialog: shitting way. Don't they know when
dialog: to quit?
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Let me see it.
text: Franke tries to look at his wound, but Schenke shrugs him off
text: angrily, gesturing at Kreuzmann:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Just get on with pampering him!
text: Heydrich is still settling Kreuzmann.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: He’s hurt, Schenke. And he lost
dialog: his friend back there.
text: Schenke isn’t impressed, but drops the subject. Franke takes
text: over the tending of Kreuzmann, and Heydrich hobbles over to a
text: bunk at the other side of the room.
text: Schenke eases himself back against the wall, taking deep
text: breaths to calm himself and control the pain -- an Iron Cross
text: 2nd class glinting visibly on his tunic.
dialog: 22.
text: Then he rests momentarily, eying Heydrich.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: How many do you think, out there?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Who knows? Enough, anyway.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: I reckon two or three snipers and a
text: machine gun each side of the road.
dialog: Plus maybe a couple on demolition.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: More than that.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: If we hadn’t split up, we could’ve
dialog: fought it out.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: And got ourselves killed.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: It was ten or twelve men at most.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Yes, and God knows how many more
text: coming up from behind.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: What do you mean? You saw others?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: I didn’t see them, no, but --
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Then who says?
text: Heydrich shakes his head dismissively, annoyed that he’d
text: allowed himself to be drawn into an argument.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (weary)
dialog: Don’t start, Schenke.
text: Schenke glances over at Franke momentarily, intrigued -- then
text: leans forward eagerly.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: We pulled back without bumping into
dialog: anyone else. How do you think we
dialog: got out of there!?
dialog: (a pause)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: So. Who r@uHENKH ecw’ @i1 these 23.
dialog: other Yanks?
text: Heydrich remains silent -- and Schenke suddenly becomes aware
text: that Baumann is standing in the doorway, listening.
text: Baumann and Schenke glare at each other for a moment -- then
text: Schenke SNIGGERS, shaking his head contemptuously.
text: Baumann stands his ground defiantly.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Krupp wants you up front
text: Schenke takes a small container from his pocket, shakes a
text: pill into his hand, and tosses it into his mouth.
text: Then he gets to his feet and strolls to the door -- pausing
text: just long enough to glare once more into Baumann’s eyes --
text: pointedly and childishly polishing his Iron Cross with his
text: cuff -- as if to emphasis that Baumann doesn’t have one.
text: And with that, Schenke exits.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Little bastard!
text: Baumann changes the subject.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: We’re going to siege conditions.
dialog: Krupp wants you to organise a rota,
text: three-hour shifts.
text: Heydrich nods, gets up, and departs without further comment
text: The shocked and injured Kreuzmann meanwhile, who has remained
text: semi-conscious throughout, is slowly coming to his senses.
text: Still groggy, he struggles to focus on Franke and Baumann.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Did ... Engels make it?
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: No.
text: He’s momentarily confused -- then anguish creases his face,
text: as if the memories of what had happened suddenly flood back.
speaker_heading: FRANKE (cont’d)
dialog: It’s alright. wWe’re safe, now.
text: Baumann watches as tears drip silently from Kreuzmann’s eyes.
text: Uncomfortable, he, too, departs.
dialog: 24.
text: Left alone with Kreuzmann, Franke struggles to find words of
dialog: comfort.
speaker_heading: FRANKE (cont’d)
dialog: I... couldn’t have got to him,
dialog: Kreuzmann. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: Nobody tried to help him. Not even
dialog: me.
text: Franke doesn’t know what else to say. Instead, he slumps
text: back and blows out a weary sigh.
text: Kreuzmann composes himself slightly after a few moments.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Where is this place?
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: (a shrug)
text: Just an anti-tank bunker
text: Kreuzmann shivers momentarily, suddenly chilled. He glances
text: around the room, as if sensing something...
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: It’s not safe here.
text: But Franke is no longer listening; he’s studying the fresh
text: bullet-dent on the side of his steel helmet introspectively,
text: as if dwelling on the close-shave.
text: So Kreuzmann turns his attention again to his surroundings --
text: his gaze finally settling on the square steel hatch leading
text: to the bunker’s Emergency Escape shaft...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Darkness, except for the faint diffused moonlight filtering
text: in through the loophole at which Schenke is keeping watch.
text: Mirus and Neumann are manning the cannon, while Baumann,
text: Ebert and Heydrich wait expectantly just inside the doorway.
text: Krupp, meanwhile, is on the field telephone:
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: but the situation’s approaching
dialog: critical. -- No, we don’t know that
dialog: for sure. -- Yes. -- Yes, alright
text: He puts down the receiver, exasperated, and turns to the
dialog: group.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
text: All units are up at the front. No
dialog: reinforcements available. We’re to
dialog: hold until relieved.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Hold with what?
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: I doubt they’1l attack the bunker.
dialog: They don’t know we’re low on ammo,
dialog: and this time they don’t have the
text: element of surprise.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: They don’t need it if there’s an
text: armoured column heading straight
dialog: for us.
text: Krupp glares at him, flustered and annoyed. There are
text: clearly still tensions between the two surviving halves of
dialog: the group.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: And where’s this armoured column
dialog: coming from?
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: The same place they did! We don't
dialog: know what's going on at the front
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Command think it’s either an
text: infiltration unit or an isolated
text: pocket of resistance.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: And what do you think about that
dialog: Baumann?
text: Baumann ignores the mocking tone of Schenke’s voice.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: I think there’s a lot more out
dialog: there than we realise.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Well, that’s your story, anyway.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Leave it, Schenke. You don’t know
dialog: what you’re talking abou --
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Don’t make excuses for me. Not to
dialog: him!
dialog: 26.
text: There’s a second of icy tension -- then Ebert picks up where
text: the conversation left off.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Either way, they must’ve spotted
dialog: we’ve no covering fire across the
dialog: pass. And now that it’s dark
dialog: there’s nothing to stop them
text: surrounding the bunker.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: So what? They won't get in --
dialog: nless one of you plans on opening
text: he door for them.
dialog: ac
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (to Krupp)
dialog: bert’s right. And despite having
dialog: uperman here on our side...
dialog: (a gesture at Schenke)
dialog: without ammo, we can't stop
dialog: them.
dialog: om
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: And I say they won't attack.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Why? Because it's Christmas Eve?
dialog: 
text: Krupp opens his mouth to argue, but Heydrich interrupts:
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Lieutenant, you saw the way they
dialog: came after us. They’re not just
dialog: doing their job - they're trying to
dialog: be heroes.
text: He holds out his sleeve, indicating the black, silver-
text: lettered divisional insignia which they all wear
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH (cont'd)
dialog: And if they do get in, they won’t
dialog: be taking any prisoners.
text: There is a moment of reflective silence which temporarily
text: humbles the group. Finally, Ebert again raises his original
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: EBERT
text: So. With the bunker surrounded,
dialog: what options do we have when the
dialog: ammo runs out?
text: Neumann glances at Mirus, expecting him to say something, but
text: the old man is keeping quiet. He then looks at Schenke, and
dialog: summons up the courage to speak himself:
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: There's always the tunnels.
text: Everybody looks at him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE PASSAGE & ACCESS TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Ebert DRAGS open the bolts of a steel door.
text: Schenke, Heydrich, Krupp, Neumann and Mirus are crowded
text: behind him, on the short flight of steps running down from
dialog: the entrance passage which we glimpsed earlier
text: Ebert shoves the door open eagerly and shines his torch into
text: the narrow Access Tunnel beyond: about ten metres long;
text: concrete walls; another steel door at the other end.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
text: There. Through that other door
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: And what's in there?
text: Neumann shrugs and glances at Mirus, who answers reluctantly.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Only rats.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Jesus, don't tell Kreuzmann.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: (to Mirus)
dialog: I meant, what are they for?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Munitions storage, I think. But
dialog: they were never finished.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: (a shrug)
dialog: I don’t know. Too many cave-ins
dialog: maybe. They're not safe.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: But you've been in.
text: Mirus is curiously uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
text: Not very far.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
text: They must go right under the woods.
text: There's a main entrance at the
dialog: other side of the hill. I've seen
text: it from the outside.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Were they ever used? Could there
dialog: still be ammunition stored in
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: I haven't been in that far. TI told
dialog: you, it’s not safe.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Why don't we take a look?
text: Ebert starts in, his curiosity clearly aroused -- but Krupp
text: calls him back impatiently.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: But if there’s the possibility of --
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: We were told to stay put. Unless
dialog: something happens, we'll do as
dialog: we're ordered.
dialog: (to Mirus and Schenke)
dialog: And you're both still on watch, in
dialog: case you’d forgotten.
text: Krupp shoos Mirus and Schenke back towards the Gun Room and
text: follows after them, calling out to Ebert as he goes:
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: And make sure that door’s closed!
text: Ebert waits until Krupp has gone, then whispers to Heydrich:
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: I could just have a quick look.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: You heard the Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Yeah, I heard him. He’s getting
dialog: jumpy.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Well, it’s not every day two-thirds
dialog: of the unit gets wiped out in one
dialog: go.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: And look at the group he’s been
dialog: left with.
text: Ebert ignores the comment with a shrug, pulling closed the
text: Access Tunnel door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE DEFENCE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Baumann is on watch, alone. He's cold, bored, and exhausted.
text: He glances out through the loophole momentarily.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN'S POV
text: The bunker entrance is visible in the diffuse moonlight.
text: All is quiet. As Ebert had done earlier, he focusses for a
text: moment on the name moulded above the steel door.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Moving aside from the loophole, he fishes in his tunic for a
text: cigarette. Lights it with a wind-proof lighter.
text: He then takes out his wallet. Folded inside is a dog-eared
text: PHOTOGRAPH, which he holds in the glow from the lighter: It
text: shows a young woman, cradling a cat in her arms.
text: He studies the photo, thinking, and the tough face of the
text: soldier softens for a second.
text: Franke enters and catches sight of the photo before Baumann
text: SNAPS the lighter shut.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: The watch has changed. Go get
dialog: something to eat.
text: Baumann takes another pull on his cigarette. He's about to
text: stub it out and leave -- but Franke appears as if he wants to
text: talk, so Baumann offers the butt to him. Franke accepts it
dialog: awkwardly.
speaker_heading: FRANKE (cont’d)
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: So, what about the old man, eh?
dialog: Jesus! He’s sick; he shouldn't be
dialog: here in his state.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: None of us should be here.
dialog: Franke gets to the point
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Listen... Schenke was out of line,
dialog: earlier. Always trying to prove
dialog: something.
text: Baumann says nothing.
speaker_heading: FRANKE (cont’d)
dialog: You heard what slipped out the
dialog: other week? About how he applied
dialog: to join the SS - and they wouldn't
dialog: have him!?
text: Baumann nods, a thin smile on his lips.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: I heard.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
text: He's keyed-up on benzedrine half
dialog: the time. Getting too fond of it
dialog: He'll get us all killed, one day.
text: Franke takes a long, deep, nervous pull on the cigarette.
speaker_heading: FRANKE (cont’d)
dialog: I tell you; I was scared shitless
dialog: back there! We've ridden our luck
dialog: too long, and it's due to run out
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: Half a chance and I would've done
dialog: the same as you.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Got out of there while I could.
dialog: Every man for himself!
text: He takes another pull and offers the cigarette back to
text: Baumann. But Baumann just looks at him curiously -- face
text: blank -- and turns away.
text: Franke frowns, confused -- knowing he said the wrong thing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CREW ROOM - NIGHT
text: Krupp, Schenke and Mirus are sitting around the stove,
dialog: heating soup.
dialog: 31.
text: As they do so they AD-LIB war anecdotes, the warmth ana
text: coziness -- and in Mirus's case, a bottle of spirits --
dialog: having eased the tension slightly.
text: Neumann sits nearby, listening with boyish fascination.
text: Kreuzmann is huddled on a corner bunk, asleep.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: but he wouldn't listen! So, of
dialog: course, when he pulled the trigger
text: it blew right back in his face.
dialog: Took his eye out, and half his
dialog: cheek with it!
dialog: (grim chuckle)
dialog: Served him right, I say.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Christ!
text: Ebert, meanwhile, slings on his rifle and takes a last gulp
text: of his soup before heading for the door to go on watch.
text: Schenke spies this and calls after him.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: Come on, Ebert. Tell us a quick
dialog: war story before you go.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: You’re the hero, Schenke. Not me.
text: He departs, crossing with Baumann in the doorway. Schenke
text: watches as Baumann silently finds an empty bunk.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: (to no one in particular)
dialog: And not much point asking him, is
dialog: there.
text: Baumann ignores him. He takes his mug from his kit-bag
text: fills it with soup, and settles back on his bunk to drink it.
text: Mirus, meanwhile, is offering around the booze once more.
text: Coughing, he pours a shot for himself and Krupp, and holds
text: the bottle out for Schenke.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Go on, have one. Look upon it as
dialog: medicine.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: I told you, I don't drink.
dialog: (changing subject)
dialog: So what's your story, anyway?
dialog: How’d you get the head wound?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Got that on the front line, in
dialog: "seventeen. Shell fragment.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 32.
dialog: Some of it Marasidconiin'dpere -- but
dialog: it doesn't bother me much.
text: Schenke pulls a covert, knowing face at Krupp.
text: Suppressing a smile, Krupp turns to Neumann, who has been
text: listening quietly in the b.g., enthralled.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: You don't say much, do you. Come
dialog: on, it's your turn.
text: Neumann shuffles, uncomfortable, and unsure what to say.
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: Alright, never mind the war
dialog: stories. How about something funny
dialog: that happened to you at school?
text: Krupp laughs. Schenke and Mirus join in. Neumann blushes
text: furiously, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Ah, leave him. He's alright.
dialog: Don't worry, kid.
text: Schenke taps his Iron Cross.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: There's plenty of time to win one
dialog: of these. This war's not over yet
dialog: believe me!
text: Neumann looks at Schenke, grateful for the comment. Baumann,
text: watching the brief exchange, notices the look of reverence in
text: Neumann's face.
text: However, the atmosphere of anecdotal jollity has stalled --
text: and Krupp's attention has been shifted back to the present by
text: Schenke's comment. He's thoughtful for a moment.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: So what else do you know about
dialog: those tunnels, old man? Could we
dialog: get out that way in an emergency,
dialog: or not?
dialog: Mirus is evasive.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Maybe... I'm not really sure.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: You know more than you're letting
dialog: on, don't you. What're you hiding?
text: Mirus shrugs dismissively.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Nothing.
text: But Krupp is still waiting, so Mirus finally continues:
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
dialog: All I know is, there's a whole maze
text: of tunnels and storage chambers.
dialog: Maybe there’s a way through - maybe
dialog: not.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: So what happened? Why did they
dialog: abandon the site?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: I think there was some kind of
dialog: revolt by the slave-workers. The
dialog: 0.T. closed the site temporarily
dialog: and never came back. Probably the
dialog: local folk-tales didn't help
dialog: matters.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: People around here have unpleasant
dialog: stories about these woods. Ask the
dialog: kid. He'll tell you.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: You're not talking about ghost
dialog: stories?
text: Krupp glances around the room, incredulous. Mirus says
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: You're trying to tell me they
dialog: stopped construction on a military
dialog: installation because of a few ghost
dialog: stories?
text: Krupp and Schenke snigger -- but Mirus is serious, his mind
text: seemingly elsewhere.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: You can laugh here. But in there --
dialog: in the dark -- it's easy to believe
dialog: all sorts of things.
text: Krupp and Schenke’s derisory laughter wakes Kreuzmann, who
text: emerges from his sleep disorientated. He groggily turns over
text: on his bunk and sits upright.
text: Schenke turns his attention back to Mirus, sneering.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: So just what are these folk-tales?
text: Mirus thinks for a second -- then decides.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Alright. I’1l tell you.
text: He shuffles, settling for his story -- taking their sceptical
text: reaction as a challenge -- and getting that crazy gleam in
text: his eyes once again. He begins:
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
dialog: You have to remember, these woods
dialog: are ancient. Older than Germany.
dialog: People have talked about them for
dialog: centuries. They used to burn
dialog: witches here, because the place was
dialog: supposed to be evil. But it was
dialog: during the Black Death that the
dialog: tales really started.
text: Everybody is listening intently. Kreuzmann looks around,
text: puzzled and wondering what he's missed.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
dialog: The disease was sweeping across the
dialog: continent. The village near here
dialog: was isolated, and they thought they
dialog: could escape the infection. But
text: there was no escape. The Plague
dialog: finally took hold and started to
text: spread through the village like
dialog: wild-fire; and once infected,
dialog: friends suddenly became enemies.
text: Mirus pauses theatrically, enjoying the reactions of the
text: others as they're drawn in to the story. Kreuzmann is
text: particularly unsettled.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont‘d)
text: Then, at the height of the Plague,
text: a stranger arrived in the village.
dialog: Some say he was a priest. If he
dialog: was, then he was a priest of the
text: unholy. Before long, he began to
dialog: turn the villagers against each
dialog: other. It didn't take much. He
dialog: offered to rid the village of the
dialog: Plague once and for all. And
dialog: people believed him.
text: Kreuzmann is now white as a ghost.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
text: One dreadful night, he roused the
text: villagers into a frenzy.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: He led a moitRUsi@ontrayp the sick 35.
dialog: and infected people out of the
dialog: village, burning their houses one
text: by one. They were pursued into
dialog: these woods, hunted down like dogs
dialog: and when they were finally
dialog: surrounded, they were slaughtered
text: mercilessly. Then their poisoned
text: bodies were buried in the ground.
text: Kreuzmann has listened to enough. Pale and trembling, he
text: shakily gets to his feet and leaves the room.
text: The spell is broken. Everybody shuffles uncomfortably.
text: Mirus looks around. His crazy expression has gone again.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
dialog: What's the matter?
text: Schenke glares after Kreuzmann.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Don't worry about it, old man; he's
dialog: got no stomach, that's all. Been
dialog: like that for a while.
text: Baumann looks at Schenke silently -- and Schenke returns
text: his gaze with defiant contempt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GAS LOCK - NIGHT
text: Kreuzmann is leaning over the drain beneath the water tap in
text: the corner. Head down, breathing deeply, as if about to be
text: sick. The door of the Gun Room is ajar, and Ebert peers
text: around it to see what’s going on.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: You alright?
text: Kreuzmann is still groggy and disorientated. He turns on the
text: tap and takes a few sips of water from his hand. Then he
text: takes a few unsteady steps along the corridor, clearly
text: uncomfortable with the surroundings.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: What’s happening? Are they still
dialog: out there?
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: All the way around, probably.
text: And this unsettles Kreuzmann even more.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: You mean ... we’re surrounded?
dialog: 36.
text: Ebert realises his mistake.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Chances are, they won’t try
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: But they could get in. If they
dialog: really wanted to. We all know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: There’s probably not enough of them
dialog: to try.
text: Kreuzmann ignores him, nervously fingering his cuff insignia.
dialog: Kreuzmann,
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: And you know what they do to elite
dialog: division troops. As far as they’re
dialog: concerned, we’re no better than SS.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Take it easy.
dialog: however, won’t be consoled.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: There’s something about this place.
text: Something not right. Almost as if
dialog: we were meant to...
text: He trails off cryptically, then looks at EBERT again.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN (cont’d)
dialog: You haven’t figured it out yet
dialog: have you.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
text: With Engels and the others dead
dialog: it’s just us again. Just the seven
dialog: of us.
text: Ebert does seem to know what he’s talking about -- but he
text: changes the subject awkwardly.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Better get some more rest while you
dialog: can. You’re probably still
text: concussed.
text: But Kreuzmann is now staring with moist, emotional eyes at
text: the motto carefully hand painted over the Gun Room door. It
text: reads, ‘GOTT MIT UNS’.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: ‘God With Us’.
dialog: (then, to Ebert)
dialog: But he’s not anymore, is he. We’re
dialog: on our own.
text: And Ebert doesn’t have an answer. Kreuzmann turns away
text: silently and heads back towards the Crew Room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CREW ROOM
text: Kreuzmann re-enters the room as discretely as he can.
text: The others are in the process of settling down to get some
text: sleep. Baumann is already huddled on his bunk facing the
text: wall. Schenke, meanwhile, props himself up on his pillow,
text: flicking through an army magazine.
text: And Kreuzmann waits for a moment by the door -- just
text: watching the others pensively, as if seeing them for what
dialog: they are for the very first time...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUNKER - NIGHT
text: A wind is beginning to gust through the trees, driving the
text: falling snow before it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - GUN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ebert is crouched with his back to the cannon, idly blowing
text: cigarette smoke into his hands and rubbing them together to
dialog: keep warm.
text: Heydrich is leaning close to the loophole, his eyelids heavy.
text: He breaths in sharply and rubs his face, trying to stay
dialog: awake.
text: Hearing something, he cocks his head to one side, listening.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Come here.
text: Ebert reluctantly gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Listen.
dialog: 38.
text: They lean closer to the loophole.
text: From the trees, carried on the wind, the faint tune of a
text: distant harmonica; the beautiful hymn SILENT NIGHT.
text: They listen, Heydrich peering outside.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH (cont'd)
dialog: I love the snow.
text: For a fleeting moment, he's MOVED -- then he swallows, push-
text: ing back emotions which are welling up from God knows where.
text: Ebert looks at his wristwatch, struggling to see it in the
text: shaft of dull, diffuse moonlight.
speaker_heading: EBERT
text: Midnight. It’s Christmas.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CREW ROOM - NIGHT
text: All is still and quiet. All are asleep. Even the
text: hyperactive Schenke, slouched casually on his bunk with his
text: Magazine, is nodding-off involuntarily.
text: Kreuzmann's sleep, however, is troubled. He shuffles in his
text: bunk, unsettled -- as if having a nightmare...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: A distorted and surreal sequence -- typical of a dream:
text: Flaming torches, dozens of them, are dancing like fire-flies
text: between the dark, distant trees, accompanied by aggressive
text: but incoherent SHOUTS.
text: Suddenly, a group of figures BURST into the foreground, also
text: carrying wooden torches and clearly in pursuit of something.
text: Their dress and appearance is strange -- like people from the
dialog: middle-ages.
text: They carry spears, clubs, and bows.
text: They YELL excitedly, shouting encouragement to unseen
text: comrades -- as if they've just spotted something -- and speed
text: up their pursuit.
text: They split up quickly and rush to surround something, bearing
text: down upon it with weapons raised, then halting in satisfied
dialog: anticipation when they have it cornered...
text: Silhouetted in the flickering fire-light -- huddled ina
text: frightened, defensive group -- their quarry is revealed:
dialog: 39.
text: A small group of men -- wearing the incongruous but
text: distinctive uniforms of German soldiers...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - CREW ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kreuzmann awakes with a START.
text: Sweating profusely, taking a second or two to remember where
text: he is. Then, calming down slightly, he looks around to see
dialog: if anyone noticed his abrupt awakening.
text: All is just as it was before -- except that Mirus’ bunk is
text: now empty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE PASSAGE - NIGHT
dialog: Mirus is up to something.
text: He creeps down the short flight of steps to the Access Tunnel
text: door, torch in hand -- and gently works open the steel bolts.
text: Easing the door open, he pauses momentarily to ensure he
text: hasn't been heard -- then quietly heads into the tunnel
text: beyond, half-closing the door behind him.
text: But he’s being observed through the crack in the Gas lock
text: door, which is not properly closed...
text: Mirus having moved out of sight, Kreuzmann silently opens the
text: Gas Lock door. He, too, listens for a moment to ensure
text: Franke hasn’t heard anything through the heavy steel door of
text: the Entrance Defence room.
text: Then, satisfied, he follows after Mirus furtively.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS TUNNEL
text: FOLLOWING KREUZMANN -- as he creeps along the short dark
text: length of the tunnel, chasing the faint, wavering glow from
text: Mirus's torch which is visible through the second steel door
text: ajar at the end of the passage.
text: He stops a yard from the door, torch in hand but not switched
dialog: on.
text: He seems to have a fleeting moment of indecision...
text: Then an indistinct WHISPER draws his attention back towards
text: Mirus. Kreuzmann eases closer to the door, and peers around:
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN'S POV
text: Mirus is standing about ten yards away, his back to
text: Kreuzmann. He’s silhouetted against the dim glow from his
text: own torch, which is just sufficient to hint at the
text: surroundings: a tall, wide, concrete-lined tunnel which
text: intersects the Access Tunnel at right angles.
text: Now Mirus whispers again, louder, as if calling to someone:
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Martin! I'm here. Come talk to
dialog: me!
text: He listens for a moment -- then continues forward into the
dialog: darkness.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Despite his nervousness and confusion, Kreuzmann seems to
text: come to a sudden mental decision: Using a pen-knife, he
text: quickly begins digging and cutting at the stitching of the
text: black cuff-bands on his coat.
text: Finally ripping them loose, he tosses them aside. Then
text: picking at the torn threads which remain in his sleeves, he
text: slips through the door and silently goes after Mirus
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - CREW ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ebert shakes Baumann awake as gently and quietly as he can.
text: Baumann turns over in his bunk and looks at Ebert groggily,
text: and Ebert quickly holds a finger to his mouth.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Shhh! Don’t wake Krupp.
text: But it’s too late.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: What’s the matter, Ebert?
text: Krupp sits up in his bunk, blinking himself awake. Ebert
text: glances sheepishly at Baumann before answering.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: I’m not sure. I can’t find
dialog: Mirus. Or Kreuzmann
text: Krupp glances at his wrist-watch.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Who's on watch?
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Me, Heydrich and Franke. But it's
dialog: time for the shift-change.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: What do you mean you can't find
dialog: them?
text: Again, Ebert is reluctant to drop his comrade in it:
speaker_heading: EBERT
text: It looks like they're in the
dialog: tunnels.
text: Krupp stands up, a look of confused incredulity on his face.
text: He moves around the bunks, shaking the others awake, his
text: sleep-befuddled mind still trying to think it through.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: (to Schenke and Neumann)
dialog: Up. -- Get up!
text: Schenke and Neumann roll out of their bunks.
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
text: Relieve Heydrich in the Gun Room.
text: Schenke rubs his face. He doesn't look as if he slept above
text: half an hour, and he automatically reaches for the container
text: of benzedrine pills in his pocket.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Do it now, please!
text: Neumann jumps to it. Schenke gets up and follows, glancing
text: sideways at Krupp as he departs.
text: After a moment Krupp turns back to Ebert, picking up the
dialog: thread of the conversation:
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: They're deserting.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: We don't know that.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: What else do you think they're
dialog: doing in there? Exploring?
dialog: They’re looking for a way out.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: If they'd wanted to get out they
dialog: could've gone through the door.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: If I remember, you were the one who
dialog: suggested the bunker might be
text: surrounded. The tunnels seem a
dialog: pretty obvious way out to me.
dialog: (to Ebert)
dialog: Whatever the reasons, I want them
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: I’1l go.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Alright. Take Heydrich.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Heydrich’s injured. I'll go.
text: Baumann stands up, strapping on his pistol belt.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Unless, of course, you don't trust
dialog: me to come back.
text: Krupp returns Baumann's defiant gaze.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Just don't be too long.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM - NIGHT
text: Baumann and Ebert step from the Access Tunnel, into the wider
text: tunnel where Kreuzmann went after Mirus, and they shine their
text: torches in different directions, checking the place out.
text: This place is creepy! Bare concrete walls; curved roof with
dialog: lighting fixtures; flat concrete floor with narrow-gauge rail-
text: track running off into the pitch-blackness in either
text: direction; side-tunnels branching off at intervals.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: God, the air's foul! Nice bit of
dialog: work, though. Looks safe enough to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Probably not all like this.
text: Their voices echo away in an eerily disembodied fashion.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: I'll go this way.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: We're not sticking together?
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Why? You scared of the dark now?
text: He's wearing a teasing half-smile -- which Baumann returns.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Alright. We'll cover more ground,
dialog: at least.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: I doubt we'll find them. I found
dialog: these in the Access Tunnel, before
dialog: I woke you.
text: He's keeping his voice low, just in case. Pulls out the pair
text: of black cuff-bands crudely torn from Kreuzmann’s uniform.
speaker_heading: EBERT (cont’d)
dialog: Kreuzmann must've dropped them. If
dialog: Krupp knew about this he'd send
dialog: Schenke after him -- or inform the
dialog: Field Police. Or both!
text: Ebert looks Baumann in the eye -- awaiting his response to
text: that last statement. He’s putting his trust in him.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: He won't hear about it from me.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Well; if they did find a way out
dialog: they’1l be long gone. So why don’t
dialog: we take the opportunity to look
dialog: around -- just in case we ever need
text: a way out.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Fine with me.
text: They split up.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: I'll follow this cable duct. See
dialog: if I can find a generator.
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: See you back here.
text: Ebert waves a laconic hand in reply as he departs.
dialog: 44.
text: Baumann, meanwhile, heads in the opposite direction, his
text: torch-beam following the power-cables running along the top
text: of the wall.
text: He's only gone a few paces when his torch-beam begins to
text: weaken and flicker. He gives the torch a shake, and the beam
text: brightens again.
text: He looks around to call to his comrade:
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Ebert...?
text: But there's suddenly no sign of him, and Baumann's voice
text: merely echoes away into the solid darkness.
text: He's alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - GUN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Krupp is interrogating Neumann. The kid is nervous, and
text: keeps looking to Schenke for support.
text: But Schenke -- keeping watch at the loophole -- is leaving
text: things to Krupp for the moment.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: I tell you, I don't know!
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Why is it nobody knows anything
dialog: around here?
dialog: (a sigh)
dialog: The old man's always wandering off
dialog: into the tunnels, but you don't
dialog: know why!
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: He's never gone for very long.
dialog: An hour or so; just to be by
dialog: himself. He sometimes gets
dialog: confused.
text: Krupp snorts in mock surprise;
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Surely not!?
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
text: But it’s not just his head wound.
text: Or the fact that he’s getting sick.
dialog: He lost his son earlier this year
dialog: 45.
text: Schenke glances at Neumann for a second -- then turns his
text: attention back outside. He speaks quietly:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: We've all lost someone.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: (continuing, to Neumann)
dialog: Either way, we can assume he’s
text: showing Kreuzmann a way out.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: I’d ... doubt that, Sir.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: I'm not sure Mirus would let anyone
dialog: go with him. He's always told me
dialog: to stay away from the tunnels. He
dialog: treats them as if they belong to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Is that why he was trying to
dialog: frighten us with ghost stories? To
dialog: try to keep us out?
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Maybe.
text: He looks to Schenke again, now -- anxious to please.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: He sometimes acts as if... as if
dialog: there's something in there he
dialog: doesn't want anyone to know about.
text: Krupp and Schenke exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM - GENERATOR ROOM
text: Baumann shoves open the heavy steel door and steps inside,
text: shining his torch around.
text: He's in a longish room, with concrete partitions separating
dialog: the heavy utility equipment -- diesel generator; oil burner;
text: air-filtration system; all dusty, and slightly cobwebbed.
text: He checks the fuel-gauge on the generator, pulls a face, and
text: advances further into the room.
text: Shakes a couple of jerry-cans -- but they're empty.
dialog: 46.
text: A table near the main electrical junction-box has been left
text: with an assortment of clutter piled high. Baumann unrolls a
text: large diagram and studies it. Some kind of plan...
text: A NOISE from somewhere -- unidentifiable. Baumann tenses...
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Ebert?
text: He heads back towards the door, folding the diagram.
scene_heading: SIDE-TUNNEL OUTSIDE GENERATOR ROOM
text: Baumann inches through the Generator Room door, securing the
text: diagram inside his tunic, and shining his torch in either
text: direction along the narrow side-tunnel.
dialog: Nothing.
text: He steps out and begins to head along the tunnel...
text: His torch beam flickers again. He pauses and bangs it
text: against the wall. The beam steadies momentarily...
dialog: then goes out!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Shit! !
dialog: (louder, now)
dialog: Ebert! Are you there?
scene_heading: TUNNEL SYSTEM - ELSEWHERE
text: Ebert pauses -- as if he heard something behind him -- then
text: shakes his head and continues forward.
text: He studies the walls and roof curiously as he moves froma
text: concrete-lined tunnel-section into an unfinished section.
text: He squeezes past a huge metal rubbish wagon, piled with
text: rubble but abandoned on the track. More clutter is scattered
dialog: around: Tools; timber; sacks of concrete-mix...
text: MOVEMENT at the extreme limits of his torch-light -- far
text: along the tunnel -- just a glimpse as something disappears
text: around a corner. A figure?
speaker_heading: EBERT
dialog: Kreuzmann? Mirus?
text: He heads towards the movement -- stumbling along the rubble-
text: strewn floor. Side-tunnels branch off at intervals, and he
text: checks each one quickly as he advances.
dialog: 47.
text: He CALLS again -- but his ECHO fragments incoherently as it
text: bounces away through the complex of tunnels.
text: Now another noise -- a faint SCURRYING sound.
text: He moves towards it, more cautious, beginning to have second
text: thoughts about being here. He stops and listens; the noise
text: is gradually getting louder.
dialog: All of a sudden, he doesn't like it!
text: Turns back the way he came.
dialog: Trying not to rush...
text: but gradually speeding up nevertheless.
text: Turns to look behind as the noise gets even louder.
text: Then back the way he's heading...
text: WHAM! -- as a figure RUSHES out of nowhere, SMASHING into him
text: and SLAMMING his head violently back against the wall.
text: He bounces forward and goes down like a ton of bricks!
text: The mysterious figure STUMBLES off blindly into the darkness.
text: Ebert weakly lifts his battered head -- his consciousness
dialog: draining away
text: His torch is lying on its side nearby -- shining along the
text: rough floor -- and illuminating a thousand tiny pairs of eyes
text: which are SCUTTLING towards him.
text: And as he finally begins to black-out
text: As he manages one final, broken, panic-stricken YELL
text: A hundred filthy, scurrying RATS swarm over him ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM - SIDE-TUNNEL OUTSIDE GENERATOR ROOM
text: A circle of torch-light HITS Baumann in the face, and he puts
text: up a hand to shield his eyes.
speaker_heading: KRUPP (0.S.)
dialog: (urgent whisper )
dialog: What the hell is going on?
text: Krupp shifts the light away from Baumann's face as he steps
text: forward from out of the darkness. Heydrich is with him,
text: alert and with rifle ready.
text: Baumann is pale, and trying hard to disguise his relief at
dialog: being found.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Torch failed.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Who yelled?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: How should I know? I haven't been
dialog: able to bloody move!
text: Krupp snatches Baumann's torch. Bangs it against the wall.
text: Flicks the switch. It comes ON. Baumann isn't impressed:
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: I tell you it wasn't working!
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Where's Ebert?
text: Baumann is struggling to remain patient. He pulls the
text: diagram from his tunic and tosses it at Krupp.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Take a look. This place is huge!
dialog: I don't know where Ebert is; or any
dialog: of them, for that matter.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: More to the point -- what happened
dialog: to make somebody yell out?
text: Krupp is behaving as if he thinks it was Baumann.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Any ideas about that, Corporal?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Yes. Americans.
text: Krupp is wrong-footed. He hadn't even considered it.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: In here?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: That makes sense. They could've
text: got in from the other side of the
dialog: hill.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: (annoyed, to both of them)
dialog: How many bloody Yanks do ou think
dialog: there are around here..
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: shnn (ater rupting)
dialog: 49.
text: Heydrich is suddenly alert. Puts a hand over his torch to
text: smother the light. He whispers:
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH (cont'd)
dialog: You hear that?
text: The other two catch on instantly -- argument forgotten -- the
text: professional soldier taking over as they pull weapons and
text: fall into combat readiness, flattening against the wall.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Which direction?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Hard to tell in here.
text: The NOISE comes again. Feet on concrete. Someone's coming.
text: All their torches are off. They check both directions along
dialog: the tunnel...
text: a GLOW to the left, illuminating the rectangular end of
dialog: their tunnel.
text: They swing their guns towards it, crouching.
dialog: Waiting.
dialog: Silent.
text: Torchlight BURSTS around the corner...
speaker_heading: Heydrich SHOUTS:
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH (cont’d)
dialog: HALT! !
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Who's there?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Mirus??
text: The three soldiers flash on their torches. Sure enough, it's
text: Mirus, scared half out of his wits by the surprise. They all
text: drop their guns, blowing out their breath in relief.
text: Krupp looks at Baumann with disdain.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: There's your 'Americans'.
text: Mirus joins them, irritation taking over, now.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: You shouldn't be in here. wWhat’re
dialog: you doing in here?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: I should be asking that question
dialog: Private! What's going on? Where's
dialog: Kreuzmann?
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about. I was on my way back to the
dialog: bunker. Why have you been
dialog: following around after me?
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: We weren't.
text: A pregnant pause...
text: RIFLE SHOT, distant... then the muffled BOOMING of the
text: machine-gun. A split second of realisation...
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: The bunker!
text: then they all RUN LIKE HELL.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS TUNNEL
text: Baumann and Krupp pile inside and RUN along the tunnel, the
text: BOOMING of the guns getting louder all the time. Mirus and
text: Heydrich are slower, trailing several yards behind.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Stay here. Watch the tunnels.
text: Mirus remains in the Access Tunnel whilst Heydrich follows
text: Baumann and Krupp up the steps into the bunker.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - GUN ROOM - NIGHT
text: The guns are POUNDING again, the air choked with smoke.
text: Neumann swings the big gun from side to side as he FIRES, an
text: expression of excitement on his face. Schenke is at the
text: observation loophole, BLASTING off rounds as fast as he can
dialog: work the rifle bolt.
text: Krupp bursts in; rushes to help at the gun. Baumann, and
text: then Heydrich, go to the loophole to back up Schenke.
text: Schenke finishes his clip. Steps aside to reload.
text: Baumann fills his position. Ready to fire...
text: but he doesn't.
dialog: 51.
text: He tries to shout over the NOISE of the gun. A nudge from
text: Krupp, and Neumann stops FIRING.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: There's nothing out there.
text: Schenke pushes him aside roughly.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: What's the matter with you?
text: But Schenke freezes in sudden confusion as he looks again
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE'S POV
text: The wind-blown hillside stretches out below, still and
text: empty. No movement apart from the driving snow.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Muffled FIRING continues from the Entrance Defence Room --
text: but from nowhere else.
text: Krupp elbows Schenke aside to look outside for himself.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: What were you shooting at?
text: Schenke and Neumann remain silent, incredulous, whilst
text: Heydrich heads for the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE DEFENCE ROOM
text: Franke is sweating freely -- FIRING through the loophole in a
text: steady, mechanical rhythm -- almost as if in a trance.
text: Heydrich puts his hand on Franke's shoulder, and he STARTS
text: violently, shaking himself back to reality. Lowers his
dialog: rifle.
text: He looks around at Heydrich, frightened and confused.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Jesus, they were everywhere!
dialog: Trying to get in. I thought for a
dialog: minute...
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Easy. They've gone now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. GUN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Krupp KICKS an empty ammo box against the wall.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Used up! Shooting at shadows!
dialog: What's the matter with everybody?
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: They were out there!
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Then why didn't you hit anything?
dialog: Look outside! Where are the
dialog: bodies?
text: The others remain silent as Heydrich wanders back in. Krupp
text: stands there fuming for a few moments before picking up where
dialog: he left off:
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: I'd expect it from a trigger-happy
dialog: school kid; but you, Schenke? You
dialog: should lay off the pills - they're
dialog: making you see things!
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Franke saw something too. They
dialog: can't all be imagining it.
text: Schenke looks at his unexpected ally curiously.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: They're playing tricks on us; hit
dialog: and run tactics; psychological
dialog: warfare.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Keep out of it, Baumann!
text: Krupp turns back to Schenke, exasperated.
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: What do we have left?
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
text: Half a belt for the machine-gun.
dialog: Whatever rifle rounds and grenades
dialog: each of us have.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: There's a few shells for the
dialog: cannon.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Against troops!? What good is
dialog: that, you idiot?
dialog: 53.
text: Making a decision, he moves purposefully to the field
text: telephone. Picks up the receiver and winds the generator
dialog: handle. Listens.
text: Winds the handle again.
dialog: Listens...
text: He's suddenly no longer quite so angry. His voice is shaky:
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: The line's dead!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CREW ROOM - NIGHT
text: Baumann spreads the diagram he found across the table, and
text: Heydrich leans over to study it
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: It's a site wiring diagram. Not
dialog: quite a map, but almost as good.
dialog: Look at the size of the place.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Quite a prize for an advancing
dialog: army. If they could seize it
text: intact.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Tell it to Krupp. He can't bloody
dialog: admit he might be wrong.
text: On cue, Krupp and Schenke arrive, still locked in an
text: irritable discussion -- Schenke firmly pushing for action.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: ... It won't be an overhead
dialog: telephone line, it'll be a ground
dialog: cable. And if it’s routed back
dialog: through the tunnels, the
dialog: implication's obvious!
text: Krupp is more subdued, now; suddenly less sure of himself.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Alright, suppose the Americans are
text: in the tunnels.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: I say we secure the entire complex,
dialog: not just the bunker; if they're in
dialog: there, we push them out.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: With what, Schenke?
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: With our bare bloody hands, if
dialog: necessary!
text: Heydrich ignores Schenke's challenging glare. Schenke
text: continues trying to persuade Krupp.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: If they were in there in force,
dialog: they'd have stormed the bunker by
dialog: now. It's got to be a manageable
dialog: number.
text: Krupp is thinking about it all.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: So you think Kreuzmann and Ebert
dialog: are dead?
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Deserted, or dead. Either way, we
dialog: can forget them.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: You're all heart, Schenke.
text: Schenke reacts suddenly and viciously:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Shut your mouth, you bloody coward!
dialog: You had your chance to find them.
dialog: From what I hear, you preferred to
text: hide away in the dark and do
dialog: nothing!
text: Heydrich straightens up, shocked at the open accusation, and
text: poised to come between Schenke and Baumann...
text: but Baumann takes it without a flinch. He glances
text: briefly at Krupp, then glares into Schenke's eyes:
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: If it’s a scrap you’re looking for,
dialog: you’11 have to do better than that.
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Get it into your head once and for
dialog: all, Schenke; I’m not fighting the
dialog: same war as you.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: (a snort)
dialog: Isn’t that the truth!
text: Schenke sneers at Baumann's refusal to escalate the
text: confrontation. Grinning triumphantly, he turns his attention
text: back to Krupp, still pressing his case:
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: We can't let them have the tunnels!
text: Krupp agonises for several excruciating moments...
text: then reluctantly nods his acceptance.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: Alright! But if we run into too
dialog: much opposition we fall back to
dialog: here. My orders only cover this
dialog: bunker.
text: But Schenke isn't listening -- he excitedly moves to the
text: diagram spread out on the table, smirking at Baumann.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: This should be interesting!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
dialog: as they prepare for combat
text: Electrical tape stuck across the lenses of the torches,
text: leaving only a slit for the beam.
text: Remaining ammo shared out equally.
text: Equipment strapped on.
text: Guns loaded.
text: Bayonets fixed.
text: Knives and stick-grenades tucked into boots.
text: Schenke surreptitiously pops another benzedrine pill.
text: Sequence culminates with
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE PASSAGE - NIGHT
text: ... Schenke hastily securing a stick-grenade to the inside
text: handle of the main entrance, a web of wire looping back and
text: forth between the door-bolts and the ring-pull fuse.
text: Neumann watches as Schenke finishes the deadly booby-trap.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Is that to keep them out, or us in?
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: (with a grin)
dialog: You catch on quick.
text: Neumann licks his lips nervously.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Let me come with you into the
dialog: tunnels.
text: Schenke shakes his head, slinging his rifle over his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: No. You're more use here. You did
dialog: alright back there, on the gun.
text: Neumann starts to protest, but Heydrich, Baumann and Krupp
text: appear through the Gas Lock, ready to go.
text: Franke follows, looking at Neumann and gesturing back towards
text: the Entrance Defence Room.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: It's all yours, kid.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: (to Neumann)
dialog: And keep an eye on the old man!
text: With that, Schenke spins on his heel and leads the others
text: down the steps and into the Access Tunnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM
text: The Access Tunnel door swings open. Schenke checks around
text: the corner cautiously before they emerge.
text: Schenke has paired himself off with Krupp, who's now even
text: more subdued, for some reason.
text: When they speak, it's in hushed tones:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: We'll go straight for the main
dialog: entrance; you three sweep the long
dialog: way around.
dialog: (with mock deference)
dialog: If that's alright with you,
dialog: Corporal!?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: (weary)
dialog: Give it a rest, Schenke.
text: Baumann turns away without further comment, and the two
text: halves of the group cautiously set off in opposite
dialog: directions.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: BAUMANN, HEYDRICH & FRANKE
text: Franke glances back to make sure Schenke and Krupp are out of
text: earshot.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: I sometimes wonder who's really
dialog: running this unit.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (to Baumann)
dialog: Why do you let that little bastard
dialog: keep riling you?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: What do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: You could start by telling him what
dialog: happened back at the ambush. He
dialog: thinks you chickened out.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: I know what he thinks. And he can
dialog: believe what he wants to believe.
text: Heydrich shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Sometimes I think you enjoy being
dialog: hated!
dialog: Franke is intrigued:
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: What did happen?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: We were under fire and he came back
dialog: to pull me clear after I fell.
dialog: Risked his neck. So if Schenke
dialog: asks, tell him.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Shhh!
text: Baumann gestures for him to be quiet, using the excuse that
text: they're approaching the first corner. Franke looks at
text: Baumann, their earlier misunderstanding clearly on his mind.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: (to Baumann)
dialog: So ... what you said about all
dialog: those extra troops
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: If he said he saw them, Franke, he
dialog: saw them!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 58.
dialog: And for al Hav@R@on(cdiheydye in
dialog: here, now, waiting for us.
text: Baumann pauses by the corner. Flattening against the wall,
text: he carefully peers around into the darkness, then checks with
text: his torch before nodding the all-clear.
text: They then look back momentarily along the dark length of the
dialog: tunnel they've just covered:
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: In the black distance, the pin-pricks of light from Schenke
text: and Krupp's torches wink out as they turn an invisible
dialog: bend.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: The three of them are now on their own. Baumann consults his
text: hastily copied map.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: From now on we'll have to be
dialog: careful.
dialog: The leg alright?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: For the moment. But let me set the
dialog: pace, will you. I can’t go too
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: After you.
text: They set off again into the next length of tunnel.
text: Heydrich slightly ahead on one side, Baumann and Franke on
text: the other side.
text: All of them hug the wall, gun in one hand, torch in the other
text: -- the masked beams of the torches allowing only sufficient
text: light to see where they're treading -- held away from their
text: bodies in case someone takes a pot-shot at the light
text: They're alert to the slightest sound; the faintest trace of
text: torch-light ahead.
dialog: Ready, if necessary, to fight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - ENTRANCE DEFENCE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Neumann is concerned.
dialog: 59.
text: The wind is now blowing fiercely outside, blasting flecks of
text: snow through the narrow loophole at which he's positioned.
text: He's doing his best to keep watch, but his eyes are watering
text: against the powerful, freezing draft.
text: Mirus enters the room behind him, and Neumann becomes even
text: more agitated.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Why aren't you watching the front?
text: But Mirus no longer seems to care. He appears worn out, and
text: is now coughing badly.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: What's the point? We can't see
dialog: anything out there.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Mirus, they left us in charge at
dialog: this end! We have a
dialog: responsibility.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Look, they're the ones who brought
dialog: all this down on top of us. We
dialog: were doing fine until they turned
dialog: up!
text: His sudden anger precipitates another coughing fit. He leans
text: back against the wall to recover.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
dialog: If the Americans attack, let the
dialog: others deal with it. I've done
dialog: enough. Dammit, I did my bit
dialog: twenty-five years ago!
text: Neumann suddenly starts to panic, the responsibility for
text: everything suddenly dumped on his shoulders. He thinks fast
text: trying to reason with the old man.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Look, you can't just give up now.
dialog: We have to do what we can, and at
text: least warn the others of an attack.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
text: The danger isn't even out there.
dialog: It's in those tunnels.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Mirus looks at Neumann defiantly.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Martin told me.
text: Neumann can't hide his exasperation.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Your son's dead, Mirus. He died at
dialog: Normandy. You told me so yourself.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Don't look at me like that! I tell
dialog: you he talks to me.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: You're confused again, don't you
dialog: see? Martin is dead!
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: They just think I'm a crazy old
dialog: man. You all do! But there's
dialog: something about those tunnels. In
text: there, Martin comes back to me.
text: Neumann is just listening, now -- something about Mirus's
text: conviction which unsettles him.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont‘d)
dialog: Why do you think I've been going in
dialog: there for the past three weeks? I
text: go to see him. The tunnels are
text: like a doorway, for the dead to
dialog: come back.
text: Neumann can’t quite believe what he’s hearing -- but Mirus
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont‘d)
dialog: Martin told me to be careful; never
dialog: to let anyone else in. Tonight I
dialog: found out why. Tonight, when he
dialog: came back ... others came back with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM
text: Schenke and Krupp are proceeding in the same cautious fashion
dialog: as the other three:
text: Schenke leads the way like a prowling panther, visibly
text: itching for a scrap, and checking every side-tunnel and
text: chamber with alert anticipation.
dialog: 61.
text: Krupp, however, is increasingly unnerved, looking around
text: anxiously at the confined space and trying hard not to betray
text: a clear case of claustrophobia, which is growing as they
text: progress deeper into the tunnels.
text: They enter an unfinished section of tunnel, water dripping
text: from the roof.
text: After a few yards Krupp pauses to study the map, leaning back
text: against the shored wall as he again loosens his collar...
text: A CREAK -- and a stream of earth spills from the roof.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Christ...!
text: They freeze, coiled -- until the stream abates.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: Don't touch a thing. This place is
dialog: a death-trap!
text: And this hasn't done anything for Krupp's nerves! A deep
text: breath, and off they go again.
dialog: Along...
text: Through into another fully finished section.
text: Whitewashed walls, now. A steel doorway ahead and to the
text: right, with stencilled lettering overhead: MUN-R.
text: They take up position either side of the door. Schenke
text: reaches for the handle.
text: He pushes the door open and follows it inside quickly,
text: shining his torch around.
scene_heading: MUNITIONS STORAGE ROOM
text: Krupp is right behind him -- and he stops in amazement, his
text: anxiety momentarily forgotten at the sight before him:
text: A fully stocked ammunition store, abandoned and forgotten!
text: Row upon row of wooden racks, stacked with cannon shells and
text: boxes of assorted calibres. More boxes -- grenades, and
text: rifle and machine gun rounds -- piled in the corners. Enough
text: ammo to defend a bunker for six months -- gathering dust!
text: Schenke begins to chuckle like an excited child.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t believe it!
dialog: 62.
text: He’s like a kid in a sweet store; he doesn't know where to
dialog: start!
text: Finally, he crouches over a box of rifle ammo and begins to
text: prise it open with his bayonet.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: Come on, help me! Now we can fight
dialog: back properly. Now there's no
dialog: excuse!
text: But Krupp doesn’t quite seem to share his enthusiasm.
scene_heading: HEYDRICH, BAUMANN & FRANKE
text: arrive at a junction of several tunnels. They carefully
dialog: check each direction.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: We need to go left here, but the
dialog: other tunnels to the right will
dialog: still have to be checked out.
text: Heydrich massages his thigh gingerly, wincing in pain.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
text: Started bleeding again.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Look; you stay here. We'll check
dialog: the other tunnels quickly, then we
dialog: can move on.
text: Heydrich thinks about it for a second, but shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: That's stupid. We should all
dialog: stick --
text: Faint NOISE from up ahead and they're instantly alert, hands
text: covering their torches.
text: Baumann silently dodges across the intersection and begins to
text: creep forward, hugging the wall, crouching with rifle pointed
text: towards the sound.
text: Heydrich and Franke fall in at the other side of the tunnel.
text: SCUTTLING NOISE again...
text: Baumann SNAPS on his torch, rifle pointed -- and a pair of
text: rats SKITTER off into the blackness, SQUEAKING.
text: The soldiers blow out their cheeks in relief, uncoiling
dialog: 63.
text: SUDDENLY -- A human shape BURSTS from a side-tunnel ahead and
text: CHARGES away around a corner -- German uniform -- torch
text: waving wildly in its hand.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Christ!!
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Get him! We're behind you!
text: Baumann races after the fleeing figure.
text: Heydrich and Franke follow a few yards behind, covering
text: Baumann's back.
text: Baumann reaches the corner.
text: Quick look -- just in time to see the figure dodging around
text: the next corner.
text: Baumann runs the length of the tunnel. The other two still
dialog: behind.
text: Reaches the next junction:
text: Another unfinished tunnel. Several yards to the left, a side-
text: tunnel branches off -- a broken wooden barricade across the
text: mouth -- recognisable as the same location we saw during the
dialog: prologue.
text: Broken as if something had smashed it aside from within.
text: And from inside, the brief shifting GLOW of a torch -- which
text: then goes out.
text: Baumann gestures to Heydrich that the fleeing figure is in
text: the side-tunnel, and whispers urgently:
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: That barricade is there for a
dialog: reason. It could lead to a way out!
text: Heydrich nods encouragement.
text: Baumann dodges quickly to the far side of the partly-
text: barricaded tunnel mouth. Heydrich takes position on the near
text: side. Franke hangs back, covering them both.
text: They wait -- listening.
dialog: Nothing.
text: Baumann points his torch into the side-tunnel, keeping his
text: head out of the way, and flicks on the beam.
text: Nothing happens. No shots aimed at the torch.
dialog: 64.
text: So he peeks around the corner to have a look:
speaker_heading: BAUMANN'S POV
text: Crudely shored, claustrophobic tunnel which runs for
text: several yards before curving off into the blackness. A
text: huge amount of clutter and junk and wooden beams, casting
text: large black pools of shadow. But no sign of anyone.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Baumann straightens up.
dialog: Makes a decision.
text: Nods to Heydrich.
text: Sweeps quickly around into the tunnel mouth...
text: CONTINUOUS SCREAM as someone CHARGES out of the blackness,
text: SMASHING into Baumann and bulldozing him back out of the side-
text: tunnel and into the far wall, KNOCKING the wind out of him.
text: Baumann's torch clatters to the floor and the subsequent
text: STRUGGLE becomes a crazy pattern of shifting black shapes in
text: the weak yellow glow. The blind, hand-to-hand combat which
dialog: follows is rapid and deadly!
text: Heydrich leaps to Baumann's assistance.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: (at Heydrich)
dialog: Wait! It's Kreuzmann!
text: Heydrich hesitates at the revelation...
text: ... but the demented Kreuzmann seems not to hear, turns and
text: CLUBS Heydrich mercilessly with a length of timber.
text: Heydrich goes down -- out cold.
text: Franke leaps on Kreuzmann's back, grabbing the arm which
dialog: holds the club.
text: Baumann goes for the legs, but Kreuzmann is ready, spinning
text: around and KICKING out viciously...
text: then PUSHING backwards violently so Franke is SLAMMED
text: against the wall and shaken loose.
text: Baumann is into the fray again instantly, BARGING into
text: Kreuzmann and knocking him to the ground, jumping on top of
dialog: him and SHOUTING:
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Kreuzmann! It's us!
dialog: 65.
text: He still doesn’t hear. He SCRAMBLES free and runs for it.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: What's the matter with him?
text: Baumann grabs his torch and RACES after him, Franke right
dialog: behind.
text: They run him to ground within seconds, GRABBING him from
text: either side and PINNING him against the wall as he YELLS
text: incoherently.
speaker_heading: FRANKE (cont’d)
dialog: Jesus, Kreuzmann, get a hold on
dialog: yourself!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Kreuzmann! Listen to me!
text: Kreuzmann screws his eyes shut, panting furiously. When he
text: opens them again he's calmed down slightly, his struggles
dialog: easing.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: It's us. You're alright, now.
text: Recognition slowly seeps into Kreuzmann's eyes...
text: and he suddenly breaks down, sobbing.
text: Franke looks at Baumann.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Something scared the living hell
dialog: out of him; and it wasn't us!
speaker_heading: SCHENKE & KRUPP
text: have left the Munitions Room and are creeping cautiously
text: along a tunnel wall. Schenke is now armed to the teeth --
text: pockets and belt bulging with ammo and grenades -- and his
text: desire for a confrontation has increased exponentially.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: I tell you I heard something.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: If the others had run into trouble
dialog: there would've been shooting.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: I wouldn't count on it, knowing
dialog: that lot. They were probably
text: yelling surrender.
dialog: 66.
text: Schenke continues quickly to the next corner, listens for a
text: second to the silence, then peers around with the torch.
text: To the right, a wide main tunnel runs off into blackness. To
text: the left, the same tunnel runs up a shallow slope to the huge
text: steel doors of the main tunnel entrance.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: Cover me.
text: He's gone even before Krupp can get into position.
text: In a running crouch, Schenke dashes up the ramp to the steel
text: doors, and shines his torch over them.
text: The huge bolts are padlocked and rusted into place. A
text: smaller man-size doorway, set into one side of the big door
text: is locked and sealed. A mesh of fine cobwebs cover the lock.
text: He pushes against the doors with all his weight. They don't
dialog: shift a millimetre.
text: Puts his ear to the doors and listens...
text: Just audible above the gusting wind, the faint sound of
text: footsteps CRUMPING through snow. Then, incoherent whispers.
text: Schenke pulls away and dashes back to Krupp, perplexed.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
text: The doors are sealed. Nobody got
dialog: in this way. But there’s
dialog: definitely someone out there.
text: Krupp wipes his face, relieved.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: As long as they're not in here.
text: He shines his torch around the higher, arched roof of the
text: main tunnel, clearly more comfortable with the extra space,
text: and relaxing slightly. But Schenke remains alert.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: There must be another way in we
dialog: don't know about -- a vent; escape
dialog: shaft; something!
text: Schenke moves off along the main tunnel without waiting for a
text: reply. Krupp falls in behind, reluctantly, as Schenke
text: continues his rapid left-right check of the side-tunnels and
text: chambers branching off either side.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: What about the others? We should
dialog: wait here, where we agreed!
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: We don't even know if they’re
text: still coming.
text: Krupp is losing his patience.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: I still haven't seen anything to
dialog: suggest anybody's in here apart
dialog: from ourselves!
text: But Schenke is not listening -- frozen suddenly, and peering
text: around the corner of an unfinished side-tunnel. He glances
text: around at Krupp, gesturing with his head for Krupp to take a
text: look at his discovery.
text: Krupp moves curiously to the corner, and Schenke illuminates
dialog: with his torch beam --
speaker_heading: EBERT'S BODY
text: Spread-eagled horribly on the floor. Only just
text: recognisable. Covered in rats -- and half-eaten.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: as Krupp turns away, covering his mouth and retching. Schenke
text: almost appears pleased.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Satisfied?
text: Schenke heads into the side-tunnel, kicking at the rats as
text: they SKITTER away into the blackness.
text: Then he kneels beside Ebert’s body. Reaching out to look at
text: the wound at the side of his head...
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: Looks like somebody --
text: A sudden SPASM and Ebert’s body CONVULSES.
text: Schenke and Krupp JUMP, cursing.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: Christ!
dialog: (a pause, then)
text: Just a muscle spasm. He’s dead.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN'S GROUP
text: Kreuzmann is slumped against the tunnel wall, frozen rigid
text: with fear -- his entire body trembling.
dialog: 68.
text: Baumann crouches over him, trying his best to sooth his
text: nerves. But Kreuzmann's in no shape to hold a conversation;
text: he keeps drifting off into a world of his own, ranting.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: : got confused. Lost Mirus.
dialog: Then the others started following
dialog: me. Whispering to me!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: It's alright. I was left here in
dialog: the dark. I know what it's like;
text: the pitch blackness, the distorted
dialog: sounds. I was frightened, too.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: They’re in here. They’ve come back
dialog: for us!
text: Meanwhile, Franke has been tending to the unconscious
text: Heydrich, where he fell several yards away. He gestures now
text: at Baumann, and Baumann leaves Kreuzmann momentarily to join
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Heydrich's had a bad blow. Give me
dialog: a hand, will you?
text: Baumann supports Heydrich's head while Franke gets to work
text: with a field dressing -- glancing at Kreuzmann anxiously.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: (gesturing at Kreuzmann)
dialog: He's finally cracked. I don't
dialog: think he even knows where he is.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Could be delayed shell-shock.
dialog: Maybe he clobbered Ebert the same
dialog: way he did Heydrich.
text: They both glance over at him.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
text: is listening to their distant, incoherent WHISPERS...
text: but is staring beyond his present location...
dialog: elsewhere...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WASTELAND - DAY
dialog: Another place, another time.
dialog: 69.
text: A desolate stretch of bombed-out railway marshalling yard,
text: dotted with rubble and ruined sheds and disused rolling
dialog: stock.
text: A small, agitated crowd of German soldiers.
dialog: Confusion.
text: Kreuzmann, terrified, is being FROGMARCHED towards the other
text: soldiers by two black-uniformed SS GUARDS.
text: Somewhere in the b.g., someone is WHISPERING a prayer...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM
text: Heydrich MOANS, delirious.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: It’s no good. We need to get him
text: back to the bunker.
dialog: (gesturing at Kreuzmann)
text: Both of them.
text: Baumann looks dubious.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Easier said than done. Let's see
dialog: if Kreuzmann can walk himself back.
text: They leave Heydrich momentarily, heading the short distance
text: back along the tunnel to where Kreuzmann is still crouched.
text: Taking one arm each, they lift him to his feet. Kreuzmann
text: isn't too sure about it, looking blankly from one to the
text: other. Then they try to walk him back towards where Heydrich
text: is slumped -- back towards the barricaded side-tunnel...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WASTELAND - DAY
text: As Kreuzmann experiences another flashback. Still being frog-
text: marched by the SS guards...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM
text: Kreuzmann resists, pushing backwards with his feet. Baumann
text: and Franke try to force him, and he starts becoming upset.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: No ...
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Easy! We're going to get Heydrich,
dialog: then we're going back to the
dialog: bunker. You can rest there.
text: They try again, taking Kreuzmann's weight and pulling him
text: forward. His eyes focus on the side-tunnel ahead...
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
dialog: No!
dialog: He suddenly goes MAD!
text: BREAKS from their grasp, violently.
text: Turns and RUNS.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: God, not again!
text: Baumann and Franke try to catch him, but he's too fast.
text: Disappears around a corner.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Let him go. We can't leave
dialog: Heydrich.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
text: He's scared out of his mind. Maybe
dialog: something did happen down here.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Maybe we’d better check that tunnel
dialog: while we’re here. That seemed to
dialog: be what was spooking him.
text: They check Heydrich again quickly, then turn their attention
text: to the barricaded side-tunnel.
text: They step through the broken barricade cautiously.
text: Advance along the tunnel.
text: Checking each black pool of shadow, cast by the clutter all
dialog: around.
text: A SQUEAKING NOISE now becoming apparent as they follow the
text: curve around to the left.
text: Franke shines his torch down suddenly upon a carpet of rats
dialog: ahead.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: If there's rats in here, there's
dialog: got to be something else.
text: Then their torches begin to flicker simultaneously.
dialog: 71.
text: They freeze, worried. Shaking their torches to get them
text: working properly -- but they continue to flicker
text: intermittently.
text: Baumann and Franke exchange a glance then gingerly press on,
text: being careful not to startle the rats, which retreat slowly
text: from the advancing light.
text: The walls here are bare, not even shored with wood -- carved
text: out of the earth and left abandoned even before being
dialog: strengthened...
text: : and suddenly Franke CRIES OUT involuntarily as his torch
text: illuminates a wall ahead.
text: Baumann, too, shifts his torch beam up from the floor -- and
text: reacts similarly, recoiling in dread.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: God Almighty!
text: HUMAN CORPSES -- dozens of them. Ancient; half-rotted and
text: half-mummified. Suspended from floor to ceiling in the bare
text: earth of the excavated, crumbling wall.
text: And wherever they can reach, the army of rats are feeding off
text: the desiccated remains.
text: Baumann retches and backs away, hugging the tunnel wall.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Mirus's story. The Plague victims!
text: Franke covers his mouth -- a hideous realisation dawning on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Oh, Christ, that's it. Mirus!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: That could be what's wrong with
dialog: Mirus. Don’t you see; he's got the
dialog: Plague!
text: They shudder in horror simultaneously and involuntarily.
text: Baumann pulls out his handkerchief and covers his nose and
text: mouth defensively.
speaker_heading: FRANKE (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: That's no good! You get it from
dialog: flea bites! Rat fleas!
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: That's it; fuck this place. We're
text: getting out.
text: But before they can even move, something begins to happen...
text: As if triggered by their own voices, a faint WHISPERING
text: begins to emanate from all around them.
text: Multiple VOICES overlapping.
text: Unclear at first -- but as it becomes louder, odd phrases
dialog: stand out.
text: It is a WHISPERED PRAYER -- but far from comforting, in this
text: context -- quite the opposite. Coming from nowhere -- and
text: everywhere -- with no explanation.
text: Baumann and Franke -- both terrified -- don't need to say
dialog: another word.
text: They turn and RUN instinctively -- back around to where
text: Heydrich is lying.
text: DRAG him to his feet...
dialog: and get the hell OUT of there!
speaker_heading: SCHENKE & KRUPP
text: are also at the receiving end of the GHOSTLY WHISPERINGS.
text: They're quickly backing away up the tunnel towards the main
text: entrance, guns aimed and ready -- backing away from the
text: WHISPERING sounds emanating from the darkness.
text: Krupp is now really edgy -- and beginning to hyperventilate;
text: Schenke is frustrated at not being able to spot a visible
dialog: enemy.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: They're playing games with us! Now
dialog: do you believe me!?
text: Krupp most certainly does.
text: And as they near the main entrance, another disturbance makes
text: them SPIN around, even MORE alarmed...
text: a sudden RATTLING of the huge steel doors, as if someone
text: is trying to get in.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: They're everywhere! Back to the
text: ammo dump.
dialog: 73.
text: A flat-out RUN back to the Munitions Room, the ghostly VOICES
text: following behind them.
text: Schenke turns to stand and fight.
text: But Krupp keeps going, back towards the bunker.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: What're you doing?
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: We're pulling back! I told you
dialog: before!
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: That was before we found the ammo.
dialog: We can't leave it for them.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: It's too late, dammit! We can't
dialog: hold them off. Come on!
text: Krupp continues back, into the dangerous unfinished section
text: they passed through on the way. Schenke is still arguing as
text: he chases after him:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: We've got a responsibility here.
dialog: Let's stand and fight!
text: But Krupp shakes his head, no longer even trying to hide his
text: fear. Schenke stops, determined to go no further.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: Then I'll do it alone.
speaker_heading: KRUPP
dialog: You'll do as you're bloody told,
dialog: for once! Now come on!
text: Schenke ignores him and turns back towards the Munitions
dialog: Room...
text: and suddenly the WHISPERINGS are SHATTERINGLY LOUD --
text: seeming to press down upon them.
text: And even Schenke COWERS involuntarily before it.
scene_heading: FOLLOWING KREUZMANN
text: as he races blindly through the tunnels, BOUNCING off the
text: walls and around the corners. Enveloped by the
text: overpowering WHISPERS, and out of his mind once again with
dialog: fear.
text: Uncontrollably YELLING.
dialog: 74.
text: Around another corner...
text: and there's a light ahead.
text: Straight towards it at full pelt, still WAILING crazily...
speaker_heading: KRUPP & SCHENKE
text: turn in panic to face this new 'menace' as it races towards
text: them from out of the darkness -- a loud YELL getting LOUDER
text: -- louder now than even the other NOISES.
text: Krupp crouches with his gun aimed.
speaker_heading: KRUPP (cont’d)
dialog: Who goes there? Stop! -- Stop!!
text: But it keeps coming.
dialog: Closer...
text: LOUDER...
scene_heading: Krupp OPENS FIRE.
text: Schenke joins in.
text: FIRING repeatedly towards the approaching figure.
speaker_heading: KREUZMANN
text: is stopped dead in his tracks.
text: Jerking like a puppet as bullets RIP into him.
text: Still being riddled even as he goes down.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE & KRUPP
text: continue FIRING, unaware, caught up in the frenzy of the
dialog: moment.
text: But the POUNDING SHOCKWAVE of the gunfire is too much for the
text: fragile roof. A roof-beam shifts; earth begins to pour down.
text: Schenke SHOUTS and scrambles backwards...
text: ... but Krupp is too slow. A loud CRACK -- and the entire
text: roof CRASHES down on top of him.
scene_heading: BAUMANN, FRANKE & HEYDRICH
text: have stopped where they are, listening to the dying ECHOES of
text: the distant gunfire.
text: And then the sudden, oppressive SILENCE.
dialog: 75.
text: Baumann and Franke peer around, frightened and unsure. But
text: slowly getting a grip on themselves again, now the terrifying
text: ghostly sounds have abated.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: This is insane! This can't be
dialog: happening!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Maybe the old man was right about
dialog: this place.
text: Heydrich, meanwhile -- still supported between them -- is
text: drifting in and out of consciousness.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What is it? Are they attacking?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: We don't know what the hell is
text: going on.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: (to Baumann)
dialog: What do we do?
text: Baumann looks at Heydrich, his mind racing as he weighs up
dialog: fear against duty, friendship against responsibility.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: God knows. One thing at a time!
text: They hoist Heydrich upright again, and with a fearful glance
text: behind, push on as quickly as they can.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
text: is frozen against the wall, panting with the adrenalin rush
text: and staring at the nearby cave-in as the clouds of dust
text: begin to clear.
text: Krupp's feet are sticking out from underneath the huge pile
text: of rubble -- twitching violently and accompanied by an almost
text: inaudible, smothered SCREAMING.
text: Schenke does nothing.
text: Remains coldly immobile until the screaming dies and the feet
text: lay still -- if anything, annoyed that the faint noise might
dialog: have attracted attention.
text: He continues listening to the silence for a few moments.
text: Satisfied, he lowers himself into a combat-crouch.
dialog: 76.
text: Glides forward to the wall of rubble which almost -- but not
text: quite -- blocks off the width of the tunnel.
text: Listens again -- then shines his torch through towards the
text: bullet-riddled shape lying motionless fifteen yards away.
text: Silently climbs through the jagged gap and creeps forward.
text: Reaches the body, rolls it over and studies the face.
dialog: Kreuzmann!
text: For a moment, Schenke is curiously unmoved by the irony of
dialog: the situation.
text: Then he laughs.
text: A silent, panting laugh as he covers his mouth and sits back
text: on his haunches. Laughing until tears begin to drip from his
text: eyes -- and it's no longer clear if he's laughing or crying.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - ENTRANCE PASSAGE - NIGHT
text: Neumann has made his mind up. He marches through towards the
text: Access Tunnel, torch in hand, Mirus trotting along behind.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: Don't be a fool! Whatever the
dialog: shooting was, it's over. You can't
dialog: help them.
text: Neumann pauses at the bottom of the steps and glances at
text: Mirus with a curious expression -- a mixture of fear and
dialog: distaste.
text: Then he heads quickly into the Access Tunnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS TUNNEL
text: Again, Mirus follows along behind.
speaker_heading: MIRUS
dialog: What are you trying to do; impress
dialog: them? why don't you ever listen to
dialog: me, you little idiot. -- Neumann!?
text: But Neumann breaks into a trot -- not wanting to listen --
text: and vanishes around the corner into the tunnel complex.
text: Without his torch, Mirus can't follow.
text: He's suddenly alone.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
dialog: Alright, then! Get yourself
dialog: killed! For what?
text: After a moment he turns back towards the bunker. But some-
text: thing makes him hesitate -- draws his attention back towards
text: the blackness of the tunnels. He leans forward, peering...
dialog: Is that a shape in the darkness...?
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont‘d)
dialog: Martin?
text: His face twitches into a half-smile...
text: and he begins to hold a conversation with someone unseen.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont’d)
dialog: Martin, what's happening? I did as
dialog: you said; I kept away!
text: (a pause as he listens)
dialog: I couldn't stop the others; they
dialog: wouldn't listen to me. Tell me
dialog: what's going on.
text: He listens again -- and the smile drops from his face.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont‘d)
dialog: Oh, my God!
text: He begins slowly retreating to the bunker -- still listening
text: to 'Martin's' silent instructions -- his unease growing.
speaker_heading: MIRUS (cont‘d)
dialog: Oh, God! -- Yes. -- Yes, alright!
dialog: I'm going!
text: He reaches the door and hesitates just for a moment...
text: only to hear the faint sound of multiple FOOTSTEPS
text: approaching from the tunnels.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - ENTRANCE PASSAGE - NIGHT
text: Mirus jumps through the doorway and SLAMS the heavy steel
text: door closed behind him, locking the bolts.
text: He races quickly up the stairs, turns for the door -- and
text: realises the booby-trap grenade is still wired to the handle.
text: Someone begins HAMMERING on the Access Tunnel door.
text: Without further hesitation, Mirus runs for the --
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CREW ROOM
text: and straight for the Emergency Escape. Pulls the steel
text: hatch open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS TUNNEL
text: Baumann BANGS again on the door to the bunker.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Mirus! Neumann! For God's sake,
dialog: it's us!
text: He turns an expression of ghastly exasperation at Franke and
text: Heydrich behind him.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: I don't believe it!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUNKER - EMERGENCY ESCAPE CHUTE - NIGHT
text: Mirus drags himself through the short crawl-way and into the
text: narrow concrete chute which leads straight up to the roof of
text: the bunker, four metres above.
text: As he starts climbing the iron ladder, the wind HOWLS
text: overhead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUNKER - ON THE ROOF - NIGHT
text: Mirus pushes aside the snow-covered camouflage-netting which
text: covers the top of the chute. Cautiously pokes his head above
text: the surface, squinting to see in the driving snowstorm.
text: Holding a white handkerchief of surrender in his hand, he
text: begins to haul himself clear of the chute.
text: Something MOVES behind him.
text: A figure, approaching quickly and silently.
text: Mirus doesn't see until it's TOO LATE, and he's
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM
text: Grabbed from behind -- a knife at his throat.
text: Neumann's eyes are wide with fear as his assailant hesitates
text: then whispers quickly in his ear
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Shhh!
text: Schenke eases his grip around Neumann's mouth, but leaves the
text: vicious-looking commando knife prodding into his windpipe.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (CONT'D) (cont’d)
dialog: What the hell are you doing in
dialog: here? Were you looking to get out?
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: No! I heard the shooting. Came to
dialog: help!
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: What about keeping lookout, you
dialog: idiot?
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
text: There's a snowstorm blowing
text: outside. We couldn't see a thing.
dialog: Couldn't hear a thing.
text: Schenke is still dubious.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN (cont’d)
text: Mirus is still keeping watch -- but
dialog: I thought I'd be more help in here!
text: Schenke lets go, and Neumann looks around at him for the
text: first time: Schenke’s face is taut with tension -- his eyes
text: containing the first faint gleam of insanity.
text: Schenke quickly checks in both directions -- listening
text: intently to the silence -- then whispers urgently.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Are you really ready to help? To
dialog: do whatever's required?
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Ready to take on the
dialog: responsibilities of wearing that
dialog: uniform?
text: Despite his obvious fear, Neumann replies defiantly.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Then do as I say. Without
dialog: question. You understand?
dialog: 80.
text: Neumann nods, and Schenke quickly continues:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: They're in here. The Yanks. There
dialog: can't be many -- but they're
text: playing tricks. Trying to confuse
dialog: us. Pick us off one by one.
text: Neumann nods again as Schenke hands him a couple of clips for
text: his rifle.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: The Lieutenant's dead; the others
dialog: can't be trusted; so it's up to us.
dialog: We give the enemy nothing!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS TUNNEL
text: Heydrich is slowly coming around, taking a sip from Baumann's
text: water flask.
text: They're hunched nervously beside the sealed door to the
text: bunker: Franke keeping watch towards the tunnels; Baumann
text: wiping Heydrich's brow with a wet handkerchief.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: God knows what was happening.
dialog: Franke had an idea -- that we’ve
dialog: been hit with some kind of nerve-
dialog: gas.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Making us hallucinate. It's the
dialog: only thing that makes sense.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: It would explain a lot...
text: But there's an edge in Baumann's voice, as if he's not really
text: convinced. Franke, however, is sure:
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: It explains everything!
text: Heydrich sits up a little straighter, squinting painfully as
text: his befuddled mind struggles with the situation.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: And the others?
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Who knows? The shooting stopped
text: pretty quickly, then nothing.
text: Heydrich gestures at the bunker door
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: So what now?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: They're not answering. I think
dialog: they heard us coming and assumed we
dialog: were Yanks. Maybe they're just
dialog: scared and keeping quiet -- or
dialog: maybe they’ve already surrendered.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: In which case there could be
dialog: platoon of Americans at the other
text: side of this door, listening to
dialog: us...
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: or heading right for us through
dialog: the tunnels.
text: Franke wipes his mouth nervously.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Both, knowing our luck! -- The
dialog: problem is, if we are lapsing into
dialog: hallucinations, we can't be sure of
dialog: anything we see or hear. --
dialog: Anything!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM - MUNITIONS STORAGE ROOM
text: Neumann is carefully piling cannon shells onto a bed of wood
text: and sack-cloth, constructed against the base of a fully-laden
text: shell-rack. Schenke trots over, carrying a couple of broken-
text: open shell cases.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Wait a minute...
text: He pours some of the cordite from the shell cases over
text: Neumann's bonfire-type construction, then slowly backs away
text: towards the door, leaving a cordite trail along the concrete
dialog: floor:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
text: Alright. More wood and sacking on
dialog: top. Quickly!
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: What happens to us when this lot
dialog: goes up?
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Don't worry. We won't be around
dialog: here.
dialog: We've got other things to take care of.
text: Schenke smiles with secret amusement.
text: But, as if on cue to wipe the smile away, the ghostly noises
text: begin again -- very faint at first -- this time a distant,
text: unearthly MUTTERING and SOBBING.
text: Neumann crouches, horrified -- hearing the sounds for the
text: first time -- growing pale as the full reality of the
text: situation dawns upon him.
text: Schenke flattens himself beside the doorway, listening. He's
text: perfectly calm as he speaks:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: They're coming again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS TUNNEL
text: Franke and Baumann scuttle to the end of the tunnel, peering
text: around into the blackness as the MUTTERING draws nearer.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Dear God, what now?
text: Heydrich joins them; like Neumann, he too is hearing this for
text: the first time. He can't quite believe it.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Listen to it! It has to be the
dialog: Americans, trying to panic us.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: (to Heydrich)
dialog: So what do we do?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Blow that door, if we can. Now!
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: But it'll give away our position.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: (to Heydrich)
dialog: I'm with you. Let's try it.
dialog: . . 83.
text: Baumann pulls a stick grenade from his boot.
text: Gets a nod of readiness from the other two.
text: Unscrews the cap.
text: Pulls the loop of string to pop the fuse...
text: Tosses the grenade the length of the Access Tunnel, dropping
text: it smack at the base of the Bunker door.
text: All three pile out into the main tunnel, taking cover either
text: side of the Access Tunnel mouth.
dialog: Three seconds ... four ... five
text: BLANG!! and the sharp, deafening BLAST reverberates away
text: throughout the tunnels -- and even here, the lined concrete
text: walls and ceiling seem to creak under the strain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUNITIONS STORAGE ROOM
text: Schenke and Neumann listen to the dying ECHOES of the blast.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: That was the booby-trap! They’re
text: coming in from both ends, now.
dialog: (pointedly, to Neumann)
dialog: Are you ready?
text: Neumann nods, pale and trembling.
text: Schenke takes out his benzedrine pills, shakes one into
text: Neumann's hand, and tips the remainder -- five or six -- into
text: his own mouth.
text: Neumann pulls out a small hip-flask and offers it Schenke.
text: And this time, Schenke takes it. Washes down his pills with
text: a belt of booze. Neumann does the same.
text: Then Schenke crouches with his wind-proof lighter -- touching
text: off the trail of cordite on the floor.
text: As it FIZZES quickly towards the make-shift bonfire, Schenke
text: takes a final deep breath, hoisting his rifle.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (cont’d)
dialog: This is it. If it moves, shoot!
text: He leads the way out into the tunnels.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS TUNNEL
text: Baumann's torch bores a path through the thick cloud of smoke
text: and dust as he quickly feels his way, coughing and choking,
text: along the Access Tunnel.
dialog: 84.
text: He emerges from the fog to find the bunker door dented -- but
text: intact.
text: His face is a picture of despair. He kicks at the door
text: impotently as Heydrich arrives behind him.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Shit! -- If anything, it's jammed
dialog: in tighter!
text: Heydrich joins in, kicking at the door as best he can with
text: his good leg -- but it's useless.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: You bastards! Open up!
text: He gives up, slumping against the wall as a wave of dizziness
text: overwhelms him momentarily. Baumann stops, too.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Alright. Alternative plan. Can
dialog: you run?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Not much choice, is there.
text: They reluctantly turn away and scurry back to where Franke is
text: guarding the doorway into the tunnels.
text: The ghostly noises are still apparent -- and even closer now.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Dammit, that can't to be real!
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (to Baumann)
dialog: So what is this alternative plan?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Find Schenke and Krupp? Find the
dialog: main entrance? Take your pick!
text: The three glance at each other -- but none can think of
dialog: anything better.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM
text: as they dodge out of the Access Tunnel doorway and advance in
text: a well-rehearsed manoeuvre -- Franke setting the pace at
text: point, Baumann and Heydrich guarding their rear.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: This is some fucking Christmas,
dialog: alright!
dialog: 85.
text: And following them slowly all the way, the ghostly
text: MUTTERINGS of the unseen pursuer.
scene_heading: MUNITIONS STORAGE ROOM
text: The dry sack-cloth bed of the bonfire BURSTS into flames as
text: the FIZZING fuse-trail hits it.
text: The flames build quickly through the tangled lattice of wood,
text: licking at the brass cases of the piled cannon shells...
scene_heading: BAUMANN, FRANKE & HEYDRICH
text: Franke gestures for the others to follow as he advances
text: around a corner.
text: Baumann and Heydrich trail after him, still watching the
dialog: rear...
text: FLASHES from the darkness ahead -- followed immediately by
scene_heading: POUNDING GUNFIRE.
text: Bullets CHOP into the walls -- into the floor.
text: They scramble backwards in panic, returning FIRE.
text: Take cover around a corner, still FIRING blindly back towards
text: the unseen sniper -- until their guns CLICK on empty.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: I'm out!
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Me too.
text: Franke fishes one final five-round magazine from his pocket
text: Pushes it into his rifle with a trembling hand.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Last chance, then.
text: He FIRES once around the corner, then they RUN for it along
text: the side-tunnel in which they’d taken refuge.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE & NEUMANN
text: Schenke, in the shelter of a recessed doorway, lowers his
text: smoking gun and quickly changes magazines -- listening.
text: Neumann, meanwhile, is shaking like a leaf -- for this is his
text: first ever taste of running combat. Schenke hisses at him:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: They're getting away! Come on!
dialog: 86.
text: Neumann follows along blindly as Schenke breaks cover
scene_heading: BAUMANN, FRANKE & HEYDRICH
text: They CLATTER along the side-tunnel -- stealth now sacrificed
text: for speed. Franke is pulling ahead, but Baumann, dragging
text: along Heydrich, is unable to keep up.
text: Franke SKIDS to a halt at a junction of cross-tunnels, and
dialog: checks in each direction:
text: A moment of dreadful, realisation...
text: Far along the tunnels, high-lighted as just the vaguest of
text: flitting, ambiguous shapes -- figures seem to be dodging from
text: cover to cover -- in every direction. And the uncanny voices
text: continue menacingly.
text: As Baumann and Heydrich arrive behind him, Franke pulls back
text: his face ashen and fearful.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Christ, they're everywhere! We
dialog: don't have a chance!
text: Baumann takes Franke’s place, peering around the corner
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Where are they? I can't see...
text: But Franke turns to face the direction they’ve just come.
text: FOOTSTEPS are now rapidly approaching along their tunnel...
text: and Franke is moving to meet them.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: This is it. We’ve nothing left to
dialog: fight with.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Franke, wait...!
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Let's try to reason with them.
dialog: They can't kill us; it's Christmas
dialog: day!
text: Baumann's not convinced; he pulls Heydrich around the corner
text: away from the approaching FOOTSTEPS, looking around wildly
text: for other signs of threat -- his bayonet ready...
text: Franke continues forward, tossing his rifle aside and raising
dialog: his hands:
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: FRANKE (cont’d)
dialog: Enough! We surrender. Don't
dialog: shoot!
text: Torchlight BURSTS from the blackness ahead.
text: Franke stops, pinned like a moth in the glare.
speaker_heading: FRANKE (cont’d)
dialog: We give up! Do you hear?
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: I hear.
text: Franke is startled by the familiar voice. He drops his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Schenke! Thank God! Quick,
dialog: they're all over the place.
text: Baumann and Heydrich, too, are relieved. They quickly step
text: back around the corner, shielding their eyes against the
text: glare from Schenke’s torch.
text: The dialogue exchange is rapid:
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Did you find the way out? Where is
dialog: it?
text: Schenke moves the light away from their eyes -- allowing them
text: to see the pistol he's pointing at them -- and the rifle
text: which Neumann also has trained on them.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Nobody's getting out. Not them.
dialog: Or us.
text: Baumann can tell instantly from Schenke's expression that
dialog: something's not right.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Where'd you get all the ammo,
dialog: Schenke? What's going on? Who's in
dialog: the bunker?
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: What's going on is this: Krupp's
text: dead. So are Ebert and Kreuzmann.
dialog: And lacking a suitable replacement,
dialog: I've assumed command.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Jesus! What happened?
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: You three weren't at the
dialog: rendezvous, that's what happened.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Now wait a minute...
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Never where you should be, Baumann!
dialog: But this is the last time.
dialog: (to Neumann)
dialog: Take a look, kid; this is the
dialog: reason we're losing the war
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: For Christ's sake, Schenke, they're
dialog: just around the corner! Do
dialog: something!
text: But Schenke merely straightens his arm, aiming even more
text: deliberately at Franke's face.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: (continuing, to Neumann)
dialog: The reason we've been pulling back
dialog: for the last six months! Cowards
dialog: who won't bloody fight!
text: The tension is suddenly electric. Neumann, too, now sees the
text: way things are heading, and begins to shuffle nervously.
text: Franke pleads with Schenke.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: We've had nothing to fight with!
dialog: Just show us the way out, will you!
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Don't worry about the Americans.
dialog: I've taken care of that. But first
dialog: things first. -- Time to weed out
dialog: the traitors.
text: Baumann doesn't wait for Schenke to continue. He looks
text: straight into Neumann's eyes and addresses him.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Don't listen to him. Can't you
dialog: see? He's half out of his mind!
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Time to prove yourself, kid! They
dialog: don't deserve to wear that uniform.
dialog: Prove that you do.
text: Neumann looks at Schenke.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Do I have to spell it out?
text: Neumann looks at the others, wide-eyed -- his rifle still
text: pointed at them.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: (to Neumann)
dialog: Don't listen to him!
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: They're traitors and cowards! You
dialog: know the law. Shoot them!
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: I can't... I can't just...
text: But Schenke suddenly GRABS Neumann's hair with his free hand,
text: and SHAKES his head violently.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Damn you! That's an order! Do it!
text: Neumann is trembling as he aims his rifle at Baumann and
text: SCREWS his eyes shut -- tensing himself for the shot...
dialog: Baumann waits for it ...!
text: A terrific BLAST -- RIPPING through the complex as the
text: distant Munitions Room finally, inevitably GOES UP!
text: The walls SHAKE.
text: Schenke, off balance, lets go of Neumann and OPENS FIRE on
dialog: the others himself.
text: Franke is HIT in the arm as he instinctively CHARGES Schenke,
text: CRASHING into him and knocking him off his feet.
text: Baumann KNOCKS Neumann's rifle aside and SLAPS him hard
text: across the face, furious! Continues SLAPPING him back and
dialog: forth.
text: Another deep BLAST shakes the tunnels.
text: Schenke is on his back on the floor, scrabbling for his torch
text: and gun. Baumann shouts to the others:
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: This way! Run!
dialog: 90.
text: Franke and Heydrich help each other. Baumann grabs Neumann
text: by the scruff of the neck and DRAGS him away.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Not that way! The soldiers ...!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: I know what I'm doing! Come on!
text: And he leads them straight forward without hesitation, across
text: the junction and along the next tunnel.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
text: climbs to his feet, watching as the others escape into the
text: darkness. And he begins to emit, incongruously, a growling
speaker_heading: MOAN of frustration
text: ... as the distant explosions continue, almost drowning out
text: the ghostly mutterings...
text: : a deep, extended WAILING MOAN -- which slowly builds in
text: pitch and fervour into a long, furious, BELLOW of insane
dialog: rage!
scene_heading: BAUMANN, FRANKE, HEYDRICH & NEUMANN
text: are suddenly running through a NIGHTMARE!
text: Schenke's distant WAIL echoes around them and seems to
text: initiate an answering GHOSTLY CHORUS of horrific SHOUTS and
text: SCREAMS of anguish. Souls, literally, in torment!
text: The group is on the verge of going to pieces in fear and
text: confusion. They scramble recklessly along, covering their
text: ears against the SCREAMING and POUNDING EXPLOSIONS which
text: threaten to deafen them. But then...
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: There! In there!
text: And the four fugitives race towards a doorway in the tunnel
text: wall ahead...
text: and PILE inside.
speaker_heading: GENERATOR ROOM
text: Baumann bolts the steel door behind them.
text: But there's still no escape -- the blood-chilling NOISES are
text: in here with them -- even louder, if anything.
dialog: 91.
text: They back away and huddle together in a corner, covering
text: their ears and screwing their eyes shut -- quite literally
text: FROZEN with fear -- nowhere else to run.
dialog: It seemingly can't get any worse, when...
text: The CACOPHONY of noises begins to fade, and one particular
text: voice takes precedence -- a voice WHISPERING a PRAYER...
text: Baumann opens his eyes wide with an expression of horrified
dialog: recognition...
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Oh, Jesus! It is them!
text: The whispering overlaps into
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WASTELAND - DAY
text: Baumann's fragmented visual recollections of a horrific
dialog: event.
dialog: The same railway marshalling yard we saw before, but this
text: time from Baumann's perspective.
text: He and other members of the unit -- Heydrich, Franke, Ebert
text: Kreuzmann and Schenke -- are being marched towards an
text: isolated, bombed-out area by Krupp and the two black-
text: uniformed SS guards.
text: Ahead, an SS CAPTAIN waits beside a pit which is being dug by
text: a large group of prisoners -- themselves uniformed GERMAN
text: SOLDIERS, possibly deserters, stripped of helmets and
text: equipment -- who are working at the gunpoint of a third SS
speaker_heading: GUARD.
text: Some are working with spades, others are forced to scratch at
text: the earth with bare hands -- trying not to look at the
text: approaching soldiers, as if to deny their existence.
text: One prisoner is already kneeling, muttering the loud but
text: whispered PRAYER which continues relentlessly...
text: Now, the prisoners become agitated as Krupp's men arrive ina
text: broken line beside the pit. A couple of the prisoners break
text: down suddenly, moaning, muttering and sobbing.
text: As Baumann stares down into the trench with appalled
text: anticipation, the faces etching themselves into his memory,
text: one prisoner in particular catches his gaze, and stares back
text: with an expression of silent pleading.
dialog: 92.
text: Kreuzmann has begun trembling violently. He turns away in
text: mounting fear and tries to walk back the way they've come,
text: but the SS guards, laughing, trot after him, spin him around
text: and frog-march him back towards the others.
text: The SS Captain now seems in a hurry to get it over with. He
text: passes an order to Krupp, gesturing at the prisoners -- his
dialog: intention unmistakable...
text: And at this defining moment of truth, each soldier reacts in
dialog: his own way:
text: Krupp turns to his men and reluctantly relays the order
text: Schenke raises his rifle at the cowering prisoners.
text: Kreuzmann, in terrified, trembling submission, follows
dialog: suit.
text: The others are frozen with indecision...
text: The SS Captain SHOUTS the order again, increasingly angry.
text: Franke finally, reluctantly raises his rifle.
text: Ebert and Heydrich remain frozen.
text: Only Baumann actively revolts.
text: He turns on the others, knocking their rifles aside and
text: pushing them back from the pit.
text: Arguing with Krupp and the SS captain...
text: Heydrich now trying to hold him back for his own good...
text: And during the utter confusion, several of the prisoners take
text: their last chance. They try to scramble out of the pit.
text: Three or four even make it out. A couple run for it. One
text: rushes at the SS Captain, hands outstretched.
text: The SS Captain SHOUTS a warning...
text: Krupp shoots the would-be assailant.
text: Schenke turns and OPENS FIRE on the rest of the prisoners
text: mercilessly. Ebert, Franke and Kreuzmann fire almost as a
text: reflex, drawn in by the sudden panic.
text: The prisoners are cut down under the hail of bullets.
text: Baumann, still being restrained by Heydrich, watches in
speaker_heading: HORROR.
text: The GUNFIRE ceases.
text: But several bodies still twitch and moan from the pit
text: The soldiers stare down at what they've done.
dialog: 93.
text: Schenke coolly changes his rifle magazine, just in case.
text: Kreuzmann, weeping, drops to his knees.
text: The others try vainly to cover up their revulsion.
text: And meanwhile, the three SS men begin to amuse themselves by
text: pushing the heaps of excavated earth back into pit with their
text: As the earth spills down onto the pile of bodies, the ones
text: still alive begin to SCREAM
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM - GENERATOR ROOM
text: the same SCREAMS which Baumann, Franke, Heydrich and
dialog: Neumann are hearing now.
text: Baumann looks at the others -- and with the exception of
text: Neumann, each returns the same expression of horrified
dialog: recognition.
text: Neumann's expression is simply one of frozen terror.
text: The screams diminish again to a series of quietly muttering
text: voices -- the very essence of which is frighteningly
dialog: threatening.
text: Franke is almost losing it.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Kreuzmann was right. They've come
dialog: back! They're making all this
dialog: happen! Turning us against each
dialog: other!
scene_heading: TUNNEL SYSTEM - SCHENKE
text: As SHUFFLING feet seem to approach from the blackness
text: Schenke turns to confront whoever it is.
text: He appears perfectly -- almost unreasonably -- calm as he
text: addresses the unseen newcomers.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: I'm not afraid of you. I've got a
dialog: cross to protect me!
text: He holds out his Iron Cross -- and begins to LAUGH...
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: GENERATOR ROOM
text: An INHUMAN POUNDING begins on the steel door.
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: Is it Schenke? It must be Schenke!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Whoever it is, they know we're in
dialog: here.
text: Baumann is looking around in controlled panic.
dialog: Spies something.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (CONT’D) (cont'd)
dialog: Give me a hand!
text: A metal grille is set into the concrete floor next to the air
text: filtration unit. Baumann takes out his bayonet and begins to
text: prise the grille free. Franke catches on and kneels to help
text: him with trembling hands.
text: Yet another huge explosion SHAKES the fabric of the tunnel
text: system, and cracks begin to appear in the walls.
text: The POUNDING on the door continues, as if a huge hammer were
text: being swung against it.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Quickly!
text: They wrench the grille free, and Baumann briefly leans into
text: the dark horizontal shaft, shining his torch either way.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Alright! In!
text: Another BANG, and the door shakes on its hinges. Franke gets
text: into the shaft like a shot.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Which way?
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Either! Just go!
dialog: (to Neumann)
dialog: You next!
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: We can't just leave Schenke behind!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: You still think he's such a hero?
dialog: Because he wears that medal? Then
dialog: stay with him!
dialog: 95.
text: Neumann makes a hasty decision. Clambers into the shaft
dialog: followed by Heydrich.
text: Another HUGE BANG and the door rattles dangerously. Baumann
text: ducks into the shaft after them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VENTILATION SHAFT
dialog: A tight fit! Solid concrete. No going back.
text: Franke struggles ahead as fast as he can. The others crawl
text: along, head to foot behind him, already regretting it.
text: The POUNDING continues behind them.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: I can't see how far it goes. What
dialog: if it's a dead-end?
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: It has to come out somewhere. Just
dialog: keep going!
text: A final BANG from back in the Generator Room, and the muffled
text: CRASH of the door giving way.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
text: They're through the door.
text: Everybody shifts up yet another gear, scrabbling along as
text: fast as is possible on elbows and knees. Franke is beginning
text: to panic. His torch reveals a blank wall dead-ahead; a turn?
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Oh, God!
dialog: A bit closer. Not a turn -- it's a
speaker_heading: FRANKE (cont’d)
dialog: Dead end! It's a dead end!
text: A string of frightened, AD-LIB CURSES.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: It can't be. Keep going!
text: Franke scrambles the last few yards -- hoping against hope.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
dialog: Oh, God!
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Up! Look up!
text: Franke shines his torch upwards. An iron grille!
dialog: 96.
text: The others pile up behind Franke as he tries to push the
text: grille open.
dialog: No go!
text: And now something's coming slowly up the shaft behind
dialog: Baumann...
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: They're coming. Get OUT!
text: Franke and Neumann brace their shoulders against the overhead
text: grille and PUSH.
dialog: It won't budge!
dialog: Again
speaker_heading: PUSH!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM
text: The grille BURSTS open.
text: Franke and Neumann are out in a flash.
text: Heydrich next -- dragged out.
dialog: Then Baumann.
dialog: Half-way out when...
text: his legs are GRABBED from behind.
dialog: Is it Schenke?
text: He YELLS and KICKS himself free.
text: As the blasts continue -- tearing the tunnels apart behind
text: them -- they run for their lives.
text: And they're not the only ones. The colony of rats, driven
text: mad by the explosions, is running in all directions
text: scratching and tearing at anything in their path. Their
text: numbers increasing as the soldiers continue their reckless
dialog: flight.
text: CURSING and PLEADING with God for help as they go.
text: They try to go one way -- but the roof is already coming
dialog: down.
text: Another direction -- but a virtual river of crazed rats is
dialog: pouring towards them!
dialog: They can't go back -- only one way remains...
dialog: 97.
text: Forward, into the unfinished section where they encountered
text: Kreuzmann -- and back to the barricaded side-tunnel!
text: They freeze in panic.
text: Knowing it's a dead-end.
text: Baumann's mind is racing. Searching for a way out.
text: Meanwhile, the walls are crumbling.
text: Rats are scampering wildly all around them.
text: Jumping at their legs and gnawing at their boots.
dialog: It's a living-hell!
text: And just for good measure, Schenke's insane shouting begins
text: to echo towards them.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (0.S.)
dialog: There's no way out, Baumann! And
dialog: we're coming!
text: For some reason, everybody looks instinctively to Baumann.
text: And his expression shows he's suddenly thinking again -- a
text: ray of hope on his face as he digs into his tunic pockets.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: What do we have? Turn it all out
text: Everybody begins scrabbling through their pockets and
text: pouches, grasping at any last straw. Pulling things out:
text: Penknives; bandages; compasses; signal flares...
text: Baumann GRABS the flares from Franke, and pulls the folding
text: entrenching spade from his belt. No time to even explain.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont ‘d)
dialog: Come on!
text: And he rushes into the barricaded side-tunnel. Heydrich and
text: Neumann, who don't know what's in there, follow him in -- but
text: Franke takes a few steps and stops. Won't go any nearer.
scene_heading: BAUMANN, HEYDRICH & NEUMANN
text: rush into the chamber of horrors Baumann had seen before.
text: This time it's worse: The tremors from the distant explosions
text: are shaking the earth loose from the walls -- revealing even
text: more bodies -- their mummified limbs moving as if alive.
text: Heydrich and Neumann have a moment to react with predictable
text: shock and fear -- then their torches flicker and die!
text: A moment of blackness, accompanied by fearful SHOUTS.
dialog: 98.
text: A FLARE shoots out, bounces off the ceiling and into a
text: corner, CRACKLING as it illuminates the chamber with blue,
text: flickering light.
text: Baumann doesn't wait another second. Begins dragging sacks
text: of concrete mix against the wall containing the corpses
text: piling them up, yelling as he does so.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Help me! They can't be buried very
dialog: deep. We can't be far beneath the
dialog: surface!
text: Heydrich catches on straight away. Unfolds his entrenching
text: spade, clambers on top of Baumann's makeshift platform, and
text: begins DIGGING into the roof, corpses inches away from his
text: face in the wall. Earth begins to shower down.
text: Neumann manages to gather himself sufficiently to take over
text: from Baumann, dragging more sacks over to build the platform
dialog: higher.
text: And Baumann joins Heydrich, HACKING furiously up into the
dialog: roof.
speaker_heading: FRANKE
text: is hovering indecisively just inside the broken barricade.
text: Schenke's voice calls again out again, closer.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (0.S.)
dialog: Neumann? Where are you? Franke?
text: Franke looks one way, then the other -- trapped between two
text: equally unappealing options. He's hyperventilating. Trying
dialog: to keep himself together
text: BASHES himself on his forehead with the palm of his hand...
text: ... and turns decisively to confront Schenke, his bayonet
text: gripped tightly in his fist as he rushes back out through the
text: barricade.
scene_heading: BAUMANN, HEYDRICH & NEUMANN
text: Only now does Baumann notice Franke isn't with them.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Where's Franke?
text: He jumps down, tossing his spade to Neumann, and retreats
text: back along the side-tunnel whilst Neumann takes over digging.
dialog: 99.
text: Baumann’s torch is still not working, but he proceeds as far
text: back into the gloom as he can, calling out.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Franke? -- Franke?
text: There is the SOUND of a violent scuffle from the darkness.
text: Then a single SHOT.
text: And Schenke's voice, calling over the continuing RUMBLE of
dialog: detonations:
speaker_heading: SCHENKE (0.S.)
dialog: Franke died like a dog, Baumann!
dialog: And you're next!
text: A sudden ANGER surges through Baumann.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: I'm ready for you, Schenke! Come
dialog: and get me!
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH & NEUMANN
text: have dug a yard upwards into the already shifting,
text: crumbling roof. A huge clump of earth falls away suddenly
text: and the HEAD OF A CORPSE swings down, dangling.
text: Neumann SCREECHES! Heydrich is shaken, but instantly
text: continues digging to one side.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
text: is stumbling forward, bayonet in hand, towards the
text: approaching glow from Schenke's torch.
text: Suddenly Schenke is there -- framed in the mouth of the side-
text: tunnel. And in the blackness behind him -- only hinted at by
text: the glow of his torch -- is a suggestion of several ghostly
dialog: figures.
text: Their muttering, ghostly VOICES still unintelligible, but
text: they seem almost to be offering evil encouragement to the
dialog: crazed instrument of their vengeance -- Schenke!
text: Baumann is shaken to the core by the sight, but holds his
text: ground, trying to convince himself he's seeing things.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Put the gun down, Schenke! I'll
dialog: fight you! That's what you wanted.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: SCHENKE
dialog: Wrong! All I want is to see you
dialog: dead!
text: Schenke raises his pistol, laughing...
text: But Baumann aims quickly and FIRES OFF a signal flare.
text: It flashes like a ROCKET across the distance between them,
text: SLAMMING into Schenke's chest -- and engulfing him in FLAMES!
text: Schenke SCREAMS and staggers backwards out of sight, arms
text: flailing -- and once again his screams seem to trigger the
text: HOWLING FURY of the ghostly presence.
text: Baumann gets out of there as fast as he can -- back to where
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH & NEUMANN
text: are digging upwards like maniacs. Four feet into the roof.
text: Urged on the by renewed cacophony of terrifying voices.
text: The flare they're using for illumination is fizzling out
text: and in the strobe-like flickering of the light, the faces
text: of the mummified plague victims seem to come alive -- just
text: for a subliminal split-second at a time -- hinting at the
text: haunting faces of the soldiers shot in the pit...
text: Baumann FIRES the third and last flare into the corner.
text: Then jumps up to help Heydrich and Neumann, tearing at the
text: roof with his bare hands.
text: But something's coming at them again; DRAGGING itself towards
dialog: them from the darkness...
text: Baumann takes the spade back from Neumann. Kneels on
text: Heydrich's shoulder. Pushes himself higher. Digging...
text: . Six feet upwards. Hacking through roots, now. Earth
text: pouring down around him...
text: An inhuman GROWL from Schenke as he STAGGERS into the circle
text: of flickering light, horribly burned and smouldering...
dialog: Neumann CRIES OUT!
text: Baumann BURSTS through the roof! Earth and grass and snow
text: spill down as the storm above WHISTLES through the tiny
dialog: opening.
dialog: and Schenke CHARGES!
dialog: 101.
text: Baumann drops down from Heydrich's shoulder as Schenke
text: bulldozes into them, slashing indiscriminately with a knife,
dialog: and now totally insane!
text: Baumann GRAPPLES with Schenke, yelling to the others;
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: Out! Get OUT!
text: Neumann doesn't argue. Scrambles up through the tiny
text: opening, boosted by Heydrich.
text: Schenke TOSSES Baumann aside like a doll, and goes for
text: Heydrich, STABBING at him with one hand whilst PULLING at
text: Neumann's legs with the other.
text: Baumann DRAGS Schenke away. Pushes Neumann upwards so he can
text: crawl out. Tries to help the bleeding Heydrich back onto his
dialog: feet...
dialog: then all hell breaks loose!
text: The wall seems to SHIFT behind them, and mummified corpses
text: SPILL OUT around them, limbs everywhere -- which seem to
text: suddenly GRAB at Baumann and Heydrich. Holding them against
dialog: the wall! They struggle in HORROR!
text: Schenke is coming for them again.
text: The last flare is fizzling out.
text: The light spluttering and dying...
text: And behind Schenke, seemingly closing in to watch the kill,
text: is the line of ghostly figures -- fleeting glimpses of faces
text: and uniforms, strongly suggestive of the prisoner soldiers
text: massacred in the pit.
text: Schenke attacks again, and a grisly, three-way wrestling
text: match begins amidst the tangle of clawing, mummified arms.
text: Baumann is STABBED once in the shoulder. Fights back
text: furiously, partially breaking free from the grasping arms,
text: and trying to twist the knife out of Schenke's grip.
text: Heydrich goes for Schenke’s throat.
text: But Schenke pulls himself from Baumann's grip -- and PLUNGES
text: the knife into Heydrich's chest.
text: With a final, supreme dying effort, Heydrich grabs Schenke's
text: wrists in an iron grip -- and holds the knife into his own
dialog: chest, trapping it!
speaker_heading: HEYDRICH
dialog: (to Baumann, last breath)
dialog: Get OUT!
dialog: 102.
text: Baumann hesitates for a split second -- looking into
text: Heydrich's dying eyes. Schenke is struggling to pull the
text: knife free in order to turn on Baumann, RAGING incoherently.
text: Then, in one swift motion, Baumann grabs the last grenade
text: lodged in the top of Schenke's jackboot and CLAWS his way up
text: towards the opening above.
text: The rotting arms seeming to PULL at his clothing.
text: Trying to drag him back.
dialog: Neumann is calling from above:
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Grab my hand!
text: Behind Baumann, Schenke finally DRAGS the knife free from
text: Heydrich -- who falls over dead.
text: Then Schenke LUNGES after Baumann.
text: Pulling at his legs.
text: Raising the knife to strike...
text: Baumann grabs Neumann's hand.
text: HAULS himself up through the tangle of tree-roots.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST CLEARING - NIGHT
text: With the freezing storm ROARING around them, Neumann pulls
text: Baumann half-way out from the tight, crumbling hole in the
dialog: ground.
text: Baumann slumps to one side, still KICKING at Schenke's
text: grasping hands, STAMPING him back down.
text: He rips the cap from the grenade.
text: Pops the fuse.
text: Drops it down the hole.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL SYSTEM
text: The grenade drops at Schenke's feet. He KICKS it away and
text: tries one more time to SCRAMBLE up through the hole.
text: But he’s tangled in the gruesome web of grasping arms. And
text: now the ghostly figures, too, CROWD around, pressing down on
dialog: him...
text: The grenade EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST CLEARING - NIGHT
text: Baumann and Neumann are already running for it as a huge area
text: of snow-covered ground behind them SHUDDERS upwards from the
text: subterranean blast, then SINKS back with a dull THUD.
text: The storm continues to blow, piling fresh snow on top of the
text: cracked, uneven depression. Slowly covering it up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - ELSEWHERE - DAWN'S EARLY LIGHT
text: The snow-storm has abated, to be replaced by a slow, silent
text: shower of snowflakes.
text: Baumann and Neumann are huddled together in a shelter carved
text: from a snow-drift at the base of a tree, still trembling from
text: the horrors of the night as much as from the cold.
text: Baumann sighs wearily, puffing on a cigarette as he
text: approaches the end of a quietly spoken story:
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: some of them were still alive
dialog: when the pit was filled in. -- Then
dialog: we were sent back to the barracks
text: as if nothing had happened. All
dialog: part of the day's work
text: He sits quietly for a few moments, thinking.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: We told ourselves they were
dialog: Americans; enemy infiltrators.
dialog: But they were probably deserters
dialog: from our own ranks. Better for us
dialog: that we never knew. -- But in the
dialog: end, what's the difference?
text: Neumann sits silently, letting the story sink in. Whilst he
text: does so, Baumann reaches deep inside his tunic. Pulls out a
text: small, flat black box.
text: Neumann watches as he opens it up. Inside is an Iron Cross,
dialog: ist Class.
text: Neumann looks up at Baumann. He opens his mouth to ask
text: something -- but realises he already knows the answer.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Some people couldn't understand why
dialog: I stopped wearing it.
text: Baumann closes the box, PUSHES it deep down into the snow,
text: and covers it over.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: But there won't be much glory for
dialog: the wearers of those. Nor any
dialog: mothers proud of their sons for
dialog: wearing this uniform. If you've
dialog: any sense you'll save your courage
dialog: for when this war's over. -- That's
dialog: when you'll really need it
text: Baumann struggles to his feet with finality, forcing his
text: exhausted, aching body upright.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
text: It's light enough, now.
text: He trudges quietly forward towards a snow-covered ridge, then
text: carefully and silently crawls up to look over the top.
text: Neumann quietly approaches behind as Baumann peers through
text: his field glasses.
scene_heading: BAUMANN'S POV - THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: The frozen dirt-road and the bunker are visible through the
text: trees in the distance. At the rear of the bunker, several
text: green-uniformed American soldiers are milling around.
text: The unmistakable, grey-uniformed figure of Mirus is with
text: them. An armed guard stands next to him as he tries to
text: converse with an American officer. He's clearly nervous
text: sick and confused -- but, at least, alive.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Baumann pulls back from the lip of the ridge and turns to
dialog: Neumann.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Have you got a handkerchief?
text: Neumann shakes his head.
text: Baumann pulls out his own and gives it to him.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN (cont’d)
dialog: Here; wave it. Don't try to hide.
dialog: Just walk straight down. You'll be
dialog: alright.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: But aren’t you coming? After
dialog: everything you said...
text: Baumann shakes his head.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: BAUMANN
dialog: I can't get out of it that easily.
dialog: I have to stick it out to the end,
dialog: now. But for you, it's Christmas.
dialog: You've been given another chance. --
dialog: Now get going.
text: Baumann's voice is suddenly harsh, and Neumann reluctantly
text: does as he's told.
text: But after a few steps he pauses.
speaker_heading: NEUMANN
dialog: Mirus told me... he told me this
dialog: was a place where the dead come
dialog: back
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: But we didn't really see anything,
dialog: did we. It was nerve gas; made us
dialog: see things; hear things; drove
dialog: Schenke mad?
text: Baumann doesn't answer, and after a moment Neumann turns away
text: again and heads off through the trees, down towards the
dialog: bunker.
text: Baumann watches Neumann go -- then turns and trudges off in
text: the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST CLEARING - DAWN
text: The depression in the ground is covered over completely, now.
text: All that's visible is a smooth, white concave sheet of virgin
dialog: snow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND
text: Blackness. A muffled GROANING, as if someone has suddenly
text: woken. Then a shuffling panic.
text: A CLICK -- and a cigarette lighter flickers into life...
text: illuminating the tiny pocket of dusty air into which
text: Schenke is crushed under tons of rubble. Only his head and
text: one arm are free in the narrowest of cramped, confined
text: spaces. Burned, battered and torn but, incredibly, still
text: ticking -- for the moment. And, unfortunately for him, a
text: vestige of sanity and comprehension seems to have returned.
text: It takes him a second to fully recognise his predicament.
dialog: Buried alive!
dialog: 106.
dialog: And as if that’s not enough...
text: as the horrifying realisation slowly sinks in...
text: : he begins to hear a SCRATCHING sound. As if something is
text: beginning to CLAW its way through the rubble towards him.
text: Getting closer.
dialog: Rats?
dialog: Or something else...?
text: Schenke STRUGGLES furiously, but can barely move an inch.
dialog: Panic setting in. Can’t breathe!
text: The cigarette lighter beginning to sputter and die...
text: The scratching getting LOUDER and CLOSER.
text: until the tiny flame dies and blackness closes in.
dialog: Then Schenke SCREAMS!
dialog: im
speaker_heading: jz
dialog: jo
dialog: 
