text: LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT
dialog: by
dialog: Mark Haslett
dialog: Based on the film by Wes Craven
dialog: Revisions by
dialog: Adam Alleca
dialog: Current Revisions by
dialog: Carl Ellsworth
dialog: Midnight Entertainment
scene_heading: 11846 Ventura Blvd., Ste. 208
speaker_heading: Studio City, CA 91604
speaker_heading: 818/752-0197
scene_heading: EXT. ANYCITY, U.S.A. - THE DEAD OF NIGHT
text: Peering down from above onto this sleeping berg...
speaker_heading: DJ (V.0.)
text: It’s three o’clock in the morning,
dialog: ladies and germs, that’s oh-three
dialog: hundred in the a.m, so stay
dialog: frosty, keep your eyes on the road
text: and that dial locked and loaded.
dialog: I’m Ray Richards and I’1l be your
dialog: captain this evening on Red-Eye
dialog: radio 93.7 the Rage...
text: HEAVY METAL BLARES OVER OPENING TITLES as we take note of
text: the few lonely vehicles on the main thoroughfare. We're
text: interested in those two over there: a dark grey PRISON
scene_heading: TRANSFER van (DEPT OF CORRECTIONS stenciled on the side)
text: and a POLICE CRUISER following closely behind.
speaker_heading: MORTON (V.O.)
dialog: So the guy’s horny as hell, right?
dialog: But he’s only got ten bucks.
scene_heading: INT. VAN —- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS - MOVING
text: GILES, 25, a clean-cut uniformed cop, drives while
text: DETECTIVE MORTON, 40’s, suit and loosened tie, sits in
text: the passenger seat.
text: A dark silhouetted hulk of a FIGURE lurks in the b.g.
text: Handcuffed to the walls of his wire cage.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: So he goes to this whorehouse --
dialog: (re: radio music)
dialog: -- What is this crap?
text: He turns it off.
speaker_heading: DARK FIGURE
dialog: That was “Fist.” Their debut
dialog: concert, April 14, 1987. They
text: single-handedly ushered in a new
dialog: heavy metal sound by applying
dialog: traditional jazz undertones, the
dialog: appreciation of which is... sorely
dialog: lacking.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: That’s because it’s crap.
speaker_heading: DARK FIGURE
dialog: It’s genius.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: (resuming the joke)
dialog: So the guy goes to this whorehouse
dialog: and tells the Madame: “Lady, I
dialog: need to get laid right now.”
text: Giles titters in amusement, keeping his eyes on the road.
speaker_heading: MORTON (CONT’D)
text: She takes his measly ten bucks,
dialog: says it ain’t much, but she can
text: still help him out. So she tells
text: him to go in the first door he
dialog: finds.
text: Giles nods, taking a sip of coffee.
speaker_heading: MORTON (CONT’D)
text: So he goes in the first door and
text: finds a chicken sitting on the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: GILES
dialog: A chicken?
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: That’s what he says. But he’s
dialog: horny as hell, so after a little
text: soul searching he gives in and
dialog: fucks the chicken.
text: Giles chuckles.
speaker_heading: DARK FIGURE (0.S.)
dialog: Naturally.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: (doing his best to
dialog: ignore)
dialog: Rides the poor thing half to
text: death. Feathers flying
dialog: everywhere, right? So the next
dialog: week, he’s even hornier --
speaker_heading: DARK FIGURE (KRUG; O.S.)
dialog: Please, spare us the “next week,”
dialog: Detective Morton.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: (irritated now)
dialog: Spare you, Krug?
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Yes. Spare me.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: And why would I ever do you the
dialog: courtesy, you piece of shit?
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (nodding 0.S.)
dialog: Because we’re about to miss our
dialog: exit.
text: Morton looks back. Krug’s right.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Giles, this is it --
text: Giles swerves the van down the exit ramp...
speaker_heading: GILES
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You’re welcome.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: You in a hurry or something, Krug?
text: The figure leans forward, emerging from the shadows to
text: expose KRUG (early 30s), a handsome, muscular man with
text: cold, hard features.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Yeah, I’m in a hurry to eat.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: What, you think we’re moving you
dialog: to a friggin five-diamond Hilton?
dialog: They‘re still gonna feed you the
text: same maggot-infested shit.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Hmm. Well, that is disconcerting.
dialog: Sure you can’t drop me at that
dialog: Hilton?
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Pretty sure.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Holiday Inn Express?
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: In your dreams, my friend. In
dialog: your dreams.
text: This as the van approaches a red light at a quiet
scene_heading: INNER CITY INTERSECTION
text: Giles looks out, waits for a couple of approaching cars
text: to pass -- a station wagon and a heavy duty pick-up. The
text: station wagon innocently goes by -- but the
speaker_heading: PICK-UP
text: suddenly SWERVES AND RAMS THE VAN! FWAM! The truck
text: SMASHES into the front half of the van, spinning it
text: ninety degrees in an explosion of flying metal debris!
text: The cops in the cruiser behind the van throw open their
text: doors, jump out and open FIRE on the truck. POP POP POP!
text: The truck’s windshield explodes! The cops cease fire
text: only to hear the voice of a WOMAN 0O.S.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: ‘Scuse me?
text: The cops whirl around to see a masked woman standing
text: behind the open driver’s side door of the station wagon
text: that passed the van just seconds earlier! The gunfire
text: must have masked her approach. She levels a silenced
text: nine-millimeter pistol at the cops and FIRES two quick,
text: efficient shots. BAM BAM! The cops drop.
text: The woman steps forward, calls out to the smashed pick-
dialog: up:
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You alright in there?!
text: A quick, silent beat. Then --
speaker_heading: MASKED MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Never better!
text: The pick-up’s door pushes open, revealing another masked
text: MAN we’ll soon know as FRANCIS, early 30's. He hops out,
text: dusts off shards of glass from the windshield, makes a
text: beeline for the van’s passenger side door. Opens it to
dialog: reveal
speaker_heading: MORTON
text: groaning weakly in the passenger seat, blood leaking from
text: a severe gash on his head.
text: Giles is slumped over the wheel, motionless and bloody.
text: Francis reaches inside, taking Morton’s GLOCK and a pair
text: of keys, tosses them to the woman who quickly unlocks the
text: van’'s back-door and looks inside, her wide eyes nervous
dialog: and uncertain.
speaker_heading: MASKED WOMAN
dialog: Krug? You okay?
text: A beat. Then -- Krug sits up from the darkness -- shaken
text: but uninjured.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Neck hurts a little.
speaker_heading: MASKED WOMAN
dialog: (unlocking him)
dialog: Well don’t sue me, I’m uninsured.
text: As soon as the cuffs drop away, Krug RIPS the woman’s
text: mask off to reveal a 20ish hardened beauty. Call her
text: SADIE. Krug cups her face, gives her an intensely quick
dialog: kiss.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: (re: the smashed van)
dialog: Whaddaya think? Perfect timing,
dialog: huh? I do good? Tell me I did
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You mostly did good.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: (playfully shoves
dialog: him)
dialog: Mostly?
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: I told you, my neck hurts, Sadie.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Well, something’s gonna hurt a lot
dialog: worse if you keep critiquing my
text: handiwork.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Ooh.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: (then; with urgency)
dialog: c'mon, let’s get you outta here.
text: WITH FRANCIS - He yanks Morton out of the van. Morton
text: hits the concrete with a weak cry of pain, crippled by
dialog: broken bones.
text: Francis looks over, sees Krug and Sadie coming around.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Francis, where’s my kid?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Don’t call me Francis. He’s fine.
speaker_heading: SADIE
text: But still sad about his mom.
speaker_heading: KRUG
text: Then he’s the only one.
text: This as Krug grabs the Glock from Francis, stands over
dialog: Morton, taking aim --
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Are you gonna kill me?
text: A tense beat as Krug’s finger starts to depress the
dialog: trigger. Then --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Nah, I don’t have the energy. I’m
dialog: starving, remember?
text: Krug hands the gun back to Francis.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: (nonchalant)
dialog: Pull that trigger, will you?
text: Francis re-focuses on Morton -- and FIRES -- the
text: deafening gunshot is matched by a DEAFENING ALARM CLOCK
dialog: as we
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARI’‘S BEDROOM —- EARLY MORNING
text: A hand SLAMS down on the clock: 5:25 AM. Pan to reveal
text: MARI COLLINGWOOD, 17 and wide awake. Natural beauty.
text: Deep, determined breath, then -- she throws the covers
scene_heading: off -- JUMP TO:
scene_heading: QUICK SHOTS --
text: - Mari, slipping into swim suit...
dialog: - Throwing on shorts, tank top...
text: - Doing a set of quick curls with small, handheld
dialog: weights...
text: - Grabs swim cap and red-tinted goggles, tosses them in a
dialog: duffel bag...
text: KERSPLASH! Mari dives into a pool. We are...
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC SIZE POOL - EARLY MORNING
text: Magic hour. Sun just peeking over the horizon... Nota
text: soul in sight. Just Mari. She surfaces from the dive,
text: goes into a full bore butterfly, swimming all out. This
text: girl’s clearly intense and clearly has talent.
text: cU - MARI - in the pool - nearing the wall... increases
dialog: her speed... almost there...
text: She nears the wall, reaches out of the pool, grabs up a
text: STOPWATCH. Anxiously clicks it. Peels off her goggles,
text: eyes the result. Shakes her head. Disappointed.
dialog: A beat. Then --
speaker_heading: EMMA (0.S.)
dialog: You’1l do it.
text: Mari startles slightly, spins around to see her mom,
text: EMMA, 41, confident, fit, earthy good looks.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: I don’t believe you.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well, if it was somebody else’s
dialog: record you were trying to beat,
dialog: you might have cause.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: One more try.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Nope. We’re leaving.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Right now? But I haven’t even --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I already packed for you.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: But I still need to --
text: Emma cuts her off revealing the Starbucks tray and two
text: coffees she was hiding behind her back. Off Emma -- she
text: can’t help but crack a smile --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - ER TRAUMA ROOM - MORNING
text: On DR. JOHN COLLINGWOOD, 45, exhausted from a double
text: shift with the stubble to prove it (but it also makes him
text: more handsome than he already is).
text: He’s focused on a 50‘ish convulsing male patient, HADLEY.
text: NURSES surround the table, assisting. Palpable tension.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Goddammit, where’s that O-neg?
text: A nurse races in with the blood. John grabs it. Hooks
dialog: up the transfusion.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: Have the OR prep four more units,
dialog: tell them to stand by.
text: The nurse leaves.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re gonna be okay, Mr. Hadley.
dialog: Try to breathe normally.
dialog: (to nurse)
dialog: Five milligrams dopamine --
text: The nurse administers the shot. The patient calms.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: There you go, Mr. Hadley, you’re
dialog: doing great.
dialog: (to nurses)
dialog: Alright, let’s get our VIP guest
dialog: Mr. Hadley here up to the
dialog: penthouse suite pronto.
text: John looks down at Mr. Hadley who reaches out, trying to
text: mouth a thank you -- John nods with a reassuring smile as
text: the nurses wheel Hadley into the hall.
text: ON JOHN - standing there as the trauma room falls silent.
text: He exhales in relief. Scoops off his mask, runs a hand
text: through his hair. Looks up to see EMMA peeking through
text: the window in the door. She slowly pushes it open.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Emma, I can’t --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sorry, you’re off duty, Doctor
dialog: Collingwood.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But I haven’t even --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I already packed for you --
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - DAY
text: The Collingwood’s SUV negotiates the winding curves...
scene_heading: INT. SUV - DAY - MOVING - CONTINUOUS
text: Mari driving. Emma in the passenger seat, anxiously
text: flipping through a newspaper, on cell phone:
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (into cell as needed)
dialog: No, I don’t see it -- hang on --
dialog: I’m in the wrong section --
text: Emma throws aside a mess of newspapers. Mari smiles,
text: rolls her eyes -- Emma mouths “I know” as she brings up
dialog: another section --
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, found it --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Thank god --
text: Emma playfully squints at Mari. As Mari glances at Emma
text: we notice a sidebar COLUMN on the front page of the paper
text: Emma’s reading: KRUG’S MUGSHOT with the headline: INMATE
scene_heading: ESCAPES. TWO MORE SUSPECTS AT LARGE.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (re: ad in newspaper)
dialog: Yeah, I see it now. You’re right,
dialog: the price is wrong. No problem,
dialog: I'll have ‘em correct it and tell
dialog: them to forget charging us. Bye.
text: Emma flips the phone shut, stuffs the newspaper in her
text: bag next to a stash of magazines. Emma sighs.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You on vacation now?
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I’m on vacation now.
text: We suddenly hear SNORING 0.S. Mari turns to see John,
text: curled up in the back seat, still wearing scrubs (fresh
text: ones) and sleeping like a baby. Mari rolls her eyes at
dialog: Emma.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know.
text: Another snore. Emma nudges John --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Dad --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (acting groggy)
dialog: Whaa... purple elephant...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Are we there yet?
speaker_heading: MARI
text: Making the turn now.
text: Just as Mari slows to make the turn down a narrower side
text: road, she notices an old rickety sign posted across from
text: the narrower road’s entrance: THE LAKE ENDS IN THE ROAD -
dialog: 1 MI.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
dialog: Jeez, you’d think somebody would
dialog: change that sign.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I like it. Tells me the turn’s
text: coming up.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Fine, but it makes no sense.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Of course it does. You keep going
dialog: straight, you eventually hit the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: MARI
text: The ROAD ends in the LAKE. A lake
text: does not END in a ROAD.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (still lying in back
text: seat, arm over his
dialog: face)
dialog: Mari, stop stressing, you’re on
dialog: vacation...
speaker_heading: MARI
text: ...With the dreaded parents.
text: Exactly. Stress is foregone.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’ve got some good drugs for that.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: John --
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: It’s the last house on the left,
dialog: in case you forgot.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’s the only house for miles,
dialog: dad.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I was being ironical for god’s
dialog: sake. I’m going back to sleep.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Good, maybe you can dream up some
dialog: new material.
scene_heading: THEIR POV - THROUGH THE SUV’S WINDSHIELD - Mari turns
text: into a gravel driveway just ahead of a forest-bordered
dialog: dead end.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: We follow the SUV as it makes its way up the long
text: driveway until a two-story home comes into view behind
dialog: the trees. Decent size. Could use a fresh coat of
dialog: paint, but otherwise...
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: The place looks pretty good.
text: The SUV rolls to a stop in the back of the house. Mari
text: and Emma hop out. Take in the silence. Mari looks
text: around, eyes the GUEST HOUSE just off the driveway on the
text: opposite side.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT’D)
dialog: You guys fixed up the guest house?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: About three months ago, when you
dialog: were training... I came up and did
dialog: a few things before Uncle Dan got
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Oh, that’s right... how long did
dialog: he stay?
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: About a week. Him and another
dialog: couple...
text: John gets out.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (re: guesthouse)
dialog: Water pressure still sucks,
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: I don’t care, can I have it?
text: Surprised beat. Then --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (trying not to show
dialog: disappointment)
dialog: You want to sleep in the
dialog: guesthouse?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Of course she does, it’s the
dialog: perfect getaway from the getaway
dialog: with the "dreaded parents.”
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Hey, I’m looking out for all
dialog: involved parties.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: -- It’s all yours.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Thanks, you guys.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Thank your mom, she did the work.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: Okay, enough with the “thanks”
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (back to Mari)
dialog: Happy early birthday.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: -- Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - BEDROOM - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Mari enters, lugging a suitcase and her duffel bag. She
text: rolls the suitcase aside, drops the duffel to the floor
text: with a THUD.
text: She falls back to the bed. Eyes the ceiling fan. Deep
text: breath. Trying to let herself relax... to be still fora
text: -- nope, not gonna happen. She jumps up, heads to the
text: suitcase, starts unpacking... JUMP CUT:
text: - Mari hangs a couple of dresses in the closet...
text: - Takes out a jewelry box, picks out a few select pieces,
text: puts them on the bedside table... a couple of bracelets,
text: watch, and a gold-chain necklace. A small medallion --
text: resembling a miniature gold medal -- hangs from it. Mari
text: reads the inscription on the back: NEVER STOP GOING FOR
scene_heading: GOLD. - BEN (YOUR BIG BROTHER, REMEMBER? )
text: Mari rubs a finger tip across it... then sets it on the
dialog: table...
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - DAY
text: John and Emma carry their luggage through the kitchen,
text: into the living room through to the foyer and up the
text: stairs, giving us a sense of the home’s layout. At the
text: top of the stairs on the
scene_heading: SECOND FLOOR LANDING
text: John hangs a right, heads down the hall --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hey you --
text: John turns back, sees Emma still standing at the stairs --
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: How ‘bout you try bunking with me
dialog: for a change?
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Em, You know I don’t sleep, I
dialog: just... toss and turn.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Wait, wait, you misunderstood.
dialog: You can sleep anywhere you want.
text: John smiles, heads back her way. Emma stops him with a
text: gentle but firm hand on the arm.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m glad we’re here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (mostly sincere)
dialog: Me, too.
dialog: (trying to reassure)
dialog: We‘ll get there...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (gently)
dialog: We are getting there. One day at
dialog: a time.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah.
text: Emma smiles, then leans in for a kiss. John returns the
text: gesture. Then he drops his bag and pulls her in for a
text: tight, playful squeeze -- Emma giggles, pretends to choke
text: as John lifts her off the floor... then WINCES in pain --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ooh -- back --
text: Emma smacks him on the shoulder, thinks he’s making a
dialog: statement about her weight, but --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: Em, I’m not kidding --
scene_heading: EXT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - DAY - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Mari heads down a narrow path through the woods. It
text: leads to their boat house and private dock on the
text: sparkling lake beyond.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - BOAT HOUSE/DOCK - DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Mari heads on to the dock, pokes her head in the boat
dialog: house.
dialog: 15.
text: A small ski boat covered with a dusty tarp docked inside,
text: quietly bobbing on the water in this enclosed, floating
text: garage-like room.
text: Mari steps back out, heads to the end of the dock, takes
text: in the gorgeous scenery, the massive lake... surrounded
text: by dense forest, the entirety of its surface curving out
text: of view through the woodlands.
text: A few very distant houses dot its circumference with
text: large patches of wilderness between them.
text: A ski boat and skier suddenly race past paying little
text: heed to that “NO WAKE” BUOY anchored about a hundred
text: yards out. Mari eyes the buoy. She can’t resist.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY - SECONDS LATER
text: Mari butterflies full on for the buoy. Reaches out,
text: SLAMS her hand down on it. Turns her wrist over, eyes
text: her watch, clicks the “stop” button. This time, Mari
text: smiles.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - BATHROOM SHOWER — DAY
text: Mari attempts to cleanse her naked young body with the
text: crappy water pressure. But she doesn’t seem to mind.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT:
text: Mari turns the water off, yanks the shower curtain aside.
text: One end of the shower rod suddenly POPS loose and falls.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Shit --
text: Mari fumbles to put it back into place -- but the fitting
text: on the tile wall is coming loose, little bits of plaster
text: falling into the tub.
text: Mari finally succeeds in getting the rod back in place --
dialog: but barely...
text: She steps out of the tub, and very, very gently pulls the
dialog: curtain closed --
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mari slips into bra and underwear. Bermuda shorts, a
text: fresh lime green tank top. Pulls hair back, a little
dialog: make-up.
dialog: 16.
text: Eyes the jewelry on the bedside table, opts for the
dialog: necklace her brother gave her...
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - KITCHEN - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Mari enters to find Emma putting supplies and groceries
text: away. We note a small household FIRE EXTINGUISHER among
text: the items on the counter. We PAN TO REVEAL John trying
text: to pull the microwave from its dock above the stove.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: This doesn’t look like relaxation
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’1l be relaxed once I get this
dialog: friggin piece of pre-historic junk
dialog: out of my sight.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (a playful dig)
dialog: Is it plugged in?
text: John chooses not to hear that. Grabs a screwdriver,
text: intent on doing surgery on the microwave’s innards.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: He didn’t hear you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m ignoring her.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Do you need the car? I was gonna
text: head into town and see Paige.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh yeah? You talked to her?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: She finally texted me back. I
dialog: guess she works at her dad’s ice
dialog: cream store.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Huh. Well, good. Oh hey, you
dialog: mind picking up a few things while
dialog: you’re at it? I forgot some
dialog: breakfast stuff.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Sure.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Here’s the list --
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: By the way, I’m pretty sure I just
dialog: broke my hundred meter record out
text: in the lake.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, that’s great, sweetie. Did
dialog: you hear that, John?
text: He’s still focused on the microwave -- peering in at the
text: circuitry. He flips a switch inside the casing
text: somewhere. The microwave suddenly HUMS TO LIFE - with
text: the door still open.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT’D)
dialog: John -- it’s not supposed to --
text: John SLAMS the microwave door. Eyes them innocently.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Fixed.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (re: microwave)
dialog: Goodwill.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Keys please.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (taking out his
dialog: wallet)
dialog: I assume you need cash?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You assume correctly.
text: John hands her a couple of twenties.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT’D)
dialog: What about my tip?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I think you have the order mixed
dialog: up --
text: Emma grabs John’s wallet, takes out the rest of his cash,
text: hands it to Mari.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Have fun.
dialog: 18.
text: Mari smiles, pecks John on the cheek, heads out.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - DAY
text: A statue sits in the middle of the square, surrounded by
text: the modest church, a rundown mini-mart, an old
dialog: firehouse...
text: A smattering of local CITIZENS mill about in the little
text: shops as Mari drives the SUV up to the curb just outside
text: the mini-mart. She hops out, clicks on the car alarm,
text: steps to the curb. Approaches the window of a clothing
text: shop, eyeing the summer dresses...
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Those are so cute...
speaker_heading: PAIGE (0.S.)
dialog: Mari Collingwood!
text: Mari spins around to see PAIGE, 17, a stunning beauty,
dialog: even when wearing the required uniform of the ice cream
text: shop she’s leaning out of: neon pink apron, black slacks,
text: polo shirt.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Hey! Oh my god --
text: Mari crosses the street, hugs Paige.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
dialog: How are you? It’s been awhile,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I know, right? Like two years?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Close to that, yeah. And you look
dialog: fantastic --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Like the hair?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Oh, yeah, I really --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Tell me inside, c’mon --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You sure it’s a good time? I
dialog: don’t want to keep you --
dialog: 19.
text: Paige turns around to the very empty ice cream shop.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Oh. Well, yeah you’re right, I do
dialog: have to draw up a report on the
dialog: quarterly “crazy cone” sales and
dialog: get it to New York in time for the
dialog: annual stock holders meeting.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I can totally come back later --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Mari?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Get in the damn store.
scene_heading: INT. ICE CREAM SHOP - DAY - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Mari and Paige sit at the table by the window. Mari
text: takes a final lick of her mint-chocolate chip that sits
text: atop a squiggly-shaped waffle cone a.k.a. the crazy cone.
dialog: Mari considers it.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Wow. This cone’s...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: ..-pretty crazy, right? It better
dialog: be. So far, I’ve calculated I’ve
dialog: spent 184 and a half days of my
dialog: life making those things. So
dialog: you’‘re here for the...
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Whole summer.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: How are your folks doing?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: As good as they can be, I guess.
dialog: How’s your dad?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: God, he just had eye surgery,
dialog: everything’s detached, so he’s got
dialog: the bandage, the black patch...
dialog: he’s a mess, but you gotta love
dialog: him.
dialog: 20.
text: Mari smiles. A beat. Then --
speaker_heading: PAIGE (CONT'D)
dialog: (delicately)
dialog: Listen, Mari, I was so -- I
dialog: couldn’t believe it when I heard
dialog: about your brother --
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: Yeah, me neither.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I’m so sorry for not getting in
dialog: touch. I’m so bad about that
dialog: stuff, I just --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Paige, don’t even worry about it.
dialog: We‘re dealing, you know? That’s
dialog: why we decided -- well, actually
dialog: it’s my mom who decided to come
dialog: back up here this summer... to try
dialog: to get back to... I don’t know,
dialog: some kind of normalcy. You ask
dialog: me, this was exactly the place not
dialog: to come, no offense.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Hey, I don’t have a special place
dialog: in my heart for this hole. I’m
dialog: outta here, first chance I get.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I’m just an advocate for moving on
dialog: to new things... making new
dialog: memories... does that make sense?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: It does if you can do it. So you
dialog: should come over tonight. My
dialog: dad‘s at my aunt’s till tomorrow.
dialog: (with a mischievous
dialog: smirk)
dialog: Got the whole place to mine own
dialog: self, oh yeahhh...
text: Mari’s cell phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hey, mom. -- Yeah, I’m with
dialog: Paige. Yeah -- yeah, she looks
dialog: great, we’re catching up -- Say
dialog: that again -- you’re breaking up.
dialog: -- There you are --
dialog: 21.
text: Over the above, Paige’s attention drifts... she’s now
text: curiously eyeing something outside, over Mari’s shoulder:
text: PAIGE’S POV - A LANKY KID - walking on the sidewalk,
text: wearing a grey sweatshirt, hood over his head...
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT’D)
dialog: So, Mom, I’m gonna hang out with
dialog: Paige for awhile, probably go to
dialog: her house, so it could be kinda
dialog: late.
dialog: (then; for Paige's
dialog: benefit)
dialog: Yes, mom, if the storm’s too
dialog: intense I’1l just spend the night.
dialog: Yeah, and I’ll pick up the stuff
dialog: in the morning on the way home --
dialog: Okay, I will. -- Love you, too.
dialog: (hangs up; to Paige)
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: There is this semi-mysterious
dialog: pretty good looking unabomber
dialog: wannabe dude walking on the
text: sidewalk over there.
text: Mari turns -- sees the guy meandering along --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Do you know him?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (shaking a “no”; faux
dialog: western accent)
dialog: He ain’t from these here parts.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Neither am I.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: True, but you also didn’t cover
text: the same fifty-foot stretch of
dialog: concrete twelve times in five
dialog: minutes. We’re definitely being
dialog: surveilled or -- is that the right
dialog: word, “surveilled?”
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (still peering out
dialog: window)
dialog: It’s “surveyed,” I think --
dialog: 22.
text: Mari turns back -- Paige is gone. Now standing outside
text: the ice cream shop’s door, waving a crazy cone, yelling
text: over at the unabomber dude.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Excuse me, sir?
text: The guy looks over.
speaker_heading: PAIGE (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes, you, sir. Would you like to
dialog: try a crazy cone?
text: Mari watches the guy. He pauses.
speaker_heading: PAIGE (CONT’D)
dialog: On the house. You don’t like it,
dialog: I’ll give you your money back.
text: The guy breaks a smile. Mari eyes him closely as he
text: crosses the street.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ICE CREAM SHOP - DAY - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Our unabomber guy has now joined Paige and Mari at the
text: table. Call him JUSTIN. His hood pulled back now...
text: 15, messy hair, spotty teenage stubble... He jams the
text: rest of the crazy cone in his mouth.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: So Justin?
dialog: (off his nod)
dialog: Where do you hail from?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: (still chewing)
dialog: Okwahoma --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: You’re a long ways from home,
dialog: cowboy.
dialog: (amused, to Mari)
dialog: I always wanted to say that --
dialog: (back to Justin)
dialog: You just move here or something?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
text: We’re just passing through.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: And who’s we?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: My dad, his girlfriend, and his
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: What’s up with that? Your parents
dialog: divorced or something?
text: Justin shakes his head, staring at the ground.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: They were never married. I was
dialog: with my mom...
text: Paige glances at Mari, amused at the boy’s shyness.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: So they get turns with you? I did
dialog: that with my parents for awhile.
dialog: It sucks monkey nuts. What did
dialog: your mom --
text: Justin looks up, meeting Paige’s eyes for the first time.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: She died.
text: Paige and Mari are immediately given pause by this,
text: looking guilty. Awkward beat. Then:
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Alright, this is gonna sound tacky
dialog: and awful, but... I’ve had enough
dialog: death for one day...
dialog: (to Mari)
dialog: No offense.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: None taken, believe me.
dialog: (then, to Justin)
dialog: We’re very sorry.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: That’s cool.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: So let’s start over. I’m Paige
dialog: and this is Mari with an “i” not
dialog: the more traditional “y.”
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Hi Mari with an “i.”
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: So where are you staying on your
dialog: pass through town, Justin?
text: Justin gestures up the road.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: The uh... the Meadow something --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Meadowlark.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Yeah, that’s it.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Did Bridgette cut you a deal?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: I don’t know --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Well, I’‘11 call her and kick her
text: ass til she does.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Okay... thanks...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: So have you smoked any good shit
dialog: lately, Justin?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Paige, Jesus...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: What? I’m sorry, did that offend
dialog: you, Justin?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: No, not at all.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: But why would you ask him that --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Well, Mari, I know it’s not PC
dialog: these days, but in all candor, he
dialog: just fits the profile.
text: Mari can’t believe it, puts her hand to her forehead.
text: Justin, on the other hand, breaks an amused smile and a
dialog: little chuckle.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: PAIGE (CONT’D)
text: Now he’s laughing. Even better.
dialog: Why are you laughing, Justin?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Because you're... you say what
dialog: you‘re thinking... you just... let
dialog: it fly...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Damn right I do, and look what
dialog: that gung-ho shit’s gotten me.
dialog: Five eighty-five an hour, three
text: black polos and a pink apron. Two
dialog: more months I get bumped up to
dialog: green.
text: Now Mari’s laughing.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: (nearly inaudible)
dialog: Well, that’s not all it could get
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Say again, sweetie?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: That’s not all it could get you.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Yeah? What else could it get me?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: What you’re looking for. I got
dialog: some back at our room.
text: Paige and Mari exchange glances. Mari’s clearly getting
text: less and less interested. Paige is very interested.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: That a fact. What about the rest
dialog: of your posse? Would they
dialog: approve?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Probably not, but they’re out for
dialog: awhile. It’s my dad’s. He’s got
dialog: a lot --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Well, we don’t really need a lot.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Then he really won't miss it --
dialog: 26.
text: Paige smiles. She’s in to this kid. Turns to Mari.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Then I guess it’s closing time.
dialog: Saddle up, Mari, you’re driving.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: Listen, Paige... this... this
dialog: isn’t what I do anymore...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Then just give us a quick lift
dialog: there. It’s two minutes. Justin
dialog: and me’1ll race in, get the stuff
dialog: and get out. You can keep the car
dialog: running.
text: off Mari -- not liking this a bit -- but relenting...
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOWLARK MOTOR LODGE - DAY - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Mari‘s SUV is the only car parked in the circular drive
text: of this run-down lodge. Paige and Justin hop out amidst
text: stronger gusts of wind and a distant ROLL of thunder.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (to Mari through
dialog: window)
text: Two minutes.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: One would be better!
text: Paige smiles as she grabs Justin’s hand and leads him
text: toward the rooms.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: 14. Over here.
text: WITH MARI - HER POV - Paige and Justin disappear inside
text: the room, partially closing the door behind them...
text: Mari watches intently. Then nervously shuffles through
text: radio stations. All static. Checks her cell phone. No
dialog: signal.
text: Another beat. No movement from the room. Mari shakes
text: her head. Eyes fall on the grocery list. Picks it up,
dialog: studies it: Milk, Orange juice, eggs...
dialog: 27.
text: Mari looks back toward the room. Still nothing. She
text: exhales, more frustrated. Turns to get out of the SUV
dialog: just as --
speaker_heading: A HAND
text: Suddenly RAPS on the window! WHACK WHACK WHACK! Scaring
dialog: the shit out of us. But it’s just the old lady MAID.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Sorry! So sorry, ma‘am.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: That’s okay -- that’s --
text: A shaken Mari realizes she’s still in the car talking
text: through the window. The maid can’t hear her. Mari opens
text: the door, steps out into the windstorm. The Maid holds
text: up a room key.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: I find. This belong you?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: No, no. Sorry.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Is okay. Sorry I scare.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: You’re fine.
text: The maid smiles, pockets the key, pushes her cart away
text: across the lot, disappears behind the motel office.
text: Mari turns back, heads down the walkway. As she
text: approaches, we note the LOCAL newspaper lying outside the
text: door: KRUG‘S MUG SHOT IS PLASTERED ON THE FRONT PAGE with
text: the headline: “FUGITIVE ON THE LOOSE.” We TILT UP as
text: Mari knocks on the door and pushes her way into...
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: ...-where we reveal Justin and Paige sitting on the bed,
dialog: smoking a j.-
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: What the hell you two?
text: They look over. Not too bothered at the intrusion.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Mari, Justin wasn’t bullshitting.
dialog: This is some premium shit.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: I’m happy for you. I’m leaving.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: No, Mari --
text: Mari turns back.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: Paige, I told you. I’m not in to
dialog: this anymore. It’s fine, you two
dialog: hang out, I’1ll catch up with you
dialog: later. I’m here three months --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: No, screw that, we’re going.
dialog: We’re going -- where’s my purse --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: How could you have lost your purse
dialog: already --
text: As Mari helps Paige root for her purse, Justin looks up
dialog: to see
scene_heading: KRUG, SADIE, AND FRANCIS
text: Step into the doorway, carrying bags of groceries.
text: Justin’s eyes go wide --
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Shit --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (finding the purse)
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (to Mari, still not
dialog: seeing Krug et al)
dialog: You‘1ll give me a ride home still,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: KRUG (0.S.)
dialog: Sure she can. It’s no problem.
text: Mari and Paige whirl around.
scene_heading: KRUG, FRANCIS, AND SADIE
text: are still standing in the doorway, their eyes scanning
text: the faces of the people they didn’t expect to be here.
dialog: Justin... Paige... Mari...
dialog: 29.
text: Note: Krug has the newspaper from outside tucked under
text: his arm.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: What the hell is this?
dialog: (to Justin; re: Mari
dialog: and Paige)
dialog: What the fuck did you do?
text: Over this, a strong gust of wind blows through the room.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Francis?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: There’s a draft.
text: Francis SLAMS the door shut. Krug turns back, glares
text: daggers at Justin.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Clearly you got your brains from
dialog: your mother --
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Dad, I just brought them back here
dialog: for some weed. You weren’t
dialog: supposed to be here --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Surprise.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: We're sorry. We were just
dialog: leaving.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Whatever for? Stay, please. Who
dialog: are these lovely ladies, Justin?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Paige. Paige and -- and --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: He forgot your name, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Mari.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Mari. I’m Krug, this is Francis,
dialog: but call him Frank... and my
dialog: girlfriend, Sadie.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: That’s a nice ride you got out
dialog: there. Yours?
text: Mari nods.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Nice. How’d you afford it?
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: I didn’t -- I didn’t buy it.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: So it’s Mommy and Daddy's?
text: Mari eyes them a beat. Clearly sensing the trouble
dialog: brewing.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Yes.
text: Sadie eyes Mari in amused disgust.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: I like that necklace, too. Your
dialog: parents just give you everything
dialog: your little heart desires I bet,
dialog: don’t they?
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Sadie, manners. Don’t rush to
dialog: judge. It’s rude.
dialog: (back to Mari; re:
dialog: Sadie)
dialog: She’s been stressing a little this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: I think we have good reason --
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: We sure as hell do.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (seeing Mari and
dialog: Paige’s questioning
dialog: looks )
dialog: I’m sorry Mari and Paige.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 30.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: What they’re referring to is the
dialog: fact my son here has unknowingly
dialog: or unwittingly or just very
dialog: stupidly backed us all into
dialog: somewhat of a... corner... here.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: We only smoked half of one -- we
dialog: can pay you.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: We have money.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: I don’t doubt that, Mari, but it’s
dialog: not quite that simple...
text: Krug nonchalantly holds up the newspaper, points to his
dialog: photo:
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Good looking guy, don’t you think?
text: Paige and Mari’s eyes widen. Justin looks at his father
text: in disbelief.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: What -- what is that? What did
dialog: you do now?
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Well, oh son of mine, your old man
dialog: got himself in a few more spots of
text: trouble in his absence.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Jesus Christ...
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: +.-our Lord and Savior wasn’t
dialog: gonna help me this time, Paige, so
dialog: I had to resort to other means of
dialog: redemption which Sadie and Francis
dialog: here were kind enough to
dialog: facilitate.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Listen, Mr. Krug --
text: Krug, Francis and Sadie chuckle at that --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Krug’s my first name, sweetheart.
dialog: But I still appreciate you being
dialog: polite. It’ll getcha places.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: This is clearly none of our
dialog: business. We won’t --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Won‘t what?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: This isn’t our business --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: So you’re saying it’s a private
dialog: matter.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: So even though my mug’s now
text: plastered all over the front page
dialog: of every newspaper on every street
dialog: corner of this shithole little
dialog: berg, what you’re really saying
dialog: is...
dialog: Mari’s frozen -- Krug presses:
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: I’m saying... we won’t tell
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Ah, you won’t rat us out. I don’t
dialog: know, Frank, you believe her?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Yeah, I think maybe I do.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: I don’t.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Well, you should. We don’t care.
dialog: We don’t give a shit, really --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Calm down, Paige.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: But I swear we won’t --
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Paige, shush.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: What do you wanna do, Krug?
text: A beat. Krug stares at Mari in intense, unreadable
text: silence for a moment. Mari swallows nervously as Paige
text: looks ill and Justin looks worried.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: I want Mari to give me her keys.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Cool, that’1ll solve our car
dialog: issues.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (explaining to Mari)
dialog: We blew a head gasket on the way
dialog: back.
text: Mari instantly reaches in her pocket, hands them over.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: It’s yours.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: I accept.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: So we can leave now? You can just
dialog: take the car and we're not gonna
dialog: say anything --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Sorry, Paige. We can’t take that
dialog: chance.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: What --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Paige, just stay calm.
text: But Paige is way beyond it now. Trembling. Eyes darting
text: to -- the bathroom. Beckoning. Is there light coming
dialog: from a window inside?
text: A tense beat -- and then -- Paige bolts!
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Goddammit!
dialog: 34.
text: Francis is closest. He barrels after Paige who SLAMS and
text: LOCKS the bathroom door in his face.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Paige heads for the small window next to the shower.
text: Hands shaking as she tries to lift it. But this thing
dialog: hasn’t been opened in years.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
text: HELP! HELP US SOMEBODY! !
text: She fumbles for her cell phone as --
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BATHROOM - FRANCIS
text: Tries to bust down the door. No go. He turns to Krug
text: who tosses him Sadie’s silenced PISTOL. Francis FIRES it
dialog: into the lock --
speaker_heading: WITH PAIGE
text: Cell phone pressed to her ear, using her other hand to
text: force the dry-rotted window open a couple of inches,
text: still SCREAMING as
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
text: Suddenly SLAMS through the door --
speaker_heading: PAIGE (CONT’D)
dialog: No! No!!
text: Francis grabs a fistful of Paige’s hair, yanks her back
text: and SLAMS her forehead into the edge of the sink. She
text: drops to the floor. Out cold.
text: Francis stands there, trembling from the adrenaline rush.
text: ON KRUG - turning to Sadie who’s still peeking out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Not that I can see.
text: Krug turns back, locks eyes with the silent Mari who’s
text: trying her best to keep calm, the tears in check.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Thanks for being cool about this,
dialog: Mari.
dialog: 35.
text: Krug shifts his gaze back to Francis as he steps out from
dialog: the bathroom.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s going on in there?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Knocked her silly, but she’s
text: coming around.
text: Krug tosses the car keys to Francis.
speaker_heading: KRUG
text: Back Mari’s SUV up to the door,
dialog: close as you can.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: (re: Mari & Paige)
dialog: Shouldn’t we ask them if somebody
dialog: will be looking for them?
speaker_heading: KRUG
text: Like worried mommies and daddies,
dialog: ex-boyfriends...
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Yeah, like that.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (shaking a “no”)
dialog: I think that’s a given, Sade. The
dialog: only thing it changes is our
dialog: average speed the hell out of
dialog: here.
text: Francis heads out the door. Sadie starts throwing their
text: stuff into grocery bags as Krug turns back to Mari who’s
text: now glaring at Justin. Justin feels her stare but
text: refuses to make eye contact. Krug observes this:
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: No, you look at her Justin.
text: No movement. Krug gets up, grabs Justin’s chin -- hard --
text: gets in his son’s face:
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, there’s a lot of
dialog: different kinds of days that come
dialog: out of nowhere that force you to
dialog: grow up. You might think it’s the
dialog: day your mom met her maker, but
dialog: let me assure you, my son, that
dialog: pales in comparison to this day.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT’D)
dialog: I’1l let that pre-pubescent brain
dialog: of yours try to figure out why.
dialog: But in the meantime, I'll give you
text: a clue. LOOK AT HER.
text: Krug viciously yanks Justin’s head toward Mari.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT’D)
dialog: Look at --
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Okay, okay --
text: Justin eyes Mari. A tear streams down his face as his
text: eyes shift back to his father.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Just let them --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Ahhp -- what did I say?
text: off this, Krug nearly squeezing the life out of Justin
text: through his jaw bone -- as we hear another distant ROLL
text: OF THUNDER...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - MOMENTS LATER
text: The SUV drives down a winding forest road.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - MOVING - CONTINUOUS
text: Krug drives with Justin in the passenger seat. In the
text: back, Mari and a still groggy Paige -- a gash on her
text: forehead -- sit crunched between Sadie and Francis,
text: random possessions piled messily behind them.
text: Silence. Krug looks over at Justin.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Put your seat-belt on.
text: Justin obeys.
text: KRUG’S POV - Seen in the rearview mirror, another SUV,
text: passing them.
text: Mari yearningly watches it go by out the side-window.
text: A MOTHER and FATHER (30s) are in the front. As the SUV
text: starts to get ahead of them, a cute LITTLE GIRL looks out
text: the back window.
dialog: 37.
text: Mari and the Little Girl lock eyes. The Girl smiles.
text: Mari instinctively manages a weak smile in return.
text: The other SUV speeds away, taking Mari’s view of the
text: Little Girl with it. She stares after it wistfully, her
text: smile fading.
text: Her gaze shifts back to the car and she notices the
text: backseat’s CIGARETTE LIGHTER by the cup-holders in front
text: of her. Stares at it.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. FOREST ROAD/SUV - MOMENTS LATER
text: The SUV approaches a fork in the road...
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Left, right?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Right meaning “correct” or right
dialog: meaning “go right?”
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: No, the way to the park entrance
dialog: is left. Right takes you to the
dialog: lake.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You‘re sure?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Pretty much.
text: Krug glares, not satisfied.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: I coulda swore it was right, Krug.
text: ON MARI - she’s been taking this all in -- her mind
text: racing -- she finally opts to speak up --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (to Krug)
dialog: No, left is correct.
dialog: (off their glares)
dialog: I’ve been coming here for years.
dialog: The way to the national park...
dialog: the National Forest Park? -- If
dialog: that’s what you meant --
dialog: 38.
dialog: Over the above, Mari inches
speaker_heading: HER FOOT
text: up and presses the cigarette lighter in.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: It is what I meant.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Then you need to go left.
text: Krug studies Mari’s face in the rearview. She looks
dialog: sincere enough -- if not, it’s a damn good bluff. A
text: beat. Then -- Krug turns left.
text: CU - MARI - her face betrays the slightest hint of “holy
dialog: shit, he bought it.”
text: Her eyes FLICK back to that cigarette lighter as an
text: impenetrable wall of trees stream by on either side of
dialog: the vehicle.
text: She swallows anxiously and looks out the window, sees
dialog: something O.S. that we DON’T SEE.
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
dialog: (mouthing to herself)
dialog: Shit --
dialog: (mouthing to the
dialog: cigarette lighter)
dialog: Come -- on --
text: PLINK. The cigarette lighter POPS OUT -- ready --
text: Mari instantly snatches it before Sadie can react and
text: JAMS the burning hot end into her face!
text: Sadie SCREAMS IN PAIN and recoils against the seat as
text: Mari fumbles to climb over her, opening the door --
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: Fuck!
text: Francis hurls himself across Paige and Sadie to grab Mari
text: as she frantically reaches for the back door handle --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: What the fu --
text: SMACK! Paige kicks Krug in the face --
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - DAY - CONTINUOUS
text: The SUV SWERVES as Mari and Paige SCREAM -- Mari’s now
text: trying to push the back door OPEN!
scene_heading: INT. SUV - DAY - CONTINUOUS - MOVING
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Dad, look out!
text: Krug looks ahead, sees they’ve crossed the center line,
text: heading for a sharp turn --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: SHIT!!
text: Krug SLAMS ON THE BRAKES, yanks the wheel hard left, but
dialog: over corrects --
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: The SUV SCREECHES across the pavement and tumbles off the
dialog: road into the woods --
text: INSIDE THE SUV - Blood-curdling SCREAMS as it rolls end
text: over end, down the incline --
text: MARI falls back inside the SUV as --
text: WHAM! It SMASHES into a tree, miraculously UPRIGHT.
text: Silence. No movement. A long beat as steam HISSES from
text: the busted engine.
text: Quiet. Bordering on peaceful even -- until finally --
text: One of the back doors opens and Paige falls out onto the
text: ground. She looks up, blinking and dazed, but unhurt.
text: She rises unsteadily to her feet -
text: BAM! Krug KNOCKS HER DOWN -
text: She looks up in fear as he towers over her angrily --
text: IN THE SUV’S PASSENGER SEAT - a foggy-looking Justin rubs
text: his head, his deflated airbag deployed.
text: A back-door opens and Francis groggily emerges, moaning.
text: His nose has been broken and it’s a bloody mess. Krug
text: sees it, cringes --
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You all right?
text: Francis groans and raises a hand to his nose. He bends to
text: examine his reflection in the SUV’s side-mirror. Anger
text: bubbles across his face as he eyes his ruined visage.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Motherf--
text: He turns to see Mari stumble from the rear left passenger
text: door of the SUV, dazed and unsteady.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT’D)
dialog: You little bitch...
text: Francis strides to Mari and SLAPS her across the face,
text: knocking her to the ground next to Paige.
text: BAM! He KICKS Mari in the stomach and she CRIES OUT, the
text: wind knocked out of her, COUGHING.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: No!
text: Sadie emerges from the SUV, a hand held to the small, red
text: burn-mark on her face.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Do I look o-fucking-kay?!
text: Sadie’s about to pounce on Mari, but pauses as she sees
text: her possessions scattered across the ground.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (angering)
dialog: Oh, no no no!
text: She hurries forward to grab some clothing from the
dialog: dirt...
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Look at all my shit! This is
dialog: everything I own.
text: Sadie uncovers the silenced PISTOL in the debris. Picks
dialog: it up, charges for Mari --
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You think you can just fuck
dialog: everything up for us and get away
dialog: with it?
text: Sadie wrenches Mari’s head back by the hair, presses the
text: pistol to her head.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you?!
text: Sadie gets right in close to the terrified girl.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is what you get.
text: Sadie suddenly smiles, then lets go of Mari and turns to
dialog: Francis.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s all yours.
text: Francis nods hungrily.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I was afraid you were gonna make
dialog: me flip for it.
text: Francis approaches Mari, leans down to grab her up when --
text: BAM! Paige snatches up a nearby heavy, rotted branch and
text: HITS Francis in his busted nose --
text: Francis SCREAMS in agony as Paige leaps to her feet and
text: TAKES OFF like a shot into the forest --
text: Francis charges after Paige like a mad bull. Sadie turns
text: to Krug who just stares at her, clearly irritated at
dialog: their incompetence --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Bring -- her -- back -- here.
text: Sadie frantically hurries to follow Francis and the
text: fleeing Paige.
text: ON KRUG - he watches them go. Royally pissed. Looks
text: down at Mari, stares straight through her.
scene_heading: IN THE FOREST - PAIGE
text: dashes as fast as she can. HOWLING like a wild animal,
text: Francis is fifty feet behind -
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: YOU'RE DEAD, BITCH! DEAD!!
dialog: 42.
text: Paige glances over her shoulder in terror, sees Francis
text: gaining on her and Sadie not far behind him --
text: She whimpers in fear and pushes herself even harder --
text: Paige disappears from his vision as the terrain dips and
text: she heads down a hill. She stumbles down the steep
text: incline, leaping over logs, obstacles... suddenly TRIPS
text: on a rock, CRIES OUT as she sprains her ankle, FALLING
text: forward, now TUMBLING and ROLLING down the hill toward
speaker_heading: A SLIGHT CLIFF
text: Paige SHRIEKS as she FALLS off the edge and DROPS five
text: feet to flat ground.
text: Quickly recovering, she scurries back into a SHALLOW
text: HOLLOW in the side of the cliff, hiding herself from
dialog: view.
text: CU - PAIGE - breathing hard, trying to stay calm as --
scene_heading: PAIGE’S POV - BAM! - FRANCIS lands on the ground five
text: feet in front of her, charging forward to run off through
text: the woods, clueless that he just passed her -
text: THUD! Paige flinches as Sadie does the same, following
dialog: Francis in their blind pursuit of no one --
text: Paige watches with wide, panicked eyes as her pursuers
text: disappear from view. She quickly emerges from her hiding
text: place, gritting her teeth as she hobbles as fast as she
text: can on her sprained ankle as --
text: FURTHER INTO THE WOODS - FRANCIS AND SADIE - slowed to a
text: jog now, looking around as they see no sign of Paige.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT’D)
dialog: Shit! You go that way!
text: Sadie heads in a different direction.
text: WITH PAIGE - hobbling through the forest, she sees a road
text: just up ahead through the trees, a couple of cars
dialog: passing...
text: BAM! Sadie suddenly TACKLES her from behind, taking her
text: down. Paige SCREAMS, struggles as Sadie holds her down --
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: HELP! HELP ME!
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Take it easy! TAKE IT EASY! I
dialog: can help you. I can get you out
dialog: of this.
text: Paige’s hand gropes at her side, frantically searching
text: for a weapon. It closes on a large ROCK.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Fuck you!
text: SMACK! Paige SLAMS the rock against the side of Sadie’s
text: head, knocking her away.
text: Paige quickly stumbles to her feet, whirls around only to
dialog: come face to face with Francis --
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
text: Back atcha, Paige.
text: He cold cocks her, KNOCKING her senseless. Paige hits
text: the ground. Francis grabs the gun out of Sadie’s waist
dialog: band, aims at Paige --
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: No?!
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Krug wants us to bring her back.
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - CRASH SITE - DAY - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Paige, her wrists tied with pieces of her now shredded
text: shirt, is thrown to the ground next to Mari. Krug is
text: still glaring, just as we left him, intense uncertainty
text: raging in his eyes.
text: Sadie and Francis stare at him expectantly. Justin
text: stands in the b.g. Too terrified to move as
speaker_heading: PAIGE AND MARI
text: sit on the ground at their feet, passive in their
dialog: traumatized state.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: What now?
dialog: 44,
text: Krug doesn’t respond.
text: KRUG’S POV - He looks from Francis to Sadie to the girls
text: and his wandering gaze comes to rest on Justin, who’s
text: staring at the ground.
text: Sensing this, Justin looks up at Krug, looking uneasy at
text: being the focus of his father’s attention.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (to Justin)
dialog: You wanna finally be a man?
text: Unnerved at this question, Justin glances at Francis and
text: Sadie, finding no help. Krug gestures to Mari.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s your chance. She’s all
dialog: yours.
text: Justin and Mari freeze, their eyes widening in panic.
text: Justin looks down at Mari in fear. She looks back,
text: equally afraid.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you, gay?
text: Krug quickly walks forward and grabs Justin by the arm,
dialog: shaking the terrified kid --
speaker_heading: PAIGE (0.S.)
dialog: You’‘re pathetic.
text: Krug turns to look down at Paige in surprise. She stares
text: back at him with cold eyes, her tears gone now, a strange
text: confidence on her face. She doesn’t care anymore.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: What did you say to me?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Paige --
text: But Paige isn’t listening. She rises unsteadily to
text: confront Krug, unafraid.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I said you’re pathetic.
text: Krug steps forward, gets in her face, stares at her in
text: silence as Paige smiles, her anger building.
speaker_heading: PAIGE (CONT’D)
dialog: What? You gonna hit me? Go
dialog: ahead. Hit me, you piece of shit.
dialog: 45.
text: Krug GLARES another tense beat. Then... a smile creeps
text: across his face. He chuckles.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Why does everybody eventually come
dialog: around to calling me that?
dialog: (back to Paige)
dialog: No, honey. I’m not gonna hit you.
dialog: I’m not quite that predictable.
text: Paige suddenly GASPS, flinching --
text: Justin, Mari, Sadie, and Francis all flinch as well,
text: their eyes wide.
text: Paige blinks in stunned surprise, instantly dazed.
text: PAIGE’S POV - She slowly looks down from Krug‘s face:
text: He’s driven a SWITCHBLADE deep into her stomach, only its
text: handle visible in his hand as BLOOD leaks out around it.
text: Paige looks back up at Krug in dumb silence, the pure
text: shock on her face slowly giving way to pain as her eyes
text: moisten, her mouth gaping open in a soundless scream.
text: Krug wrenches the switchblade out and Paige grunts in
text: pain. Still in shock, she stumbles backward unsteadily,
text: her hands clutched to her bloody wound.
text: She collides with Sadie for support. Sadie shoves Paige
text: back down next to Mari --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Paige -- Paige -- breathe -- try
dialog: to breathe --
text: Krug looks over at Justin and sees that he’s CRYING
text: softly, tears running down his face.
text: Rage suddenly floods Krug’s face as he watches his son’s
dialog: weakness.
text: Krug turns back to Mari and Paige. Paige is coughing,
text: spitting up blood now, her life slipping away...
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (to Mari)
dialog: What is wrong with you, Mari?
dialog: Can’‘t you see that Paige is very
dialog: worried -- and rightfully so --
dialog: that today is the last day of her
dialog: life? So comfort her.
text: Mari still keeps holding Paige but doesn’t respond to
dialog: Krug.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT’D)
dialog: Mari, tell Paige that everything
dialog: is gonna be all right.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: No -- Mari -- don’t --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Say it.
text: Mari eyes Paige and the defiance that still remains in
text: her dying eyes.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: -- Don’t -- don’t say it, Mari --
text: Mari forces the tears back --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Okay. Okay --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: SAY IT!
text: Mari turns and glares up at Krug --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: No.
text: She looks back down to Paige who manages the slightest
text: hint of a thankful smile. Then -- her breathing fades
text: and she becomes perfectly limp and motionless in Mari’s
text: arms, her slumped face hidden beneath her hair.
text: Mari looks back up to see an enraged
speaker_heading: KRUG
text: Suddenly towering over her, his eyes wide with crazed
text: FURY as he throws Paige aside and grabs Mari --
speaker_heading: MARI (CONT'D)
scene_heading: NO -- YOU -- PLEASE NO --
text: With a tidal wave of utter contempt and sadistic rage,
text: Krug suddenly shoves Mari to the ground and starts
text: VICIOUSLY TEARING AT HER CLOTHES.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (hard in Mari’s face;
text: as he rips at her
dialog: clothes)
dialog: You think -- you can keep fucking
dialog: me whenever you please --
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: NO! I don’t -- I don’t --
text: Krug continues to tear at her clothes, shredding her tank
text: top, ripping her bra off --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You don‘t? You don’t think that?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: No -- NO -- please --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Mari doesn’t think that, you two.
speaker_heading: ON SADIE
dialog: You’‘d think she might protest, but instead, she seems
text: oddly captivated, bordering on turned on by what Krug is
dialog: doing to Mari.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Then she’s a liar. Look around.
dialog: Look what she did. She does think
dialog: that. So you gotta make it clear.
dialog: -- It goes both ways.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You hear that, Mari? Sadie says
dialog: it goes both ways.
text: Mari screams as Krug shoves her head in the damp earth,
text: muffling the sound.
text: Mari tries to crawl away, but Krug puts his full weight
text: on the small of her back as he starts yanking at her
dialog: shorts.
speaker_heading: MARI’S HANDS
text: CLAW at the earth as Krug pulls her shorts and underwear
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ON MARI
text: She lifts her head up, locks eyes with a frozen Justin --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Justin -- please -- help me --
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: You stay right there, Justin.
dialog: 48.
text: Justin backs away, tears streaming. He presses up
text: against a tree, then slinks to the ground -- and turns
dialog: away.
text: cU - MARI - Her eyes stream with tears as Krug -- O.S. --
text: thrusts at her from behind, savagely...
text: Sadie watches. Wide-eyed. Psychotically mesmerized.
text: Francis’ eyes are more uncertain. Yet he remains still.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: Please... no...
scene_heading: ON MARI - HER EYES
text: Suddenly grow cold, almost lifeless... as if she’s giving
text: in, her body going limp in surrender... until --
scene_heading: HER GOLD CHAIN
text: falls into frame -- clinging to her muddy cheek -- the
text: gold medallion -- in soft focus -- sliding its way
dialog: forward from 0.8.
text: Mari’s eyes shift to it for a beat -- her hand starts to
text: grab at it -- Krug sees this.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: What, you want that? Well you
dialog: can’t have it.
text: He RIPS it off her neck.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: No! No... no...
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Yes. Yes. Yes.
text: Krug tosses the necklace to Justin who lets it land in
text: the dirt beside him.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: (to Justin; re:
dialog: necklace)
dialog: Hey, you don’t want that, I’11l
dialog: take it.
text: Justin stares at her. Then grabs the necklace, gently
text: puts it in his jeans pocket as --
text: cU - MARI - she turns her head forward, peering ahead of
text: her into the woods as the PAIN becomes overwhelming,
dialog: forcing
dialog: 49.
text: HER OUTSTRETCHED ARM AND HAND
text: to claw at the earth in agony, clinging to it... her
text: fingertips disappearing an inch down where they suddenly
text: come into contact with something SOLID.
text: ON MARI - her eyes react to the sensation, the slightest
text: tinge of hope and determination re-emerging if only for
dialog: an instant as --
scene_heading: HER MUD-CAKED FINGERTIPS
dialog: Start scraping away... faster and faster to expose --
dialog: only to us -- a good-size ROCK whose purpose has come.
text: ON KRUG - He finishes -- catches his breath for a beat --
text: then pulls himself off Mari. He steps aside, starts
text: pulling his pants up as he locks eyes with Justin.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You could have stopped me. I
dialog: would've let you.
text: Mari suddenly gets to her knees, convulses -- doubles
text: over, coughing. She looks over, locks eyes with Justin
text: who looks away. Krug heads over, kneels down to Mari.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Still think you can fuck me any
dialog: time?
text: Mari doesn’t answer. Blankly stares off toward the lake -
text: - her spirit all but broken:
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (soft; to herself)
dialog: I swim... love to swim...
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: I’m happy for you.
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (practically mumbling
dialog: this)
dialog: I can do it... can do it...one
dialog: more try mom...
text: Krug and Sadie trade a slightly weirded-out look as
scene_heading: MARI’S FIST CLENCHES THAT ROCK - TIGHT.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: What can you do for mommy,
dialog: sweetie? One more try at what?
text: Mari turns, locks eyes with Sadie:
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: (re: Krug next to
dialog: her)
dialog: Fucking him.
text: WHACK! Mari spins and SLAMS the rock across Krug’s
text: temple. Bulls-eye.
text: Mari pulls herself up and RUNS FULL ON for the lake.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Goddammit! !
text: Sadie raises the gun and fires. The bullets SPLINTER
text: tree trunks as Mari runs past them.
speaker_heading: WITH KRUG
text: He staggers to his feet, RIPS the gun from Sadie’s hand
text: and bolts after Mari.
speaker_heading: ON MARI
text: Looking back, sees Krug racing after her, Sadie and
text: Francis not far behind...
text: She summons whatever strength she has left, INCREASES HER
text: SPEED... just 50 yards from the shoreline...
text: ON KRUG - He FIRES again. Misses. Stops his pursuit.
text: Takes a steadier aim and FIRES again.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: John looks up from a magazine, hearing the distant POP of
text: gunfire. He gets up, slides the glass door open, steps
text: out onto the screened-in
speaker_heading: BACK PORCH
text: cU - JOHN - listening intently. Silence.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: THE FOREST --
scene_heading: CU - MARI’S FACE - TERROR-STRICKEN, BUT DETERMINED TO
text: MAKE IT TO THE WATER... TO SALVATION...
dialog: 51.
text: BACK TO JOHN - stepping quietly outside, staring off into
text: the woods... almost as if sensing his daughter’s plight
dialog: as --
text: POP! KRUG - running full on - FIRES again.
text: WITH MARI - she’s 20 feet from the water... 10... 5...
dialog: ... far enough...
text: WIDER - MARI DIVES FOR HER LIFE. Disappears under the
dialog: water.
text: Krug reaches the shore, halts his pursuit. Waits for
text: Mari to surface. He takes aim... ready...
dialog: Silence.
dialog: +.-where the hell is she... THEN --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: surfaces, doing the fastest, most full-on butterfly we’ve
text: ever seen, the water splashing around her, making it
dialog: difficult for
speaker_heading: KRUG
text: To get a clear view of her body. He FIRES two shots.
text: The bullets skip off the water next to Mari.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Fuck!
text: He stops. Watching her swim away. Disbelief. Sadie
text: runs up.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: You‘re not going after her?
text: Krug glares.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Sadie, my face is all over the
dialog: newspaper, not a fucking Wheatie’s
dialog: box.
dialog: (off Sadie’s look;
dialog: re: Mari swimming
dialog: away)
dialog: You think I can keep up with that
dialog: shit? Fuck this. Fuck her.
text: Almost as if giving up, Krug spins back toward the lake
text: and Mari, and fires at her again -- if there’s ever a
dialog: shot that should miss, it’s this one, because Krug only
dialog: half-asses it. But --
dialog: 52.
dialog: POP!
dialog: ON MARI - in the shittiest timing in the history of
text: cinema -- on the upstroke to get her breath --
speaker_heading: THE BULLET
text: Finds its mark. The back of
scene_heading: MARI’S RIGHT SHOULDER
text: Suddenly -- and very SHOCKINGLY -- EXPLODES in a spray of
dialog: blood.
text: BACK ON SADIE - She sees the spray of crimson in the
text: splashes around Mari.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: You got her.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You’re shittin’ me.
text: A surprised Krug turns back around, focuses on Mari.
text: THEIR POV - FAR OUT IN THE LAKE - Mari -- now flipped on
text: her back -- unmoving -- floating away on the current.
text: BACK TO SCENE - KRUG - keeps his eyes on Mari.
text: AERIAL POV - LOOKING DOWN ON MARI - as she floats away --
text: her wide open, unblinking eyes staring up at THE
text: GATHERING STORM CLOUDS as a pool of dark red blood
text: expands out around her in the water.
text: BACK TO KRUG, SADIE AND FRANCIS
text: As the first drops of rain start to fall -- the first
text: FLASHES of lightning in the distant foothills...
text: Krug tucks the gun in his waistband, turns, heads back
text: toward the forest and crash site as Sadie follows...
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - CRASH SITE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Krug, Francis, and Sadie make their way back up to the
text: crashed SUV. Justin’s still sitting against the tree
text: staring at Paige’s body.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: So... Anybody know where the hell
dialog: we are?
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Well...
text: Krug looks over, sees hints of a freshly “paved” trail
text: leading back up presumably toward the unseen road, its
text: brush and small trees toppled and flattened by the SUV as
text: it tumbled to its final resting place.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Looks like we’re just off the road
dialog: a tad.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Trust me, it’s more than a tad.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Shouldn’t we bury her?
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Along with the car? Sure, you go
dialog: ahead and do that. Me and Sadie
dialog: are gonna find our way the hell
dialog: out of here.
text: More lightning and thunder. The storm’s closing in, the
text: rain growing steadier as Krug eyes Justin.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT’D)
dialog: Justin, let’s go.
text: The boy still just stares at Paige’s body in a daze as if
text: nothing’s changed, oblivious to the rain.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT’D)
dialog: Justin, are you coming or you just
dialog: gonna sit there and process?
text: No response. Krug charges over to Justin and grabs his
text: arm, roughly pulls the limp boy to his feet and drags him
text: through the rain. Francis and Sadie follow...
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - EVENING - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Krug, Francis, Justin, Sadie, walking on the shoulder.
text: We PULL BACK to reveal the “LAKE ENDS IN THE ROAD” SIGN
text: coming into frame as they approach. Krug eyes it.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, that’s helpful.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (eyeing the wording)
dialog: Does that make any sense to you?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Yeah, why?
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: (nodding 0.S.)
dialog: That a house through there?
text: Krug turns, focuses his gaze through the trees lining the
text: narrow side road whose entrance they’re standing across
text: from. They see the shimmer of lights on the front porch
text: and in the upstairs windows..
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: You‘re right.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Well, I’‘ll be. The gods continue
dialog: to smile and light our way on
dialog: this...
dialog: (re: pouring rain)
dialog: ..-lovely, lovely day.
dialog: off this...
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING
text: ON the HISSING STATIC of a small TV. It disappears as
text: the TV’s clicked off.
text: John, at the kitchen table, tosses the remote aside, his
text: half-eaten dinner in front of him, eating alone. The
text: sound of muted POUNDING RAIN is constant.
text: John gets up, heads to the sink, peers out the window as
text: Emma enters.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Man, I can’t remember the last
dialog: time we had one this bad.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I’1l get some candles out just in
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: DING DONG.
text: Both John and Emma freeze for a moment and then look at
text: each other in surprise. Then --
text: BANG, BANG, BANG on the door. It’s urgent.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What the hell?
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - EVENING - MOMENTS LATER
text: The front door is opened to expose a soaking-wet Krug
text: standing outside, his hands on the shoulders of a dazed
text: Justin standing in front of him.
text: Francis and Sadie stand behind them in the downpour,
text: Francis with a bloody piece of clothing held to his nose.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh my god --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Hello, hi... um... I think we just
dialog: rolled our car off the road --
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: DARKNESS. A beat. Then:
speaker_heading: JOHN (0.8.)
dialog: This is gonna hurt.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EVENING - LATER
text: cU - Francis’ bloody BUSTED NOSE. FINGERS suddenly
text: appear and grab it, twisting the cartilage back into
text: place with a sickening SNAP as fresh blood oozes out.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Jesus -- FUCK!
text: WIDER - John sits next to Francis, presses a towel to his
text: newly reset nose. Emma’s in the b.g. making coffee.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit -- shit.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Calm down. Deep breath. Worst
text: part’s over.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Deep breath deep breath --
text: Standing against the counter draped in towels, Krug and
text: Sadie wince.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: I was just saying to Sadie here a
dialog: little while ago that despite
dialog: everything, we’re still having a
dialog: pretty lucky day... first seeing
dialog: your house, then you being a
dialog: doctor...
text: John chuckles.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That I am, but you still need to
dialog: get to a hospital. All of you do.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Doc, we don’t really have the best
dialog: health coverage right now.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Doesn't matter. Insurance or not,
dialog: they still have to treat you.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Oh. Well in that case... Do you
dialog: think you could give us a lift?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Of course. Only one problem --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Our daughter has the car. She’s
text: spending the night at a friend’s.
text: Emma hands Krug a steaming cup of coffee --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Collingwood.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Emma.
text: She hands another mug to Sadie.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Thank you, Emma.
dialog: 57.
text: Sadie looks around at the kitchen in awe.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a really beautiful
dialog: kitchen. Everything’s so white
text: and squeaky clean.
text: Emma‘s a little weirded out by Sadie’s childlike leering.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Oh. Thanks.
dialog: (to Justin)
dialog: Justin, do you want some hot
dialog: chocolate?
text: Justin sits across the room in a chair by the corner,
text: staring ahead blankly with a towel wrapped around him.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (smiling)
text: If he doesn’t, it’ll be a first.
dialog: (to Justin)
dialog: What do you say, Justin?
text: Justin slowly looks up at Krug. Keeping his voice
text: pleasant, Krug makes firm “answer me” eyes at him.
text: Justin robotically looks to Emma.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yes, please.
text: Francis flinches a little as John roots through his
text: medical bag on the table, digs out some stitches and
text: needle, starts sewing the gash on his nose.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Try not to move.
text: Emma stirs some cocoa powder into a bright RED MUG.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (to Krug)
dialog: What were you doing out in the
dialog: storm anyway?
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: We're just your typical clueless
dialog: city slickers. We came out here
dialog: for a day at the lake. We knew it
dialog: Might rain, but we didn’t know it
dialog: would be a damn hurricane.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Neither did the airhead weather
dialog: babe.
dialog: (off Emma’s glare)
dialog: Okay, she wasn’t an airhead.
text: Krug chuckles at John’s joke. Then:
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Anyway, two wrong turns and one
dialog: slippery ass road later, our car’s
text: wrapped around a tree.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: That’s putting it mildly.
text: Emma finishes stirring the hot chocolate.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Yeesh. I’m so sorry.
text: She walks to Justin and offers it to him, smiling warmly.
text: Justin slowly looks up Emma in silent misery. After a
text: moment, he reaches out and takes the mug from her.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Unnerved at his gaze, Emma nods.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sure. You’re okay, Justin. I
dialog: can‘t imagine what you just went
dialog: through, but you’re okay. Okay?
text: She smiles, walks back to the counter as Francis flinches
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Owfuck.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Almost there.
text: Seeing Emma’s concern for Justin, Krug quickly gestures
text: to a “Happy Birthday” banner hanging on the wall in the
dialog: dining room.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: So who’s birthday is it? Yours,
dialog: Emma? Let me guess...
text: Krug narrows his eyes at Emma, mock-thinking. He points
text: at her decisively.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT’D)
dialog: Twenty-eight.
text: Emma laughs as John smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t think flattery will get
dialog: you too far.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How would you know?
text: John snorts, half in amusement, half in irritation.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Krug)
dialog: Our daughter turns eighteen
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Oh, that’s a fun age. She's
dialog: legal, dad.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don’t remind me.
text: John finishes stitching Francis’ nose.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Done. Just let me clean it off.
text: John sloshes some disinfectant on a small folded cloth.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: This’‘1l sting.
text: John touches the cloth to Francis’ nose and he grits his
text: teeth in pain.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Mind if I use your land line?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sure, it’s right there.
speaker_heading: KRUG)
dialog: (heading to phone)
dialog: We can’t get through on our crappy
dialog: cells --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: The service is so bad up here...
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (heading to the
dialog: phone)
dialog: I’ll see if I can’t just get us a
dialog: tow truck... or a cab to take us
dialog: in to town...
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: You sure that’s a good idea, Krug?
text: Krug pauses. Glares at Sadie, pissed at her questioning
dialog: him --
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (covering)
dialog: I mean, do they even have taxis
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: They might have one or two.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (re: storm)
dialog: Good luck getting anyone out here.
text: Krug grabs the phone off the wall just as
text: OUTSIDE - a very close, very loud BOLT OF LIGHTNING RIPS
text: through the branch of a tree. Sparks FLY as the branch
text: falls into the phone and power lines, severing their
dialog: connection to the house.
text: BACK IN THE KITCHEN - the lights GO OUT.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: (re: dead phone)
dialog: I think that luck might be
dialog: waning...
text: Krug hangs up the dead phone.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Don’t worry, we're prepared.
text: Emma fishes around, digs out the matches and candles,
text: starts lighting as John secures a butterfly bandage to
text: Francis’ nose.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Looks like we’re prisoners in our
dialog: own home.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Well, I can think of worse
dialog: places...
dialog: 61.
text: John slaps Francis on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Francis)
dialog: You're fixed for now, my friend.
text: Francis rises.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Thanks, I think.
text: Emma hands Francis a mug of coffee and he eyes the
text: attractive woman with interest.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT’D)
dialog: And thank you.
text: Emma notices Francis’ hungry eyes --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Emma; re: Mari)
dialog: Em, will you see if our cell, by
dialog: some miracle, has maybe just half
dialog: a bar?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sure.
text: Emma gladly steps out. Francis watches her all the way.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’ll get a fire going.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Can we pick the right house to
dialog: roll a car in front of or what?
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - NIGHT - SHORT TIME LATER
text: The storm rages. Gusting winds make white caps on the
text: lake’s surface. We slowly PAN ACROSS and TILT DOWN to
text: find that “NO WAKE” buoy thrashing about.
text: A FLASH of LIGHTNING ignites a FIGURE - floating in the
text: water a few yards from the buoy. The flash was so brief,
dialog: we‘re not even sure what we saw was real.
dialog: But then -- another FLASH as --
text: CU - A WET HAND GRABS on to the BUOY.
dialog: 62.
text: A DARK FORM bobs in the water next to it. LIGHTNING
text: FLASHES, revealing MARI.
text: Alive. Barely. Her eyes glassy and weak, she stares
text: through the thick rain pounding down on her.
text: MARI‘S POV - The dark house. Waiting just up the narrow
dialog: path.
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Emma enters to find John starting the fire. Krug,
text: Francis, Sadie, Justin looking on.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No luck with the cell.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (again eyeing Emma)
dialog: Looks like we’re still stuck here.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Now, Francis, we don’t want to
dialog: impose -- they’ve done more than
dialog: enough --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t think you have much
dialog: choice. It’s okay, we have a
dialog: couple of spare bedrooms --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Well, that’s mighty kind of you --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (a bit too quickly)
dialog: Or the guest house... Might work
dialog: best.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (meaning Mari)
dialog: You think she'll be okay with
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Sure, she’s not coming back
dialog: tonight. It’d be more private.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Whatever you think’s best.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (again to Emma)
dialog: We're easy.
dialog: 63.
text: ON JUSTIN - he’s been sitting on the sofa, sipping his
text: hot chocolate. He finishes.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: (re: empty mug)
dialog: Where should I put this?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Just put it in the kitchen sink.
text: Justin gets up, heads into...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Justin places the mug in the sink, then turns back, but
text: stops in his tracks, spotting something 0.S.
text: cU - A SMALL PHOTO of Mari_and her parents is encased _ in
text: a_glass magnet on the side of the refrigerator.
text: cU - JUSTIN - stares at the picture in dumb shock.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - SHORELINE NEAR DOCK - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Mari pulls herself through the water, crawls up onto the
text: muddy shore, weakly forcing herself to keep moving in the
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: ON JUSTIN - still staring at the photo in a horrified
text: daze. He turns to come face to face with
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: carrying empty coffee mugs --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (re: photo)
dialog: Oh -- That’s our daughter, Mari,
dialog: the car thief.
text: Emma goes to the sink, starts rinsing out the mugs as
text: Justin suddenly doubles-over and THROWS UP a little.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, honey...
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: I‘1l be -- I’m okay... where’s
dialog: the...
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: ...-down the hall.
text: Justin bolts.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Justin enters and shuts the door behind him, locking it.
text: He quickly sits on the floor between the toilet and the
text: wall, shoving himself into the corner, terrified.
text: A beat. Then -- The doorknob rattles, making him flinch.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Krug tries the locked door.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Hey, Just... Doctor Collingwood
dialog: wants to know if you’re all right
dialog: in there. So do I.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Fine. I’m fine.
text: Krug lowers his voice to an agitated whisper to talk
text: through the door to Justin.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: What’s wrong with you?
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Cowering in the corner, Justin looks as if he wants to
text: recede into the wall and disappear.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Nothing. Nothing -- will you just
dialog: give me two seconds?
speaker_heading: KRUG (0.S.)
dialog: Say anything and you’re dead. You
dialog: hear me? Hurry up.
text: Justin trembles as he listens to KRUG LEAVE. He then
text: digs into his jeans pocket, pulls out MARI’S NECKLACE.
text: Stares at it a long beat. Then squeezes it tight in his
text: hand, shuts his eyes --
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: The muted sound of PEOPLE TALKING is heard from the
text: living room as the bathroom door UNLOCKS and slowly opens
text: a little for Justin to stick his head out.
text: Seeing that the coast is clear, he walks into the hall
text: and approaches the living room.
text: JUSTIN’S POV - Through the living room doorway, Krug
text: comes into view as he talks to Emma and John.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You sure we’re not in your way?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, don’t worry about it. It’s no
dialog: big deal, really. Once things
dialog: clear up in the morning, we’ll get
dialog: you outta here one way or another.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Well, thank you. Thank you so
dialog: much.
text: Concern floods Justin’s face. He looks down, opens his
text: hand, eyes the necklace in his palm, his mind racing.
text: He then ducks into the
scene_heading: KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Where he looks around frantically, then eyes the deep
text: kitchen sink. Keeping an eye on the living room doorway,
text: Justin quickly heads to the sink, eyes his red mug
text: sitting in the bottom.
text: He quickly takes out the necklace and places it
text: conspicuously AROUND THE BOTTOM OF THE MUG.
speaker_heading: KRUG (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Ready?
text: Justin whirls around, sees Krug in the doorway.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: We’re being shown to our room.
text: Justin forces a nod and a half smile, joins Krug in the
dialog: doorway.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - NIGHT - SHORT TIME LATER
text: Everyone dressed in ponchos, Emma, carrying the
text: flashlight and a bundle of candles and matches, rushes
text: through the downpour, leading Krug, Sadie, Francis, and
text: Justin to the guesthouse.
scene_heading: INT. GUESTHOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Darkness. The door UNLOCKS as the group enters.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Voila.
text: She strikes a match, starts lighting candles...
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Wow, you’ve got your own personal
dialog: five-diamond Hilton right on your
text: front lawn.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I don’t know about that, but it
text: sleeps four pretty comfortably.
text: The couch folds out. Sheets
dialog: should already be on it. Another
dialog: bedroom’s in there, let me just
dialog: check something --
text: Emma quickly heads off to the
scene_heading: BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Where she sees Mari’s duffel bag on the floor. She
text: quickly shoves it under the bed with her foot. Spots
text: Mari’s remaining jewelry on the bedside table. Quickly
text: scoops them into her hand, pockets them just as
speaker_heading: KRUG AND FRANCIS
text: Enter in the darkness.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: So the bathroom’s in there...
dialog: can’t say much for the water
dialog: pressure though. There might be
dialog: some stuff in the medicine cabinet
dialog: if Justin feels sick again.
text: Krug and Francis cross the room to approach Emma as she
text: ducks into the bathroom.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: We're pretty well stocked, I
dialog: think...
text: Emma turns back for the bedroom and flinches slightly as
text: she finds Krug and Francis standing right in front of
text: her, a little too close.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT’D)
dialog: Anything you need before we turn
dialog: in for the night?
text: Krug smiles mechanically.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: No, you’ve done more than enough
dialog: already. We're perfect, thanks.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well, if you need anything, just --
dialog: well, I guess you can’t call us so
dialog: just -- come on back over and give
dialog: us a shout.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Will do. But we won’t shout
dialog: unless the storm’s still going.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Well... Goodnight.
speaker_heading: KRUG FRANCIS
dialog: Goodnight. Goodnight.
text: Emma laughs politely as she passes between Krug and
text: Francis, makes her way out...
scene_heading: EXT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: As Emma darts back across to the main house we PULL BACK
dialog: to reveal
speaker_heading: MARI
text: continuing her agonizing crawl through the pounding
dialog: rain... she sees her mom...
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Mmm -- mom...
text: She’s too weakened to scream, but she still refuses to
text: give up. Mari keeps pressing forward as lightning
speaker_heading: FLASHES.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. GUESTHOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: KRUG‘S POV - Seen through the window, Emma heads to the
dialog: main house.
text: Krug watches her all the way, his eyes predatory and
text: unblinking as Francis gazes at her over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I’d sure like to clear the cobwebs
text: from her cunt.
text: Francis hungrily watches Emma disappear into the house.
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Emma is heard CLOSING THE FRONT DOOR as John sits at the
text: table putting away his medical instruments.
text: A muted BANGING is suddenly heard from somewhere in the
text: house, as if something is being blown back and forth in
dialog: the wind.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (calling to Emma
dialog: 0.8.)
dialog: They all set out there?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY/KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Emma puts her poncho in the closet, a little shaken.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Yeah... they’re fine.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Strange group.
text: Emma enters, heads to the kitchen counter, starts
text: cleaning up. But doesn’t yet notice the necklace in the
dialog: sink.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: That’s the understatement of the
dialog: year.
text: John pauses to listen to the BANGING.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Do you hear that?
text: Emma turns around, steps away from the kitchen sink --
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you leave the porch door open?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I didn’t think I did --
text: BANG. BANG. BANG. Muffled under the thunder.
text: John and Emma turn toward the sound, their blood running
dialog: cold. What the hell is that?
text: John heads to the cabinet, takes out the flashlight.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: The BANGING is louder as John and Emma cautiously enter.
text: A healthy FIRE blazes in the fireplace, creating ghoulish
text: dancing shadows as they approach the sliding glass door.
scene_heading: INT. BACK PORCH - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: The BANGING is even louder now as John and Emma appear on
text: the other side of the glass door.
text: John unlocks the door and slides it open. He aims the
text: flashlight beam around the room...
text: JOHN’S POV - scanning across the porch as rain pounds
text: down on the screened-in room.
text: The flashlight’s beam comes to the porch’s SCREEN-DOOR as
text: it BANGS in the wind.
text: John heads to the door, latches it shut. He then looks
text: down, the beam falling on A TRAIL OF SMALL PUDDLES. John
text: aims the beam along the trail that stops on a pair of wet
text: SNEAKERS poking out from behind the hot tub.
text: John’s eyes widen in horror. He bolts around to the back
dialog: of the hot tub where
speaker_heading: MARI
text: comes into view, slouched on her side against it, her
text: blood and water-soaked body limp, her eyes rolling to the
text: back of her head.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: MARI! JESUS!
text: John stumbles to Mari’s side, shaking her as Emma rushes
dialog: over --
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh God! Mari!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mari? Mari, stay with me.
text: He touches his index finger to her neck, feeling for a
dialog: pulse.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh god -- oh my god --
text: Another FLASH of lightning and ROAR of thunder -- John
text: pulls up Mari’s eyelid --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: I can’t tell what’s --
text: John fumbles for the flashlight, frantically using it to
text: examine Mari’s bloody wounds. He pulls back her shredded
text: tank top near her shoulder where the darkest blood stain
dialog: is --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s been shot --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Do something, John, do something!
text: John shakily lifts Mari into his arms --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not you, Mari -- not you, too --
dialog: you hear me?
text: Over this, John gently lays Mari on top of the covered
text: hot-tub. He looks down to the tub’s digital temperature
text: readout, frantically punches a button, raising the water
text: temp to the max.
text: John checks Mari’‘s pulse again, then quickly starts CPR,
text: pushing on her chest... blowing into her pale mouth...
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon, Mari -- one, two, three --
text: He breathes into her mouth again -- then presses his
text: hands to her chest --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: One, two --
text: Mari suddenly COUGHS up water -- John’s eyes widen --
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s it, sweetie --
text: He gently rolls her on her side, letting the excess water
dialog: drain from her mouth --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: Mari, you’re with mom and dad,
dialog: you’‘re gonna be okay -- We've
dialog: gotta stop the bleeding -- Emma,
dialog: go get -- go get blankets,
dialog: towels...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What about --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (talking over her)
dialog: -- any alcohol you brought, and my
dialog: bag --
text: John pauses, seeing the raging fire through the glass
text: door in the living room -- an idea:
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: -- put the poker in the fire --
dialog: We‘re gonna have to do it the old
dialog: fashioned way --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: But what about the bullet, John?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Goddammit, right now stopping the
dialog: bleeding’s more important than
dialog: fishing for the fucking bullet --
text: Emma bolts into the living room, JAMS the poker in the
dialog: center of the fire --
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUESTHOUSE - BEDROOM/BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Sadie’s taking a nice, soothing shower by candlelight,
text: the shower rod and curtain hanging diagonally, dangling
text: from just the one end, the other end having collapsed
dialog: into the tub -- evidently, Sadie had the same issues with
dialog: it that Mari had earlier.
text: CU - SADIE - eyes closed as the water flows down her
dialog: scarred face...
dialog: 72.
text: WITH KRUG - in the bedroom. He sets the silenced gun on
text: the night stand, pulls his shirt off. Collapses to the
text: bed, his legs and feet hanging off the side, just above
scene_heading: MARI‘’S DUFFEL BAG
text: stuffed underneath. Krug looks over through the bedroom
text: doorway into the living room, sees Justin’s silhouetted
text: form lying on the pull-out bed.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: You awake in there?
text: No answer. But as we PUSH IN on Justin, we reveal his
text: eyes are in fact WIDE OPEN as he stares back into the
text: bedroom, his gaze fixed on that SILENCED GUN on the
dialog: bedside table... what else is this kid thinking?
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - BACK PORCH - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Warm steam seeps from under the hot tub’s cover as Emma
text: enters, hands John the now RED HOT poker. Sets his
text: medical bag and a stack of towels on the hot-tub cover
text: next to Emma.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Still need alcohol --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (heading out)
dialog: Getting it now --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And try your cell phone again!!
text: Emma bolts away once again as John eyes the poker. Then
text: gently levels it to the ENTRY WOUND on the back of Mari’s
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, Mari, hold on -- this isn’t
dialog: gonna feel very good, sweetie, but
dialog: it’s gotta happen --
text: A beat -- then John gently wraps his left arm around
text: Mari’s upper chest, bracing her as his right hand touches
text: the poker to her shoulder, cauterizing the wound. As we
scene_heading: HEAR Mari’s skin SINGEING 0.S. --
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Emma races into the kitchen. Frantically picks up her
dialog: cell: NO SIGNAL.
dialog: 73.
text: She opens the cabinet above the counter, grabs a bottle
text: of Jack Daniels. She then turns and sees the sparkling
text: necklace in the sink! Emma SHRIEKS, jumps back, scared
dialog: shitless.
text: She then peers back into the sink, wide-eyed as she takes
text: in the sight of Mari‘s necklace -- neatly encircling the
text: red mug.
text: Unbelieving, Emma picks it up. She turns the medallion
text: over, sees the inscription. Emma recoils in horror, eyes
dialog: wide, thoughts racing --
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - BACK PORCH - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: John continues to “operate” on Mari. Now noticing dried
text: blood near her knee just below her shorts. He takes his
text: medical scissors, starts cutting away at her shorts but
text: suddenly stops -- noticing a stream of dried blood on her
text: thigh leading up to her underwear.
text: cU - JOHN’S FACE - as he continues, his eyes widen in
text: horror at what he’s seeing 0.S. It’s clear now that John
dialog: knows his daughter was raped.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No -- god --
text: John chokes back emotion, raises a shaking hand to his
dialog: mouth --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: You fuck -- fff -- fucker --
dialog: Suddenly --
speaker_heading: MARI
text: Starts faintly WHEEZING.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Mari?
text: He leans down as her eyes open halfway --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Daddy -- can’t breathe -- can’t --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay -- we can fix that -- that’s
dialog: easy for me, okay?
text: John reaches in his bag, pulls out some medical tape.
text: Anxiously looks around the room, spots Emma’s bag full of
text: Magazines and a larger pair of house scissors.
dialog: 74.
text: He grabs the bag, dumps out the magazines. He swipes up
text: a magazine, revealing the newspaper Emma was reading and
text: Krug’s face on the front page --
text: John eyes it, wide-eyed -- frozen in disbelief -- the
text: fury boiling -- another beat, then he re-focuses on Mari,
text: tearing a small section of the magazine’s cover off --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Emma!! Where the hell are--
text: John whirls around, sees Emma standing there in the
text: darkness. John startles slightly, grabs the bottle of
text: Jack, twists it open, starts pouring it over the
text: scissors.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly to Emma; re:
dialog: Mari)
dialog: Her lung’s collapsed -- can you
dialog: hold her down?
text: Emma nods, still dazed from her discovery as she leans
dialog: down to Mari --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong --
text: Emma brings up the necklace.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: It was in the sink -- The kid --
dialog: Justin -- I think he put it there--
text: John hesitates only for a beat, totally overloaded with
dialog: that one --
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: Krug, Sadie,
dialog: Francis)
dialog: John, they’re --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (nods over to the
dialog: newspaper )
dialog: I_know.
text: Emma sees it -- then --
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Da-- Dad--
text: John turns back to Mari --
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I’m here, sweetie. Okay, this is
dialog: gonna hurt a little, but I
dialog: promise, you’re gonna breathe a
dialog: lot better --
text: Emma moves in, grasps Mari‘’s hand -- tight --
text: John opens the house scissors, pours a little more Jack
text: Daniels over the blades, then proceeds to slice into
text: Mari‘s upper chest above her heart.
text: Mari winces in pain.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I know, sweetie -- almost there --
dialog: just letting out some trapped
dialog: air...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: John --
text: John grabs a towel, dabs at the blood, then RIPS a piece
text: of medical tape off, affixes it to the section of
text: magazine cover. He then tapes the magazine cover over
text: the small hole he’s just cut into Mari’s chest.
text: As Mari breathes, we see the piece of magazine raise up
text: and down from the escaping air as Mari’s breathing
text: becomes less labored.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How’s that?
speaker_heading: MARI
dialog: Bet -- better --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Good. Just be still. Don’t try
dialog: to talk.
text: Mari manages a slight smile now. John smiles then eyes
text: Emma. They step away from Mari, John speaking in a
dialog: hushed whisper:
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT’D)
dialog: She’s stable for now, but we’ve
dialog: got to get her to a hospital --
dialog: (re: necklace)
dialog: So what about --
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I found it in the sink. It was
dialog: intentionally placed there,
dialog: wrapped around the mug I gave
dialog: Justin --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: He’s trying to warn us --
text: John starts trembling in disbelief, the anger seething --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Emma, Mari -- she --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (with extreme
dialog: difficulty)
dialog: She -- she was raped -- there was
dialog: blood --
text: Emma clasps her hands to her mouth, getting sick --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Emma, listen to me. Are you
dialog: listening?
text: Emma manages a nod --
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, clearly he’s telling us
dialog: something -- he knows who we are --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: He saw her picture -- on the
dialog: fridge -- he saw it and he looked
dialog: like a goddamned ghost -- oh my
dialog: god -- I should've seen it... I
dialog: should’ve --
text: John eyes Emma a beat, his mind racing. He then eyes
text: Mari for a beat. Then heads quickly into the
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Where he peers out the window to the guesthouse. Sees
text: the flickering candlelight inside. No movement.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They‘re still in there --
dialog: (beat; then)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t think the kid’s told
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Because we’d be dead by now.
dialog: (then)
dialog: We‘ve got to get her out of here,
dialog: the nearest house...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Is six miles from here --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: By land --
dialog: (thinks a beat; then)
dialog: Where are the boat keys?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: John and Emma rifle through drawers, looking for the
dialog: missing keys --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don’t fucking believe this --
dialog: how could they not fucking be
dialog: here?! TI haven’t used the boat in
dialog: two years.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: My brother did. When he stayed
dialog: here --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You mean when he stayed in the
dialog: goddamned _questhouse?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: They could be there or still in
dialog: the boat --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: God -- shit!
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: John --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (trembling
dialog: uncontrollably)
dialog: Alright -- Emma -- Mari’s running
dialog: out of time, so we’ve -- we’ve --
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (points toward
dialog: guesthouse)
dialog: We've got to be ready for
dialog: anything. Anything. And we've
dialog: got to be ready to do anything --
dialog: to kill those fuckers if we have
dialog: to -- Whatever it takes. Do you
dialog: hear me, Emma?
text: off Emma, her eyes never leaving John’s...
scene_heading: INT. GUESTHOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Justin lies in bed. Still wide awake -- he turns over,
text: peers out the window --
text: JUSTIN’S POV - THE MAIN HOUSE - he catches glimpses of
text: Emma and John’s silhouettes moving around inside, candles
dialog: being blown out...
dialog: cU - JUSTIN - clearly wondering -- haven’t they found the
dialog: necklace yet? Do they know? Sure doesn’t look like it
text: as the house goes dark...
scene_heading: INT. BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: John frantically RIPS the tarp off the boat, hops inside,
text: aims the flashlight around to the boat’s ignition -- no
dialog: keys.
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - BACK PORCH - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Emma gently finishes wrapping Mari in a thick blanket.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: There you go, sweetie.
text: Emma sits on the hot tub cover next to Mari whose eyes
text: flutter open. Emma smiles down at her daughter, smooths
dialog: her hair.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Everything’s gonna be okay. We’re
text: leaving very soon.
text: Emma kisses Mari on the forehead. Turns to see John
text: standing in the doorway. He shakes his head slightly:
dialog: “no keys.”
text: Emma nods back. She knows what that means --
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: cU - JUSTIN - still lying on the pull-out bed, facing the
text: bedroom doorway. He suddenly sees
speaker_heading: KRUG
text: Roll out of bed, head into the bathroom. Justin looks
text: over to Francis who’s nodding off in the lazy boy.
text: Beat. Then -- Justin slides out of bed, tip-toes into
dialog: the bedroom doorway --
text: JUSTIN’S POV - Sadie’s in bed. Lightly snoring.
text: Justin sneaks into the bedroom, his feet CREAKING over
text: the floor as he approaches the gun on the bedside table.
text: BACK ON FRANCIS - a lightning flash and roll of thunder
text: wakes him up. He rubs his eyes, groggy. He glances to
text: the pull-out bed. Sees that Justin isn’t there. His
text: brow furrows in suspicion, but then -- he hears the
dialog: toilet FLUSH 0.S.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE BEDROOM - JUSTIN
text: -- the gun now in hand -- whips his head toward the
text: bathroom door -- hears the LOCK unlatching. Justin’s
text: eyes widen. There’s no way he can make it back to the
text: living room in time.
text: WITH KRUG - He exits the bathroom back into the bedroom.
text: As he rounds the bed, we DROP DOWN to reveal
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
text: Hiding underneath the bed, his head right next to Mari’s
dialog: duffel bag!
speaker_heading: KRUG
text: groggily makes his way around to his side of the bed
text: where his foot suddenly JAMS against something SOLID in
text: Mari‘s duffel bag, stubbing his toe.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Son of a --
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: What?
text: Krug looks down, sees the duffel bag protruding from
text: under the bed.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: KRUG‘S HAND
text: Reaches down, grabs it. Justin nearly hyperventilates as
text: the bag is suddenly swiped away.
text: Krug lifts up the heavy bag, unzips it, reaches inside
text: and pulls out one of Mari’s jogging weights. Then one
dialog: more, then a wrist band --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: What the fuck --
text: He stuffs everything back in the bag, tosses it aside.
text: Falls back to the bed, blows out the candle next to the
text: gun Justin put back on the table. Close call.
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - GARAGE - NIGHT
text: John enters, aims the flashlight around. Heads to the
text: workbench where he picks up a large WRENCH.
text: He hefts the simple weapon, testing its weight, looking
text: down at it in nervous apprehension.
text: He puts it back on his tool table with a trembling hand
text: and picks up a big HAMMER, testing it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: cU - EMMA’S HAND pulls a BUTCHER’S KNIFE from its place
text: in the knife-holder.
text: She stares down at the enormous weapon, a mirror of
text: John’s nervous apprehension.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (0.S.)
dialog: Hey there.
text: Emma YELPS in surprise and spins around to see Francis
text: standing just ten feet from her.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT’D)
dialog: Sorry, sorry, I thought you heard
dialog: me come in. I saw the fire still
dialog: going. Figured you were both
text: night owls.
text: Emma smiles weakly.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Uh, just me. John’s asleep.
text: Emma breathes hard, staring at Francis in frozen terror.
dialog: sl.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: That last lightning bolt woke me
dialog: up. Thought maybe a cold beer
dialog: might help put me back to sleep.
text: Francis turns for the fridge. Emma’s eyes widen.
text: Francis is about to see the family photo!
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Wait --
text: Francis turns back.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t think a cold beer’s gonna
dialog: cut it. Not on a night like this.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Well, what is gonna cut it, Mrs.
dialog: Collingwood?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I think a warmer adult beverage --
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Adult beverage, huh? We fall into
dialog: that category?
text: Francis moves closer, eyeing Emma’s cleavage beneath her
dialog: button down blouse.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I think we do.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Then I guess you’re my bartender.
dialog: Maybe a little Jack Daniels --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (an icy glare)
dialog: We just ran out of that. You a
dialog: wine drinker?
text: Francis smiles.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Guess I am tonight.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Then you're in luck.
text: Emma walks to the knife on the counter. She eyes it in
text: trembling uncertainty as she reaches up to the wine
text: shelf, grabs a bottle --
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: That rain letting up any?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Ah, it’s not that bad out there
dialog: anymore.
text: Emma turns and freezes in surprise as she sees that
text: Francis has come closer to stand right in front of her.
text: Emma flinches a little as Francis reaches past her. He
text: leisurely picks up the knife from the counter.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT’D)
dialog: I think the storm’s finally on its
dialog: way out.
text: Francis slides the knife back into its empty place in the
text: knife-holder and smiles at Emma innocently. A beat.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT’D)
dialog: Do I get a glass or do you want me
dialog: to chug it straight from the
dialog: bottle?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Glasses. Right. Sorry.
text: Emma goes to the fridge and smoothly slides the photo off
text: the door and slips it in her jeans pocket just as Francis
text: turns and approaches. Emma goes up on her tiptoes, opens
text: the cabinet above the fridge, pulls out two wine glasses.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Here we go.
text: Francis eyes her ass hungrily, but quickly raises his
text: eyes to meet hers again as she turns back around.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Francis suddenly pauses --
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT’D)
dialog: Now all we need’s --
text: Francis suddenly stops short -- seeing something 0.8.
text: FRANCIS’S POV - peering through the living room and
text: sliding glass door to Mari lying on the hot tub on the
text: back porch.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT'D)
dialog: -- Holy fucking --
text: He turns back. Emma is standing right behind him. She
text: SMASHES the WINE BOTTLE across his face!!
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You fucking animals.
text: Francis stumbles back toward the living room, looks up
text: only to come face to face with JOHN - stepping into the
text: doorway, the HAMMER raised. SMACK! John BASHES Francis’
dialog: jaw in.
text: Francis stumbles to the side in stunned shock, hitting
text: the counter, SHATTERING some dinnerware --
text: John SWINGS at him again but misses, the hammer SMASHING
text: through a cabinet next to Francis’ head --
text: Terrified, Francis turns to escape, but runs right into
text: the business end of that shiny BUTCHER KNIFE.
text: Francis freezes in shock. Looks down to see the knife
text: protruding from his chest.
text: He looks up, his dying eyes meeting those of
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Staring at him as he slinks to the floor.
speaker_heading: EMMA (CONT'D)
dialog: What did you do to my daughter?
dialog: Huh? Were you the one that shot
dialog: her? Raped her?!
text: Francis’ eyes widen in shock, the full knowledge of
dialog: what’s happening overtaking him --
text: Francis CRIES OUT in GURGLING wretchedness, choking on
dialog: his own blood as
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Strides over, brings up the hammer once again, flips it
text: around so that the claws face out.
text: THUNK! He SMASHES the claws down into the top of
text: Francis’ head, bloodily DRIVING them into his skull.
text: Francis instantly goes limp, his eyes wide and glassy,
text: his mouth frozen open in a gaping silent scream.
dialog: 84.
text: A strange quiet fills the room as John and Emma stand
text: over Francis’ motionless body.
text: They both slowly look out the window to the guesthouse.
text: No visible movement inside as Emma PULLS the knife from
text: Francis’ motionless body.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We‘ve gotta do this quick.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUESTHOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The door slowly opens. John cautiously slips inside with
text: his hammer in hand. Emma follows with her knife.
text: Both eye the empty pull-out bed: Justin’s not there.
text: John eyes the dark, partially-open doorway leading to the
text: bedroom and looks at Emma. WNods to the chest of drawers.
text: Emma tip toes over to the chest, slides the drawers open
text: anxiously looking for the boat keys. She turns to John,
text: shakes her head -- they’re not here.
text: John swallows and quietly moves to the door. Carefully
text: reaches out and eases it open --
scene_heading: INT. GUESTHOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: The door CREAKS. John winces as a lightning flash
text: ignites the dark bedroom.
text: He sees Krug and Sadie sleeping in the bed. Krug wears
text: only pants, while Sadie’s in her underwear.
text: John warily glances across the room and freezes, his eyes
text: widening in shock as he sees
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
text: sitting huddled in the far corner of the room. AWAKE and
text: looking just as surprised and terrified as he is.
text: Emma appears over John’s shoulder, also FREEZES at the
text: sight of Justin.
text: The three stare at each other in uncertainty. And then --
text: Justin raises Krug’s gun and AIMS IT AT JOHN AND EMMA!
dialog: 85.
text: John and Emma instinctively back away -- raise their
dialog: hands. Take it easy, kid -- easy --
text: cU - JUSTIN - his hand trembling -- tears streaming down
text: his face -- he snivels -- then -- he suddenly turns the
text: gun around and extends his arm further toward John and
dialog: Emma. And they realize --
text: He wants them to take the gun.
text: John nods to Justin. Then carefully steps forward across
text: the creaking hardwood floor that’s only partially muted
text: by the thunder and downpour.
text: John keeps walking, warily keeping his eyes on Justin.
text: CREAK. He steps on another loose FLOORBOARD. John
text: freezes as Krug GROANS and shifts in bed.
text: Emma tenses from the doorway...
text: Krug stays asleep.
text: Relieved, John keeps going, closing in on the gun as
text: Justin quietly stays in his place.
text: John reaches out -- and gently takes it out of Justin’s
text: outstretched hand.
text: A beat of eyes on terrified eyes. Justin then looks away
text: as John turns to the bed and raises the gun, aiming it
text: point blank at Sadie just as a BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes
text: just outside.
text: The CRASH of thunder wakes Sadie and Krug up. Sadie
text: bolts upright in bed, sees John’s silhouette standing
dialog: over her!
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: no!
text: Sadie rolls away as John SHOOTS. BAM! The bullet
text: strikes her in the side of her neck.
text: Sadie SCREAMS in agony as Krug dives out of the bed,
text: grabs one of Mari’s jogging weights he found in her
text: duffel and hurls it back at John, SMACKING him in the
text: shoulder just as he FIRES.
text: Emma charges for Krug who grabs another weight and throws
text: it at her, forcing her to dive back into the living room.
text: John whirls back only to be tackled by a SCREAMING and
text: FLAILING Sadie.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT’D)
dialog: You fucking cocksucker, what the
dialog: fuck are you doing?!
text: She’s beating her arms on John who drops the gun, forced
text: to fight her off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Get the fuck off me --
text: John gains the upper hand, grabs Sadie and tosses her
text: aside, sending her sliding into the bathroom.
text: With that, John grabs the gun, raises up and FIRES at
text: Krug who has grabbed and is now HEAVING the mattress up
dialog: and over toward John!
text: John dives and rolls from underneath it, takes aim and
text: FIRES at Krug, just missing him as
speaker_heading: KRUG
text: DIVES through the window in a hail of shattered glass.
text: John stumbles out awkwardly from under the mattress, gets
text: to his feet and charges to the window. Looks out to see
text: Krug running away through the downpour, heading for the
dialog: main house.
text: John raises the gun and FIRES. Misses.
text: ON JOHN - pissed. Behind him --
speaker_heading: SADIE
text: emerges from the bathroom, grabs a lamp off the bedside
text: table. Emma sees her.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: John!
text: John whirls around.
speaker_heading: SADIE
text: flings the lamp at John who bats it away -- FIRES back
dialog: blindly -- misses --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You fucking bitch!! That was my
dialog: daughter! !
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: (not missing a beat)
dialog: Well, your daughter was a little
dialog: cunt fuck!
text: This as Sadie grabs Justin and drags him back into the
dialog: bathroom.
text: Emma pursues, but she’s not in time. Sadie SLAMS the
text: door in her face.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: SHIT!
text: John heads over, KICKS the door. BAM!
scene_heading: IN THE BATHROOM - SADIE
text: Frantically grabs the SHOWER ROD in a hail of plaster as
scene_heading: OUT IN THE BEDROOM - JOHN
text: SLAMS his body against the bathroom door. BAM! It
speaker_heading: SMASHES open —-
text: WHACK! Sadie SMACKS John in the jaw with the shower rod,
text: sending him to the floor. The gun drops from his hand
text: and skips out the door --
text: Sadie raises the shower rod to strike John again, but --
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: No!
text: Justin charges Sadie and jumps on her back, clawing at
dialog: her face!
speaker_heading: SADIE
dialog: Godammn you little shit!
text: Sadie throws Justin away. He tumbles into the bathtub.
text: He gets up only to face the wrath of Sadie. She CLOCKS
text: him with the shower rod. Justin hits the edge of the
text: tub, falls limp -- out cold.
text: Sadie turns back to face John.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Stay the fuck away!
text: John takes a step forward, looking for an opening --
text: CRASH! SMASH! Sadie wildly knocks the contents of the
text: bathroom to the floor, BASHING holes in the plaster
text: walls, the mirror as she goes absolutely BERSERK,
text: thrashing like a cornered animal gone insane --
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: SADIE (CONT’D)
dialog: I’11 fucking kill you!!
text: Sadie charges for John just as
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Appears in the doorway and levels the gun at Sadie.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: John, GET DOWN!
text: John drops as -- BAM! Emma FIRES. SHOOTS Sadie center
text: forehead, spattering her blood against the tile wall as
text: her body slides to the floor.
text: Emma coldly lowers the gun. Stands frozen for a beat.
text: Then hands the gun back to John who wordlessly accepts
text: it. He steps toward the tub, reaches down to Justin.
text: Turns him over. He’s still out. John feels for a pulse.
text: Turns to Emma, his mind racing --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (re: house)
dialog: I’m gonna go look again, there’s a
dialog: couple of places --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (re: Krug)
dialog: John, he could be --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Goddammit, Emma, keep looking
dialog: here. Five minutes, that’s it,
dialog: otherwise...
dialog: (beat; knows this
dialog: option is all but
dialog: hopeless, but)
dialog: .--We'll go on foot.
text: They step back into the bedroom. John raises the gun,
text: ready for anything as Emma starts searching the bedside
dialog: table drawers...
text: As John cautiously makes his way out, keeping the gun
dialog: aimed ahead at all times --
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - HALLWAY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Krug enters, stumbles around in the darkness, feeling his
text: way along the wall toward the living room...
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Emma‘s tearing the room apart looking for the keys --
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Goddammit! !
text: She empties another drawer -- nothing. She spins around,
text: stops cold at the sight of Justin -- staring at her from
text: the bathroom door. A tense beat. Then --
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: (groggily)
dialog: What can I do?
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Krug heads to the window, spots John making his way
text: toward the house.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Who are these crazy fucks?
text: Krug shakes his head, ducks through the glass sliding
dialog: door onto the
scene_heading: BACK PORCH - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Where we think he’s going to see Mari lying on the hot
text: tub -- but Mari’s gone.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Emma enters with the flashlight. She shines it over to
dialog: the boat to reveal
text: MARI wrapped warmly in a robe and towels, lying in the
dialog: boat‘s back seat!
text: Emma leans over her. Mari’s eyes open, shift up to her
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Hang on, sweetie. We're still --
dialog: we might -- we might have to do
dialog: this another way...
dialog: Evidently, the keys haven’t turned up yet. Off this --
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - BACK PORCH - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: Krug studies the remains of John’s operation on Mari:
text: Bloody towels, pieces of her ripped clothing... Krug
text: picks up the shredded piece of Mari’s tank top.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Son of a bitch --
text: Krug eyes John’s medical bag -- sifts through it, finds a
text: pocket planner, box of surgical gloves, and John’s wallet
text: -- Flips through it. Pockets the cash.
text: Krug suddenly hears a CREAK 0.S. He looks over, spots
text: the poker. Grabs it.
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER
text: The front door is shoved open and John aims the gun into
text: the dark room. Empty and silent.
text: John cautiously enters, heads to a small chest against
text: the wall next to the fireplace. He slides the drawer
text: open, sees a few keys. Frantically picks through them,
text: not finding what he needs. He suddenly stops, catching
dialog: sight of something 0.S:
speaker_heading: HIS WALLET
text: Lying in the middle of the coffee table, conspicuously
text: flipped open to a family photo of John, Emma, and Mari.
text: John nods, scoffs to himself, realizing: Krug _ knows.
text: A CREAK from somewhere within the house. Then another --
text: from the ceiling.
text: John swallows, determination filling his eyes. He raises
dialog: the gun.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Come on out, you piece of shit!
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS
text: Krug rolls his eyes at the sound of those three words.
text: He stands against the wall, calls back out to John --
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Now why would I do that, John?
dialog: You have a gun.
text: John moves into the
scene_heading: FOYER - CONTINUOUS
text: He peers up to the SECOND FLOOR LANDING
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: What are the odds, huh? You ever
dialog: see that old movie, how’s it go --
dialog: “Of all the gin joints on the
dialog: planet, I end up here.” of
dialog: course, looking back, your
dialog: daughter had a lot to do with
dialog: that.
text: Brandishing the gun, John slowly ascends the stairs...
text: There's a sudden lull in the storm. Only the quiet
text: patter of a light rain on the roof.
text: Krug shifts his head, suddenly hearing a few loud CREAKS
text: from the stairs.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: I can hear you, Doc...
text: WITH KRUG - He backs down the hallway, ducks into the
scene_heading: GUEST BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: You‘ve got a pretty determined
dialog: kid, I’1ll give you that. She’s
dialog: caused me a helluva lot of
dialog: heartache today. Why don’t you
dialog: tell me where you and mom stashed
dialog: her so I can thank her personally
dialog: one more time.
text: Krug raises the poker, backs away behind a bookshelf near
dialog: the window and waits --
scene_heading: ON THE SECOND FLOOR LANDING - JOHN
text: reaches the top of the stairs and looks around at the
text: empty hall and doorways of the upper floor.
text: John hardens himself and presses forward, slowly
text: approaching the guest bedroom door.
dialog: 92.
text: WITH KRUG - He hears the creaks, raises the poker. But
text: something 0.S. Catches his eye. He peers out the window,
text: sees the STREAK OF A FLASHLIGHT BEAM dancing around down
text: by the lake. A lightning flash illuminates the distant
text: BOAT HOUSE!
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT’D)
dialog: Well, well... A daring escape by
dialog: water, huh John?!
text: Krug slides the window up as lightning FLASHES and
scene_heading: THUNDER ROLLS --
text: CU - JOHN - hearing that, races down to the bedroom --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: NO! YOU SON OF A --
text: John barges into the guest bedroom, sees the open window,
text: curtains blowing in the wind --
text: John races to the window, looks out --
text: HIS POV - KRUG - outside, heading briskly down the path
dialog: toward the boat house!
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: NO! Emma! shit --
text: John’s about to jump out the window when --
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - OVER JOHN’S SHOULDER - A hulking figure
text: approaches him from behind -- poker raised -- no, THIS IS
text: KRUG. A FLASH of LIGHTNING casts Krug’s shadow over
dialog: John.
text: John WHIRLS around, raises the gun -- WHACK! Krug belts
text: him across the arm, sending the gun flying out the
dialog: window.
text: John turns back, dives to the floor just as Krug SWINGS
text: and misses, SMASHING the poker into the wall as
text: OUTSIDE ON THE PATH
text: The figure we really saw -- JUSTIN -- nears the
dialog: boathouse.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: The side door opens and Justin steps in. Emma whirls
text: around, aims the flashlight. Justin holds up a _set of
text: keys_on a _bobber key chain.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: This them?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Thank god... yes...
text: She grabs them, anxiously pokes her head out the door,
text: looks up to the main house, deeply concerned.
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - 2ND FLOOR LANDING - CONTINUOUS
text: SMACK! Krug hits John in the back with the poker.
text: Krug’s just playing now. Enjoying this. John hits the
text: floor, staggers to the landing’s railing, grabs it, tries
text: to pull himself up.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Lemme help you there, doc.
text: Krug raises his foot and KICKS John hard, sending him
text: through the railing. At the last second, John grabs one
text: of the railing’s supports as it pops free of the
dialog: foundation.
text: John dangles over the floor. Krug SMACKS his hand with
text: the poker. John lets go and plummets to the floor. But
text: it’s not nearly as long a fall as it would have been.
scene_heading: IN THE FOYER
text: John hits the floor with a tremendous THUD as pieces of
text: railing fall around him.
text: John moans and stirs, starting to come around as
speaker_heading: KRUG
text: Stalks down the stairs, flips the poker around --
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Your little girl and her friend
dialog: put up quite a fight, doc.
text: John reacts to the mention of Mari’s “friend” as Krug
text: strokes the tip of the poker --
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT’D)
dialog: You wanna know what I did to Mari?
dialog: I think you do. I think you wanna
dialog: know what it felt like --
text: Krug leans down over a still groggy John and readies the
text: poker, gripping it as if he’s about to shove it up
text: between John’s legs.
dialog: 94.
text: Krug starts the horrific motion to do just that when --
text: the familiar SOUND of a COCKING GUN 0.S. STOPS HIM COLD.
text: He slowly turns, comes face to face with --
text: JUSTIN - standing RIGHT BEHIND HIM aiming the silenced
text: gun POINT BLANK, his moist eyes wide and terrified.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Stopping you. Forever.
text: Krug quickly softens, taking a step forward.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Take it easy, Justin. Don’t do
dialog: anything stup --
text: Justin pulls the trigger --
text: CLICK. The gun’s empty.
text: Krug flinches in surprise, staring at the barrel pointed
text: at him as he realizes his son just tried to shoot him.
text: Equally surprised, Justin stares at the useless weapon.
text: Krug swings the poker, KNOCKS Justin to the floor.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: You sure picked a funny moment to
dialog: grow some balls.
text: Justin tries to crawl away, but Krug quickly yanks him up
text: off the floor, gets in his face:
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT’D)
dialog: But it’s too late. Because I --
dialog: don‘t like you anymore.
text: Krug holds Justin in place as he pushes the poker hard
text: into Justin’s abdomen -- Justin looks at Krug, eyes wide
text: in fear as Krug presses harder, the poker breaking the
text: skin now, blood seeping through Justin's sweatshirt --
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Better -- look --
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: What --
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Better look out you fuck --
dialog: 95.
text: Krug realizes that Justin is referring to the figure
scene_heading: BEHIND HIM --
text: Krug whirls around to see Emma brandishing the FIRE
text: EXTINGUISHER. She SPRAYS an explosive barrage of
text: pressurized foam into Krug’s face --
text: Krug CRIES OUT, drops the poker, stumbles back with his
text: hands to his blinded eyes as John get to his feet,
text: angrily GRABS the fire extinguisher from Emma and
text: advances toward Krug.
text: SLAM! He HITS Krug in the head with the extinguisher.
text: Krug stumbles back. SLAM! John hits him again. Krug
text: stumbles back against a table. Emma comes up behind the
text: winded John who hands her back the fire extinguisher.
text: Her turn. She SWINGS. WHAM! Krug drops to the floor.
text: Very bloodied, half dead or worse as John and Emma stand
dialog: over him. off this --
scene_heading: INT. SKI BOAT - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: CU - MARI - She opens her eyes, looks up at her mom
text: sitting next to her.
text: Emma smiles, moves her hand down to Mari’s waist,
text: revealing the BUTCHER KNIFE firmly clasped in Mari’s
text: hands. Emma gently takes it. Kisses Mari on the
text: forehead as John starts the motor, backs the boat out
text: into the open water...
text: Justin sits silently in the front passenger seat.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - PRE-DAWN - CONTINUOUS
text: As the ski-boat ROARS away across the lake, we PULL BACK
text: to reveal the scattered homes and the town on the horizon
text: as the electricity returns... lights flickering back to
dialog: life...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: A silent beat. Then, suddenly -- we have FLASHES of
scene_heading: QUICK SHOTS --
text: - A scalpel SHINES in an eerie light...
text: - A PAIR OF HANDS don surgical gloves...
text: - The scalpel PIERCES deep into bare skin...
dialog: 96.
text: - WIDER - the hands work the scalpel, pushing it deeper
text: into the middle of a MAN’S BACK.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. COLLINGWOOD HOUSE - GARAGE - TIME UNKNOWN
text: cU - KRUG - his eyes pop open.
text: HIS POV - peering up at the eerie fluorescent work light
text: above him as JOHN leans into frame.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hi.
text: Reveal Krug, lying across John’s work bench.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You‘re feeling the effects of
dialog: general anesthesia.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: I can’t move.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (raising the bloody
dialog: scalpel)
dialog: Because I’ve paralyzed you from
text: the neck down.
text: Krug’s eyes shift as John wheels over a tall tool box
text: The MICROWAVE OVEN sits on top.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: What are you doing?
text: John doesn’t answer as he wheels the mocrowave to behind
text: Krug’s head, then nods to someone O.S.
speaker_heading: KRUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Who’s there? Who's --
text: Another MAN we’ve never seen before enters frame. He’s
text: 50ish, weathered... a BLACK PATCH over his right eye,
text: both sadness and rage in his left.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This is James Griffen.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: I don’t know you. I don’t know
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That’s okay, he knows you. You
dialog: murdered his daughter.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: Oh fuck -- no --
text: James leans down to Krug --
speaker_heading: JAMES GRIFFEN
dialog: Her name was Paige.
text: Krug’s eyes widen as James quietly rolls the open
text: microwave over Krug’s head.
speaker_heading: KRUG
dialog: No -- don’t -- what the fuck --
text: James’ finger moves to the microwave’s keypad, punches in
text: a 20-second count. James looks to John who then moves
text: his finger to the microwave -- and presses START.
text: The microwave HUMS to life as John and James quickly head
dialog: from the room --
text: cU - KRUG - wide-eyed as the microwave starts to FRY AND
scene_heading: MELT HIS FACE -- KRUG SCREAMS -- Just as his HEAD POPS --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO
speaker_heading: BLACK.
dialog: 
