dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAI
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM. NIGHT
text: An immense movie palace with gilded carvings and three
text: balconies. It looks like an opera house. The members of the
text: audience excitedly take their seats. They are dressed in
text: black tie and evening clothes. Flashbulbs go off, the lights
text: dim, and a spotlight shines on a dark, thin man with glasses.
text: He says in Italian (subtitled in English):
scene_heading: FESTIVAL DIRECTOR
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, we are very pleased
dialog: to welcome you to the world premiere of
dialog: Part 1 of the newest film from a great
dialog: favorite of ours here at Loquasto, Mr.
text: Steve Zissou. A brief Q & A will
dialog: immediately follow the screening. Thank
dialog: you very much.
text: The man leaves the stage as the spotlight goes off. The audience
text: applauds. The words Loquasto International Film Festival appear
text: projected against a gold silk curtain. The gold curtain opens, a
text: red curtain beneath it rises, and the film begins.
text: The first title slides into the center of the frame against a
text: black background. It is accompanied by a spinning globe logo.
speaker_heading: TITLE:
dialog: Oseary Drakoulias presents
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: An underwater shot of five divers approaching in pale blue
text: wet suits with navy stripes down the sides. They wear red
text: flippers and have yellow aqualungs strapped to their backs. A
text: gold barracuda with black teeth swims by and swallows a
text: translucent starfish with a live shrimp in its stomach.
text: The next title appears in red:
speaker_heading: TITLE:
scene_heading: THE LIFE AQUATIC
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A shirtless man in a knitted red cap standing alone on the
text: deck of a ship. He is fifty. He has silver hair and a beard
text: with curls. A flock of gulls descends from above and fills
text: the frame. He looks up at them and laughs. The image freezes.
speaker_heading: TITLE:
dialog: with Steve Zissou
text: The image un-freezes, and the birds fly away.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND. DAY
text: A small Mediterranean island. There is a marina in the
text: foreground and a collection of houses and laboratory
text: buildings in the background.
speaker_heading: TITLE:
dialog: Adventure No. 12: “The Jaguar Shark”
dialog: (Part 1)
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. DAY
text: Zissou stands next to a window in an office overlooking the
text: compound and the ocean beyond it. He wears a brown suit with
text: pinstripes and a thin black tie. He speaks calmly into the
dialog: camera:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: The Oubyamywe Peninsula. A remote and
text: fascinating region teeming with
dialog: extraordinary marine life.
text: Zissou pulls down a chain and lowers a map from an apparatus
text: mounted on the wall. He points with a pencil to a spot on the
dialog: Western coast of Africa.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: We chose its mysterious waters as the
text: Belafonte’s next destination.
text: Zissou sits at his desk with charts and graphs in front of
text: him and a model of his ship, the Belafonte, at his side.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: In preparation for our voyage, the
dialog: members of Team Zissou gathered at my
dialog: oceanographic observatory here on
dialog: Pescespada Island.
text: The camera slowly zooms in on Zissou.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: This was to be our most ambitious
dialog: adventure to date -- and, ultimately, a
dialog: tragic one.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN DECK. DAY
text: The crew of the Belafonte sets to work on-board the ship.
text: They wear pale blue swimsuits with navy stripes down the
text: sides, long-sleeved aquamarine polyester shirts with epaulets
text: and Team Zissou logos on them, and red knitted caps. Each has
text: a Glock pistol in a holster on his belt. Zissou introduces
text: them in voice-over.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: Our team included:
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: A heavy-set, slightly hunched man with a shaved head and a
text: bull’s neck but soft eyes. He directs the lowering of a mini-
text: sub suspended from a crane.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0O.)
dialog: Esteban du Plantier, 66, Chief Diver. Our
dialog: senior statesman, my closest colleague
dialog: for twenty-seven years.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A tall, rakish man holding a pair of sunglasses in his mouth.
text: He checks the air pressure gauges on an oxygen tank.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: Klaus Daimler, 40, Engineer. Calm,
dialog: collected, German.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A spindly Indian man with a long beard and a red turban. He
text: puts a 16mm camera onto his shoulder and adjusts the focus.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: Vikram Ray, 28, Cameraman. Born on the
dialog: Ganges.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A young Japanese-American man in a wet suit treading water
text: beside the ship. A dolphin surfaces next to him. He strokes
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: Bobby Ogata, 22, Frogman. Can hold his
dialog: breath for seven minutes, thirty-eight
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A weathered, aristocratic-looking man wearing headphones. He
text: leans over the railing with a microphone on a boom.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: Renzo Pietro, 45, Editor/Sound Man.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A very skinny man with goggles on top of his head sitting
text: behind a microscope. He holds up a slide and squints at it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: Vladimir Wolodarsky, 33, Physicist/
dialog: Original Score Composer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A wavy-haired girl with freckles, topless in a bikini. She
text: clicks off a stopwatch and writes something on a clipboard.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU {V.O.)
text: Anne-Marie Sakowitz, 25, Script-girl.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A dark-skinned Brazilian man. He holds a burning flare over
text: his head. Sparks shower all around.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0O.)
dialog: Pelé dos Santos, 30, Safety Expert.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A beautiful woman in her late forties standing at the prow of
text: the ship smoking a brown cigarette. Her hair is wet, long,
text: and black, parted on the side with a clip in it. She wears a
text: white bathrobe.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: Eleanor Zissou, my wife/Vice-President of
dialog: the Zissou Society.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA, DAY
text: Seven slightly-built college students dressed in Team Zissou
text: T-shirts and camp shorts walk up the gangplank carrying
text: extremely heavy equipment.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: We had also invited seven marine science
dialog: students from the University of North
dialog: Alaska to accompany us as unpaid interns
dialog: in exchange for school credit.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DAY
text: The ship is anchored at sea in open waters. A narrator
dialog: announces:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: October 12. Entry in the logbook of the
text: Belafonte by Captain Zissou.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN DECK. DAY
text: Zissou and Esteban pose in their diving gear looking into the
text: camera with their arms around each other’s shoulders. Zissou
text: kisses Esteban on the cheek. Esteban breaks a saltine in two
dialog: and gives Zissou half.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0O.)
dialog: Esteban and I explore the blue reefs
text: beyond the peninsula.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and Esteban swimming underwater through a bright blue
text: atoll. A school of gently glowing pink fish moves past them.
speaker_heading: ZzISSOU (V.0.)
text: Fluorescent snapper unexpectedly appear
dialog: in the shallows -- extremely rare at this
dialog: depth.
text: Zissou captures one of the fish with a cloth net. It glows
text: pink beneath the thin fabric. Zissou and Esteban laugh
text: through their mouthpieces, and bubbles cascade all around
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN DECK. DAY
text: Klaus and Ogata look nervously over the side of the ship. The
text: water beneath them bubbles violently and begins to turn red.
text: Klaus yells to Ogata:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Where's your gun?
text: Ogata hesitates. Zissou surfaces suddenly. There is blood on
text: his wet suit. He rips off his mask and gasps. He looks
text: disoriented and wildly agitated. He points into the camera
text: and shouts with his voice raspy and cracking:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Is that rolling? Vikram!
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Steve? What’s happening? Where’s --
speaker_heading: Z1SSOU
dialog: Tail slate! Second sticks! Take one!
text: Encounter with highly abnormal shark-like
text: fish at least ten meters in length with
text: unfamiliar dorsal features and spots all
text: over it! I shot it dorsally with a homing
dialog: dart! Esteban was eaten! Check the
text: scanning monitor and start tracking it
dialog: before it dives too --
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Esteban was bitten?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Eaten!
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Is he dead?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: Esteban was eaten! Check the scanning
dialog: monitor before it goes too deep!
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Was he -- he was swallowed whole?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: No! Chewed! Check the scanning monitor!
text: Ogata is filming with a second camera. He puts it down and
text: starts to run inside. Klaus notices that Zissou’s eyes are
text: pinned and blood-shot, and there is a green film around his
text: lips. He says to himself:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: He’s got hydrogen psychosis. Crazy-eye!
dialog: (yelling to Ogata)
dialog: Wait! Get him out of the fucking water!
dialog: There’s something down there!
text: Klaus and Ogata scramble down a ladder to help Zissou. Klaus
text: says loudly but calmly:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Steve, we think you’ve got crazy-eye!
dialog: Don’t try to --
text: Zissou suddenly loses control of himself, jerking around and
text: screaming hysterically toward the water:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Esteban! Esteban! Esteban! Esteban!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou sitting in the audience viewing the film. He wears a
text: red pin in the lapel of his tuxedo. A gold legion of honor
text: medal hangs around his neck. There is a diamond star earring
text: in his left earlobe. His face looks hollow, and his eyes are
text: dark and sunken. He watches expressionlessly.
text: Eleanor sits beside him looking down at the floor. She has
text: her hair in a French twist and wears a sleek, silver dress
dialog: and pearls.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and the director of the festival sitting at a table on-
text: stage after the screening. The audience has thinned out
text: significantly. The director of the festival points to a man
text: in the orchestra. The man asks a question in Italian. The
dialog: director of the festival translates for Zissou:
scene_heading: FESTIVAL DIRECTOR
dialog: Was it a deliberate choice never to show
dialog: the jaguar shark?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: No, I dropped the camera.
text: The audience laughs. The director of the festival translates
text: Zissou's answer into Italian, and the audience laughs again.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Why are they laughing?
text: The audience laughs.
text: An exceptionally clean-cut man in his late twenties sits in
text: the front row of the highest tier of the balconies. He has
text: short blond hair, parted neatly on the side. He wears an
text: airline pilot’s uniform with a Colonel Sanders-type string
text: tie and has his cap tucked under his arm. He is Ned Plimpton.
text: Ned raises his hand, and the director of the festival points
text: to him. Ned speaks with the accent of a deep Southerner:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What’s next for Team Zissou?
text: Zissou shields his eyes from the lights with his hand and
text: squints at Ned. He says evenly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, that was only Part 1. It’s a cliff-
dialog: hanger. Now I’m going to hunt down that
dialog: shark or whatever it is, and, hopefully,
dialog: kill it. I’m not sure how, maybe
dialog: dynamite.
text: A murmur goes through the audience. Some of them have already
text: begun to gather their things and make their way to the exits.
text: The director of the festival looks confused.
scene_heading: FESTIVAL DIRECTOR
dialog: You don’t know what it is?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: No. I’ve never seen anything like it in
dialog: my life.
scene_heading: FESTIVAL DIRECTOR
dialog: You said it was a jaguar shark. That’s
text: the title of the film.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: He was coming right at us. I said the
text: first two words that came into my head.
text: The director of the festival hesitates. Zissou points to a
text: young woman in the audience with her hand in the air. She
text: asks a question in French. The director of the festival
dialog: translates for Zissou:
scene_heading: FESTIVAL DIRECTOR
dialog: It's an endangered species, at most. What
dialog: would be the scientific purpose of
dialog: killing it?
text: Silence. Zissou answers as if it goes without saying:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Revenge.
text: The director of the festival translates Zissou’s answer into
dialog: French.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. NIGHT
text: The lobby of the theatre. A terrace opens onto the harbor,
text: and the Belafonte is anchored in the distance. The members of
text: the audience flood out of the auditorium. Zissou walks with
text: the director of the festival at his side. An elderly man
text: dressed in a safari jacket follows, stalking them. A pale,
text: angular woman wearing bright red lipstick and a complex,
text: asymmetrical hat intercepts them.
speaker_heading: PALE WOMAN
dialog: Bravo! What fun!
scene_heading: FESTIVAL DIRECTOR
dialog: Steve, I'd like to introduce you to
text: Antonia Cook, the new head of the film
dialog: society.
text: The woman clasps Zissou'’s hands.
speaker_heading: PALE WOMAN
dialog: You must be so excited!
speaker_heading: ZISsoU
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: I hope so. You thought it went OK?
speaker_heading: PALE WOMAN
dialog: No, congratulations. Seriously.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Thanks. I wish it didn’t need the
dialog: seriously, but --
speaker_heading: PALE WOMAN
dialog: Hm?
dialog: (suddenly pensive)
dialog: Well, I just don’t think they knew what
dialog: to make of it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah. Oh, well. Fuck it, I guess.
text: Zissou pushes through the crowded room. He comes upon a
text: seventy-year-old Englishman with white hair, oiled and combed
text: straight back, and large, round sunglasses. He wears a black
text: suit, a white shirt, and a white tie. He is Oseary
text: Drakoulias. Drakoulias takes hold of Zissou’s arm and says
dialog: enthusiastically:
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: Steve --
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: It’s a shit turnout tonight.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I believe you know Larry Amin, Chairman
dialog: of Saudifilm.
text: Drakoulias motions to a small Arab man standing next to him.
text: The man has a neat, white beard and a military-style beret
text: with a jewel pinned into it. Zissou nods restlessly.
speaker_heading: Z2I1SSOU
dialog: Oh, yeah. Hi.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: Larry and I were just discussing our
dialog: financial predicament. Shall the three of
dialog: us ride out to the party together?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Why? Has Larry got that kind of spending
dialog: bread to invest?
text: A pair of photographers interrupts:
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Captain Zissou, can we get a shot of you
dialog: and Captain Hennessey?
text: Zissou frowns. He turns and sees an immaculately dressed man
text: in black tie and chromium-framed eyeglasses with the same
text: medal around his neck and pin in his lapel that Zissou wears.
text: He also has several additional ribbons and badges, and he
text: holds a gold-plated award statuette of a barracuda. He is
text: surrounded by a Japanese television crew. He is Alistair
text: Hennessey. Zissou says to the photographers:
speaker_heading: Z1SSOU
dialog: Make it quick.
text: Zissou and Hennessey stand shoulder-to-shoulder for the
text: photographers. The elderly man in the safari jacket stands
text: among them, watching. Flashbulbs start popping.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Hello, Steven. How are things going with
dialog: your -- what are you calling it? Leopard
dialog: fish?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Jaguar shark.
dialog: 1i.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: (thrilled)
dialog: Jaguar shark, exactly! I love it!
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: Tell me something. Does it actually
dialog: exist?
text: Pause. Zissou smiles slightly.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, you know, Allie. I don’t want to
text: give away the ending.
text: Hennessey nods and smiles.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Good man. Here comes our girl.
text: Hennessey motions to Eleanor approaching from across the
text: room. He kisses her on both cheeks.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: You're the most ravishing creature I’ve
dialog: seen in my life.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Hello, Skinny.
text: Eleanor points to one of Hennessey’s medals.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Is that a new merit badge?
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: As a matter of fact, it is. I just became
dialog: a knight in Portugal. The presidente --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Don’t be nice to Allie. He’s my nemesis.
text: Hennessey laughs. He kisses Eleanor again and rejoins his
text: Japanese television crew. Eleanor takes Zissou by the arm and
text: walks with him.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: How could you lay that slick faggot?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Well, I was in love with him, at the
dialog: time.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: {sighs)
dialog: Yeah, I know. He’s charismatic.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (strangely)
text: I'm right on the edge. I don’t know what
text: comes next.
text: Eleanor looks into Zissou’s eyes. She frowns. She opens her
text: handbag and digs inside. She says to Zissou:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Wait here. I’11 be right back.
text: Eleanor walks away. A tall, beautiful African girl comes over
text: and stops squarely in front of Zissou. Zissou looks nervous.
speaker_heading: AFRICAN GIRL
dialog: I just wanted to say hello. Hi.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Hey, baby.
text: Zissou starts to kiss the African girl on the cheek. She
text: blocks him with her arm and feints away. Zissou looks
text: surprised.
speaker_heading: AFRICAN GIRL
dialog: I said I wanted to say hello. I didn’t
dialog: say I wanted you to touch me.
text: Silence. Eleanor returns with a glass of whiskey and two
text: Valiums for Zissou. She and the African girl stare at each
text: other. Zissou points to Bleanor.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I'm here with my wife. Eleanor, this is
dialog: Mandeeza. Mandeeza --
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Do we really want to put me through this?
text: Pause. Zissou shakes his head. Eleanor hands him the whiskey
text: and the pills. She and the African girl walk swiftly away in
text: different directions. Zissou sees the elderly man in the
text: safari jacket spying on him from behind a lamp. The elderly
text: Man moves away. Zissou swallows the pills and drinks the
text: whiskey. He goes over to a television set on a pedestal.
dialog: 13.
text: It shows him being interviewed on an English talk show.
text: Esteban sits beside him. The host says:
speaker_heading: HOST (ON T.V.)
dialog: People say Eleanor is the brains behind
dialog: Team Zissou. What is Steve?
text: Zissou hesitates. Esteban interrupts slyly:
speaker_heading: ESTEBAN (ON T.V.)
dialog: He’s the Zissou.
text: Esteban shrugs.
text: Zissou smiles identically on television and watching it. He
text: reaches out and touches Esteban’s face on the screen. Static
text: crackles at his fingertip. He turns away from the television
text: set and looks across the room blankly. Klaus brings over a
text: ten-year-old German boy with bronze~colored skin and nearly-
text: white hair in a buzz-cut. He wears lederhosen. He carries a
text: small plastic bag filled with water.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Steve, this is my little nephew, Werner.
dialog: He wanted to meet you.
text: Zissou pats the boy on the head.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: How you doing, Werner?
text: Werner holds out the plastic bag.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: He brought you a present.
text: Zissou takes the plastic bag and holds it up to his eyes.
text: There is a tiny blue, green, yellow, red, and orange striped
text: sea-horse swimming inside. Zissou says quietly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: A crayon pony-fish.
text: Zissou looks down at Werner.
speaker_heading: ZISsou
dialog: Thanks, pal.
text: Zissou takes off his tie and puts it into his pocket. He tugs
text: on his collar and takes a deep breath. Klaus frowns.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: You don’t look too good, Steve.
dialog: 14.
text: Zissou licks his hand and presses down his hair awkwardly,
text: rearranging his cowlicks. He looks to Klaus.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: How about now?
text: Klaus hesitates. Zissou sees the elderly man in the safari
text: jacket lurking behind him. He snaps:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What do you need, old man?
text: The elderly man thrusts a photograph and a pen into Zissou's
dialog: hands.
scene_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: Could you sign this, please?
text: Zissou looks at the photograph. It is a picture of a younger,
text: blond Zissou underwater pointing a spear-gun at a black squid
text: with four blue eyes and yellow ink. A title across the bottom
text: says Shadow Creatures of the Lurisia Archipelago.
text: Zissou signs the photograph.
scene_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: And this.
text: The elderly man hands Zissou another photograph. It is a
text: picture of two divers with movie cameras filming a swarm of
text: writhing sea-cobras. A title across the bottom says The
text: Battling Eels of Antibes.
text: Zissou signs the photograph.
scene_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: And this.
text: The elderly man hands Zissou another photograph. It is a
text: picture of a younger Zissou running at a full sprint
text: alongside a black panther with white spots. A title across
dialog: the bottom says Island Cats!
text: Zissou frowns.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: How many you got there?
text: Zissou sees that there are about twenty-five more photographs
text: in the elderly man’s hand. He frowns.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Just forge the rest of them, will you?
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: But I could’ve done that --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Get lost. Get out of here.
text: The elderly man looks startled. He walks away.
text: Zissou sees Eleanor standing alone outside the window looking
text: into the harbor. He raps on the glass. Eleanor turns to look
text: at him. Zissou shrugs. He waves to her. Eleanor waves back
text: sadly. She holds up a pill of her own and swallows it with a
dialog: drink of whiskey.
text: Zissou smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. AUDITORIUM. NIGHT
text: Zissou and Eleanor come out of the theatre and walk down the
text: red carpet along the front steps surrounded by a mob of fans
text: and paparazzi snapping pictures, jostling, and yelling.
text: Drakoulias, Klaus, Ogata, Pelé, Renzo, and Vikram follow
text: them. Zissou is blank and silent. He puts on his red cap.
text: A tall man in a polo shirt motions to Zissou.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Hey, Steve! How come you’re not sitting
dialog: shiva for your friend Esteban?
text: Zissou stops. He looks at the man.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What’d you say?
text: Pause. The man shrugs and says with a slight smile:
speaker_heading: TALL MAN
dialog: Who you going to kill in Part 2?
text: The man points a pocket camera at Zissou and takes a
text: snapshot. Zissou stares at the man. He lunges through the
text: crowd and reaches for the man’s throat. The man dodges
text: awkwardly and clips Zissou across the mouth with his camera.
text: Klaus and Drakoulias pull Zissou back. The mob goes into a
text: panic. Eleanor lights a cigarette.
text: Zissou moves away, disoriented, holding his hand against his
text: mouth. A line of blood runs down the side of his chin. He
text: looks at his sea-horse. The plastic bag is leaking.
dialog: 16.
text: Zissou takes a glass of champagne out of someone’s hand. He
text: empties it onto the ground. He pours the sea-horse and the
text: rest of the water into the glass. He walks down the steps in
text: a daze, holding the glass carefully above the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN DECK. NIGHT
text: A party on-board the Belafonte moored in the bay. Pelé sits
text: on deck playing a David Bowie song on a guitar. The guests
dialog: are writers, artists, scientists, socialites, movie stars,
text: fashion models, government officials, and business tycoons.
text: Three motorboats flying Team Zissou flags wait tied alongside
dialog: the ship.
text: The lights of hotels and casinos glimmer on the shore.
scene_heading: INT. SALON. NIGHT
text: A living room with faux-wood Formica walls and tables for
text: backgammon, chess, and cards. Drakoulias sits in a red vinyl
text: armchair. Eleanor is on a red vinyl sofa playing solitaire.
text: There are strips of duct tape to repair rips in the vinyl.
text: Zissou has a swollen cut on his lip. He paces around the
text: room. Klaus and Wolodarsky play backgammon in the corner.
text: Drakoulias holds a glass of sherry. The party continues
text: outside.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: Larry Amin’s flying back to Mecca tonight
text: to see if he can make the numbers work.
dialog: He‘1l have an answer for us in ten days.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (immediately)
dialog: Tell him we need to know by Sunday.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Why would I do that, my darling?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: To call his bluff, dammit. To light a
text: fire under his ass.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULTIAS
dialog: My darling, we haven’t made a hit
dialog: documentary in nine years. Let’s not fuck
dialog: with Larry Amin. Explain it to him,
dialog: Eleanor.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (flipping a card)
dialog: He understands. Amin has to make a
dialog: projection of the world grosses to see if
dialog: he can get a tax break and run it through
dialog: his output deal.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I don’t understand -- but I can tell it’s
dialog: bullshit.
text: Eleanor looks to Zissou. Zissou stares down at her cards.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You can put the three on the four.
text: Pause. Eleanor moves the three of clubs onto the four of
dialog: hearts.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Werner, what are you doing?
text: Werner stands on a table in the corner of the room with his
text: sleeve rolled up to his shoulder and his arm reaching for a
text: turtle at the bottom of an aquarium filled with water.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Be careful, Werner. That’s a snapper.
text: Werner lifts the turtle out of the aquarium. It has red and
text: yellow markings and a slightly broken shell. He flips it
text: over. The word Albert is written on the bottom of the turtle
text: in magic marker. He drops it back into the tank.
text: Silence. Zissou shrugs.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, if you’1l excuse me, I’m going to
dialog: go on an overnight drunk, and in ten days
dialog: I’m going to head out to find the shark
dialog: that ate my friend and destroy it. Anyone
dialog: who wants to join me is more than
dialog: welcome.
text: Zissou goes out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN DECK. NIGHT
text: The party is in full swing. Zissou puts on his red cap and
text: walks purposefully toward the bar. The pilot from the upper
text: balcony at the screening approaches him and says reluctantly:
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Captain Zissou? I’m sorry to bother you.
dialog: I’m Ned Plimpton.
speaker_heading: ZISsoU
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: OK, man.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: My mother was Katherine Plimpton.
text: Zissou stops. He looks confused.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: She died last month.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
text: Oh. I‘m sorry. Holy shit. She was -- Hm.
text: A long, complicated moment passes between Zissou and Ned.
text: Zissou says quietly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I've heard of you.
text: Zissou and Ned step out of the crowd and stand together next
text: to the railing of the ship.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I don’t know if it’s true, by the way. Do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No, I don’t.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I hadn’t seen her in maybe thirty years.
dialog: (pause)
text: I guess it’s too late now.
text: Ned nods. Silence.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: She never contacted me, you know.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yes, I see.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You're supposed to be my son, right?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I don’t know. But I did want to meet you,
dialog: just in case.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I appreciate that.
text: Zissou pats Ned gently on the shoulder. He takes a deep
text: breath. He nods. Ned locks at him with a hopeful expression.
text: Zissou suddenly finds himself struggling to hold back his
text: emotions. He looks up at the sky. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: Z2ISSOU
dialog: I'll be right back. Don’t go away.
text: Zissou turns and walks quickly among the party-goers. They
text: try to get his attention, but he does not respond. He climbs
text: a set of stairs. He goes to the prow of the ship. He reaches
text: into his pocket, takes out a joint, and lights it.
text: He stands alone, smoking, and looks out at the dark ocean.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou coming back to Ned, who has not moved an inch.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Sorry about that. You’re catching me with
text: one foot off the merry-go-round tonight.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh, that’s all right. I don’t want to
dialog: take up any more of your time. Thank you
dialog: very much for talking to me.
text: Drakoulias grabs Zissou and Ned by their arms. He is now
text: slightly drunk.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: We'll find a way, mate.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I know we will.
dialog: 20.
text: Drakoulias hugs Zissou.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: I just had a lovely chat with Si Perlman,
dialog: and he wants to make a big to-do of the
dialog: Oceanographic Explorer article and
dialog: possibly give you the cover, so do be
dialog: nice to this girl Miss Winslett-
dialog: Richardson. Apparently, she worships you,
dialog: and we dearly need the press.
text: Zissou nods and motions to Ned.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: This is probably my son, Ned. We just
dialog: met.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Ah. Delightful.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER DECK. NIGHT
text: A long table under an awning at the back of the ship. It is
text: filled with people, including Drakoulias, talking loudly and
text: drinking. Eleanor sits with her legs crossed holding a
text: champagne cocktail and smoking a cigarette.
text: Zissou stands above her with Ned just behind them.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: Obviously, this all comes unexpectedly.
dialog: You never knew about it. But --
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I'd heard the story -- and you told me it
dialog: wasn’t true.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, it probably isn’t. We’re talking
dialog: ancient history here. But, anyway, his
dialog: mother just died, plus we’re having some
dialog: problems --
text: Eleanor gives Zissou a cold look. Ned jams his hands into his
text: pockets and shifts uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: -- and I just think it’s a very special
dialog: opportunity for all of us. Especially
dialog: him. He needs this deal.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: OK. Bring him over.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, he’s right here.
text: Zissou points to Ned. Eleanor turns around and sees him. Ned
text: bows awkwardly. Eleanor looks flustered. She says simply:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR,
dialog: I’m sorry. How do you do?
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE. NIGHT
text: Zissou and Ned sit in the dark at the controls of the ship.
text: Lights blink on the consoles. Zissou smokes a joint.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: No, it went OK. There’s just a lot in
dialog: play here that’s got nothing to do with
dialog: you, in terms of me and Eleanor.
text: Zissou hands the joint to Ned. Ned hesitates, then takes a
text: puff. He exhales.
speaker_heading: ZISsou
dialog: So tell me. What do you do?
text: Pause. Ned points to his pilot’s cap.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I’m a pilot. For Air Kentucky. Co-pilot,
dialog: actually.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Air Kentucky. Yeah. I don’t know that
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (nods)
dialog: We hub out of Louisville.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Oh, sure. There’s some pretty country
dialog: around those parts. Land-locked. Can I
dialog: get that number back over here for a
dialog: second?
text: Zissou points to the joint in Ned’s hand. Ned quickly hands
text: it back to Zissou.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I beg your pardon.
text: Zissou nods and smokes.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I have to tell you, I’ve been a member of
dialog: the Zissou Society since I was eleven.
text: Ned shows Zissou a Team Zissou ring on his finger. It is very
text: old and looks like it came out of a cereal box. Zissou looks
text: at it and says with admiration:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, I’11 be dammed. Look at that.
text: Zissou offers the joint back to Ned.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You want to kill this?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Frankly, I’d better not. I don’t usually
dialog: try grass.
text: Ned takes an old-fashioned pipe out of his jacket pocket. He
text: lights it with a match, takes a puff, and smiles at Zissou.
text: Zissou shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Are you putting me on? Is this what
dialog: you’re really like?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates}
dialog: In what sense?
text: Pause. Zissou nods.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: OK. I buy it.
text: Zissou picks up his model of the Belafonte and holds it in
text: his hands.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Let me tell you about my boat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A life-sized cross-section of the entire ship anchored in
text: shallow waters. The hull is rusted along the water-line and
text: needs a coat of paint. It is day, and the sky is pink. Zissou
dialog: 23.
text: stands on deck with a fishing pole in his hands. People move
text: among the cabins inside. There are schools of fish, coral,
text: and seaweed below. The camera takes us from one area to the
text: next as Zissou describes the facilities in voice-over:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
text: The Belafonte was a long-range sub-hunter
dialog: during the second world war, which we
dialog: bought from the U.S. Navy for $900,000.
dialog: This is my mentor, Lord Mandrake. He's
text: dead now.
text: A silver-nitrate photograph of a dashing old man hangs on the
text: wall of the dining room. In the picture, the man stands on a
text: beach dressed all in white with his trouser legs rolled-up.
text: The camera booms down two levels to a completely blue-tiled
text: Spa on the lowest deck. Steam fills the air. A sturdy, Nordic
text: woman in her sixties gives Klaus a violent massage.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: The sauna was designed by an engineer
dialog: from the Chinese space program, and we
dialog: keep a Swedish masseuse on staff.
text: We move quickly past a laboratory with a large, colorful
text: periodic table hanging from the wall. Wolodarsky sits on a
text: stool nocdling on a Casio keyboard and a cheap drum machine.
text: A beaker of orange liquid bubbles on a Bunsen burner. Zissou
dialog: says dismissively:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: Here’s where we do all our different
dialog: science projects and experiments and so on.
text: We arrive at the kitchen. There is a fancy, new dishwasher, a
text: computerized refrigerator, and a digital toaster-oven. The
text: wine cellar is twice the size of the laboratory. A cook ices
text: Happy Birthday, Ogata! across the top of a cake.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: This is the kitchen, which contains
dialog: probably some of the most technologically
text: advanced equipment on the ship.
text: The next cabin is lined with books from floor to ceiling on
text: every wall, with a Dewey decimal system card-catalogue. There
text: is a metal rack displaying a twenty-five volume collection of
dialog: Zissou Society books on various, esoteric undersea creatures
dialog: and phenomena: Tragedy of the Red Octopus, The Sexual
text: Maturity of the Moonfish, The Arctic Night-lights. They are
text: all written by Eleanor Zissou, and she sits behind the rack
text: correcting a set of proofs and smoking a brown cigarette.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: ZISsou (V.0.)
dialog: Eleanor put together a top-notch research
dialog: library for us, with a complete, first-
dialog: edition set of the Life Aquatic companion
dialog: series.
text: We go to a sound-proofed room the size of a closet. Vikram
text: sits inside behind a glass partition. He wears headphones.
text: Renzo operates a tape recorder. There is also a flat-bed
text: editing console and an accumulation of out-dated film
text: developing machines.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0O.)
dialog: We process our own rushes and keep a
dialog: cutting room on-board so we can do an
dialog: assembly while we're shooting.
text: There are three little beeps before Vikram speaks into a
text: microphone in a panicked voice:
speaker_heading: VIKRAM
dialog: I can’t find them!
text: Renzo murmurs some mild approval and presses a button. We
text: move to a metal sphere with portholes all over it connected
text: to the bottom of the ship. Ogata is inside. He looks out with
text: his face pressed against the glass.
speaker_heading: ZISsou (V.0.)
dialog: This is the observation bubble, which I
text: thought up in a dream, actually.
text: There are two white dolphins with cameras and electronic gear
text: attached to them swimming underwater alongside the vessel.
text: They have pink eyes.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
text: Two albino scouts swim with the ship.
dialog: They’re supposedly very intelligent,
dialog: although I’ve never seen any evidence of
dialog: it.
text: We move past the screw and rudder back up into the ship. The
text: motor looks old and jerry-rigged, with a severely rusted and
text: warped section of rods and valves, which leak into a pan.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: Here’s the engine room. The bearing-
dialog: casings aren’t supposed to look like
dialog: that, but we can‘t afford to fix them
dialog: this year.
dialog: 25.
text: The main deck is outfitted with an array of weather-beaten
text: equipment, two cranes, and a helicopter landing deck. Pelé
text: sits in a chair tuning his guitar.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: Topside, we’ve got the bridge, the mini-
text: sub, an old chopper, and all kinds of
text: radar and sonar and underwater movie
text: gadgets.
text: A submersible vessel on deck was once called Jacqueline, but
text: that word has been crossed-out, and Deep Search has been
text: printed below it.
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: What happened to Jacqueline?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: (bittersweet)
dialog: She didn’t really love me.
text: All the lights in the ship dim suddenly, and the light of the
text: pink sky and the blue water gently fades to black.
scene_heading: EXT. EXPLORERS CLUB. DAY
text: The next morning. A converted palazzo behind a church. A
text: brass plaque next to the door says Explorers Club.
scene_heading: INT. EXPLORERS CLUB. DAY
text: The great hall. There are paintings of adventurers on the
text: walls: big-game hunters, arctic explorers, archaeologists,
text: astronauts, aviators, etc. Under a stuffed and mounted
text: swordfish, there are portraits of three oceanographers.
text: One is of Mandrake, based on the photograph. One is of
text: Zissou, underwater in a swimsuit. One is of Hennessey,
text: dressed in a tailored white lab coat, tweed pants, sandals,
text: and a pink cashmere scarf. He wears a supercilious half-
dialog: smile.
text: Zissou and Ned are still in their clothes from the night
text: before. They look very dishevelled. Zissou points to the
text: picture of Hennessey.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: This guy’s a big-time asshole. We were
dialog: room-mates at the Academy, and he used to
dialog: be married to Eleanor.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (cont'd)
dialog: (pause)
text: He hogs up all the grant money.
text: The dining room, which is empty except for a few leathery,
text: battle-hardened old men and a group of young academics. A
text: waiter stands beside Zissou and Ned at their table.
speaker_heading: ZISsSoU
dialog: You think you'll want to change your
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Ned?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: No, not the Ned part, unless you want to.
dialog: I mean your last name. I thought you
dialog: might let me give you mine.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: {pause)
dialog: Ned Zissou.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Ned Zissou, exactly. Or, if you want, you
dialog: can change the first part, too. I
dialog: would've named you Kingsley if I'd hada
dialog: say in it.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Kingsley. I don’t know. Maybe I'll stick
dialog: with Ned, for now.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Sure. That's OK. Anyway, I'll order you
dialog: some correspondence stock.
text: The waiter opens a bottle of red wine and pours a little bit
text: into Ned’s glass for him to taste. Zissou looks horrified. He
dialog: says to the waiter:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What are you doing?
text: The waiter hesitates. Ned looks uneasy.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: He doesn’t know anything about wine. I
dialog: ordered the wine. Pour it here.
dialog: 27.
text: The waiter pours some wine for Zissou. Zissou leans forward
text: and sniffs it. He nods. The waiter fills their glasses.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You know, I wasn’t sure you’d even want
dialog: to meet me.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah. Well, we still need to find out if
dialog: we're really compatible as father and
dialog: son, I guess.
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Are those assholes talking about me?
text: One of the young academics at the next table says loudly in
dialog: Italian (subtitled in English):
speaker_heading: YOUNG ACADEMIC
dialog: No, I thought that was Steve Zissou. Have
dialog: you seen him lately? He’s gotten creepy.
text: He wears a gay little earring, and he
dialog: drunkenly tried to hit on my fifteen-year-
text: old cousin at a French disco. She was
text: terrified. What happened to him? His last
dialog: movies are just total --
text: One of the young academic’s companions whispers something to
text: him. The young academic frowns.
speaker_heading: YOUNG ACADEMIC
dialog: What? No.
text: The young academic turns around quickly and looks Zissou
text: square in the eye. Zissou stares at him coldly. The young
text: academic looks mortified. He turns away and sinks into his
dialog: chair.
text: Silence. Zissou suddenly bursts out laughing hysterically.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAY
text: A narrow, cobble-stoned alley at the edge of a square. Zissou
text: sits on a curb in the shadows curled over with his head
text: buried in his lap and his arms wrapped around his knees. Ned
text: squats beside him.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: People tell me when someone says
dialog: something like that about you, it’s
dialog: because they’re jealous -- but it still
dialog: hurts.
text: (with a catch in his voice)
dialog: It hurts bad.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That man was damn rude. He can go to
dialog: hell.
text: Zissou stands up. He takes the earring out of his ear and
text: throws it into the street. Ned picks it up and hands it back
text: to Zissou. Zissou puts it into his pocket. (He will never
dialog: wear it again.)
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: How’d she die, by the way? Your mother.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She took her own life. She took sleeping
dialog: pills.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: {wounded)
dialog: Why would she do that?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, she was in a great deal of pain,
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Oh. I see. Yeah.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know, my best friend just got killed.
dialog: Esteban.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I know he did. I’m sorry.
text: Zissou nods. Pause.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Let’s go to my island.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, but I’m supposed to be back in
text: Kentucky on Thursday.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Thursday, OK. That’s OK.
text: Zissou looks up and down the street. He turns to Ned.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Where can we charter a water-plane around
dialog: here?
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DAY
text: A small, single-engine sea-plane flies low over the water and
text: banks around a group of tiny, volcanic islands.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA. DAY
text: Zissou and Ned climb out of the sea-plane onto the dock at
text: Pescespada Island. Zissou carries an open bottle of black
text: rum, and each holds a shot glass. They walk toward the
dialog: compound.
scene_heading: EXT. ZISSOU HOUSE. DAY
text: The main living quarters is a white and pale blue terra-cotta
text: house with peeling paint and numerous French doors, all wide
text: open. White curtains ripple in the breeze, and dozens of
text: domesticated birds fly in and out of the rooms. Five Siamese
text: cats prowl around the front porch. There are olive trees and
text: grape vines and two Irish wolfhounds in the garden. There is
text: a small wooden tower ten feet tall with a ladder up the side
text: and a telescope on the top.
text: Eleanor stands at the end of the path. She wears white pants
text: and a white tunic with a string of turquoise beads around her
text: neck. She holds a white tulip bulb and a trowel. There are
text: grass stains and dirt on her clothes. She watches as Zissou
text: and Ned shuffle over to her.
text: Zissou drinks the last of the rum and hands Ned the empty
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Your cat’s dead.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: What? Which one?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Marmalade. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pained)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
text: A rattlesnake bit it in the throat.
speaker_heading: 2ISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Goddammit, Eleanor. Why do you have to
dialog: (more)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ZIssou (cont'd)
dialog: say it like that? Couldn’t you break it
dialog: to me a little --
text: Eleanor turns away and walks into the garden. Zissou and Ned
text: stand together in silence. Zissou finally sighs and says:
speaker_heading: ZISsOoU
dialog: She’s a rich bitch, you know. She was
text: raised by maids. Her parents paid for
dialog: this island and two of my worst movies.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: People say she’s the brains behind Team
dialog: Zissou.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: People say a lot of things. What kind of
dialog: cat was it?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Who gives a shit?
text: Pause. Zissou says sadly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I think she was a tabby.
text: Ned nods. Eleanor finishes planting her tulip and walks past
text: Zissou and Ned, toward the house.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Come inside, Ned. Let’s make-up a room
dialog: for you.
text: Ned looks to Zissou and follows Eleanor into the house.
text: Eleanor says without looking back:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: That reporter called.
text: Zissou nods. He goes over to a bucket of ice near the front
text: door and takes out a fish. He walks through the garden to a
text: large swimming pool adjacent to the laboratory buildings. He
text: stands on the edge of a platform and holds the fish out over
text: the water. He waits expressionlessly.
text: A killer whale bursts into the air, takes the fish out of
text: Zissou’s hand, and splashes back into the water.
scene_heading: INT. ZISSOU HOUSE. NIGHT
text: A guest bedroom. Ned is asleep with the windows open. A
text: digital flip-clock reads 2AM. Zissou’s voice shouts from an
text: intercom next to the bed:
text: Ned opens
dialog: Ned finds
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: Ned, wake up!
text: his eyes and looks around the room in confusion.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
text: I’m on the echo-box! Push the red button
dialog: to answer! Throw on your slop and meet me
dialog: on the beach in twelve minutes!
text: the intercom. He holds down a red button and says:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: OK.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. NIGHT
text: There is a mist along the shore. Ned has a tape recorder
text: slung around his neck. He wears headphones and holds a
text: microphone. Klaus carries a 16mm camera with a spotlight
text: attached to it on his shoulder. Zissou and Ogata stand in
text: front of them. They have large flashlights, which are turned
text: off. They all wear pale blue and green striped pajamas.
text: Zissou speaks into Klaus’ camera:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Seven-apple, take one.
dialog: (dramatically)
dialog: Only twice before have I had the good
dialog: fortune to observe a rubber tide -- that
dialog: rare occurrence when hundreds of electric
text: jellyfish spontaneously wash onto a beach-
text: head at once. Ogata brings exactly this
dialog: to our attention tonight.
text: Zissou nods to Ogata. They turn on their flashlights. There
text: is a sea of man-of-wars awash on the shore. They shimmer and
text: breathe in the soft glow. Silence.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Steve, what produces that effect of
dialog: illumination? Is there a chemical inside
dialog: the organism?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No, Ned. It’s actually the reflection of
text: our flashlights off their outer membranes.
dialog: (impressed with Ned’s line)
dialog: That was a good ad-lib.
text: Zissou stares at Ned. He turns to Klaus suddenly.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Klaus, move into a two-shot of me and
dialog: Ned.
text: Zissou stands next to Ned. Klaus points the camera at the two
text: of them. Zissou puts his hand on Ned’s shoulder and says with
dialog: heightened significance:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Would you like to join my crew?
text: Klaus looks horrified. Ned hesitates.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I want you on Team Zissou.
text: Ned looks surprised and moved. Klaus cuts the camera. Ned
dialog: says reluctantly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I don’t think I can do that.
speaker_heading: ZISSCU
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, for one thing, it’s not my field. I
dialog: don’t have the background for it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Nobody here does. Klaus used to be a bus
dialog: Griver. Wolodarsky was a high-school
dialog: substitute teacher. I found Esteban
text: slinging cassoulet in a cheap road-side
dialog: brasserie.
dialog: (standing on his toes)
dialog: We’re all a pack of strays -- don’t you
dialog: get it?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I’m not even that strong of a swimmer,
dialog: Steve.
text: Zissou stares at Ned with a blank expression. Ned says
dialog: suddenly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: The answer is yes.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, it’s got to be. I’1ll order you a
text: red cap and a Speedo.
text: Zissou hugs Ned. Ned seems overwhelmed. Zissou turns to
dialog: Klaus.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Cut.
text: Zissou sees that Klaus is pointing the camera at the ground.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Klaus! Why aren’t you rolling? You’re
dialog: supposed to be getting this.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Can I have a word with you, please?
text: Zissou frowns. He goes over to Klaus, and they speak
dialog: privately.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: That was a goddamn tear-jerker. Why'd you
dialog: eut it, man?
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Because the sound’s going to be shit. He
dialog: doesn’t know how to hold a boom. He
dialog: doesn’t know diddly-jack about what we
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Don’t cut unless I say cut.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: I’ve never seen so many electric
dialog: jellyfish in my life!
text: Zissou and Klaus look at Ned. A voice behind them says:
speaker_heading: JANE
text: Those are Viet-Cong man-of-wars.
text: They all turn around and see a pregnant, thirty-year-old
text: woman with three suitcases standing about twenty-five feet
text: away in the mist near the water. She wears rolled-up khaki
text: shorts, a safari jacket, and rubber boots. Her hair is ina
text: braided pony-tail. She chews gum. She locks severely
text: exhausted.
dialog: 34.
text: Zissou stares down at one of the man-o-wars. He nudges it
text: with his foot.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Shit. She's right. I guess we'll have to
dialog: loop that line.
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: Where’d you come from? You look pregnant.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I am pregnant. I’m not even going to ask
dialog: what you men are doing out here in your
text: matching pajamas, by the way.
speaker_heading: ZISsou
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: We're producing a film, as matter of
dialog: fact. Who are you?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I’m Jane Winslett-Richardson. I'm the
text: reporter from Oceanographic Explorer.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Oh, yeah. Sure. How’d you get out here?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I hired some drunk with a fishing boat.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, that takes four hours. Why’d you --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Because no one picked me up at the f-ing
dialog: airport.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You’re kidding. Jesus Christ, Klaus! I'm
dialog: sorry. One of my guys was supposed to do
dialog: that.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. NIGHT
text: Ned and Klaus carry Jane’s suitcases down a long hallway.
text: Zissou and Jane walk with them, empty-handed. There are
text: action-photographs of crew members past and present on every
text: wall. Jane says to Ned:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: How long have you been working with
dialog: Zissou?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
text: Approximately only ten minutes, actually.
dialog: I was hired during the scene on the
dialog: beach.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (skeptically)
dialog: He‘s Steve’s son, supposedly.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You are? No, you’re not. He doesn’t have
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: Well, we’re not 100 percent sure about
dialog: that. We just met yesterday.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and Klaus standing outside of Jane's room while Ned
text: lugs her bags through the door. They see Jane’s reflection in
text: the bathroom mirror as she shakes some sand out of her shoe.
text: She is cocked over with her shirt tugged up in the back. She
text: blows a bubble.
text: Zissou looks to Klaus. Klaus raises an eyebrow. Zissou shakes
text: his head.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Not this one, Klaus.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Hm?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You heard me. Not this one, Klaus.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: OK.
scene_heading: INT. CAMERA EQUIPMENT CLOSET. NIGHT
text: The room is filled with racks of lenses, filters, tripods,
text: etc. Zissou puts a can of exposed film into a refrigerator.
text: Eleanor stands in the doorway dressed in her white bathrobe.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: What are you going to do with him?
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Who? Ned? What do you mean?
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I don‘t understand the question.
text: Eleanor shrugs. She turns away and starts to go.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: I offered him a spot on the Belafonte.
text: Eleanor stops and stands with her back to Zissou. She says
dialog: darkly:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: He didn’t take it, did he?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Of course, he took it. We’re going to put
dialog: him on the map, Eleanor. We’re going to
dialog: throw him a life saver. I believe in this
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Why?
text: Pause. Zissou shrugs. He says simply:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: Because he looks up to me.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. NIGHT
text: Ned stands at the end of the hallway talking on a wall-
text: mounted telephone. He holds an Air Kentucky travel bag of
dialog: toiletries.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yes, sir. And McKinnon’s willing to take
dialog: over my shuttle flights. That's right.
text: Ned listens for a minute. He says quietly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, I just feel I need to see this
dialog: thing through, sir.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Thank you for understanding. I’11 check
dialog: in with the Louisville office again next
dialog: month.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 37.
text: Ned walking barefoot down the corridor. He goes past one of
text: the guest rooms. The door is half-open. He stops and listens.
text: A Bach cassette plays on a tape recorder, and Jane says ina
text: loud, measured voice:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Perhaps if her eyes had not been quite so
dialog: black -- which was what struck one most
dialog: forcibly on first seeing her -- I would
dialog: not have been, as I was, so especially
text: enamored of their imagined blue.
text: Ned lcoks inside. Jane is sitting-up in her bunk. She wears
text: an army issue bathrobe and has a copy of a book by Marcel
text: Proust in her lap. Her bags are unpacked, and clothes,
text: papers, and junk-food wrappers are strewn all over the room.
text: She sees Ned. Ned freezes. He ducks out into the hall. Jane
text: frowns. She says loudly:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hold it.
text: Ned looks back into Jane’s room. Pause.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Is that a poem?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: No, it’s a six-volume novel.
text: Jane points to the other five volumes stacked on a chair next
text: to the bed.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Mercy. Are you going to read the whole
dialog: thing to yourself out loud?
speaker_heading: JANE
text: I’m not reading it to myself. I’m reading
text: it to him.
text: Jane points at her stomach. Ned nods.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That's nice. I bet it’1ll make him
dialog: smarter.
text: Jane shrugs. Pause. She points at Ned.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: When did you learn Zissou was your
dialog: father?
dialog: 38.
text: Ned looks uneasy. Jane raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Does it freak you out for me to ask that?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No, but it’s a difficult question. I sort
dialog: of pieced it together over the years.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, how did he first contact you?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He didn’t. I came looking for him after
dialog: my mother died last month. She had
text: ovarian cancer, and then it spread to her
text: stomach and liver, and then she took her
dialog: own life.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, good-night, I guess.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Good-night .
text: Ned lcoks to the door. He looks back to Jane. Pause.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Do you mind if I stay and listen for a
dialog: little while?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: OK.
text: Ned quickly takes the stack of books off the chair and sits
text: down. Jane shrugs.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You want me to catch you up on the story?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No, I‘1l1 figure it out.
text: Jane nods. She turns the page and continues.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. ZISSOU HOUSE. DAY
text: The next morning. Zissou sits outside in a yellow folding
text: lawn chair. Klaus and Jane stand beside him. The patio door
text: is open, and Ned sweeps the kitchen floor in the background.
text: He is dressed in his pilot’s uniform and a Team Zissou apron.
text: Zissou slices open a large cardboard box with a diving knife.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: They made them for three and a half years
dialog: before they terminated my sponsorship.
text: Zissou holds the knife in his teeth while he pulls away some
text: bubble wrap and spills out a pile of Styrofoam packaging
text: peanuts. The box is filled with white sneakers with
dialog: aquamarine laces and aquamarine, navy, and swimming-pool-
text: green stripes. The labels on the sneakers read: Adidas
dialog: Zissou.
text: Zissou takes out a pair and checks the size. He says quietly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I’d say this lot comes from around 1987.
text: Zissou slips on a pair, stands up, and starts jumping up and
text: down, bouncing on the fresh treads. He says wildly
dialog: enthusiastically:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Wow! These are great!
scene_heading: INT. WRITING SHED. DAY
text: A tiny hut the size of a closet. Eleanor sits in a green
text: velvet armchair with a board covered in billiard-table felt
text: across her lap. She is writing on a yellow legal pad.
text: Drawings and photographs of different species of penguin are
text: pinned all over the walls around her, along with dozens of
text: pictures of her observing and photographing them in the
text: arctic.
text: Ned walks past the window carrying his mop and a bucket of
text: scapy water. Eleanor hesitates.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Ned? What are you doing?
text: Ned stops and looks to Eleanor. Pause.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Steve gave me a few assignments to finish
dialog: before lunch, and I wanted to get right
dialog: on them -- first day and all.
text: Eleanor frowns. Ned sees a small live penguin chewing on a
text: sardine in a wicker cage next to Bleanor’s chair. Ned looks
text: surprised. He points at the penguin.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Can that gentleman survive here?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (distractedly)
dialog: Him? Yeah.
text: Ned shakes his head, impressed. He speaks quietly to the
dialog: penguin:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You must be perspiring under that tuxedo,
dialog: my little companion.
text: Eleanor stares at Ned’s pilot’s cap. She has a distant look
text: in her eye.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Kentucky. I once had a dirty weekend in
dialog: Kentucky.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: A dirty weekend? What’s that?
text: Eleanor looks at Ned curiously. She starts to go on but
dialog: stops. She says frankly:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: A dirty weekend is when you're in a place
dialog: where you’re not supposed to be, with
dialog: someone you’re not supposed to be with.
dialog: Can I say something to you as your
dialog: potential stepmother?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (caught off-guard)
dialog: I'd be delighted.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Be careful. OK?
text: Ned hesitates. He looks at his mop and says vaguely:
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I won’t walk on it ‘til after it’s dry.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I‘m not talking about the floor.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY. DAY
text: An underground room filled with out-dated computers and
text: recording equipment. A large window looks into a deep
text: swimming pool with the killer whale in it. Wolodarsky sits in
text: a comer mixing chemicals, which rapidly change colors.
text: Zissou and Jane sit across from each other at a metal desk.
text: Zissou wears his Team Zissou shirt and matching aquamarine
text: pants with navy blue stripes down the sides. Jane has a tape
text: recorder and a little notebook in front of her.
text: Zissou is eating a banana.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: May I turn this on?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (chewing)
dialog: Fire one.
text: Jane presses record on her tape recorder. She says directly,
dialog: with earnest concern:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: So what happened, in your opinion?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: {pause)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, don’t you think the public
dialog: perception of your work has --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: That’s your first question? I thought
dialog: this was supposed to be a puff-piece.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Should we come back to it?
speaker_heading: Z21ISSOU
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: OK. Is it true this is going to be your
dialog: last voyage?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Wow. No comment. Who told you that? No,
dialog: goddammit -- I’m only fifty-two. Let’s
dialog: warm up with some stock dialogue, OK?
dialog: Favorite color: blue. Favorite food:
text: sardines.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: How do you feel about part 1 of your new
dialog: film?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Why? How do you feel about part 1 of my
dialog: new film?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Well, I’m honest, you know. I don’t think
dialog: I should --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Just say it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I thought aspects of it seemed slightly
dialog: fake. Fake in the sense that --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Wolodarsky, you want to take five?
text: Wolodarsky looks at Zissou. He hesitates. He gets up carrying
text: a beaker of bubbling liquid and goes out of the room. Zissou
text: turns on Jane and says aggressively:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Did it seem fake when my best friend got
text: bitten in half right in front of me? And
dialog: then eaten alive? Screaming?
text: Jane looks stricken. Zissou points at her and says brutally:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I think you're fake. I think you’re a
dialog: phony and a bad reporter. How does that
dialog: feel? Tell me something: does this seem
dialog: fake?
dialog: 43.
text: Zissou makes a face expressing pure, animal rage. Jane shouts
dialog: at him:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: How dare you? This entire article was my
dialog: idea! No one else gives a shit!
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (disturbed)
dialog: What about Si Perlman?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Are you joking? He’s not even covering my
dialog: expenses!
text: Pause. Zissou says carefully:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You’re taking something out on me.
text: Jane looks confused. She turns away and tears suddenly stream
text: down her face. Zissou hesitates.
speaker_heading: ZISsoU
dialog: Stop crying. What’s the deal here? I’m
dialog: just trying to defend myself.
text: Jane looks back to Zissou, furious.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, you did a great job. Congratu-
dialog: lations. You’1l make a terrific father.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN. DAY
text: Ned comes around the corner, onto the path, carrying two full
text: bags of trash. He stops suddenly.
text: Klaus is in front of him, blocking the way.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: So you really think you're a Zissou?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Well, you travelled a long way for I
dialog: don’t know, sonny.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That’s true, but it’s important to me.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Yeah? Well, a lot of things are important
dialog: to some of us around here, sonny.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Klaus, don’t call me --
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: And another thing: it’s the Steve Zissou
dialog: show. It’s not the Ned show.
text: Klaus slaps Ned briskly in face. Ned looks stunned.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: You hear me?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I do, sir.
text: Klaus turns away and starts up the path. The garden lamps
text: flicker on.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Klaus, if you ever touch me again I'll
dialog: kick your goddamn teeth out. Is that
dialog: understood?
text: Klaus stops. He looks back to Ned. He laughs to himself self-
text: consciously and says, trying to sound intimidating while
dialog: searching for the words:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Not if I don’t see you first, sonny.
scene_heading: INT. ZISSOU HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Ned’s bedroom. Zissou stands in the doorway with a small
text: cardboard box in his hand. He is dressed in his striped
text: pajamas. Ned sits on the edge of the bed, looking down at the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: We got to watch ourselves around this
dialog: dane character. Don’t tell her anything
dialog: personal, and if you’re in doubt about
dialog: something, change the subject and look
dialog: for me. This bull-dyke’s got something
dialog: against us.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: I don’t think she’s a lesbian. She’s
dialog: pregnant.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Bull-dykes can get pregnant. Anyway, I’d
dialog: back-out now, but we need the press. See
dialog: you in the morning.
text: Zissou starts to close the door. Ned finally looks up.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Steve?
text: Zissou stops and waits. Ned says quietly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: When did you first hear about me?
text: Zissou looks away. He thinks for a minute. He looks back to
dialog: Ned.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Around five years ago, I guess. I read it
dialog: in an article about myself.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Did you believe it?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It was in the paper. I assumed they
dialog: checked their facts.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Then why didn’t you contact me?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Because I hate fathers, and I never
dialog: wanted to be one.
text: Silence. Ned nods. Zissou goes out and closes the door. He
text: immediately opens it again.
speaker_heading: Z1SSOU
dialog: I forgot. Your correspondence stock came
dialog: in.
text: Zissou sets the little box on the table. He goes out and
text: closes the door. Ned walks over to the box and opens it.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A pale blue notecard with Kingsley (Ned) Zissou engraved
text: across the top.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ned staring at the card for a long time.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. NIGHT
text: Jane stands at the end of the hallway talking on a wall-
text: mounted telephone. She sounds depressed and anxious:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hi, Ross. We started this morning. It
dialog: went pretty weird, but I still feel
dialog: strongly there’s a story in this. It
dialog: might not be a comeback like I was
dialog: predicting, but something’s going to
dialog: happen. He’s got a son I’ve never heard
dialog: of. Anyway, I’11 forward some pages to
dialog: you through the copy department.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You were probably right, though. What am
dialog: I doing here? I miss you, and -- God, I
dialog: don’t know, Ross. Where are you?
text: Jane looks down at the floor. She shakes her head. Her voice
dialog: cracks as she says:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Listen, I’m not leaving this message. I
dialog: don’t even know why I’m still pregnant.
dialog: All my best, Jane.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A hand holding a Polaroid of Ned in a Team Zissou uniform
text: standing at the end of a dock with the Belafonte behind him.
text: A second hand brings in another Polaroid of Ned (closer and
text: now wearing a red Zissou cap) and holds it next to the first.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and Ned standing together at the end of the dock
text: looking at the Polaroids. Ned still wears the Team Zissou
text: uniform. Zissou swings his thumb toward someone down the
dialog: beach.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: The script girl uses these for
dialog: continuity.
dialog: 47.
text: Ned nods. Zissou tucks the Polaroids into his pocket. He
text: holds out a Glock and a box of bullets.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Oh. Uh --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: No exceptions. Everyone has one.
text: Ned is reluctant to take the pistol. Zissou yells to Anne-
text: Marie lying on a towel on a chaise longue on the beach
text: reading a paperback copy of The Exorcist. There is a Polaroid
text: camera and a bottle of sunscreen on a basket beside her.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Anne-Marie! Do the interns get Glocks?
scene_heading: ANNE-MARIE
dialog: (turning a page)
dialog: No. They all share one.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (vindicated)
dialog: Take it, Ned.
text: Ned takes the Glock. Klaus’ voice shouts from an intercom
text: mounted on a post:
speaker_heading: KLAUS (V.O.)
dialog: Steve? You there? Oseary on line one!
text: Pause. Zissou turns suddenly and sprints full-speed toward
text: his office. Ned runs after him.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. DAY
text: Zissou is behind his desk with an old speakerphone in front
text: of him. Ned sits across from him. Drakoulias’ voice comes
dialog: over the line:
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS (V.0.)
dialog: I spoke with Larry Amin, and it’s a pass.
text: Silence. Zissou nods.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: In other words, you fucked us.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS (V.0O.)
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Let’s not cast stones at one another, my
dialog: boy.
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Do you hear me, dammit!
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: No, I don’t! I told you how to play it,
dialog: and you just --
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS (V.O.)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Listen here, mate! If you think --
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: May I interrupt for a moment?
text: Zissou looks to Ned. Pause.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS (V.0O.)
dialog: Who in the blazes is that?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: It’s me. Ned. Maybe this is nothing,
dialog: maybe it’s something. I don’t know your
dialog: problems -- I don’t know -- but I just
dialog: inherited $275,000. Would that amount
dialog: make any difference?
text: Zissou stares at Ned. Silence.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS (V.0.)
dialog: What sort of expression is the lad
dialog: wearing on his face?
scene_heading: EXT. LABORATORY. DAY
text: Zissou and Ned walk quickly across a narrow metal bridge over
text: the killer whale tank. Zissou looks back to Ned and says:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Can you fly a chopper?
text: Ned hesitates. Zissou opens a metal cabinet filled with
text: snorkels and diving masks. He takes a set of keys off a
text: little hook inside the door and closes it.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I have, but I’m not licensed in any way,
dialog: shape, or form.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (handing Ned the keys)
dialog: Good. Let’s go.
text: Zissou walks back across the bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND. DAY
text: The yellow Team Zissou helicopter flies out from behind one
text: of the buildings and banks out to sea.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER. DAY
text: Ned flies the chopper over the water. He wears a Team Zissou
text: flight-suit. Zissou sits in the seat beside him. The engine
text: is extremely loud and makes erratic, grinding sounds. Ned
text: looks uneasy. He yells over the sound of the motor:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: When was this whirlybird last serviced?
speaker_heading: Z2ISSOU
dialog: I don’t know! Klaus is supposed to check
dialog: it every six months!
scene_heading: INT. HIGH-RISE. DAY
text: Drakoulias’ office on the top floor of a twelve-story
text: building overlooking the city. Every surface in the room is
text: made of white marble, set at right angles, except for the
text: chairs and sofas, which are black leather. There is a
text: gigantic marble desk with one black pen on it in the middle
text: of the room. Zissou and Ned stand at the window, waiting.
text: The door opens. Drakoulias walks quickly into the room and
text: starts talking. He is followed by a well-groomed thirty-year-
text: old man in a Savile Row suit. He is Phillip.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: You're back on the water, boys. The wire
dialog: transfer came in from Kentucky straight
text: away, and Jackman and Wordsley will gap-
dialog: finance the rest -- but there’s a few
dialog: hooks on it, so take a pew for a spell.
text: Drakoulias sits at his desk and motions for Zissou and Ned to
text: join him, which they immediately do.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: One. The bank’s going to need a drug
text: screen from everyone on the crew before
dialog: they’1ll release the funds.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: A piss test?
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
text: Yes, a piss test. Two. A stooge from the
dialog: bond company’s going to be riding with
dialog: you for the whole shoot to keep you on
dialog: budget.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Who’s the stooge?
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
text: A chap by the name of Bill Ubell, and
dialog: there’s not a damn thing you can do about
dialog: it. Three. They want your word you do not
dialog: intend to kill that shark or whatever it
dialog: is, if it actually exists.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I’m going to fight it, but I’11 let it
dialog: live. How about my dynamite?
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: Phillip? Dynamite?
text: Phillip nods and writes something on a little card.
text: Drakoulias stands up, crosses to the door, and opens it.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: I’m off to Zurich, boys.
text: A forty-five-year-old man in a short-sleeved shirt and tie
text: sits in the waiting room just outside the office. He wears
text: aviator-style eyeglasses and has a briefcase in his lap. He
text: is Bill Ubell. He stands up and comes to the door.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: Mr. Ubell, I’d like you to know Steve
dialog: Zissou, and this is our equity partner,
dialog: Ned.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR. DAY
text: Zissou, Ned, and Bill ride down through the center of a
text: winding staircase in an old, wrought-iron elevator car.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I hope you’re not going to bust our
dialog: chops, Bill.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Why would I do that?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Because you’re a bond company stooge.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (wounded)
dialog: Well, I’m also a human being.
text: Zissou hesitates. He nods. He says gently:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: All right. I take that back. Yeah.
text: Zissou puts out his hand, palm down.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Let's have some teamsmanship.
text: Zissou bumps Ned with his elbow and whistles. Ned puts his
text: hand on top of Zissou'’s. Zissou and Ned both look to Bill.
text: Bill reluctantly puts his hand on top of theirs. Zissou
text: shouts abruptly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Ho!
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
text: Zissou, Ned, and Bill speed in a Zodiak motorboat from the
text: Belafonte -- with the helicopter on its landing platform --
text: to the marina at Pescespada Island.
text: Zissou and Eleanor chart a course on a large chart spread out
text: across a table. Zissou draws a route with a red Sharpie,
text: sticks pins in different spots, spins a compass, and moves
text: around a tiny model of the Belafonte. Eleanor shakes her
text: head, rearranges everything, and opens a bottle of liquid
dialog: paper.
text: Zissou leads his crew on a brisk run along the beach. He nods
text: to Jane shortly as they pass by her in the garden. Ned stops
text: and jogs in place. He gives Jane a tiny sand-dollar. It
text: glitters. Ned says something and Jane laughs. Zissou looks
text: back and shouts at Ned. Ned sprints to catch up.
text: Klaus peels a strip off a chart on the wall labelled Shooting
text: Schedule. He throws the strip out the window. Bill sits at a
text: desk in the corridor typing numbers into a calculator and
text: making notations in ledger books. Wolodarsky sits in a broom
dialog: 52.
text: closet playing two Casio keyboards simultaneously. A piece of
text: tape on the door says Recording in Progress. Vikram stands in
text: front of a window filming Pelé, who holds a color chart in
text: front of his face. Renzo sits in a corner eating a tuna fish
text: sandwich with his headphones on. Eleanor studies a bulletin
text: board labelled Stunt Work. She puts an X across the words
text: Skydive into Volcano. The interns stand in a row outside as
text: Zissou walks in front of them yelling like a drill sergeant.
text: They look terrified. Anne-Marie quickly loads a Polaroid
text: camera with film. She presses stop on her stopwatch and looks
text: at it. She is topless.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: Pelé jams a stick of dynamite into a pile of rocks
text: underwater. He jumps into a trench with a snorkel still in
text: his mouth and crouches next to Wolodarsky. There is a large
text: crate of explosives beside them. Wolodarsky spits on his
text: fingers and rubs two wires together. The dynamite explodes,
text: blasting a shower of water and fish into the air. Wolodarsky
text: makes a notation on a clipboard.
text: Ogata shows Ned how to adjust the valves on his aqualung.
text: They put in their mouthpieces and tip-over backwards into the
dialog: killer whale tank.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and Klaus giving Ned C.P.R. Ogata holds down Ned’s
text: feet. Zissou counts off the beats as he presses on Ned’s
dialog: chest:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: One, two, three.
text: Klaus blows into Ned’s mouth. Zissou goes again.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: One, two, three.
text: Klaus blows into Ned's mouth. Ned wakes up suddenly, coughing
dialog: and choking.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Here he is! Here he comes! Ned? Are you
dialog: OK?
text: Ned nods, gasping, and sits up. Zissou holds him by the
text: shoulders. Everyone looks nervous but relieved.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: OK, give him some room. He’s OK. Just
dialog: drank a little water, that’s all.
dialog: 53.
text: Zissou turns and sees Vikram filming the scene. He looks up
text: at the sky, then back to Vikram.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: How you shooting this, Vikram? Wide-open?
text: Eleanor watches from the window of her writing hut.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE, NIGHT
text: A rec-room with a ping-pong table, air hockey, and a Team
text: Zissou pinball machine. Ned sits on an old pale blue, vinyl
text: sofa watching a beat-up, portable television set on top of a
text: foot-locker. He is dressed in a bathrobe and has a
text: thermometer in his mouth. Klaus, Ogata, Pelé, and Wolodarsky
text: sit around him.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The television set. A tape of an early episode of The Life
text: Aquatic is playing. There is a shot of the Belafonte trapped
text: in a polar ice floe. The crew is on deck in Team Zissou
text: parkas and furs. Zissou serves them hot chocolates with
text: marshmallows. Ogata looks to be about twelve years old, and
text: Klaus has a mohawk. Zissou announces in voice-over:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: As always -- even in the most challenging
dialog: circumstances -- the members of Team
text: Zissou find ways to keep morale high.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH POLE. DAY
text: Zissou in his swimsuit swings on a rope from the ship’s deck-
text: winch out over a glacier hot-spring. He lets go, does a
text: double back-flip, and hits the steaming water. The crew
text: bursts into cheering and applause. They surround Zissou,
text: treading water as he comes up laughing.
text: Zissou suddenly frowns. He shouts:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Quiet! Hold it! Shhh!
text: Zissou waves his hands for silence. Everyone goes quiet and
text: stares at him curiously. Zissou listens for a moment. He says
dialog: urgently:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Was that a distress bark? Is something
dialog: wounded out there?
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. GLACIER. DAY
text: Esteban, Klaus, Pelé, and Wolodarsky stand over a deep chasm
text: pulling a rope through a pulley.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
text: We quickly locate the source of the
text: mysterious cry.
text: Esteban calls out each pull in French. Zissou emerges out of
text: the crevasse covered in snow and is hoisted onto the ice. He
text: cradles a sleeping, white animal in his arms, stroking its
text: fur. Esteban kneels down close to Zissou.
speaker_heading: ESTEBAN
dialog: What is she, Steve?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: A wild snow mongoose. We thought they
dialog: were extinct. Her ankle’s broken. Ogata,
dialog: run get some hot milk -- and put these
text: guys in the incubator.
text: Zissou produces two pink baby mongoose pups. They whimper
text: quietly. Ogata scoops them carefully into his mittens and
text: hurries back toward the boat.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: We radio for the emergency transport of
dialog: our rare, beautiful, new friends.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ned, Klaus, Ogata, Pelé, and Wolodarsky in the lounge. Klaus
text: points at the screen and says wistfully:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: That’‘s what it used to be like.
text: Ogata nods. Klaus sees Zissou standing in the doorway,
text: watching blankly from the shadows. Klaus hesitates. Zissou
text: turns and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. ZISSOU HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Zissou and Eleanor’s bedroom. There is a little refrigerator
text: next to the bed. Mosquito netting hangs in front of the open
text: terrace doors. Small birds fly all around the room.
text: Eleanor sits in an old, pale blue, vinyl armchair smoking a
text: cigarette. One of the birds is perched on the armrest. Zissou
text: comes in the door. He takes off his red cap and throws it
dialog: 55.
text: across the room into a basket full of red caps. He takes his
text: Glock out of its holster, checks it, and sets it on top of
text: the refrigerator. He walks quickly toward the bathroom.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Had Ned’s heart stopped beating before
dialog: you pulled him out of the water?
text: Zissou stops. He looks guilty. He says quickly to himself:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Had Ned’s heart stopped beating before we
dialog: pulled him out of the water?
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Yes -- but we got him going again pretty
dialog: quick.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Don't go on this voyage right now, Steve.
dialog: One of you’s already dead, after all.
speaker_heading: ZI1SSOU
dialog: Who?
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Oh, you mean Esteban. Yeah, thanks for
dialog: bringing that up.
text: Eleanor stares at Zissou. She nods once. She stands up and
text: goes into the next room. Zissou listens as she dials the
text: telephone and speaks off-screen:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR (0.S.)
dialog: Zissou. Account number 9942. Is Tino
dialog: available? No, immediately.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Are you chartering a water-plane?
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND. NIGHT
text: Zissou follows Eleanor out the door of the house. She carries
text: three suitcases and wears a raincoat. Zissou holds a
text: flashlight. They walk quickly through the gardens toward a
text: sea-plane waiting in the marina. Its engines are running.
dialog: Zissou says forcefully:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Who's going to tell us the Latin names of
dialog: all the fishes and everything? You know I
dialog: can’t remember that shit! Please, stop,
dialog: Eleanor. Please, stop!
dialog: (stage-whispering loudly)
dialog: There‘s a reporter from Oceanographic
dialog: (more)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (cont'd)
text: Explorer watching from the bunk-house.
dialog: Don’t look at her.
text: Eleanor stops. She looks back to the house. Jane is peering
text: out from her bedroom window. She ducks back inside. Eleanor
text: sighs. Pause.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Why are you leaving?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I’m leaving because I don’t want to be a
dialog: part of whatever’s going to happen out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Nobody knows what’s going to happen! And
dialog: then we film it. That’s the whole
dialog: concept.
text: Eleanor starts walking again. Zissou follows her.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You knew when you married me I was an
dialog: adventurer.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Don’t call yourself that. If somebody
dialog: says it about you, OK. But --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Whatever I am, then. You knew it from the
dialog: beginning. And, besides, I don’t think
dialog: adventurer sounds that bad.
text: Zissou tests this theory, saying to himself pleasantly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Adventurer.
text: They stop on the dock and lock at each other. Eleanor says
text: over the sound of the plane:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I can’t believe you took that boy’s
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: He's an investor!
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: He's my sidekick.
dialog: 57.
text: Zissou touches Eleanor’s arm suddenly and points his
text: flashlight at something on the ground. He says wistfully:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: The sugar crabs are back.
text: There are two very white, nearly translucent crabs tangled up
text: together scrambling around in circles on the beach. One has
text: pink candy-stripes all over it, and the other has pale blue.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: They’re early this year. I’ve never seen
text: them mating before the solstice.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: Is that mating?
text: The male crab is now dead. The female crawls away carrying
text: one of the dead male’s arms. Pause.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Good-bye, Steve.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pained)
dialog: Don’t say that. Even if it’s true, don’t
dialog: say that. It’s too painful.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: What do you want me to say?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Say, Bon voyage.
text: Long pause. Eleanor says sadly:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR,
dialog: Bon voyage.
text: Eleanor gets into the sea-plane. The pilot guns the motor and
text: pulls away from the marina. Zissou stands alone at the end of
text: the dock as the sea-plane lifts-off the water, into the air.
text: Ned watches from his bedroom window. He turns out the light.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The screen of a flat-bed editing console. A work-print is
text: running. It has scratches and splices in it. The first image
text: is a shot taken from the deck of the Belafonte of the open
text: sea with the Team Zissou flag in the foreground.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: TITLE:
dialog: Adventure No. 12: “The Jaguar Shark”
dialog: (Part 2)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A close-up of Ned in his red cap and a pair of sunglasses. He
text: smokes his pipe. The wind blows through his hair. Zissou says
text: in voice-over:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: Kingsley Ned Zissou, 29, Junior Grade
dialog: Diving Tech, Executive Producer.
text: Energetic, spirited, youthful.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A chart of the ocean. A hand spins a compass and makes a mark
text: with a pencil.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
text: Day three. En route to the Sea-Lab.
scene_heading: INT. ZISSOU’S CABIN. DAY
text: An extra-large stateroom with an office in it. Maps, awards,
text: and photographs of Zissou and various marine animals cover
text: the walls. Zissou wears his brown suit with pin-stripes and a
text: thin black tie. He sits next to an overhead projector ona
text: cart. He speaks calmly into the camera:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Normally, we would track the jaguar shark
text: with the scanning monitor we keep on-
text: board the Belafonte, but its power tubes
text: have seized up and blown a gasket.
text: An elevation-type drawing of a chrome undersea building
text: labelled Operation Hennessey/Bernstein Sea-Laboratory appears
text: en a pull-down screen. The Belafonte is pictured on the water
text: above the sea-lab. Ned stands beside the projected image. He
text: is dressed in a suit identical to Zissou’s. He motions to
text: different parts of the drawing with a pointer.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: We now proceed to the more advanced
text: system located on a colleague’s off-shore
dialog: facility.
text: Zissou steps in front of the screen.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: This will be Team Zissou’s next stop.
text: Zissou looks to Ned. Ned nods. There is a flash of white and
text: the film runs out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou, Ned, Renzo, and Vikram in the cutting room on the
text: Belafonte. Each has a cup of coffee. Renzo rewinds the film.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: See, this is what I’m talking about,
text: Renzo. A relationship sub-plot.
dialog: (to Ned)
dialog: There‘s chemistry between us, you know?
text: Ned smiles and nods. Zissou looks to Renzo for his response.
text: Renzo shrugs. Zissou looks irritated.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Shouldn’t somebody be taking notes on
dialog: what I'm saying? Let’s get this down on
dialog: paper.
text: Renzo sighs. He digs around on the bench for a pencil. Zissou
dialog: dictates:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: Zissou and Ned sub-plot, Scene two, Ned
text: assists Zissou with diagram and pointer.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER DECK. DAY
text: Zissou and Jane sit at a table under a crane near the back of
text: the ship. Jane’s tape recorder is in-between them. Zissou
text: looks tense. Jane turns a page in her notebook.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Here’s a quote:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: Wait up. Who from?
speaker_heading: JANE
text: Zissou has an almost magical connection
text: to the life of the sea. He speaks its
dialog: language fluently. I’ve never met a boy
dialog: like that in all my life. -- Lora
dialog: Mandrake.
dialog: 60.
text: Zissou is moved as Jane reminds him of these remarks. He says
dialog: softly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You should’ve opened with that one.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: He was your mentor. What was the --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Hey, intern!
text: An intern with curly black hair carries a large, unwieldy
text: iron pipe across the deck. He stops and looks to Zissou,
text: struggling under the weight of the pipe.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Get me a Campari, will you?
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: On the rocks?
text: Zissou snaps his fingers and gives a thumbs up. The intern
text: goes inside. Zissou looks to Jane and says cheerily:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You want to go up in my balloon?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Pelé staring up at the sky as he operates a lever on the deck-
text: winch. Gears turn and grind. Klaus sprays some grease onto a
text: sprocket.
text: Pelé looks to Klaus. He points into the air says:
speaker_heading: PELE
dialog: I like her hair-do.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Me, too, but Steve already called her.
scene_heading: EXT. BALLOON. DAY
text: Zissou and Jane sit together in a basket hanging from a
text: balloon fifty feet above the Belafonte. The balloon is pale
text: blue, with a giant Team Zissou logo printed across it. A
text: cable runs from the basket down to the ship below. Zissou
text: holds a glass of Campari on ice. He says enthusiastically:
text: Jane nods.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I invented this for a network special on
dialog: winds and currents. It's kind of a pain
dialog: to inflate, but it’s great once you’re up
dialog: here.
text: She offers Zissou a stick of gum. He shakes his
text: head. She puts one in her mouth. They look down past their
text: feet at the Belafonte below.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I'm sorry I made you cry the other day.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: That’s OK. It’s not completely your
dialog: fault, anyway. I’m going through some
dialog: personal problems.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (interested)
dialog: Really? What do you got?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, I'm five months pregnant. My
dialog: editor’s the father. He’s married -- but
dialog: not to me.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Wow. That’s a rough ticket.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know, my first wife left me when I
dialog: was your age.
text: Zissou rolls-up his sleeve. A tattoo on his arm has
text: Jacqueline, crossed-out, on top and Deep Search below it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What’s Deep Search?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: My submarine.
text: Zissou smiles. A Team Zissou flag attached to the ropes above
text: the basket ripples in the breeze behind him. Jane smiles.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I had this exact image of you tacked-up
text: on the wall above my aquarium all through
dialog: elementary school.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Oh, yeah? The official one, where I’m
dialog: doing this?
text: Zissou extends his arm and points to the horizon with a grim,
text: determined look on his face. Jane looks suddenly transported.
text: She says quietly:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That's the one.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Uh-huh. Well, maybe it’s just me, but I
dialog: don’t feel like that person. I never did.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: To answer that question I’d have to tell
dialog: you about my childhood, which I’m not
dialog: going to do.
text: Jane nods. She squints in the sun. Zissou holds up his hand
text: and blocks the light from her eyes. They look at each other
text: for a minute. Zissou takes his hand away. The sun hits Jane's
text: eyes. Zissou kisses her on the lips. Jane pulls away
text: slightly. Zissou reaches toward her face. Jane stops him with
text: her hand and stares at him, frozen.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Why’d you abandon Ned?
speaker_heading: ZISsSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I didn’t. I never even met him. What kind
dialog: of piece are you writing, cubbie?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: {hesitates}
text: It’s a three-part profile.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah, but what’s your angle? Are you
dialog: going to screw us on this deal?
text: Silence. Jane says strangely:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I hope not.
dialog: 63.
text: Pause. Zissou shrugs. Jane spits out her gum over the side,
text: into the ocean. She takes the glass of Campari out of
text: Zissou’s hand and drinks it in one sip. She gives it back to
text: him. He frowns.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You really think it’s cool to hit the
dialog: sauce when you got a bun in the oven?
text: Jane looks at Zissou coldly. Zissou presses the red button on
text: an intercom behind them and says:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Pelé, bring us back down, please.
text: Zissou takes a joint out of his pocket. He reaches up above,
text: pulls down on a chain, and lights the joint off the balloon’s
text: hot air burner. He takes a puff.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY. DAY
text: Zissou and Anne-Marie sit with Wolodarsky at a console.
text: Wolodarsky is composing a piece of music on his keyboard.
text: Anne-Marie is topless. Two monitors display moving underwater
text: point-of-view shots. They are labelled Dolphin 1 and Dolphin
text: 2. Zissou pours himself a fresh glass of Campari on ice.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I don’t have a problem with objective
dialog: reporting. What I have a problem with is
dialog: some wombat coming on my boat and trying
dialog: to railroad me, you know?
text: Wolodarsky does not respond. He keeps playing his music.
text: Zissou sighs.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: See if you can get one of the dolphins to
text: swim under the hull and give us a look.
text: Wolodarsky stops playing his music and types a Morse Code-
text: style message into a computer. He waits for an answer. He
text: types it again. He turns to Zissou.
speaker_heading: WOLODARSKY
text: Either they can’t hear us, or they don’t
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Son of a bitch. I’m sick of these
dialog: dolphins!
dialog: (to Anne-Marie)
dialog: (more)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (cont'd)
dialog: Run a cost breakdown of what we're
dialog: spending on them, and give me a report.
scene_heading: EXT. BELAFONTE. NIGHT
text: A porthole to the library. Jane sits at a desk writing
text: intently in her note book. She unwraps a stick of gum and
text: starts chewing it.
scene_heading: BOOM TO:
text: Klaus, Wolodarsky, and Ogata on the main deck, one level up.
text: They lean against the railing, drinking red, orange, and
text: yellow frozen cocktails. Klaus takes a little paper umbrella
text: out of his drink and opens it.
scene_heading: DOLLY TO:
text: The window of the bridge. Pelé sits inside, at the wheel,
text: strumming his guitar. He makes an adjustment on the
text: instrument panel.
scene_heading: BOOM TO:
text: The top of the look-out tower. Zissou stands alone above the
text: ship smoking a joint in the moonlight. Ned comes out and
text: joins him. He lights his pipe. An oil tanker goes by slowly
text: in the distance. Thunder rumbles. Zissou says mysteriously:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Quiet out there tonight. Can you hear the
dialog: jack-whales singing?
text: Ned listens. A foghorn blows long and low. He whispers:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: It’s beautiful. What do you think they’re
dialog: saying?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, that was the sludge tanker over
dialog: there, but --
text: A mournful whale cry now sounds in the distance. Zissou holds
text: up his finger.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: There you go. That’s them.
text: Ned smiles and nods.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: By the way, would you mind if I made some
dialog: modifications to the Team Zissou
dialog: insignia? I had a few ideas that might --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You mean the patch?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: The insignia.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah, it’s probably kind of dated, isn’t
dialog: it? Sure, take a crack at it. Make it a
dialog: little trendier.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: All right.
text: Zissou pats Ned on the back. He smiles.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I really enjoy being around you, Ned.
text: (looking down over the railing)
dialog: He’s got a very nice way about him. Don’t
dialog: you think, Klaus?
text: Klaus’ voice answers from off-screen, below:
speaker_heading: KLAUS (0.S.)
dialog: How should I know? I'm not his estranged
dialog: father.
text: Zissou nods. He says to Ned sincerely:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Are you finding what you were looking
dialog: for? Out here with me? I hope so.
text: Ned hesitates. He says suddenly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I wrote you a letter about seventeen
dialog: years ago.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: {pause)
dialog: You mean like a fan letter?
text: Ned nods. A strange look crosses Zissou’s face. He hesitates.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Did I write you back? I try to answer as
dialog: Many personally as I can.
text: Ned reaches into his pocket and takes out an old, beaten up
text: envelope. He hands it to Zissou. Zissou opens it.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A worn and faded typewritten note on Team Zissou stationery.
text: Zissou reads it in voice-over.
dialog: Dear Ned Plimpton,
dialog: First, in answer to your question: always. Second, thank
dialog: you very much for naming your bug after me. My wife tells
dialog: me it is actually a type of gnat. You strike me as a very
dialog: special boy and a key member of the Zissou Society. I wish
dialog: I could come visit you in Kentucky and assist you with your
dialog: work. I remember your mother. Take care of yourself, Ned
dialog: Plimpton. You’ve served well.
dialog: Your friend,
dialog: Capt. Steve Zissou
scene_heading: Dictated but not read. (S8Z/jz)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou with tears in his eyes. He nods and says to Ned:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah. More or less standard boilerplate,
dialog: I guess.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA-LABORATORY. DAY
text: A large, chrome cylinder with a pod at the top sticks twenty-
text: five feet out of the ocean. Operation Hennessey is written
text: across the side, with Bernstein Labs Ltd. below it. There are
text: portholes and a platform with a railing around the pod, and a
text: ladder runs down the cylinder into the water. A Zodiak
text: motorboat is tied to the bottom of the ladder, and the
text: Belafonte sits at anchor fifty feet away.
text: Zissou, Ned, and Jane stand on the platform waiting in the
text: rain. An intern holds an umbrella over Zissou. Zissou has on
text: his swimsuit. Everyone else wears Team Zissou slickers.
text: The door of the sea-laboratory has a thick steel chain laced
text: through the handle with a padlock on it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: There’s some real high-tech gear inside
dialog: this deal, believe me. First, we’ll go
text: downstairs and turn on the tracking
dialog: (more)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (cont 'd)
dialog: system, and as long as the batteries on
dialog: that homing dart haven’t gone dead, we‘1l
dialog: get --
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Who locked us out?
scene_heading: ANNE-MARIE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: No one. We're trespassing.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Steve, are we allowed to go in there?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's the scientific community, man.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I’m required by law to notify the bank of
dialog: any illegal activities.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Just do what you got to do to cover your
dialog: ass, Bill.
text: Klaus comes up the ladder onto the platform. He carries a
text: large crowbar.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: I got it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Good. Here.
text: Klaus hands Zissou the crowbar. Zissou cracks open the
text: padlock. He pulis the chain off the door handle. He takes a
text: key out of his pocket, unlocks the door, and opens it. A
text: burglar alarm goes off.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Fuck! They wired it. Klaus, go back and
dialog: get me cable snippers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A life-sized cross-section of the lowest level of the sea-
text: laboratory at the ocean's floor. This is a highly
text: sophisticated laboratory filled with computers, aquariums,
text: microscopes, and cameras. Large windows look out into the
text: ocean. Stilts reach from the bottom of the structure ten feet
text: down into the sand. A manta ray swims by outside.
dialog: 68.
text: Zissou, Ned, Pelé, and Bill sit at a radar monitor. A small
text: green blip pulses on the screen and beeps. Vikram stands in
text: the corner with a 16mm camera on his shoulder. An intern
text: wearing headphones operates the boom. Three other interns
text: wait beside him.
text: Zissou takes a deep breath and says quietly to himself:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: OK. Action.
dialog: (performing)
dialog: Well, look who’s back in town. You‘ve
dialog: travelled 150 miles since we last heard
dialog: from you. This son of a bitch is headed
dialog: for the South Pacific.
text: Jane and Anne-Marie come down the stairs into the laboratory.
text: Zissou points to Jane and says intensely:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Turn on your tape recorder, cubbie!
text: Jane looks at the radar screen. She turns to Zissou.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Is it the jaguar shark?
speaker_heading: ZISsou
dialog: On the record? Yes.
dialog: (to Vikram)
dialog: Cut it.
text: Vikram cuts the camera. Jane looks confused.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Was I just in the movie?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah. You need to sign a release.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: But you’ve actually located the shark?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You bet your fucking ass, we did!
text: Zissou stands up and puts out his hand to Jane for her to
text: give him five. Jane hesitates. She slaps Zissou’s hand.
dialog: Zissou says to his crew:
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: All right. We've got twenty-five to
text: thirty minutes before the Coast Guard
dialog: gets here to arrest us. I want you to
text: load all Hennessey’s best gear onto the
text: Belafonte in fifteen.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: You're going to steal his stuff?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: No, we’ll get it back to him. Interns,
dialog: let’s see some hustle.
text: The interns start unplugging equipment and putting things in
text: boxes. Operation Hennessey is stencilled on everything. Anne-
text: Marie looks at a chart next to the radar monitor. She frowns.
text: Zissou walks out through a hatch and closes it behind him.
text: Anne-Marie picks up the chart.
scene_heading: ANNE ~-MARIE
dialog: What’s this, Pelé?
text: Pelé looks uneasy. He shrugs. Anne-Marie goes out the hatch
text: after Zissou. He is on his way up a ladder. She follows him.
scene_heading: ANNE-MARIE
dialog: Steve?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Uh-huh?
text: Zissou and Anne-Marie enter the upper level of the underwater
text: section of the structure, which is the living quarters. There
text: is a kitchen, a bathroom, a dining room, and two cabins with
text: sets of bunks and exercise equipment.
scene_heading: ANNE-MARIE
dialog: Do you know you’ve just charted us on a
text: course through unprotected waters?
text: Anne-Marie shows Zissou the chart. Zissou says agreeably:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah, we’re going to take the short cut.
scene_heading: ANNE-MARIE
dialog: (concerned)
text: But it’s outside I.M.U. jurisdication.
dialog: There isn’t any --
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I know, baby, but look at the map. If we
dialog: go your way, it’s about --
text: Zissou glances at the chart and holds up his fingers to
dialog: indicate:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: -- four inches. If we go mine, it’s an
dialog: inch and a half. You want to pay for the
dialog: extra gas?
text: They walk past Klaus and Wolodarsky in the dining room. Klaus
text: watches Wolodarsky work on a piece of equipment on the table.
text: He says casually:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: What kind of system is this?
speaker_heading: WOLODARSKY
dialog: They just upgraded to the Bernstein Nines
dialog: last summer.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: The Nines are out already?
text: Wolodarsky nods. Zissou sees an espresso machine on the
text: kitchen counter. He examines it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Does this do cappuccino?
text: Zissou picks up the espresso machine and carries it away.
text: Anne-Marie follows him through another hatch, and they start
text: climbing a spiral staircase that winds upwards. A school of
text: fish swims by outside.
scene_heading: ANNE-MARIE
dialog: Wait a second, Steve. This isn’t the
dialog: procedure.
text: There is a loud crashing sound from below. Zissou stops and
text: looks down the stairwell. Wolodarsky yells up to him:
speaker_heading: WOLODARSKY (0.S.)
text: Steve, one of the interns just fell down
text: the stairs with the main tracking
dialog: processor.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, make sure we steal the back-up.
dialog: 71.
text: Zissou and Anne-Marie approach the top of the staircase.
text: Outside the cylinder is the water’s surface.
scene_heading: ANNE -MARIE
dialog: Are you listening to me? Eleanor told
dialog: me --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Shut up before you jinx us, Anne-Marie.
text: Anne-Marie stops. She looks furious. She turns and walks back
text: down the staircase. Zissou goes up, out the door, onto the
text: platform at the top of the structure.
text: Ogata is fishing from the railing in the rain.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You catching anything?
text: Ogata shakes his head. Zissou hands the espresso machine to
text: the intern with the curly hair.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Hook this up and make me a latte.
text: The intern nods. Zissou opens an umbrella. He takes out a
text: joint and lights it. He checks his watch. The interns start
text: coming out with crates and boxes. They set them on the
text: platform and go back inside for more. Ned appears in the
text: doorway. He stands next to Zissou. Zissou sighs.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You know, cubbie’s kind of a sucker-
dialog: maker, but she’s got some moves.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I agree.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: If she wasn’t a bull-dyke, I think I
dialog: might have a little bit of a thing for
dialog: her.
text: Ned turns to Zissou blankly.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DUSK
text: The Belafonte runs at full speed on an open sea under grey
dialog: skies.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. CARGO HOLD. NIGHT
text: A storage room at the bottom of the ship. Folding chairs have
text: been set up among the suitcases, crates, and boxes. The
text: exercise equipment and espresso machine from Hennessey’s sea-
dialog: laboratory are also there.
text: Zissou and Wolodarsky sit at a radar monitor connected to a
text: large jumble of electronic gadgets stacked precariously on
text: top of one another and fastened together with rubber bands
text: and duct tape. There are cords and wires all over the room.
text: Ned, Jane, Klaus, Ogata, Anne-Marie, and Bill watch intently.
text: They have flashlights and candles. Wolodarsky points to a
text: large blip near the edge of the screen.
speaker_heading: WOLODARSKY
text: If the creature continues on its current
dialog: migratory route, our paths should
text: converge in less than four days.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: I want to get there in three. Ogata,
dialog: check the --
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Vladimir, what is this blip over here?
text: Ned points to a smaller, fainter blip near the center of the
text: screen.
speaker_heading: WOLODARSKY
dialog: I don’t know. I’ve been trying to figure
dialog: that out. We might have both of them
dialog: mixed up, or it could be the other way
dialog: around. Anyway, we'll be right on top of
dialog: it first thing in the morning.
text: Jane looks to Ned, impressed. Zissou says grudgingly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Good eye, Ned.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Thank you. Should we investigate it?
text: Everyone turns to Zissou. He looks slightly irritated.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah. We’1l do a quick dive at six AM and
dialog: scope out this phantom signal -- it’s
dialog: probably just one of Hennessey’s research
dialog: (more)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: ZISSou (cont 'd)
dialog: turtles -- but I want to be back on the
text: road by lunch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou pulling Ned aside as the rest of the group walks out
text: of the cargo hold and starts up the stairs. Renzo stays
text: behind listening to Wolodarsky play a composition on his
text: keyboard. Zissou says to Ned confidentially:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Do me favor, will you? Next time you get
text: a hot idea in front of the reporter,
text: whisper it in my ear, first. Otherwise, I
dialog: lock like kind of a daydream-johnny, you
dialog: know?
scene_heading: INT. SPA. NIGHT
text: Ned floats in the jacuzzi. Jane sits on the edge across from
text: him with her feet in the water. They both have on Team Zissou
text: swimsuits, and Ned wears a pair of diving goggles. The air is
text: filled with steam. Jane says in disbelief:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You let him change your name?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, we changed it together.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What was it before?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I left Kentucky as Edward Plimpton.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: That's a million times better. Change it
dialog: back, Ned. I really don’t see you as a
dialog: Kingsley Zissou.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Yeah, probably, me, neither. Anyway,
dialog: I don’t know if I even belong here. Do
dialog: you think Steve and I have a family
dialog: resemblance?
text: Jane reaches out to Ned and lifts his goggles off his face
text: onto the top of his head. She looks at him for a minute.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: No.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I guess it doesn’t really matter, anyway.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Why the £ are you paying for this movie
dialog: out of your own pocket?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, I think it’s a good investment. Or,
dialog: besides, I don’t have anything better to
dialog: do with my money, anyway. I’m alone now.
text: Ned puts his goggles back on and sinks lower into the water.
text: Jane watches him curiously.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I admire the man. He inspires people.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That may very well be true, but he’s
dialog: also --
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (gently)
dialog: So what, Jane?
text: Jane hesitates. Ned says sincerely:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He’s not taking advantage of me.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: {pause)
dialog: OK.
text: Ned and Jane stare at each other in silence. The condensation
text: on Ned’s goggles fogs them over completely.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I feel bad for you and that baby.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Don’t feel bad for us.
text: Silence. Ned shrugs.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Here.
dialog: 75.
text: Ned holds out Jane’s miniature, sparkling sand-dollar. It
text: hangs on a pink thread.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I stole it back and strung it on some
dialog: peppermint dental floss in case you want
dialog: to wear it like a necklace.
text: Jane puts the string around her neck. She looks at Ned and
text: smiles. She moves along the edge, closer to him. She kisses
text: him on the lips. Ned says quietly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I’ve only had two girlfriends in my life.
dialog: That I’ve gone to bed with, I mean.
text: Jane looks surprised, then dazed.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Wow. That makes me want to cry.
text: The door bursts open. Ogata and Pelé rush into the room and
text: jump into the jacuzzi. Pelé leans back and puts on a sleeping
text: mask. Ogata tears the wax paper wrapping off a ham sandwich
text: and takes a bite.
scene_heading: INT. JANE’S CABIN. NIGHT
text: Jane’s clothes, papers, and junk-food wrappers are strewn all
text: over the room. Zissou stands at the desk reading one of
text: Jane's notebooks. He has a crowbar in his hand. He turns the
text: page. Jane appears in the doorway with a towel wrapped around
text: her. Her hair is wet. She hesitates. She says loudly:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Woah!
text: Zissou looks to Jane and holds up the notebook.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Are you happy with the piece, Jane?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What are you --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Am I? No.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Put that down!
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I assume I’m Mr. Z. I’m sorry you think
dialog: my hat is -- what was the word?
dialog: (checking Jane’s notes)
dialog: Contrived. And that:
text: Zissou flips to another page. He reads at random:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: The Zissou of my childhood represents --
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: -- every dream I’ve come to regret? What?
dialog: Why?
text: Jane crosses over to Zissou and grabs her notebook out of his
text: hand. She says bitterly:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I’m going to have to start locking my
dialog: f-ing door.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: It was locked. I kicked it in.
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Why don’t you just curse?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Because I’m trying to get out of the
dialog: habit before I have my fucking baby.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh. That makes sense. Well, clean this
text: room up, anyway. It looks like it was hit
dialog: by a goddamn typhoon.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Get out.
text: Zissou sighs. He takes off his hat and looks at it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Please, don’t make fun of me. I just
dialog: wanted to flirt with you.
text: Jane hesitates.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I'll get an intern to fix the door.
text: Zissou turns away and walks out.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A high-speed message transmission module as it laser-prints
text: the following words onto a pink form:
scene_heading: FROM: I.M.U. Headquarters
dialog: TO: Operation Hennessey
speaker_heading: ATTN: Carl
scene_heading: INT. RADIO ROOM. NIGHT
text: A pristine cabin filled with ultra-modern satellite
text: telecommunications equipment. Three large portholes look out
text: to the ocean outside. The moon sits low on the horizon. A
text: young, blond Englishman in a white Operation Hennessey
text: uniform tears the pink document out of the printer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A long corridor with illuminated floors and glowing white
text: walls. The ship’s turbines hum from below. The young
text: Englishman walks briskly down the hallway carrying the pink
dialog: document .
scene_heading: EXT. REAR DECK. NIGHT
text: Hennessey sits on a chaise lounge at the back of his ship.
text: His hair is wet, and he wears only a white Operation
text: Hennessey swimsuit and a towel around his neck. A young,
text: blond Englishman dressed only in an Operation Hennessey
text: swimsuit sits on a stool beside him.
text: The first Englishman arrives with the pink document and hands
text: it to Hennessey. Hennessey reads it and frowns.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
text: This is a message from the I.M.U. Coast
dialog: Guard. Apparently, some crooked fuckers
dialog: broke into my sea-lab yesterday.
scene_heading: SWIMSUIT ENGLISHMAN
dialog: How awful. Did they nick anything?
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
text: It doesn't say. They probably just
text: trashed the place.
dialog: {gritting his teeth)
text: I’m so pissed I want to spit.
text: Hennessey crumples the document in his fist. He spits on the
text: deck. He uncrumples the document and looks at it again. He
dialog: says to the first Englishman:
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Hugo, tell Carl to load my elephant gun
dialog: with buckshot. We’re going to hunt down
dialog: these sickos.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN DECK. DAY
text: The next morning, onboard the Belafonte. Pelé assists Zissou,
text: Ned, Klaus, and Ogata as they put on their wet suits and
text: check their equipment. They carry nets and shovels and bags
text: of gear. Zissou has a spear-gun. Jane, Anne-Marie, and the
text: interns stand gathered around watching and helping. Vikram
text: films the scene.
text: Zissou plugs a cord into a socket on the side of his helmet
text: and adjusts an antenna on the top of his head. He says to
dialog: Jane:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: Supposedly, Cousteau and his cronies
dialog: invented the idea of putting walkie-
dialog: talkies into the helmet, but we made ours
dialog: with a special rabbit ear on top so you
text: can pipe in some music.
text: The group of divers jumps into the water.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DAY
text: An undersea forest. Large tree-like plants reach thirty feet
text: up from the ocean's floor. They sway and quiver in the
text: eurrent. Schools of fish dart among the trunks. A web-footed
text: water lizard swims past Zissou, Ned, Klaus, Ogata, and
dialog: Vikram.
text: They turn on flashlights as they enter the thicket. Vikram
text: films the others as they make their way through the tangled
text: branches, into a small clearing.
text: A partially demolished charter jet lies half-buried in the
text: sand. It is covered with barnacles, and fish swim in and out
text: of the windows.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A black-box recording console stuck in the wreckage. It beeps
text: quietly, and a red light blinks next to an antenna on its
text: casing. A blowfish swims over to it and puffs up like a
dialog: balloon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 79.
text: Zissou as he turns to Vikram and says over a radio head-set
text: built into his diving mask:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Let's start with the reverse.
text: Vikram nods and moves beyond Zissou, to a second position.
text: Zissou motions for Ned, Klaus, and Ogata to follow him back
text: into the trees. Ned says to Zissou over his radio head-set:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Would it be possible for me to address
dialog: you as Dad in this scene?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: No. Why?
text: Ned hesitates. He looks embarrassed.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh. Excuse me. I’m sorry. I forgot you --
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: Where you coming from, jack-off? Shit!
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: It’s not a bad impulse, though. Some kind
dialog: of nick-name. Not that one -- it’s too
dialog: specific -- but try to think of something
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Another name?
speaker_heading: OGATA
dialog: How about Steevsy?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: That’s good. Try it. What were you going
dialog: to say before?
text: Silence. Ned says simply:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Good luck, Steevsy.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Fantastic. Let’s go.
dialog: 80.
text: Zissou leads the other three, swimming into the clearing
text: again. They approach Vikram. They stare in amazement at the
text: wreckage while Vikram films them in close-up. Zissou signals
dialog: for Vikram to cut.
text: The five divers enter the crashed plane. A bright red octopus
text: jets out of a hole in the fuselage.
scene_heading: INT. CUTTING ROOM. DAY
text: Zissou sits in the sound booth talking into a microphone. He
text: wears headphones. Renzo and Vikram watch him through the
text: glass. Zissou finishes performing his narration:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: We examine the crash-site, but are
dialog: careful not to disturb the forensic
dialog: evidence.
dialog: (to Renzo)
dialog: How was that?
speaker_heading: RENZO
dialog: Not bad. The first take was a little
dialog: faster. Here’s the footage of Ned saving
dialog: your life.
speaker_heading: 4ISSOU
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: I told you not to print that, Vikram. He
dialog: didn’t save my life. That’s not the way I
dialog: want this sub-plot to go.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The screen of the flat-bed editing console. A slate says Reel
text: 3, Take 1, Mysterious Jet Sequence.
text: Inside the plane. Zissou’s leg is pinned under an exposed
text: turbine sticking through the side of the fuselage. A thermos
text: with barnacles all over it falls from the luggage rack and
text: clunks him on the head. He looks up and sees a large metal
text: trunk shifting precariously above him. He reaches up and puts
text: his hand against it to stop it from falling on him. A
text: miniature sea-scorpion circles near his neck. He tugs at his
text: leg violently with a look of panic on his face under his
text: diving mask.
text: Ned swims over and kneels down beside Zissou. He pulls and
text: twists on part of a crushed seat-back pressed against
text: Zissou’s ankle. An arm-rest breaks off, and Zissou’s leg is
text: freed. Zissou and Ned dedge away as the trunk crashes down,
text: and the sea-scorpion darts away.
dialog: 81.
text: Zissou swims directly into the camera and puts his hand over
dialog: the lens.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou focussed on the image on the screen. He shakes his
text: head and says, annoyed:
speaker_heading: ZISsoUu
text: That’s incoherent. I wouldn’t know how to
dialog: use this bit.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY. DAY
text: Ned comes down the stairs and sees Klaus at the end of the
text: corridor. He pauses.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Could I have a moment with you, Klaus?
text: Klaus looks to Ned. He frowns. Ned walks down the hallway and
text: stops in front of Klaus. They stare at each other.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: What?
text: Ned slaps Klaus in the face. Klaus looks taken aback.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Why’d you do that?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Because I owed you one.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (upset)
dialog: But you gave me a warning already. You
dialog: stood up for yourself.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I still owed you one.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Well, now I owe you one.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No. Now we're even,
text: Klaus looks confused. He sounds highly emotional.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Why’re you doing this to me? He’s not my
dialog: father, you know? I don’t have that.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: We’re even, dammit! That’s it!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The ocean under a heavy mist. An old, ramshackle speedboat
text: darts past the Belafonte, circles back, and races away.
text: Zissou watches from the look-out tower. He frowns.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE. DAY
text: Zissou flips through a book called Trawlers, Junks, and
text: Dinghies: A Vessel Identification Manual by Eleanor Zissou.
text: Pelé is at the wheel. Klaus sits glumly beside him.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: No, it was like a beat-up little jalopy.
dialog: I don’t know what you’d call it. You
dialog: didn’t see it?
speaker_heading: PELE
text: (staring straight ahead)
dialog: I didn’t see it, boss.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Well, keep your eyes peeled.
text: Zissou looks through the windshield into the fog with a pair
text: of boy scout binoculars. He lowers them.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Klaus, check who’s on watch. I’1ll be in
dialog: the sauna.
text: Zissou walks out of the bridge. Klaus looks at a clipboard
text: hanging on the wall.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Pelé and --
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: -- who the shit is Kingsley Zissou?
scene_heading: INT. NED’S CABIN. DAY
text: Jane sits on the edge of Ned’s bunk. She wears a tight
text: sleeveless T-shirt. Ned has on a Team Zissou swimsuit. He is
text: leaning into Jane’s lap with his ear pressed against her
text: stomach. He feels the baby kick. He looks startled.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Is that him?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Uh-huh. That’s him.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I've never felt a baby in someone's
dialog: stomach before.
text: Ned sits up. He seems very moved.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I think you’1l make a very good single
dialog: mother.
text: Jane smiles sadly. She spits out her gum into her hand.
text: drops it into a glass of water. She says softly:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Although it puts you both at a tremendous
dialog: disadvantage.
dialog: 83.
dialog: She
text: Pause. Ned and Jane start to make-out passionately with their
text: hands all over each other. Jane pulls-off Ned’s shirt. Ned
text: suddenly locks concerned.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You know, Steve has a little bit of a
dialog: thing for you.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Because he told me.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: Really? I thought he hated my guts.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, I think you hurt his feelings, but
dialog: that doesn’t mean --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: He says I hurt his feelings?
text: Jane shakes her head. She says philosophically:
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That’s so f-ed up.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: He called you a sucker-maker.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: What’s a sucker-maker?
text: Ned considers this. He shrugs. One of the albino dolphin
text: scouts stares in through a porthole.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. DAY
text: Zissou walks past the doorway to the laboratory dressed in
text: his bathrobe with a towel around his neck and a bottle of
text: Pellegrino in his hand. A rolled-up plastic sandwich baggie
text: filled with pot sticks out of his pocket. He stops. He comes
text: back. He looks into the room.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The screen of one of the dolphin camera monitors. There is a
text: glimpse of Jane touching Ned’s cheek in the porthole before
text: the image darts away into the water.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou. He hesitates. He walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. STERN. DAY
text: Pelé sits at the back of the ship playing a David Bowie song
text: on his guitar. He does not notice the speedboat approaching
text: again through the mist behind the ship. As it nears the
text: Belafonte, it becomes apparent that its passengers are
text: fourteen Indonesian men with machetes and machine-guns. One
text: of them raises a bamboo ladder into the air.
scene_heading: INT. SPA. DAY
text: Zissou sits alone in the sauna smoking a joint with his eyes
text: closed. He is dressed in a swimsuit. He has an ashtray
text: balanced on his knee. The air is filled with steam.
text: There is a loud cracking sound from the decks above, followed
text: by a low rumble. Zissou frowns. He opens his eyes. There is a
text: sudden rush of footsteps flooding down the stairs. Someone
text: pounds on the door. Zissou hesitates.
speaker_heading: 4ISSOU
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: KLAUS (0.S.)
dialog: Steve, would you mind opening the door?
text: Silence. Zissou takes one last puff on the joint, puts it
text: out, and sets the ashtray aside. He stands up and goes to the
text: door. He rubs the condensation off the porthole.
text: Klaus’ face is revealed with the end of a machine-gun stuck
text: into his temple, a machete held against his neck, and a fist
text: gripping a handful of his hair.
scene_heading: INT. NED’S CABIN. DAY
text: Ned and Jane lie on the bed together. There is a knock on the
text: door. They look at each other. Jane frowns.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Uh-huh?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (0.S.)
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Jane? Is Ned in there?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hi, Steevsy.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (0.S.)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Uh, hi. What’s going on?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Just doing a little book-reading.
text: There is some sudden shoving and yelling in Indonesian in the
text: hallway.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (0.S.)
dialog: I guess you better let us in.
text: Ned gets up and looks under the door. He sees Zissou’s powder
text: blue slippers and the dirty feet of seven men in worn-out
text: boots, tattered sandals, and sneakers with duct-tape holding
text: them together -- plus the tip of a machete. He is stunned:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: What’s happening? Is that -- Are those hi-
dialog: jackers?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (0.S.)
dialog: Well, we call them pirates out here, Ned.
dialog: You’re supposed to be on watch, by the
dialog: way.
dialog: 86.
text: Ned checks his watch. He looks horrified.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Oh, my God. You're right.
text: Ned opens the door. The pirates instantly burst into the
text: room. They have scars on their faces and wild looks in their
text: eyes. They chaotically manhandle Zissou, Ned, and Jane,
text: screaming and swinging machetes.
dialog: cur TO:
text: Zissou, Ned, and Jane on the floor tied-up with ropes and
text: twine. The door is closed, and they are alone in the room.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You know, if we had a little warning, we
dialog: could've fought these guys off.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (upset)
dialog: I'm sorry, Steve.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: This is why we're supposed to have our
text: Glocks on us at all times.
dialog: (yells at the ceiling)
dialog: Even the interns, Anne-Marie!
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: So tell me again -- you’re reading to
dialog: each other in French?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: No, it’s in English. It was translated.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, you know, you’re not supposed to go
text: into each other’s cabins on a boat.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: It’s just kind of an unwritten maritime
dialog: rule when you're at sea. Especially for
dialog: the goddamn look-out.
dialog: (screaming at Ned)
dialog: I’m furious at you!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: I’m so sorry.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Me, too, pal. You hung us out to dry. You
dialog: know, if we don’t handle this right,
dialog: we're going to all get murdered,
text: including her unborn British child.
text: Jane bursts into tears. Ned looks devastated. The door opens.
text: A pirate wearing a kamikaze headband comes in, goes over to
text: Ned, and pounds him in the head with the butt of his machete.
text: Ned falls over, knocked-out cold.
text: Zissou kicks and thrashes around but is bound fast to a pipe
text: on the wall. The pirate drags Ned out the door. Zissou yells
text: after him desperately:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I’m going to kill you for that, you
dialog: asshole! I’m going to hit you so fucking
dialog: hard you won’t --
text: The pirate closes the door.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Please, don’t hurt him!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and Jane coming up the stairs together with their
text: hands tied behind their backs. One of the pirates follows
text: them with a machine-gun.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Watch me. I’11 let you know when I’m
text: ready to make a move.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Steve, it’s way safer for us to just do
dialog: what they say. They probably only want
dialog: our money and jewels and shit.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Uh-huh, well, how am I supposed to finish
dialog: my movie, then?
text: Zissou, Jane, and the pirate walk out onto the deck. A dog
text: with only three legs runs wildly over to them, snarling. The
text: entire crew is lined-up facing a wall, down on their knees,
text: blindfolded, with their arms bound. Zissou looks shocked.
speaker_heading: Z1SSOU
dialog: Fuck! Jesus! Holy fuck!
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: They're going to kill us, Steve!
text: Zissou looks to Klaus. Klaus is sobbing. Zissou yells to him:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I’m patting you on the back right now,
dialog: Klausie! Don’t be scared! I’m going to
dialog: get us through this, everybody! Ogata?
dialog: Como esta, pal?
text: Zissou looks over the side of the ship. The pirates are
text: loading cans of fuel into their speedboat. A skinny, thirteen-
text: year-old Indonesian boy huddles terrified at the rudder. Ned
text: lies unconscious, tied-up on the floor, partially stuffed
text: into a potato sack. There is blood all over the side of his
text: face. Zissou looks as if he is about to cry. He yells
dialog: strangely:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Wake up, Ned-o! I’m sorry I yelled at
dialog: you!
dialog: (to the pirates)
dialog: I need to speak to the man in charge,
dialog: fellas!
text: The pirate with the kamikaze headband holds a Glock to the
text: back of an intern’s head and shouts at him hysterically.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Don’t point that at him. He’s an unpaid
dialog: intern.
text: Zissou slowly moves his bound hands in front of the gun onto
text: the back of the intern’s head. He notices Vikram has one of
text: the cameras in his hand.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What kind of coverage you getting,
dialog: Vikram?
speaker_heading: VIKRAM
dialog: I just kept it rolling until they put
dialog: this hood over my head.
text: Bill and one of the pirates start an animated discussion in
text: Indonesian. The pirate shouts something to his colleagues.
dialog: Zissou says to himself:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: Bill speaks their language.
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: What’s he saying, Billy?
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Apparently, they’re going to take a
dialog: hostage, and they’ve chosen Ned, but --
text: Bill holds up a finger and listens as the pirates negotiate
text: with one another. He nods.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yes. Now that they’ve learned I speak
dialog: Indonesian, they seem to have changed
dialog: their minds.
text: Five of the pirates surround Bill. One of them takes out a
text: buck-knife. An older pirate comes out of the bridge. He wears
text: a baseball cap. He and the other pirates talk rapidly with
dialog: one another.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Do we have a vault? He wants to know
text: about the vault.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (blankly)
text: There’s no vault.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: He says, Give us the currency? I believe
text: that's the word. He appears to have seen
dialog: one of your films.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A small, jerry-rigged television set behind a cheap
text: restaurant kitchen in the slums of Jakarta. The pirates watch
text: a fifteen-year-old episode of The Life Aquatic. Some of them
text: appear to be cooks or waiters. In the program, Zissou and
text: Klaus sit beside Esteban as he opens a yellow safe on-board
text: the ship. He shows the camera bills and coins from various
text: countries. Zissou explains in voice-over:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: Our vault contains at least ten different
dialog: currencies from all over the world at any
dialog: given moment, and we are prepared for
dialog: every kind of financial necessity.
text: The pirates look intrigued.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou staring at Bill.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Tell him times have changed.
text: Four pirates come out onto the deck carrying the yellow safe.
text: Zissou sighs.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: There goes Ned’s inheritance.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Should I try to negotiate with them?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: {pause)
dialog: Yeah. Try that. Tell them to get off my
dialog: boat right now, or there's going to be a
dialog: major shit-storm.
text: Bill calmly addresses the pirates in Indonesian. Zissou
dialog: interrupts:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Did you say shit-storm?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, I’m trying to be more --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Translate what I’m saying, Bill.
text: Pause. Bill nods. He translates more aggressively to the
text: pirates. The largest of the pirates punches Bill in the
text: stomach. Bill doubles over onto the deck. Zissou looks
text: surprised.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: Woah! Woah! Woah! Step it down a notch!
text: Bill lies moaning on the deck. The large pirate picks him up
text: and heaves him over the side of the ship into a net. He is
text: lowered from a pulley to the speedboat with a crate of
text: bananas. Ned is hoisted back up and thrown on the deck.
text: Zissou calls out to him:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Ned-o? Can you hear me?
text: Ned does not respond. Zissou and Jane are forced down onto
text: their knees and blindfolded. Zissou yells desperately:
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: We'll get you back, Billy! Is everybody
dialog: else safe? Anne-Marie! You OK, honey?
text: Anne-Marie sounds miserable. Her voice cracks:
scene_heading: ANNE-MARIE
dialog: No, I’m not. I told you these were
text: unprotected waters.
text: Zissou shakes his head and all the energy seems to drain from
text: his body. He says to himself in a pained voice:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What a fucking nightmare.
text: Dark clouds roll in above the ship. Zissou turns to Jane and
dialog: says suddenly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Be cool on this shit, OK, cubbie? I mean,
dialog: at least try to show both sides.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I need to find a baby for this father.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yeah. I think I know what you mean.
text: Zissou nods. He wriggles his arms, testing the knots. Thunder
text: rumbles in the distance. Zissou takes a deep breath. He says
text: calmly to himself in a loud, clear voice:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: OK. This is it, Zissou. Here we go.
text: Klaus turns toward Zissou. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Steve? What are you --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I said get your ass the hell off of my
dialog: boat !
text: Zissou jumps up and whips off his blindfold. He throws a
text: lever on a valve, and steam shoots out of a pipe. He punches
text: one of the pirates in the face. He grabs the pirate’s pistol,
text: throws him overboard, and starts shooting. Bullets ricochet.
text: A hose snaps open, and water bursts out. An electrical fuse-
dialog: 92.
text: box breaks apart, showering sparks. The pirate with the
text: kamikaze headband holds a machete over the intern with the
text: curly black hair. Zissou shoots the pirate in the neck. The
text: pirate clutches at his throat, moaning, but manages to chop
text: into the intern’s shoulder.
text: Eight of the pirates are already in their speedboat. The
text: remaining four burst into frenzied screaming and shooting.
text: They beat and kick at Zissou's crew. One of them throws a
text: hand grenade. Zissou hollers:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Grenade!
text: Everyone dives for cover. There is an explosion near the back
text: of the ship. The pirates scramble over the railings, jump
text: into their speedboat, and race away. Zissou stands at the
text: prow of the Belafonte and empties his pistol at the
text: speedboat. He throws the gun after them. Pause. He says to
dialog: himself:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I’ve never seen a bond company stooge
text: stick his neck out like that.
text: Zissou shakes his head. The pirate with the kamikaze headband
text: lies face down on the deck in a pool of blood. Zissou stands
text: over him and says defiantly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I know this asshole. I told him I was
text: going to kill him.
text: Zissou turns to his passengers and crew. They are all looking
text: at him with their blindfolds on. The ship is in flames behind
text: them. An electrical storm crackles on the horizon. Strange
text: lightning bolts shoot upwards. Pelé tilts his head curiously
text: with tears running down his cheeks from under his blindfold.
speaker_heading: PELE
dialog: What’s that sound? Is that --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: The Arctic Night-lights, yeah.
dialog: (quoting)
text: As if the natural world’s been turned
text: upside-down. -- Lord Mandrake.
dialog: (unquote)
dialog: Vikram, get some cut-aways of this
dialog: miracle. Klaus, Ogata, put out the deck-
text: fires before we sink.
text: The three-legged dog goes over to Zissou and growls at him.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Those fucking amateurs. You left your
dialog: dog, you idiots!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The look-out tower. Zissou stands with Klaus and Ogata above
text: the blackened, smoldering ship. Pelé sprays a fire
text: extinguisher on the bridge, below. Everyone on deck looks
text: shell-shocked. Zissou shakes his head and says sadly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: Wrap the stiff in a tablecloth. We’re
text: going to bury him at sea.
speaker_heading: OGATA
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Shouldn't we give him to the authorities
dialog: or something?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: I’1l write up a few words to read over
dialog: him.
text: Zissou nods. One of the interns comes out onto the tower,
text: shivering. His arm is in a bloody sling. Zissou says gently:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: How you holding up there, intern? You
dialog: doing OK?
text: The intern nods. Zissou sighs. He pats the intern on the
dialog: back.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM. NIGHT
text: A lobster dinner for the crew. There is a half-empty jeroboam
text: of champagne on the table. Everyone looks exhausted and
text: depressed. Anne-Marie has a black eye. Zissou is not present.
scene_heading: ANNE-MARIE
dialog: I believe it’s criminal that Steve
dialog: allowed this to happen to us -- by which
dialog: I mean illegal. We’re being lead on an
dialog: illegal suicide mission by a selfish
text: maniac.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I hear what you’re saying, but I think
dialog: you misjudge the guy.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY. NIGHT
text: Zissou comes down the corridor. Klaus is waiting outside the
text: dining room. Loud shouting and commotion comes from inside.
text: Klaus whispers urgently:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Steevsy, I think the crew might be ready
text: to mutiny.
text: Pause. Zissou cracks open the door to the dining room and
text: looks inside. He says wearily:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Ah, man. What a drag.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN DECK. DAY
text: The next morning. Zissou, Ned, Klaus, Pelé, and Ogata stand
text: with their heads bowed and their hands clasped in front of
text: them. They are gathered around the body of the dead pirate.
text: It is wrapped in a red and white gingham-checked tablecloth.
text: The three-legged dog sits beside it. Ned is covered with
text: bruises, stitches, and bandages. He leans on a cane. Vikram
text: films the scene.
text: Klaus unfolds a a bundle of little scraps of paper. He clears
text: his throat and begins:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: St. Paul said to the Corinthians --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: Holy shit. Son of a bitch.
dialog: (to Vikram)
dialog: Cut.
text: Vikram keeps filming. An enormous, space-age, highly
text: futuristic yacht made of plastic, glass, and titanium pulls-
text: up dangerously close alongside the Belafonte and comes to a
text: full stop. Twenty-five men in white uniforms throw lines,
text: jump down steps, run across catwalks, and watch with
text: binoculars. Operation Hennessey is printed on the crew
text: members’ caps and across the side of the ship.
text: Hennessey stands at the prow in his lab coat and pink
text: cashmere scarf with an elephant gun cocked over his shoulder.
dialog: 95.
text: His Japanese television crew is circled around him. He yells
text: over a P.A. system:
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: This is Captain Hennessey! We’ve come in
dialog: response to your distress signal! Remain
dialog: calm and -- good God, is that you,
dialog: Steven?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: {to Ogata)
text: Run downstairs and put a tarp over
text: anything with Hennessey written on it.
text: Ogata nods and goes inside. Klaus motions to the dead pirate
text: at their feet.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: What about this guy?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Just throw him in.
scene_heading: INT. HENNESSEY'S QUARTERS. DAY
text: An immaculate, polished-teak sitting room. There are numerous
text: control panels with blinking displays and buttons. A silver-
text: nitrate print of the photograph of Lord Mandrake is framed on
text: the wall. Hennessey sits draped over a camel’s hair sofa with
text: a glass of white wine in his hand. Zissou is in a pink silk
text: armchair with fringe on it across from him.
text: The three-legged dog growls at Zissou’s side. Silence.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Your engine blew up and all your fuel’s
dialog: been stolen. Is that correct?
speaker_heading: ZISSoU
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Well, I certainly know how you feel. Some
dialog: crooked fuckers just stripped my sea-lab,
dialog: you know.
text: Zissou hesitates. He mumbles:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Probably the same dudes.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I can tow you as far as Port-au-Patois.
dialog: T’1l need your signature on this invoice
dialog: first. It accounts for the expenses of
dialog: the rescue operation, as well my time and
dialog: that of my crew.
text: Hennessey hands Zissou a bill. Zissou examines it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: This is more than the budget of my whole
dialog: project.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: It’s an estimate.
text: Zissou sighs. He re-reads the invoice. The dog scratches at
text: the sides of Zissou’s armchair.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: What’s your dog’s name?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Cody.
text: Hennessey nods. He rolls up a newspaper. He goes over to the
text: dog, still scratching at the chair, and swats it hard across
text: the body. The dog yelps and recoils.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Be still, Cody.
text: Zissou looks startled. He frowns and pets the dog. Hennessey
text: sits back down on the sofa. Zissou holds up the invoice.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I have to run this by my bond company
dialog: stooge.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
text: He's been kidnapped.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: That’s true. I got to rescue him first.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Sign it now, or I’m leaving you out here.
text: Pause. Zissou signs the bill. Hennessey takes it. Something
text: catches Zissou’s eye in an aquarium across the room. He
dialog: 97,
text: frowns. He points at it and looks to Hennessey. Hennessey
text: nods knowingly.
text: Zissou gets up and walks over to the aquarium. Hennessey
text: turns off the overhead lights and joins him. Plastic tubes
text: and wires stick out of the water, and a digital thermometer
text: hangs on the edge of the tank, connected to a computer. There
text: is a navy blue squid-like creature the size of a football
text: swimming figure-eight patterns and turning itself inside out
text: and back again. It has one green eye.
text: Hennessey says quietly:
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Hydronicus Inverticus.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (awestruck}
dialog: A rat-tail envelope fish. This is the
dialog: first one I’ve ever seen.
dialog: (looking to Hennessey)
dialog: How much you want for him?
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Not for sale, I’m afraid.
text: Zissou taps on the glass and stares at the creature. It
text: breathes audibly.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: All right. Let him go back to sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Hennessey holding the door open for Zissou and the three-
text: legged dog to walk across a gangplank back to the Belafonte.
text: Hennessey has his arm around Zissou’s shoulder. He wears a
text: neat leather supply belt around his waist. Zissou notices it
text: and says distractedly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Where’d you get that little fanny pack
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: What? My supply belt? It’s by Hartwell
dialog: and Kent. Why?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Not a bad crew gift.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: {suddenly)
dialog: Oh, I dined with Eleanor last weekend, by
dialog: the way. She’s summering at my villa in
dialog: West Port-au-Patois, don’t you know. Say,
text: how's Team Zissou holding up without her?
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A line being drawn on a wooden floor with a piece of chalk.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou on the deck of the Belafonte. His arms are folded in
text: front of his chest. His crew stands across from him. The
text: three-legged dog sits beside him, growling.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: The first thing that goes through a
text: captain’s head when he hears there’s low
dialog: morale going around is, What’d I do? Is
dialog: it all my fault? Well, he’s probably
dialog: right. Most of us have been together a
dialog: long time, and there’s others who were
dialog: here before that. Do you guys not like me
dialog: anymore? I mean, what am I supposed to
dialog: do? I don’t know.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Look, if you’re not against me, don’t
dialog: cross this line. If yes, do. OK? I love
dialog: you all.
text: Klaus immediately steps across the line. He looks to Zissou.
text: Zissou looks pained and stunned. He can barely manage to say:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Are you -- are you sure?
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (confidently)
dialog: Yes, I am.
speaker_heading: ZIssou
dialog: I don’t understand. Why?
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What do you mean? Wait a second. What are
dialog: we doing? I thought you said cross the
dialog: line if --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Cross the line if you want to quit.
dialog: 99.
text: Klaus quickly goes back to the other side.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Do it again. I misunderstood.
text: The interns whisper and murmur with each other. They all
text: cross the line. So does Anne-Marie. Silence.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO ROOM. DAY
text: A tiny cabin with telephone books from numerous exotic cities
text: stacked on shelves and hundreds of telephone numbers
text: scribbled on the walls. Jane sits alone at a little desk
text: talking on the wireless. She says into the microphone:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hi, Ross. You’re probably at lunch, which
dialog: is why I’m calling now. I got your
dialog: corrections on the proofs. They’re fine,
dialog: but -- I’m not coming back. It's over.
dialog: Please, don’t try to contact me, OK?
dialog: You'll hear from us sometime.
dialog: {pause)
dialog: We got attacked by pirates. I feel like
dialog: life is -- well, you get the idea.
dialog: Anyway, take care of yourself. Jane.
scene_heading: INT. NED’S CABIN. DAY
text: Ned and Jane sit side by side on his bunk holding hands.
text: There is a paper sack on a chair next to the bed. Ned does
text: not look at Jane. Jane sounds distraught:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'll probably just stay with my weirdo
dialog: sister until I get things figured out.
dialog: You understand, right?
text: Ned nods. He says quietly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Yes, that sounds like a good decision.
dialog: Will you write to me?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Of course. Give me the address.
text: Ned reaches into the paper sack and takes out a stack of
text: envelopes.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: 100.
dialog: Well, actually, I went ahead and stamped
text: and self-addressed fifty or so envelopes
dialog: to make it easier for you.
text: Ned hands Jane the envelopes. Jane looks touched.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Thanks. I’1l use them.
speaker_heading: NED
text: Each one has three blank pages in it, and
dialog: here’s a pen.
text: Ned gives Jane a blue and white ballpoint pen with four
text: different colors that click from the tip. Pause.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Maybe I’m going to write you a letter
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: OK.
text: Jane laughs. She kisses Ned on the cheek and then the lips.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I bet I’m going to really miss you, Ned.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I’m going to miss you, too. In fact,
dialog: feel like --
text: (with a lump in his throat)
text: I don’t know. I feel like my heart’s
dialog: getting broken. I guess I’m over-
text: reacting.
text: Jane hesitates. She looks suddenly lost.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Is that really true?
text: Ned nods sadly.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY. DAY
text: Jane comes down the corridor toward her cabin.
dialog: I
dialog: She has tears
text: in her eyes. She opens her door and starts to go inside.
text: Zissou yells from the stairwell at the end of the hallway:
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: That was all off the record, cubbie! That
dialog: whole deal. Actually, I’m surprised you
dialog: didn’t cross the line yourself.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What line?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (annoyed)
text: The line I drew on the deck just now.
dialog: Weren’t you up there?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: You're kidding! That was one of the most
dialog: dramatic things that’s ever happened on
dialog: this boat. I just lost all my best
dialog: interns. I thought you were supposed to
dialog: be covering this story.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You just said it was all off the record.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah, but you didn’t know that.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, I was down here packing.
text: Jane points to her packed suitcases lined up inside her
text: cabin. Zissou locks disappointed. He walks wearily toward
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: So you are leaving. You're jumping ship
dialog: on me.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I’m going to scrap the article.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: You mean you’re not even going to write
dialog: the cover story on me? Man, I just don’t
dialog: have any stature any more.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I’m sorry, Steve. Everything just got too
dialog: weird, that’s all.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah, but I gave you a goddamn show-
dialog: stopper out there. We got --
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Are you sleeping with Ned?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: That’s none of your business.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: OK, but --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: No, I’m not.
text: Zissou nods. He sighs.
speaker_heading: Z1SSOU
dialog: You're going to miss the jaguar shark or
dialog: whatever it is, if it actually exists.
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Are you crying? What’s wrong, Jane?
text: Jane shrugs. Zissou says gently:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You cry easily, don’t you?
text: Zissou takes out a Team Zissou handkerchief and dries the
text: tears on Jane’s cheeks.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO ROOM. NIGHT
text: Zissou sits wearily at the wireless. Drakoulias’ voice comes
dialog: over the line:
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS (V.0.)
dialog: Bloody hell. God save that poor little
dialog: stooge. This never would’ve happened if
dialog: Eleanor was with us.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Thanks, man.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS (V.0O.)
dialog: Your luck had damn well better change
dialog: soon, laddie. Now I must away. I'11 send
dialog: you a postcard from my travels.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: What? Hold it. Where you going?
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS (V.O.)
dialog: (mysteriously)
dialog: Abroad for a spell, my darling. It’s my
dialog: passport status, you see. I’m X-9, at the
dialog: moment. Legally, I’m a fugitive. Now I
dialog: must bid you --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Wait a second! They stole my budget. The
dialog: boat's broken. You’re ditching me up the
dialog: creek. What am I supposed to do?
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS (V.O.)
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Well, I must say, nothing’s jumping to --
dialog: Phillip, any suggestions?
dialog: (pause)
text: No. He’s shaking his head.
scene_heading: EXT. HENNESSEY’S YACHT. DAY
text: A sailor in a crisp, white, Operation Hennessey uniform
text: stands in the crow’s nest above the ship surrounded by
text: computers and high-tech navigation equipment. He raises a
text: pair of digital binoculars to his eyes. He lowers them
text: suddenly. He reaches toward a button on a panel and starts to
text: Say something -- but is interrupted by Klaus’ voice yelling:
speaker_heading: KLAUS (O.S.)
dialog: Port-au-Patois! Dead ahead!
text: The sailor turns and looks quickly behind him. He holds up
text: his digital binoculars.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A digital binocular shot of Klaus standing alone on the look-
text: out tower of the Belafonte watching the horizon with Zissou’s
text: boy scout binoculars. He picks up a bell and rings it
text: violently. He shouts at the top of his lungs:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Land, ho!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The sailor lowering his binoculars. He frowns.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DAY
text: Hennessey’s ship tows the Belafonte into the bay at Port-au-
dialog: Patois.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN DECK. DAY
text: The interns stand in a cluster in front of Zissou with all of
text: their duffel bags and knapsacks. Zissou says tensely:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: No, I can’t give you full credit, but I'm
dialog: not going to flunk you, either. You’re
text: all going to get incompletes.
text: The interns look furious. One of them mutters:
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: This is bullshit.
text: Zissou walks across the deck to the railing. He takes out his
text: passport and checks it. He puts on his red cap. Ned goes over
text: to him, smoking his pipe. Zissou examines the cuts and
text: bruises on Ned's face.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: They bashed you up pretty good, I guess.
text: Ned nods. Pause. He says quietly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Steevesy, I just wanted to say, in
dialog: regards to the argument we had during the
dialog: attack, because I still feel upset about
dialog: it, and also in terms of the nick-names,
dialog: well, I just wanted to say that -- what
dialog: are we to each other? Am I --
speaker_heading: zZIssou
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Let’s just keep it in the moment, OK,
dialog: Ned-o?
text: Ned looks startled. He says reluctantly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: OK.
dialog: (suddenly snapping)
dialog: Why? What does that mean?
text: Zissou hesitates. He shakes his head and waves his hands. He
text: seems confused and agitated.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Strike that. Look, why don’t you just
dialog: decide what we are to each other, and
dialog: whatever you come up with is fine with
dialog: me, OK?
text: Zissou climbs down a ladder onto the diving platform. Klaus
text: is pouring fuel from a gasoline can into the tank on a Zodiak
text: motorboat. Zissou sighs.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Klaus, take down those interns mailing
dialog: addresses and make sure they all get
text: fanny packs. Hartwell and Kent.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR. DAY
text: Pelé drives Zissou to the marina in the Zodiak.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT-AU-PATOIS. DAY
text: A deeply impoverished tropical island. There are beggars and
text: children and soldiers with machine-guns. Zissou and a small,
text: Filipino driver race through a shanty-town in a taxi with two
text: Port-au-Patois flags on the corners of the hood.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA. DAY
text: A large house on the shore with a woven bamboo and grass
text: roof. There are gardens, palm trees, and a goldfish pond. A
text: collection of small chrome buildings, observation towers, and
text: a geodesic dome surround the main structure. Zissou’s taxi
text: waits in the road. Zissou knocks on the ornately carved front
text: door. He watches some tiny black frogs leaping around on the
text: path doing little back-flips. Hennessey Villa is written on
text: the pavement beneath them in chrome mosaic tile.
text: Eleanor opens the door. She is dressed in a black leotard and
text: pink tights with a cream-colored scarf wrapped around her
text: waist. Her hair is tied back into a knot, and loose strands
text: stick to the sweat on her forehead. Classical music plays
text: loudly from the next room.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Oh, shit. What do you want?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Do you mind if I butter you up a little
dialog: before I answer that question?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Yes, I do. Tell me now.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I need some money to get the boat out of
dialog: hock and rescue my bond company stooge
dialog: who got kidnapped. Could we ask your
dialog: parents to loan it to me?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: OK. Could I go ahead and butter you up,
dialog: anyway? It took me two and half hours to
dialog: get out here.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA. DAY
text: Zissou follows Eleanor through a hallway into a living room
text: with grass-mat floors, chaises-longues, and oil lamps. There
text: are photographs of Hennessey with various celebrities and
text: dignitaries on the walls. The sun is setting on the ocean
text: outside. Eleanor turns down the volume on the stereo.
text: A tall Spanish man in a leotard waits in the next room
text: stretching with one foot on a table. Zissou sees him and
text: frowns. He points at the Spanish man.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Who’s that dude?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Oh. That‘s my research assistant, Javier.
dialog: Javier, te presento Steve.
text: The Spanish man stands up and shakes Zissou’s hand. He and
text: Eleanor exchange a few words in Spanish, and the Spanish man
text: goes outside. Zissou watches out the window as the Spanish
text: man runs down the stairs peeling off his leotard. Zissou
text: sighs.
text: Zissou bends down to examine a twenty-year-old picture of
text: Eleanor and Hennessey sharing a bellini in a gondola on the
dialog: Grand Canal in Venice.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I’d be jealous about you staying at
dialog: Allie’s place, except I’ve always thought
dialog: he was kind of a closet queer.
text: Eleanor and Zissou sit across from each other in two wicker
text: settees. There is a table in between them covered with
text: Eleanor’s notes, charts, diagrams, and pictures of different
dialog: 107.
text: species of penguin. There is also a manuscript entitled
dialog: Classic Penguins by Eleanor Zissou.
text: Eleanor takes out a brown cigarette, puts it in her mouth,
text: and lights it.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: How’s your father-son relationship coming
dialog: along?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: The sub-plot? Oh, you mean in real life.
dialog: Yeah, I think I’ve become something of a
text: father-figure to Ned. Or, at the very
dialog: least, he’s my half~son.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Half-son?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, nobody has a lock on any of this,
dialog: so I’m not sure how it all times out. I
dialog: mean, I want him to think of me like a
dialog: father, but the fact that there’s an
dialog: outside chance he really could be my
dialog: actual biological son makes it --
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: -- very difficult for me.
text: Eleanor nods. A yellow and green lizard darts onto the arm of
text: Zissou's settee. He lets it crawl onto his hand. The lizard
text: looks at him and yawns. Zissou sighs.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You know I’m not big on apologizing, so
dialog: I’ll just skip it, if it’s all the same
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: 421SSOU
dialog: Anyway, I’m sorry. I know I haven’t been
dialog: at my best this past decade.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (gently)
dialog: That’s true, but let’s just say it’s all
dialog: xight and -- leave it be.
text: Pause. Zissou flicks the lizard onto the floor and walks
text: outside.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE. DAY
text: Dusk. The balcony of Villa Hennessey looks out over a cliff
text: high above the sea. The Spanish man exercises on another
text: balcony below. Zissou stands at the railing and says sadly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What happened to me? Did I lose my
dialog: talent? Am I ever going to be good again?
text: Eleanor comes out to join Zissou. She smokes a brown
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, it doesn’t matter, anyway. This is
dialog: probably the last adventure I’ve got in
text: me. I was hoping to go out in a flash of
dialog: blazes, but now I think I'll just head
dialog: home -- unless you’re planning to sell
dialog: the island.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I wonder how much I could get for it?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: In this market? Oh, Eleanor.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: You were probably right, all along. We
dialog: should’ve had a kid together. Of course,
dialog: you were kind of already on the edge of
dialog: being too old, but I guess maybe that’s a
text: cop-out.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: It’s worse than a cop-out. I was thirty-
dialog: four.
text: Zissou nods. He takes out a joint and puts it in his mouth.
dialog: He says sincerely:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: It‘s good to see you, Eleanor.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: You, too.
text: Zissou leans forward and lights his joint off the cigarette
text: in Eleanor’s mouth.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: INT. NED’S CABIN. NIGHT
text: The Belafonte. Ned’s room is dark. The door opens. Zissou
text: comes in and closes it behind him. He looks at Ned and Jane
text: asleep in the bunk. He says quietly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: I’m about to blow my stack. I turn my
text: back, and the bullshit begins.
text: Ned opens his eyes. He sits up quickly.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Ned, you’re a scumbag.
text: Zissou turns on the lights. Jane wakes up.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: And, Jane, you’re a goddamn liar.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing in here?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What the £ are you doing in here? I
dialog: warned you before about being in the
dialog: wrong cabins. You were supposed to go
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, you convinced me to stay and finish
dialog: the story.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Is it still the cover?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I don’t fucking know.
text: Ned gets out of bed. He wears white boxer shorts. He puts on
text: his Team Zissou pants.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Don’t you dare put on that uniform.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: It’s all I have with me.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I told you I have a little bit of a thing
dialog: for her, dammit. Not this one, I said.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You said, Not this one, Klaus.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: {points to Ned)
dialog: So you heard me.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You're too old for me, Steve.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Well, you're pregnant!
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I don’t respect either one of you,
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: Well, I know why you don’t respect me,
dialog: but why don’t you respect him -- because
dialog: he didn’t hit me when I burst in here?
dialog: (to Ned)
dialog: I’1l tell you one thing: you never
dialog: would've gotten away with calling me a
dialog: scumbag in my cabin.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I never would’ve wanted to.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I meant you and Klaus. He’s been a dick
text: to Ned.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You’re right. What's the deal with that?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (to Zissou)
dialog: May I have a word with you privately?
dialog: Zissou shouts:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah!
dialog: lil.
text: Zissou and Ned go out the door and close it behind them.
text: Klaus stands at the end of the hallway in his striped
dialog: pajamas.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Are you two fighting?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I'11 deal with you later!
dialog: (to Ned)
dialog: Follow me.
text: Ned follows Zissou up the stairs.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Look, Steve. I know we both like her, and
dialog: you're angry and embarrassed, but --
speaker_heading: ZISsou
dialog: You think that’s what this is about?
dialog: Shit, Ned. What's that bull-dyke been
dialog: telling you?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: All right. I’m going to warn you now. Be
text: a gentleman.
text: Zissou and Ned walk down a corridor into the library. The
text: intern with curly black hair and his arm in a sling sits ona
text: sofa reading a copy of Oceanographic Explorer with a picture
text: of Hennessey on the cover. Zissou sees him and frowns.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What are you doing here? I thought all
dialog: you interns walked out on me.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: I want to help you find that shark.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: Goddammit !
text: Zissou grips the intern’s shoulder. The intern grimaces and
text: cries out in agony. Zissou lets go of him.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Thank you, intern. You’re getting an A.
text: Zissou and Ned walk out of the library and go up another set
dialog: of stairs.
dialog: 112,
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: His name’s Nico.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Who?
text: Zissou and Ned walk through the laboratory and go into the
text: kitchen. Vikram stands in the pantry door with a camera on
text: his shoulder. Ned sees him.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hello, Vikram.
text: Zissou turns and sees Vikram filming them. He screams:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Give me that camera! I’m going to smash
dialog: it over your head!
text: Zissou lunges at Vikram. Vikram ducks out the back of the
text: pantry and disappears around the corner. Zissou yells:
speaker_heading: Z2ISSOU
dialog: cut!
text: Zissou and Ned walk through the chart room and up another set
dialog: of stairs.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I misread you, man. I’m going to have to
dialog: re-think some shit.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (of fended)
dialog: You don’t know me. You never wanted to
dialog: know me. I’m just a character in your
dialog: film.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: It’s a documentary. It’s all really
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, damn you for that.
text: Zissou looks confounded. He shakes it off. He and Ned go out
text: the door, onto the main deck. Pelé sits by the railing
text: strumming his guitar. Ogata and Renzo are with him. Zissou
dialog: yells:
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Go to sleep, you sons of bitches!
text: Ogata, Pelé, and Renzo look startled but make no move to go.
text: Pause. Zissou turns away and climbs up the ladder to the top
text: of the look-out tower. Ned follows him.
text: They stand high above the ship in silence.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: That pregnant slut’s been playing us like
text: a cheap fiddle.
text: Pause. Ned says in a steely voice:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: That’s it. I’m going to fight you, Steve.
text: Zissou feints to one side and sucker-punches Ned in the face.
text: Ned hits the floor. Zissou shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You never say, I’m going to fight you,
dialog: Steve. You just smile and act natural --
dialog: and then you sucker-punch him.
text: Ned stands up and stares at Zissou.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: You fight your way, and I'll fight mine.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (patronizing)
dialog: Listen, Ned. Don’t try to --
text: Ned sucker-punches Zissou in the face. Zissou hits the floor.
text: He puts his finger to his lip and shows Ned a drop of blood.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I think your Team Zissou ring might’ ve
text: caught me on the lip.
text: Ned takes off his ring and puts it into his pocket. Jane
text: comes out onto the tower and stands behind Ned, chewing gum.
text: Zissou gets up. He says simply:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You call yourself my son, but I just
dialog: don’t see it.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It’s nothing personal.
text: Ned looks wounded. Zissou points at Jane and snaps:
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What do you want?
text: Pause. Jane blows a bubble, then pops it back into her mouth.
text: She says calmly:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: That’s so arrogant. That’s -- screw off!
text: Jane shrugs. Ned shakes his head and says, humiliated:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I can’t believe I asked if I could call
dialog: you Dad. What was I thinking? Of course,
dialog: you said no.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I let you call me Steevsy. It sounds
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: It doesn’t mean the same thing!
text: Silence. Zissou looks disturbed. Jane puts her arms around
text: Ned’s waist. Ned says quietly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I hadn’t planned to mention this, but
dialog: just to set the record straight: a week
dialog: before she killed herself, my mother told
dialog: me you’d known about me since the day I
dialog: was born. Is that a fact?
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Answer me! Is that a fact?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: That’s a fact.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I didn’t come looking for you because I
dialog: wanted to join your crew. I ought to have
dialog: stayed in Kentucky, where I belong --
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: -- and now I’ve made a fool of myself.
dialog: 11s.
text: Ned turns away sadly. The three-legged dog starts barking
text: crazily on the deck below. Zissou frowns. He goes over to the
text: railing and looks down.
text: Eleanor stands with her suitcases and a steel briefcase at
text: the prow of the ship over a ladder that comes up from the
text: water. A harbor taxi idles alongside the Belafonte. Eleanor
text: points at the dog and says sternly:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Quiet!
text: The dog stops barking and sits. Eleanor looks up to Zissou,
text: Ned, and Jane on the look-out tower. She shouts:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Somebody pay for this water taxi!
text: Pause. Zissou says to Ned:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You got any petty cash on you?
scene_heading: INT. CARGO HOLD. NIGHT
text: The entire crew sits around Zissou and Eleanor at a folding
text: table with Eleanor’s steel briefcase open in front of them.
text: It is filled with neatly stacked 100 dollar bills. Eleanor
text: has a telephone receiver to her ear, listening. Ned stands
text: alone in the corner.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Klaus, remind me to send Eleanor's
dialog: parents a thank-you note on the good
dialog: correspondence stock.
text: Klaus nods. Eleanor addresses the group:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: This is the message we received earlier
dialog: tonight on our answering machine at
dialog: Pescespada Island.
text: Eleanor places the receiver on a cradle connected to a
text: speakerphone. Bill’s voice comes over the line. There are
text: jungle sounds and static on it.
speaker_heading: BILL (V.O.)
dialog: Bill Ubell, here. I'm on a pay-phone.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
dialog: 116.
text: The answering machine at Pescespada Island. There is a
text: photograph of the original Team Zissou, with Zissou and
text: Esteban front and center, on the wall behind it.
speaker_heading: BILL (V.0.)
text: I'm still blindfolded, and my arms are
text: bound, but a young boy has been kind
dialog: enough to assist me. There's not much
dialog: chance I'll get another opportunity to
dialog: call, so I thought I'd ask if --
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: No, no, I’m just talking to my wife! Our
dialog: daughter’s graduating from high school
dialog: and --
text: Bill switches into rapid Indonesian and the line goes dead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The cargo hold. Eleanor hangs up the speakerphone.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, thanks for checking in, Bill. Maybe
dialog: next time you could let us know where
dialog: you're at.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Based on the quality of the connection,
dialog: the variety of the wildlife in the
text: background, and the elapsed time between
dialog: Mr. Ubell‘s capture and this message --
dialog: there’s a good chance he’s on one of the
dialog: Ping Islands.
text: Eleanor unfolds a map of the area onto the table. She
text: indicates a circle with her finger around a cluster of tiny
dialog: islands.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: There was once a four-star hotel on
dialog: Little Ping, but the entire island was
dialog: destroyed by monsoon five years ago. It’s
text: been uninhabited ever since.
text: Zissou sighs. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I know the place. Hotel Citroén. Cubbie,
dialog: I want to go on the record.
dialog: (with admiration)
dialog: Eleanor’s always been the brains behind
dialog: Team Zissou. By the way, are you going to
dialog: (more)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: ZISSoU (cont 'd)}
dialog: put in a good description of the command
dialog: center I set up down here?
text: Jane ignores this question. Zissou turns to the rest of the
dialog: crew.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, are we clear, gang? Set a course
text: for Little Ping Island, full-speed ahead.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: You’1l need to hire a team of mechanics
dialog: and re-build the engine first, of course.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I know. I’m saying, after that.
text: Ned walks out of the room. Zissou and Eleanor stand aside as
text: the meeting breaks up.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Just because I‘ve decided to save your
dialog: neck again and help you do this rescue
dialog: doesn’t mean you’ve won me back.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: OK.
text: Wolodarsky sits at the radar monitor across the room. A blip
text: glows near the center of the screen.
scene_heading: INT. GALLEY. NIGHT
text: Eleanor cooks grilled cheese sandwiches with sardines on the
text: stove. Jane sits at the kitchen table drinking a glass of
text: milk. They both wear bathrobes. Ned stands on deck outside
text: the window smoking his pipe, looking out across the harbor.
text: Eleanor sees Jane watching Ned affectionately. Pause. She
text: points to him with a spatula.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I think Ned’s the politest person I've
dialog: met in my life.
text: Jane nods and smiles sadly. Eleanor brings over the
text: sandwiches and sits down next to her.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Thanks .
dialog: 118.
text: Eleanor nods. She points at Jane’s stomach.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Is the father out of the picture?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Uh-huh. I was actually kind of terrified
dialog: to have this baby --
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: -- but right now I’m not really scared of
dialog: anything.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Maybe it’s my hormones.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: That makes sense.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What’s going to happen to you and Steve?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Nobody knows.
text: Eleanor goes to the refrigerator and gets a pitcher of milk.
text: She refills Jane's glass. She sits back down and stares at
text: Jane for a minute. She says finally:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I’m going to tell you something confiden-
dialog: tially, which won’t be mentioned again.
dialog: I’m pretty sure I’m the only person that
dialog: can say this, including Steve. Never mind
dialog: how I found out -- I’m a scientist. It’s
dialog: the thing that puzzles me about Ned’s
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
text: Zissou shoots blanks.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: {pause)
dialog: I think maybe it’s because he’s spent
text: half his life underwater.
dialog: 119.
text: Jane nods thoughtfully. She looks to Ned outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ned staring into the distance. Jane and Eleanor watch him
text: through the kitchen porthole in the background. Ned
text: extinguishes his pipe and shakes out the ashes. Little sparks
text: float around him. He slips the pipe into his pocket and goes
text: inside.
scene_heading: INT. CUTTING ROOM. DAY
text: Zissou, Renzo, and Wolodarsky sit at the flat-bed editing
dialog: console.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Let's try track three against picture.
text: Wolodarsky presses play on a reel-to-reel tape recorder. A
text: piece of brooding, suspenseful electronic music begins. Renzo
text: rolls the film.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The screen of the flat-bed.
text: The first image is of Ogata, alert in the observation bubble,
text: looking out as the ship barely slips by among the tangled
text: ranches of a coral reef. He says something into a walkie-
dialog: talkie.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU {(V.O.)
text: A treacherous reef surrounds the Ping
text: Islands, warning intruders to keep their
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE. DAY
text: Zissou listens by walkie-talkie on the bridge. He gives a
text: command to Pelé. Pelé quickly spins the wheel.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: Today, we discover one of its victims off
text: the coast of Ping Three.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DAY
text: The Belafonte slowly approaches the smoldering wreckage of
text: Hennessey’s research vessel, half-sunken in the bay. It looks
text: deserted. The crew of the Belafonte watches, frightened and
text: disturbed. Zissou smiles slightly.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: Our colleague Alistair Hennessey and his
text: crew are nowhere to be found.
scene_heading: EXT. RESEARCH VESSEL. DAY
text: Zissou poses for the camera standing on the prow of
text: Hennessey’s ship, which juts vertically out of the water. He
text: has a determined look on his face. He gives a thumbs-up.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: We will land at dawn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Wolodarsky turning a knob on the tape recorder. The music
text: fades out. Renzo stops the film. Zissou nods. He looks to
text: Wolodarsky and says in a determined voice:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Not bad. We’ll temp it with that, anyway.
text: Wolodarsky looks pleased.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. DAY
text: Dawn. A forgotten beach with demolished cabanas and tattered
text: umbrellas stuck in the sand. A torn poster with an image of
text: the resort as it once was hangs rustling on a crooked board.
text: The sea is calm at low tide. The three-legged dog paddles in
text: from the surf and walks onto the beach. It shakes the water
text: off itself.
text: The head of a diver in a mask and a Team Zissou wet suit pops
text: up out of the ccean inside the breakers. Seven other divers
text: emerge one by one and advance on the shore.
text: The first diver to reach land takes off his mask. He is
text: Zissou. He scans the tree-line with a spear-gun at the ready.
text: He lets out a wild yelp. Ned, Klaus, Ogata, Renzo, Pelé, and
text: Wolodarsky take off their masks and aqualungs. They check
text: their Glocks. Pelé helps Wolodarsky inspect a bundle of
text: dynamite. Vikram films the scene.
text: Zissou sees the dog digging in the sand. He whistles.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Cody!
text: The dog goes over to Zissou. Zissou and his team run into the
dialog: jungle.
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSH. DAY
text: Zissou leads his team through a rice paddy and emerges from
text: the mud among a herd of grazing water buffaloes. He looks at
text: his ankle and frowns. He pulls off a leech.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Oh, shit! Swamp leeches! Everybody! Check
dialog: for swamp leeches and pull them off of
dialog: you!
text: Zissou pulls leeches off his arms, hands, feet, and neck. The
text: others check, but no one else has been bitten. Zissou begins
dialog: to notice this.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Nobody else got hit? What’s the deal? I’m
dialog: the only one?
text: The others shrug and shake their heads. Zissou seems annoyed.
text: Wolodarsky pulls a leech from behind Zissou’s ear. He
text: examines it closely and touches it with his tongue. He puts
text: it into a tiny, Zip-loc specimen bag. Zissou looks at him
text: like he is insane. Wolodarsky explains:
speaker_heading: WOLODARSKY
dialog: These have curative properties.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, yeah, I know, but they probably
dialog: taste like shit.
text: Zissou whistles, and they continue through the jungle.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: The seven divers and the dog hidden in the bushes on the edge
text: of a clearing with their Glocks out and ready. A five-story
text: cement hotel that looks like a bunker stands across from
text: them. It is overgrown with vines and trees, and most of its
text: windows have been smashed out. There is an empty, Olympic-
text: sized swimming pool with dirty water and algae at the bottom.
text: Small monkeys run and swing on branches in the courtyard. A
text: destroyed golf cart lies on its side, partially buried, with
text: a red and white striped snake winding around its steering
text: wheel. A sign above the front entrance says Hotel Citroén.
text: Zissou shakes his head. He says sadly:
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What a shame. They had a bartender here,
dialog: Kino, made the best rum cannonball I ever
dialog: tasted.
text: Zissou sighs. He turns to Vikram.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You ready, Vikram?
text: Vikram holds up his light meter and takes a reading. He nods.
text: Zissou looks to everyone else and shrugs.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Should we do this?
text: No one responds. Zissou runs out into the clearing. His group
text: follows him in single-file around the side of the hotel. They
text: cut across a deserted tennis court with a fallen net and
text: plants growing out of it. They quickly climb a chain-link
text: fence and drop down into a desolate rose garden. They go
text: inside through the service entrance.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL. DAY
text: Zissou and his team run through the kitchen, down a back
text: corridor, and up the fire stairs, anxiously checking every
text: closet and corner. They hand-signal to each other elaborately
text: and continuously.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL. DAY
text: Zissou and his team come out onto the roof. Zissou cocks his
text: head to one side abruptly. He licks his pinky and holds it up
text: in the air. He nods.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: The barometer’s falling. It’s going to
dialog: rain in five minutes. We got to be quick.
speaker_heading: OGATA
dialog: Well, where are they?
speaker_heading: ZISsoU
dialog: Unknown. Split into two groups. I‘1ll take
text: Ned, Ogata, and Wolodarsky.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Thanks. Thanks a lot for not picking me.
dialog: 123.
text: Klaus walks away to the edge of the roof, shaking his head,
text: with his back to the group. Zissou sighs. He goes over to
text: Klaus and stands behind him.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: We’re smack in the middle of a lightning
dialog: strike rescue op, Klaus. What's the deal?
text: Klaus shrugs and says without looking back to Zissou:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: I’m sick of being on B-squad.
speaker_heading: 2ISSOU
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Listen, you may be on B-squad, but you’re
text: the B-squad leader.
text: Zissou punches Klaus gently in the back. Klaus turns around.
text: There are tears in his eyes. Zissou continues:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Don't you know me and Esteban always
dialog: thought of you as our baby brother?
text: Klaus nods. He shakes his head. He says, choked up:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: I always thought of you two as my dads.
dialog: Please, don’t let anyone make fun of me
dialog: for saying so.
text: Zissou hesitates. He hugs Klaus.
speaker_heading: ZISsoU
dialog: I can’t guarantee that, Klausie, but I’1l
dialog: try. Can we get on with the maneuvers
dialog: now?
text: There is a flash of lightning, then a thunderclap. Everyone
text: looks up at the sky.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou, Ned, Ogata, and Wolodarsky running silently down a
text: corridor. They open each hotel room and look inside with
text: their guns drawn. Zissou shouts:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You got something?
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: WOLODARSKY
dialog: Not yet!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Klaus, Pelé, Renzo, and Vikram racing across a balcony along
text: the front of the building. They peer into the windows. Klaus
dialog: yells:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Anybody see anybody?
speaker_heading: PELE
dialog: Empty!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and his group convene with Klaus and the others at the
text: top of the main staircase above the lobby.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Klaus? Pirates?
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Zip. I think this whole place is
text: deserted.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Shit! We played a bum hunch. Fuck! OK,
dialog: let’s not get down on ourselves. There's
text: still two more Ping Islands to check out,
dialog: except I don’t know if we got enough gas
dialog: to get there. Dammit, Steve!
dialog: (depressed)
text: This sucks. I’m disappointed in myself.
text: Zissou sighs. He surveys the lobby below. It is filled with
text: trash, overturned furniture, and a huge chandelier which has
text: crashed onto the floor. The entire room appears to have been
text: underwater at some point, and there are shells and seaweed
text: everywhere. The concierge desk remains intact. It has started
text: to rain outside. Zissou says quietly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: My first wife, Jacqueline, and I spent
dialog: our honeymoon here.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Things are pretty different now.
text: Zissou turns to Ned beside him. Ned looks to Zissou
text: uncertainly. Zissou takes a deep breath. He motions down the
text: stairs and says loudly to the rest of the group:
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: All right. Let’s check out.
text: Zissou starts down the staircase. He immediately slips on the
text: slick marble and tumbles hard, bouncing and rolling all the
text: way down to the lobby. He lies on his back, sprawled out on
text: the wet paisley carpet.
text: Everyone races down after Zissou. They circle around him.
text: Vikram is filming. Zissou says calmly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Did you get that, Vikram?
speaker_heading: VIKRAM
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Uh -- yeah.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Good. We'll give them the reality this
dialog: time.
dialog: (utterly defeated)
text: A washed up old man with no friends, no
dialog: distribution deal, wife on the rocks,
text: people laughing at him, feeling sorry for
dialog: himself. Up until now we had a
dialog: documentary about me being a shitty
dialog: person --
dialog: (almost pleased)
dialog: -- but now it’s actually sad. Can I have
dialog: a word alone with my son, please?
text: Everyone moves away leaving Ned kneeling over Zissou.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Not really. By the way, thanks for saving
dialog: my life when that trunk was about to fall
text: off the luggage rack and cold-cock me.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It probably wouldn’t’ve killed you.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, it would've left a hell of a knot.
dialog: I've been trying to think of a nick-name
dialog: that might mean the right thing. I came
dialog: up with Papa-Steve.
text: Ned hesitates. He nods sadly. He helps Zissou to his feet.
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I’m sorry I never acknowledged your
dialog: existence all those years. It won't
dialog: happen again. I mean it.
text: Zissou puts his hand around the back of Ned’s neck.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You are my son to me. Almost more so.
dialog: See, for me to meet a guy like you at
dialog: this time in my life, it’s just --
text: Zissou starts to say something more, but stops. He looks down
text: at the floor and shrugs.
speaker_heading: Z2ISsou
dialog: I don’t know. I want to communicate my
dialog: feelings to you, but I think I might
text: start to cry.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (gently)
dialog: That’s OK.
text: Klaus rings the bell at the reception desk on the other side
text: of the lobby. Zissou and Ned look at him. He points to an
text: open closet and says in a loud stage-whisper:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
text: Something’s in the coat-check.
scene_heading: INT. COAT-CHECK. DAY
text: A few faded wind-breakers and topcoats hang from a rod.
text: Zissou tries a knob on a door at the back of the room. It is
text: locked. He knocks lightly and ducks away around the corner
text: with his gun poised. There is a quiet tapping and squeaking
text: from behind the door.
text: Zissou motions to Ogata. Ogata hands him a crowbar. Zissou
text: cracks open the door and looks inside.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM. DAY
text: There are rows of rusted and dilapidated washing machines and
text: electric dryers along the walls. Bill sits with Hennessey’s
text: Japanese television crew on folding metal chairs. They are
text: tied up and blindfolded, with duct tape over their mouths.
text: They look starved and half-conscious, and have been beaten
dialog: severely.
text: Zissou runs over to Bill. He says hopefully:
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Billy? You OK?
text: Zissou undoes Bill’s blindfold and carefully pulls the tape
text: off his mouth. Bill says immediately in a parched, cracking
dialog: voice:
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Did you get my message?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: Yeah. It was kind of garbled.
text: Ned and Klaus untie the Japanese television crew, who look
text: disoriented and terrified. Zissou says to Bill:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Where is everybody? When was the last
dialog: time you heard from these screwballs?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Honestly? You lose track of time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and his group supporting Bill and the Japanese
text: television crew as they exit the building. Zissou stands at
text: the revolving door, pushing it as each person goes through.
text: He follows them out. He stops suddenly.
text: There are ten fresh graves lined up in a row next to the
text: front door. An Operation Hennessey hat hangs from a make-
text: shift cross on each mound of dirt. Everyone waits in silence.
text: They look shocked. Klaus says nervously:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Jesus. These pirates are monsters.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, yeah, but remember I shot one of
dialog: their guys in the neck last week and
dialog: killed him, so I think we’re OK, too.
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Where's Cody?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL. DAY
text: Zissou comes back inside through the revolving door. He sees
text: the three-legged dog across the lobby, near the bottom of the
text: stairs, staring transfixed at a door, growling.
dialog: 128.
text: Zissou frowns. He yells:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Cody?
text: The dog does not respond. Pause. Zissou walks slowly toward
text: him. Ned watches from outside through a glass door. Zissou
text: stands over the dog. He opens the door.
text: Fifteen Indonesian men sit at a table smoking cigarettes and
text: playing cards in an abandoned ballroom. There are dollars,
text: euros, rupees, and yen crumpled and tossed in front of them.
text: Three other men cook turtle soup and rice over cans of
text: Sterno. Another twenty-five or thirty men stand around with
text: shot-glasses in their hands. There are rifles, pistols, and
text: machetes strewn across the tables and floor. There are cans
text: of fuel and crates of stolen food and clothing stacked along
text: the walls. There are piles of watches, television sets,
text: pornographic videotapes, jewelry, and bottles of liquor.
text: The pirates are all staring at Zissou. Hennessey sits among
text: them holding a hand of cards in front of him. His hair has
text: been shorn off, and there are cuts and scratches all over his
text: scalp and face. He has lost several teeth. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Steven, are you rescuing me?
text: Pause. Zissou nods reluctantly. Hennessey looks deeply
text: touched. He drops his cards on the table and says to the
dialog: pirates:
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Fold.
dialog: (to Zissou)
dialog: What’s our next move?
text: Zissou hesitates. A pirate across the table shoots Hennessey.
text: Hennessey is knocked down flat on the floor. Zissou grimaces
text: in horror. He ducks behind the staircase and struggles to get
text: his Glock out of its holster. The rest of the pirates
text: scramble, grabbing weapons and shooting. Zissou shoots back.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL. DAY
text: The rain is coming down hard. Ned stands outside watching
text: through the glass door as the gunfire starts inside. His eyes
text: widen. He turns to Klaus and yells:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Klaus, bring the dynamite!
dialog: 129.
text: Klaus grabs the bundle of dynamite from Pelé. He and Ned run
text: into the lobby through the revolving door. The dog darts out
text: while it is still spinning.
text: Bill, Ogata, Renzo, Pelé, Wolodarsky, and the Japanese
text: television crew stand frozen at the edge of the empty
text: swimming pool. The shooting inside bursts into a frenzy.
text: Ogata and Pelé exchange a look. They draw their Glocks. There
text: is a large explosion inside the hotel.
text: Pause. Zissou, Ned, and Klaus run out, dragging Hennessey,
text: who limps and hops. They are all completely covered in black
text: soot, and Klaus is on fire. Hennessey is bloody. Smoke pours
text: from the lobby through the revolving door. Klaus rapidly
text: peels off the top of his burning wet suit. His skin is clean
text: and white beneath it. He stamps out the flames. Zissou
dialog: shouts:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: They’re in there, after all! Run! Go!
dialog: Move! Now!
text: Zissou and his group sprint panicking back into the jungle.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE. DAY
text: Zissou leads everyone across a narrow footbridge over a
text: gorge. He says to Hennessey as they run:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Vikram got some great footage of your
dialog: boat out there. I guess it’s totalled,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Perhaps, but we’re extremely well-
dialog: insured. I’1l probably come out ahead, in
dialog: the end -- although we‘ll obviously have
text: to crew-up from scratch next time.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: They made soup out of my research
dialog: turtles.
text: Zissou sees a half-destroyed poster for the Ping Invitational
text: pasted-up at the end of the bridge next to a sign pointing to
text: the ninth hole. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: The ninth was a long four, but you had to
dialog: hook it short before the bluff or you'd
text: end up skipping out into that rice paddy.
dialog: 130.
text: A bullet zings past Zissou. He looks back. The pirates emerge
text: shooting from the other side of the gorge. Pelé takes a
text: bullet in the shoulder but keeps running. Zissou and his
text: group duck behind an embankment. They exchange a volley of
text: gunfire with the pirates. Zissou yells:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Ogata, do some first aid on Pelé!
dialog: Klausie! Ned-o! Dig in and hold these
text: rustlers off while I call in the rendez-
dialog: vous! We'll meet on the beach!
text: Zissou signals for the others to run. He starts to go himself
text: but hesitates. He points to Ned and Klaus.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You’ re A-squad!
text: Klaus gives Zissou an annoyed look. He and Ned continue the
text: gunfight as Zissou takes off.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. DAY
text: The skinny, thirteen-year-old Indonesian boy sits alone
text: cooking a sea-crab on a spit over a campfire in the sand. He
text: hears gunfire from the jungle and looks up quickly. He
text: frowns. He picks up a machete.
text: Zissou races out of the trees. He shouts into a walkie-
dialog: talkie:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Renzo! Renzo! Renzo! Anybody! Hello?
dialog: Hella?
text: Zissou frowns at the walkie-talkie. He shouts to Wolodarsky
text: behind him:
speaker_heading: 2ISSOU
dialog: This gizmo’s out of juice!
text: Wolodarsky grabs the walkie-talkie out of Zissou’s hands and
text: looks at it. He smashes it onto the ground. Zissou sees the
text: boy on the beach. He points his spear-gun at him. The boy
text: stands up slowly as a look of panic comes over his face.
text: Bill puts his hand in front of Zissou’s spear-gun and says
dialog: with emotion:
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: That’s Cédric. He’s a friend.
dialog: 131.
text: Bill waves to the boy. The boy waves back with his machete.
dialog: Zissou says wistfully:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Merci, Cédric.
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: Remind me, we‘ll send him a red cap and
dialog: Speedo.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA. DAY
text: Zissou runs onto a deserted pier, followed by the rest of his
text: group. There is a large fishing boat moored near the shore.
text: The pirates’ speedboat sits tied at the end of the dock.
text: Zissou yells to Pelé:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Grab the keys out of that fishing boat
dialog: and throw them in the water! No, wait!
dialog: They might have a spare set! Just blow it
dialog: up!
text: Pelé nods. He has a tourniquet on his arm. He climbs onto the
text: fishing boat and runs inside. Zissou directs everyone else to
text: board the speedboat. He gets in after them. Bill freezes. He
text: stares at something on deck at the prow. Zissou goes over to
text: him and looks.
text: The yellow safe from the Belafonte sits in front of them.
text: Ogata starts the speedboat’s motor. Pelé runs from the
text: fishing beat, down the dock, and jumps into the speedboat.
text: The sounds of yelling and shooting grow louder from the
text: jungle. Wolodarsky administers to Hennessey’s and Pelé’s
text: bullet wounds. Zissou looks to the beach.
text: Ned and Klaus sprint out of the jungle, firing back over
text: their shoulders. Zissou opens fire at the trees to cover
text: them. Ned and Klaus throw themselves onto the speedboat.
text: Klaus guns it, and they pull away from the dock. Zissou says
dialog: to Ned:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, it looks like we recovered your
dialog: inheritance.
text: Zissou motions to the safe. Ned nods, breathing heavily.
text: Zissou kneels down and spins the dial left and right. He
text: opens the safe. There is large hole blown in the back, and
text: the ocean is beyond it. The safe is empty. Ned’s face appears
text: in the hole. He looks at Zissou through the safe.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: All right. That’s it. I’m retired.
text: Ned frowns. He shakes his head. He motions for Zissou to come
text: toward him. Zissou leans into the safe. Ned whispers in the
text: darkness -- with a strange metallic echo magnifying his
dialog: voice:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: This might not be the right time or place
dialog: to discuss this, Papa-Steve, but we've
dialog: still got a shark to wrestle, and --
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: {curiously)
text: The acoustics are unbelievable in here.
dialog: Testing! Testing!
text: Ned hesitates. The fishing boat explodes near the shore
text: behind them. Zissou pulls himself out of the safe and runs to
text: the back of the speedboat. He makes a congratulatory gesture
text: to Pelé. Pelé shrugs sheepishly. Zissou suddenly spots the
text: three-legged dog stands alone at the end of the pier, wagging
text: its tail, watching them.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Oh, no! We got to go back and get --
text: Zissou turns around to his passengers. They all look at him --
text: blackened, bloody, and shell-shocked. Zissou sighs. He turns
text: away again to look at the dog as it recedes behind them. He
text: waves to it and says quietly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Good-bye, Cody.
text: The pirates begin to appear on the beach in the distance one
text: by one as the speedboat races away from the marina. A Zodiak
text: motorboat pulls up alongside them. Eleanor is at the wheel,
text: with the curly-black-haired intern beside her. She waves to
text: Zissou enthusiastically. Zissou shrugs. Ogata throws a rubber
text: ring at one of the dolphin scouts swimming with the Zodiak.
text: The dolphin catches the ring on its nose. The sound of a
text: helicopter fades-in under the scene.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER. DAY
text: Ned flies Zissou’s chopper low over the ocean. He wears a
text: Team Zissou flight-suit. Zissou sits in the seat beside him
text: looking out with his boy scout binoculars. They speak in
dialog: voice-over:
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: NED (V.0.)
dialog: See, this represents the Belafonte, and
dialog: here’s Pescespada Island, and this circle
dialog: represents friendship, and the K here
dialog: stands for Klaus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou, Ned, and Klaus standing on the deck of the Belafonte
text: looking down at something in front of them. Zissou looks
text: depressed. Ned has a needle and thread in one hand and a pair
text: of scissors in the other. The sound of the chopper continues
text: under the scene.
text: Klaus turns to Ned suddenly. He seems moved.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Where’s your symbol, Ned?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Oh, I didn’t want to impose myself.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Klaus is right. The flag needs a Ned
dialog: symbol.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Well, I suppose I could put an N on the
text: side of this octopus.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: What’s that stand for over there?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and Ned flying in the helicopter. They speak in voice-
dialog: over:
speaker_heading: NED (V.0.)
dialog: That's Esteban.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: The cargo hold. An extremely large number of electronic parts
text: are scattered across a tarp on the floor. Zissou and
text: Wolodarsky stand together in front of the disassembled
text: scanning monitor. Sparks and smoke come out of it. The sound
text: of the chopper continues under the scene.
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: WOLODARSKY
dialog: It was working OK until late last night,
dialog: but now the whole tracking system’s gone
text: completely on the fritz.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Screw it. We’ll sell it for scrap, along
dialog: with the boat and the submarines. I’m
text: going home.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ned pulling Zissou aside in the stairwell. The sound of the
text: chopper continues under the scene. Ned says firmly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Let’s take up the chopper and see what we
dialog: find out there, anyway. I’ve got a
dialog: feeling we can spot this fish froma
text: hundred and eleven feet up.
speaker_heading: Z2ISSOU
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: Ned, I don’t know if I ever even saw this
dialog: bastard.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (raising his voice) |
dialog: IT have $275,000 invested in this damn
dialog: production. Something ate Esteban, didn’t
dialog: it? Now lead!
text: Zissou looks at Ned curiously. Ned hesitates. He says
dialog: hopefully:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Right?
text: Ned puts out his hand, palm down.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Right?
text: Ned throws his hand up into the air.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Ho!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 135.
text: Zissou and Ned flying in the helicopter. Zissou signals for
text: Ned to alter their course. Ned nods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ned’s cabin. The sound of the chopper continues under the
text: scene. Ned zips up his Team Zissou flight-suit and ties the
text: laces on his boots. An envelope slips under the door into his
text: room. He picks it up and looks at it. He smiles. Zissou says
text: in voice-over:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and Ned coming out onto the upper deck of the
text: Belafonte. The sound of the chopper continues under the
text: scene. Ned wears a helmet with his flight-suit. He is reading
text: his letter, smiling, as he and Zissou walk toward the
text: helicopter platform.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: A letter from Jane.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: What does she say?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: Nothing to speak of.
text: Ned waves to Jane standing in the wind on the look-out tower.
text: Hennessey and Bill are beside her. Hennessey is shirtless,
text: with a large bandage over his mid-section. Jane smiles down
text: at Ned and waves back to him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and Ned flying in the helicopter. Ned and Klaus shout
text: in voice-over:
speaker_heading: KLAUS (V.0O.)
dialog: Thank you for putting me on the flag,
dialog: Ned!
speaker_heading: NED (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, Klaus! It was my pleasure!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 136.
text: Ned sitting in the chopper with the motor running. Zissou is
text: beside him. Klaus stands crouched over outside Ned’s door. He
text: holds Ned’s arm and yelis earnestly over the sound of the
dialog: engine:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Yeah, but you stitched me onto the
dialog: dolphin, and I want you to know how much
dialog: it means to me!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Well, I'm very pleased you liked it!
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: You’re not listening to me! I didn’t just
dialog: like it!
text: Klaus hesitates. He salutes Ned formally. Pause.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Do you understand?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou and Ned flying in the helicopter. Ned shouts
text: gratefully in voice-over:
speaker_heading: NED (V.0.)
dialog: Yes, I do! Thank you, Klaus!
text: Zissou reaches into his pocket and takes out an old, beaten
text: up envelope. He yells to Ned:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I’ve still got yours, of course!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (confused)
dialog: My what?
text: Zissou takes a letter out of the envelope. He unfolds it and
text: hands it to Ned.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: A worn and faded typewritten note on graph paper. A young boy
text: reads it in voice-over.
dialog: Dear Captain Zissou,
text: Iam 12 years old and live in Jawbone, Kentucky. A creek
dialog: runs behind our house where I live with my mother (she met
dialog: you once some years ago), and I collect and catalogue
dialog: amphibians, reptiles, and insects. I don’t know what this
dialog: one is called, so I named it myself:
text: There is a drawing in pencil of a gnat labelled Kentucky
dialog: Zissou Fly.
dialog: You are probably my one of if not the favorite person I
dialog: have ever studied. I plan to be either:
dialog: a) an oceanographer.
dialog: b) an architect.
dialog: c) a pilot.
dialog: Thank you very much for your good work.
dialog: Sincerely,
dialog: Ned Plimpton
dialog: Blue Star Cadet, Zissou Society
dialog: P.S. Do you ever wish you could breathe underwater?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Ned with tears in his eyes. He says to Zissou:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I still wish I could breathe underwater.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Me, too, Ned.
text: Something catches Zissou’s attention in the water below. He
text: looks down the side of the chopper through his binoculars. A
text: school of gently glowing pink fish swims rapidly in the
text: shallows. Zissou turns to Ned and says excitedly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Fluorescent snapper!
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: A good sign! Last time we saw this big
dialog: shit-kicker, he was --
text: The helicopter hits an air pocket and bounces once hard.
text: There is a loud thump and a whoosh, followed by a metallic
text: ping from above. Ned turns quickly to Zissou, concerned.
text: Zissou looks uneasy. He points toward the ceiling.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Something popped up there, didn’t it?
dialog: 138.
text: Ned nods and checks his instruments.
speaker_heading: NED
text: I heard a pin snap loose in the --
text: There is a sudden, deafening groan overhead. The sound of the
text: rotor blades slows and then cracks. The chopper drops like a
text: stone. Zissou and Ned brace themselves. Ned pulls on the
text: controls. The helicopter rattles and rumbles vigorously. A
text: chunk of twisted steel rips into the roof, tearing open the
text: cockpit. Glass shatters, and parts of the helicopter break
dialog: away.
text: Ned turns to Zissou and smiles uncertainly. Zissou hesitates.
text: Ned shrugs and smiles more broadly. Zissou reaches out to Ned
text: and puts his arm across Ned’s chest, bracing him. He says
dialog: blankly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: This is going to hurt.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER. DAY
text: Bubbles rocket past them as they sink.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The ocean. Zissou surfaces among the wreckage and burning
text: debris of the destroyed helicopter. There is blood all over
text: him. He sees Ned right away, draped calmly over a flotation
text: cushion. His helmet is still on, and his face is white.
text: Zissou yells to him:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Ned?
text: Ned nods to Zissou and says evenly:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Hey, Steevesy.
text: Zissou swims over to Ned and pulls his helmet off.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Are you OK?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: I think so.
text: Ned slides off the flotation cushion and starts to slip
text: beneath the surface. Zissou puts his arms around Ned’s body
text: and holds him above the water.
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: What happened? We hit something?
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Most likely not. I think maybe the push-
dialog: rod failed.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I'm sorry, Ned. I should've scrapped this
dialog: chopper ten years ago.
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: (getting an idea)
dialog: You know, maybe I should’ve auto-rotated
dialog: and performed a high-bank through our
dialog: descent. We might’ve crashed a little
dialog: softer.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Probably wouldn‘t’ve made any difference,
dialog: though.
text: Ned closes his eyes, and his body goes limp. Zissou puts his
text: finger to Ned’s neck to check for a pulse. He looks around in
text: a panic.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH. DAY
text: Zissou carries Ned out of the surf and sets him down in the
text: sand. Smoke rises from the crash site beyond the breaking
text: waves. Zissou sits on his knees next to the body. He takes
text: Ned’s hand and holds it.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN. DAY
text: Dusk. The Belafonte sits at anchor with two sea-planes docked
text: alongside it. White Christmas lights are strung along the
text: ship’s railings and around the edges of its windows.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN DECK. DAY
text: Zissou and his crew stand with Jane, Drakoulias, Phillip,
text: Hennessey, Bill, the Japanese television crew, and two middle-
text: aged men in Air Kentucky pilot uniforms around a casket
text: wrapped in a Team Zissou flag. Zissou has cuts, bruises, and
text: bandages all over his face and body.
text: Klaus reads from a bundle of little scraps of paper. Everyone
text: listens with tears all over their faces -- except Zissou, who
text: stares straight ahead with a hollow look in his eyes.
text: Klaus finishes. Jane steps forward with a stack of letters in
text: her hand. She tucks them into the casket. She presses the lid
dialog: 140.
text: shut and takes a slow, deep breath. She closes her fist
text: around the glittering sand-dollar hanging from her neck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou, Klaus, Ogata, Pelé, and the two Air Kentucky pilots
text: sliding the casket off the side of the deck. It drops length-
text: wise into the surf.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION BUBBLE. DAY
text: Eleanor watches sadly through the portholes underwater as the
text: casket sinks past her. She smokes a cigarette.
scene_heading: INT. SALON. NIGHT
text: A small reception after the funeral. Pelé is in the corner
text: playing a quiet David Bowie song on his guitar. Eleanor sits
text: in a red vinyl armchair next to Drakoulias. She has a box of
text: Kleenex in her lap. She touches one to her eyes and tilts her
text: head back to keep the tears from running down her face.
text: Zissou, Klaus, and Ogata stand together drinking glasses of
dialog: whiskey.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: This is the first time Eleanor’s ever
dialog: cried in front of me as long as I've
dialog: known her -- except once when she got her
text: arm caught in the deck-winch. Broke it in
dialog: two places.
text: Hennessey fills two cups of coffee at an espresso machine on
text: the counter. A label on the base of the machine says
text: Operation Hennessey. Hennessey turns abruptly to Bill.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Is this my espresso machine? How’d you
dialog: get my espresso machine?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Ah, we fucking stole it, man.
text: Hennessey frowns. He brings a cup of coffee over to Eleanor.
text: Zissou sits down next to them and says to Hennessey:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Allie, why don’t you go powder your nose?
dialog: I want to talk to your ex-wife.
text: Hennessey nods. He holds Zissou by the arm and says
dialog: confidentially:
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: We’ve never made great husbands, have we?
dialog: Of course, I have a good excuse. I’m part-
dialog: gay.
text: Zissou shrugs. He smiles and says warmly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: Supposedly, everyone is.
text: Hennessey hugs Zissou and walks away. Zissou turns to
dialog: Eleanor.
speaker_heading: ZISsoU
dialog: I never told you this, but I was hoping
dialog: we were going to get the chance to adopt
dialog: Ned. I think he would’ve wanted it that
dialog: way. Would you have gone along with me on
dialog: that one?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: He was thirty, Steve -- but I would’ve
dialog: considered it.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (moved)
dialog: Thanks, Eleanor.
text: Zissou goes over to Drakoulias. They stand together in front
text: of the window. The moon is up, but it is still light outside.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: We're a dying breed.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah. I guess we were all right while we
dialog: lasted, though, weren’t we?
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: Oh, we were like glory’s gate, my
dialog: darling. We were like that bloody shark
dialog: of yours. We swam with the -~ goddammit,
dialog: I had it on the plane. What was I going
dialog: to say? Oh, well. It’s good to see you.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: How's your passport status?
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: Much better, thank you. I’m back down to
dialog: X-4.
dialog: 142.
text: Drakoulias motions to Jane sitting alone on a red vinyl sofa
text: across the room. She looks devastated. Mascara runs down her
text: cheeks.
speaker_heading: DRAKOULIAS
dialog: Who knocked-up the reporter?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don’t know.
text: Zissou picks up a chocolate-covered strawberry and a napkin
text: off a tray. He walks over to Jane and sits down beside her.
text: He hands her the strawberry. She takes a bite.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: By the way, thanks for showing me your
dialog: first draft.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You read it? What’d you think?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Well, at first I was embarrassed.
dialog: Obviously, people are going to think I’m
dialog: a showboat and a little bit of a prick --
dialog: but then I realized: that’s me. I said
dialog: those things. I did those things.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I can live with that.
text: Jane smiles desolately. She takes the napkin and rubs off
text: some of her smeared mascara. Zissou says simply:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: You’re a good writer, Jane.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It’s the f-ing cover.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: That a girl.
text: Wolodarsky opens the door and says:
speaker_heading: WOLODARSKY
dialog: Excuse me. I’m sorry to interrupt, but we
text: just got the scanning monitor back up,
dialog: and the jaguar shark or whatever it is
dialog: we're tracking looks like it’s ina
text: trench on the far side of the reef.
dialog: 143.
text: Silence. Zissou looks to the rest of the party and shrugs. He
dialog: says sadly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Anybody feel like going for a ride?
scene_heading: INT. MINIATURE SUBMARINE. NIGHT
text: Zissou, Eleanor, Jane, Klaus, Drakoulias, Bill, Wolodarsky,
text: Ogata, Pelé, Vikram, Renzo, Hennessey, and the remaining
text: intern with the broken arm are all squeezed into Zissou’s
text: submersible Deep Search, formerly Jacqueline. Flowing water
text: casts shadows in patterns on their faces. Zissou is at the
text: wheel. A depth-sounding ping echoes periodically.
text: There is a large, dead tuna with clusters of sparkling chips
text: among its scales trailing at the end of a line behind them.
text: Zissou points it out to Jane:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
text: I hooked a rhinestone bluefin on a rope
dialog: to give him something to eat.
text: Jane nods.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The dashboard control panel. A warning sticker below the fuel
dialog: gauge reads: No more than six (6) passengers permitted at any
text: time. Zissou presses a button and a piece of dreamy
text: electronic music begins to play.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou steering the vessel into a pitch-black trench. He
text: flips a switch and turns on the lights outside the submarine.
text: They descend through schools of luminous fish, past giant
text: crabs, sea-turtles, electric eels, and octopuses which dart
text: cut from their caves to see them. Tiny, glowing, translucent
text: creatures circle around them as they dive deeper and deeper.
text: They arrive at the bottom of the trench. Black water smokes
text: from stacks among the rocks below, and strange flowers and
text: vines float and shiver on the ocean’s floor. An undersea
text: river with a mist over it winds through a shallow canyon. The
text: submarine hovers.
text: Zissou compares the numbers on the instrument panel with a
text: list in a notebook. Wolodarsky types something into a
text: calculator and turns to Zissou. He shrugs. Zissou neds. He
text: dims the lights. They look out into the darkness.
dialog: 144,
text: A school of gently glowing pink fish suddenly swarms around
text: the vessel, swirling in all directions, and disappears.
text: Zissou breathes heavily. Everyone waits in silence.
text: A gigantic shark seventy feet long emerges slowly from the
text: darkness. It looks scratched and scarred and pre-historic.
text: Its skin is covered with black and gold rings and circles
text: and it shimmers with a silver lustre. A small homing device
text: on the end of a dart blinks brightly on it’s back. It swims
text: quietly toward them. Zissou swallows. Everyone watches,
text: hypnetized. Vikram films it. Klaus says oddly:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Is that him?
text: Hennessey answers quietly, with emotion:
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: That’s him, Klaus.
text: The shark sweeps gently past the tiny submarine and bumps it
text: lightly, snapping away the tuna. The submarine dips violently
text: and tips over. The passengers are thrown sideways. They look
text: at each other, terrified. Zissou rights the submarine and
text: steers away from the rocks. Jane whispers:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Are we safe in here?
text: Zissou turns to Jane and smiles.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I doubt it.
text: The shark circles back around them. Klaus looks concerned.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Do we still want to blow it up?
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Nah. We’re out of dynamite, anyway.
text: Eleanor looks to Zissou. She smiles. She says warmly (in
dialog: spite of everything):
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: It is beautiful, Steve.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Yeah, it’s pretty good, isn’t it?
text: Eleanor nods. Silence. Zissou says softly:
dialog: 145.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: I wonder if he remembers me.
text: Pause. Tears suddenly stream down Zissou's cheeks. His body
text: clenches up, and his arms coil around his shoulders. He
text: covers his face and starts crying. Eleanor puts her hand on
text: the top of Zissou’s head. Jane puts her hand on Zissou’s
text: knee. Klaus holds Zissou’s shoulder. Drakoulias takes
text: Zissou’s hand. Ogata takes the other. Pelé, Bill, and the
text: broken-armed intern touch Zissou’s back. Hennessey places his
text: hand on the back of Zissou’s neck.
text: Zissou reaches out to Jane and puts his hand on her stomach.
text: Jane smiles sadly.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: In twelve years, he’ll be eleven and a
dialog: halt.
text: Zissou looks surprised and touched. He says with his voice
dialog: cracking:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: That was my favorite age.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM. NIGHT
text: The screen at the Loquasto Film Festival. The scene in progress
text: shows the jaguar shark as it swims away into the darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Zissou, Ned, and Jane on the deck of the Belafonte, leaning
text: against the railing, looking out at the sunset. Ned points to
text: the horizon, imitating Zissou’s pose from the official
text: publicity still. He says to Zissou:
speaker_heading: NED
dialog: Like this?
text: Zissou nods. He answers wistfully:
speaker_heading: Z1ISSOU
dialog: Just like that.
text: Ned takes Jane’s hand. Jane turns to Zissou.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You do it, too.
text: Zissou smiles. He points to the horizon. The image freezes,
text: and he says in voice-over:
dialog: 146.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.O.)
dialog: We complete the adventure, but another
dialog: member of our crew has been lost.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: The new flag. It is pale blue, pale green, and white. There
text: is a red Z inside a circle at the center. There is an E ina
text: life-ring on the left. There is a B on an anchor at the
text: right. There is a K on a dolphin at the top. There is an N on
text: an octopus below.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0O.)
dialog: This one was my son.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A close-up of the back of Ned’s head with the new flag flying
text: on a pole beyond him. He has his pipe in his mouth, and the
text: wind blows the smoke.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0O.)
dialog: Also our equity partner.
text: A dedication appears at the bottom of the screen:
speaker_heading: TITLE:
speaker_heading: IN MEMORY
dialog: Ned Kingsley Plimpton Zissou
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
text: The audience at the screening watching intently. There is an
text: empty seat in-between Eleanor and Drakoulias.
speaker_heading: ZISSOU (V.0.)
dialog: We start the voyage home in our wounded
dialog: vessel.
text: Jane sits in the front row of the highest tier of the
text: balconies chewing gum and watching the screen. She wears a
text: sad, remote look on her face. She holds her baby wrapped in a
text: blanket with a miniature knitted red cap on its head.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATRE. NIGHT
text: Zissou sits alone on the steps outside the auditorium. A red
text: carpet runs down to the street in front of him. There are a
text: few guards with machine-guns at the entrance to the theatre,
text: and a quiet crowd waits behind a barricade.
dialog: 147.
text: Zissou wears his red pin in the lapel of his tuxedo and his
text: gold legion of honor medal around his neck. There is a gold-
text: plated award statuette of a barracuda on the pavement beside
text: him. He smokes a joint.
text: The sound of applause is heard from inside.
text: Klaus’ nephew, Werner, comes out and sits next to Zissou.
text: Zissou looks at him. Pause. Zissou reaches into his pocket
text: and takes out Ned’s Team Zissou ring. He gives it to Werner.
text: Werner examines it and puts it onto his finger.
text: Zissou makes a little flick of the wrist and says quietly:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: Ho.
text: Werner looks up at Zissou. He nods.
speaker_heading: WERNER
dialog: Ho.
text: Strings of lights flicker over Zissou and Werner’s heads.
text: Zissou says wearily with hope and regret:
speaker_heading: ZISSOU
dialog: This is an adventure.
text: Three sets of double-doors open at once and the audience
text: bursts out from the lobby. The waiting crowd pushes through
text: the barricade. Fans and paparazzi surround Zissou and Werner.
text: Zissou grabs his award statuette. He picks up Werner with one
text: hand and sets him onto his shoulders. He walks sadly down the
text: red carpet with Werner floating above the rushing mob.
text: Flashbulbs go off all around them. They disappear into the
text: congregation as it flows down the street to the marina.
text: The Belafonte waits moored in the bay.
dialog: 
