dialog: 
speaker_heading: RELIC
dialog: a screenplay by Amy Holden Jones
dialog: based on the book by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child
dialog: March 16, 1995
scene_heading: TITLE CARD... BELEM BRAZIL - JULY...
scene_heading: EXT. BELEM STREETS - NIGHT
text: A taxi careens down narrow roadways at breakneck speeds.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - NIGHT
text: In the back seat is WHITTLESLEY. Early 40's, the wreck of a once
text: handsome man. Unshaven. Sweat stained. Rail thin. Scratches on his
text: arms, a fresh scar on one cheek. As the taxi roars downhill towards
text: the harbor, Whittlesley leans over the front seat. (Italics indicate
dialog: Portuguese to be subtitled)
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: <i>Faster! We won't make it.</i>
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: <i>You want to die?</i>
text: Whittlesley pulls out A KNIFE, puts it to the driver's jugular vein.
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: <i>Do you?</i>
text: Sweat pouring down his brow, the driver re-doubles his speed.
scene_heading: EXT. BELEM STREETS - NIGHT
text: The taxi swerves around a corner, nearly crashing into a fruit cart,
text: flies out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR - BELEM - NIGHT
text: Light rain obscures the bulky outlines of tethered freighters. We hear
text: faint laughter leavened with Portuguese phrases, distant Calypso music
text: from waterfront bars. One of the smaller boats, the SANTA LUCIA, is
text: loading as the TAXI fishtails to a halt.
text: Whittlesley gets out, sees the boat still at dock. His face floods
dialog: with relief.
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: Thank God.
text: He tosses a handful of bills into the driver's lap, sprints up the
text: pier as the driver shouts curses after him in Portuguese. Whittlesley
text: shoves past the dock hands as the last load goes onto the Santa Lucia.
text: The boat's engines churn to life.
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: <i>I need to speak to the captain!
dialog: Where is he?</i>
text: The sailors hold Whittlesley back.
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: <i>Get your hands off me! I'm trying
dialog: to save your lives, you fools!</i>
text: Several crew members murmur the word "loco". Hearing the commotion, a
text: squat man wearing a billed hat and smoking a cigar approaches. CAPTAIN
speaker_heading: FRANCO.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: American?
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: Yes. Thank Christ somebody speaks
dialog: English. I'm Dr. John Whittlesley.
dialog: You have some crates of mine on
dialog: board. They were shipped by mistake
dialog: to the Natural History Museum. We
dialog: have to get them off the boat.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: You have I.D.?
text: Whittlesley runs a trembling hand through his hair, trying to keep
dialog: control and appear reasonable.
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: No. Let me explain. I was on an
dialog: expedition for the museum on the
dialog: Upper Xingu. Something horrible
dialog: happened. I'm the only one who got
dialog: out alive. I lost everything, my
dialog: I.D., everything. I have to make
text: sure no one else dies. The crates,
dialog: the crates were sent out before we
dialog: knew. There's something unspeakable
dialog: inside. If your boat leaves harbor
dialog: with those crates on board, I can't
dialog: be responsible. My God, if they
dialog: reach New York...
text: Whittlesley's fists clench spasmodically. Franco looks to his men.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Loco.
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: No! I'm not crazy! As God is my
dialog: witness, I'm telling the truth.
text: Franco barks an order and several sailors grab Whittlesley by the
text: arms. They start to lead him back to shore.
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: <i>Don't do this! You have to believe
dialog: me. Your lives are in danger.</i>
text: The sailors laugh. But with an almost super-human strength born of
text: desperation, Whittlesley throws them off. He pulls out his wallet.
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: Cash. Cash, you see? American money.
text: Whittlesley throws the money down on the deck. The breeze scatters the
text: bills across the bow and all the men, including Captain Franco,
text: scramble for the money, chattering in Portuguese. While they are
text: occupied, Whittlesley slips by unnoticed and disappears below deck.
scene_heading: INT. HOLD - SANTA LUCIA - NIGHT
text: Whittlesley ducks between cages of goats, boxes of farm equipment, his
text: movements jerky with panic. As he continues searching, the camera
text: moves past him, into the darkness of the hold. We hear Whittlesley
text: mumbling between low, ragged breaths. At the back of the boat the
dialog: camera finds...
text: A STACK OF CRATES... clearly labeled NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM. Move in on
text: these as... The CRATES VIBRATE. The boat has started to move!
text: Whittlesley stands bolt upright, realizing what's going on.
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: No!
text: Too late. He turns to run back on deck but then stops, sniffs the air.
text: A look of desperation fills his eyes. With one hand he pulls out THE
text: KNIFE, and unexpectedly puts it to HIS OWN NECK. Better to kill
text: himself than face what comes next. The knife touches...
text: A NECKLACE of TWO ARROWS, one gold, another silver.
text: Whittlesley stares wide-eyed into the blackness of the hold. The goats
text: start BLEATING in blind panic. A shaft of moonlight comes through a
text: porthole as the boat turns. The moonlight falls on
text: THE CRATES. Whittlesley's eyes lock onto them and he inches towards
text: them, drawn inexorably closer... closer...
speaker_heading: WHITTLESLEY
dialog: No... no...
text: He begins mumbling a prayer.
text: MOVE IN ON HIS EYES... filled with dread as he falls to his knees,
text: staring, always staring at THE CRATES...
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS - NIGHT
text: The crew tends to business and the Santa Lucia points out of the
text: harbor, disappears into the night.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOUISIANNA COAST - DAY... TITLE CARD... JUNE
text: Squad cars roar down the back roads, sirens flashing. In the center of
text: the column is an unmarked car.
scene_heading: INT. UNMARKED CAR - DAY
text: At the wheel is a strikingly dignified and imposing black man wearing
text: a simple, old-fashioned dark suit, narrow black tie, and white shirt.
scene_heading: This is SPECIAL AGENT PENDERGAST, FBI.
text: A BACH SONATA for violin and harpsichord plays on the tape deck.
text: Pendergast hums along as he drives. A SMALL TOWN COP rides shotgun.
text: The cop is intimidated both by Pendergast and the morning's events. He
text: sweats heavily as he brings Pendergast up to date.
speaker_heading: SMALL TOWN COP
text: One of the locals found it at dawn.
dialog: Didn't believe him 'till I saw it
dialog: myself. Even then I didn't believe
dialog: it. Scared my men shitless. Me too.
dialog: I mean... hell... You could smell it a
text: half mile away, Mr. Pendergast.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: (unperturbed)
dialog: Any of your men go on board?
speaker_heading: SMALL TOWN COP
dialog: No sir. No way. None of us wanted
dialog: to, I'm the first to admit it. I
dialog: said, "Don't get within a mile of
dialog: this thing. It's way to big for us.
dialog: I'm calling the FBI."
text: Pendergast nods his approval, resumes humming along with a
text: particularly intricate harpsichord riff. As always, the man is
text: unflappable and totally calm as he drives.
scene_heading: EXT. LOUISIANA BEACH - DAY
text: The ocean is still, the air stifling and close. A hot sun beats down
text: on the deck of the SANTA LUCIA. The boat lists at a crazy angle where
text: it has been washed up on the shore. At first glance, it appears to be
text: deserted. A barrel rolls back and forth as the boat is rocked by each
text: successive wave. We hear sirens approaching and the phalanx of squad
text: cars pulls up. Joining them now are TWO AMBULANCES.
text: PENDERGAST gets out along with the others. All of the cops immediately
text: cover their faces, gagging violently at the smell. Pendergast sniffs
text: once and frowns. Apart from this, he doesn't react.
speaker_heading: SMALL TOWN COP
dialog: (choking)
dialog: Goin' up-wind if you don't mind.
text: Pendergast nods. The cops all fall back in revulsion. They watch from
text: a safe distance as Pendergast approaches the ghost ship. His shiny
text: laced wing-tips sink in the sand. He leans down, pulls them off one at
text: a time. He balls both socks, puts them carefully into his shoes and
text: proceeds barefoot towards the boat.
text: Using a piece of driftwood as a plank, Pendergast leans it against the
text: Santa Lucia. With surprising agility, he leaps up the plank to the
text: deck. At the top he touches a rail. It's covered in a DARK STICKY
speaker_heading: LIQUID.
text: BLOOD. Flies buzz loudly. A LARGE MACHETE lies abandoned in the stern.
text: Chairs are overturned. A DEAD GOAT, eviscerated, lies in the bow. A
text: lifeboat hangs half off the stern. Pendergast moves aft. The COPS
text: watch from the sand below, unwilling to get any closer. Pendergast
text: hears A DOOR slamming open and closed. He follows the noise and
dialog: sees...
text: THE DOOR TO THE HOLD. He approaches, pushes it open and looks down the
text: stairwell. Below deck are
text: BODIES... stacks of them. They've been TORN TO SHREDS.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES down to one particular man who is nearest the top of
text: the stairs. It's CAPTAIN FRANCO. His face is frozen in a howl of
text: terror. Flies congregate in the eye sockets. With his foot, Pendergast
text: nudges the body over. The skull has been torn open.
text: THERE IS NO BACK TO FRANCO'S HEAD.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
text: Silence then we begin hearing sounds of the city... horns, traffic,
dialog: construction work.
text: SUPER TITLE... NEW YORK CITY, FOUR MONTHS LATER as we...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: ON A NECKLACE of TWO ARROWS, one of gold, the other silver. The twin
dialog: to the one seen on Whittlesley. Widen to...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP GARDEN - MARGO'S NEW YORK APARTMENT - MORNING
text: And the woman wearing the necklace... MARGO GREEN. She sips her morning
text: coffee as she makes notes on several large FOSSILIZED TEETH. Her hair
text: is neatly combed. No make-up. She doesn't need it. She has a natural,
text: unselfconscious beauty and a mind like a steel trap.
text: At Margo's elbow is a small T.V. A CNN world news report plays.
text: Margo's New York Times is open to the crossword puzzle, which she's
text: been doing rapidly, in ink. Clearly this is a woman who likes order,
text: with a mind that can handle more than one thing at a time.
text: An alarm on her watch beeps and she fills in the last two lines of the
text: crossword puzzle, makes one final note on the fossil specimens, and
text: shuts off the T.V. She reaches for her back pack and looks out at
text: CENTRAL PARK with remarkably clear eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - MORNING
text: HELICOPTER SHOT... Swooping over the fall foliage of the Park, a riot
text: of color and botanical life... The camera picks out MARGO'S BICYCLE
text: making its way along the winding roads, dodging taxi cabs. Margo wears
text: jeans, a work shirt, a fine blue gabardine jacket with a rhinestone
text: DOUBLE HELIX PIN. On her back is a LEATHER BACK PACK which holds her
text: lap top computer. She emerges from the park, catches the green light
text: and rolls up to...
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY - DAY
text: As Margo arrives, the camera moves up and over the building, comes to
text: rest on the imposing turrets, intersecting roof lines, and Gothic
text: arches of the MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY. This is not an ordinary
dialog: building; it's a 19th century monument to science and mankind. The
text: structure fills an entire city block.
text: Happy visitors pour into the museum as Margo takes the imposing wide
text: stone steps two at a time. We hear SCREAMS of pleasure and release,
text: the normal raucous noises of a large group of THIRD GRADE CHILDREN.
text: Margo is amused to find herself surrounded by kids. Their teacher,
text: MRS. BEASLEY, a stern woman in glasses with a thick New York accent,
text: calls after them as they all head inside.
scene_heading: MRS. BEASLEY
dialog: Don't run, children! Stay with your
dialog: partner and do not run! If anyone
dialog: runs they will be sent back to the
dialog: bus!
text: Ignoring Mrs. Beasley, TWO BOYS charge past Margo. HENRY and LARRY.
text: Henry has a buzz cut; Larry has rasta dread knots. Both are 8 years
text: old, wear high top sneakers and shorts so big they graze their ankles.
scene_heading: MRS. BEASLEY
dialog: Henry! Larry! What did I just say!
dialog: You walk right this minute! Did you
dialog: hear me?!
text: Reluctantly, Henry and Larry slow to a rapid race-walk as they reach
text: the huge doorway flanked by two Northwest Coast Indian totem poles.
text: Above the doorway WORKMEN are hanging a LARGE BANNER. It reads:
scene_heading: "SUPERSTITION EXHIBIT... OPENING OCT. 29"
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM ROTUNDA/STAIRWELL - DAY
text: The school children burst into a three story space dominated by a
text: life-sized statue of a HERD OF ELEPHANTS. The kids chatter with
text: excitement, look up in awe. Margo nods to a GUARD who smiles as she
text: pins on a plastic I.D.
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: Morning, Dr. Green.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Morning Joe. Beautiful day.
text: Henry watches Margo pass through the turnstiles without paying. He
text: swaggers over.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You work here?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: (leans down, amused)
dialog: I'm an Evolutionary Biologist. What
dialog: do you do?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Nothing. I'm in third grade. What's
dialog: a revolutionary what ch'a ma'
dialog: callit?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Evolutionary Biologist. I study how
dialog: life on earth evolved over millions
dialog: of years.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (brightens)
dialog: Way cool. Then you know where the
dialog: dinosaurs are.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Fourth floor, West wing, but stay
dialog: with your class.
text: Mrs. Beasley heads into the museum and Larry and Henry merge with the
text: rest of the kids. Margo turns towards the stairwell, passing...
text: IAN CUTHBERT... Museum Director... a pudgy man in wire rim glasses who
text: dresses and thinks like a banker. Hired for his amazing ability to
dialog: raise money, Cuthbert is one of a new generation of Museum Directors
dialog: whose focus must always be on the bottom line.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Hello, Ian. Everything ready for the
dialog: opening of the Superstition Exhibit?
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: I'm on my way to get the last piece
text: out of storage right now.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I'd wish you luck but I'm not
dialog: superstitious.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: You will be after tomorrow night.
text: Cuthbert waves merrily. A workman uses a LADDER in the stairwell.
text: Cuthbert is about to walk under the ladder, stops and carefully walks
text: around it instead. Margo smiles, goes on upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM BASEMENT - DAY
text: Cuthbert enters from the lower stairwell. He is now in one of the
text: hundreds of areas of the museum that are closed to the the general
text: public. He follows a labyrinthine route down a dim passageway lined
text: with rumbling steam pipes. There are storage areas on both sides
scene_heading: labeled ORNITHOLOGY, HERPITOLOGY, CENTRAL ASIA EXPEDITIONS, AKELEY
text: EXPEDITIONS, WHALE BONE FOSSILS and so on. Finally Cuthbert comes to a
dialog: door marked
text: "WHITTLESLEY EXPEDITIONS 1978-95". Cuthbert pauses and gets out a key,
text: but to his surprise the door pushes open. The lock and doorknob
text: mechanism are both broken off! Cuthbert frowns.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: What the... ?
text: He goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. WHITTLESLEY COLLECTION BASEMENT - DAY
text: Cuthbert flips on a light to see a tall, narrow space. Stacks of metal
text: shelves reach up into the gloom. Everywhere we see spears, shields,
text: masks, various artifacts. Ancient tribal costumes lie shrouded in
text: plastic like corpses against the walls. And in the middle of the
text: gloom, sitting ominously in the light of a sole hanging bulb are...
text: THE WHITTLESLEY CRATES. The same ones last seen in the hold of the
text: ill-fated Santa Lucia. They are scattered about in disarray. One in
text: particular has been broken open, its contents spread on the floor.
text: Cuthbert mutters in surprise and dismay, kneels by the crate.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: No, it can't be.
text: Cuthbert feels gently through the packing material, lets out a sigh of
text: relief as he pulls out a figurine. It is a small, beautifully carved
text: statue of A MONSTER crouched on all fours.
text: The room falls totally silent as Cuthbert studies THE RELIC. It's a
text: truly frightening piece... massive, razor sharp claws, large round
text: nostrils, enormous teeth and red rimmed eyes. Suddenly Cuthbert sees a
text: DROP OF BLOOD on his hand! He's been CUT!
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Damn.
text: Cuthbert rises, shakes his finger in pain. Blood drips on the floor.
text: He pulls out his pocket handkerchief and wraps the wound. The
text: handkerchief rapidly soaks through. Suddenly a HAND CLAMPS on
text: Cuthbert's shoulder! He's not alone! He lets out a YELP, almost
text: dropping the Relic and spins to see...
text: A MUSEUM GUARD standing behind him. His nameplate reads... BEAUREGARD.
text: He's a gentle young fellow with white blond hair and a rolling
dialog: southern accent.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Beauregard! You scared me half to
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: BEAUREGARD
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. You okay?
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Someone broke into this room.
speaker_heading: BEAUREGARD
dialog: Anything missin'?
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Doesn't look like it. We're damned
dialog: lucky. This statue is priceless.
text: Cuthbert holds up the RELIC of THE MONSTER. Beauregard stares.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Mbwun. A South American warrior
text: deity. He carries a powerful curse.
dialog: Every member of the expedition that
dialog: found this statue, died.
text: Beauregard sees Cuthbert's cut finger.
speaker_heading: BEAUREGARD
text: Looks like the curse is still at
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: The claws are sharp... I must have
dialog: cut myself.
dialog: (uneasy laugh)
dialog: Better move these crates to the
dialog: secure storage area where they'll be
dialog: safe.
text: Beauregard studies the door as Cuthbert heads out with the figurine.
speaker_heading: BEAUREGARD
dialog: Don't know if it'll do any good, Mr.
dialog: Cuthbert.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BEAUREGARD
dialog: No one broke into this room, sir.
dialog: Someone broke out. That lock was
text: torn off from the inside.
text: Cuthbert glances at the evil face of Mbwun, pales. As he exits, HOLD
text: ON BEAUREGARD, left alone with the crates.
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL ANTHROPOLOGY LAB - DAY
text: Huge centrifuges, hissing autoclaves, electrophoresis apparati,
text: glowing monitors, elaborate blown-glass distillation columns and
text: titration set-ups. One of the most advanced technical facilities of
text: its kind. And mixed in with all the modern machinery are
text: SKELETONS OF ALL KINDS. Complete homo sapien specimens are scattered
text: around the room. Standing midst all this is GREGORY KAWAKITA, early
text: twenties. Kawakita makes sharp, jerky overhead movements with his left
text: hand, waving something about. He's practicing casting. We hear the
text: zing of a line and the whirring of the fly reel as MARGO ENTERS. A fly
text: whips out, passing right under her nose.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
text: Third from the end! Right shoulder.
dialog: Aleut, provenance unknown.
text: The fly zooms across the room and lights on the shoulder of the third
text: skeleton from the end, labeled "Aleut, provenance unknown." Margo
text: rolls her eyes and Kawakita smiles with pride.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: If I spent half the time on my
dialog: Fractal Evolution thesis that I
dialog: spend on this fly rod, I'd have my
dialog: PhD.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: (small smile)
dialog: But at what a price.
text: Kawakita reels in his line as Margo drops her backpack on her large
text: desk. An enormous MICROSCOPE stands by the equally imposing computer
text: topped by a tiger skull. A screen saver of an animated pterodactyl
text: plays. Margo unpacks boxes of fossil teeth, hits some keys revealing
text: columns of seemingly indecipherable chemical equations on the computer
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I have the species identification on
dialog: these teeth. We can extract DNA and
dialog: start running tests on the
dialog: extrapolator program. Call Dr.
dialog: Frock. He wanted a demonstration.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Margo, you haven't heard?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
text: Frock's been fired.
text: Margo straightens, stunned.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: That's impossible.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad
dialog: tidings, but you know me. Telegraph.
dialog: Telephone. Tell Kawakita. I got the
dialog: definitive word from Cuthbert's
text: secretary. This is Dr. Frock's last
dialog: week.
text: Margo is already out the door.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDORS/STAIRWELL - MUSEUM - DAY
text: Margo charges through double doors leading into the southwest tower.
text: She half runs down an elegant, Edwardian fifth-floor corridor, her
text: footsteps lost in the thick carpet. At the very end is a heavy oak
text: door bearing a plate entwined with bronze leaves that reads simply
dialog: "Dr. Frock".
scene_heading: INT. FROCK'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Margo bursts into the unique office, which is in startling contrast to
text: the modernity of her own. Two large bow windows look out over the
text: park. Upholstered Victorian chairs in a leaf motif sit on needlepoint
text: carpets featuring large red roses. Plant specimens and drawings of
text: flora and fauna line the walls. Cardboard boxes cover the floor.
text: Seated in a wheelchair is a white-haired man in a tweed jacket and a
text: loud floral tie. Glasses slip down his nose.
text: This is DR. FROCK, and he's in the middle of packing. He looks up,
text: smiles apologetically.
speaker_heading: DR. FROCK
dialog: Hello, Margo. Sorry about the mess.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Is it true? Greg said you'd been
dialog: fired.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Yes. Bit of a shock. But as Cuthbert
dialog: so tactfully put it, the museum
dialog: needs new blood. And since I've been
dialog: here since the Mesozoic Era --
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Now Margo, don't overreact. Cuthbert
dialog: has to cut costs somehow. My leaving
dialog: makes perfect sense. This isn't
dialog: exactly early retirement. I've
dialog: overstayed the party a bit.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: We can't do without you. You're one
dialog: of the foremost authorities on
dialog: primitive pharmacology. You're
dialog: practically an institution around
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: That, apparently, is the problem.
dialog: I'm yesterday's news. Who needs a
text: Curator of Plant Biology in a museum
dialog: with one exhibit on plants? Monsters
dialog: and dinosaurs, cannibals and shamans
dialog: are the new currency of the realm.
text: Frock goes back to his work packing to hide his emotion and Margo
text: moves to his side. She pulls Frock's books back out of the box,
text: returns them to his desk.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: "Phyletic Transformation and the
dialog: Tertiary Fern Spike" is not going
dialog: anywhere. I'll talk to Cuthbert and
dialog: put a stop to this right now.
text: She starts for the door and Frock wheels into her path. Now for the
text: first time she sees what he's been carefully hiding... the deep pain in
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Please. Don't humiliate me further.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Let me help. I can take care of
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: No, Margo. This is one problem you
dialog: can't solve. You have to stay out of
dialog: it. The fact is, I want to retire.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: How can you say that? You know it's
dialog: not true.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Yes it is. I'm tired and I'm no
dialog: longer needed --
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: My work on fossil intermediates
dialog: would be crippled without you.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: With all due respect, dear, that's
dialog: bull. You dance rings around me with
dialog: your new technology. You've left me
text: in the dust.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: (stubbornly loyal)
dialog: Your work is highly relevant. What
dialog: about your display on Primitive
dialog: Pharmacology? Cuthbert told me
dialog: himself he was going to feature it
dialog: prominently in the Superstition
dialog: Exhibit.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Healing plant use among the Ki tribe
dialog: of Bechuanaland has been cancelled
dialog: to make room for Tibetan Erotic Art.
text: Frock reaches out and squeezes her hand gently with a look that says
text: the discussion is over.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Come on. I'll walk you back to the
dialog: elevator.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I'm not giving up.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: You must.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM HALLWAYS - DAY
text: Frock rolls back down the hall the way Margo just came. Margo is
text: beside him, downcast. She's not used to defeat.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: This isn't a death sentence. Greg
dialog: has promised to teach me fly
dialog: fishing. I'll garden. I'll write.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: You are this museum. It won't be the
dialog: same without you.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Everyone needs a change of scenery.
dialog: I've been rolling down these halls
dialog: for forty-odd years. That's quite
dialog: enough.
text: Margo gets in the elevator reluctantly. He smiles and meets her eye.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: I'll see you at lunch.
text: He waves her off merrily. But once the doors close and Margo's out of
text: sight, Frock's smile fades and his shoulders sag. He ducks his
text: wheelchair quickly into the Hall of African Mammals.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF AFRICAN MAMMALS - AFTERNOON
text: Two stories high, dark and dramatic. A very special display. Dioramas
text: of lions, hippos, wart hogs etc. In the middle is a large statue of a
text: GORILLA beating its chest. Frock takes refuge in the darkness of the
text: exhibit. His wheelchair sits in a quiet corner and we see him quickly
text: wipe the back of his hands across his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MOLLUSKS EXHIBIT - DAY
text: Shells and sea life line the walls. A sign announces the exhibit
text: "Mollusks and Our World." The THIRD GRADE CLASS sweeps in. Larry and
text: Henry start to sing "Mollusks and Our World" to the tune of "Welcome
text: to Our World", the F.A.O. Schwartz theme song. Mrs. Beasley shoots
text: them the evil eye and Henry whines...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Mrs. Beasley, it's almost time to go
dialog: and we still haven't seen the
dialog: dinosaurs!
speaker_heading: BEASLEY
dialog: If you ask me about the dinosaurs
dialog: once more, I'II strangle you both!
text: She starts to lecture about horseshoe crabs in a droning monotone.
text: Henry and Larry hang back.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: This room sucks.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: She's never going to take us to see
dialog: the dinosaurs. That lady said they
dialog: were on the fourth floor.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Let's ditch and find them ourselves.
text: They dart off down a side corridor and up a wide stairs.
scene_heading: INT. REPTILES AND AMPHIBIANS ROOM - DAY
text: Larry and Henry emerge and walk wide-eyed among the cases of lizards,
text: chameleons, tortoises. High windows light the room. Outside the sun is
text: going down. A woman pushing a child in a stroller exits and the boys
dialog: have the hall to themselves.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Look at this. A Komodo dragon.
text: As Larry checks out, the huge, dragon-like reptile, which has just
text: sunk its Jaws into a stuffed boar. Henry points to a stuffed Gecko
text: climbing vertically up the side of its case.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Check out this one. It can walk up
dialog: walls.
text: Larry already has his eyes on the far end of the hall where temporary
text: barricades have been put up to prevent access to the next room.
text: Painting is in progress. Scaffolding just begs to be climbed. Henry
text: runs over and starts up the scaffolding. Larry hesitates.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: We're not supposed to go back there.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Chicken. This is a great short cut.
text: Henry drops on the other side of the scaffolding and Larry follows. In
text: a moment both disappear from sight.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM HALL OF BIRDS - DAY
text: Windowless and dark. A closed display under maintenance. Thousands of
text: little stuffed birds line the walls from floor to ceiling, white
text: cotton poking out of sightless eyes. Henry and Larry enter and slow
text: down. Larry's getting scared.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I don't want to go this way.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Don't be a wuss. Come on.
text: The boys continue onward more slowly, their footfalls echoing in the
dialog: silence.
scene_heading: INT. BACK HALLWAYS - DAY
text: The children are now far from the other tourists and their class.
text: Larry is frightened. The hall takes a sharp dog-leg, ending in a
text: darkened cul-de-sac full of display cases filled with hideous carved
text: masks. Against the side of the chamber is a barricade of wood which
text: looks much like a wall. Henry tugs at it and the barricade moves. He
text: looks behind.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hey, there's a secret staircase back
dialog: here. Cool.
text: Henry disappears behind the barricade leaving Larry completely alone
text: in the dark room with the Shaman masks.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Henry, come back!
text: Henry doesn't respond. The lights in the cases throw strange shadows.
text: Larry starts to sniffle, falls to hiccuping, sits down. He pulls on a
text: little flap of rubber that's coming off the toe of his sneaker, all
dialog: bravado gone.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Henry! Henry!
text: No answer. Larry rises and peeks behind the barricade. He sees the
text: circular stair. It descends into total darkness. From below comes a
text: strange smell that makes Larry's nose wrinkle.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Henry?
text: No answer. Larry puts his first foot on the stair.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Henry! Come up! Please!
text: With no other option but staying alone in the dark, Larry follows
dialog: Henry down.
scene_heading: INT. SPIRAL STAIRCASE - DAY
text: Larry clutches the banister, whispers...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Henry? Where are you? Henry?
text: Larry takes another step. Another. And another. He stops. Below him he
text: hears SNUFFLING, rather like a large dog. Larry freezes, starts to
dialog: cry.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Henry! Henry! It smells awful.
dialog: Answer me! Are you all right?
text: Larry can barely see a dim hallway stretching out in two directions.
text: He pauses near the bottom of the stairs, eyes wide, holding his
text: breath. There appears to be a darker area of SHADOW at the end of the
dialog: hall. It's gliding TOWARDS THEM!
text: Suddenly something CLOSES on Larry's leg and he YELPS. It's HENRY.
text: Henry pulls Larry the rest of the way down the stairs. They stand
text: alone together in the darkness. Henry hisses.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Quiet!
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don't know. But I think it's bad.
text: They keep their eyes locked on the shape at the end of the hall as
text: they back up, step by step. Move in as their faces suddenly TWIST WITH
text: FEAR. THE BOYS... SCREAM BLOODY MURDER... The sound echoes in the
dialog: darkness as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARGO'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Margo sits up in the darkness, gasping. Moonlight cuts across the bed.
text: It takes a moment for her to realize that she's had a nightmare. She
text: reaches for her light. As she switches it on, we see a photo on her
text: bedside table. It shows a group on a mountain in TIBET. There are
text: several people with their arms slung around each other. At the end is
text: a younger MARGO holding hands with JOHN WHITTLESLEY. They appear to be
dialog: more than friends.
text: ON MARGO... she looks at the photo a moment, then turns off the light
text: and lies back, alone in her bed.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK WEST - DAY
text: Yellow crime tape encircles the museum. Dead leaves swirl in clusters
text: and the sky is overcast. Overnight, fall turned to winter. The front
text: of the museum is ringed with police cars. Margo rides up on her bike
text: and pauses, startled at the sight. We watch as she crosses, has a few
text: words with one of the officers who motions her to a side entrance. She
text: wheels her bike under a stone tunnel as we pick up...
text: A TAXI CAB arriving at the front entrance. Out steps SPECIAL AGENT
scene_heading: PENDERGAST.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER ROTUNDA - DAY
text: Margo enters. The huge hall is taken up by an enormous boat carved
text: from the trunk of a single tree. Inside it are mannequins of Northwest
text: Coast Indians. Milling around are at least twenty COPS. One
dialog: approaches.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: ID.
text: Worried, Margo hands it over.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: All employees are to go to the IMAX
text: room for a briefing, Dr. Green.
scene_heading: INT. SIDE HALL - MUSEUM - DAY
text: Several cops go by with tracking dogs. Margo looks back at the dogs,
text: increasingly uneasy, almost bumps into...
text: HENRY AND LARRY. Surprisingly, they are alive and well and seated with
text: MRS. BEASLEY outside an office. Margo exchanges a look with both boys,
text: remembering them from yesterday. A tentative smile starts but Henry
text: and Larry don't return it. Serious and chastened, they drop their
text: eyes. Margo continues on.
text: TWO COPS stand outside the door to the rest room, their backs turned
text: to Margo as she approaches.
speaker_heading: COP ONE
dialog: What was that? Six?
speaker_heading: COP TWO
dialog: Lost count.
text: Margo glances past them to see an OLDER MAN wearing the badge of a
text: NIGHT WATCHMAN, leaning over a sink. He wipes his mouth. Margo's eyes
text: move down to see... THE MAN'S SNEAKERS are soaked in blood.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF ADVANCED FOSSIL MAMMALS - DAY
text: More cops gather, surrounded by skeletons of primates... humans,
text: monkeys, gorillas. It's an odd sight. They all look up with interest
text: as in walks the imposing figure of...
text: SPECIAL AGENT PENDERGAST. He turns to a young eager beaver, OFFICER
text: BAILEY, flashes his badge. Bailey straightens to attention.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Could you please take me to the
dialog: officer in charge?
scene_heading: INT. CIRCULAR STAIRWELL - DAY
text: Pendergast follows Bailey as they descend the rickety old metal
text: staircase that goes into the bowels of the museum. The hall below them
text: is narrowand lit by an occasional bare bulb. The stairway opens onto a
text: maze-like set of rooms in the basement. Everything around them is
text: STREAKED and SPATTERED in BLOOD. There are trails of it on the floor,
text: the walls, the overhead light.
text: Several COPS stand guard as DETECTIVE VINCE D'AGOSTA goes over the
text: area. He is a round, balding, man with an unmistakable air of
text: authority. A modern knight in shining armor in disguise... deep
text: disguise. He has on a cheap polyester short sleeved shirt. His t-shirt
text: is plainly visible underneath. On his worn plastic belt is a badge.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Don't touch anything until the
dialog: S.O.C. has finished with those
dialog: stairs. Keep everyone clear of the
dialog: perimeter. I don't want any
dialog: contamination. There's an incredible
dialog: amount of blood evidence down here.
dialog: We need more light. Where's the
dialog: photographer? Tell him to quit
dialog: eating donuts, I need him.
text: As Pendergast enters, D'Agosta looks up at this serious African-
text: American in simple black suit, white shirt and dark tie.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Who are you? The undertaker?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
text: Special Agent Pendergast. FBI.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Vince D'Agosta. Am I out?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Not at all. I think we may be
dialog: working on the same case. If so, I
dialog: could use your help.
text: The two men shake hands. They couldn't be more different. Pendergast
dialog: is an elegant intellectual... D'Agosta a working class spark plug who
text: operates from the gut. Pendergast gestures to the form on the ground.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: The body?
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: What's left of it.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Mind if I have a look?
text: D'Agosta calls to A POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER who comes down the staircase
text: carrying lights, a donut stuffed in his mouth.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: We need light in here, stat.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Where's the head?
text: D'Agosta points to a lump the size of a bowling ball that's in the
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Careful. That mess on the ground is
dialog: brains.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Whose footprints?
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
text: Night watchman who found the body.
dialog: Sweet old man. Been tossing his
dialog: cookies for over an hour. Not a
dialog: likely suspect.
text: The photographer is finally ready and he floods the dark room with
text: light. And now everyone (but not us) gets a very clear look at the
dialog: body.
text: THE PHOTOGRAPHER... spits out his donut. His eyes roll up and he drops
text: in a dead faint. Just like that. D'Agosta swallows hard.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Woof.
text: Pendergast looks down, utterly impassive.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Yes, I'd say we're definitely
text: working on the same case.
scene_heading: INT. IMAX ROOM - DAY
text: An old 19th century theater. Balconies. Heavy curtains. It looks like
text: the theater where Lincoln was shot, with the exception of the most
text: recent addition, an IMAX SCREEN five stories high. The room is filling
text: with museum employees, all murmuring anxiously. Margo sits down next
text: to Frock's wheelchair. Her face is ashen.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Dr. Frock, I just saw a man back
text: there who'd been wading in blood.
text: As Greg Kawakita sits in the chair next to Margo...
speaker_heading: MARGO (CON'T)
dialog: For once I'm glad you're rumor
dialog: central. What in the world is going
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Someone's been murdered. Not shot,
dialog: strangled or stabbed, either. Torn
dialog: limb from limb. There's talk of a
text: psychotic killer or even an animal.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: For heaven's sake, Greg, someone's
dialog: been killed. Look, it's Cuthbert.
dialog: Let's hear what really happened.
text: At this everyone falls silent and IAN CUTHBERT steps forward to
text: address the crowd. He appears drawn and grey.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: This has been a tragic and upsetting
dialog: morning. I have terrible news for us
dialog: all. A member of our security force
text: has been found murdered. The police
dialog: have just informed me it was Daniel
dialog: Beauregard.
dialog: (murmuring fills the room)
dialog: Quiet. Please. With the help of our
dialog: head of security, Mr. Ippolito... the
dialog: museum has been secured.
text: IPPOLITO... rises in the back and nods to the crowd... He's an imperious
text: looking, pompous man with shifty eyes. Right now he's defensive.
text: Overnight, his job is on the line...
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: The police are satisfied we're in no
dialog: danger, that we're all perfectly
dialog: safe. We've been asked to remain in
dialog: the Gem Room and be available for
text: questioning for the rest of the day.
dialog: Obviously, we will all do everything
dialog: we can to cooperate. Are there any
dialog: questions?
text: Ippolito raises a hand.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: The party for the opening of the
dialog: Superstition Exhibit... I imagine in
dialog: the light of what's happened it will
dialog: be pushed back.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: No action has been taken yet. The
dialog: opening of the exhibit is crucial to
dialog: the financial health of this museum.
dialog: So for now, we expect that the
dialog: Superstition Exhibit will open on
dialog: schedule, tomorrow night.
text: Ippolito registers surprise. The audience buzzes again.
scene_heading: INT. GEM ROOM - DAY
text: Margo, Dr. Frock and Greg Kawakita enter. The room is full of
text: spectacular displays of gemstones of every type. Greg drapes himself
text: over a grey sofa. Margo leans on a giant geode.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: That Cuthbert. What a piece of work.
dialog: Someone's dead and all he cares
dialog: about is his Superstition Exhibit.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Cuthbert's counting on the
text: exhibition's success. The museum is
dialog: in debt. Contributions and public
dialog: funding have dried up. Admissions no
text: longer cover overhead. The last big
dialog: infusion of cash we had was the King
dialog: Tut exhibit. Cuthbert was hired to
dialog: get us out of the red. If the
dialog: Superstition Exhibit isn't
dialog: lucrative, he'll have to start
text: auctioning off some of these gems.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: With all this bad publicity, it's no
dialog: wonder he looks like that.
text: They glance over and see Cuthbert in the corner. He appears ill, is
text: compulsively fingering his watch chain from which hangs a RABBIT'S
text: FOOT. Frock goes over to speak to him, followed by Margo and Greg.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Ian. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Beauregard. I can't believe it. I
dialog: may have been the last one to see
dialog: him alive. He was with me just
dialog: yesterday, when I got out the statue
dialog: of Mbwun.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Mbwun.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: (sensing more gossip)
dialog: What's that?
text: Margo frowns, suddenly uneasy. She and Dr. Frock exchange a look.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Warrior deity of the Kothoga, an
dialog: extinct South American tribe. Dr.
dialog: John Whittlesley led an expedition
dialog: that found the only known
text: representation of Mbwun. The statue
dialog: is said to carry a curse.
dialog: (she looks away, quiet)
dialog: Every member of Whittlesley's
dialog: expedition died.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: I got the relic out yesterday to put
text: on display. Beauregard was there.
text: The crates had been broken into and
text: the contents were strewn about. But
dialog: nothing was missing. It was
dialog: downright weird. We joked that it
dialog: was the curse of Mbwun. I'm not
text: laughing now.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Come, Ian. We all know you're
dialog: superstitious. But you're among
dialog: scientists here. We deal in facts.
dialog: That statue had nothing to do with
dialog: what happened to Beauregard.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: All I know is, everyone who has come
text: in contact with that relic, is dead.
scene_heading: INT. BUSINESS OFFICES - MUSEUM - DAY
text: D'Agosta has set up a temporary command post among the antique desks
text: and chairs. The room is on the ground floor with a view of the park.
text: Gawkers are outside looking in. D'Agosta pulls the blinds in their
dialog: faces.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: Get a life.
text: Pendergast is looking closely at one of the large paintings of birds
text: that line the walls.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: An original Roger Tory Peterson of a
dialog: Red-Breasted Merganser. Amazing. I
dialog: have a copy of this in my office at
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Can't really focus on birds at the
dialog: moment, Pendergast. I'm tryin' to
dialog: keep my breakfast down.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: In this violent world, I believe the
dialog: only way to stay sane is to take
dialog: time to notice beautiful things.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I drink. After hours of course. On
dialog: duty, I smoke.
text: (he pulls out a fat cigar)
dialog: Do you mind?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Not at all. I enjoy the smell of a
dialog: good cigar.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Then you won't like this one. It's a
dialog: piece of shit.
text: He bites off the end, spits it out on the floor.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Lieutenant --
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Call me Vince.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Did you read about a boat that
dialog: washed up outside of New Orleans
dialog: about four months ago? Twelve bodies
dialog: on board.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Who didn't? Big news. Out of Brazil,
dialog: wasn't it?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Yes. That's my case. Now it's yours.
text: All the corpses were badly mutilated
dialog: in a very particular way.
text: Decapitated. Brains extracted. Limbs
text: torn to shreds. It looked like the
text: work of a large animal, but there
text: was no sign of an animal on board.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: So the method of death is the only
dialog: connection?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: No. There's more. There were crates
dialog: from this museum in the hold of the
dialog: boat.
text: BAILEY enters, interrupts.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: Uh, Vince. Sorry. This won't wait.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: It better be good.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: There are a couple of kids who were
dialog: lost yesterday near the site of the
text: murder. Claimed they saw a monster.
dialog: They're pretty determined to tell
dialog: you their story. You want to see
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (rolls his eyes)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: If you don't mind, this could be
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Unfortunately, no.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM CLASSROOM - DAY
text: A modern classroom that has been taken over by the police for the
text: purpose of interrogation. Seated on small chairs at a plain table
dialog: are...
text: HENRY and LARRY, looking like two little boys with a story they are
text: desperate to share. Standing behind them is MRS. BEASLEY, starchier
text: than ever. D'Agosta takes a chair across from the boys, at their eye
text: level. By this time of day he looks pretty rumpled and tired.
text: Pendergast stands upright and unruffled in a doorway behind. This
text: isn't hard duty for D'Agosta. He's surprisingly genial and at ease
text: with kids. Larry kicks his sneaker against the table leg in
text: excitement. Henry tugs his t-shirt.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Hi. I'm Lieutenant D'Agosta. You can
dialog: call me Vince. This is Special Agent
dialog: Pendergast. You can call him...
dialog: (he looks to Pendergast, so formal)
dialog: Special Agent Pendergast.
speaker_heading: BEASLEY
dialog: This is Henry Weiss and Larry
dialog: Bowers.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: So... Tell us about this monster.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: We were lost and trying to find a
dialog: short cut to the dino--
text: Henry elbows him hard. Larry shuts up.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We were just lost, okay? And we went
text: down this curvy staircase. At the
text: bottom was a big shadow.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Big as a house.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Not that big.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Well almost. Depends which house. It
dialog: smelled like old hamburger, and it
dialog: made this weird noise.
text: Henry makes a low GROWL in his throat. D'Agosta suppresses a smile,
text: shoots Pendergast a look. But Pendergast watches the kids intently.
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: And it snuffled the ground like a
dialog: dog.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Like this.
text: He goes on hands and knees, sniffs the ground.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: It had a long tongue, teeth this big
text: and yellow eyes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: They were green eyes and they were
text: slit like a lizard's.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: They were yellow!
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You're color blind.
speaker_heading: BEASLEY
dialog: Boys, please!
dialog: (to D'Agosta)
dialog: These two get in a lot of mischief
dialog: and they tell some amazing whoppers.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I can see that.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: This isn't a whopper! It's the
dialog: truth.
text: Pendergast now moves forward, pulls up a chair as if deeply
dialog: interested.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: How did you get away?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We ran and screamed and stuff. And
dialog: we got through a little door just in
dialog: time. There was a guard there and he
dialog: went back to check.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: A guard? Do you remember his name?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: He was wearing one of those I.D.
dialog: badges. His name was Bo... something.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Beauregard?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - DAY
text: An ambulance pulls away, lights flashing. Pendergast and D'Agosta walk
text: to a squad car.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I've got to admit, that was a damn
dialog: sight better than "the dog ate my
dialog: homework".
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: How do you explain the part about
dialog: Beauregard?
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: They heard the victim's name and
dialog: wove him into their story. Nice
dialog: touch.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I believed them.
text: D'Agosta stops, stunned.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: You think what we've got here is a
dialog: monster as big as a house that
dialog: smells... like hamburger?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: No. I think what we've got here is a
text: psychotic killer wielding some kind
dialog: of unusual weapon... who wants us to
dialog: believe he's a monster.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (totally confused)
dialog: Oh.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK CITY MORGUE - EVENING
text: D'Agosta and Pendergast thread their way down a hall lined with bodies
text: on gurneys. It's dark and quiet. They go into the autopsy room.
scene_heading: INT. AUTOPSY ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: A large gurney, currently empty, sits like an uninvited guest under
text: the bright lights of the autopsy suite. Beside it is a tall, imposing
text: doctor in her late 50's, with intense eyes. This is DR. ZIEWZIC. With
text: her are the PHOTOGRAPHER seen passing out at the museum, and a young
text: intern, DOCTOR GROSS.
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
dialog: You're late, Vince.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Sorry Dr. Ziewzic. This is Special
dialog: Agent Pendergast. Pendergast, Dr.
dialog: Ziewzic. She runs the best chop shop
dialog: in New York.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: We've met. The Hacksaw Murders. '89.
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
dialog: Oh yes! Who could forget. Afterwards
dialog: you sent me that amazing case of
dialog: Chateau Lafitte.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I hope you liked it.
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
dialog: Lovely bouquet. After our last case,
dialog: Vince took me out for a draft beer.
dialog: As I recall we split the check.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (grumbles)
dialog: It's been one of those days.
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
dialog: (she snaps her rubber glove)
dialog: Shall we get down to it, then?
text: Dr. Gross wheels the gurney over to the morgue bank and slides open a
text: drawer. The shape under the plastic seems too small to be human. To
text: the side of it is a large bump, presumably the head. The two pieces of
text: cadaver are slid onto the gurney and wheeled under the lights. A
text: stainless steel bucket is placed under the gurney's outlet pipe. Dr.
text: Ziewzic fiddles with a microphone hanging above the body, she taps it
text: and it gives off the proper static.
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
dialog: (for the microphone)
dialog: This is Dr. Matilda Ziewzic,
text: assisted by Dr. Frederick Gross.
dialog: It's Oct. 28, six fifteen p.m. We
dialog: are joined by Lieutenant Vincent
text: D'Agosta of the NYPD, Special Agent
text: Pendergast of the FBI and a police
dialog: photographer. Let's see what we've
dialog: got.
text: They pull off the sheet and D'AGOSTA swallows hard, closes his eyes to
text: keep his stomach in check. The photographer goes green, but is
text: determined not to clutch this time. PENDERGAST leans closer, totally
text: impassive. He puts on a small pair of wire rim glasses, assumes an
text: expression much like a man reading a menu in a restaurant.
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
text: Caucasian male. Age about 27. Blond.
dialog: Height well I can't give a height
dialog: because Mr. Beauregard has been
text: decapitated. The state of the body
dialog: is such that other identifying marks
dialog: are out of the question. There are
text: numerous lacerations proceeding from
text: the left anterior pectoral downwards
text: through the sternum and terminating
text: in the abdomen. This is a massive
text: wound, two feet long and a foot
dialog: wide. The head has suffered severe
text: trauma and the occipital portion of
text: the calavarium has been crushed and
text: removed. It almost looks like...
speaker_heading: DR. GROSS
dialog: (beat)
text: A bite.
text: Ziewzic turns to Pendergast.
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
dialog: What are we talking about here?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Someone who makes the Hacksaw
dialog: Murderer look like Mother Teresa.
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
dialog: Right.
dialog: (back to work)
text: The entire brain appears to have
dialog: been extracted. May I see it,
dialog: please?
text: Gross passes over a grey, watery mass that sits in a stainless steel
text: pan. Ziewzic studies Beauregard's brain, or what's left of it...
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
text: Curious. There's something missing.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: The thalamus and the hypothalamus,
dialog: perhaps?
speaker_heading: DR. ZIEWZIC
dialog: (looks up, surprised)
text: Yes. Two organs the size of a walnut
dialog: have been removed with what looks
dialog: like surgical precision.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: What happened to them?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: If you don't mind a suggestion, you
dialog: might try a saliva test.
text: Ziewzic, Gross and D'Agosta look at Pendergast. The photographer is
text: staring at the wall, silently mouthing multiplication tables to keep
text: from woofing all over the place.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Saliva test? You mean, you think
dialog: someone ate part of the brain?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Correct.
text: A long moment of silence, then... Zwiezic uses a swab for the saliva
text: test, puts the result in a petrie dish.
speaker_heading: DR. ZWIEZIC
dialog: Okay. One saliva test. Now... let's
dialog: look at these lacerations. They
text: start wide and then converge.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Long fingernails? Scratches?
speaker_heading: DR. ZWIEZIC
dialog: Too extreme. Perhaps some kind of
dialog: weapon. I'm now probing the wound
dialog: and... there's a piece of foreign
text: material deep in the muscle, lodged
text: on a rib. Photograph.
text: The photographer gathers his courage, steps forward with D'Agosta and
text: Pendergast. Zwiezic rinses the object off in a beaker of sterile
text: water. It turns brownish red. She holds it up. They all stare in
text: astonished silence. D'Agosta swallows.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Sweet Jesus.
speaker_heading: DR. ZWIEZIC
dialog: It's a claw.
text: The photographer's flash goes off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT
text: A black and white heads uptown.
scene_heading: INT. COP CAR - NIGHT
text: Pendergast sits in silence. D'Agosta is visibly disturbed.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I don't like animals. Never have.
dialog: Dog bit me when I was little. After
dialog: that I gave up on pets. Animals are
dialog: irrational. Give me a psychotic
dialog: killer any day. If there's one thing
dialog: that makes me queasy it's being part
dialog: of a food chain. My first case as a
text: rookie, two brothers climbed a fence
dialog: at the zoo. It was late August. Over
text: ninety. The polar bear was inside
dialog: his cave. Kids didn't know he was in
text: there. All they saw was the pool.
dialog: They got to swimming and splashing.
text: The noise woke up the bear. By the
dialog: time I arrived, both little boys
dialog: were in pieces. The bear was
text: dragging one kid around by the foot.
dialog: I can still hear the mother
dialog: screaming --
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: This isn't an animal, Vince. I've
dialog: been on this case four months,
dialog: remember? I've learned a few things.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: You've been holding out on me
dialog: Pendergast. You have a suspect
dialog: capable of this?
text: Pendergast looks over, nods quietly.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Let me tell you about it, Vince.
scene_heading: EXT. NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM - DUSK
text: The yellow crime scene tape is torn and flapping in a light rain. Most
text: of the emergency vehicles have left. The police have released the
text: employees who are now headed home. We see Frock and Kawakita exit.
text: Cuthbert isn't far behind. Pendergast approaches them, headed back
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Excuse me. Has Dr. Green left?
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Before eight? You must be joking.
text: She's in the physical anthro lab
dialog: making up for lost time.
text: Pendergast nods his thanks.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM HALL OF THE GEMS - NIGHT
text: The gems glow in the darkness as Pendergast passes through the now
text: empty room.
scene_heading: INT. METEORITE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Pendergast's footfalls are lost in the carpet as he goes down the far
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Pendergast goes down a long, dark hall alone. He arrives at a door
text: marked PHYSICAL ANTHROPOLOGY LAB, enters.
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL ANTHROPOLOGY LAB - NIGHT
text: The skeletons throw odd shadows on the ceiling. Margo's computer
text: screen glows at the end of the room, casting the only light. But her
text: chair is empty. The room is quiet. Pendergast approaches slowly, looks
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Dr. Green?
text: No answer. Pendergast glances at the computer screen, sees graphs and
text: complicated notations. He scrolls down, leans closer. He can't figure
text: it out. He slides into Margo's chair, fascinated. Then...
speaker_heading: MARGO (OS)
dialog: You have a warrant to look at that?
text: Pendergast leaps up. Margo has appeared in the doorway behind him, a
text: cup of coffee in her hand.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
text: Special Agent Pendergast. FBI.
dialog: Forgive me. I guess I was snooping.
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: An invention of mine. It's a
dialog: computer program designed to
dialog: describe the characteristics of a
dialog: given species from a reading of its
dialog: DNA. I call it the Genetic Sequence
dialog: Extrapolator.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: How does it work?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: With a DNA analysis from a fossil
dialog: you can use this program to tell the
dialog: species and sex of the animal,
dialog: whether it was nocturnal, what it
dialog: ate, how it hunted, how big it
dialog: was...
dialog: (abrupt)
dialog: You aren't here for a lesson in DNA.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: No.
dialog: (a moment)
dialog: I came to talk about Dr. John
dialog: Whittlesley.
text: Margo turns to put down her coffee. She takes a moment to compose
text: herself. When she turns back, her voice is quiet.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Somehow, when all this happened... I
dialog: knew it would come back to John. Is
dialog: he really dead?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Maybe not.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: If he were alive he'd have contacted
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: You have time to talk?
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM HALLS - NIGHT
text: Pendergast and Margo walk together though various exhibits and halls.
text: They pass dioramas of ferocious wild animals that have been tamed and
text: stuffed behind glass.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Dr. Whittlesley was last seen in
dialog: Belem, Venezuela a week after the
dialog: rest of his expedition disappeared.
dialog: A taxi driver drove him to the
dialog: harbor where he boarded a cargo
dialog: boat. That boat washed up in my
dialog: district. Everyone on board was
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: And John?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
text: Disappeared. His body wasn't among
dialog: the victims.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: The people killed were mauled and
dialog: their brains were eaten. Just like
dialog: Beauregard. One part of the brain
dialog: was extracted with surgical
text: precision. The hypothalamus and
dialog: thalamus to be exact.
text: Margo pales.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: John couldn't have anything to do
dialog: with a horrible thing like that. He
dialog: was a fine man despite his
dialog: problems --
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: You loved him.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: (a moment, taken aback)
dialog: Yes. Once. We met at Columbia. John
dialog: held the Cadwalader Chair in
dialog: Statistical Paleontology when I was
text: a grad student there.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: You were going to be married.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: How did you know that?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I ran an internet search on Dr.
dialog: Whittlesley. Got a list of his
dialog: scholarly articles and the
dialog: engagement announcement in the
dialog: Times. I also found a record of your
dialog: restraining order.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: That was two years ago. John was
dialog: still in love with me.
dialog: (she looks down)
dialog: He wouldn't leave me alone.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: You were afraid of him, weren't you?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: He was afraid of himself. He tried
dialog: suicide once. He was ill. Manic
dialog: depressive. He had wild emotional
text: highs and lows. Not a happy
dialog: affliction for a scientist. He'd
dialog: been revered in our community. By
dialog: the end he was a joke.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Tell me about the last expedition.
dialog: What was he looking for?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: A legendary monster called Mbwun.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: A monster?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Yes. He developed his own theory
dialog: that he called the Calisto Effect.
dialog: It held that evolution wasn't always
dialog: gradual or driven by natural
dialog: selection. The environment would
dialog: sometimes cause sudden and grotesque
dialog: changes which could result in a
dialog: "monster species". It made no sense.
dialog: But he felt he had evidence that
dialog: Mbwun was such a monster, living in
dialog: isolation on the tepui for thousands
dialog: of years.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No one knows. The Kothoga who live
text: on the tepui are cannibals.
text: Margo's voice catches again. Pendergast reaches for his handkerchief
text: but she shakes her head, determined to keep control.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No. I'm all right. I won't let this
dialog: affect me anymore. John wouldn't get
dialog: help. His ego endangered the lives
dialog: of others. His theory came first.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: What if Whittlesley arrived on the
dialog: tepui and no monster was there? Was
dialog: he desperate enough to create one?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Something came up in autopsy
dialog: tonight. Imbedded in Beauregard's
dialog: body we found a claw.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: My God. Then it was an animal.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I don't think so. I think we were
dialog: meant to think it was Mbwun. Did
dialog: Whittlesley's monster have claws?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I don't know. He sent back a statue
dialog: that's supposed to be an exact
dialog: representation. But I've never seen
text: it. It's in the exhibit.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Would you mind showing it to me?
scene_heading: INT. SUPERSTITION EXHIBIT - NIGHT
text: This exhibit is unlike anything we've seen in the museum. Horrifying
text: artifacts under single spots appear to float in a velvet blackness.
text: Patterns of light and shadow play over skeletons and voodoo dolls.
text: There are tombs, a torture chamber, and endlessly curving, maze-like,
dialog: winding halls.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Where would we find it?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I'm not sure. We should split up.
dialog: You take that hall and I'll take
dialog: this one.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: All right. I'm as macho as you are.
dialog: Perhaps.
text: Without further discussion, Margo takes the right fork leaving
text: Pendergast behind.
text: ON MARGO...
text: As she finds herself alone. The silence is intense. She heads slowly
text: into another long, dark, tunnel passing a set of Maori tattooed heads.
text: The eyes are stuffed with fibers, the shriveled lips are drawn back
text: from rotting teeth. Margo passes without a look.
speaker_heading: ON PENDERGAST
text: In another part of the exhibit, he nears a Mayan tomb. A skeleton in
text: the center wears a headdress and tribal robes. Gold rings encircle
text: bony fingers. Pendergast takes a moment to appreciate it, heads into
text: the next hall.
speaker_heading: ON MARGO
text: getting farther from pendergast, and ever deeper into the gloom. The
text: walls around her are lined with symbols of witchcraft. There are
text: shaman dancers, masks covered in grasses and shells. From the New
text: Guinea coast there is Kokpah, God of a secret male society, and Zoe-
text: ba, an awesome mannequin in black costume with an angry pointed mask.
text: Finally the walls open up into another gallery. Beyond it is more of
text: the shadowy hall. Margo stops and for the first time she wavers. This
text: gallery is the most frightening yet. It features images of THE DEVIL
dialog: from different cultures around the world.
text: In the dim light, Margo is dwarfed by abhorrent statues of SATAN,
text: TORNARSUK (the Eskimo evil spirit), INCUBI from India, Tibet, New
text: Guinea etc. And there in the center of the gallery sitting on an altar
text: and lit by a spot, is a small figurine. Margo is instantly drawn to
text: it. As she gets close enough she sees the label in Gothic letters.
speaker_heading: MBWUN
dialog: Savage God of the Kothoga, also
dialog: known as "HE WHO WALKS ON ALL
speaker_heading: FOURS".
text: The statue is terrifyingly life-like. Margo stares at The Beast. Mbwun
text: is covered in scales and stiff hair, with glittering green eyes and
text: crude, reptilian features. The figure is hunched over in a threatening
text: crouch. It's long forearms trail to the ground ending in THREE LARGE
speaker_heading: CLAWS!
text: ON MARGO... she starts, then remembers Pendergast.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Mr. Pendergast! I found it.
text: No answer. She turns, tries again, louder.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Pendergast! Over here --
text: Her voice catches as she stops and sniffs the air. A STENCH rolls over
text: her. She covers her face, backs up, holding her breath.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What the...
text: She steps directly into a nasty statue of the Tibetan lord of the
text: Dead. Margo starts, steadies the statue. The room is silent once more.
text: But then, unmistakably... she hears it. An odd rustling sound. Slow.
text: Deliberate. Maddeningly soft on the thick carpet. And another wave of
text: THE SMELL. Margo looks in the direction she came, down the long dark
text: hall. Her voice comes out a bit frightened as she calls...
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Pendergast?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Who's there?
text: But now she freezes. At last she's truly scared. A shadow, black
text: against black, is gliding stealthily towards her, moving over the
text: display cases and grinning artifacts!
text: Margo stands stock still, her eyes on the shadow. She lets out a small
text: gasp of shock. She can't believe her eyes. It defies reason. Slowly,
text: she backs up. She slips quietly through the exhibit and out the other
text: side. In the next room she pauses again, listens... now hearing a
text: distinctly animal, SNUFFLING SOUND!
text: Something large is TRACKING HER! There's no doubt.
text: Overcome by a blind panic, Margo turns and runs. She passes through a
text: display on mythical creatures, disappears down another winding dark
dialog: hall.
text: Behind her comes...
text: THE POUNDING OF SOMETHING IN A HEAVY, LOPING RUN! Whatever it is, it's
text: charging after her! She turns another corner. And another, tearing as
text: fast as she can! But now the walls up ahead are narrowing, leading to
dialog: ... a DEAD END!
text: Margo slams up against a locked door with a window of glass. The hall
text: features displays of terrifying totem poles. All around the ghoulish
text: carved faces seem to leap out! She pounds on the door but it's
text: useless. She's trapped. And the thing is coming behind her! It's just
text: around the last bend when it stops! Silence again envelops her. She's
text: afraid to turn. She can hear HEAVY BREATHING, and something like a low
text: growl! Reflected in the glass of the door in front of her is the long
text: dark hall. Margo starts as a face appears IN THE REFLECTION...
text: The image is wavering and unclear. It's a large, hulking form behind
text: her! TWO GLOWING SLIT GREEN EYES in the dark! Margo SCREAMS as the
text: thing leaps forward, hitting one of the totem poles. Margo sinks to
text: the ground, unconscious. At last we hear Pendergast calling as
text: darkness falls.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Dr. Green! Dr. Green!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUPERSTITION EXHIBIT - NIGHT
text: ON MARGO... lying on the carpet. There's a large, nasty bump on her
text: forehead. The totem pole is on the floor beside her. Leaning over her
text: is PENDERGAST. Margo starts to sit up. Pendergast gently restrains
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I heard you calling and I ran after
dialog: you, but you kept disappearing and I
dialog: couldn't keep up.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: (she touches her forehead)
dialog: You were behind me? Running after
dialog: me?
text: Pendergast nods. As Margo rises he tries to help her but she waves him
text: off, collecting her thoughts.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: It's okay, I'm all right. I remember
dialog: now... It was an animal. Something
dialog: large! I could smell it. It was
dialog: hunting me. I saw two green eyes in
dialog: the dark.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Where did you see it?
speaker_heading: MARGO
text: Behind me. Over there.
text: Margo turns and points behind her to...
text: A large NORTHWEST COAST INDIAN MASK. It's carved out of wood in a
text: horrible grimace, inset with two glowing green eyes. Pendergast sees
text: it too, says nothing.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: That's not what I saw.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: All right. If you're positive.
text: She leans against the wall, touches her forehead, panic overcoming her
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MARGO (CON'T)
dialog: I can't think straight at the
dialog: moment. I know how crazy this seems.
dialog: Please, Mr. Pendergast, I need some
dialog: fresh air. Could you get me out of
dialog: here?
scene_heading: EXT. ROTUNDA FRONT ENTRY - EXHIBIT - NIGHT
text: THREE COPS including MCNITT, RODRIGUEZ and ROGERS prepare to enter the
text: exhibit. All are armed. Margo watches as Pendergast gives them
text: instruction. She appears rattled and confused.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Stay in formation together. Take it
dialog: room by room. Check for footprints,
dialog: any signs of disturbance. If you see
dialog: or hear anything the least bit
dialog: suspicious, I want to know.
text: He points to DOYLE, an older red-haired cop who takes up a post
text: outside the exhibit. Pendergast hands Doyle his walkie talkie.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Bailey's going to be in the guard
text: house outside. Officer Van Dorn is
text: right down that hall. When McNitt's
dialog: done, he'll relieve you.
text: Doyle nods. Pendergast and Margo walk out.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Margo and Pendergast exit. The cold air is like a slap in the face.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Dr. Green...
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I didn't imagine it. I know what I
dialog: saw. Are you sure there are enough
dialog: men in there?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
text: They're all heavily armed.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: (stops)
dialog: All right. This is hard for me. I'm
dialog: a scientist. I like order and logic.
dialog: Sometimes too much. There's got to
dialog: be an explanation. There can't be an
dialog: animal in there. But I saw
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: What was it?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (she has a thought)
dialog: Mr. Pendergast. Do me a favor. Get
dialog: me a DNA readout on that claw.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: All is quiet.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM FRONT - EXHIBIT FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: The doors to the exhibit are closed. Doyle looks at his watch,
text: impatient. It's almost eleven now. He pulls out his walkie talkie.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Bailey? Doyle here. I'm still
text: waiting outside the exhibit. Where
dialog: the hell is McNitt?
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: Should be there any minute. They
text: came out a side door a while ago.
dialog: Said the exhibit's clear. McNitt's
dialog: headed back to spell you.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I'm on double over-time, man.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: I know. You can go home if you want
dialog: to. I'll come relieve you myself.
text: Doyle shuts off his walkie talkie, frowns. He fidgets, looks at his
dialog: watch once more.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What the hell.
text: He turns, takes off the walkie talkie and leaves it, but then he hears
text: something, stops. It's a low SCUFFLING from inside the exhibit, coming
text: from behind the closed doors. Doyle freezes, turns.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: McNitt?
text: No answer. Doyle pauses. His hand goes to his gun for reassurance as
text: he hears a footstep and a muffled thump. He moves to the door of the
text: exhibit, opens it and takes a step inside.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: McNitt? Cut the crap. I know it's
dialog: you. You're not scaring me. Come on.
text: Silence meets him. The shadows of the exhibit loom. Doyle takes one
text: more step inside, scanning the darkness with his gun. Does he hear
text: BREATHING? He freezes. Yes, he does. The hair on his neck rises and he
text: loses the spit in his mouth. He takes a step backwards, but he's half
text: a second too late. The door SLAMS BEHIND HIM and a HUGE DARK FORM
speaker_heading: LEAPS OUT!
scene_heading: INT. EXHIBIT ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Officer MCNITT enters from a side corridor, zipping up his fly. The
text: hall is still. McNitt checks his watch, sees Doyle's walkie talkie and
dialog: turns it on.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: McNitt here. I'm outside the
dialog: exhibit. All's quiet. But I don't
dialog: see Doyle.
speaker_heading: BAILEY (OS)
dialog: He called a minute ago looking for
dialog: you. He starts vacation tomorrow and
dialog: he wanted out. I said you were on
dialog: the way. He could split.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: Well he's gone.
speaker_heading: BAILEY (OS)
dialog: Any sign of a green-eyed monster?
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Nope.
text: McNitt shuts off the walkie talkie, settles at his post.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERSTITION EXHIBIT - NIGHT
text: In the blackness a large shape is MOVING QUIETLY, dragging it's prey
text: across the floor. We move in on the lifeless form of DOYLE. His face
text: is rigid with terror, his eyes frozen, open wide. The last thing we
text: hear as the hulking form heads back into the darkness, is the SNAPPING
text: of Doyle's skull.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - DAY
text: Signs announce that the Superstition Exhibit opens tonight. The museum
text: is back in business, but not many people are going in. A crowd lingers
text: at the margins, pointing at the building. Several hold a copy of the
text: POST with a graphic photo of the bloody floor by the circular stair.
scene_heading: INT. CUTHBERT'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Cuthbert stands by the window of his palatial office, looking out at
text: the scene below. His face is pinched with worry. Slumped in a chair is
text: Lieutenant D'Agosta. Pendergast surveys some paintings on the wall.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I had no idea the Museum had a
dialog: complete collection of Piranesi's
dialog: Forum sketches.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: If you like them, they're for sale.
dialog: Another day like yesterday and half
dialog: the collection will be on the block.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I've read about the Museum's
dialog: financial troubles.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: We've been operating in the red for
dialog: years. That was the whole idea
text: behind the Superstition Exhibit. It
dialog: was designed to pull people in.
dialog: We've spent every penny we have on
dialog: advance publicity, betting
text: everything on the opening's success.
dialog: If we postpone at the last minute...
dialog: No. I don't want to think about
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (chews on his toothpick, mild)
dialog: We all love the museum. I come here
dialog: myself with my kids. We're trying to
dialog: work with you.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: I appreciate that.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: If the party goes forward, and
dialog: that's a big if... I've arranged for
text: a large police presence.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Do they have to wear uniforms?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: I don't want to scare people.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I understand. But Mr. Cuthbert,
dialog: we've got bigger problems. Depending
dialog: on what we find today, we may have
dialog: to shut you down.
text: Cuthbert looks grim.
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL ANTHROPOLOGY LAB - DAY
text: D'Agosta examines the huge centrifuges, autoclaves, electrophoresis
text: apparati, monitors, computers etc. as Margo and Greg Kawakita look at
dialog: the claw.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: What do you make of it, Margo?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: It's not mammalian, that's for sure.
dialog: I think it's reptilian.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: That would jive with what we got
text: from the preliminary DNA read-out.
dialog: Here, have a look.
text: He hands them a computer read-out. Margo checks it quickly as Kawakita
text: looks on.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: According to this, twenty-five
dialog: percent of the claw DNA is
text: unidentifiable, about a third is
dialog: homo sapien, and the rest is
dialog: Hemidactylus Turcicus.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (looks over)
dialog: What's that?
text: Margo pulls off her glasses.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Turkish Gecko, I believe. A lizard.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Lizard DNA and human DNA on the same
dialog: strand? Impossible. The sample must
dialog: be contaminated.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: There's another possibility. A lot
dialog: of repeated base pairs could suggest
dialog: a high level of genetic damage.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Genetic damage?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: When DNA is defective, it often
text: uncontrollably replicates long
dialog: repeating sequences of the same base
dialog: pair. Viruses can damage DNA. So can
dialog: radiation, certain chemicals. Even
dialog: cancer. Let's let the G.S.E. sort it
dialog: out. I have to get started. This
dialog: will take several hours.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: We need someone to take us to the
dialog: secure storage area.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Try Dr. Frock. He's the curator of
dialog: Plant Biology. All the curators
dialog: have keys. And he knows every inch
dialog: of this museum. The rest of us still
dialog: get lost.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM HALLWAY AREA - DAY
text: Pendergast, D'Agosta and Dr. Frock get off are in an older, plain
text: corridor with a long row of locked heavy steel doors. The doors are
text: numbered up to eight, then the corridor turns.
text: As the three go forward, the creaking of the wheelchair echoes faintly
text: in the hall.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Thank you for taking the time to
dialog: help us with this, Dr. Frock.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Happy to be useful. It's rare enough
dialog: these days. According to security,
dialog: Beauregard put the Whittlesley
text: crates in storage area 1012.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: How many storage areas are there?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: They fill seven floors. We have the
dialog: largest collection of mammals and
dialog: dinosaurs in the world. Just to give
dialog: you an idea, there are more than
dialog: three million insects specimens. Not
dialog: to mention amphibians, reptiles,
dialog: birds, anthropological artifacts,
dialog: meteorites, minerals and gems. Only
dialog: about five percent of the museum
text: collection is actually on display.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
text: This place is a maze.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: I'm one of the few who know every
dialog: inch it, now that John is gone.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: (looks over)
dialog: Do you mean Dr. Whittlesley?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Yes. John made quite a study of the
dialog: whole museum. He had a copy of my
dialog: original plans.
text: Frock heads through a double door that leads to a FREIGHT ELEVATOR
text: that's as big as a small room. The operator, KARL has it decorated
text: with a table, chair, and PICTURES.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Osteo prep, Karl.
text: The doors creak closed. They are now inside...
scene_heading: INT. FREIGHT ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Headed down. D'Agosta chews on a toothpick, stares at Karl's home-made
text: picture show. The photos have all been cut from nature magazines. They
text: are of ANIMALS MATING in extreme positions and undreamed of ways.
text: D'Agosta turns to Pendergast, dead pan.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: My kind of art.
text: Karl, who is sixty and wears a red toupee, leers.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: They keep me company. Gets kinda
dialog: lonely sometimes.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: My favorite is the two camels.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Really? I'm partial to the skunks.
text: Finally the doors open and they exit to a hail, enter another set of
text: doors. Now they are in
scene_heading: INT. OSTEOLOGICAL PREPARATION AREA - DAY
text: It looks more like a bizarre industrial kitchen than anything else.
text: Deep stainless steel tanks line one wall. On the ceiling near the
text: tanks hang massive pulleys and grappling hooks for the larger
text: carcasses. In a far corner of the workshop is a stainless-steel gurney
text: bearing a DEAD GORILLA. A pink faced eighty year old man is working on
text: the carcass with sharp tools. This is DON OSTERBAAN.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Did you ever wonder where we get all
dialog: our skeletons? This is the
dialog: laboratory where animal carcasses
text: are reduced to bones.
dialog: (to Osterbaan)
dialog: What's cooking today, Don?
speaker_heading: DON
dialog: Zebra.
text: Frock looks into a large maceration tank with Pendergast and D'Agosta.
text: A zebra carcass can be seen under the muddy surface, its flesh and
text: soft tissues falling off.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Man, that's ripe.
text: Frock now opens the door on a humid closet adjacent to the main room.
text: Inside on a stainless steel table lies the corpse of a fox. It's
text: crawling with BLACK BEETLES which are devouring it. D'Agosta and
text: Pendergast watch the grizzly scene, properly impressed.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Dermestid beetles. The second method
dialog: of preparing a skeleton, used in
dialog: Natural History Museums world wide.
text: Bugs are clean and highly efficient.
dialog: They'll polish that fox off in no
dialog: time.
text: As Don casually peels back the gorilla's whole face exposing the
dialog: skull...
speaker_heading: OSTERBAAN
dialog: Want to have a look at a gorilla
dialog: brain? Got one right here.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Thanks Don. We're in a hurry. Some
dialog: other time.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: More rows of stainless steel doors under hissing steam pipes. The
text: light is dim here, and several bulbs are burned out. But the numbers
text: on the storage rooms are much higher now. The three men come out of
text: the darkness. Frock rounds a last corner and wheels to a stop.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: This should be it. Can you read the
dialog: number?
text: Pendergast reaches up above them and TAPS THE LIGHT BULB. It comes on
text: and they all see the heavy steel door of the storage area. D'Agosta's
text: jaw drops and his toothpick falls out. The door has been scored from
text: top to bottom by long, vicious, CLAWS!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Holy shit.
text: Frock stares in amazement, shaken. He runs a finger down the deep
text: ruts.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Something tried to get into this
dialog: room!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: And failed. These doors are solid
dialog: steel.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: This means there must be an animal
dialog: loose in the museum!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I wouldn't be so sure.
text: Pendergast takes Frock's keys and opens the door. It swings wide on
text: oiled hinges. D'Agosta turns on a light.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM - NIGHT
text: They all enter. Nothing has been disturbed. The crates sit in the
text: middle of the small room, untouched. Pendergast kneels by the only one
dialog: that's been opened.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: This must be the one that held the
dialog: statue. Let's see what else is
dialog: inside.
text: Pendergast removes the lid and hands it to D'Agosta, pulls out a BLOW
text: DART GUN, SEED PODS, a CARVED STONE. D'Agosta takes the lid and turns
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
text: The lid of this crate is scratched
text: with claw marks, just like the door.
text: As D'Agosta studies the lid, a brittle, water damaged envelope slips
text: out. D'Agosta picks it up. The envelope bears an imprint of TWO
text: ARROWS, one silver overlaid with another of GOLD.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Look. It's some kind of letter.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: (excited)
dialog: May I see that?
text: D'Agosta hands the letter to Frock.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: It's from John. Those two arrows
dialog: were his insignia. It's addressed to
dialog: Louis Moriarty, a patron who
dialog: financed his expeditions.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Read it out loud.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: "Dear Louis,
dialog: Tomorrow we go to the south
dialog: end of the tepui where we'll be in
dialog: the greatest danger, so I'm sending
dialog: Carlos back with the crates. You
dialog: always believed in me, Louis, even
dialog: in the darkest days. So it gives me
dialog: great pleasure to tell you your
dialog: faith has been rewarded. We've made
dialog: an incredible find. I enclose a
dialog: representation of Mbwun. Note the
text: exaggerated claws, the reptilian
text: attributes, the hints of bipedalia.
dialog: It's beyond belief, but this statue
dialog: is accurate. I know because I've
dialog: seen the beast."
text: Frock stops, looks up at D'Agosta and Pendergast. His face flushes
dialog: with the thrill.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Did you hear that? My God. He says
dialog: that Mbwun is real!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: Pardon my French, but bull shit.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: This on top of the scratches... isn't
dialog: it proof!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I think the scratches were put there
dialog: to scare us. Perhaps even lead us to
dialog: this note.
text: Pendergast looks out to the dark corridors.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: You said John Whittlesley made a
dialog: study of your blueprints of the
dialog: museum.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Are there any hidden rooms or
dialog: staircases? Places where someone
dialog: could hide?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Not really. Just the sub-basement.
text: D'Agosta and Pendergast exchange a look.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Where is that?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: I don't know. It was walled over. No
dialog: one's been down there in years.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: You said you had plans of the
dialog: museum. Could we see them, please?
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM SIDE DOOR - DAY
text: A series of boxes labeled "PROFESSOR FROCK" sit on the loading dock. A
text: small moving van, partially loaded with the contents of Frock's
text: office, sits waiting. Frock delves through one of the boxes while
text: Pendergast and D'Agosta look on.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: I know they're here somewhere. It's
dialog: a good thing we caught the movers in
dialog: time. They're nineteen century
dialog: blueprints from when the museum was
dialog: built. I remember the sub-basement
dialog: was below the regular basement,
dialog: linked to the city sewer. I only
dialog: know about it because it flooded all
dialog: the way up to the museum during the
dialog: hurricane of '49. I lost so many
dialog: precious books.
text: Frock continues to unload boxes, scattering things right and left.
text: It's the most amazing assortment of paraphernalia. A collection of
text: wildflowers, soil samples, a stuffed owl. Finally he pulls out some
text: very old blueprints and flashes a triumphant smile.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Eureka. Who says it doesn't pay to
dialog: be a pack rat? Now please be careful
dialog: with these. When you're done, I'd
dialog: like them back.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE AFRICAN MAMMALS - DAY
text: Visitors scatter as Pendergast enters with D'Agosta, TWO DEPUTIES, a
text: dog handler, JONATHAN HAMM and Jonathan's pair of HUGE BLOODHOUNDS.
text: The deputies are armed with large shotguns. Pendergast scans the
text: blueprints as they walk.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: How big is the sub-basement?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Apparently it's huge.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I think I should come with you.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: We haven't got time. You have to
dialog: meet with museum security so we can
dialog: make a decision about tonight.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - STAIRCASE - DAY
text: Pendergast, Jonathan, his dogs and the deputies make their way down an
text: industrial set of stairs into the basement.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - DAY
text: In a moment they arrive at the site of Beauregard's murder. The area
text: at the bottom of the spiral stairway is still littered with chalk,
text: crime tape, spray paint and the remains of scores of people tramping
dialog: in and out.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: These plans indicate there's a
text: walled over entrance to the sub-
dialog: basement right around here.
text: They move carefully down the dark corridor which we remember from the
dialog: time we last saw it with Henry and Larry. Unknown to Jonathan or
text: Pendergast, the dogs are walking directly towards the spot where the
dialog: boys faced the monster.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
text: The dogs are picking up something,
dialog: Mr. Pendergast.
text: The dogs start barking in animation, sniffing the wall. Pendergast
text: studies the blueprints with a flashlight, moves to the spot. There's
text: nothing to be seen. He shines his flashlight over the water-stained,
text: uneven stucco between two steel beams. The dogs sniff furiously at the
text: point where the wall meets the floor. Pendergast moves his fingers to
text: the joint between the stucco and the beam, shoves hard. The wall
dialog: pushes back. It's a door!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - SUB-BASEMENT - DAY
text: They enter a dank stairwell with brick stairs. Water drips on the
dialog: walls.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY ONE
dialog: What is this? A dungeon?
text: Jonathan looks uneasy, double wraps the dogs' leashes around his
text: black-gloved hands. The two deputies remove their 12 gauges from their
text: shoulders. Then they all follow the animals, descend down the inky
dialog: stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COMMAND CENTER - MUSEUM - DAY
text: The place looks like the control room of a nuclear power plant. Two
text: SECURITY GUARDS monitor a battery of closed-circuit screens. D'Agosta
text: is now accompanied by the pompous head of security, IPPOLITO. Clearly
text: Ippolito feels D'Agosta is pissing on his territory and he's trying to
dialog: assert control.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: This huge police presence tonight
dialog: isn't necessary, Lieutenant. You'll
dialog: just scare people off. I can handle
dialog: the security behind scenes with this
dialog: system. It's state of the art.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: The cops are non-negotiable,
dialog: Ippolito. Why don't you just tell me
dialog: how this space station works.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: It's fool proof, basically. I
dialog: designed this whole thing myself.
dialog: Every valuable object in the Museum
text: carries a small electronic chip. If
dialog: anything's moved so much as an inch,
text: we get an alarm pinpointing the
dialog: exact location of the attempted
dialog: theft.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: That's great if you're stopping a
dialog: burglar. Not our goal here. Are
dialog: there motion detectors?
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
text: In every exhibition room. The
text: museum's divided into five cells.
dialog: The reception and exhibit are in
dialog: cell five. We could arm the motion
text: detectors in cells one to four, then
dialog: seal the perimeter with our fire
dialog: doors.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: That would leave one exit for
dialog: hundreds of people. You'd be
dialog: violating every fire regulation on
dialog: the books. We'll guard the perimeter
dialog: with my men and engage the motion
text: detectors in the other cells. One
dialog: more question. I see a big hole. If
dialog: this entire thing is run by
dialog: computer, what happens if the power
dialog: fails?
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: You don't know much about computers,
dialog: Lieutenant. There are safeguards
dialog: built in. We have back-up systems
dialog: with redundancies. There's no way
dialog: these computers can fail.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL ANTHRO LAB - DAY
text: Margo, Kawakita and Frock are studying the contents of the crate.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: I can't help thinking there's
dialog: something that Pendergast
dialog: overlooked. If the scratches were
dialog: made by whatever killed Beauregard,
dialog: it wants something that's in here.
speaker_heading: MARGO
text: A blow dart. Seed pods. A plant
text: press. Pretty unimpressive stuff.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Let me see the plant press.
text: Frock opens the plant press and sees a specimen inside.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: I'm not sure. As you know, the
dialog: Kothoga lived outside civilization
dialog: on the tepui for thousands of years.
dialog: Species flourished in isolation when
dialog: man and pollution rendered them
dialog: extinct. This could be one of the
dialog: last remaining samples of an unknown
dialog: plant.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Whatever it is, it must be common on
dialog: the tepui. John used it as packing
dialog: material.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: You're right.
text: Kawakita lifts out a bit of the fibers, as does Frock.
speaker_heading: FROCK
text: They're curiously fleshy.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: And they smell delicious.
text: Kawakita TAKES a NIBBLE.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Taste great.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: I wouldn't put that in your mouth
dialog: until we do a chemical analysis,
dialog: Greg.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: I can handle that for you while
dialog: we're waiting on the G.S.E.
text: Kawakita rises and exits with some of the plant.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What about those seed pods? Are they
dialog: from the same plant?
text: Frock takes a moment to study them, looks up.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Margo, these aren't seed pods.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What are they?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: They're eggs.
scene_heading: INT. SUB-BASEMENT - DAY
text: Black as night. The only light comes from the men's flashlights.
text: They're at a crossroads. Crooked corridors, with arched ceilings
text: barely the height of a man stretch in several directions. Jonathan is
text: crouched down, resting with the panting dogs. The deputies are having
text: a smoke. They all look both uneasy and exhausted except for
text: Pendergast. He stares at the blueprints.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Hard to read in this light. The ink
dialog: is so faded.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: The dogs have lost the scent, Mr.
dialog: Pendergast. Maybe we should head
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Not yet. Let's try the fork to the
dialog: left.
text: The men reluctantly shoulder their shotguns and push on. The hounds
text: walk ahead, carelessly nosing the ground. The flashlight beams
text: illuminate lime-encrusted, cave-like walls.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY TWO
dialog: This place gives me the creeps.
text: At this the dogs begin to WHINE. The HAIR on their backs rises in a
text: ridge. Pendergast turns as a BREEZE stirs his clothes.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: They've got something.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Keep the light up. I can't see.
text: The dogs strain and pull forward, sniffing the air ahead. The deputies
text: raise up their shotguns as they all move deeper into the darkness. The
text: flashlight beams streak crazily in all directions, barely penetrating
text: the gloom. Suddenly the dogs break into a terrifying BAYING which
text: bounces off the walls.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Shut them up!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Heel Argo! Hobbes! Heel!
text: The dogs drag Jonathan forward, paying no attention, foaming at the
text: mouth. Jonathan is now frightened.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: They're going crazy! I need help!
text: Too late. As Jonathan tries to grab the collars, one of the dogs LEAPS
text: forward, and the leash slips through Jonathan's hands.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: He's loose! Argo!
text: Argo BOLTS into the darkness. The men start after the dog, following
text: the frantic barking which echoes farther and farther in the distance.
text: Pendergast is in the lead. Suddenly he throws out his arms, halts.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Stop!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Holy mother, what is that?
text: A goatish odor envelops them all.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY ONE
dialog: Smells God-awful. Like rotten meat.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Argo! Come!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Quiet!
text: A SCUFFLING sound of claws dragging on brick is heard followed by a
text: ROAR. The men all freeze. The other dog leaps and twists with
text: excitement. In the confusion it also breaks free! It tears after the
text: first dog, disappearing into the darkness. Now Jonathan is wild-eyed.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: No! Hobbes!
text: The deputies are terrified, retreat. The darkness is stifling,
text: claustrophobic. The flashlights are small help. Pendergast alone
text: remains dead calm. His voice is cool and commanding.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Forget the dogs. You two, get back
dialog: here. Don't point that gun at me.
text: The deputies regain control and follow Pendergast's orders. They fall
text: into position, pump their shotguns and aim them down the hall. In the
text: echoing darkness ahead of them, the barking falters and stops.
text: There is a moment of silence, then a terrible, unearthly SHRIEK. The
text: deputies quail, frozen in their tracks. Jonathan leaps forward.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Argo! Hobbes!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Get back! Now!
text: At that moment a SHAPE hurtles at them from the darkness! The men YELL
text: in terror. There are two stunning BLASTS from the shotguns, two
text: FLASHES of light accompanied by a deafening roar. The rumble echoes
text: and dies and there's an intense silence, followed by a sob.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You shot my dog!
text: Hobbes lies five feet from them, a black shadow of death. Jonathan
text: kneels by the dog, tears in his eyes. Down the animals side is a GASH.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: My dog...
speaker_heading: DEPUTY ONE
dialog: (stammers)
dialog: He was coming right at me...
text: In the distance they can hear a terrified howl. It's the second dog,
text: hurt or frightened. It's a pitiful sound.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY TWO
dialog: Let's get out of here!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I'm not going anywhere! Not without
dialog: my dog!
text: Pendergast grabs at Jonathan who slips from his grasp. Jonathan inches
text: back down the hallway calling desperately.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hobbes!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY ONE
dialog: Get back!
text: Jonathan shakes his head no.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: There's something out there! Let's
dialog: go get it now! That's why we came
dialog: down here, isn't it?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: (to the deputies)
dialog: He's right. Follow me.
text: But the two deputies are terrified. They cling to the wall, inching
text: backwards, sheer horror in their eyes.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY ONE
dialog: No way. I say we get help. A lot
dialog: more guns.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I'm ordering you! Cover me!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY TWO
dialog: We'll cover you from here!
text: Jonathan is disappearing in front of them. Pendergast has no choice.
text: Grim faced, he pulls his Colt .45 Anaconda from a shoulder harness.
text: It's a narrow and evil-looking gun. From a pocket comes a handful of
text: 255 grain wadcutter and 147 grain FMJ flatnose ammunition. He loads
text: up, goes after Jonathan, who's no longer in sight. Pendergast passes
text: down a long, sloping hallway into cavernous blackness ahead. At the
text: bottom Pendergast stops. He has to stoop down as he goes through an
text: archway and into...
text: A VAST ARCHING ROOM...
text: A dark stream of water runs between concrete walls with tunnels going
text: off from all sides. It appears to be part of the sewer system. The dog
text: cowers in a corner. Jonathan moves to his side.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Look. It's Hobbes! He's all right.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Come on. Let's get back to the
dialog: others. We can't leave them alone.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: It's alright. I can tell by the way
dialog: the dog's acting that whatever was
dialog: out there is gone. What is this
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Not on the map. Looks like it
text: connects with the city sewer.
text: Pendergast calls back down the tunnel for the deputies.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: We're coming back!
text: The words go unanswered. From the hall comes a loud REPORT. It's the
text: shotguns, blasting desperately. Something flies up all around them as
text: the sound echoes. BATS!
text: Pendergast and Jonathan shield themselves from the flurry of beating
text: wings. Finally the animals settle and Pendergast and Jonathan exchange
text: a look. The silence is filled by a soft RUMBLING SOUND. They stand
text: together, waiting. Pendergast points his gun at the hall leading back
text: to the deputies. A ridge of hair on the dog's back rises and it
text: growls.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Identify yourself! Who's there?
text: No answer. The rumbling continues, growing louder. Then a dark object
text: appears. It comes rolling out of the hallway, bounces in front of them
text: and stops. Pendergast shines his light on...
text: DEPUTY ONE'S HEAD! The mouth is open wide in terror. Across the cheek
text: is a vicious claw mark.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Oh... my... God!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: (hisses)
dialog: Quiet.
text: And now they hear a GUT WRENCHING SHRIEK that's abruptly cut off,
text: followed by a second rumbling sound! Jonathan grabs Pendergast by the
text: shirt, panicked.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Stay calm.
text: They head quietly for the exit at the other end of room which seems to
text: slope up. After they're gone a few moments the head of DEPUTY TWO
text: rolls to a stop.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Cabs and limousines tangle outside the west entrance. A huge rotating
text: SPOTLIGHT is now turned on. Elegantly dressed men in dinner jackets
text: and women in gowns rush to get out of the pelting rain, umbrellas
dialog: jousting.
scene_heading: INT. CUTHBERT'S OFFICE - EVENING
text: Cuthbert's putting on his tux. He adjusts the cummerbund, humming
text: happily as D'Agosta looks on. D'Agosta paces, highly agitated and
dialog: worried.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I'm telling you, something's wrong.
dialog: I still haven't heard from
dialog: Pendergast. I think you should call
dialog: it off.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
text: It's too late now. Guests are
text: arriving. The Mayor's car is pulling
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I'll go down and speak to him.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: You haven't got the authority. Only
text: Pendergast can pull the plug.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Pendergast may be in trouble. Don't
dialog: you understand? He still hasn't come
dialog: back. It's been over three hours --
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: He'll be back. Relax. We're in good
dialog: shape. Your security is air tight.
dialog: There've been no more incidents,
dialog: nothing suspicious. There's no
dialog: reason to call off the opening now.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT ROTUNDA - NIGHT
text: Resounding with the echoes of several hundred expensive shoes crossing
text: the marble expanse and heading down the rows of palm trees leading to
text: the Hall of Heavens. The palms themselves are festooned with orchids
text: and violet lights. Somewhere inside, an invisible band is playing "New
text: York, New York". An army of waiters in white tie thread their way
text: through the guests carrying large silver platters crowded with
text: champagne glasses. Cuthbert enters and crosses to meet The MAYOR and
text: THE MAYOR'S WIFE. Photographers step forward and flashbulbs pop.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE HEAVENS - NIGHT
text: Food is out. Hundreds of tables are set with black linen table cloths.
text: Decorations have a dark, haunted house theme. A hum of activity floats
text: up past the vast Corinthian columns into the circular dome above.
scene_heading: INT. MARGO'S LABORATORIES - NIGHT
text: An explosive sneeze rattles the beakers and dislodges the plant
text: specimens. Margo interrupts her work at the computer to hand Greg a
text: tissue as Frock looks on.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: What kind of egg is it?
speaker_heading: MARGO
text: It's reptilian.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Like the claw.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: (cautious)
dialog: Let's not jump to conclusions. This
dialog: egg could belong to any number of
dialog: reptiles, Dr. Frock.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Come on, Margo. We're on the verge
dialog: of something huge. Let's consider
dialog: the possibility, just the three of
dialog: us, alone in this room. What if John
dialog: was right. I mean, what if? And he
text: sent back an egg of his monster in
dialog: the crates. When it got to the
text: museum, it hatched.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Several problems with that theory.
dialog: For one thing, this egg is intact.
dialog: For another, according to
dialog: Pendergast, the crates were shipped
text: here on a boat. Everyone on board
dialog: was killed like Beauregard. If the
text: thing hatched in mid-ocean, where
dialog: did it go?
text: Frock has no answer. Greg gestures to his computer screen.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: I guess you're not interested in
dialog: this plant anymore, but the chemical
text: analysis is done. Frock reads the
text: computer over Greg's shoulder.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: "Genus: Unknown. Family: Unknown.
dialog: Order: Unknown. Phylum: Unknown.
dialog: Cripes, Margo, what did you give me?
dialog: Is this an animal or one funky
dialog: shrub?"
dialog: (to Kawakita)
dialog: I see you've been programming the
text: computer vocabulary again.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: (points to a hexagonal symbol)
text: Look at this. An ambyloid reovirus
dialog: protein. That explains why the
text: computer's confused. The plant's
text: infected with a virus.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: That's not so unusual. Many plants
text: carry viruses. Like the burls on
text: Maple trees.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: But a virus normally codes for other
dialog: viruses. This one's making human and
dialog: animal proteins. Listen to this.
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "Glycotetraglycine collagenoid.
dialog: Weinstein's tropic hormone. 4-
dialog: monoxytocin supressin hormone."
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: These plant fibers are loaded with
dialog: hormones!
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What kind of hormones?
text: Kawakita pulls a heavy book from the shelf. The Encyclopedia of
text: Biochemistry, thumbs to a page and reads.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: 4-monoxytocin is... "A hormone
text: secreted by the human hypothalamus
dialog: gland."
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Try Weinstein's tropic hormone.
text: The tension is rising in the room. Frock takes the book, looks this
text: one up, reads silently and removes his glasses.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: A hormone secreted by the human
dialog: thalamus gland.
text: Kawakita and Frock look puzzled. Margo rises in agitation.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: This is it. This is what he, or
dialog: it... is after! The plant has high
dialog: concentrations of the same hormones
dialog: found in minute quantities in the
dialog: human brain!
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Pendergast told me the killer
text: extracts and eats the hypothalamus
dialog: and thalamus of the victim's brains!
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: (pales)
dialog: Eats them?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Yes. Whatever killed Beauregard may
dialog: have lived on this plant. When the
dialog: crates were put in secure storage,
dialog: they were out of reach. The killer
dialog: couldn't get them, so it got the
dialog: next best thing.
speaker_heading: FROCK
text: Beauregard's head.
text: There's a moment of stunned silence. Then a LOUD BUZZER makes them all
dialog: jump.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: It's all right. That means the
text: G.S.E. has finished analyzing the
dialog: claw DNA. Greg, you go find
dialog: Pendergast and Lieutenant D'Agosta
dialog: now.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM HALLWAYS - NIGHT
text: Kawakita tears up the dark stairs. He turns a corner and something
text: JUMPS OUT at him. He almost screams. It's a DRUNK.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Hey, where 'za little boys room?
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Down that hallway. But don't stay
dialog: long. You don't want to be here
dialog: alone.
scene_heading: INT. MARGO'S LAB - NIGHT
text: Margo and Frock enter and huddle over a sheaf of papers that the
text: printer has spit out.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: All right, assuming the program is
dialog: accurate, this is a description of
dialog: the animal with that claw.
dialog: (she reads)
dialog: "Species unidentified. Genus:
dialog: unidentified. Phylum unknown. Male,
dialog: weight in excess of 240 kg. Brain
dialog: capacity, 900 centimeters." That
dialog: means it's highly intelligent.
dialog: "Quadrupedal."
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Quadrupedal! The other name for
dialog: Mbwun. "He Who Walks on All Fours."
text: Margo and Frock exchange a look. Holy shit. Margo swallows and keeps
dialog: reading.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: "Nocturnal. External hair and bony
dialog: plates. Locomotor speed 60-70
dialog: kilometers. Reduced optic chiasm"...
dialog: poor eyesight. "External mucoid
dialog: nasal glands,"... very keen scent...
dialog: "Morphological characteristics:
dialog: Highly robust. Aggressiveness:
dialog: extreme."
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: So the claw came from a huge
dialog: creature with a preternatural sense
dialog: of smell and poor eyesight that
text: hunts at night.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: With the intelligence of a human
dialog: being, the speed of a greyhound, and
text: the strength of a grizzly bear.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: (a long moment)
dialog: Margo, what you've just described is
text: a killing machine.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: And it's hungry. It's been two days
dialog: since it's eaten. There are five
text: hundred people arriving right now.
text: The animal hunts at night and it has
dialog: a keen sense of smell! All those
text: people in one enclosed space...
speaker_heading: FROCK
text: It's like ringing the dinner bell.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE TO SUPERSTITION EXHIBIT - ROTUNDA - NIGHT
text: The crowd is now packed into the rotunda as the MAYOR cuts a red
text: ribbon across the entrance to the exhibit and everyone applauds.
text: Cuthbert is by the mayor's side. He steps forward and raises his hand
text: for quiet. The crowd falls silent.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Thank you everyone and welcome.
dialog: We're glad all of you were willing
dialog: to brave the inclement weather to be
dialog: with us tonight. Our special thanks
dialog: to his honor, the mayor and his
dialog: lovely wife.
text: The Mayor takes a bow. More applause.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT (CON'T)
dialog: Some people have questioned whether
text: a superstition exhibit belongs in a
dialog: Museum of Science. Spells,
dialog: incantations, demons, magic... these
dialog: are forces that defy the natural
dialog: laws. Superstition provides answers
dialog: to the great questions based on
dialog: fear. Science provides answers to
dialog: the great questions based on truth.
dialog: Science and superstition, then, are
dialog: polar opposites. Mortal enemies, if
dialog: you will. And that is why we are
dialog: here tonight. We have come to learn
dialog: more about the enemy, and thus to
dialog: bring about its defeat. For every
dialog: good, there is an evil, for every
dialog: dark, a light. And so tonight... my
dialog: friends, I give you ignorance,
text: terror, unreasoning fear, pure evil.
dialog: (smiles, gestures to the exhibit)
dialog: Have a great time.
text: Everyone laughs, applauds again as Cuthbert and the Mayor lead the way
text: inside. Kawakita is making his way over to D'Agosta. The crush at the
dialog: entrance is incredible.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Lieutenant! It's me.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Dr. Green has to see you!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Got my hands full here.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: It's important. Please. You have to
dialog: come! Pendergast, too. She's found
dialog: out something.
text: D'Agosta pulls out his walkie talkie.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: McNitt? D'Agosta here.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY COMMAND CENTER - MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Officer McNitt stands in the corner of the computer room, bathed in
dialog: neon light. Running the security system is GEORGE, your basic computer
text: nerd. Multiple screens all over show various rooms in the museum. Most
text: are empty with the exception of those showing the exhibition. On
text: these, the crowds can be seen entering the various rooms. McNitt holds
text: his walkie talkie.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: Yeah Lieutenant? I'm here.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA (ON RADIO)
dialog: I'm heading to the Evolutionary Bio
dialog: labs. Any sign of Pendergast?
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: Not yet.
text: At this moment a NOISE comes from the adjoining room. McNitt's head
text: SWIVELS. It's a LOUD THUMP.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: Hold on Lieutenant.
dialog: (to George)
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Probably just something wrong with
dialog: the air conditioning. There's a shit
dialog: load of electrical rooms back there.
text: George is playing an elaborate computer game and not paying attention.
text: McNitt returns to his walkie talkie as the THUMP comes again. Now he
text: looks distinctly nervous.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: Lieutenant? There's something wrong
text: in the computer room.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA (ON RADIO)
dialog: Goddamn it. I'll get Ippolito and
dialog: send him up.
text: George rises.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You're over-reacting. Sounds like
dialog: the air conditioning to me.
text: McNitt watches uneasily as George opens the door, disappears into the
dialog: next room.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE - SUPERSTITION EXIBIT - NIGHT
text: D'Agosta turns to Kawakita who waits, shifting from foot to foot.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Damn. There's some kind of problem
dialog: in the computer room. I have to go
dialog: get Ippolito. You wait here.
text: D'Agosta heads into the exhibit before Kawakita can protest.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERSTITION EXHIBIT - NIGHT
text: We see various cuts of people as they move into the different rooms. A
text: TEENAGE GIRL (LAUREN) and her FATHER (DAVID) examine a lidless,
text: rotting European style coffin, complete with corpse. A white haired
text: gentleman (DR. POUND), leans on his cane as he looks at a display on
text: primitive medicine practiced with implements that look like torture
dialog: tools.
text: Cuthbert and Ippolito are at the head of a press of people, giving the
text: MAYOR and HIS WIFE a guided tour.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Here we have a very rare sacrificial
dialog: table from Mesoamerica. The priests
dialog: would kill the victim on this slab,
dialog: cut out the heart and eat it while
text: it was still beating.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: I could use one of these things in
dialog: City Hall.
text: Cuthbert laughs right on cue. They pass a Congo power figure with its
text: bulging eye sockets and torso riddled with sharp nails. Several people
text: recoil from it, looking repulsed. The MAYOR's WIFE sees it and looks
text: distressed.
speaker_heading: MAYOR'S WIFE
dialog: You're letting kids see this? I
dialog: should think they'd have nightmares.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Kid will love it. They're our target
dialog: audience. Nothing here is as violent
dialog: as what they see on T.V.
text: They pass a MUMMY dripping in BLOOD. The Mayor gestures to it.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: I don't know. That could be a little
dialog: over the top. It's not even
dialog: scientific. Mummies don't bleed.
text: Cuthbert's smile fades as he sees the mummy.
text: CLOSE ON... the MAYOR'S WHITE CUFF as he extends his hand to point at
text: the mummy. The pristine white of his cuff is suddenly colored by a
text: falling RED DROP OF BLOOD.
text: Cuthbert sees it. So does the Mayor and Ippolito. They look up as
text: another DROP OF BLOOD falls right on Cuthbert's face. And yet another
text: droplet falls on THE MAYOR'S WIFE'S white bosom, exposed by her low
dialog: cut dress!
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Oh... my... God...
text: THEIR POV... above the mummy's head, the top of the case is cut away,
text: exposing a ceiling crawling with steam pipes and ductwork. A hand, a
text: watch, and the cuff of a blue shirt protrude over the edge of the
text: case. A small icicle of blood hangs from the middle finger. And
text: another drop FALLS.
text: CUTHBERT SCREAMS AT THE TOP OF HIS LUNGS! Conscious of the panic
text: factor, Ippolito yells.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: Quiet everyone!
text: But it's too late. The room is packed with people. And D'Agosta
text: himself is just pushing through the door as another woman cries out...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: There's a body up there!
text: A ripple of fear goes over the faces in the room, titters as people
text: wonder if it's a joke. At that moment from the darkness above, the
text: ceiling buckles and something FALLS!
text: It's OFFICER DOYLE'S HEADLESS TORSO, dripping blood!
text: UTTER PANDEMONIUM breaks loose! The close space ECHOES with screams
text: and shouts. People claw at each other, stumbling desperately trying to
text: get to the door. A YOUNG WOMAN falls and D'Agosta runs to her to keep
text: her from being trampled in the stampede.
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: McNitt is staring in horror at the remote camera images showing the
text: chaos in the exhibition, the faces registering blind fear. Alarms
text: start going off all over the place. McNitt calls out... panicked...
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: George! Get out here, now!
text: McNitt looks around, desperate. But George still isn't here. The door
text: to the electrical room is still open. The ceiling shudders from
text: thundering feet. McNitt can hear distant SCREAMS! It's raising the
text: hair on the back of his neck. He calls out.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: George! Where are you?
text: No answer. He moves to the open door, a new fear in his eyes. He looks
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. ELECTRICAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: BLACKNESS. McNitt can't find a light switch. He stays in the doorway,
text: silhouetted by light from the computer room. With shaking hands McNitt
text: pumps a slug into the chamber of his shotgun. There's a strange, low,
text: gurgling sound. It's McNitt's stomach. He silences it, swallows.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: Hey you? George! Damn it. Where are
dialog: you? No response.
text: McNitt edges into the darkened rooms. The first one's empty. He tries
dialog: the next.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: George! We've got an emergency! Are
dialog: you here?
text: Suddenly there's a HUGE THUMP and a scuttling to his left! It's a
text: terrifying sound! McNitt drops to his knees and pumps three rounds,
text: each with a light and a deafening blast! A SHOWER OF SPARKS and a gout
text: of flame licks upwards, illuminating the room with orange light. A
text: HUGE DARK SHAPE ducks out the door!
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: Oh God. Oh God!
text: Gunpowder hangs in the air like a blue fog. On the far wall, a mounted
text: metal box is smoking from three large, ragged holes! With a sudden
text: pop, an electrical arc slices across the ruined box, followed by a
text: crackling and a shower of sparks. McNitt ducks back into the computer
text: room, slams the door and locks it, breathing hard.
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Every single screen flickers and dims. But to McNitt's relief, George
text: has returned. He is sitting with his back to the doorway in his chair.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: George! I saw something in there! I
dialog: fired but I think I missed it!
text: George remains still, his back to McNitt, staring at the computer game
text: on the flickering screen.
speaker_heading: MCNITT
dialog: George, for Chrissake answer me!
text: McNitt puts a hand on George's shoulder, swivels his chair around.
text: ON GEORGE... His face ripped off.
scene_heading: INT. ELECTRICAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: ON THE CENTRAL SWITCHING BOX... sparking and shorting as an ENORMOUS
text: CLAWED ARM SWIPES IT OFF THE WALL!
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE HEAVENS - NIGHT
text: Everyone pours out of the exhibit, running for the door leading to the
text: Rotunda. People are getting trampled. It's a terrible crush. Screams!
text: Tables over-turned everywhere. Food scatters to the floor. D'AGOSTA
text: pushes his way out of the exhibit, crosses to Kawakita, who is
text: appalled. Above, the chandeliers are flickering.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: What happened?!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: There's a dead body in the exhibit!
text: People are panicking, trampling each
text: other trying to get out.
text: Ippolito runs over to join them.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: What the hell is going on?!
text: Above them THE LIGHTS dim again and come back on.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: The whole system is shutting down!
dialog: We have to get out quickly before
dialog: the fire doors fall!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: What doors?
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: I told you! They seal off all the
dialog: cells. They were designed to fall
dialog: automatically in a system failure --
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: You said the system couldn't fail!
text: At this there's a low rumble from above. D'Agosta looks up and sees A
text: LARGE METAL DOOR IS DESCENDING from a slot in the ceiling, and not in
text: an orderly fashion. It's falling fast. Below are crowds of people, all
text: pushing to get out! Officer Bailey, near the door, sees it.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: Above you! Look out!
text: His voice is lost in an ocean of screaming. Kawakita stands in total
text: horror a moment, then joins Bailey and D'Agosta.
text: All of them try to restrain people from trying to beat the door.
text: Ippolito, on the other hand, elbows his way to the front of the
dialog: fleeing crowd!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Ippolito! Get back here!
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: Like hell!
text: Ignoring D'Agosta, Ippolito pushes past. He barrels over an OLD MAN
text: who stumbles and falls DIRECTLY BENEATH THE FALLING DOOR! Ippolito
text: jumps over him and is out!
text: The old man looks up at the descending wall of steel and SCREAMS!
text: D'AGOSTA runs forward, dives for the old man but he's not in time.
text: Kawakita covers his eyes, unable to watch as the lights flicker a
text: third and last time. The room is plunged into darkness. And over the
text: screams we hear the rumble and CRASH, the horrifying cries of the old
text: man, as the door comes down.
scene_heading: INT. MARGO'S LAB - NIGHT
text: Margo and Frock stand in the darkness. Through a high window we can
text: see lightning flash.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Some kind of power failure. Maybe
dialog: it's the storm. Do you have a
dialog: flashlight?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I think so.
text: She gets one from a cupboard.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Greg's been gone over a half hour.
dialog: We'd better get out of here. Get the
dialog: crate.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS - NIGHT
text: Frock wheels his chair as fast as he can. Margo runs beside him
text: carrying the crate with the fibers inside. A peel of thunder ends and
text: distant screaming is heard. Margo stops, appalled.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Dr. Frock. Did you hear that?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Don't stop now.
text: Up ahead they hear METALLIC RUMBLING and a CRASH! They round a corner
text: and come up against a huge STEEL DOOR.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: It's one of the fire doors. Good
dialog: Lord, Margo. We're trapped!
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Pendergast stands at the end of a cul de sac, studying the blue prints
text: by a stone wall. Jonathan and the dog are with him, exhausted and
text: terrified. Jonathan keeps an eye on the corridor behind them as
dialog: Pendergast works.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I know where we are now. We're
dialog: getting out, Jonathan. This should
dialog: be another door.
text: Taking a pen knife from his pocket, Pendergast places it into the
text: plaster and gently twists the blade. A piece of plaster the size of a
text: dinner plate falls, revealing the tracings of another doorway.
text: Pendergast shoves the door open to reveal a dark, dusty room.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hallelujah, Pendergast. Where the
dialog: hell are we now?
scene_heading: INT. "ALCOHOLIC" ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jonathan and Pendergast enter quickly from the hidden rear door.
text: Pendergast shines his beam on dusty shelves filled with specimens. All
text: are stored in jars of alcohol. There are fetuses of many different
text: species. We see a pig, a cow, a duck billed platypus as well as brain
text: sections, a disembodied monkey head. One rectangular glass container
text: holds a skinned human foot.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Jesus, what is this?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
text: Another storage room.
text: Pendergast tries the light switch to no effect.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Something's happened. The power's
dialog: out.
text: They cross the room to the main door and exit. Now they're in...
scene_heading: INT. OSTEO PREP - LAB - NIGHT
text: Pendergast shines his light on the maceration tanks. The humming of
text: the bugs can be heard in their cabinet.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: All right. I know where we are. This
dialog: is the osteo prep lab. I was in here
dialog: earlier. We're safe now.
text: With these words, the dog GROWLS. Jonathan freezes and sniffs the air.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Oh no. I smell it.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Keep the animal quiet.
text: Jonathan kneels by Hobbes as Pendergast listens, every nerve on end. A
text: sound comes from the adjacent hallway that leads to the secure storage
text: area. It's unmistakable HEAVY BREATHING and the creeping movement of
text: claws. Pendergast lifts his gun.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Go out the other doorway. There's a
text: stair at the end of the hall. Up
dialog: five flights is a corridor that
text: leads to the Hall of the Heavens.
dialog: Find Lieutenant D'Agosta. Bring
dialog: help.
text: Jonathan doesn't have to be told twice. He takes the dog and exits
text: from the other side of the lab leaving Pendergast alone. Pendergast
text: waits a moment until Jonathan's safely out of sight. He switches off
text: his flashlight, backs up slowly, step by step. He opens the door to
text: the alcoholics storage. As he slips inside a DARK SHAPE appears.
scene_heading: INT. "ALCOHOLICS" STORAGE - NIGHT
text: Slowly, making no sound, Pendergast lifts the .45 Anaconda, passes his
text: finger over the cylinder, checking the loaded chambers. Then he
text: steadies the revolver and levels it at the door. The hideous pickled
text: specimens seem to hover all around him. The smell is overwhelming and
text: the snuffling is louder now.
text: It's coming closer. After a long moment there is a faint bump at the
text: door. This is followed by a low scratching noise... Pendergast watches
text: frozen in horror, holding his breath.
text: THE DOORKNOB BEGINS TO TURN! Not knowing what else to do, Pendergast
text: simply grabs it from the inside and holds on!
text: OUTSIDE he hears an AMUSED SNORT, then a LOW GROWL. There's ONE HARD
text: HIT and the door shivers. THE DOORKNOB FALLS OFF! It's over now.
text: Pendergast kneels down, bracing the gun in both hands. From this
text: position he can see right through the hole where the doorknob fell.
text: His mouth literally drops in astonishment as he sees...
text: a HUGE, red-rimmed, GREEN EYE!
text: Involuntarily Pendergast LEAPS BACK, nearly falls and drops the gun!
text: Beakers crash around him. He scrambles in the darkness. The flashlight
text: falls and pops back on. The beam streaks up crazily. It's chaos.
text: Pendergast is an easy target now. He grabs for the light, the gun,
text: steadies himself, breathing fast and low. His heart pounds. But
text: nothing more happens. The silence is heavy. The eye is gone. And
text: suddenly Pendergast understands.
text: In the distance he can hear HUMAN VOICES and a rolling wheelchair!
text: Somewhere nearby are MARGO AND FROCK! The monster has left him to get
text: bigger game. Fear for Margo and Frock lights Pendergast's eyes. All
text: panic and disorganization are gone. He holds his revolver at 12
text: o'clock and KICKS the door open, leaps out as
text: A HUGE DARK SHAPE DARTS FROM THE ROOM. It's headed for the secure
text: storage areas again! Pendergast takes off. Not knowing how else to
dialog: address this thing he finds himself calling...
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Halt!
scene_heading: INT. SECURE STORAGE HALLWAY - BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Pendergast runs into the hallway but he's already too late. The
text: hulking shape of the quadruped is moving at incredible speed.
text: ON PENDERGAST... as he levels his gun and shoots.
text: THE CREATURE... stops, rears back on its haunches, looks once at
text: Pendergast, pissed. As the VOICES around the far corner fall silent,
text: Pendergast FIRES. The shot blasts off a piece of the wall.
text: With astonishing speed and agility for its bulk, the beast turns and
text: leaps around the corner, passing out of Pendergast's sight.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Margo! Frock! It's coming! Run!
text: AROUND THE CORNER...
text: Are MARGO AND FROCK... Frock holds the keys to secure storage area 1012
text: in his hand. Margo has the flashlight and the crate with the fibers.
text: They can hear the sound of thundering movement.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Look!
text: Margo points her light in the distance and illuminates the beast! It's
text: descending like a freight train. One split second of sheer amazement,
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Dr. Frock! Quick!
text: Frock, immobilized in his wheel chair, stares at the monster, like a
text: trapped rabbit looking at a descending hawk. Margo grabs his keys from
text: him, fumbles desperately to open the door. It swings wide at last. She
text: grabs the handles of the wheelchair, tugs with all her might. The
text: wheels bump into the door frame but somehow she wrestles the damn
dialog: thing inside.
scene_heading: INT. SECURE STORAGE AREA - NIGHT
text: Margo shoves Frock behind her, slams the door shut. Seconds later, the
text: beast throws itself against the storage door. They hear it outside,
text: growling in fury, claws lashing out. Margo and Frock press back in the
text: darkness, terror in their eyes.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Pendergast runs forward in the echoing hallway, his gun drawn, his
text: flashlight on. A few more steps and he holds hard. His eyes go wide in
text: astonishment as his light illuminates the beast. It's tearing at the
text: steel door furiously with incredible force.
text: As the flashlight beam hits it, MBWUN roars and looks up. Now we see
text: it clearly for the first time. The monster is MASSIVE, putrid, rank.
text: Slit reptilian green eyes are rimmed in red. A ridge of stiff black
text: hair rises on the creature's buffalo-like humped back. The withers are
text: muscled and covered with plates. A forked TONGUE licks out as purple
text: lips draw back exposing razor sharp teeth. The claws raise up to fend
text: off the light.
text: PENDERGAST steadies himself with difficulty, takes a few seconds to
text: aim with the greatest care. Mbwun makes a move towards him and he
text: squeezes the trigger hard. The gun echoes in the hall. A split second
text: and a white streak moves right up the beast's cranium. A direct hit.
text: The shot echoes and Mbwun drops it's claws.
text: The flashlight continues to shine like a high beam right into the
text: beast's eyes. Angry and blinded, the creature turns and in a moment,
text: lopes off. Pendergast watches, unimaginably relieved. Realizing what
text: just happened, his knees start to buckle. He catches himself, wipes
text: one hand across his eyes. A voice comes from the storage room.
speaker_heading: MARGO (OS)
dialog: Pendergast? Are you all right?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: No. I think I'm hallucinating.
text: The storage door opens slowly and Margo looks out.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: You're not. Where is it?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Gone.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Wounded?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: No. A chromium alloy tipped .45
text: caliber bullet bounced off that
dialog: thing's skull like a spit ball. I
dialog: think it was bothered by my light.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: That would fit. It's nocturnal.
dialog: Quick. Come inside.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: As hundreds of the guests emerge into the pounding rain... crying,
text: terrified, unclear what exactly happened. These are the lucky ones.
text: Among them we find IPPOLITO. His walkie talkie is squawking. The
text: windows of the museum behind him are black.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA ON RADIO
dialog: Ippolito! Where the hell are you?
dialog: We're trapped in here! We need help!
dialog: Ippolito! Come in, dammit!
text: Ippolito sits down on the steps in the rain, knowing the extent of
text: what he's done. The wheels are working hard now, trying to figure out
text: damage control. The walkie talkie keeps calling. He doesn't respond.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE HEAVENS - NIGHT
text: Tables are overturned, food lies on the ground, people cower in the
text: darkness. D'Agosta crouches in some broken glass with his walkie
text: talkie. He shuts it off, rises, looks around. Light comes from a few
text: sputtering candles.
text: Most of the guests still trapped inside are grouped around the lowered
text: steel door. Among them are KAWAKITA and CUTHBERT. From the BODY of the
text: man crushed underneath the door extends a large puddle of blood.
text: Bailey is working in desperation on a brass panel by the door.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: Manual overrides aren't working. I'm
dialog: getting nothing, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Great.
text: Frank, the father of the teenage girl, Lauren, steps forward.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: There's no power. The whole system's
dialog: down.
text: The crowd starts to murmur. One man yells.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: We're trapped! And there's a killer
dialog: in here!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: We'll get out safely if everyone
dialog: stays calm. Is anyone else hurt?
text: The MAYOR stands. His wife's forehead is bleeding.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Yes. My wife.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Is there a doctor?
text: The distinguished grey haired man with a cane comes forward. DR.
speaker_heading: POUND.
speaker_heading: POUND
dialog: I'm Dr. Pound.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Check this woman and see if anyone
dialog: else needs you.
text: Pound moves off. Everyone spins now at the incongruous sound of a DOG
text: BARK. D'Agosta pulls his gun. The door to a stairwell at the far end
text: of the room opens and Hobbes bounds into the hall! He's followed by
text: Jonathan, who is filthy and wild-eyed.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Lieutenant D'Agosta! Don't shoot.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Where's Pendergast?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: (crossing, breathless)
dialog: Five flights down. We were lost in
text: the sub-basement. Something's down
dialog: there. It killed our two deputies.
dialog: When I left Pendergast it was coming
dialog: back. He sent me for help. We have
dialog: to hurry.
text: D'Agosta makes a quick sweep of the room with his flashlight. The
text: remote corners of the hall are so black the light seems to disappear.
text: In the center, two men are bending over a still form. One of them is
dialog: Dr. Pound.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Both of you. Get back here.
speaker_heading: POUND
dialog: But he's still alive --
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Get back now!
text: The urgency in D'Agosta's voice gets everyone's attention. The Mayor
text: brings his wife over. Cuthbert comes too. They huddle apart from the
text: others. Cuthbert's white with fear.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: What's going on?
text: D'Agosta speaks low.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: There's some kind of animal loose in
text: the museum. Pendergast's alone. He
dialog: needs help. I want volunteers to go
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: BAILEY
dialog: I'm in.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: (swallows)
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: (voice rising in fear)
dialog: I'd do it gladly but someone needs
dialog: to stay with these people.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: All right. You're elected. Bailey,
dialog: get all the guns and flashlights,
dialog: give the mayor your walkie talkie so
dialog: we can keep in touch. Cuthbert, keep
dialog: everyone together and make sure they
dialog: stay quiet.
text: Frank steps forward.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I was in the Marines. Give me a gun.
dialog: I'd go with you, too, but I've got
dialog: my daughter.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: All right. You guard these people
dialog: and your daughter.
text: D'Agosta gives Frank his service revolver.
speaker_heading: MAYOR'S WIFE
dialog: (to D'Agosta)
dialog: Where are you going? Don't leave us
dialog: alone!
text: The remaining crowd begins to whimper. The Mayor rises.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
text: Everyone quiet. The Lieutenant's in
dialog: charge.
text: Bailey and D'Agosta carry shot guns. They quietly move to the back
text: stairwell at the far end of the Hall of the Heavens. Everyone else
text: bunches together and watches.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Bailey, we'll go first and check the
dialog: stairwell. Jonathan, you and Greg
text: guard the door.
text: Jonathan gives Hobbes' leash to the Mayor. D'Agosta hands Greg
text: Kawakita a shotgun, tightens his grip on his own. Then he gives the
text: signal and Bailey yanks open the door to the stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: D'Agosta and Bailey go in slowly. Jonathan stays in the doorway,
text: sweeping the stairwell with his flashlight. Kawakita gingerly holds
text: his shotgun. He's scared out of his mind. He turns to Jonathan,
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Excuse me. Could you tell me how
dialog: this thing works?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Oh Jesus. Don't point it at me. Just
dialog: aim and shoot.
text: D'Agosta heads down the stairs in the lead, with Bailey close behind.
text: The stairwell is windowless and dark. D'Agosta shines his light and it
text: cuts into the blackness. He moves quietly, makes the first landing and
text: stops. Bailey watches his back from several steps behind as D'Agosta
text: signals for him to wait. The flashlight flares into a glass door one
text: flight down. D'Agosta raises his hand.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (low)
dialog: Hold on. I thought I saw something.
text: Everyone stops. Bailey pumps his shotgun. So does Jonathan. Kawakita
text: fumbles to do like the others. They wait. D'Agosta moves alone down
text: several more steps. The silence is heavy. Suddenly D'Agosta wrinkles
text: his nose.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Whoa... You smell that?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Lieutenant! Get back!
text: Too late. At this something DROPS FROM ABOVE! A huge dark shape LEAPS
text: INTO THE STAIRWELL, descending two floors! It lands, pounces on BAILEY
text: and the marble walls echo with a ROAR.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: BAILEY!!!
text: Bailey SCREAMS in terror as Mbwun pins him down!
speaker_heading: BAILEY
speaker_heading: NOOOOO!
text: CLOSE ON BAILEY... Three claws close on his neck and WRENCH HARD!
text: There's a horrifying snap as Bailey's HEAD COMES OFF! Blood SPURTS all
text: over and drips down the stairs.
text: D'AGOSTA levels his shotgun at the monster and fires, with no apparent
text: effect. When the shots stop echoing we hear SCREAMS and FRANTIC
text: BARKING from the hall.
text: MBWUN'S GREEN EYES look up and it's FORKED TONGUE LICKS OUT. The
text: monster LEAPS PAST Bailey's body and heads for the door! D'Agosta,
text: seeing what's happening, screams at the top of his lungs.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Jonathan! Don't let it get into the
dialog: hall!
text: ON JONATHAN... frozen in the doorway, Kawakita by his side. Both of
text: them are rigid with horror. Disbelief in their eyes. The BEAST leaps
text: up directly at them as they jump to try and close the door.
text: D'Agosta keeps firing until he's pumping an empty chamber. Plaster is
text: falling all around. SCREAMS resound in the Hall of the Heavens as
text: D'Agosta stumbles up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE HEAVENS - NIGHT
text: D'Agosta throws open the doors and charges into the Hall. Jonathan
text: lies on the ground, dazed. Kawakita stands to one side, teeth
text: chattering in shock. His hand shakes so badly that the barrel of the
text: gun swings in his hand.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Where is it?!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I don't know! It hit me hard.
text: D'Agosta pumps two shells in the shotgun. Screams can be heard from
text: the people crouched together at the edge of the room. Hobbes is
text: barking wildly, foaming at the mouth. It's too dark to see what's
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Somebody tell me! Where is it now?
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (quiet)
text: Lieutenant. In the south corner.
text: D'Agosta sweeps his light to the Mayor who stands rigid in front of
text: the others, points to his left. The light moves to the far end of the
text: room where THE DARK SHAPE OF MBWUN crouches over the body of a man.
text: It's lunging up and down with odd, jerking motions. The man is long
text: past making a sound. From the monster comes a faint crunching and
text: slobbering. Jonathan rises, comes to D'Agosta. So does Frank. They
text: stand shoulder to shoulder, raise their guns. D'Agosta motions for
dialog: Kawakita.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: On three.
text: Kawakita stumbles to join them, tries to join in. The barrel of his
text: shot gun still swings wildly. He steadies it by taking it in both
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: One, two... three.
text: All three fire. There's a loud report. The kickback knocks Kawakita
text: backwards. Screams erupt from the huddled group. Hobbes abruptly shuts
text: up. The men fire and fire until there's nothing left. D'Agosta reaches
text: for more shells, comes up empty.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Jonathan! Get everyone behind me!
text: Jonathan moves. D'Agosta sweeps his light across the room but already
text: the shape is gone. Cuthbert hides behind the Mayor, calls out in a
text: terrified squeal.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
text: It went out the door to the rotunda!
text: D'Agosta runs across the room to a set of double industrial doors.
text: There's a noise in the darkness beyond and he just manages to slam
text: both doors. He picks up a metal chair and jams it through the handles.
text: Backs up. The doors shudder as something hits them hard.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Get everyone into the stairwell!
text: Jonathan, the Mayor, Cuthbert and Kawakita together herd everyone
text: towards the stairwell. They move inside.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Dark and close. The smell of gunpowder and death. The Mayor's Wife
text: sees Bailey's body and clutches her mouth so as not to throw up.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Sweet Jesus!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Get his gun and his walkie talkie,
dialog: Jonathan. Move.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: My office is on the third floor!
dialog: There's a walk-in safe and a
dialog: portable phone! We can lock
dialog: ourselves in the safe and call for
dialog: help!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I have to help Pendergast. Kawakita
dialog: and Jonathan stay with me. The rest
dialog: of you can go with Cuthbert!
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: I think we should stick together!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (taking Bailey's shotgun)
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: I'm leaving. Whoever wants can come
dialog: with me.
text: No one follows.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Wait!
dialog: Cuthbert's gone.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Jonathan, go with him! He isn't
dialog: armed.
text: Jonathan grabs Hobbes' leash from the Mayor and bounds up the stairs.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Good luck!
text: Everyone else follows D'Agosta. Together, they head down.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Police cars are pulling up outside the museum. Sirens wail. Torrents
text: of rain limit the number of onlookers. Crowds of people are scattered
text: about. There's disbelief on everyone's faces. Many people are in
text: shock. Ippolito sprints through the pelting rain to a GUARD STATION
text: near the gate. He yanks the door open and jumps inside.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD STATION - NIGHT
text: A number of museum security personnel are milling in confusion.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: All right everyone. I'm in charge.
dialog: Status report.
text: One of the security men, WATERS, rises.
speaker_heading: WATERS
text: Swat teams are on the way. Fire
dialog: trucks with them. Everything's
text: slowed down because of the rain.
dialog: We're bringing in portable
dialog: generators. They'll get the
dialog: emergency lights working but they
dialog: won't pump enough power to lift the
dialog: doors.
text: Ippolito pulls out his walkie talkie.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: D'Agosta? Ippolito. Come in.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA (ON RADIO)
dialog: (a string of curses followed by...)
dialog: Where the hell are you?
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: I made it outside. I'll co-ordinate
dialog: the rescue efforts from here. Help
dialog: is on the way. Just sit tight.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA (ON RADIO)
dialog: It's a little late, you son of a
dialog: bitch. There's a friggin' monster
dialog: loose in here! Get the FBI, the fire
dialog: department. Find metal cutters, cut
dialog: through. And bring a cannon. The
dialog: damn thing is huge.
text: A long moment as the men look at each other.
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: Did he say monster?
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: Panic attack.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: D'Agosta's group has reached a lower floor. Here this stairwell ends.
text: Ahead stretches the hall of the Asian peoples.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO (OS)
dialog: D'Agosta, put on the Mayor.
text: D'Agosta passes the walkie talkie to the Mayor.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Mayor Jordan here.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO (ON RADIO)
dialog: This is Ippolito, head of museum
dialog: security. Relieve D'Agosta and take
dialog: command.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Don't tell me what to do you chicken
dialog: shit bastard. I saw you cut and run!
dialog: Lieutenant D'Agosta stayed with us.
text: He is in charge. There is a monster.
dialog: I saw it. Cut through those doors
dialog: and get us out of here, now!
text: The Mayor shuts off the walkie talkie and they round another corner
text: and disappear from sight.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ippolito finds Waters and the others staring at him. Humiliated, he
text: swallows hard.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: All right. The steel doors are
dialog: designed to retard cutting. We can
dialog: go through them, but it would take
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: The quickest way in would be to go
dialog: through the roof, sir. Cell two goes
text: up to the fifth floor. There are sky
text: lights up there.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: Co-ordinate with the fire department
text: and SWAT teams. Move.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ASIAN PEOPLES - NIGHT
text: It's very dark. The huge shape of MBWUN can barely be seen sliding out
text: of the stairwell and into the Hall of the Asian Peoples. Then DIM RED
text: HALL LIGHTS come on in the corners of the ceiling. The monster utters
text: a low growl. The emergency generators are beginning to come on. The
text: animal lopes to the spot where we last saw D'Agosta and his group,
text: sniffs the ground. It looks up and, with a curiously human gesture,
text: cocks its massive head.
text: The silence is broken by VOICES! They're in the distance and muffled,
text: but definitely there. The monster crouches eagerly, lopes forward with
text: great stealth. The voices are getting louder. We follow as it goes
text: through the hall and down...
text: A STAIRWELL... At the bottom, Mbwun quickly turns a corner... The voices
text: have stopped. Mbwun creeps forward, enters...
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF MARINE ANIMALS - NIGHT
text: A huge room several stories high. A WHALE hangs suspended from the
text: ceiling. Dioramas of fish line all the walls. Mbwun pauses next to a
text: diorama of the gentle, vegetarian sea cow, THE MANATEE. The two make a
text: startling contrast.
text: A pause and then the voices are heard again, much louder now. The
text: source is right around the edge of the Manatee display. Mbwun LEAPS
text: FORWARD, claws lashing out. He turns the corner and crashes through a
text: wall of GLASS as he grabs at the source of the voices...
text: A display of small, extraordinarily life-like TALKING HOLOGRAMS!
text: They've been re-activated with the emergency power system. Each little
text: talking figure is no more then five inches high. They move around a
text: small three dimensional display of marine animals, explaining the lung
dialog: systems of fish.
text: MBWUN... stands in the pile of broken glass, stares at the holograms,
text: mesmerized. He makes a noise that sounds astonishingly like a CHUCKLE!
text: Then he reaches out one long claw and tries unsuccessfully to touch
text: one of the holograms. But the shadowy creatures can't be caught. The
text: beast seems to realize this, SNORTS and moves off. As he goes he
text: passes behind a
text: LARGE GLASS ELEVATOR. It stands in middle the open room. The elevator
text: is designed to carry people upstairs and down in the two story
text: exhibit. In the dim light, with his poor vision, the monster doesn't
text: see D'Agosta, the Mayor, Kawakita, and their entire group SANDWICHED
text: INSIDE. The monster exits the exhibit and quietly D'Agosta slides the
text: doors open. Everyone, all thirty-five people in evening clothes,
text: quickly get out and run across the exhibit to another stairwell at the
text: far side of the hall.
scene_heading: INT. SECURE STORAGE AREA 1012 - NIGHT
text: Margo, Frock and Pendergast wait in the darkness. Pendergast, for the
text: first time, seems fazed.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I don't know how to deal with this.
dialog: It's hellish. Like nothing I ever
dialog: saw. I'm not trained to deal with a
dialog: monster, a supernatural creature
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: It's not supernatural. Mbwun is an
dialog: animal. Part lizard, part human, a
dialog: genetic freak of some kind, like the
dialog: half-goat, half-sheep they found
dialog: last year in the jungles of Vietnam.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: But this isn't the jungle! This is
dialog: New York. How did it get here? A
dialog: thing like that crossed two
dialog: continents. It makes no sense!
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: (lame)
dialog: We think it may have something to do
dialog: with the eggs we found in the crate.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: None of that matters now. The people
dialog: upstairs need us. We have to help.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: We can't. We've managed to get
dialog: inside the one place that's safe. I
dialog: think we should sit tight and wait
dialog: for reinforcements. If we go
dialog: outside, we're risking more lives.
dialog: You have to accept it, Margo,
dialog: there's nothing we can do. The
text: building must be swarming with
dialog: police by now. It won't take long
dialog: for them to get through the doors.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: That thing could kill ten people in
dialog: a matter of minutes.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: But what can we do? Our guns are
dialog: useless --
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: We have the fibers. Don't you see?
text: The creature is hungry. It wants the
dialog: hormones in these plants. It would
dialog: take hundreds of human brains to
dialog: supply what's in these fibers. We're
dialog: just a poor substitute. To make it
dialog: stop hunting, we have to give it
dialog: what it wants.
scene_heading: INT. CUTHBERT'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Cuthbert enters with Jonathan and the dog, Hobbes. Cuthbert locks the
text: door with shaking hands. He mutters to himself in terror.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Solid oak. Two inches thick. Tell me
dialog: they'll hold.
text: Cuthbert scurries to his desk and pulls out a Ruger .38 Magnum.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: I got it after I was mugged in the
dialog: subway last spring.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Where's the walk-in safe?
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Behind you.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What's the combination?
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: I'll do it. Just let me find my
dialog: portable phone.
text: He rummages in the darkness, going through his desk.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Forget it!
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Calm down. I found it!
text: Cuthbert flips the phone open and turns it on.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Battery's dead. Shit.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Let's go!
text: Cuthbert crosses to a huge wall safe, starts frantically turning the
text: tumblers. Jonathan follows with the dog.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: That thing won't come after us,
dialog: right? It's going for bigger game.
text: The group blundering around in the
dialog: basement. Poor fools.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hurry up!
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Just a minute. I'm shaking! Take the
dialog: gun.
text: Cuthbert fumbles to hand over the Ruger. As he does, something drops.
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Oh God! I dropped my rabbit's foot!
text: Cuthbert drops to his knees, groping in the darkness.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: For Chrissake, I'll do it. What's
dialog: the combination?!
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
text: To the left twice then five no...
dialog: sorry... I think it's fifteen... it's
dialog: been a while...
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Oh Jesus...
text: Jonathan starts again, sweating. The tumblers fall with agonizing
text: slowness. Cuthbert continues groping frantically for his good luck
text: charm. Meanwhile, unnoticed by Jonathan, the dog is staring at the oak
text: doors. We see the HAIR ON HIS BACK rise!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Fifteen... what's next?
speaker_heading: CUTHBERT
dialog: Eight to the right! Look! I found
dialog: it!
text: Clutching the rabbit's foot like a talisman, Cuthbert leaps up just as
text: the last tumbler falls.
text: At this the oak doors behind them CRASH OPEN, splintering like so many
text: match sticks.
text: Cuthbert SCREAMS in a high pitch whine at the sight of the beast. The
text: dog barks wildly at Mbwun! Jonathan lifts his shot gun. But the
text: monster barrels past him and zeros in on Cuthbert!
text: A HUGE RED TONGUE LICKS OUT and encircles Cuthbert's waist! It
text: squeezes him horribly, drags him towards the open jaws! Cuthbert
text: bellows like a lamb being led to the slaughter. He opens his hand and
text: the rabbit's foot drops! The last Jonathan sees of Cuthbert is his
text: head disappearing down Mbwun's throat.
text: Hobbes barks and whines in terror. Jonathan takes the leash and drags
dialog: the animal out.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM HALLWAYS - NIGHT
text: Jonathan and Hobbes tear down the hallway and disappear. Behind them
text: comes a roar so loud it rattles the walls.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS - SECURE STORAGE AREA - NIGHT
text: The door opens slowly and Pendergast appears. He shines his beam in
dialog: both directions.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
text: All clear.
text: Margo and Frock quickly come out. Margo holds the crate. Frock tries
text: to follow in his wheelchair.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: I'm coming with you.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No, Dr. Frock. You can't.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: You'd slow us down and put Margo in
dialog: danger.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Unlock one of the other storage
dialog: rooms. We're going upstairs. We'll
dialog: leave a trail back to 1012 and try
dialog: to trap the monster in here.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Margo, this is too dangerous. You
dialog: always think you can solve
dialog: everything. This time you don't have
dialog: enough information. The animal might
dialog: behave in unexpected ways.
dialog: (to Pendergast)
dialog: Leave her here with me. Don't put
dialog: her in danger.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: He's right.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No. You'll need me --
text: At this a LOUD SOUND comes from upstairs!
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Footsteps!
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No, not footsteps! People running
dialog: for their lives!
text: All three know this ends the discussion. Frock opens the door to room
text: 1010. Inside are shelves of priceless ivory tusks. Margo takes
text: Pendergast's handkerchief and wraps her hand. She quickly sprinkles
text: some of the fibers inside the door to room 1012. Before Dr. Frock
text: disappears into room 1010, he looks back to Margo one last time.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Come back and get me.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: We will.
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Remember, it has poor eyesight. It
text: hunts with its sense of smell. So
dialog: for God's sake, Margo, don't get
dialog: those fibers on your clothes!
scene_heading: INT. OSTEO PREP - NIGHT
text: Margo and Pendergast emerge from the hall to the storage rooms and run
text: for the far stairs. From somewhere above the sound of running is
text: louder now.
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM - NIGHT
text: D'Agosta and his group enter the large domed space in disarray.
text: They're spread out and panicked, the young helping the old. Dr. Pound
text: is finding it hard to keep up. Frank and his daughter Lauren bring him
text: along. The Mayor quietly urges people forward. His wife's face is
text: streaked with tears. Kawakita runs with D'Agosta.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: It's still back there!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I know.
text: Now a voice is heard in the distance.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST (OS)
dialog: Where are you? Who's there?
text: Everyone stops. D'Agosta shines his light into the large space. Above
text: them constellations glow. D'Agosta calls out...
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Pendergast!
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF NORTH AMERICAN MAMMALS - NIGHT
text: Margo and Pendergast run. Margo carries the crate carefully wrapped in
text: Pendergast's jacket.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: That was D'Agosta.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: The planetarium!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Vince!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA (OS)
dialog: Over here!
text: There's a double steel fire door at the end of the hallway. Pendergast
text: and Margo run for it. Pendergast shoves at the door. It won't budge.
text: There's a small glass window. In it, D'Agosta's face appears.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (through the window)
dialog: Pendergast! Help! It's right behind
dialog: us!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: This door's locked. Try shooting the
text: hinges off.
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM - NIGHT
text: D'Agosta turns to his group.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Step back!
text: D'Agosta, Frank and Kawakita aim their guns at the door and shoot
text: repeatedly. The shots echo wildly. The sound is terrifyingly loud. The
text: small glass window shatters. Then the men lean heavily on the door. It
text: still won't budge. D'Agosta looks through the window.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: It's no use. We have to get out of
dialog: here!
dialog: (to Kawakita)
dialog: Give them your walkie talkie.
text: Kawakita hands his walkie talkie through the window. Margo takes it.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Is Dr. Frock safe!
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Yes, he's fine. Greg... take care of
dialog: yourself!
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE NORTH AMERICAN MAMMALS - NIGHT
text: Pendergast looks desperately at the blueprints.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Is there another way around?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
text: No. The planetarium is in the next
dialog: cell. This is one of the fire
dialog: doors...
text: Pendergast returns to the window.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Vince? There's no way we can get to
dialog: you with the fire doors down.
dialog: There's an entrance to the sub-
text: basement in the hall off the north
dialog: side exit.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: The sub-basement?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I've been down there. It links up to
dialog: the old sewer system. I can guide
dialog: you out.
text: D'Agosta turns to the others.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: How much ammo do we have to make a
dialog: stand?
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: You're asking me? I don't even know
dialog: how to load this thing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Four rounds...
text: There's a movement of air... and a ripe, fetid smell.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Oh shit.
text: D'Agosta pumps his shot gun.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I smell it. It's here.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Go out the north exit! There's a
text: hallway and a false wall by the
dialog: Greek vases. Run!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Everybody. Get behind me.
text: The others move past. D'Agosta, Frank and Greg Kawakita hold the rear.
text: The group runs to the side exit to the planetarium and in a moment,
dialog: disappears.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE NORTH AMERICAN MAMMALS - NIGHT
text: Pendergast remains at the window watching anxiously. From the south
text: entrance to the planetarium, an ENORMOUS DARK SHAPE slinks into view!
text: Pendergast steps back from the doorway, turns to Margo.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Hide quickly!
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What are you going to do?
text: Pendergast checks his gun, totally calm.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Buy them some time.
text: Margo turns and looks around at the looming dioramas. There's a plain
text: door at their end of the hall. Pendergast faces the broken window.
text: HIS POV... the beast is slinking away after D'Agosta and the others,
text: headed to the north exit from the Planetarium!
text: PENDERGAST calls out...
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Hey you big tub of lard! Over here!
text: THE BEAST PAUSES, turns.
text: Pendergast puts his palms up at his ears, wiggles his fingers and
text: makes a face through the window.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Come on, you smelly pile of refuse.
dialog: Come get me. I dare you!
text: A LOW surprised GROWL comes from the beast. It crouches as if to
text: pounce. Pendergast makes more faces, sticks his tongue out. The beast
text: watches in silence, its evil eyes fixed.
text: ON MARGO... watching Pendergast. She can't leave him yet.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: What is it doing?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: (loud)
dialog: It's scared of me.
text: Suddenly there's a CRASH and the door BENDS like cardboard. TWO HUGE
text: SETS OF CLAWS lash through! Margo screams as the claws pass inches
text: from Pendergast's face. He leaps back, lifts his gun which looks like
text: a pea shooter in the face of Mbwun.
text: Two sets of claws curve around the bent edges of the door, then Mbwun
text: simply LIFTS it out of the frame. This leaves Pendergast face to face
text: with the foul, enormous monster! It regards him evenly, blinks once.
text: Then the tongue slides out, licks its lips eagerly and...
text: Pendergast FLICKS on his high powered FLASHLIGHT, shining it at close
text: range right in the beast's eyes! Then carefully, with total calm he
text: FIRES ONCE, TWICE. The beast howls more in anger than pain, REARS UP
text: and swipes at Pendergast. Pendergast dives to one side and, the claws
text: miss again by inches as the beast is temporarily blinded by the light.
text: Now Pendergast spins and runs for all he's worth. Margo's been
text: waiting, holding the door.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Drop the fibers!
text: She leaves the crate behind as Pendergast dives inside with her. Margo
text: shoves the door shut hard as Mbwun, still blinded, leaps into the
text: hall. But now, suddenly, all is quiet. No sign of Margo and
text: Pendergast. The beast moves forward, snuffling slowly. It starts for
text: the door which hides Margo and Pendergast, but stops as it finds...
text: THE CRATE! The beast moves to it, clearly surprised. It pokes at the
text: crate carefully, inhales the fragrance and grunts. The monster seems
text: to be struggling with itself! It sniffs the fibers, lifts a few out
text: carefully, then SHOVES THE CRATE AWAY HARD. Then it rises on its
text: haunches and squints into the dark.
text: On all sides are glowing displays of stuffed buffalo, gazelle, wild
text: horses, wolves, giant elk, sabre tooth tigers. Mbwun moves close to
text: one after another. Suddenly we notice, in the back of one of the
dialog: dioramas...
text: Margo and Pendergast! They stand frozen, crouching behind mannequins
text: of native Americans riding horses across the plains. The beast sniffs
text: RIGHT AT THEIR WINDOW, then turns away. Confused, it heads back
text: towards the Planetarium and slinks from the room.
text: INSIDE THE DIORAMA... Pendergast and Margo exchange an astonished look.
text: They whisper.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Its eyesight is worse than I
dialog: thought. It couldn't see us. And it
dialog: couldn't smell us through the glass.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: It didn't want the fibers. What does
dialog: that mean?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I think... it means it's full.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Then it won't go after the others?
speaker_heading: MARGO
text: No. It's still hunting, but not for
dialog: the hormones.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I think... for the pleasure of the
dialog: kill.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Greg, the Mayor, D'Agosta and the others are in a hallway lined with
text: at least a dozen vases. A GREEK VASE has been shoved aside revealing
text: the outlines of a door. Behind is a sloping dark corridor. The last of
text: the thirty-five people pack in. Greg and D'Agosta cover the corridor.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: That's it, let's go!
text: Grim-faced, D'Agosta follows Kawakita as they duck through the
text: doorway, shutting it behind them. The impact rattles the wall and the
text: Greek vase falls.
scene_heading: INT. SUB-BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Kawakita and D'Agosta reach the bottom and turn to see the Mayor, his
text: wife, Dr. Pound and their whole group standing in several feet of
text: rushing water. Lauren is shivering. Her father has his arm around her
text: tight. Behind them are two corridors, one forking left and the other
text: straight. D'Agosta gets out the walkie talkie, clicks it on.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: (into walkie talkie)
dialog: Pendergast. We made it. You all
dialog: right?
scene_heading: INT. DIORAMA - NIGHT
text: Pendergast has the plans open as he studies them. He speaks into the
text: walkie talkie. Margo paces behind him, thinking hard.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: We're fine. Take the left fork
dialog: behind you. You'll be in a straight
text: passage. When the hall forks again
dialog: in fifty yards go right. Then radio
dialog: back.
scene_heading: INT. SUB-BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: D'Agosta shuts off his walkie talkie. Everyone's staring at him.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: All right. Kawakita, cover the rear.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Oh shit.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, Lieutenant. He's not a good
dialog: enough shot. I'll do it if you take
dialog: care of my daughter.
text: D'Agosta nods. Frank expertly reloads. D'Agosta holsters the walkie
text: talkie and they plunge down the left hand passage. Kawakita takes
text: charge of Lauren, who is confused and terrified. The tunnel has a
text: slight downhill grade, and the water begins to move faster, tugging at
text: everyone's legs. People slip and slide as they half make their way
text: down the hill. D'Agosta calls behind them.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Damn. It's getting deep. See
dialog: anything?
text: ON FRANK... back not far from the first fork. He looks towards the head
text: of the tunnel, calls out...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You'll be the first to know.
text: Frank turns and plunges after the others. But then suddenly, he stops.
text: ON D'AGOSTA... he reaches the second fork and takes a right. This
text: tunnel is narrower and consequently the water is even deeper. Slimy
text: plants hang down and slap at their faces as they push on. D'Agosta
text: pulls out his walkie talkie.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Pendergast? I made the right hand
dialog: fork. We're already in about three
dialog: feet of water. Where should we go?
text: But before Pendergast can answer, D'Agosta hears the loud report of
text: Frank's gun! Everyone freezes in the darkness. The walkie talkie
text: cackles and D'Agosta shouts!
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Hello!
speaker_heading: FRANK (OS)
dialog: Sweet Jesus, help!
text: They hear SPLASHING in the water. Lauren SCREAMS, tries to run back.
text: Kawakita grabs her. There's more thrashing water and then silence.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Frank! Are you all right!
text: D'Agosta starts for Frank but the Mayor catches his arm and holds him.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: It's too late!
text: Everyone waits, staring into the darkness. Still no answer. Lauren
scene_heading: SCREAMS AGAIN.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Dad!
text: D'Agosta turns his flashlight on the water. It's running red! He spins
text: to the Mayor, points down the tunnel.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Run!
text: People start to cry and whimper as the Mayor urges them on. He takes
text: charge of Lauren. Only Greg Kawakita stays with D'Agosta. They stand
text: shoulder to shoulder and completely alone. Thrashing in the water can
text: be heard as the beast comes closer. There's a low, pleasurable growl!
text: Both men lift their guns.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: On three.
text: Kawakita nods. Behind them in the tunnel is total blackness. Ahead is
text: equally dark. The noise of their friends gets ever fainter. The water
text: now rushes half way up their thighs. Kawakita's teeth start to
text: chatter. He bites them shut, steadies his gun.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: One... two...
text: Silence as the water murmurs. D'Agosta holds the count. A long,
text: agonizing moment. Kawakita takes his eyes away from the tunnel.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: I think it's gone.
text: Suddenly a HUGE CLAW snakes out of the water right in front of them
text: and the beast roars up! It was beneath the surface, directly before
text: them! The claw closes on D'Agosta and his shot gun goes off. D'Agosta
text: screams as the beast lifts him towards its mouth!
text: For one horrible moment, Kawakita is frozen. Then he leaps forward,
text: shoves the barrel of his gun behind D'Agosta, right in the beast's
text: open jaws! He pulls the trigger and the shotgun explodes, the recoil
text: throwing him back, ass over tea cups in the water. With a roar of pain
text: the monster drops D'Agosta and retreats in the dark. D'Agosta grabs
dialog: Kawakita.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I think you took its tonsils out!
text: They haul ass down the tunnel, firing behind them as they go. Ahead is
text: another fork. The group is waiting. When they see D'Agosta and
text: Kawakita, a cheer goes up.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Which way!
text: As he runs up, D'Agosta grabs for his walkie talkie. The holster IS
text: EMPTY, the walkie talkie gone! Without missing a beat he registers
text: what's happened, then covers it up with the next breath. He points to
dialog: the right as if there's no doubt and says...
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: This way!
text: D'Agosta exchanges a look with Kawakita, who understands exactly what
text: happened. As they plunge into the right tunnel, Greg mutters...
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Holy shit.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE AFRICAN MAMMALS - NIGHT
text: Pendergast and Margo come out of the door leading to the back entry to
text: the dioramas. Pendergast holds the walkie talkie, desperate.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Vince? Can you hear me? Vince!
text: Nothing but static comes in response. Margo paces in agitation.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: We have to try and draw it off!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: MARGO
text: The answer's right in front of us.
text: She points to one of the dioramas. It shows a bird being stalked by a
dialog: fox.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: That's a ptarmigan, feigning a
text: broken wing. The bird pretends to be
dialog: injured to draw the fox away from
dialog: its nest!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: (starts running)
dialog: It's deceptively simple. Like a
dialog: Bruckner Symphony or a Matisse.
text: Margo heads for the Planetarium, calling...
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Help! Please someone! Help!
text: They disappear down the hall with the Greek vases, both calling with
dialog: all they've got.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM ROOF - NIGHT
text: There are increasing numbers of SWAT vehicles around. A HELICOPTER
text: lands on the roof. The rescue effort continues to be slowed by rain
text: pouring down. Ippolito is in the thick of the action. The S.W.A.T.
text: commander, JENNINGS, comes over buckling an ammo belt over his
dialog: fatigues.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: We're ready. We've got enough
text: firepower to turn a herd of lions
text: into a fine red mist.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: Then do it.
text: Jennings nods, goes off. As Ippolito watches the S.W.A.T. team break
text: the glass skylights, gets ready to go in.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE REPTILES - NIGHT
text: Jonathan crouches in the staircase at the end of the Hall of the
text: Reptiles. Hobbes is still by his side. He keeps the gun pointed out
text: into the room, his eyes scanning the dark. He whispers to Hobbes, as
dialog: if to comfort both of them.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: It's okay, Hobbes. We'll be all
dialog: right. Help has got to come
dialog: eventually... We'll make it. We'll be
dialog: fine.
text: Suddenly he sees something. What appears to be a BODY lying on a glass
text: case! Jonathan pumps his gun, approaches slowly. The man wears a
text: tuxedo, is lying very still. As we get closer we see it's THE DRUNK
text: Kawakita ran into in the stairwell so long ago! He suddenly HICCUPS.
text: Jonathan starts. Now the man gently snores. Jonathan moves to him,
text: shakes the drunk's shoulder.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hey! Wake up!
text: The man snorts, opens his eyes and frowns.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You first.
text: Jonathan helps the drunk off the glass case. The man's a little
text: unsteady as he tugs at his tux.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: I got lost tryin' to find the
dialog: bathroom. I was walkin' in circles.
dialog: I lay down for a nap. What's going
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You wouldn't believe me if I told
dialog: you.
text: Hobbes has started to wag his tail and tug at the leash to draw
text: Jonathan's attention.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What is it, boy?
text: From above comes the beating of a distant HELICOPTER and then the
text: sound of breaking glass. Hobbes pulls Jonathan back to the staircase.
text: Jonathan grins, follows behind with the drunk.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Where we going?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I think we're going home.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE DINOSAURS - NIGHT
text: Huge skeletons of Tyrannosaurus, Stegosaurus and Brontosaurus loom in
text: the darkness. Rain is pouring in. Jonathan, Hobbes and the drunk
text: enter, looks up to the sky lights. A FLASH OF LIGHTING hits,
text: illuminating the dinosaurs and a S.W.A.T. team which is descending on
text: a series of ropes. It's a sixty foot drop. Jonathan steps forward.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hello! We're over here!
text: They run across the long hall and wait as the the men descend. The
text: first one down is Jennings.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: Are you hurt?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: We're fine. I don't know about the
text: people downstairs. In the Hall of
dialog: the Heavens. The basement... you'll
dialog: need help. There's a monster down
dialog: there.
text: A sling suspended on ropes is lowered down.
speaker_heading: JENNINGS
dialog: The rescue workers will lift you out
text: one at a time.
text: Jennings signals to a group of five men, heavily armed and in flack
text: jackets. They prepare to get the drunk out.
scene_heading: INT. HALL WITH GREEK VASES - NIGHT
text: Pendergast and Margo are at the top of the long, narrow shaft.
text: Pendergast's flashlight sends a circle of light onto a sheet of black,
text: oily water below. Both of them continue calling, trying to draw off
dialog: the monster.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Help someone!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Oh God! Help!
text: They suddenly hear the sound of splashing. An updraft rustles their
text: clothes. Margo sniffs the air, turns to Pendergast.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: You smell that?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: It's coming. Run.
scene_heading: INT. SUB-BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: The group has reached another intersection of tunnels. The left fork
text: turns back uphill. D'Agosta indicates this tunnel.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: At least we'll be dry.
text: They all press forward in the low vaulted darkness. As they move
text: steadily upwards the water recedes. Kawakita's flashlight flickers and
text: he bangs it. It comes on again.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: I believe in you a hundred percent,
dialog: Vince, but that's the second time
dialog: we've been at that intersection.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Not so loud.
text: D'Agosta shines his light forward and they see that the shaft ends in
text: a large round PIPE.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: All right everybody, hold up!
text: Kawakita and D'Agosta move past the shivering people who are strung
text: out along the sides of the tunnel. D'Agosta touches each person as he
dialog: passes.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: We don't know what's in there. Let
dialog: me go first.
scene_heading: INT. PIPE - NIGHT
text: The Mayor follows behind with the group as Kawakita and D'Agosta lead
text: the way. The pipe is dry and rusted. They move forward with stealth.
text: In twenty feet the pipe ends abruptly in darkness. D'Agosta steps out
dialog: first.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERN - NIGHT
text: The group huddles at the mouth of the pipe, confused, as D'Agosta pans
text: his flashlight around the huge space. The walls are carved out of dirt
text: and rounded like a cave. From the ceiling hang huge cobwebs. There's a
text: large pile of sticks in one corner fashioned rather like a bed. On a
text: mound of dirt beside this bed rests a battered duffel bag.
text: Greg moves to it, shines his light on the side. A name is written in
dialog: marker.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: What does it say?
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: (looks up, shocked)
dialog: Dr. John Whittlesley.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: What's that doing here?
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: I don't know. I thought Dr.
dialog: Whittlesley died in South America.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Look. There's a ladder at the end. I
dialog: think it goes up to the street!
text: They move forward into the darkness eagerly, towards the ladder which
text: leads up to a manhole. But as they pass the bed of twigs, something
text: loud CRUNCHES underfoot.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: What is that?
text: D'Agosta shines his light down and everyone freezes. Then one woman
speaker_heading: SCREAMS!
text: The wide dirt floor around them is carpeted in clean white BONES! The
text: HUMMING noise is louder and we see its source. Atop the bones is the
text: body of CUTHBERT! It's covered with BLACK DERMESTID BEETLES. They're
text: stripping the skeleton clean, devouring the flesh!
text: The group panics and breaks for the ladder. Kawakita and D'Agosta once
text: more guard the rear.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Dear God. Where are we, Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: I'd say we're in its home.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE NORTHWEST COAST INDIANS - NIGHT
text: Pendergast and Margo run down the long dark room, passing an enormous
text: hollowed-out canoe. As they exit the far end, the dark shape of Mbwun
text: emerges. It leaps forward, closing in fast.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ASIAN PEOPLES - NIGHT
text: Margo and Pendergast enter a series of maze-like room with hidden
text: corners, nooks and crannies with cases full of esoteric Buddhist and
text: Japanese Art. They're running through the twists and turns as fast as
dialog: they can.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: We're not going to make the storage
dialog: room!
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Listen to me, Pendergast. Mbwun's
dialog: DNA is part homo sapien. In
dialog: primates, the eye is a direct path
dialog: to the brain! If you get a clean
dialog: shot, there's only one place you can
dialog: kill it. Shoot it in the eye!
text: AT THIS THEY ROUND A CORNER AND MBWUN LEAPS OUT! It circled ahead and
text: was waiting in front of them! The animal swipes at Margo and
text: Pendergast. The force of the monster's blow sends Margo reeling and
text: slams Pendergast into the wall. He falls, crumples and drops his gun!
text: The case beside him SHATTERS spewing relics, as Mbwun pushes past.
text: Pendergast groans and gets to his knees with difficulty.
text: MARGO is frantically crawling away in the dark! The beast makes a low
text: sound of pleasure and reaches out one claw, easily pins her down.
text: Pendergast looks frantically for any kind of weapon!
text: ON MARGO now PINNED BENEATH the heaving body of the monster!
text: Powerless, she looks up into the horrible face of death as Mbwun
text: raises an enormous claw! Pendergast, desperate, cries out --
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Please, no! Don't hurt Margo!
text: Oddly enough, the beast pauses for once. Talking to the damn thing is
text: the one tactic no one has tried! The claw halts in mid-air. The beast
text: blinks once and looks from Pendergast to Margo. Margo sees a flash of
text: something unexpectedly HUMANin its eyes! In astonishment, she
dialog: whispers...
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: My God. You understand.
text: As they stare, amazed, imperceptibly, the beast appears to narrow its
text: eyes in response! Margo controls her voice, keeps it even.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Please let me go. We won't hurt you.
text: A strange noise comes out of the monster. A low, confused growl. He
text: doesn't loosen his grip on Margo, but he leans down to look at her
text: closer with one green, unblinking eye.
text: She struggles not to turn away in revulsion. His enormous jaws are
text: right near her throat. Everything is very still. And then...
text: A BARRAGE OF FIRE breaks out! The S.W.A.T. team is in the doorway,
text: laying down everything they've got. The creature ROARS as if betrayed,
text: leaves Margo and LEAPS UP. It barrels down on the S.W.A.T. team, picks
text: up Jennings and SPIKES HIM TO THE GROUND. Jennings hits the floor with
text: his neck at a crazy angle. It snaps like a twig. The other men drop
text: back. Mbwun follows, tearing through the men, cutting a deathly swath!
text: Pendergast moves to help the S.W.A.T. team. Margo struggles to her
text: feet and her hand touches the wall. Beside her is a FIRE HOSE in a
text: cabinet! In a split second Margo hauls it out, throws a switch and
text: gets a BLAST OF WATER. She turns it on the beast as it grabs for
text: Pendergast. The force of the water is enormous. It pushes the monster
text: out the end of the hall.
text: Pendergast runs towards her, takes the hose and holds it.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Run!
text: She takes off blindly in the maze-like room. From somewhere behind her
text: she hears a horrible HOWL.
text: ON MARGO... as she twists and turns through the rows of display cases,
text: tearing blindly in the dark. Ahead is a door. She dives through it and
dialog: finds she's in...
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM - MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: A row of mirrors and urinals line the wall. It's a huge room, designed
text: to handle crowds of visitors. Margo ducks into one of the stalls as
text: MBWUN crashes in. Margo looks through a crack in the door to see...
text: THE ANIMAL AT FULL STOP. IT'S STARING AT ITSELF IN THE ROW OF MIRRORS!
text: The sight appalls it and the beast lets out a hideous sound! The claws
text: lash out, breaking every mirror in the place, littering the floor with
dialog: glass!
text: Then the beast turns and backs up, groaning, as if cornered. Margo
text: sees now that one limb is dragging, leaving a trail of blood. The
text: mouth, too, appears to be bleeding. The S.W.A.T. team's bullets had an
dialog: affect.
text: Margo presses back in the stall, bracing as the beast gets closer.
text: It's just outside. It sniffs the air once and suddenly turns, rears
text: up, furious and crashes through the bathroom door. Margo screams and
text: the thing grabs her! It holds Margo up before it and roars. It closes
text: its massive claws around her as if she is somehow responsible for
text: everything. The claws tighten! She struggles and fights to no purpose
text: ... but then the beast pauses... it's seen something!
text: THE NECKLACE WITH TWO ARROWS AROUND HER NECK!
text: It stops and its grip loosens! A pained look flashes across its
dialog: bestial face...
text: And in that split moment Margo looks down...
text: A NECKLACE OF SILVER gleams around the beast's throat too! The
dialog: necklace is the twin to her own!
text: ON MARGO... Can it be possible? She stares at the thing...
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: John's necklace! You killed him!
text: Incredibly the beast shakes its head. A noise comes from it... a sad
text: noise, like a groan. And now Margo gets it! She can hardly believe it.
text: Her eyes widen in astonishment. She whispers...
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Oh Jesus. John?
dialog: The name is a knife through the monster's heart!
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No. It's not possible!
text: The last piece of the puzzle falls. The monster is John Whittlesley!
text: Margo, still desperately frightened, tries to keep control.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: John? If it is you... I can help.
text: The monster shakes its head no and releases her. As she watches he
text: moves away, quickly limps out the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE ASIAN PEOPLES - NIGHT
text: Mbwun now drags himself across the grey carpet, headed for the stairs.
text: In the darkness of the hall of Asian Peoples, Pendergast is waiting.
text: He lifts one of the S.W.A.T. team rifles which he holds in his hands.
text: He aims, is about to fire, but then Margo comes up behind him.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No! Don't kill him! Pendergast, you
dialog: were right. It's John!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: That thing is John Whittlesley. I
dialog: should have seen it before! The
text: fibers are infected with a virus.
dialog: You eat them, and the virus alters
dialog: your DNA! He became addicted to them
dialog: in South America, followed the
dialog: plants back to the states. He
dialog: probably entered the country as a
dialog: man. It would have taken several
dialog: months for the change to take place.
dialog: That's how he got from the boat to
dialog: the museum!
text: Pendergast looks over and sees the monster. His eyes show disbelief.
text: Mbwun looks back at both of them briefly, then it disappears up the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: You have to! Listen! All viruses
dialog: pass on their own DNA. Instruct the
dialog: cells of the host to make more
dialog: viruses! This one was different. It
dialog: inserted a whole array of genes into
dialog: John. Reptile genes, sixty five
dialog: million years old. Those genes
dialog: remade him! It's not his fault!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Whatever that thing is, we have to
dialog: kill it!
text: Margo tries to stop him, but he shrugs her off.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM ROOF - NIGHT
text: A helicopter hovers outside pouring a circle of light down on the
text: roof. Ippolito watches as the drunk is pulled up through the hall in a
text: sling. Waters approaches, holding the walkie talkie.
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: We can't raise the S.W.A.T. team. No
dialog: one's answering! What do you want to
dialog: do?
text: Ippolito eyes are fixed on the room below them.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: Holy shit. Pull him up.
text: Lightning throws horrible shadows of the hulking dinosaur skeletons
text: all around as MBWUN LIMPS INTO THE HALL! The men on the roof stare
text: down astonished. Their mouths hang open at the sight!
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: Get more guns! Now!
text: The men get the drunk up and abandon the sling, leaving Jonathan
text: trapped below.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE DINOSAURS - NIGHT
text: Jonathan and Hobbes take cover behind one of the dinosaurs and hide.
text: Mbwun sees Jonathan, lifts both claws, SWINGS at the skeleton, sending
text: it crashing down! Jonathan SCREAMS, Hobbes is caught and falls. He
text: scrambles into a corner, whimpering, as Pendergast and Margo appear in
text: the door. Fifteen more S.W.A.T. team members with rifles now line the
text: hole in the roof. They all point their guns at Mbwun.
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: Get back! We're going to shoot!
text: Now Margo runs forward.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No. Wait! Let me talk to him first!
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Kill that thing! Kill it now!
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No!
text: MBWUN... turns and sees Margo. She speaks desperately.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: John... you can give up now! Just lie
dialog: down where you are!
text: Mbwun seems to consider for a moment, but then its eyes gleam and it
text: ROARS. With renewed vigor it leaps to the wall and starts to WALK UP
text: IT like a GECKO, ON ALL FOURS! ON THE ROOF...
text: Some of the S.W.A.T. team fall back in terror! Now that the monster is
text: on the wall it's out of range of their fire!
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: Holy shit it's coming this way!
speaker_heading: IPPOLITO
dialog: It's headed for the roof. Run!
text: Ippolito turns and takes off once more in sheer terror. Astonished,
text: Waters tries to regain control.
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: Get back here, you asshole! We can't
dialog: let it get out!
dialog: (to the S.W.A.T. team)
dialog: Surround the opening and kill it!
text: But the men are terrified, retreating like Ippolito. Waters shouts.
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: Back, everybody! That's an order!
text: But the team is in chaos and losing precious time.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE DINOSAURS - NIGHT
text: The MONSTER is now half way up the wall. Margo is distraught, crying.
text: Her cool demeanor is cracked. Pendergast is with her. She shakes her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Just like John. He won't listen.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I have to shoot.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Do it, quickly. Please. Aim for the
dialog: eye.
text: Pendergast raises a HIGH POWERED RIFLE with a laser sight. He aims the
text: red laser beam directly at Mbwun's left eye.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: He has to look here or I won't get a
dialog: clear shot. Call him, Margo.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I can't!
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: You have to. Do it now!
text: Margo takes a moment, her eyes streaming. She has no choice, she calls
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: John! John, look at me!
text: The beast looks down, sees Pendergast's rifle. There's a long, awful,
text: moment. Suddenly it emits a sound like a wail.
text: ON JONATHAN... staring, stunned.
text: PENDERGAST... steady...
text: MARGO... She's crying as she raises her arm as if to say good-bye.
text: And the gun EXPLODES.
text: ON MBWUN... its head shoots back in pain, and it falls... sixty feet
text: straight down to the ground. Silence. Thunder rolls.
text: It's over. Pendergast turns to Margo and quietly folds her in his
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: There are cops and journalists, ambulances, and medivacs all over the
text: place. Greg Kawakita, wet and bedraggled as a rat, runs up from
text: Columbus Ave. Behind him the Mayor and D'Agosta help the rest of the
text: company to the ambulances.
text: Waters is on the steps of the museum, helping to organize the rescue
text: efforts as Kawakita runs up to Pendergast.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Margo Green. Have you seen her?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: She's over here.
text: Greg turns to see Margo come out of the Rotunda with Frock, Jonathan
text: and Hobbes. Her face is devastated. He moves to her side. She reacts
text: as she sees him, and teacher and pupil hug.
text: D'AGOSTA is lost in the swirl of people. And he likes it like that. He
text: rests against a large stone lion, pulls out a cheap cigar in
text: cellophane, unwraps it carefully and tries to light it with a wet
dialog: match.
text: He's struggling hopelessly. Finally he tosses the useless pack of
text: matches, sighs. But then a flame lowers right before his face. He
text: looks up to see Pendergast holding a silver engraved lighter. D'Agosta
text: smiles, takes a nice long hit.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Nice to see you, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: The sub-basement, huh? Great idea.
text: We go to a wide shot of the museum as we slowly pull back...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM - DAY - SUPER TITLE: SEVERAL MONTHS LATER
text: Christmas decorations are up. A light snow is falling. There is a very
dialog: long line.
scene_heading: INT. NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM - GIFT SHOP - DAY
text: All the registers are doing a booming business. People are buying
text: Mbwun posters, t-shirts and hats.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERSTITION EXHIBIT - DAY
text: School tours, old ladies, parents and children, foreign tourists with
text: cameras snake through the displays. In the room with the Relic,
dialog: there's a tremendous crowd.
scene_heading: INT. MARGO'S LABORATORY - DAY
text: Margo closes her computer, looks out a window at the falling snow. She
text: turns and walks into the back office. Kawakita is working there alone.
text: His fly-fishing rod stands in the corner, untouched. Margo goes to it,
text: smiles softly.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: No time for fishing anymore?
text: Greg looks up from his work and smiles.
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Got to finish this thesis sometime.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: How about lunch?
speaker_heading: KAWAKITA
dialog: Not today. Besides, I think the
dialog: director of the museum is expecting
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Okay.
text: Margo exits. Greg returns to his work.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS - MUSEUM - DAY
text: Margo heads down the hall to the Director's office. She walks through
text: the new double oak doors to find DR. FROCK seated at Cuthbert's old
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Dr. Frock?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: Look who's here, Margo.
text: PENDERGAST and D'AGOSTA rise out of two high-backed chairs. Margo
text: smiles for the first time, takes Pendergast's hands.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: I'm so glad to see you. What's the
dialog: occasion?
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: I'm in town on a case. Dropped by to
dialog: see Vince and we thought we'd see
text: the new display.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF THE SOUTH AMERICAN MAMMALS - DAY
text: Margo, Pendergast, and D'Agosta follow Frock past the familiar
dialog: dioramas.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: Dr. Frock, I was wondering. What
dialog: happened to the rest of
dialog: Whittlesley's plants?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: They were sent to the Center For
dialog: Disease Control in Atlanta.
speaker_heading: D'AGOSTA
dialog: Shouldn't a drug that powerful be
dialog: destroyed?
speaker_heading: FROCK
dialog: The virus itself might have positive
dialog: applications. They'll keep the
text: plants in secure lock up while the
dialog: studies are made.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Greg isn't joining us?
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: He's changed. He's always working on
text: his thesis. He comes in early, stays
dialog: late. I tried to get him to join us,
text: but he never takes a break.
text: They pause on a NEW DIORAMA. It's huge, filling one entire end of the
text: hall. In the center is a life-sized representation of MBWUN standing
text: on the tepui amid the plants. Behind is a painting of John Whittlesley
text: as he once was. He wears the necklace with the two arrows, of silver
text: and gold. As Margo looks, she touches her own. Pendergast turns to
text: her, sympathy in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PENDERGAST
dialog: We did the right thing, Margo.
text: Margo smiles warmly.
speaker_heading: MARGO
dialog: Yes. I know.
scene_heading: INT. MARGO'S LABS - DAY
text: Greg Kawakita wears gloves, high powered glasses, works in solitude in
text: the lab. Suddenly he stands up, throws off the glasses, then he sits
text: down again. He seems to be struggling with himself. He glances over
text: his shoulder to make sure he's alone. Quickly he moves to a locked
text: drawer. He opens it with a key from his pocket and takes out a small
text: envelope, looks inside.
text: INSERT... the envelope is full of the PLANT FIBERS! Greg has managed to
dialog: keep his own cache!
text: Moving quickly, with jerky motions, he lays one fiber down on a slide
text: with a shaking hand. With an exacto knife, he cuts off a tiny sliver,
text: pops it into his mouth. He closes his eyes in ecstasy and savors the
text: taste. Then he cuts one more infinitesimal sliver, leaves it on the
text: slide. He takes a deep breath, returns the envelope to the drawer. He
text: turns the key carefully and we GO CLOSE ON HIS HAND...
text: On the back is A ROW OF SCALES...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
dialog: 
