speaker_heading: The Parallax View
dialog: By
dialog: Lorenzo Semple, Jr.
dialog: Based on the novel by
dialog: 
dialog: Loren Singer
dialog: 
dialog: c®@
dialog: Nee
speaker_heading: oN
dialog: ee ee te ee eee see een tant Shatin laa »
dialog: 
scene_heading: "THE PARALLAX VIEW"
scene_heading: ExT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: It's RAINING hard. We look out through the wet side window
text: of a car parked on an overpass, above a long flat straight.
text: HEADLIGHTS of another car come toward us down the highway,
text: from total darkness, refracted by the trickling rain on the
text: window into a parallactic double image. ‘There's a BANG! like
text: a tire blowing. The lights swerve and skid, with a brief.
text: staggering CRASH of steel and glass pile head-on at 75mph
text: into cement abutment of the overpass. Then SILENCE settles
text: again, and OVER THE PICTURE these words appear:
text: "MAN'S IMAGE IS NOT ONLY THAT OF
text: GOb, IT IS ALSO THAT OF SATAN. . ~
text: THE IMAGE IN THE ASCENDANT NOW
text: CANNOT BE KNOWN TO US. PERHAPS
text: * GOD'S IS NOT THE TRIUMPH IN OUR
scene_heading: TIME. -
dialog: ~-From The Handbook For
dialog: Emplovees, the Bureau
dialog: Of Social Structure."
scene_heading: EXT, BLACKTOP ROAD - Day -
text: A_ STATE POLICE CAR pursues a sedan at speed, siren and
text: flashers going. .Around a curve with tires screaming, then
text: the sedan brakes abruptly and pulls to a stop on the shoulder.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. STOPPED SEDAN
text: In the mirror the DRIVER watches TWO YOUNG TROOPERS getting
text: out of their car behind. He reaches out to his right,
text: unobtrusively unlatches the passenger-side door. Then he
text: gets a PISTOL from the glove compartment and slips it out
text: of sight under road map open on the seat beside him.
text: Sitting cool and eaSy, he watches the lst Trooper stop
text: back of his right rear fender. He pats his pockets, makes -
text: a sheepish show of searching for a wallet as the 2nd Trooper
text: comes on up to open window.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Wouldn't you know? I don't have
dialog: it on me. :
speaker_heading: so 2nd TROOPER’
dialog: Step out, please.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OO
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: , DRIVER
dialog: Out of the car? What for?
speaker_heading: 2nd TROOPER
text: dust get out. Not too fast.
text: Driver about to protest, but then he sees Trooper's hand go
text: down to holster. Driver pops his eyes in kind of scared
text: surprise, obediently fumbles at the door handle. That's his
dialog: last fumble. :
text: Like a steel spring he throws himself back flat on the seat
text: and with both feet kicks driver's-side door Savagely open
text: into gut of Trooper standing at it, and keeps on rolling
text: right out through unlatched door on other side, and lands
text: in a crouch with that gun in his hand and FIRES point-blank
text: at Trooper back of fender, and spins around in front and_
text: FIRES AGAIN at 2nd Trooper writhing windless on blacktop
dialog: where door slammed him. . :
scene_heading: CU - THE DRIVER . |
speaker_heading: ~ DRIVER
dialog: Oh sweet hell. .
text: "PAST PULL BACK as he turns. ‘Now we see a STATE POLICE BUS
text: parked just beyond where sedan stopped. There are a DOZEN
text: ROOKIE TROOPERS standing in the road, watching in some awe.
text: The driver, who is LIEUTENANT FRADY, lowers his blank-
text: cartridge pistol fairly disgustedly.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Each of you. Write me five
dialog: reasons that would never happen
dialog: to you. That's all.
text: Prady shakes his head again at the Trooper still down on
text: the blacktop, steps over him and gets back into car.
scene_heading: INT. STOPPED SEDAN
text: Prady slams the doors and starts the engine and turns on
text: his radio. He picks up its microphone, blows in it.
scene_heading: . . PRADY
dialog: One=niner to Central. Leaving
dialog: training area. Anything up?
scene_heading: . 1 . RADIO VOICE
dialog: Hello, One-niner. Victim in that
dialog: wreck last night on I-Seven been
text: identified. Tucker, Michael.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FRADY -
dialog: Rings no bell. Should it?
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Morgue just called. They found a
text: Slip in the guy's pocket -- with
dialog: your name and address on it.
text: Frady' s surprised for an instant, but it's hard to tell.
text: He never shows much expression.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'll look at him. One-niner out.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY HOSPITAL - LOBBY - DAY
text: ANDREW WINSTON gets out of an elevator. Well-dressed man in
dialog: youngish 50s. It won't surprise us when we learn he's a»
text: college professor. Winston is crossing to go out front doors
text: when he meets Frady coming in. They both stop.
speaker_heading: - WINSTON
dialog: Lieutenant. : ,
speaker_heading: FPRADY
dialog: Answer's still No.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Please. Listen to me. I don't
dialog: excuse what he did, but he's one
dialog: of the best students I've ever.
dialog: had. Really exceptional.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: That I'll buy. ' Point one~five -
text: drunk and stoned -- and tries to
text: slug a trooper with a bottle.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I'd call the last score settled,
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I just saw him, and I wonder --
dialog: would your men have beaten him
dialog: quite so badly if he wasn't black?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Charges of brutality must be put
dialog: in writing. .
dialog: cone,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: . WINSTON
dialog: Just wondering.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Walk along with me a minute.
text: Prady heads for a door beside elevators. Winston falls in
dialog: with him.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL BASEMENT LEVEL - DAY
text: They emerge from a stairwell. As Frady starts to lead
text: around a corner, Winston stops. CAMERA PANS to a sign on
text: the wall. It says "MORGUE" with a pointing arrow.
speaker_heading: WINSTON AND FRADY
speaker_heading: . WINSTON
dialog: What's the idea?
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: Wilcox is upstairs in the prison
dialog: ward with a busted head. I'm
dialog: showing you where he ought to be.
dialog: (as Winston just
dialog: . stands there)
text: He was in a stolen car. He made
text: a move at an officer. He's very
dialog: "lucky and the charges don't get
text: aropped.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: But he has -- he had -- such a
dialog: really great future.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Lots of us had.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Not that I like this tack -- do
dialog: you know who I am?
text: A beat. PFrady's tone goes even flatter.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Andrew Winston. Professor.of
dialog: American History up at State U.
speaker_heading: . WINSTON
dialog: Before that.
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: Yes, I know the position you had.
dialog: Go on.
dialog: 
dialog: ad 1%
dialog: .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: WINSTON ~
dialog: I had some influence, Lieutenant.
dialog: in fairly high places. I might
dialog: be able to turn it on again.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Do me the favor of my life. Try
dialog: that.
text: Frady's eyes bore into him. Winston turns and exits up the
text: Stairway. Frady continues on his way.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE AREA - DAY
text: An ATTENDANT sits at a desk outside double swinging doors.
text: He has a cold cigar butt in his mouth and is mentally jacking
text: off over an open Playboy mag. Frady comes up behind him.
speaker_heading: N
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You'll grow hair inside your
dialog: skull.
dialog: (as fellow looks up)
dialog: Visitor for Tucker, Michael.’
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Let's hope he's in.
text: Attendant gets up. MOVE with him and Frady through the
text: swinging doors. Chilly air in the morgue-proper hits
text: Frady and makes Him immediately sneeze.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Pardon.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: No sweat. Nothin' bothers the
dialog: guests in this hotel. Let's see
dialog: now -- Mr. Tucker's suite -- :
text: They've reached wall of big pull-out drawers. CAMERA DROPS
text: with Attendant as he locates one in bottom tier. Typed card
text: in slot says: "TUCKER, M."
scene_heading: . . ATTENDANT
dialog: We're in luck. Ain't got his
dialog: Do Not Disturb sign out.
text: CAMERA TILTS UP as guy rolls out the drawer. Frady squints
text: down, not enjoying the o-s. view one bit.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Face familiar?
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FRADY ~
dialog: Not a bit.
speaker_heading: te ATTENDANT
dialog: It's a shame.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: I mean all I get is guys who've
text: done head-on's at a hundred into
dialog: bridges. Never nothin’ like out
dialog: of Playboy. .
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Boy. I'd sure hate my sister to
dialog: wind up around here. .
text: Frady pivots quickly and EXITS SHOT.
dialog: ,
scene_heading: EXT. STATE POLICE HQ - DAY”
text: ESTABLISH a good modern building in open countryside.
text: ‘Terrain is fairly flat, with a haze of high mountains in
text: _ extreme distance. It could be eastern Colorado. Frady
text: parks his sedan in an official slot in front and goes
dialog: into the building. - . . .
scene_heading: INT. STATE POLICE HQ - DAY
text: As Frady walks along, a young UNIFORMED TROOPER passes
text: him in opposite direction, carrying some papers. He
text: makes funny knowing eyes at Frady and lets out a low
text: WHISTLE. Frady stops.
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: Corporal Harmon.
scene_heading: a 7 CPL. HARMON
dialog: Sir? :
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Why you whistle at me, Harmon?
speaker_heading: CPL. HARMON
dialog: I was just whistling, sir.
text: That's not persuasive, but Frady loses interest.
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: Okay, Harmon. Get going. 'Fore
dialog: | I run you in for mopery with
text: ‘ “intent to gawk.
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Harmon unstiffens and gets going quick. Frady turns a
text: corner. We can read lettering on the closed door at end
text: ahead of him: "CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION DIVISION. LT, FRADY.”
scene_heading: INT. FRADY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Frady enters and stops short, like seeing a ghost.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: A GIRL is standing by the window. Her name is HILDY. She's
text: in her early 30s and quite attractive enough to explain Cpl.
text: Harmon's whistle, and her attempt to hide her obvious uncer-
dialog: tainty isn't very good.
speaker_heading: RILDY
dialog: Hello, Frady. Surprise.
speaker_heading: CU = FRADY / ,
text: He just looks at her.- His eyes are strangely cold. Then
text: his eyes go off her as ANGLE LOOSENS. Making a point of
text: not looking at her, he hangs his jacket on a hook but
text: . heaves on his shoulder holster as he goes to desk and yanks
text: open a bottom drawer.
speaker_heading: . FPRADY
dialog: How you get in here?
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Said I was engaged to you.
text: No look, no comment. Frady takes a bottle from the drawer.
text: Antique label says “Sloane's Horse Liniment," but it's
text: probably not that because he uncaps it and drinks a slug.
speaker_heading: . ’ HILDY
dialog: I had a heck of a time finding
dialog: you. I never dreamed you'd be
text: a policeman.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Me neither.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: I'm terribly glad you are..
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: I‘tm glad you're glad. Why?
speaker_heading: . HILDY
dialog: It's the damndest thing. It's --
dialog: Look at me, won't you?
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: oy
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ~
text: He won't. He sticks bottle away, wipes mouth with back of
text: hand, starts shuffling papers on his desk.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Talk of damnedest things. Your
dialog: first name's Hildy, but in --
dialog: ‘let's see -- ummm -- in nine
dialog: years, I've forgot your last.
speaker_heading: HILDY -
dialog: Miller. Look at me.
speaker_heading: FRADY :
dialog: Hildy Miller -- don't you know
dialog: why seeing you makes me so sad?
dialog: ™
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Of course. I don't like to be
dialog: reminded either. :
speaker_heading: FPRADY .
dialog: Then what's the score?
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Someone wants to kill us, Prady.
speaker_heading: CU = FRADY ,
text: He turns his head at last. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Us.
text: WIDEN to include Hildy. She looks at him fixedly, neds in
dialog: the most serious way you ever saw.
speaker_heading: . PRADY
dialog: Wants to kill you and me.
dialog: (gets another
dialog: nod)
dialog: The both of us. Murder us.
dialog: (and another)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: I don't know.
text: Silence. Frady's lips are suddenly ary. He wets them and
text: looks down again, continues shuffling papers. Hildy comes over
text: and leans toward him with her palms flat on the desk.
speaker_heading: CONT,
dialog: 
dialog: ay
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: You should ask why.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: That'd be dumb.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: We were together just one night
dialog: and one morning. It couldn't be
dialog: the night, so it's gotta be <=
dialog: (after a beat,
text: low and halting) .
dialog: 11:12 ayem. Where we were.
dialog: What we saw. The -=- uh -=- Jesus,
dialog: and I swore I'd never think of :
dialog: it again’=- the -- uh -- damn,
dialog: I don't like to say it even --
dialog: the assassination. ,
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Yes. :
text: It has been said and answered. The word hangs there like a
text: little hissing snake. More silence. Frady still looks down,
dialog: shuffles papers. : .
speaker_heading: - HILDY : ~
dialog: Go on. Ask questions. -
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Ummmn. You still flying with.
dialog: the airline?
speaker_heading: HILDY-
dialog: Yes. Why?
speaker_heading: : FPRADY
dialog: Been in any crashes? Had any
dialog: mental treatments?
text: Hildy's mouth opens. Frady jabs button in his INTERCOM BOX,
text: speaks quickly into it:
speaker_heading: , _ PRADY :
dialog: Prady here. Lady in my office
dialog: can't find her way out. Send
dialog: - Harmon in to help her.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: ay
dialog: ©
dialog: ra)
dialog: ey
dialog: 9A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : , ‘
speaker_heading: : - HILDY
dialog: Look -- I'm not kidding -- I
dialog: can show you evidence, I can --
speaker_heading: : PRADY
dialog: No. You look. Guys who pick
dialog: up airline girls for romantic
dialog: weekends deserve any trouble
dialog: they get, but this one's too
dialog: sick for me. Go find a good
dialog: shrink.
speaker_heading: * HILDY
dialog: You damn male chauvinist! Wait
dialog: till you hear from Mike Tucker!
speaker_heading: CU - FRADY a ~
text: He blinks just once. The prices have changed a little.
speaker_heading: PEATURE HILDY
text: Beside herself with indignation, she grabs her purse and
text: heads for door. She's in the hall before Frady catches up
dialog: behind. If.you didn't know better, you might think from
text: his tone that he was only mildly interested.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: FRADY :
dialog: Who's Mike Tucker?
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: He's a man! You might believe
dialog: hin! we
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You figure he'll contact me.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Probably not, Lieutenant. He's
dialog: on their list too. I bet they'll
dialog: murder him while you're still
dialog: standing with your thumb up it!
speaker_heading: FRADY ~
dialog: Where you staying?
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Motel. The “OK Corral." What's
dialog: it to you? :
dialog: Had a bum day. Sorry how I been.
dialog: Stay in and I'll stop by after -
dialog: supper and look at your evidence.
speaker_heading: HILDY .
dialog: You're humoring me, Frady. You . .
dialog: ~ won't stop by. .
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: Policeman's honor.
speaker_heading: .HILDY
dialog: (still burning)
dialog: Dumb crack about guys who pick up
dialog: airline hostesses -- man, you can
dialog: put that triple in reverse!
text: Cpl. Harmon is coming down the hall. Hildy doesn't wait
text: for him. She zooms past him and Harmon looks at Frady
text: questioningly. Frady shuts the door in his face.
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO WRECKING YARD - DAY
text: Remains of dead cars are piled all over., We find one wreck
text: on a hoist a couple’ of féet above the ground, its four
text: wheels removed. It looks the way a car should look after
text: it has gone head-on at speed into a concrete abutment.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: oy
dialog: il.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Frady prowls around it, examining it closely. He's studying
text: the bulged-out smashed windshield when a YARD MAN comes up.
speaker_heading: YARD MAN
dialog: We got the rubber off the rims.
dialog: What's left of ‘em.
text: Frady walks across a little way with the Yard Man. The four
text: wheel rims lie on the ground, stripped of tires. Frady
text: squats down by the pair of them which are knocked egg-shaped.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: These are the fronts, huh?
speaker_heading: YARD MAN .
dialog: Yuh. What you lookin' to find :
dialog: exackly?
dialog: ~™
speaker_heading: PRADY
text: Dunno exackly.
dialog: . (as guy watches)
dialog: Thanks. You can get back to work.
text: Yard Man gets the idea. He walks away. Prady turns the
text: wheels on the ground, studying the hollow inside of rims
text: where the tires used to be set. He pauses suddenly, with
text: narrowed eyes. :
scene_heading: CLOSER - WHEEL RIM :
text: There's a regular little indentation in one of them. A
text: small punched-in holiow in the steel, like could have been
text: made by a rifle bullet. fFrady sticks a forefinger in it.
text: PAN to the other wheel rim. It lies with its bent oval
text: shape matching the first, but there is no iittle hollowed
text: indentation in this one.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FRADY .
dialog: - :
text: He gets up. What he's discovered is thought-provoking.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to a WIDE ANGLE. We see Frady deep in
text: those thoughts, walking up and down in front of terrible
text: heaped wasteland of junk.
dialog: ' SLOW MIX TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. - THE CAPITOL BUILDING - DAY
text: The junkyard has slewly become this gleaming edifice. It
text: stands in the sunlight as a TROOP OF SCHOOLCHILDREN mount
text: the steps, debouching with their guides from buses parked
text: below. The kids are suitably solemn and awed by it all.
dialog: Z
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: ( INT. CAPITOL - A HEARING ROOM - DAY .
text: It's not a big one. A session is in progress: some sort of
dialog: House Appropriations Sub-Committee affair. There's a scat-
text: tering of PEOPLE in the seats, watching and listening.
text: EDWARD TRUMBULL sits in the witness seat. He's a very well-
dialog: tailored type in his 40s: they didn't break the mold after
text: they made Dean Acheson, evidently. Facing him over the big
text: paper-strewn table are SEVERAL CONGRESSMEN. The CHAIRMAN
text: is a small Southerner, string-tied and rimless-glassed. The
text: . pencils in front of him are very sharp, and we know from his
text: i eyes that he is a fierce guardian of the public purse.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: Correct me if I am in error, suh.
dialog: Your name is Edward Trumbull.
dialog: You are the Director of the Bureau
dialog: of Social Structure.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL ~
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN :
dialog: I presume you know the purpose of
dialog: this hearing, Mr. Trumbull?
scene_heading: < , . : TRUMBULL
dialog: Toe Yes, sir. To examine my bureau's -
dialog: request for funding in the coming
dialog: fiscal year.
text: a Congressmen look at papers in front of them. Fellow next
text: : to Chairman makes a face and whispers something. Chairman
text: nods, addresses himself again to the witness.
speaker_heading: . CHAIRMAN
dialog: . Some of us aren't quite clear as
dialog: - to the function of your department,
dialog: . Mr. Trumbull. Could you help us?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: With pleasure, sir. The Bureau
dialog: of Social Structure was organized
dialog: in 1958, during the Eisenhower
dialog: administration, under PL 10451
dialog: dash 2. It is charged with -- I
dialog: quote -- the continuing study of
dialog: social structures as developed
dialog: within the United States as made-
dialog: by its.citizens in response to
dialog: conduct of the Federal Government.
dialog: \i
text: -A beat of awkward silence. One Committee Member bites
text: peevishly on his cigar.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: THAT MEMBER
dialog: Worst gobbledygook I ever heard.
dialog: What's that mean in English?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: (charmingly) .
dialog: I sympathize, sir. The language
dialog: of that era often was obscure.
dialog: Let me explain it ‘another way --
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: . (banging gavel)
dialog: No, suh. You will not.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN _ o™
dialog: Gentlemen, allow me to draw some
dialog: amazin' facts to your attention.
dialog: It's on that sheet you all have,
dialog: (as they look) ,
dialog: In each and every year since it
dialog: was started, this Bureau has
dialog: requested somewhat less money
dialog: than it received the year before.
dialog: Not only that, it has moved on
dialog: four occasions into smaller
dialog: quarters and operated with fewer :
dialog: . personnel. I find this record
dialog: usnique and without precedent
dialog: in my experience. Speaking for
dialog: myself, therefore, I don't give
dialog: a dang what this whatchamacallit
dialog: Bureau does -- just wish there
dialog: was more like it. All in favor?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE COMMITTEE
dialog: Aye! .. :
speaker_heading: : CHAIRMAN
dialog: Mr. Trumbull suh, your Bureau's
dialog: request for funding is approved
dialog: as made.
dialog: (bangs gavel again)
dialog: Step over here, please, and we'll
dialog: all shake your hand --
text: Trumbull rises with‘a debonair smile, leans across and
text: starts shaking hands. The people in the seats applaud.
scene_heading: \ SLOW MIX TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: EXT. A GUNFIGHT - NIGHT
text: Congressmen magically become figures on a cute ANIMATED NEON
text: SIGN. They walk each other down along multicolor tubing and
text: draw guns and little neon bullets zap out and everyone falls
text: dead. They start it again as CAMERA PULLS BACK. Old-
text: fashioned light bulbs spell out name over the endless neon
text: Slaughter: "OK CORRAL MOTEL." We see Frady entering the
dialog: lobby. .
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL LOBBY ~- RECEPTION DESK - NIGHT
text: Frady leans on counter as CLERK checks registration file.
text: Frady is in usual civvies, of course, but he is well known
dialog: in these parts. :
speaker_heading: . CLERK
dialog: 114. Nothing wrong, is there? -
scene_heading: PRADY . ~
dialog: Not I know of. Do you?
scene_heading: WITH FRADY .
text: Getting quick headshake, he heads away toward exit to room
text: area. The super-cornball lobby depresses him. Clerk and
text: _ rest of staff affect phony cowboy gear. Frady pauses a
text: moment by souvenir stand, watching a YOUNG MAN buying a
text: dreadful little lamp made of cactus with a plastic cowboy-
text: hat shade. His eyes ask how could anyone want such a thing.
text: The Young Man sees Frady and winks at him.
speaker_heading: . YOUNG MAN
dialog: Light to make love by. Bang
dialog: bang.
text: Frady hurries on. He hears PIANO MUSIC. It comes from
text: entrance to bar. Sign over archway naturally says:
text: “Black Bart's Saloon.“ fFrady angles over and looks in.
text: There's a surprisingly nice GIRL playing piano, just
text: finishing a song. Frady eyes his watch.
speaker_heading: IN THE BAR
text: Frady enters the dim-lit place, goes up to the fairly
text: crowded mahogany counter.
scene_heading: . BARTENDER. |
dialog: What's yer poison, pard? Spot
dialog: o' redeye?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: (not amused)”
text: Jack D.. Water on the side.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: _ is.
scene_heading: CONTINUED : .
text: He peels off a buck and goes to the piano. Despite her cool
text: greeting, the Girl's eyes are glad to see him.
speaker_heading: * GIRL
dialog: Some nerve, ol' .pig.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Yuh, I know, I should've called,
dialog: Claire -- I been busy -- out of
dialog: town on something --
dialog: (enough lies)
dialog: What you doin' later?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Supporting my local police?
text: Frady nods, pleased. He goes back toward bar. . ~
scene_heading: FULL SCREEN - PROJECTED SLIDE PHOTO
text: It packs a big wallop. It's a grainy enlargement of a POLITICAL
text: ASSASSINATION. It's no particular event that we can identify
text: in time or place but it has elements of all of them. The VICTIM
text: is turned away so we cannot see his face, but a piece of his
text: skull is obscurely detached and seems to be taking wing.
text: A FLASH of that, and a small o.s. CLICK SOUND, and we get _
text: ANOTHER SLIDE. Same event from a different angle, seen perhaps
text: three seconds later. The victim is falling now, though we
text: still NEVER SEE HIS FACE, and there is a fine spray that must
text: be blood, and the PEOPLE AROUND are now perceiving. Mouths
text: opened in existential terror as in Munch's painting of a scream.
text: Just a PLASH of that one too, and the o.s. CLICK and we get a
text: third slide. This one will remain a while. It shows same
text: unspeakable event from yet another angle. A group of SPECTATORS
text: watching from some distance. Setting might be a PUBLIC PARK.
text: The feature of it is this: perhaps TWENTY SPECTATORS in the
text: frozen shot, all but three of whom have had their faces CIRCLED
text: IN BLACK INK on the negative with VARIOUS DATES INKED ALONGSIDE.
text: Dates like 12/9/64 and 4/19/65 and so on. The THREE PEOPLE at
text: extreme right hand edge of slide are NOT CIRCLED AND DATED.
text: These are ONE MAN by himself, and a BLURRY COUPLE who seem to
text: have been holding hands as the photographer caught them.
text: NO SOUND for a bit, just o.s. BREATHING, and then:
dialog: : - . ’
speaker_heading: CONT.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: " 1Sa.
speaker_heading: HILDY'S VOICE
dialog: I guess you saw this when it
text: came out in the magazine.
dialog: Who didn't?
speaker_heading: PRADY'S VOICE
text: Hildy walks up INTO SHOT in front of PROJECTION and indicates
text: the BLURRY UNCIRCLED COUPLE at right edge.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: You realize this is us.
scene_heading: INT. HILDY'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Showing this curious photo being projected on a wall from.a
text: little home-slide gizmo. The room is pretty well dark,
dialog: wae
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: pS drapes over patio doors pulled shut. Frady walks up and
text: inspects the photo closer. His voice is totally neutral.
dialog: Could tell it was 25 you, maybe «
dialog: But the guy's too urred,
dialog: wouldn't know him. Don't think
dialog: anyone would.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Frady.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: . Okay. It's us. .
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Tucker sent me this a couple of
dialog: weeks ago. He's a magazine writer.
dialog: He was planning one of those
dialog: Where Are They Now things. So he
dialog: did some research and he found --
dialog: _ What do you think the dates are?
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: - . - . I don't want to think.
text: 7 . (as she just waits
text: and looks at him)
dialog: Obituaries?
speaker_heading: HILDY
speaker_heading: oO
text: On the nose.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: . All of them?
speaker_heading: oF
speaker_heading: HILDY ’
dialog: . Right again, Frady.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Impossible. How?
speaker_heading: € : HILDY
dialog: Accidents.
speaker_heading: FRADY ’
dialog: (broken record) .
dialog: All of them?
speaker_heading: : HILDY
dialog: Every one. Maine to California.
dialog: Tucker dug in and found every one
dialog: was listed a closed-case accident.
dialog: Here's a copy of his notes.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: ay
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
text: Hildy picks up a sheaf of typewritten xerox copies from
text: bureau top. She hands them to him. He takes them like
text: they were red hot. He frowns, reads the heading of top
dialog: sheet aloud:
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: “Arthur Faversham. Drowned while
dialog: fishing. Salmontail River, Idaho."
speaker_heading: HILDY :
dialog: That was the last one. Now there's
dialog: just Tucker and us. How's it feel?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: What feel?
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Being on the wrong side of the
dialog: fence. Having someone after you.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON FRADY
text: He doesn't reply, stares at the sheet. Hildy comes over
text: to him.
dialog: yo, HILDY -
dialog: Go to Idaho. It wasn't so long
dialog: ago. See what you can find.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: . Another state. Not my turf.
speaker_heading: : HILDY
dialog: Go anyway. What's to lose? It
dialog: beats being a sitting duck. .
text: FPrady rubs back of his neck. He tosses notes down on bed
text: and flicks off the slide projector and crosses to turn up
dialog: air conditioner.
dialog: | PRADY .
dialog: Making me hot. Dumb coincidences
dialog: always make me hot.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Coincidence, huh?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Oh coma on. You know it. ° '
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: HILDY
text: _ She marches over and turns the projector on again as Frady
dialog: turns in b.g. :
speaker_heading: BILDY .
dialog: Look again. The dates, Left
dialog: to right.
scene_heading: ON THE PROJECTION
text: CAMERA JUMPS from circle-date to circle-date, stitching them
text: left to right. HOLDS suddenly.
speaker_heading: . FRADY'S VOICE
dialog: Sonofabitch. They're in order!
text: CAMERA JUMPS BACK and retraces pattern. We see now if we~
dialog: didn't before: the dates are indeed in exact calendar order.
scene_heading: INCLUDE FRADY AND HILDY
speaker_heading: HILDY ,
dialog: Right again, Frady. Seventeen
dialog: people die in perfect order from
dialog: left to right -- one after the
dialog: other, not one. out of order.
dialog: You call that coincidence?
text: Frady can find nothing to say. Stares from projection to
text: Hildy and back again, sits on edge of bed. As Hildy turns
text: on room lights and kills projector herself, PHONE RINGS.
text: She picks it up quickly. - -
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Yes? -- I see. Thank you.
dialog: (hanging up)
dialog: Tucker was going to meet me here
dialog: today. Hasn't showed up, and
dialog: he's not where he lives either.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Sonofabitch.
speaker_heading: HILDY .
dialog: You said that before. Now say it
dialog: doesn't make sense,
speaker_heading: . ' FPRADY
dialog: Shit. We were just out for air.
dialog: We didn't even know the guy was
dialog: coming through. Those conspiracy
dialog: theories are crocks of shit. But
dialog: i ‘even if there was one, how could
dialog: you and me be invelyed?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 1s.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: We were on that damn grassy knoll.
dialog: Someone thinks we saw something.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: But we didn't.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Of course -- but they don’t know.
dialog: So they're killing everyone, just
dialog: to be sure. That's what Tucker
dialog: and I decided. Beat that idea
dialog: with a better one.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: fry Tucker as a psycho. . :
speaker_heading: RILDY NO
dialog: He isn't. ,
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Try him. He's got this old slide
text: ‘ and some ink and a case-of galloping
text: _ paranoia. The rest is in his head,
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: You've got his notes. You're the
dialog: detective -- check them out.
speaker_heading: ° FRADY
dialog: Sounds more like a job for the FBI.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: You darn fool -- Tucker went to
dialog: them already. ©
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: And guess what.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: They wanted to fit hin a strait~
dialog: jacket.
scene_heading: HILDY . .-
dialog: Exactly! .
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Okay. I'm taking the slide and.
dialog: these notes. I'll get back to
dialog: you after E look 'em over.’ :
text: He picks the stuff up and heads for ‘the door, fairly abruptly.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: ” CONT.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Frady -- .
dialog: (when he turns)
dialog: I'm seared. They could be.on my
dialog: trail.
speaker_heading: Lo PRADY
dialog: -Assuming there is a “they.”
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: Of course there is. And you
dialog: should be scared too. Because
dialog: if they're after me, now I've led
dialog: them to you.
speaker_heading: FRADY :
dialog: I doubt it.
speaker_heading: HILDY
dialog: How can you say that?
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: You went to the police. No one
dialog: could guess you went to a policeman.
dialog: I'm a tree hid in the forest.
text: She comes closer to him, her eyes begging. :
speaker_heading: - HILDY
dialog: I'm still scared, Frady. Please.
dialog: — I -- I don’t feel much like being
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Take a nice hot bath and chain the
dialog: door. Not to worry. I'll call you.
text: He's gone before she can Say 2 thing more. Alone, she does
text: look scared. She slips the door chain in its slot.
scene_heading: INT. CLAIRE'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Frady sits alone under a lamp. He wears shorts only, sips
text: a drink as he broods over xeroxed notes he took from Hildy.
text: Low from RADIO comes a farm and commodity report. It gives
text: the time as something after 3 a.m. Frady puts the notes
text: down suddenly, eyes a telephone. .
text: He changes his mind. CAMERA WITH HIM as he crosses and looks
text: into bedroom. We glimpse Claire sprawled under sheet, sleep-
text: ing contentedly. Her dress. and things are scattered on the
text: floor. Stealthy, Frady goes in to get his own clothes, which
text: are laid out neat on a chair.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: CU - A SILENT PORTABLE RADIO
text: It shimmers, and we realize it is UNDERWATER. The CAMERA-
text: PULLS UP a bit. Now we see that radio lies on bottom of
text: _ a bathtub, with its cord plugged into an outlet beside
text: washstand. Hildy Miller lies in the tub too, face down,
text: her hair floating on the surface like a funeral wreath.
text: Some small SOUND o.s. and ANGLE SHIFTS again. Frady appears
text: in bathroom doorway . NIGHT CLERK is behind him, with a pass-
text: key. The guy's pasty face comes unglued.
speaker_heading: NIGHT CLERK
dialog: Holy mother.
scene_heading: INT, STATE POLICE HQ - ANOTHER OFFICE - DAY
text: This one belongs to CAPT. RINTELS. He reads a report as
text: Frady sits studying the rug. : :
speaker_heading: RINTELS
dialog: You knew her. She's passing
dialog: through and calls you. Why you
dialog: look so guilty?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Well, I -- I walked out on her
dialog: about 9 p.m. If I'd stayed, it
dialog: wouldn't of happened.
speaker_heading: RINTELS
dialog: Sure. And if the moon was made .
dialog: ’ of green cheese.
dialog: 7 (scans report again)
dialog: It was an accident. Everybody's
dialog: been questioned. You not hiding
dialog: any facts, are you?
text: A beat. Frady shakes his head and stands up.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Nothing definite.
dialog: (starting out)
dialog: Forget it, Captain.
speaker_heading: RINTELS
text: Not so fast. Sgt. Dreben tells
dialog: me you said to hang a wiretap on
dialog: Carlton after the court denied
dialog: an order.
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: The bastard deals H. You know it
dialog: and I know it. Ask me, the judge
text: is getting his cut.
text: . . CONT.
dialog: m
dialog: a
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: RINTELS .
dialog: My God, Lieutenant. I think you
dialog: must be cracking up.
text: Another beat. Frady's expression changes.
speaker_heading: . . FRADY
dialog: Yuh. I do feel kind of bushed.
dialog: How 'bout a few days leave to go
dialog: fishing?
speaker_heading: RINTELS
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: Request granted. Get lost.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN COUNTRYSIDE - BY A RIVER - DAY :
text: The river runs through dark sweet. pines, joined here by a
text: smaller stream. The waters have carved a shelf into rocky
text: outrap, and under it is a wide black pool.
text: CAMERA finds Frady, in old clothes, lying at the end of
text: that shelf and gazing down. Swirl of water, a fish rising,
text: and as it jumps from the surface suddenly the SCREEN FLARES
text: ALMOST WHITE and over the residual image these words appear:
text: “NATURE IS THE PROPER TEACHER OF
text: MAN. IN THE LIFE CYCLE OF EACH
scene_heading: SEED AND ANIMAL ARE PRIZED LESSONS
scene_heading: IN AUTHORITY, COURAGE & DISCIPLINE.
dialog: -- cee --The Handbook, Bureau
dialog: Of Social Structure."
text: Words FADE OUT as key returns to normal. The fish is
text: vanished. Frady works himself back from the ledge.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD NEARBY - DAY
text: Prady, in jacket and waders, stands at open trunk of car
text: parked on shoulder, setting up his fly rod. It is not
text: the police sedan he drove before. Frady looks down at a
text: map lying open in the trunk. We see it over his shoulder.
text: Highly detailed local job, with legend printed at top:
scene_heading: “IDAHO. NORTH FORK SALMONTAIL. SHEET 4." We may recog-
text: nize the confluence of river and side stream just seen.
text: Below it, an arrow has been marked in ink. Frady shuts
text: the trunk lid, walks toward the river with rod and creel.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - FRADY FISHING - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: He works his way expertly downstream along a gravelly bar.
text: Shadows grow longer: it becomes SUNSET. Frady is touching
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: ot
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: Qo
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: up his dry fly, smoothing wings, when he seems to sense
text: something. He turns his head slowly.
text: PAN to stand of pine behind him. MOVE IN CLOSER on it.
text: Motionless figure of a MAN there, watching from just
text: inside the trees. The setting sun at his back renders
text: the figure an anonymous silhouette. .
speaker_heading: ON FRADY :
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Howdy! You lookin' to see my
dialog: license?
scene_heading: INTO PINES
text: No answer. Figure is so still we begin to doubt it, but.
text: then it moves and melts away into the trees. ~
speaker_heading: -FRADY
text: Continues peering a bit, then turns back to river.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE MOTEL - EVENING
text: Rundown old place. Weatherbeaten cabins beside a frame -
text: house that serves as office too. Sign welcomes hunters
text: and fishermen, but no sign of anyone staying here, just
text: the owner's pickup parked by the house. Frady drives in
text: and gets out of car, still wearing his fishing jacket.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL OFFICE - EVENING
text: It's just a desk area in front hall. Frady finishes fill-
text: ing out registration card as motel owner watches him. He
text: is HENRY PELIKAS. Seems a friendly soul, glad to have
text: someone to chat with in this obviously failing place.
text: Prady hands him registration card.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: {eyeing it)
dialog: John Harmon. Once knew a fella
dialog: named Harmon.
dialog: i
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: That's interesting. Anywhere
dialog: nearby to eat?
dialog: . .
dialog: . > . ‘ CONT.
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: y
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: PELIKAS -
text: Greasy spoon about half a mile.
dialog: Or I could give you a bowl of
dialog: lamb stew here if you wanta take
dialog: a chance. Wouldn't mind havin'
dialog: company, to be frank.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Thanks. Me neither. It's seven
dialog: bucks, right?
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Right. Pick a key.
text: Frady peels off money, turns to board where keys hang.
speaker_heading: FRADY :
dialog: (picking it) . ~
dialog: Lucky seven. :
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Well, maybe. Or maybe not so.
dialog: (as Frady looks a ,
dialog: question)
dialog: . . . Nothin'. Skip it. I guess you
dialog: - want to wash up; I'll get going
dialog: . dn the kitchen... oo
scene_heading: INT. FRADY'S CABIN - BATHROOM - EVENING
text: Frady stands at the mirror beside tin shower stall, a towel.
text: around his middle, giving himself a go-over with an electric
text: razor. Propped on little shelf in front of him is one of
text: those xerox sheets from Hildy's legacy. It's the same one
text: he looked at in her room. As Frady studies it again, we can
text: read the heading typed in caps. “ARTHUR FAVERSHAM. DROWNED
scene_heading: WHILE FISHING. SALMONTAIL RIVER, IDAHO.”
scene_heading: INT. PELIKAS KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Nice and cozy. Frady and Pelikas sit at the table, with
text: bowls of stew and mugs of coffee. Pelikas can talk with
dialog: his mouth full or empty. se :
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Fishing's held up better, than the
dialog: hunting. Nowadays, you let go a
dialog: round in November, you're like to
dialog: put a hole in a eight-thousand-
dialog: dollar camper with four beds and
dialog: a color TV. And if you did find
text: a bear, he'd sit up and beg for
dialog: peanut butter and jelly. But the
dialog: fishing's okay. cont
dialog: ©)
speaker_heading: O
dialog: €
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: I'm glad. I always heard so much
dialog: about this river from my friend
dialog: Art Faversham.
text: Pelikas reacts, stares at Prady.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Oh Jesus. That's what I meant
dialog: about lucky seven, maybe. He was
dialog: staying here. In the very same
dialog: cabin you're in, didja know that?
speaker_heading: CU = FRADY
text: He looks suitably startled, lowers his fork. ANGLE LOOSENS.
text: Pelikas has reached for a canister labeled “Flour” and re-
text: moved top, taken out a bottle of brandy. Pours a dollop>
text: -into FPrady's coffee mug.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: O£ course I'll move you now.
speaker_heading: FRADY .
dialog: Thanks.. It's okay. I mean it was
dialog: - a damn shame, but -- way I look at -
dialog: it, least he went doing something
dialog: he liked. Beats old age and cancer.
speaker_heading: . PELIXAS
dialog: . Well, yeah. That is a way to look
text: at it.
speaker_heading: , FRADY
dialog: I always been Curious, though. - Art
dialog: was no greenhorn on rivers.
speaker_heading: PELIXAS
dialog: Hell. Old days, there'd be maybe
dialog: one gone a season, this stretch.
dialog: You mean you don't know the setup?
text: (as Frady shakes head) .
dialog: What happens is, there's this big
dialog: reservoir up in the notch, say here,
dialog: for the power company --
scene_heading: CLOSER ON PELIKAS
text: - Moving sugar bowl to demonstrate, arranging utensils as he
dialog: goes on:
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS _ .
dialog: Don't draw enough water out, it
text: backs up, so they open the sluice
dialog: there and that overflow comes down
dialog: like a wall. You're standing let's
dialog: say here, where the side stream
dialog: runs through this here little gorge,
text: there's about a four-foot drop
dialog: anyway, and you're caught there --
dialog: you're gonna drown, green horns or
dialog: blue.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Isn't there any warning system?
speaker_heading: PELIKAS -
text: Oh sure. Big signs, and a siren
dialog: and bells. And there's this : ~
dialog: watchman, kind of, who hangs along
dialog: the xiver. That's Buster Meyer.
dialog: Not that he's-worth much on the
dialog: job anymore. Bought a new car,
dialog: bought a four-hundred-dollar
dialog: Browning shotgun. Son of 2 bitch
dialog: come into money some way.
text: PUSH IN on Frady. He freezes with coffee mug halfway to
text: lips, narrows eyes fairly theatrically.
speaker_heading: * PRADY °
dialog: Don't tell me -- it happened just
dialog: after my friend Art had his accident.
speaker_heading: INCLUDE PELIKAS
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Yep, it did. What you mean?
speaker_heading: ra FRADY
dialog: Art didn't hear the warnings --
dialog: because someone screwed 'em up.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Art was rich. His wife's a sexpot
dialog: twenty years younger. Then this
dialog: so-called watchman comes into
text: heavy bread.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Pelikas stares at Frady, fascinated by this touch of
dialog: melodrama. :
speaker_heading: \ PELIKAS
dialog: You from the insurance company?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Nope. Just a friend. But I
dialog: wouldn't mind a talk with Buster
dialog: Meyer.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: . He's zat-ass mean, Mr. Harmon.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Jack, to you.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS ~
dialog: Henry.
speaker_heading: : " PRADY
dialog: Could you fix it for us to talk?
speaker_heading: . . PELIKAS
dialog: Sure. .Easy. I. could take you to
text: the bowling tomorrow night.
dialog: (very worried)
dialog: But I mean he is mean, Jack. He
dialog: figures you for any ideas, you're
dialog: taking some chance.
text: Frady has finished eating. He stands up with a grin.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I took one on your stew and it
dialog: paid off, Henry. Maybe I'm on
dialog: a streak.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Okay. I'll fix it.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Thanks, Henry. But listen -- you
dialog: breathe a word I'm asking questions,
dialog: you'll have an accident yourself.
speaker_heading: : PELIKAS
dialog: Hell. . I'm like a gravestone.
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: r~
dialog: ey
dialog: Q
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: OPEN CU on one of those WARNING SIGNS Pelikas mentioned.
text: CAMERA PULLS to reveal the narrow gorge and four-foot
text: Niagara described last night. Frady is on a big jutting
text: slab at the side, above the little falls, casting down into
text: turquoise pool below. He has just reeled in when Pelikas
text: emerges from trees behind. He has a shotgun slung on his
text: back and carries a paper~sack.
speaker_heading: . PELIKAS
dialog: How's the luck?
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: all with the fish.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Feel like eating, Jack, I brung
dialog: you up some lunch.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Hey -- that's very nice.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON FRADY
text: Coming in on the rock, catching the sack which Pelikas
text: tosses to him. He pulls out a sandwich.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: You give everyone this service,
dialog: Henry, you'll lose a --
text: Sudden BLAST OF SIREN from upstream. Frady spins. Its
dialog: loudness is really startling in this narrow gorge. Then
text: a GONG starts sounding, and they go together for a bit,
text: and then both DIE AWAY as startlingly as they began.
text: Prady takes a bite of his sandwich, staring. upstream
text: toward source of sound, in some awe. CAMERA IN on him.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: My God. No one could miss that.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: You'd think not.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Now I really want to talk with
dialog: Meyer.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: There isn't any Meyer, you’know.
text: Very quiet, that last. Offhand. But Frady gets it instantly.
text: He's aware of his own mouth opening in mid-chew, the bite of
text: liverwurst and bread lying against his lower teeth as his
text: - head turns.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: @
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INCLUDING PELIKAS
text: He has that shotgun unslung now. “It's a new Browning. ~
text: Frady chokes, spits out his mouthful onto the rock.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Don't do anything, now. I don't
dialog: want to shoot you now. :
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'm a police officer. Drop your
dialog: weapon!
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Shit. You got about two minutes.
text: Warning goes once more, then the
dialog: third time you're in the drink
dialog: like your pal Art. Big casino.
speaker_heading: FRADY a ~~
dialog: You penny-ante cracsy. :
speaker_heading: - PELIKAS
dialog: Been called a lot worse for a lot
dialog: - . less. . -
text: . . FRADY .
dialog: What'd you do it for, two hundred
dialog: cash? | .
speaker_heading: PELIKAS .
dialog: . FPifty-two-thousand five. Plus I
dialog: - oughta get a bonus for you.
text: Very simplicity of his tone says that Pelikas is telling the
dialog: truth. This is rather worse than Frady thought. He feels
text: the blood draining from his face. .
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Who from? -
speaker_heading: ° PELIRAS
dialog: Don't be a sap.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Who's paying you?
speaker_heading: , PELIKAS
dialog: Aw come on. I told you. I'ma
dialog: gravestone,
text: Fury of SIREN AND GONG echoes briefly through gorge again,
text: dies away.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: oy
dialog: a
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ; PELIKAS
dialog: Next one's wet, Jack.
text: Prady shakes his head, changing his tack.
speaker_heading: YX
speaker_heading: FRAD
dialog: It's a bad joke. You wouldn't
dialog: believe me if I told you.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: What? -
speaker_heading: G . FRADY
dialog: . . I liked you so much last night.
dialog: Way you shared with me. I was
dialog: trying to think:of something I .
dialog: could do for you, Henry. ~
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Just shut up, that'll do for me.
dialog: Till I get my bonus. .
speaker_heading: FRADY :
dialog: Bonus. Shit! Tiil they put a
dialog: slug in the back of your head!
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: No sir, Jack. Parallax folk 'd
dialog: never --
dialog: cU = FRADY woe, eat ete
text: As Pelikas bites that off.
speaker_heading: FRADY *
dialog: Who? Parallax? Who would never
dialog: what?? .
scene_heading: ON PELIXAS :
text: He's a gravestone. He glances at his watch quickly, then
text: up the river. Takes a step forward, the shotgun leveled.
speaker_heading: ON FRADY
text: The passing seconds are drowning him.' With an easy little
text: movement, he reaches to touch the fly reeled up against
dialog: tip ferrule of his rod. . :
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Don't do that!: I want that fly
dialog: tied on there!
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: (2
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: I'm meant to been fishing, Henry,
dialog: there should be more line out.
dialog: Goofs like that take a fella to
text: the gas chamber.
scene_heading: SHOTS - FRADY AND PELIKAS
text: Pelikas hesitates an instant, then nods.
speaker_heading: PELIKAS
dialog: Okay. Little more line out.
text: Frady drawing out line, lazily, and then suddenly it's like
text: with the rookie Troopers as he backhand-slashes rod over
text: Pelikas's eyes and dives at his ankles. Big BOOM! of shotgun
text: as Pelikas goes down, and now SIREN AND GONG start again, and
text: second barrel goes BOOM! and from upstream a SOUND LIKE SURF.
text: They grapple grunting, Frady's fingers still dug into ankle,
text: and then Frady is up on knees, yanking up as if at a lever.
scene_heading: PELIKAS AND THE RIVER ,
text: The man is poised a beat, limned against frothy wali of water
text: rushing down, crest boiling with small rocks and brush. Then
text: with a SCREAM, still clutching gun, he flips into the wave. -
text: Head bobs up, gets smashed hideously into rocks. One foot
text: in air, tumbling, and Pelikas has vanished.
speaker_heading: ON FRADY
text: Watching the wild riverrun, its crest gone down the gorge.
text: Frady rises from hands and knees. He kicks the bag and
text: remains of sandwich into the drink, picks up rod and creel,
text: and walks away from the scene.
scene_heading: INT. PELIKAS HOUSE - DAY
text: Prady's over the desk in front hall. He pulls out all the
text: drawers and gives them a quick search... He finds nothing of
text: special interest. He turns and goes upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - DAY
text: Frady stands a moment, getting the room's vibes. He's a
text: pro at this. He goes to bureau, pulls out the right top
text: drawer, pushes aside socks and stuff. There's a cheap
dialog: revolver under them. This Saturday Night Special neither
text: surprises nor interests Frady. He leaves it as it was,
text: crosses and throws mattress off the bed. Nothing under it.
text: The vibes draw him to a closet. He reaches up onto top shelf.
text: Behind a fur hat there's a FISHING BOX, like you keep flies
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: on
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: and things in. He takes it down. The box is locked. Frady
text: seems pleased that it is locked. He leaves the bedroom with
dialog: t.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE SHED - DAY
text: Frady gets the box open with a wrecking bar from rack on
text: wall. Top layer has little compartments filled with flies
text: and sinkers, etc. He swings that up on its metal arms.
text: Underneath is a helluva lot of U.S. currency. Frady shuts
text: box again, takes it into house through the connecting door.
scene_heading: INT. PELIKAS KITCHEN - DAY
text: Three stacks of bills on table: $20s, $50s and $100s. Prady
text: has jotted amounts in each denomination on a pad. MOVE IN
text: OVER SHOULDER as he does bit more arithmetic:
dialog: _ $52,500
dialog: - 29,820
dialog: $22,680
dialog: ~
text: A beat, and then the pencil adds "2777."
text: “BACK TO FRADY
text: He frowns. Assuming Pelikas told truth about what he was
dialog: paid, and there's no reason to doubt it, almost half the
text: sum is not accounted for. Frady returns to beat-up fishing
dialog: box. Bottom part is empty all right: no savings account
text: passbook or bonds or anything. He's leaving the box again
text: when something catches at his eye. He reaches under a mess
text: of lead sinkers in top part, comes up with a folded bit of
text: NEWSPRINT. He unfolds it and stares at it and his eyes
dialog: narrow.
speaker_heading: CU = THE NEWSPRINT
text: It's a medium-size box advertisement clipped from some news=
dialog: paper. We've all seen ones just like it. Big bold head
text: Says: "HIGH-PAID JOBS OVERSEAS!" ‘Then there's bit of print,
text: and another bold line: “YOU MIGHT QUALIFY!" A bit more print,
text: and then the bottom line that jumps out at you too: "APPLY
scene_heading: IN PERSON DEC. 18 -- SUITE 327, HOTEL EDISON -- SALT LAKE
dialog: ciITy.*
text: ANGLE UP AT FRADY
text: Reading it and rereading ‘it, fascinated, as there is a SOUND
text: 0.8. A CAR coming in and stopping. So great is Prady's
text: interest in this ad that he doesn't react until there's
text: another SOUND: the definite SLAM OF A CAR DOOR. He whirls
text: around and goes to front kitchen window.
dialog: iy
dialog: ry
dialog: ~~
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. PELIKAS MOTEL - DAY
text: A WOMAN and a BOY have gotten out of their car. The Boy is
text: around 12. She's maybe 34, as attractive as anyone would
text: want, in a great tough-slender way that suggests she used
text: to be a model. The kid totes small suitcase and a canvas
text: fishing-rod holder, and both of them appear just a bit
dialog: travel-worn.
text: CAMERA TRACKS in front of them as they walk up into the house
text: and stop short just over the threshold.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: INT. PELIKAS PRONT HALL - INCLUDING FRADY
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Sorry, folk. Closed down for
dialog: remodeling. ~
text: They stare at him. Frady picks up an Auto Club Motel Guide
dialog: from desk.
speaker_heading: : FRADY : ,
dialog: Whyn't I call and get you in
dialog: someplace?
speaker_heading: ‘THE WOMAN °
dialog: (calling loud)
dialog: Henry -- 7?
speaker_heading: : THE BOY
dialog: (to Prady)
dialog: What you done with him? -
speaker_heading: CU - PRADY :
text: He's as silent as the house. He looks like an idiot. ANGLE
text: LOOSENS as the Woman turns back to him. Her eyes are very
text: wary and deep.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN *
dialog: I'm Marian Gay. This is my son
dialog: Todd. We're staying here. Who
dialog: in hell are you?
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: I just got here, ma'am. Door was
dialog: open and I didn't see anyone so -~
dialog: . ” . .
text: Frady trails off. Marian has coolly plucked his card from
text: slot, is looking at it.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: John Harmon. Cabin 7. Odd you
dialog: checked in last night, then.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Shouldn't we call Sheriff Mapes?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Probably yes.
dialog: (gaze back on Frady)
dialog: Where's Henry Pelikas?
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: . Who? -- Oh. I dunno. He said
dialog: he was going fishing.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Go look for him, Todd. Along the ~
dialog: river?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: We oughta call the sheriff.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Just look for Mr. Pelikas. And
dialog: be careful.
text: Todd gives Frady a hugely hostile look, but he goes down the
text: hall toward back of house.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Truth is, I'ma -- little crazy. © .
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: (solemn deadpan)
dialog: But not dangerously.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: No, ma'am, Just from working too
dialog: hard. Doc said I'd be fine if I
dialog: took a rest. I don't know what
dialog: got into me.
text: Todd suddenly turns in the b.g.
speaker_heading: TODD ‘
dialog: _ Hank went fishing, huh?
speaker_heading: . PRADY
dialog: That's what he said.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: y
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TODD ”
dialog: Funny. Because his rod's here
text: but his shotgun isn't.
speaker_heading: cU - MARIAN ,
text: Stops breathing for an instant. Just an instant.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Look for him, dear. Along the
dialog: river and be very careful.
speaker_heading: cu - TODD
text: He's going to say something more, but changes mind. Glares
text: at Frady again and exits by door at end of hall. . :
scene_heading: MARIAN AND FRADY : >
speaker_heading: - FRADY
dialog: I hope nothing's wrong. Seemed
dialog: such a nice fella. Cooked me up
dialog: a great breakfast.
text: She doesn't make any comment. She studies him with a sort
text: of calculation, then turns. CAMERA TRACKS WITH HER as she
text: walks through the dining room and into the kitchen. Her
text: eyes start sweeping, then they freeze.
speaker_heading: BER P.O.V. -
text: ZOOM IN on that fishing box. It lies on its side on the
text: table, open and bashed and empty. Flies and lead sinkers
text: are scattered around, but Frady must have had time to stuff
text: the money out of sight somewhere. .
scene_heading: BACK TO MARIAN
text: She goes and looks.into the garbage pail. She returns to
text: the table. The note-pad lies there, with Frady's arithmetic
text: still on the top sheet. She picks it up and looks at it,
text: drops it again and turns.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDE FRADY
text: He has strolled into kitchen after her sometime, stands with
text: his head dumbly cocked. .
speaker_heading: . MARIAN
dialog: You've been working too hard.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FRADY ~
dialog: Well. That's what the doc said.
speaker_heading: "MARTIAN
dialog: Don't tell me --"
dialog: (no tone)
dialog: ~~, at an Overseas Job?
speaker_heading: cu = FRADY
dialog: He's good. He won't help you with big reactions. He only
text: looks more puzzled.
speaker_heading: FRADY:
dialog: Why'd you think that?
text: A SOUND is heard o.s. It's a car crunching in. The CAMERA
text: PULLS FAST. We get a glimpse out the window as Marian hur-
text: ries across to look. An official COUNTY SHERIFF'S CAR is
text: stopping outside in parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT. PRONT OF MOTEL - DAY
dialog: a ,
text: SEERIFF MAPES and YOUNG DEPUTY get out. Deputy waits as
text: Mapes starts for the house. Marian emerges abruptly and
text: meets him before he can get halfway to front door.
scene_heading: FROM KITCHEN WINDOW - FRADY'S P.O.V.
text: NO SOUND through ‘closed window, but it's pretty plain what's
text: going on. Sheriff puts a steadying hand on Marian's arm,
text: tells her something. It seems to give her a fair wallop.
text: She steps back with big shocked eyes and asks a couple of
dialog: one-word questions. : .
speaker_heading: WITH FRADY
text: He walks back into the front hall. Outer door is open.
text: Through the screen, Frady watches and hears this:
speaker_heading: MARIAN ‘
dialog: Wait for me while I find Todd.
dialog: We'll follow you.
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: You sure? Pete here could stay
dialog: with the kid while we -- River .
dialog: beat him up bad, Mrs. Gay. Won't
dialog: be fur. - . soa
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Wait for us.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MAPES ~
dialog: (indicating Frady's
dialog: car)
dialog: Who belongs to that one?
speaker_heading: - MARIAN
dialog: Name's Harmon. Just arrived.
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: How “just"?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Ten minutes maybe? Henry wasn't
dialog: . around so I checked him in. Why?
dialog: What are you thinking? .
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: (relieved) . ~
dialog: You answered it.
text: Mapes strolls back toward car as Marian re-enters the house.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - IN FRONT HALL ,
text: Marian shuts the door. Tons is low and hard:
speaker_heading: : MARIAN
dialog: I have to identify a body. If
dialog: you're not here when I get back,
dialog: you'll have made a big mistake.
text: Frady nods. Marian hurries down center hall and out the
text: back. Frady turns to the registration-card rack. He
text: takes out his own, which bears the name Harmon. He thinks
text: a moment, drops it back where it was. Then he goes out the
text: front door.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF MOTEL
text: Sheriff Mapes and Deputy lounge against their car, rolling
text: cigarettes. Frady comes up in a worried way.
speaker_heading: > FRADY :
dialog: Howdy. Been an accident, huh?
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: Sure has. Reckon you'll have to
dialog: find someplace else to bunk.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Whoo. That's awful, But the nice
dialog: lady who checked me in -- won't
dialog: - she be running the joint?
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: Me
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: Uh-uh. Just a friend. And sure
dialog: has bum luck, come to think of it.
dialog: What was the fella's name, Pete?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Faversham.: ~
speaker_heading: : MAPES
dialog: Right. Arthur Faversham.
dialog: (to Prady again)
dialog: She's a grass widow. Come up here
dialog: originally to visit that poor fish
dialog: when he was staying here. Would
dialog: you believe he got himself drowned
dialog: too
speaker_heading: FRADY ~
dialog: Whooo. That is bum luck.
dialog: (then solemnly)
dialog: Thanks for the tip. I'll watch
dialog: myself. .
speaker_heading: MAPES
dialog: Watch yourself how?
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Won't get eyes for the nice lady.
dialog: Those things come in threes.
text: Prady walks away toward cabin as the Deputy mutters.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Power company and their lousy
dialog: dam. Oughta write to Washington
dialog: -- Ralph Nader or someone.
scene_heading: INT. FRADY'S CABIN - LATE DAY
text: Frady rocks in an old chair, eyeing that "Overseas Jobs” ad.
text: He must have memorized it fifty times by now. He reacts to
text: SOUND OF A CAR o.s. He gets up and looks out through screen
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT, FRONT OF MOTEL - LATE DAY
text: Marian's car stops NEAR CAMERA. She and Todd. get out. Her
text: eyes flick briefly and note Frady's car parked as it was
text: before, against the low-red sun. She starts for the house,
text: but Todd sullenly holds back.
dialog: CONT. ©
dialog: «©
dialog: &)
dialog: ©
dialog: 
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: I don't see why we have to stay
dialog: here any more.
speaker_heading: . . MARIAN
dialog: We won't for long, Todd. Come
dialog: on, I'll give you a pill. you
dialog: can sleep.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: You lied to Sheriff Mapes.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: . Darling -- please -- believe me,
dialog: I'm doing what I have to -- for
dialog: both of us -- come on!
text: Her nerves are all shot. They go into the house and the
text: door closes hard.
text: BACK TO FRADY .
text: He watches them disappear, From this distance, it's not
text: likely he heard their dialog, He goes into the bathroom
text: and we HEAR shower being turned on. He comes out again.
dialog: In a crummy old place like this, it must take ten minutes
text: to get the hot water up. He goes to his suitcase and
dialog: selects a fresh shirt. -
scene_heading: INT. PELIKAS HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - TWILIGHT
text: Prady is by himself, showered and changed. He finds a
text: dictionary in a bookcase. He puts it on a table and turns
text: on a light, and stands leafing through it. He HEARS FEET
text: on the stairs. He continues looking through the dictionary.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Marian comes in from the hall. She has a darkish drink in
text: her hand. She's showered and changed too, into some soft
dialog: pretty outfit. .
speaker_heading: FRADY :
dialog: Well. I stayed like you said.
speaker_heading: MARIAN .
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Just looking up a word. Fora
dialog: crossword I was doing to pass
dialog: the time...
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 40.
dialog: re
text: , CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: I might know it. ‘Try me.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: “Parallax.”
dialog: o .
speaker_heading: . oe MARIAN
dialog: Noun. The apparent displacement
dialog: of an object or angle as seen from
dialog: two different points -- or by two
dialog: different observers.
text: : Frady leoks from the book to her and back again and pops his
dialog: cheeks.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'll be damn. That's word for
dialog: G word. You've got it perfect -- ~
dialog: only what's it mean?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: _ (very level) .
dialog: Think of an event. Any. event.
speaker_heading: q FRADY
dialog: Yuh. -
speaker_heading: MARIAN
text: . From one angle it looks one way.
dialog: c Change your point of view and you
dialog: see something entirely different.
dialog: Clear enough for you?
speaker_heading: : PRADY
dialog: os I need an example.
dialog: &
speaker_heading: ~ MARIAN
dialog: Oh hell -- I'm so damn tired of
dialog: talking. Are you a drinking man?
speaker_heading: 2 FRADY
dialog: * Been known to.
speaker_heading: . MARIAN
dialog: Let's shut up and get drunk.
text: : It takes Frady a moment to catch up with change of mood.
text: —_ Then he nods. Smiles sort of boyishly.
dialog: . - ’
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Suits me.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: @
speaker_heading: G
dialog: 4l.
scene_heading: INT. FRADY'S CABIN - DAWN
text: TIGHT ON FRADY'S FACE as he sleeps in pale grey light. He
text: looks bleary and SNORES a little. From outside we hear a
text: COCK CROW. Frady reflexly licks dry lips with dry tongue,
text: stirs as if to turn head on pillow. But something seems
text: to restrain the motion. His eyes open vaguely. Suddenly
text: they're wide and not vague at all.
text: CAMERA DROPS DOWN a bit. There's a BIG PAIR OF SCISSORS
text: held partly open at his throat, the points precisely at
text: both sides of his Adam's apple.
speaker_heading: MARIAN (VO)
dialog: Now don't you move. Don't you
dialog: move at all! : :
speaker_heading: WIDER SHOT
text: Marian is crouched over him on bed, wearing a wisp of ~
text: nightie, holding the scissors. Her eyes are vulpine, her
text: lips drawn back over teeth.
speaker_heading: ° MARIAN
dialog: God but you men are easy to get --
dialog: so easy it's pathetic -- do you
dialog: know why you're going to die?
speaker_heading: - PRADY
dialog: Hey, for chrissake --
scene_heading: HUGE CU - SCISSORS AT THROAT .
text: They press. Droplets of epidermal blood appear.
speaker_heading: MARIAN AND FRADY
text: She bends closer. The shine in her eye says that she is
text: seriously off her rocker.
speaker_heading: . MARIAN
dialog: You dumb clumsy bastard. We're
dialog: next, aren't we? My son and I!
dialog: Henry got Arthur and they sent
dialog: you to get him and now someone
dialog: gets us -- right??
speaker_heading: FPRADY
dialog: No! You've got it all -- !
text: Pressing points cut off 'Frady's gasp again. He can only.
text: stare up in horror and feel eternity against his windpipe.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: Q
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: You're going to die now. Badly.
dialog: Messily. It might save my son.
dialog: There's just a chance you bastards
dialog: will decide murdering him is more
dialog: dangerous than it's worth.
dialog: (soft and crazy
dialog: and clear)
dialog: You are dying as a message to the
dialog: rest of them.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Jesus -—
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Die now -- and take some time
dialog: doing it!
scene_heading: CUTS - MARIAN AND THE SCISSORS
text: She leans against his throat. Her hand trembles. We feel
text: she is pushing the steel with all her force, but some obscure
text: counterforce is obstructing her. Trémbling gets worse. She
text: pespises her own weakness so much that tears suddenly fill
dialog: er eyes. :
speaker_heading: : MARIAN
dialog: Bastard!!
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - UP AT MARIAN
text: She lifts scissors, stabs them down flashing PAST THE CAMERA.
text: Again and again, fiercely, and then we see some little bits
text: ef goose-down fluff flying up.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: It's only the pillow she has murdered. Choking, Marian
text: throws herself down on the foot of the bed.
text: Frady gets up. He detaches the scissors from her hand.
text: There's a nearly empty bottle of Scotch on the dresser. He
text: takes a snort, then pours a slug into a tumbler. He puts
text: it in Marian's hand: She doesn't seem aware much of anything.
text: Frady reacts to an abrupt SOUND outside: it might be a couple
text: of piled crates falling over. He crosses quickly, peers out
text: the small curtained window. .
dialog: WHAT HE SEES . *
text: There's a heavy GROUND FOG. Young Todd, in pajamas, vanishes
text: into it, running like hell in direction of hcuse in b.g.
text: Somewhere the COCK CROWS again.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CU - MARIAN
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: BACK TO FRADY
text: This isn't his problem just now. He leaves the window.
text: Marian's robe is on the floor. He picks it up, tosses it
text: over her. He takes another snort of Scotch and then turns
text: with a seriously pensive expression.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: I don't blame you really.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: The blackmail, I mean. He killed
dialog: your guy. I guess you hit him for
dialog: about twenty grand.
dialog: (that sits her up,
dialog: gaping and white)
dialog: Not to worry. I'm off my turf.
speaker_heading: MARIAN Ls
dialog: - You're -- w-who are you?
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: You'd be*surprised. Have a drink
dialog: and tell me if I go off-base. It
dialog: happened after Pelikas took a trip
dialog: to Salt Lake City.
text: She doesn't say anything. Doesn't have to. Her wide amazed
text: eyes say it for her.
scene_heading: HER AND FRADY - : --
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You guessed somehow. Maybe you
text: sat up - uh - drinking with hin.
dialog: Point is - why do you think he
dialog: killed your Boyfriend?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Christ, I don't know -- I don't
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: what's Parallax? -
speaker_heading: MARIAN ‘
dialog: I don't know. It was just a
dialog: word he said -- they'd get me or
dialog: something -- I don't know.
text: Prady glances away a moment, then-wings it at her:
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 7 . 44,
speaker_heading: Mo CONTINUED
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Lying bitch. The assassination!
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: - 2222?
text: Bewilderment seems total. Frady buys it.
speaker_heading: FPRADY
dialog: Okay. But you're still in hot
dialog: “ water.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: What do you mean?
scene_heading: . PRADY ~
dialog: 7 Less you know, better you are. .
dialog: : They'11 hear about this. They'll
dialog: come around. They'll add two and
dialog: two and it cotild come out you.
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: What are you talking about?
dialog: +
speaker_heading: + PRADY
dialog: Don't ask. Just get out of this
dialog: place. You and your kid. How
dialog: . soon can you get out? .
speaker_heading: an - - MARIAN
dialog: here! S an i-i-inquest on Henry, .
dialog: s-s-sheriff said I'd have to -
speaker_heading: s PRADY :
dialog: ~ Yuh, better wait for that. It was
dialog: fun drinking with you. Goodbye.
dialog: _(as she doesn't move)
dialog: I paid’for this cabin. Get out.
text: = She's going to say something, but his eyes freeze it off.
text: - She leaves the cabin.
speaker_heading: WITH FRADY °
text: He throws her slippers and the big scissors out after her.
text: a Marian stops suddenly, turns back in the fog.
speaker_heading: , MARIAN
dialog: v The rest of the money.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: PRADY ~
dialog: Blood money. Don't touch it.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: He killed Arthur. I was going
dialog: to marry Arthur. I need it --
dialog: I have a right!
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: You're cuckoo.
dialog: (but what the hell)
dialog: It's hid in the house -- happy
dialog: hunting.
text: COCK CROWS a third time. Marian vanishes wraithlike.
scene_heading: EXT. GREAT SALT LAKE - DAY : :
dialog: 7 ~
text: Frady drives past the barren expanse. Sign indicates the
dialog: mileage ahead to Salt Lake City. . -
scene_heading: EXT./INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - SALT LAKE CITY - DAY
text: Frady enters the lobby. He goes to Directory Board and
text: finds number of FBI Field Office upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. PBI FIELD OFFICE - DAY
text: Prady's in a cubicle with a youngish FBI AGENT. The latter
dialog: is in no danger of winning a transfer to Paducah because of
text: unkempt hair or slovenly dress. Frady has shown his badge:
text: we see the leather folder open on desk.
speaker_heading: FPRADY
dialog: Parallax Corporation. They took
dialog: a suite for that day only at the
dialog: Edison downtown. I've been to it.
dialog: Paid cash in advance. Gave no
dialog: reference, left no address.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT *
text: Parallax Corporation. Hmmmn.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Been to the library too. No line
dialog: in Moody's or any other directory.
scene_heading: . FBI AGENT
dialog: What's. your. interest in thdm?'
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Considerable.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: > CONTINUED
dialog: 7
dialog: o~
dialog: Oo
dialog: Q
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT _
dialog: They charged with anything?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Can't find someone, it's hard to
dialog: lay a charge.
speaker_heading: PBI AGENT
dialog: What's federal about it?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: That's a long crazy story. Take
dialog: me to your leader and I might
dialog: tell him.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: He's not available. ~
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'll wait. .
speaker_heading: : PBI AGENT
dialog: Not much point, really.
dialog: (fiddles with
dialog: Prady's badge)
dialog: You say this inquiry isn't 100s
dialog: official, right?
speaker_heading: FRADY . :
dialog: - Not a hundred. As you see, I'm
dialog: off my turf.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: Yuh. You are, kind of.
dialog: (puts down badge)
dialog: But be of good cheer -- I'll do
dialog: you a favor. I'll open a Case
dialog: Pile right now, noting you and
dialog: your inquiry. That'll go on to
dialog: Washington as raw material for
dialog: processing and evaluation.
dialog: (going to cabinet)
dialog: Meantime, here are some forms.
dialog: Get the green filled in by your
dialog: immediate superior, blue by the
text: state director. Six copies of
dialog: each, have the top pair endorsed
dialog: and approved by an Interdepart-
dialog: mental‘Liaison Officer, next pair
dialog: by our own Chief Field Agent in
dialog: your sector, Of course you'll
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: Oo
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: Oo
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT (Cont)
dialog: append supporting evidence and
dialog: statements -by informants and --
dialog: (seeing Frady on
dialog: his feet)
dialog: What's your problem?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: None. Do me no favors and we'll
dialog: call it even.
text: Frady stuffs his buzzer back in his hip pocket and starts
text: out. He has to step back. Being herded down the hall just
text: outside are HALF A DOZEN YOUNG YIPPIE TYPES, their abominable
text: hair and dress in a piquant contrast to the AGENTS escorting
text: them. Frady's FBI Agent makes a face.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: Oh boy. What this country needs
dialog: is a good five-cent soap bar, eh?
text: Prady makes a face of his own, and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. STATE POLICE HQ - DAY
dialog: The place we know: Frady's home base. Frady comes up the -
text: walk to the entrance. He meets Capt. Rintels just coming
text: eut. Rintels stops, rather surprised.
speaker_heading: . RINTELS
dialog: Fishing no good, huh?
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Too good. Wore me out.
speaker_heading: . RINTELS
dialog: You reporting back already?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: No, sir. Just touching base for
dialog: something I forgot.
speaker_heading: RINTELS
dialog: If it's another illegal wiretap --
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: No, sir. I just remembered, I'd
dialog: promised Corporal Harmon leave
dialog: and I forgot to make out papers.
speaker_heading: RINTELS
dialog: You're a good man, Frady.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 9g
dialog: on
dialog: 48,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: . PRADY
dialog: I dunno. We'll see.
text: Rintels goes on his way and Frady enters the building.
scene_heading: INT. FRADY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: He's there with young Corporal Harmon. Frady has made some
dialog: surprise on this front too.
speaker_heading: CPL. HARMON
dialog: Well, sure -- I'd love some leave.
dialog: But I didn't know I had any coming,
dialog: . sir.
speaker_heading: FPRADY .
text: There's a catch. A hook in it. ~.
speaker_heading: CPL. HARMON
dialog: I'll bite.
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: You have an apartment on Eighth.
dialog: While you're gone, Harmon, I'll be
dialog: staying init. .
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Don't ask me why. But I promise,
dialog: there won't be any bobby pins left
dialog: around. :
text: Barmon gets it. A girl. He permits himself just a bit of
text: a grin. .
scene_heading: ~ CPL. HARMON
dialog: When do I take off?
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Now. Turn over the keys.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY
text: It could be Denver. Frady comes down the sidewalk and goes
text: into a seedy office building. CAMERA MOVES UP AND IN on a
text: second-floor window. There are gilt letters on it, saying:
scene_heading: “D. KARP -- PRIVATE INVESTIGATIONS."
dialog: a
scene_heading: INT. KARP'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Frady lounges in a chair with a kind of dumbish hangdog look,
text: watching KARP examine a sheet of.paper which he has given
dialog: . > CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Q
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: him. Karp fits his ratty surroundings. We get a glimpse of
dialog: the paper: clipped to it is that old advertisement for
text: “Overseas Jobs," beside a list of some dozen-and-a-half U.S.
dialog: cities and dates.
speaker_heading: KARP
dialog: Now lemme dig this. You want
dialog: newspapers checked around these
dialog: dates about twenny places all
dialog: over the country. To see if they
dialog: run ads similar to this, right?
dialog: (as Prady nods)
dialog: That's a big deal, mac.
speaker_heading: FRADY .
dialog: I figured there'd be ops you'd . .
dialog: get in touch with. : ~
speaker_heading: . KARP
dialog: Sure. Could do. But hell, some
dialog: of these dates run back like ten
dialog: years. It'd cost you plenty.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Less'n you think, maybe.
speaker_heading: . ) KARP
dialog: Oh yeah? How much you planning
dialog: to spring for? .
scene_heading: eo - - PRADY
dialog: I dunno. Maybe a buck?
speaker_heading: KARP
dialog: (real indignation)
dialog: There's a penny arcade in the
dialog: bus depot. Take your buck, mac,
dialog: and have a party.
text: Frady rises and hauls eut his badge case. Flips it.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I've been studying your record,
dialog: Karp. I could reel up your
dialog: license eleventy-seven ways.
speaker_heading: KARP
dialog: Emmmn. You say a buck?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I forgot the freeze. Four bits.
dialog: i . : cont.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KARP
dialog: Sounds fair. ~
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Don't blow it all in one penny
dialog: arcade.
text: FPrady drops two quarters on the desk and goes.
speaker_heading: CU - A DESK PAD
text: A HAND doodles on it. On a drawn tombstone is written the
text: name “DAVID HARMON.” Around it, the hand draws a fanciful
text: profusion of funeral wreaths and angels with harps.
text: CAMERA MOVES UP a bit to show us a lamp on the desk. We've
text: seen one just like it before. It's made of cactus with a
text: plastic cowboy-hat shade. Band around the hat says: “OK~
scene_heading: CORRAL MOTEL.”
text: CAMERA MOVES UP further. There's a YOUNG MAN doing this
text: doodling as he sits listening attentively to his phone
dialog: receiver. He's the same Young Man whom we saw buying that
dialog: lamp at the OK Corral souvenir stand. During all this, we
text: have heard a GIRL'S VOICE talking o.s.:
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: Right. Bureau of Social Structure.
dialog: -- Uh-huh. -- Two jars of paste, six
dialog: , legal pads, one box of pencils, four
dialog: 100-watt bulbs. -- Get it over soon
dialog: as you can, huh? -- Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - WIDER ANGLE - DAY
text: It's in a quaint old Washington D.C. town house which has
dialog: been converted into modest offices. This used to be the
text: dining room. We see the Young Man and the Girl who was
text: putting in that order over her phone, a few OTHER WORKERS
text: puttering at desks. It's all extremely low pressure stuff.
text: Young Man smiles into phone as person on other end apparently
text: gets to finish.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Beautiful! Willy will do.
text: Willy hangs up, tears off sheet with the tombstoned name.
text: He heads out with it, into the center hall.
dialog: 
dialog: ay
dialog: ys
dialog: Sl.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS ROOM =< DAY .
text: Edward Trumbull's office. He's bent over big antique table,
text: dapper as ever, examining some documents and photos arranged
text: on surface. Beside him-is a cheerless Psychology Ph.D. named
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Good. We'll send this balloon up.
scene_heading: . DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: In what manner?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: We'll drop the file in the men's
dialog: toilet of some perverse but
text: expensive bar. One of J. Edgar's
dialog: minions will get it to him quick.
text: Trumbull ignores Malinowski's frowning grunt, smiles at the
text: clever notion as he starts gathering the stuff into a file
text: folder. KNOCK on the door. Willy comes in and kicks the
text: door shut behind. He knows that he's carrying a bombshell,
dialog: so he plays it very cool. :
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Parallax time.
text: PUSH IN on Trumbull. He catches his breath.
scene_heading: . TRUMBULL :
dialog: You don't mean it. : .
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
speaker_heading: -WILLY
dialog: Yes, sir. We've found the last
dialog: witness from the picture. Got
dialog: a positive make on him from the
dialog: Pelikas joint.
text: He drops the sheet on table. Trumbull picks it up.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Harmon.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Big joke. He's a corporal in some
dialog: State Police. .
dialog: - (raffish, grin) .
dialog: Dove-wise, it ail tails. ,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 9
dialog: r~
dialog: Q
dialog: ®
dialog: 
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - MOVING WITH FRADY = DAY
text: Frady tramps along among YOUNG PEOPLE.. In his usual sports .
text: shirt and slacks, he doesn't look out of place. He reaches
text: an arched entrance in the ivied wall beside him. We see a
text: handsome UNIVERSITY CAMPUS within. Big signs threaten
text: Unauthorized Persons. Frady nods nicely at the CAMPUS COP
text: under the arch. .
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Howdy. Where'll I find Professor
dialog: Winston?
speaker_heading: CAMPUS COP
dialog: Don't got I.D., you don't. Nota
dialog: student, are you?
speaker_heading: FRADY .
text: Outside agitator.
dialog: (wearily pulling
dialog: » his badge)
dialog: off duty.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS AREA - DAY ,
text: Professor Winston is playing softball with the kids. He's
text: at the plate, in old Levis and a witty sweatshirt. He swings
text: mightily, sends up a towering infield pop. He's trotting it
text: out to first when he sees Frady. He stops, looks up. The
text: ball is still in the air.
speaker_heading: . WINSTON
dialog: sees I knew that one would make rain. ~
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Put away your umbrella. Let's do
text: some horse-trading.
scene_heading: INT. WINSTON'S STUDY ~ DAY
text: It's a great leathery booky place. Winston is pouring a
text: couple of cokes.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Pop flies. Kid who caught that
dialog: one dropped six of ‘em yesterday.
dialog: The story of my life. Where's
dialog: your horse?
speaker_heading: ’ FRADY .
dialog: Jail. ‘ Black colt name of Wilcox.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 4)
dialog: ‘
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: He was arraigned this morning, -
dialog: wasn't he?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Should of been but wasn't. It
dialog: could bounce either way. .
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: {hank you. What's my horse?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Z need some help in Washington.
scene_heading: cu - WINSTON :
text: He stops still. His face changes. fhe lightness is all gone from
dialog: his manner. : ot
scene_heading: . WINSTON ~
dialog: Whatever it is, forget about it. .
dialog: That's all ended. . .
speaker_heading: FEATURE FRADY -
text: He turns and looks at block of FRAMED PHOTOS on the wall. They
dialog: all seem academic: taken around schools and colleges and such,
dialog: no identifiable public face. oo
speaker_heading: . “ WINSTON :
dialog: Ancient history. Closed book.
dialog: r never wrote a memoir of that
dialog: - time. I don't even keep one
dialog: = inscribed picture.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Well then. Let me providea
dialog: picture. :
text: Frady hauls a folded print from his hip pocket and hands it to
dialog: Winston. .
scene_heading: TIGHT LOW ANGLE - WINSTON .
text: Staring down at it with a suddenly frozen face.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'm that last blur at the right.
dialog: I say last, because everyone else
text: is dead.
text: Little twitch at corner of Winston's mouth. ANGLE LOOSENS as he
text: jifts his eyes. His tore is terrifically controlled.
speaker_heading: * WINSTON
dialog: You were there.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oY
dialog: ay
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: Gs
dialog: ye
dialog: S4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FRADY .
dialog: By pure bad luck. Walking with
dialog: a girl I'd met.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Fascinating. But isn't it a bit
dialog: late for this? A new conspiracy
dialog: theory?
text: Frady looks awkward. ‘Ie's not an act. This bookish study
dialog: is a foreign country to him.
speaker_heading: : PRADY
dialog: Late or not. This one's past the
dialog: theory stage.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: You want help in Washington. ~
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Don't want -- need. Maybe one or
dialog: two introductions. :
speaker_heading: WINSTON ©
dialog: Have you taken any steps?
speaker_heading: PRADY coe
text: Couple of stumbles.
speaker_heading: ot WINSTON
dialog: . Such as.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Well. Not sure. But I may be
dialog: in line for getting hired to
dialog: kill myself.
text: Zwippp. Suddenly Winston has ripped the picture and thrown
text: it in the fireplace and wheeled around. He's ina xeally
dialog: weird state of fury and contempt. :
dialog: x
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: You obscene garbage collector.
speaker_heading: CU - FRADY
text: He blinks just once. He's never offended by words, but
text: it annoys him that he didn't see this coming.
dialog: : . : toy
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You don't believe me.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: WINSTON AND FRADY
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Of course not!
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You don't figure it's possible.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Who said that? Certainly it's
dialog: possible! Anything's possible in
dialog: this madhouse country! So what?
dialog: What in hell do you think I'd do
dialog: if I did believe you?
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: I dunno.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Not one damn thing, Lieutenant. : ~
speaker_heading: ~ PRADY
dialog: We're talking-about a whole bunch
dialog: of murders.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: The dead are dead. Let the grass
dialog: grow on the graves. You can't
dialog: raise.the dead. That's no job
dialog: for garbage collectors.
text: Frady's at a real loss. His eyes go to the framed photos again,
text: around the room, trying to find something to hang this onto.
text: But there isn't anything. Frady looks back at Winston.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: But -- Jesus -- you worked with
dialog: the guy. Probably played with
dialog: him, drunk with him. I thought
dialog: he was your friend.
speaker_heading: 7 WINSTON
dialog: Yes! He was!
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Well, in that case --
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: For God's sake -- don't you see
dialog: anything? , The day it happened,
dialog: TY thought it was the end of the
speaker_heading: _ (MORE)
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: ie)
speaker_heading: QO
dialog: 9
dialog: a
dialog: _ 56.
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: WINSTON (Cont.)
dialog: world, Cataclysm, apocalypse,
dialog: I thought the heavens would open
dialog: and I see the flights of angels.
dialog: I didn't eat, I didn't sleep, the
dialog: izmst for. revenge was an animal
dialog: inside my guts.
text: (looks away) .
dialog: The heavens stayed shut. My thirst
dialog: passed. Nothing changed. I'ma
dialog: burnt-out case. I won't be caught
dialog: in any ruins again -- do you see
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: ON FRADY
text: He nods. He looks out the window. He looks somberly at KIDS
text: passing by. Voice is low but really shook-up:
speaker_heading: ; PRADY
dialog: - Good to know we have people like
dialog: “you around here. Tending graves
text: and grass, mourning dead kings up
dialog: in tree houses. Real inspiration
dialog: for young minds.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Go to hell.
dialog: . , FRADY « vost
dialog: Yuh. : -
text: Prady nods and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. KARP'S OFFICE - DAY .
speaker_heading: ~ KARP
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I should get such mileage outa
text: four bits. Heard back awready
dialog: from Norfolk, Tucson and N.Y.C.
dialog: It's bingo bingo bingo.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - EVENING
text: Oldish area, with apartments above small stores. A car parks in
text: front of a candy store. A MAN gets out, carrying a clipboard.
text: He goes into vestibule entry and checks mailboxes. Finds the
text: one he wants. Card says: "HARMON 2-b." He pushes button and
text: waits for the door opener to BUZZ BACK.
scene_heading: INT. HARMON'S APARTMENT - EVENING /
text: One-room bachelor with cut-rate Playboy decor. We find
dialog: «
speaker_heading: O
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: CONTINUED . .
text: Claire by herself, getting ice out of the little fridge. -
text: She goes right to door when the BELL RINGS. Man with .
text: clipboard flashes a plastic 1I.D.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: My name's Gould, ma'am. U.S.
text: Census, random spot follow-up.
dialog: Is Mr. Harmon in?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
text: Roamin' in a camper. Off on
dialog: ten-day vacation.
dialog: . ° GOULD
dialog: (noting it on board)
dialog: Vacation. You wouldn't be Mrs.
dialog: Harmon by any chance?
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Just a friend, hon. Bunking
dialog: here while he's gone.
speaker_heading: GOULD ,
dialog: I see. Thank you very much for
dialog: your cooperation.
text: Claire smiles and closes door. ANGLE SHIFTS. FPrady comes
text: from the bathroom where he was listening, fast and quiet.
text: He goes straight to the back window and lifts it.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF BUILDING ©
text: Frady slips out onto fire escape and descends to the ground.
text: He sprints through alley to street in front.
scene_heading: ON THE SIDEWALK - FRADY a
text: He stands lighting a cigarette, so lazy you'd never think
text: he'd run anywhere in his life. Gould comes from the building
text: and heads for his car. Frady flicks away his match, saunters
text: across street toward his own wheels parked in front of a
dialog: hydrant. :
scene_heading: EXT./INT. FRADY'S CAR
text: Prady gets in and turns the key. There's a WHIRRING and then
text: a CLUNK and nothing more. Frady is really stunned. He tries
text: again. Not even a WHIRR this time. Gould has gotten his own
text: car going and is driving away. Frady jumps out and runs
text: across into the candy store.
dialog: 
dialog: &
dialog: ©
dialog: o
dialog: 
dialog: ‘GUY behind.-
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. STATE POLICE HQ - COMMUNICATIONS ROOM
text: Low jargon of RADIO TALK and clacking teletypes. We find a
text: TROOPER at keyboard, with mike/earphone headset. :
speaker_heading: TROOPER
text: Blue Chevy. FCX 814. Hold two
dialog: seconds. .
text: He punches license number on keyboard. This is one of those
dialog: great central computer rigs and it really does only take two
text: seconds before machine starts printing back an answer. Into
text: mike dangling at his lips: :
speaker_heading: . TROOPER
dialog: Hot, all right. Spotted where?
scene_heading: INT. CANDY STORE - EVENING
text: FPrady's in the phone booth, holding receiver. : ~
speaker_heading: ot ” FRADY
text: Eighth and Coronado going west.
dialog: But don't worry -- it'll be
text: dumped inside two minutes.
text: He hangs up bitterly and waits to see if phone will return
text: his dime, but it doesn't. He leaves the booth and starts out
text: of the store. Thwunk! A wired bale of newspapers is thrown
text: from a truck onto sidewalk in front of him. He hefts it up,
text: carries it back and throws it down on counter in front of OLD
speaker_heading: ~ FRADY
dialog: Gimme your snippers, pop.
scene_heading: INT. HARMON'S APARTMENT
text: Claire's by front window, mixing a stiff drink. She hears
text: key in lock. She's a good girl.- She's over holding a drink
dialog: for Frady by the time he comes in with a newspaper. You can
text: imagine his mood. He takes the drink without the slightest
dialog: thankyou. : .
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: You're welcome.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: A dead battery. Sonofabitch --
dialog: who'd believe it?
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CLAIRE -
dialog: I'd bélieve anything. I mean
dialog: seeing as how you've explained me-
dialog: zilch about all of this --
speaker_heading: FPRADY
dialog: You're lucky. Don't ask.
speaker_heading: ON FRADY
text: He has the paper spread out on a table already and takes a
text: drink as he turns the pages. Suddenly Frady goes absolutely
text: stock still. PUSH UP TIGHT on him as he gazes down at the
dialog: sheet below. Since we know what he's looking for, it's not
text: necessary for us to see it. A soft WHISTLE from Claire o.s.
text: He doesn't hear. She repeats it. He turns his head.
scene_heading: TOWARD CLAIRE : ~*
text: She's draped herself around a pole lamp in a super-sexy
text: slouch, her bra-less blouse slightly open and a cigarette
text: dangling from lower lip. Looks terrific.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Take me to the Casbah.
dialog: (as he just looks)
dialog: I'm your Undercover Girl, ain't 1?
speaker_heading: . : PRADY
dialog: Yuk.
speaker_heading: Oe CLAIRE
dialog: Let's get under some covers.
scene_heading: EXT. DENVER - HOTEL WELLINGTON - DAY
text: Big old commercial pile. Frady gets out of a taxi in front.
text: He's wearing a jacket and tie. As he pays the driver and
text: waits for change, the SCREEN FLARES LIGHT as it has before
text: and over image THESE WORDS appear:
scene_heading: “(THE PRIME OBJECTIVE OF ANY STATE
text: IS TO INSURE ITS OWN CONTINUANCE
text: AND THE SURVIVAL OF ITS CITIZENS
scene_heading: IN A JUST AND ORDERLY MANNER. BUT
text: IT IS THE STATE'S RIGHT: TO MANAGE
text: THIS BY WHATEVER MEANS MAY OFFER
text: THE CERTAINTY.
dialog: . --The Handbook.”
dialog: 
dialog: fy
dialog: o
dialog: ge
dialog: 
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY
text: It's fairly seedy, haunted by the ghosts of many dead drummers.
text: Frady enters via revolving doors. His eyes ‘take in everything:
text: potted plants and PEOPLE loafing and all that. There seems
text: nothing very remarkable. He crosses to the desk.
scene_heading: AT THE DESK - CLOSER
text: Frady produces a box advertisement torn from a paper. We
text: glimpse it as he puts it on the counter. The ad is identical
dialog: in format to one found at Pelikas's place. Big top line say~
text: ing "HIGH-PAID JOBS OVERSEAS!" and a middle line saying "YOU
text: MIGHT QUALIFY!" No need to read new bottom line, telling
dialog: where and when to apply.
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: Howdy. Looking for Suite 524.
speaker_heading: DESK MAN
dialog: (giving him a card)
dialog: Write your last name in the box.
scene_heading: OVER FRADY'S SHOULDER ,
text: It's an ordinary computer card, blank except for a big pre-
text: printed MAGNETIC NUMBER and little boxes in which to fill in
dialog: the letters of your name. . Number on this card happens to be
text: 19 141 6. Frady takes a pen from holder on counter and starts
text: printing his last name.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Any idea what kind of jobs being
dialog: offered?
speaker_heading: DESK MAN
dialog: Nope. I just work here, friend.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Pretty funny. You'd think they'd
dialog: give & hint anyway. .
speaker_heading: DESK MAN
dialog: Work in this trap long's I done,
dialog: you'd never think anything.
dialog: (when Frady offers
dialog: him finished card)
dialog: fake it with you. Fifth floor.
dialog: Read this on the way.
dialog: ’ :
text: Pulls printed sheet from under desk, slaps it down on top.
text: Monster red-printed words jump from the top: "WELCOME,
text: APPLICANTS! READ YOUR INSTRUCTIONS!"
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: MOVING WITH FRADY
text: He takes the sheet and leaves the desk. He reads it as he
text: walks toward the elevators. He gets into one and goes up
text: to the fifth floor, during which we hear a VOICE OVER giving
text: the instructions from the shect, while Frady's reading it
dialog: himself. Though we don't have to recognize it now, this
text: _ voice is Dr. Malinowski's. Certain words are stressed
text: unnaturally heavily, as the caps indicate:
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: You are about to be TESTED for
text: JOB SUITABILITY. The test begins
dialog: the moment you enter the PARALLAX
dialog: SUITE. If YOUR test is to have
dialog: value, VALUE, if it is to measure
dialog: YOUR capabilities, you must follow
text: INSTRUCTIONS as exactly, EXACTLY,
dialog: as possible. SAY NOTHING or DO
dialog: NOTHING that you are not DIRECTED : ~
text: to SAY or DO. Here is an EXAMPLE.
dialog: You now hold a CARD. It bears
text: YOUR NAME and-a SIX DIGIT NUMERAL.
dialog: When and IF you are selected to
scene_heading: proceed from the INTRODUCTORY
text: Parallax Suite to an INDIVIDUAL
dialog: TEST AREA, you must respond to
dialog: that DIRECTION with the first
dialog: INITIAL of your LAST name plus
text: the FIRST FIVE digits of the
dialog: numeral which follows. If the .
dialog: numeral after YOUR name were
dialog: printed as, for EXAMPLE, 1-3 space
dialog: 8-7-6 space 4, you would respond
scene_heading: with your INITIAL plus 1-3-8-7-6. -
dialog: Note that in this context the
dialog: printed SPACES would NOT be
scene_heading: AUDIBLY VOCALIZED. Vocalization
dialog: of the SPACES would be an ERROR.
dialog: Errors cost POINTS. Errors will
dialog: cause MANY of you to FAIL. Those
dialog: who FAIL cannot be considered
text: for a HIGH-PAID JOB OVERSEAS.
dialog: To repeat, REPEAT, you must SAY
dialog: NOTHING or DO NOTHING that you
dialog: are not DIRECTED to SAY OR DO.
dialog: fhe Parallax Corporation is a
dialog: nationally recognized testing
dialog: institute which conducts tests
dialog: for MANY gf America's LEADING
scene_heading: MANUFACTURERS and ORGANIZATIONS.
dialog: To each of you -~ GOOD LUCK.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: ga
dialog: a
dialog: Q
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Frady has finished reading this. He is out of the elevator
text: now on the fifth floor, going down a shabby hall, eyeing”
text: room numbers. He reaches 524. There's a sign hung on it.
text: "THE PARALLAX CORPORATION. KNOCK TWICE & ENTER.“ Frady
text: looks again at the instruction sheet. He folds it and puts
text: it away in a pocket and knocks twice and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. SUITE ANTEROOM - ON FRADY
text: He stops short, just inside. ANGLE to HIS P.O.V. On a bench
text: in this small bare space sits a WOMAN quietly sobbing.
text: Around one sleeved forearm she tightly grips a handkerchief.
text: It's sopping red and blood is dripping from underneath it.
text: Her eyes are terrified and huge with appeal.
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: He looks up and around. Gaze holds on something. ~
scene_heading: CU - WHAT HE SEES
text: Somewhat hidden in fake flowers of a high-hung fixture is the
text: eye of a little TV camera, aimed down.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Frady understands. Another DOUBLE KNOCK and the outer door
text: opens. Another APPLICANT enters, holding his card.
speaker_heading: - APPLICANT
dialog: Christ almighty!
text: Prady says nothing and does nothing. He continues on through
text: inner door.
scene_heading: INT. PARALLAX SUITE - DAY
text: Maybe FIFTEEN APPLICANTS hang around in odd silence. They
text: vary from oilfield types to accountants to dowdy secretaries.
text: At the end is a bar and a loaded buffet, and an ACCORDIONIST
text: sits on a gilt chair playing loud polkas. A HOSTESS comes up
text: to Frady. She has a plastic badge saying "Parallax Corp.”
text: with photo underneath, pinned to her blouse. She smiles
dialog: nicely. : :
speaker_heading: “ HOSTESS
dialog: Welcome.
text: That isn’t a direction; so Frady doesn't respond. He looks
text: around for more TV eyes. Hostess isn't offended.
dialog: « , CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oY
speaker_heading: O
dialog: a
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: Order a drink. Make yourself
text: an interesting sandwich.
text: FPrady heads obediently for bar and buffet.
speaker_heading: AT THE BAR
text: Behind it in a white jacket is young Willy of the BSS.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Spot o' redeye, pard?
scene_heading: : . PRADY
text: Jack D. and water.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: si, sefor. : ~
text: Prady does a little take and glances at Willy again. Willy
text: just used a line he must've picked up from the bartender in
text: "Black Bart's Saloon" at the OK Corral. Frady brushed Willy
text: for a moment in the lobby there. His memory is trying to
text: tell him something, but Frady doesn't know what.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - ANOTHER ROOM
text: It has the same awful wallpaper. There are a lot of wires
text: lying around, running up and out through a side transom.
text: They lead to a few closed-circuit TV SCREENS set up on the
text: dresser. Watching these are Trumbull and Dr. Malinowski.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: What's your impression?
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: An average group.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Let's pray somewhat above.
dialog: (getting just a grunt)
dialog: I mean we're looking for someone
dialog: te dispatch a policeman. It could
dialog: be sticky.
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: I have plotted many policemen on
dialog: my curves. I have never found
dialog: them to be exceptional.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: QO
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Now MOVE CLOSER on one TV monitor. We're looking down at
text: Frady, contemplating the buffet. ~
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: I rather like the way this fella
dialog: walks. Let's follow him and see
text: what he eats.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY
text: Roughneck Applicant who entered anteroom just after Frady
text: is down at the front desk now, much agitated.
speaker_heading: APPLICANT
dialog: I tellya, there's a dame bleedin’
dialog: up there! Where's the house dick?
text: Desk Man picks up phone in a long suffering manner. x
speaker_heading: DESK MAN ‘
dialog: Mr. Ellison? Front, please.
text: Suddenly the agitated fellow sees something o.s. It staggers
text: him, ANGLE SHIFTS. The Woman from anteroom is emerging from
text: elevator, unwrapping a candy par. All sign of the clearly
text: fake wound has disappeared.
speaker_heading: APPLICANT
dialog: Forget the house dick! Where's
dialog: the bar??
scene_heading: FRADY - AT BUFFET
text: He's making a sandwich. He puts smoked salmon on a slab of
text: rye, spreads it with strawberry jam. Then.he adds mustard
text: and peanut butter and dots the top with olives and whipped
dialog: cream. .
scene_heading: TRUMBULL AND MALINOWSKI
text: They're watching same on monitor. Trumbull is awed.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: What was the direction? Make an
dialog: "interesting sandwich"?
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: Yes. . He does appear to have a
dialog: certain ingenuity. foo
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Damme if I don't like this one a
dialog: whole lot. Cross your fingers!
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Trumbull quickly leaves the monitor. Finds a wire and pushes
text: a call-button at the end of it.
scene_heading: ON PRADY - AT BUFFET :
text: He bites his sandwich. Behind him, from apparent nowhere, a
text: cute little KITTEN suddenly hops onto the table. It says
text: miaou. Frady turns. He gives it a scrap of smoked salmon.
text: Then Willy moves in, holding a vodka bottle by the neck. He
text: whams it down, breaking the kitten's back. He picks it up
text: by the tail and clubs it savagely again and throws it into
text: his barside slop pail.
scene_heading: FLASH CUTS - THE ROOM
text: Plenty of people have seen this. Their faces are just like
dialog: yours would be. The Accordionist keeps on playing. ~~
scene_heading: FEATURING WILLY
text: He wipes his hands daintily with a rag. A LITTLE MAN who
text: looks like a ribbon clerk rushes up, quivering.
scene_heading: So. LITTLE MAN
dialog: - You stinking bastard.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Cats carry germs.
text: The Little Man punches Willy in the mouth. Willy slugs him
dialog: back. . .
speaker_heading: cU = FRADY
text: He takes another bite of his sandwich. He doesn't say any-
dialog: thing or do anything.
scene_heading: TRUMBULL AND MALINOWSKI
text: They're glued to the monitor. Even the skeptical doc appears
dialog: impressed.
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: Certainly no Bambi Syndrome.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL"
dialog: “Let's get inside his head.
text: Malinowski nods. Trumbull hurries to a telephone.
dialog: &
dialog: 
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON FRADY
text: He stands by the window, carefully looking out. He takes a
text: small controlled sip of his drink. The Hostess comes up to
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: Could I see your card, please?
text: That was a question, not a direction. Frady doesn't move.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: Give me your card.
dialog: (he does, at once,
text: and she looks at
dialog: printed number)
dialog: Follow me to a Test Room. .
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: F19141. .
text: That's the right answer. She starts to move and Frady follows.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR
text: Hostess leads Frady to a room door a little way down from
text: reception suite. She sticks a key in the lock.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: Seat yourself at once.
text: She opens door. - He goes in. She closes door again.”
scene_heading: INT. TEST ROOM
text: It's lit by a single dim bulb. Black cloth has been tacked
text: over the window. Only furniture is a metal desk and chair
text: in exact center. On it is a box with a row of buttons
text: numbered 1 through 5. Also another metal box with a binecu-
text: lar eyepiece in the front and a chin-rest below. Set up
text: behind the desk, facing the chair, is a big translucent
text: rear-projection viewing screen, set in what looks like a
text: monstrously enlarged TV console.
text: Frady seats himself at once. He is obviously being observed
text: by a closed-circuit eye somewhere, for he is no sooner sat
text: down than the overhead bulb goes out. fhe numbered buttons
text: glow. An image appears on the screen. Two HUGE CLOCK FACES.
text: One shows the time of day. The other is a stopwatch affair
text: with a sweep hand which makes a full jerky revolution every
text: five seconds. Dr..Malinowski's VOICE comes from speakers:
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: ny
dialog: ey
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Time is of the ESSENCE! You are
dialog: being TIMED! The subject must be
dialog: AWARE of time's passage, but he
dialog: MAY NOT see the CLOCKS!
text: Clock images vanish but their LOUD TICKING goes on.
speaker_heading: . VOICE
dialog: You must ANSWER ALL QUESTIONS,
dialog: you MUST, by pressing the button
dialog: corresponding to your CHOICE.
dialog: You must allow NOTHING to DISTRACT
dialog: YOUsee
dialog: (level falling) .
dialog: «.senothing MUST distract YOU...
text: Now a multiple-choice question flashes on the screen in huge
dialog: letters:
text: THE SOLDIERS RETREATED LIKE...
dialog: (1) Dogs (2) Rabbits (3) Rats -
dialog: (4) Moths (5) Paggots |.
text: It flashes off as Frady hits Button Two, is instantly replaced
dialog: by another. .
text: YESTERDAY WAS...
dialog: (1) Beautiful (2) Over @) Cold
dialog: (4) .Dead (5) Tomorrow
text: Sudden STARTLING SOUNDS come from hidden speakers all around
text: the room. The whine of a falling bomb, then an explosion
text: that almost knocks Frady out of his skull, people shrieking.
text: They continue, worse than merely distracting, on different
text: tracks: people arguing, and Spiro Agnew delivering a speech,
text: and fire engine sirens and children crying and someone read-
text: ing a sex manual, all mixed up together as questions follow
text: each other on the screen:
text: THE QUEEN RULED...
dialog: (1) Benevolently (2) qyranaieally
dialog: (3) Maybe (4) Weakly (5) Evilly
scene_heading: HONEYBEES NEVER...
dialog: (1) Fly (2) Flew (3) Answer
dialog: (4) Pragmentate (5) Elucidate
dialog: INDECISION LEADS TO... '
dialog: (1) Happiness (2) Mary (3) God
dialog: (4) Walter F. Jones (5) Sainthood
dialog: 
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. TRUMBULL'S HOTEL ROOM
text: Dr. Malinowski is seated at a table, intently watching
text: continuing test results being printed out by some kind of
text: interesting gadget. He makes quick calculations on a slide
text: rule, jots figures down on charts spread out in front of
text: him. Trumbull hovers around, nibbling on a chocolate eclair,.
text: He watches over the savant's shoulder, casts an occasional
text: eye on audio and videotape players whose reels are silently
text: turning in the b.g. The door opens. Willy comes in, in his
text: bartender's jacket.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Got a live one, huh?
speaker_heading: . TRUMBULL
dialog: Affirmative.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Party's growing a bit wet. . ~
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL :
dialog: Fold it up. Give ‘em the usual
text: trash to fill in and mail.
text: Willy crosses to TV monitors. On one we see Frady's dim-lit
text: face, screwed up in concentration as he eyes screen and jabs
dialog: answer buttons.
speaker_heading: ’ WILLY
dialog: I wasn't thrilled with how this
dialog: chap looked at me.
scene_heading: - . TRUMBULL
dialog: How did he look at you?
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Like he knew me from somewhere.
dialog: (getting no reply)
dialog: Okay. I'll go 86 the festivity.
speaker_heading: . ‘TRUMBULL
dialog: Double-check the caterers, Willy.
dialog: Be damn sure they credit us for
dialog: what's left. Oh, and you might
dialog: save me a few eclairs... They're
dialog: not bad, for the provinces.
text: BACK TO TEST ROOM
text: Frady's battered by continuing cacophony of SOUNDS, barely
text: holding onto his wits as questions flash on the screen:
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: THROUGH EYEPIECE - INTO BOX ON TABLE
text: Velvet blackness, with a glow in the center.
speaker_heading: . . VOICE
dialog: Now adjust the FOCUS. You must
text: be able to see the TINY LIGHT far
text: down in the DISTANCE.
dialog: (glow moving into
dialog: pinpoint focus)
dialog: Do you SEE this tiny LIGHT?
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON FRADY
text: Hunched at box, chin on the rest, eyes at eyepieces, adjusting
text: focus. The Voice suddenly booms real big:
speaker_heading: VOICE
speaker_heading: ANSWER! 1
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You must speak CLEARLY.- All’ your
dialog: answers will be HEARD and WILL be
dialog: RECORDED. You should BEGIN NOW to
dialog: feel DISORIENTATION. Does your -
dialog: back hurt? Does it HURT?
text: Frady hunches down somewhat, pushes his face forward harder
text: against eyepieces.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: No but I want to PISS.
text: Sound of rushing water at once grows very loud.
speaker_heading: . VOICE
dialog: That is a CHARACTERISTIC, that
dialog: FORWARD motion of your FACE, of
dialog: this part of your TEST. Now...
scene_heading: INTO THE BOX
speaker_heading: . VOICE
dialog: ++eyou will WATCH that point of
dialog: LIGHT until you see forming, far
dialog: away from you, a WORD. The word:
text: .will be seen as. PARTS of TWO WORDS
dialog: until it becomes ONE WORD. That
text: is a PARALLAX EFFECT...
dialog: . : : CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: Q
dialog: a
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: yo
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: And we have seen it. Vibrantly ‘colored letters have appeared
text: at both lower corners: “P-I-S" at one side, "O-O-N" at other.
text: They rise as if over an elevation at an immense distance, then
text: rush toward us to combine into a single huge word "POISON"
text: which then blows up almost instantly into sparky points of
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: . VOICE
dialog: When you can READ the word, you
dialog: will give, ANNOUNCE, the word
dialog: that you ASSOCIATE with it. You
dialog: will announce ONE WORD only.
text: The word “POISON” was a PRACTICE
dialog: . WORD. There will be NO more
text: PRACTICE words, only TEST words.
dialog: There will be SEVEN HUNDRED of
dialog: them. Now BEGIN!
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF SHOTS
text: CUs of Frady's face, and the letters forming and racing up,
text: and his eyes as seen from inside the box through the lenses,
text: all this coming faster and faster as he gives his answers:
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: (to test word "red")
dialog: Blood --
dialog: (to “black")
dialog: Mail --
dialog: - (to “white")
dialog: Pus ---
dialog: (to “knife")
dialog: Stab -- ~
dialog: (to "gun")
dialog: Shoot --
dialog: (to "murder")
dialog: Everyone --
dialog: (to "sin")
dialog: None --
dialog: (to "drown")
dialog: Kittens --
scene_heading: INT. TRUMBULL'S ROOM
text: Malinowski marks points on a big sheet of graph paper. He
text: appears troubled. Quite othezwise is.Trumbull, who wears
text: earphones plugged into a running tape recorder.
speaker_heading: . TRUMBULL
dialog: Fantastic. Where has this man
dialog: been all my life? He's a human
dialog: snakepit...
dialog: 
dialog: 72,
speaker_heading: FRADY AND THE BOX
text: MONTAGE as before, Frady barking answers as words race up and
text: explode on his retinas.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: (to "Jesus")
dialog: Jerk --
dialog: (to "cross")
dialog: Double --
dialog: (to "living")
dialog: Me -- :
dialog: (to "dead")
dialog: You --
dialog: (to "baby")
dialog: Abortion --
dialog: (to “rat")
dialog: Sweet -- .
scene_heading: INT. TRUMBULL'S ROOM . . . ~
text: Trumbull still wears earphones, listens with an even more
text: beatific expression. Malinowski has now joined the points
text: en his graph paper into an “odd-looking curve. He peers at
text: it and seems more than troubled.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: I swear, he has no conscience at .
text: all. He'd rape a roomful of Gold
dialog: Star Mothers...
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: Edward! Come here!
dialog: @
scene_heading: FRADY'S TEST MONTAGE
text: Words now coming so fast and exploding so brightly that it's
text: almost unbearable. Frady's half crazy and shouting his
dialog: ws
dialog: answers:
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: “(to "Santa Claus")
dialog: Fakel .
dialog: Z (to "“Hitler")
dialog: Heil!
dialog: + (to “Stalin")
dialog: Love!
dialog: . . . (to "“justice")
dialog: : “- " Grapl
dialog: (to "money")
dialog: Want -r want -~- WANTII!
text: The words-stop. Swirling biinding sparks recombine into
text: -pinpoint spot of light.
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: av.
dialog: &
dialog: 
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON FRADY
text: He pants and trembles, his face still pressed against
text: binocular eyepiece.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Your EYES remain at the VIEWER.
dialog: You are in a FIX SYNDROME. This
dialog: is NORMAL. Now you will see
dialog: PICTURES. You must EXAMINE these
text: pictures and EXPLAIN them in WORDS,
dialog: This is the FINAL PART of your TEST,
text: explaining in WORDS the PICTURES
dialog: which you will SEE.....
speaker_heading: iN THE VIEWER
text: The point of light suffuses into a glow which becomes in turn
text: an image full of violent color. Shadings and convoluted
text: shapes, solarized, changing constantly. They begin rather
text: like the nastiest blots of Rorschach set, and proceed from
text: there into hints of happenings of mind-blowing disgustingness
dialog: and horror. - :
speaker_heading: FRADY'S VOICE
dialog: I see -- it's a garden -- yes --
dialog: @ garden of flowers -= beautiful
dialog: - flowers -- I think -- some little
dialog: children playing -- no -- now I
dialog: sos see they're angels -- clouds --
dialog: it could be heaven -- angels and
dialog: things -- loving --
scene_heading: INT. TRUMBULL'S ROOM
text: Tape machine runs on in b.g. as Malinowski indicates his
dialog: graph. :
scene_heading: . . DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: Part One only, but notice the
text: beta-K factor. Already it shows
dialog: gross deviation.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: So he's a glorious freak.
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: I reject this concept "freak."
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Oh comé on, would Jesus Christ
dialog: have fitted your damn curves?
dialog: Would Landru? .
speaker_heading: * CONT.
dialog: 74.
dialog: -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: ~ DR. MALINOWSKI .
dialog: _ (dead serious)
dialog: Certainly. . I plotted them both,
dialog: -"""y Many years ago.
scene_heading: . CU - FRADY - AT TEST BOX
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Indians -- buffalos -- squaws
dialog: and kids and -- feasting and --
dialog: eating each oth-~ no, it can't
dialog: a be -- eating each oth--
dialog: (fighting nausea)
dialog: It's the happy hunting ground
dialog: that's what it is the big happy
dialog: hunting ground]!
text: ae Suddenly Frady gasps and goes limp. The overhead bulb goes
text: on again as ANGLE WIDENS.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: : fhe TEST is COMPLETED. Await:
dialog: oa . your NEW INSTRUCTIONS. - '
text: ~ , Frady lurches up, knocking the chair over. There's a door
text: at the side. It's locked. He crashes it open with his
text: shoulder. It's a bathroom. Frady plunges in as CAMERA -
text: PANS. Willy enters from outside. He's only surprised a
text: a moment at not seeing Frady, because then from bathroom
text: < there's SOUND like a brewery-horse peeing.
speaker_heading: . WILLY
dialog: We got a room for you. Here's
dialog: \ the key.
text: © Willy clanks a key on the desk. He goes to window and starts
text: ripping down tacked black cloth. He whistles over his
text: shoulder. A couple of MOVING MEN enter.
speaker_heading: : WILLY
dialog: aco Everything goes, boys. Truck's
text: - down in back. Chop-chop.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - TV MONITOR
text: On it an OVERHEAD SHOT of Frady, sprawled on a bed. PULL
text: © BACK from the monitor. We're in Trumbull's rocm again.
text: io It is NIGHT. Tape.machines have stopped and the other
dialog: ~~
text: x. . TV monitors are blank. -Willy is watching 'Frady as Trumbull
text: - gits finishing a big meal. There are now a half dozen
text: sheets of graph paper with curves laid out on the beds.
text: Dr. Malinowski is bent over them and smoking fiercely.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: I tell you -- these curves are
dialog: not possible,
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: So what do you suggest?
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: I suggest nothing! I only tell
dialog: you facts!
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: There's a phrase they use in the
dialog: CIA -=- “Termination With Extreme
dialog: Prejudice." D‘you know it?
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI .
dialog: Certainly. . ~
speaker_heading: - TRUMBULL
dialog: You're in some danger of that --
dialog: why don't you take a nice walk?
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: My tests have never failed you,
dialog: Edward. If you employ this man, : ‘
dialog: you are insane.
text: Malinowski walks out and slams the door as PHONE RINGS. Willy
text: answers it instantly. .
scene_heading: ete. weeny : - oe.
dialog: Willy here. -- Okay. -
dialog: (hanging up)
dialog: That was Gould. Still no findee
dialog: Harmon. :
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Annoying. Here we have an ideal
text: hunter, but the pigeon's flown.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: He'll show up.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: I have a notion, Willy. There
dialog: was that divorcee staying at the
dialog: Pelikas place, remember?
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Mrs. Gay. Marian Gay.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL -
text: I was rereading the case file.
dialog: - For some odd reason, our Mrs. Gay
dialog: didn't mention Harmon at the
dialog: sheriff's inquest. Maybe she's
dialog: in with him. Could you find her?
speaker_heading: : WILLY
dialog: Sure. We got everyone from the
dialog: inquest tagged.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL :
dialog: Do so, Willy. In haste. Find
dialog: her and chat with her. Run out
text: . to the air base and hitch a ride.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: I'm on my way. :
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Willy? -
dialog: (as he turns back)
dialog: I said chat with her. She's not
dialog: to suffer an accident. Dig me?
text: willy nods and exits. Trumbull stuffs down his last morsel
text: of apple pie. He rises and looks at Frady on the TV monitor.
text: Frady hasn't moved. Trumbull opens a bureau drawer and gets
text: out an attaché case.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Trumbull comes down it, with the case. He stops at a room
text: door. Listens a moment. Then he gets out a wey and slips
text: it in the lock and opens the door.
scene_heading: INTO THE ROOM - TRUMBULL'S P.O.V.
text: Prady's already on one elbow on the bed, looking this way,
text: his free hand slipped under his pillow.
scene_heading: TRUMBULL - IN THE DOORWAY
text: He half lifts his own hands ironically.
scene_heading: TRUMBULL.
dialog: . Don't shoot, Mr. Frady. .I come
dialog: in peace. I bear greetings from
dialog: the Parallax Corp.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: ON FRADY
text: He acts like he's been caught off base. He withdraws hand
text: from under pillow, rises from the squeaky bed.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: “What's the score?
scene_heading: INCLUDE TRUMBULL
text: Entering and closing door behind him.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Yours was excellent.
speaker_heading: FPRADY
dialog: I take your word. That was sure
dialog: a crazy deal, man. -
text: Trumbull walks over and lifts the pillow. Under it, not
text: at all to his surprise, is a pistol where Frady's hand
dialog: just was.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: You fascinate me. I presume
dialog: you've had extensive dealings
dialog: with the law.
speaker_heading: * FRADY
dialog: Okay, ‘pal -- forget about it.
dialog: You wanted to hire Boy Scouts,
dialog: should of said so in your ad.
dialog: Go stuff yourself.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL -
dialog: Don't be so touchy, Mr. Frady. :
dialog: Sit down -- I offer you a job.
text: Frady looks surprised. He lowers himself into a ratty
text: armchair. Trumbull solemnly places the attaché case on
text: Frady's knees and opens lid. Frady's eyes bug out.
text: INTO THE CASE
text: It's stuffed with neatly bundled money.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Who printed that?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: US. Mint. ' Fifty thousand’ of
dialog: their finest. It can be yours.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 9)
dialog: oy
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Who do I kill?
speaker_heading: , TRUMBULL
dialog: Whom would you kill?
speaker_heading: "sw FRADY
dialog: I don't have a mother so who do
dialog: I kill? - :
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: His name is Harmon.
speaker_heading: FRADY : ‘
dialog: What's he done to you?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: - . He has done it to us all, Mr. Frady.
dialog: Consider him an enemy of the people.
text: Frady looks blank a moment, then he nods.
speaker_heading: FRADY . ,
dialog: Okay. I don't get it but I'll buy
dialog: it. Harmon's dead. Where and when
dialog: and how?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: ‘We'll work that out.
text: Frady's eyes go down to the case again. He reaches to
dialog: 78.
dialog: touch
text: the long lovely green, but Trumbull snaps the lid down and
text: lifts the thing away.
speaker_heading: " TRUMBULL
text: Impetucus boy. Not so fast.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You neither.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL *
dialog: I beg your pardon?
text: Frady stands up. His eyes have become icicles.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Harmon's dead. No problem. But
dialog: price has gone up to a hundred.
dialog: . ” . . '
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Oh my. We are greedy.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: FRADY -
dialog: Hundred. Else I go to the fuzz
dialog: and report this.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Report what? I drop in to offer
dialog: you employment as a bulldozer
dialog: operator, and -- What on earth
dialog: are you talking about? You have
dialog: no evidence.
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: This is dreadfully unfair. You
dialog: see, I know whom I address, but
dialog: you of course don't.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Eat cowchips. Do I blow whistle
dialog: or don't I? . a
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Others have suffered from this
dialog: delusion, Mr. Frady. Ever heard
dialog: of Saint Elizabeth's Hospital?
speaker_heading: FRADY woot
dialog: No.
scene_heading: - TRUMBULL :
dialog: It's near Washington. The sad cases
dialog: I speak of now reside there at public
text: expense. Their suites are padded.
text: They defecate into rubber chamber
dialog: pots, for their own protection. Do
dialog: you really think your word would be
dialog: accepted against mine?
text: Suddenly he seems considerably thoughtful.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: And well you might frown, sir. I
dialog: am Edward Trumbull. I direct the
dialog: United States Bureau of Social
dialog: Structure. Look us up in the public
text: library. A small bureau, perhaps,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: r~
dialog: Re
dialog: 3;
speaker_heading: CU - FPRADY
scene_heading: FEATURE TRUMBULL
dialog: 3
dialog: ro
dialog: but respected.
dialog: (eurtly)
dialog: Remain here. Think. After a good
dialog: night's sleep, I might be induced
dialog: to forget your nonsense.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: )
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Trumbull comes charging out and shuts the door hard. He-
text: looks extremely pleased.
dialog: 
scene_heading: FRADY - IN HIS ROOM to has
text: Maybe his act wasn't such a smash. He sinks again into the
text: ratty plush armchair. .-
scene_heading: EXT. CITY PARK - EARLY MORNING
text: MIX from the last. It's soon after dawn. Frady sits again,
text: this time by the base of a statue: Lewis and Clark, or the
text: like. ‘There are pigeons around, but no one else. Frady
text: takes his badge out and looks at, it. It doesn't give much
text: comfort. He puts it away again. He looks at his watch.
text: Dredging a fistful of change from his pocket, Frady rises
text: and walks to an outdoor phone booth nearby.
dialog: ™~
scene_heading: INT. PROFESSOR WINSTON'S BEDROOM
text: He's sleeping when PHONE RINGS. Now SCREEN SPLITS to include
text: Prady in phone booth, in narrow panel at one side. Winston
text: gropes for bedside phone, answers it. >
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: - Hello? .
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Professor Winston?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Yes -- who is this?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Lieutenant Frady. Listen, I've
dialog: found out who dunnit.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Huh? What?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Those murders we discussed --
speaker_heading: . WINSTON
dialog: Oh for God's sake --
speaker_heading: PRADY :
dialog: Seems there's a bureau of the U.S.
dialog: Government. It's called "Social
dialog: Structure" -- that ring any bell?
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Winston hangs up. WIPE HIS PANEL. Frady's not too surprised.
text: He picks another dime from change stacked on ledge and dials
dialog: "Oo",
scene_heading: INT. HARMON'S BEDROOM
text: PHONE RINGING here too now. Claire's asleep, naked under a
text: rumpled sheet. She wakes just enough to pick up receiver
text: blearily. Again SCREEN SPLITS to include Frady in the
text: NARROWER PANEL at side.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Yuh? .
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Hi. It's olt pig. Me.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE ~
dialog: Wha? Where are you?
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: Ass deep in it.
dialog: (very seriously) ,
dialog: You better get out of there.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Bed?
speaker_heading: - FRADY
dialog: No -- wake up, Claire -- out of
dialog: -- Harmon's place. Forget what I
dialog: told you, it's too risky, clear
dialog: out right away -- you hear me??
text: A MAN with just a towel wrapped around his middle comes from
text: the bathroom, drinking alky-seltzer. It isn't Harmon, just
text: some good-looking type Claire picked up in the bar.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: Who in hell you gabbing with this
dialog: hour, sweetie?
text: Frady has heard a man's voice.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Clear out! I'm not kiddin'!
text: Frady's turn to hang up hard. WIPE CLAIRE'S PANEL. He leaves
text: the booth, terribly depressed. SOUNDS of some helicopter
text: clattering over the park, fast and low. Frady gives it a
text: brief automatic glance, then walks on with his head low and
text: his hands in his pockets.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - EARLY MORNING
text: Chopper with U.S. ARMY markings has just touched down. Rotors
text: still turn as Willy hops out and calls inside to the pilot:
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Thanks for the lift, amigo!
text: Willy sprints for parking area in b.g.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL WELLINGTON - DINING ROOM - MORNING
text: A cavernous dreary place. Trumbull is breakfasting alone,
text: with a newspaper folded open to stock market listings. He
text: pokes a fork sourly into a very overdone poached egg. He's
text: looking around for a Waitress when he sees Willy coming in
text: fast. Willy makes a beeline for Trumbull's table and sits
dialog: right down. .
scene_heading: . . TRUMBULL o~N
dialog: : Your manner is full of portent.
speaker_heading: _ WILLY
dialog: We've been fooled somewhat.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: After these petrified eggs, I'm
dialog: prepared for anything. Shoot me
text: the bottom line.
speaker_heading: WILLY
text: I chatted with the lady. One .
dialog: thing led to another, and we got
text: looking at some of the pictures
dialog: Gould rounded up. For the Harmon
dialog: file?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Willy. The bottom line?
dialog: !
speaker_heading: ‘e WILLY
dialog: We've found Harmon. Only he's
dialog: | not Harmon -- he's a detective
dialog: | lieutenant named Frady. Howzat
dialog: do you? .
text: Trumbull really is unflappable. He stares at Willy a beat.
text: Then he cuts his poached egg with a knife and puts it in his
text: mouth and chews it carefully, silently.
scene_heading: va ANOTHER TABLE - SAME DINING ROOM .
text: Someone else breakfasts here alone, hidden behind a newspaper.
text: Trumbull walks up.
speaker_heading: CONT,
dialog: 
dialog: gy
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: «
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: TRUMBULL , .
dialog: I'll apologize to you later.
text: Newspaper is lowered. It's Dr. Malinowski. He's still
text: stiff-necked from last night's incident.
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: Why? .
speaker_heading: : TRUMBULL
dialog: Later. Just tell me, please --
dialog: say someone knew the object of our
dialog: tests and tried to cheat -- score
dialog: high -- how effectively could he
dialog: do so?
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: It would greatly improve his score, . ~
dialog: of course. But it would not change
dialog: the basic personality profile. Why?
scene_heading: : . TRUMBULL
dialog: Thank you. Later.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY
text: Trumbull emerges from the dining room just as Frady enters
text: from the street. They see each other. They halt. Trumbull
text: walks across, as cheery as a birdie.
scene_heading: 2 TRUMBULL .
dialog: A good morning to you. Did you
dialog: sleep well?
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: Lousy. Too much thinking.
speaker_heading: : TRUMBULL
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: FRADY ~
dialog: Those tests musta scrambled my
dialog: brains. I was out of line. I
dialog: want the job -- your terms,
text: TRUMBULL. .
dialog: . I'm delighted.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: I got to know more, though. All
dialog: kinds of things.
speaker_heading: (CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL ~
dialog: Of course. Lunch with me?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: _I'm in a hurry now. I'll call
dialog: and let you know where and when,
dialog: all right?
text: Frady nods. He watches Trumbull exit quickly through
text: revolving doors. Then he drifts over to the lobby stand” © _
text: and picks up a couple of candy bars for breakfast.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET ~ DAY
text: Taxi pulls up in front of a restaurant. The marquee says
text: ‘*ba Jardiniere." Frady hops out. He looks up and down
text: street both ways, then goes toward the door.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - ENTERING WITH FRADY
text: We see it through his eyes: almost total darkness at first,
text: after bright sunlight. He gropes in, bumps against the
text: shadowy figure of a WOMAN just inside.
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: Scuse me.
speaker_heading: . 0 WOMAN
dialog: Mais certainement, m'sieu.
text: She steadies him with a hand, steps back. The scene grows
text: clearer as his eyes accommodate. The place is dim and
text: narrow, a typical French bistro joint. Frady peers into
dialog: the room ahead. © : .
speaker_heading: . PRADY
dialog: I think I'm expected. My name's
dialog: Prady.
speaker_heading: : WOMAN .
dialog: Ah yes. Your friend waits in the
dialog: garden, Lieutenant.
dialog: *
text: Frady takes a step before it socks him. He stops dead still.
text: PUSH IN TIGHT ON HIM. He can't have heard that right, but
dialog: he knows he did. -The Woman evidently thinks the darkness
text: here still bothers him.
dialog: . oe cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: o
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: @
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED oe :
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Can you see all right?
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Yuh. Fine. .
scene_heading: MOVING WITH FRADY - HIS P.O.V.
text: As he comes out of brief shock and walks down through the
text: narrow room. His gaze jumps along over the FEW COUPLES who
text: linger behind banquettes. He registers each face but resog-
text: nizes none. He continues on through door to garden at the
text: _end. There's a HIGH-KEY DAZZLE before his eyes re-accommodate
dialog: to sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN PATIO - DAY
dialog: - It's a pleasant place enclosed by a brick wall. There are
text: potted trees and shrubbery. ‘Trumbull is by himself at a
text: table toward the far wall. ‘He stands up with a drink in his
text: hand, the picture of a charming host.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL ,
dialog: Hello again. I don't imagine
dialog: you're very hungry.
dialog: (as Prady's eyes say
dialog: nothing) :
dialog: How about a drink, then?
dialog: (nothing)
dialog: You're annoyed with me. Is it
dialog: because I used your rank? I'm
dialog: sorry about that. Often it gets
dialog: one a better table.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'm tired. I slept awful. Can
dialog: we cut the crap? .
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Imagine -- getting an assignment
dialog: to eliminate yourself! Reckless
dialog: devil, aren't you?
text: Frady doesn't bother to answer. He cases the patio: its
text: high brick wall, no exit. Cocks his head with a sudden
text: thought, glances back toward the restaurant.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: She's ‘one of yours.
speaker_heading: ‘TRUMBULL
dialog: Eh? :
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: : CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Dame bumped into me. Probably
dialog: : searched me. :
speaker_heading: . TRUMBULL
dialog: yo Quite so. And I should add --
dialog: . there are others here with official
dialog: function. Sit down, won't you?
text: Trumbull smiles. Frady walks over and sits.
speaker_heading: _ PRADY
dialog: ' How long you known who I was? -
scene_heading: TRUMBULL .
dialog: I'm ashamed to say, since this
dialog: eC morning only. Our procedures have
dialog: . been shockingly careless in some ~
dialog: ways. I° count on you to improve
dialog: them, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: - FRADY , oy
dialog: Me to improve them.
speaker_heading: _ TRUMBULL
dialog: I admire you hugely. I invite you
dialog: to join the Bureau of Social Structure
dialog: on a permanent basis. :
dialog: : 8 FPRADY , Loe eee ee
text: He shows no particular reaction. His eyes track a mosquito that's
text: buzzing around annoyingly. :
speaker_heading: ° Se FRADY
dialog: Guess you really meant what you
dialog: said last night. Anybody tries
dialog: to tell this, gets a ticket to the
dialog: nuthouse.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Guaranteed. We may be careless in
dialog: some ways, but we never leave
dialog: evidence. You haven't a scrap.
dialog: You must realize that by now. Not
text: one scrap of concrete evidence.
text: Prady deesn't comment. The mosquito lands on his forehead. Whap!
text: He gets it. He flicks the remains away and wipes the spot
text: meticulously with a corner of tablecloth.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: ; . Tell me about the conspiracy.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: QO
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: Oo
dialog: 
dialog: _
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL AND
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: FRADY
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: I'd rather discuss America.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I wanted to be a ballplayer. My
dialog: knee went out and I'ma cop. I
dialog: know a few things about America.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Do you love your country?
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: You're embarrassing me.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Why? I love it too, Lieutenant.
dialog: This America, this great nation.
dialog: Godawful in many ways. Reeks of ~
dialog: violence, keeps slave populations
text: crammed in vile ghettos from coast
text: to coast. Hypocritical and unjust,
text: tasteless, overbuilt and under-
dialog: developed, can elect a Richard
dialog: Nixon. But. It's the last best
dialog: hope of the world. What's wrong
dialog: with America can possibly be
dialog: changed. Provided its existence
dialog: is preserved. We must manage its
dialog: suryival -- manage it.
dialog: (and no doubt he
dialog: “means all this)
dialog: The great threat to survival is
dialog: our pattern of native violence.
dialog: True, we got along with it for
dialog: two centuries. We had buffalo
dialog: to slaughter, and Indians and
dialog: blacks and gooks. But those
dialog: outlets are no longer permissible.
dialog: They are acceptable only to
dialog: contemptible maniacs. So how
dialog: will we live with our inbred
dialog: violence for the next century?
dialog: Or fifty years or even ten --
dialog: what do you think?
speaker_heading: FPRADY ‘
dialog: _I don't know.
speaker_heading: + TRUMBULL
dialog: You don't know. But you are a
dialog: policeman. Yau are aware of the
text: ever-increasing incidents.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ce)
dialog: Q
dialog: ey
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FRADY - .
dialog: Yes. Maybe.
text: Trumbull stands up ‘and paces around the pretty little patio
text: enclave, gesturing and spouting quite impressively. He is
dialog: certainly a dedicated and sincere man.
scene_heading: FEATURING TRUMBULL Fete”
speaker_heading: : TRUMBULL
dialog: I don't care what their source
text: is. A lone madman with a Spanish
text: rifle, a handful of activists,
text: outraged black men, frightened
dialog: rich people on the hill -- each
text: presses on the other's living
dialog: space, on his beliefs, on his -
text: sacred miniscule possessions.
dialog: And his sense that no one cares. ~
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Get a rifle, get a pistol, get a
dialog: club, something with knots in the
dialog: end that will break a skull. Save
dialog: bottles. Fill them with low-lead
text: gas and stuff a rag in and throw
dialog: it. Make a bomb. Keep it handy.
dialog: You never know what's coming.
dialog: You'll see the nameless THEY coming
dialog: down your street one day, one
dialog: evening in the spring. Then what
dialog: will you do? Maybe they'll be all oy
text: black with beards and a crazy red
text: light in their eyes. Maybe they're
text: white, brutish, and big and tough
text: and bald with shotguns and automatic
dialog: weapons -- and uniforms. How do
dialog: you dissipate that pattern?
dialog: (turning around)
dialog: That's what my Bureau is for. We
dialog: were funded as a group to look for
dialog: ways to channel sociological
text: upheavals into coherent patterns,
dialog: and find ways to ease them.
dialog: (coming back to Frady)
dialog: And do.you know, sir? So far we
dialog: have not been at all successful.
dialog: Our researches indicate a society
dialog: that is NOT coherent, that is
dialog: basically NOT manageable. That
dialog: is responsive only to greater'and
dialog: greater dramas acted out in scenes
dialog: - of ever greater violence --
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: o
speaker_heading: QO
dialog: 
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FRADY , -
text: As he stands up suddenly, knocking his chair over, really
text: * gonked by something that's just penetrated to him late.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Jesus Christ! Back a ways, you
text: said -- “a lone madman with a
dialog: Spanish rifle" -- |!
scene_heading: WIDER - INCLUDE TRUMBULL
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Did I? I suppose so.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: But then -- that would got to
dialog: mean -- the assassination --
dialog: even YOU don't figure where was
dialog: any REAL, CONSPIRACY!
text: Trumbull smiles slightly. He doesn't deny it.
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: But then -- Jesus -- all those
dialog: people -- Hildy and Faversham and
dialog: Tucker and --.Jesus! -- you gone
dialog: and killed 'em all for NOTHING!
scene_heading: TRUMBULL .
dialog: Nonsense. They died for their
dialog: nation as truly as the Unknown
dialog: Soldier. Don't you see?
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Look at history, Lieutenant.
dialog: Nothing like the discovery of a
dialog: plot to pull a troubled country
dialog: together. Never fails.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: NO.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Charm of it is, we needn't even
dialog: decide yet who'll be revealed as
dialog: having been behind this plot. We
dialog: can contrive that too. Leftist,
dialog: rightest, whatever -- we'll pick
dialog: the villain to match the present
dialog: i + danger.
dialog: 
dialog: > 90.
scene_heading: : . CONTINUED
text: Prady shivers under the hot sun. He bends his head and
text: steals jerky sidewise glances at Trumbull.
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: no . Scuse me. I'm trying to believe
dialog: you're real.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Iam real. Sit down and let's
dialog: get on with business.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: . (dumb echo)
dialog: Business.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Your joining the Bureau. This
dialog: : waste of your talent must cease.
dialog: n)
speaker_heading: . - PRADY
dialog: - . : What you need me for? Isn't the
dialog: deal sewed up?
scene_heading: XQ . os : TRUMBULL
dialog: : . This one, almost. There will be
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: “os FPRADY
dialog: c . Others? You mean you're gonna
dialog: cook up other phony plots?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: But certainly. Sometimes we
dialog: even allow the incomparable Mr.
dialog: Hoover to "discover" one. It
dialog: keeps him youthful.
dialog: 
text: Trumbuli's sardonic smile is terrific. Frady's about to sit
text: down again when another thought strikes him. He stops still
text: and shivers once more, his eyes trying to bore right through
text: Trumbull's skull.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: When'd you start all this?
text: . TRUMBULL .
dialog: I really don't see how that's --
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: When did you start killing?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: - CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FRADY (Cont.)
dialog: (his voice rising)
dialog: Was it after the assassination or
dialog: before? Did you MAYBE PULL THAT
dialog: a OFF TOO???
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: You're beginning to tire me. Sit
dialog: down.
text: Co That wasn't exactly an answer, but Frady doesn't push it. He
text: sits down. His manner seems suddenly cagey.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Say I do join up. How could you
dialog: trust me?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: A reasonable question, finally.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Hell. You couldn't ever trust me.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: There's a woman named Mrs. Gay.
dialog: You unhappily involved her.
speaker_heading: 7 7 FRADY
dialog: Involved her.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: As a result, she knows rather more
dialog: than I like. Now she and her boy
dialog: must be terminated. You will -
dialog: perform this action. By so doing,
dialog: you will earn our trust.
text: Prady considers that for a moment.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I set up an accident, huh?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Leaky gas-main. Boom!
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: That's a rough assignment.,
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Nonsense. Candy from baby.
dialog: ”
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 91a.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'm acop, Mz. Trumbull. You're
dialog: asking me to change my spots awful
dialog: quick.
speaker_heading: : TRUMBULL
dialog: Not true.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: What you mean?
dialog: (real interest in
dialog: this) : .
dialog: Because I'm a cop’ I gotta be a
dialog: natural killer? :
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Aren't you?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Well. <I maybe shot a few. But
dialog: I always felt real lousy after.’
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Bourgeois guilt, Lieutenant.
dialog: Let me lift that load. Your
text: test-profile reveals a heart
dialog: without mercy. Accept thyself.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: >
dialog: 9
dialog: ©
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CU - FRADY
dialog: 92.
text: He ponders it silently. ANGLE LOOSENS. Trumbull hands him
text: a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: . TRUMBULL
dialog: The lady's address, Go forth and
dialog: do your thing. At once. The Bureau
dialog: blesses you,
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: What happens if I ram this twelve
dialog: feet up your ass?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Sounds fatal.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I meant what happens to me.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: So did I.
text: Frady ponders again. He nods to himself. -He sticks slip in
text: Prady leaves.
text: . his pocket and stands up. . ,
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I got lots to do. Put in my
dialog: retirement papers, lots of things. -
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL Se
dialog: First things first.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Okay. I'll go back to the hotel
dialog: and pack up, take right off. How
dialog: do I check in with you? .
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: We won't be far. Don't worry.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Shit, man. Who's worrying?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL WELLINGTON - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Frady comes from his room, carrying an overnight bag. He
text: walks down to closed door of another room. Puts an ear to
dialog: it a moment,
dialog: then knocks. . my
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ay
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT, TRUMBULL'S ROOM — :
text: Dr. Malinowski is there by himself, packing up graphs and
text: “ stuff. He hears the knock, goes over and opens the door
text: against the safety chain.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Chief around?
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: No he is not.
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: Lemme in a minute.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Come on, I'm with you. Lemme in.
text: Dr. Malinowski hesitates, but then he undoes: the chain.
text: Prady comes in and closes the door behind hin. Stands
text: looking around the room.
scene_heading: - DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: What is it you wish? ’
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: . Hey, I know your VOICE. You're
dialog: the VOICE of those TESTS.
dialog: - (getting no denial)
dialog: And I guess what you find out in
dialog: your tests is never WRONG -- is .
dialog: that RIGHT?
scene_heading: DR. MALINOWSKI
dialog: Certainly.
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: I'll buy it.
text: Frady kicks him in the balls, uppércuts him as he sags
text: forward, catches hint’and yells at him:
speaker_heading: FRADY :
dialog: Sonsabitches! YOU PULLED OFF
text: ALL THE ASSASSINATIONS TOO!
dialog: (slapping and
dialog: shaking him)
dialog: DIDN'T YOU?
text: Only reply is retching sounds. Frady throws a forearm .
text: under Malinowski's chin, drags him backward into bathroom.
text: Frosted window is partly open. rady looks out and down.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: $4,
scene_heading: FROM BATHROOM WINDOW oe :
dialog: deny
text: Straight down a grimy airshaft to alley of garbage cans five
dialog: stories below. :
text: BACK TO BATHROOM
text: Frady stuffs Dr. Malinowski through the window. It's a
text: tight fit, but he goes. There's a slight delay and then
text: a terrific good CRASH as he lands. Frady exits.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY
text: - Frady comes from stairs and goes to desk, with his bag.
speaker_heading: . : , PRADY
dialog: Checking out. 527. I think it's
dialog: paid.
speaker_heading: DESK MAN ~
dialog: ie)
dialog: It's paid.
text: Frady heads for revolving doors to street.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING CAR - INTERSTATE HIGHWAY - DAY
text: ‘ Prady drives fast. He takes a little bat ttery tape recorder
text: — from seat beside him, props it up on ledge under windshield
text: and punches it on to “Record” and starts reciting factually
dialog: into its built-in mike:
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: My name is Frady. Lieutenant of
dialog: detectives, State Police. June
dialog: 20th, about 3 p.m., I returned
dialog: from the County Morgue to find a
dialog: woman named Miller in my office...
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: oO
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - EVENING
text: Frady drives up and parks in front of a house. He gets out
text: and stands a moment, his eyes casually roving as he appears
text: to be checking house number against a slip of paper. Eyes
dialog: notice something o.s.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES
text: Another car parked diagonally across street, its hood up,
text: a MAN tinkering with engine. MOVE IN as the fellow glances
text: up. It's Gould, fake census taker whom Frady chased vainly
text: outside Harmon's place.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: BACK TO FRADY
text: No deal of it, but he makes Gould instantly. He checks slip
text: of paper again, heads up path to the house.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Marian Gay pours milk for her kid Todd, who's eating in front
text: of TV set. SOUND of front door chime.
speaker_heading: | MARIAN .
dialog: Drink your milk.
text: FOLLOW HER through to front. She peeks out a panel beside
text: door. She sees Frady and looks like she wants to run, but
text: ‘his finger is hard on button. BONG BONG BONG BONG. She
text: opens the door. Frady steps in and pushes it right closed
text: behind him. .
scene_heading: . PRADY ~
dialog: Evening.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Whe are you? What do you want??
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: I got a contract to kill you.
speaker_heading: CU - MARIAN , , -
text: Her face is a silent scream. She lurches back and sits down.
speaker_heading: INCLUDE FRADY
text: He slips revolver from shoulder holster.
speaker_heading: *PRADY 7
dialog: IZ I don't do it there's a guy
dialog: outside who will. Where's the
dialog: kid?
speaker_heading: , MARIAN
dialog: No -- please -- he's not here --
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Best thing would be to let the
dialog: guy try. Bit of luck, I could
dialog: hang 'em for killing you.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Please -- he isn't here --'! 1
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: Qa
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: FRADY ~
dialog: It'd be a helluva good bargain
dialog: too. You and the kid against --
text: He breaks off, hearing some SMALL SOUND from back of house.
text: He reacts fast. He yanks Marian up and swings her around
text: and pushes her with the gun in her back through dining area
text: toward where that sound came from.
text: IN THE KITCHEN \
text: Todd must have been listening. He's grabbed up a big carving
text: knife, is waiting with it as his mother and Frady come through
text: the swinging door. He lunges and nicks Frady's arm, but Frady
text: is twisting already and backhands the kid, knocking him flat
text: on his ass. Marian makes whimpering noises. The TV set sings
text: that life is great with a Coke. Frady flips out his badge.
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Don't move. Don't do anything.
dialog: I'm a police officer.
text: He might as well say he's from Mars. Frady understands.
scene_heading: ANGLING ON TODD
text: Kid comes to life, scrambles up and tries to grab another
text: knife from set on magnetic holder. Frady gets around in
text: front and wallops him again and knocks him cold for sure
dialog: this time. ° .
speaker_heading: MARIAN ce cee ee
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Please -- don't hurt him -- his
dialog: father's dead -- please -~- dead
dialog: -- he was a Navy pilot --
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: What's*that to do with this?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Whoever you are ~- oh please --
speaker_heading: ON FRADY
text: Dead Navy pilots leave him genuinely blank. He turns the
text: TV set up VERY LOUD and clicks safety catch off on his
dialog: revolver. ‘ :
dialog: 
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF HOUSE
text: Gould has the door of Frady's car open. He's holding a metal
text: box about the size of a cigarette carton. He twists a little
text: _ timer-knob on the end, slips the box under the driver's seat.
text: As he's closing the car door there's a big muffled BOOM!
text: BOOM! from inside house. It seems to surprise him a little.
text: He steps back into the street. Frady appears at living room
text: window. He looks directly out at Gould and jerks his head.
text: Gould hesitates. Then he slips a hand in a side pocket and
text: heads for the front door.
scene_heading: INT. MARIAN'S HOUSE
text: Frady opens the door. Gould slides in. Frady closes the
text: door and slams Gould with his gun. Gould tumbles and Frady's
text: right on top of him on his knees, smashing his head again and
text: again with pistol butt.
dialog: ~
scene_heading: TIGHT LOW ANGLE - UP AT FRADY
text: ' He's seriously berserk, flailing with his revolver and yelling
dialog: like he did at the late Dr. Malinowski.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Sonofabitch! It was YOUR ZOMBIES
dialog: ALL THE WAY! Wasn't it, WASN'T IT??
text: He's not going to get any answer. The man's skull has been
text: cracked in any number of places. Frady stops in midswing.
text: He shivers. Perhaps it's occurring to him that he does
text: belong with Trumbull's murderous Bureau. He shivers again
text: at the o.s. sight of what he has just done and stands up.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Marian has appeared in be. g. and is just staring.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: That was the last easy one. You
dialog: got anything I could drink?
text: She disappears back into kitchen like she didn't hear. Frady
text: bends and slips an automatic from Gould's side pocket, drops
text: it into his own. He's still holding his revolver by the
text: barrel. He notices foreign matter on the butt. He goes and
text: wipes it on a drape. .
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Todd is still out cold. Marian is cradling his head, sponging
text: it where it got bashed against edge of table. fFrady walks in.
text: There's another lyrical commercial on the TV. FPrady kills it
text: and looks down at them.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Where'd he get dead? Vietnam?
speaker_heading: . MARIAN
dialog: What's that to do with anything?
text: Frady nods. Marian rises in a jerky mechanical way and opens
text: cabinet under sink. She gets out a bottle of "Liquid Drano”
text: with usual skull-and-crossbones warning and sets it down on
text: counter in front of Frady.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: You wanted something to drink.
text: She goes down again beside her boy, continues to sponge his
dialog: head. .
speaker_heading: PRADY ~
dialog: You know I really am a cop.
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Yes, Officer.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Anyway. Word must be out on me
dialog: by now. We gotta run.
speaker_heading: . MARIAN
dialog: Yes, Officer.
speaker_heading: . PRADY
dialog: They know my car. You got one?
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Yes, Officer.
speaker_heading: * FRADY
dialog: Where's the keys?
speaker_heading: MARIAN .
dialog: Yes, Officer. *
text: Frady realizes that the bloody horror she saw on her living
text: room rug has left her in a real state of shock. He yanks
text: her up and slaps her face.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Where's the keys?? -
dialog: ~ 1
dialog: |
dialog: aye
dialog: 
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. GARAGE IN BACK - TWILIGHT
text: Marian's wagon'is in it. She stumbles out through the con-
text: necting door from house, ahead of Frady, who carries Todd.
text: He pitches kid into back seat. Marian still seems in a daze,
text: so he pushes her in after and slams the door and jumps in
text: himself behind the wheel. Frady starts the engine and backs
dialog: out fast. :
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - IN THE STREET
text: Frady jams on the brakes and pushes backwards, trying to
text: slide driver's seat backward on its tracks. It will only
text: go a bit, then jams. He pushes open his door and fumbles
text: at the seat catch. CAMERA DROPS. We see his fingers brush
text: around the end of another metallic box under the seat,
text: gzactly like the one we saw Gould slip into his own car in
dialog: ont. :
scene_heading: FRADY'S VOICE . ~
dialog: What the hell's wrong with this
dialog: seat, I can't seem to --
dialog: (stops- abruptly)
dialog: ,
scene_heading: IN SIDE-VIEW MIRROR
text: What could be the shadowy figure of a MAN is seen to step
text: back behind a tree. PAN to Frady. He's looking in the
text: mirror, seeing this, and he's not going to worry about his
text: seat position any more just now. He pulls the door shut
text: and spins the wheel and guns off down the street. .
scene_heading: ANOTHER SHOT - SAME STREET
text: It was a man behind that tree. He steps out. We may recog-
dialog: nize him: he's the fellow who picked up Claire and was with
dialog: her when Frady phoned that early morning. If we fail to
text: recognize him, no matter. He walks quickly to a car parked
text: in driveway, engine idling. Behind its wheel is Willy.
text: Fellow jumps in and they take off.
scene_heading: INT. MARIAN'S WAGON - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Frady makes time down a four-lane highway. There are head-
text: lights in his rear-view. Marian is in the seat behind,
text: still holding Todd. Her face is glassy, with a kind of
dialog: loony apathy.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You awake?, :
speaker_heading: MARIAN
dialog: Course not. It's a dream.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a | . “7 100.
dialog: a me CONTINUED ee ao - .
speaker_heading: - : FRADY
dialog: Pinch yourself. Take this --
text: + uu. He produces the gun he lifted off Gould, hands it back to
text: . : her. Marian sticks it right into the nape of Frady's neck
text: : and pulls the trigger.- There's a click. She makes a face
dialog: -+«.. . Of childlike disappointment. i . :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: oe ee eee Ok Non unloaded it...
dialog: : +, PRADY, . we
dialog: Won't matter, Put it in your
dialog: purse, I'm taking you two to an
dialog: : vate > airport. Hop the first plane to
dialog: . anywhere. Soon as it's up, pull
dialog: ~ of, that gun and say "Havana."
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARIAN |
dialog: You're crazy, Officer. I intend
dialog: to report you. i :
speaker_heading: wre FRADY ,
dialog: Tote Sanne sss You do that. From Havana. It's
dialog: vf . the one place they might not have
dialog: ; a@ reach. me :
dialog: (eyes focused on
dialog: lights in mirror)
dialog: Hold tight. :
dialog: @
text: Frady steps on the gas. : ve
scene_heading: INT. WILLY'S CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
dialog: ay
text: eS Willy steps on his gas too. Other Killer peers at his watch.
scene_heading: . . OTHER KILLER
dialog: Three minutes to boom. What's
dialog: the big hurry? :
dialog: Oo
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: I'm possibly perverted, I like
dialog: to watch. . soon
scene_heading: SHOTS ~ THE TWO CARS
dialog: so
text: Prady swings off the four-laner onto a dark farm road. The
dialog: ma wagon has rotten suspension, but FPrady's a pro at this.
text: Willy has a good foot too. He keeps up through skids and
text: “ things, but finally he spins oct somewhere. It doesn't
text: smash Willy's car, just stalls it and makes Willy say "Oh
dialog: . fudge!" : erie .
dialog: yio
dialog: 
dialog: iol.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. MARIAN'S WAGON
text: FPrady rounds a curve at speed, one eye locked on the now-
text: dark rear-view mirror. It's late when he sees what is
text: dead ahead: lowered gate of a RAILWAY GRADE CROSSING, with
text: a DIM RED LIGHT flashing and swinging as a LONG SLOW FREIGHT
text: lumbers through.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUTS
text: Prady tries to floor the brake, but with the seat way forward
text: that way his knee snags the dash and he misses the pedal,
text: and Marian jumps up in back and screams, and Frady kicks
text: again and yanks at hand brake and spins the wheel all at
text: once, and the wagon slews around to a crazy crash stop.
scene_heading: ANGLE - STOPPED WAGON
text: Its behind is right through the guard gate, about a yard
text: from:the clattering train. Marian has been pitched forward
text: into the front seat. Frady jumps out, his knees watery with
text: relief and anger. Damn stuck seat almost killed him. He
text: ducks down, slamming at the seat catch, trying to see and
text: feel what's jamming the track underneath. He sees. PUSH IN
text: TIGHT as he freezes for a split second and then shouts:
speaker_heading: . . FRADY
dialog: GET OUT!!
speaker_heading: OVERHEAD SHOT
text: Frady leaps up and yanks open back door, hauls at Tedd.
text: dust as he gets him out there's an EXPLOSION from under the
text: ariver's seat, a blasting flash that sends Frady and Todd
text: backward through the air.
dialog: DOWN THE ROAD A PIECE
text: Willy's car coasts to a stop on the shoulder with no lights.
text: He and the Other Killer get out.. Moonlight glints on their
text: +357 magnum revolvers.
speaker_heading: ON FRADY
text: He's stunned in a ditch. He stumbles up and runs to the
text: wagon. It's not burning but one look is enough. The whole
text: front-seat section has been blown totally to hell. It went
text: off right under Marian. He goes back to whare he picked
text: himself up from.
text: ANGLING ON TODD . ,
text: Kid lies sprawled beside same ditch. Blown-off car door is
text: partly over him. It looks to have gashed and broken one leg
text: i . CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: my
dialog: a
speaker_heading: € eC
dialog: - 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: quite badly. But he is breathing and his eyes are wide open
text: if not exactly seeing. Frady kneels beside him.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Hey, kid -- can you hear me?
speaker_heading: . TODD
dialog: . (feeble)
dialog: Where's Mom?
text: Sudden BLAZE OF LIGHT on Frady and the BWAAAANG! of a ricochet.
text: A shiny new gash has appeared in the blown-off door panel.
text: Frady rolls Todd into the ditch and dives in after him, whip-
text: ping revolver from its holster. :
scene_heading: OVER FRADY'S SHOULDER - DOWN THE ROAD L -
text: The HEADLIGHTS of Willy's car are. on him blindingly. BANG!
text: and BANG! and Frady has shot them both out. A beat of nothing
text: and then a figure pops up from ditch and FIRES at him, and as
text: Frady FIRES ONCE back.it is-gone and another figure pops up
text: from ditch on the other side and FIRES too and also instantly
text: is gone. They're like tin figures in a mechanical shooting
dialog: gallery. - :
scene_heading: BACK TO FRADY Ds
text: He's poised with “finger on trigger, then thinks of something.
text: Flips out cylinder of his revolver. His thought was correct:
text: two bullets blown inside Marian's house, another three just
text: now. That leaves him here in a ditch with a badly hurt kid
text: and exactly ONE BULLET left, and he isn't packing ammo. The
text: situation is not wholly promising. He turns his head to look
text: behind him. :
text: TOWARD THE TRACKS
text: The train is still crashing noisily through the grade cross~-
dialog: ing. The locomotives have been gone ahead during all of
text: this, but now light of caboose can be seen coming down the
dialog: track.
scene_heading: DOWN THE ROAD = LEFT SIDE DITCH
text: Willy is crawling forward.
scene_heading: DOWN THE ROAD - RIGHT SIDE DITCH
dialog: . '
text: The Other Killer is’ advancing too.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: oF
dialog: 103.
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: , WITH FRADY
dialog: , . .
text: vr He flips his last bullet back into firing position and draws
text: : a careful bead on lower rear end of the wagon. He FIRES.
text: . Wagon's gas tank goes up in a WHOOSH OF FLAME,
scene_heading: : INT. MOVING. CABOOSE
dialog: ) . .
text: 2 Couple of TRAINMEN in it. One was lounging idly at front,
text: looking out through forward-facing window. He isn't idle
text: . any more. He grabs up train's intercom phone and pushes
dialog: the buzzer. .
scene_heading: ' a . lst TRAINMAN
dialog: ro . Hit the brakes!
scene_heading: ‘ ON WILLY - IN THE DITCH
text: He stops, reacting to change of TRAIN SOUNDS. Now the ©
text: a clashing of brake shoes, air hissing, and the start of a_ ‘
text: “ wave of coupling-bangs. Willy sets himself, then bounds
text: up and dashes low across the road and dives into ditch on
text: other side beside his mate.
scene_heading: — OTHER KILLER
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: ~ : ” WILLY
dialog: Itll go up. You cover. One
dialog: wrong move, you stand up and
dialog: blast everyone in sight.
scene_heading: c FRADY AND TODD - IN THEIR DITCH
text: Stopping-noises of train very loud as Frady puts his face
text: close to the kid's ear.
speaker_heading: © : FRADY
dialog: . How bad's the leg?
speaker_heading: TODD ~
dialog: I dunns. Where's Mom?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Grab hold of my belt. Hold on
dialog: and crawl after me best you can.
dialog: There's a lot riding on you.
text: Frady takes a reel of recording tape out of his own pocket
text: and sticks it in Todd's shirt pocket and then buttons the
dialog: flap down.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Hold onto my belt!
scene_heading: ‘ . CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: -The ANGLE SHIFTS. Now we see what Frady saw before. The
text: drainage ditch runs under the tracks ahead through a big
text: corrugated pipe. Frady positions himself in front of Todd,
text: hooks the kid's hands in his belt and starts crawling
text: dragging him toward the pipe. Todd's busted leg is no
dialog: help at all. .
scene_heading: ANGLING ON TRAIN
text: It shudders to final hissing halt with caboose only yards
text: from Marian's blazing pyre. The Trainmen jump off and run
text: up with big flashlights.
speaker_heading: lst TRAINMAN
dialog: Bejesus. .
text: Willy walks up INTO SHOT. He has one hand in a side pocket
dialog: and his coolness is terrific. : ~
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: It's a damn crime.
speaker_heading: lst TRAINMAN '
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: _ WILLY
dialog: Way they make cars these days.
text: Her gas tank blew up.
speaker_heading: 2nd TRAINMAN
dialog: - - You see it? - :
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Passed me a mile back, going like
text: a bat. Gas was leaking right out
dialog: on the road. Pouring. I tried
dialog: to catch up, but I guess it got
text: to her tailpipe first.
dialog: “ ‘
text: Willy is standing there easily, but his eyes rove.
speaker_heading: WILLY'S P.O.V.
text: It scans the ditch and around. No sign of Frady any more
text: where the blown-off car door lies. Low dialog o.s. during
dialog: this:
speaker_heading: . A ist TRAINMAN
dialog: Whatta we do, Joe?
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 105.
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 4 :
scene_heading: we . 2nd TRAINMAN
dialog: There's no helping the poor lady,
dialog: | that's for sure. What a horrible
dialog: . stink.
text: Willy's gaze JUMPS IN HARD on something. It's one of Todd's
text: 7 shoes. it lies there just at the opening of the corrugated
dialog: pipe where it fell off. |
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: I saw a farmhouse. I'll drive
text: back and call.
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: BACK TO SCENE ;
speaker_heading: i ist TRAINMAN
dialog: Yeah, I guess that'd be okay. TI .
dialog: ~ . mean it's not like the car run into ~
dialog: e us. We weren't in any wreck.
speaker_heading: . 2nd TRAINMAN
dialog: You call. Case the police ask,
dialog: we'll be at Huntville Yard. . We're
dialog: @eadheadin' this junk back to the
dialog: ‘ . _ bonepile there.
dialog: ed ” .
speaker_heading: . WILLY
dialog: Huntville Yard. Gotcha.
scene_heading: ~ ' ot lst TRAINMAN
dialog: na . (at wreck, holding
dialog: his nose)
dialog: Bejesus.
text: They retreat fast and sick-looking toward caboose. One
text: é stops and waves his flashlight with a rotating motion toward
text: the locomotive far ahead in the night.
scene_heading: INT. STOPPED TRAIN - AN OLD MAIL CAR
dialog: 
text: Door is partly open on the side away from the action. By
text: moonlight we see Frady bent over Todd, who lies on a pile
text: of -dusty old mail sacks. Compressed air hisses 0.S. as
text: brake shoes relax from rims, Frady feels the boy's leg
text: where trouser is blood-soaked. He starts a sharp cry, but
text: Prady's hand goes quickly down over his mouth.
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Okay,* Easy. No noise.
text: He withdraws hand tentatively. - No cry, just the huge-eyed
text: gasping question again. .
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: eo
dialog: 
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: CONTINUED ' Loe :
dialog: ~ — Trond’ ; .
dialog: My Mom.<- ??
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You were out a while. Someone
dialog: come and picked her up. Didn't
dialog: have room for us, though, so
dialog: we're taking a different way.
dialog: Just lie quiet now, I'm going
dialog: to put you a tourniquet...
text: Big jerk as the coupling slack is taken up and the ‘exain
text: starts to move.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN
text: Much crashing noise as it gets going. At last moment Willy
text: and his mate come running up low and clamber onto coupling
text: platform at rear of old railway mail car.
scene_heading: INT. MAIL CAR - MOVING TRAIN
text: Frady has made a tourniquet from strip of shirt, has it
text: twisted around Todd's thigh above the wound. The boy looks
text: poorly: face is filmed with sweat and breath is shallow.
text: He moans at the car's constant jolts.
scene_heading: EXT. COUPLING PLATFORM - MOVING TRAIN
text: The heavy steel door into mail car is locked. Willy puts
text: his magnum muzzle close to it and FIRES. Door is still
dialog: locked. They made them tough in those days. He aims to
dialog: shoot again.
scene_heading: INT. MAIL CAR - FRADY
text: He kneels holding the tourniquet, looking at his wristwatch.
text: Another BANG! from outside. We can distinguish it from
text: train noisé, but Frady doesn't. BANG! again. A couple of
text: beats, then Frady suddenly swivels his head in delayed reaction.
scene_heading: HIS P.O.V. - ZOOMING TO CU
text: Door at the end. Same kind of BANG! again and chips of ancient
text: paint fly off the inner surface.
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: EXT. COUPLING PLATFORM
text: Willy and his mate FIRE TOGETHER. Lock area looks like it's
text: been hit with a bazooka. Willy tries the door delicately.
text: The lock has been smashed. It is going to open now. But he's
text: careful. He takes clip from his gun and-rams in a new one.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: “ Ditto his friend. Willy says something into his ear which we
text: can't hear over noise, but from their new positions the idea
text: is clear: Willy will go in now while the Other Killer covers
text: him from the coupling platform.
scene_heading: INT. MAIL CAR - ANGLE ON DOOR
text: It opens abruptly and Willy steps in with gun leveled. TILT
text: UP QUICK. Frady is up above on iron ladder attached to end
text: bulkhead, holding a mail sack. Frady leaps down, holding
text: the sack open and inverted. .
scene_heading: QUICK ANGLES - THE ACTION
text: It's unbelievably fast. The sack whomps down over Willy's
text: head and shoulders and Frady knees. him in the crotch and
text: slams him back into the steel wall and knees him again on
text: the bounce and has snatched the pistol from his hand and_
text: dropped to one knee and spun around.
dialog: 
text: The Other Killer is just rushing in. BOOM! and his shot
text: goes over Frady's head and BOOM! Frady's return shot goes
text: into the guy's nose and he goes cartwheeling backwards into
text: the clattering night, dead before he'll hit the crossties.
text: Frady turns again. oo
scene_heading: INCLUDE WILLY , -
text: He's on his haunches at base of side wall, stunned and
text: retching under his canvas straitjacket. Stenciling on it
text: says "U.S. Government Property." As Willy scrabbles at .
text: bottom edge, Frady keeps the gun right on him and moves
text: backward, back to where Todd lies. With his left hand, -
text: Frady gropes and finds the tourniquet and twists it tight
text: again. Willy finally gets the sack up off his head. His
text: own gun looks at him and Prady suddenly and at last remembers.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'll be damn. Lobby of the OK
dialog: Corral. You were buying some
dialog: souvenir. ‘
text: Willy moves like he's going to stand up. BOOM! Frady shoots
text: him through a kneecap. Willy says "Qooooh" and sits down
dialog: again pretty quick.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: You silly pig. Trumbull will
dialog: get you. ~ . moa
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: ee
dialog: —— . los.
speaker_heading: - CONTINUED
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Likely true. But meantime I've
dialog: got you, and you're gonna tell
dialog: me some things.
speaker_heading: ew WILLY
dialog: What makes you think so?
text: BOOM! Frady shoots him through the other kneecap.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: Ocooocoh.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Let's start at the top. Way
dialog: back, before the assassinations
dialog: began -- ~
speaker_heading: - WILLY
dialog: You must be hallucinating. What
dialog: assassinations? .
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Flop on your face. Crawl over
dialog: here on your elbows and put out
dialog: your hands flat.
scene_heading: . . WILLY
dialog: What for? :
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'm gonna hurt you a couple of .
dialog: ways. .
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: You sad silly pig. Your little
dialog: pig brain just cannot dig it.
speaker_heading: FPRADY :
dialog: What? ‘
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: I'm an old-fashioned patriot,
dialog: FPrady. I have faith. I ain't
dialog: scared of dying for my country.
dialog: Shit! You might as well threaten
text: a statue of Nathan Hale.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a 109.
scene_heading: CONTINUED : a : Ta,
speaker_heading: . : FRADY
dialog: Crawl over here and let's mash a
text: few fingers.
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: ~ : . . Can I have a cigarette first?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: No way. Flop over and crawl.
speaker_heading: ON WILLY
text: He makes a sad face and sighs and obediently he flops forward.
text: “He lands on his elbows with his hands folded under him, and
text: before Frady can do a damn thing Willy has darted a hand into
text: breast pocket and come up with a tiny something and holds it
text: right in front of his eyes. PUSH IN TIGHT, It's a small
text: shiny BLACK CAPSULE.
dialog: 
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: CU = FRADY
text: He's a dummy. A shot ‘would blow Willy's brains out.
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: WILLY
speaker_heading: WILLY
dialog: This is ridiculous. I've always
dialog: been fond of train rides...
text: fhe sonofabitch has style. He pops capsule in his mouth and
text: grinds it, and Willy is grinning at Frady for the whole two
text: Seconds it takes before the cyanide hits him and he convulses
text: in a rictus and screams.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Past Frady in silhouette against the partly open door of the
text: mail car. A fragment of America rattles past. In a suburban
text: backyard we glimpse someone drinking beer and building a boat,
text: and Willy's scream has stopped, and some kids are playing, and
text: Frady dumbly lowers his stupid gun.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - EMERGENCY RECEPTION AREA - NIGET
text: It's quiet. Wall clock says like 3:30. Frady sits ona
text: straight chair in an office cubicle as a bored ADMISSION
text: CLERK types stuff on a card. vo
speaker_heading: .t LERK
dialog: Hospitalization?
speaker_heading: . . FRADY
dialog: - How'd’ I know that?
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: CONTINUED . . -
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: oo: Don't know much, do you?
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: I told you, I was driving. Saw
text: the kid in the road all alone.
dialog: Just picked him up and brought
text: him in. Might be a runaway .
dialog: orphan, all I know. .
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: No identification.
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: . None I know. Only that stuff
dialog: you got there from his pockets.
scene_heading: ANGLE - CLERK'S DESK ~
text: Stuff from any boy's pockets. Like scout knife, a bit of
text: Change, frayed rabbit's foot. And a REEL OF RECORDING TAPE.
text: As we MOVE IN on this-last until it looks enormous:
speaker_heading: FRADY'S VOICE
dialog: Be safe, won't it? :
speaker_heading: CLERK'S VOICE
dialog: Safe? .
speaker_heading: * PRADY'S VOICE
dialog: Stuff. Might be important just
dialog: to him. .
speaker_heading: CLERK'S VOICE
dialog: . Oh sure. Long as nothing worth
dialog: stealing, it's safe. Have your
dialog: name, please?
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Andrew Winston. Spelled --
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I got it. Winston. Like the
dialog: cigarette should. Address?
speaker_heading: : FRADY
dialog: State University. Here, I have
dialog: it writ down for you.
dialog: (giving her.a bit
dialog: of paper)
dialog: I'ma prof there.
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: oy
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: e&
dialog: 
dialog: lll.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: “ “r wouldn't of guessed.
text: Frady ignores that, stands up with a frown.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You sure nobody called in about
dialog: a missing kid, huh?
speaker_heading: CLERK :
dialog: No report yet. .
speaker_heading: . PRADY
dialog: Funny. Must've been hours now.
dialog: Look -- if the kid's folks don't
dialog: show by morning, I want you to
dialog: call me. Be sure you call me.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: You want-to take responsibility?
speaker_heading: ” pRapy
dialog: Yuh. / ,
speaker_heading: CLERK .
dialog: Okay, I'll put that down. But
dialog: they'll show up.
speaker_heading: . FRADY :
dialog: I'm sure. But in case. Is that
dialog: all? woe ee
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (eyeing card)
dialog: Not much but all we got -- right,
dialog: Prof?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Right .on. ‘ :
speaker_heading: WITH FRADY
text: He leaves the Clerk's cubicle and walks down the hall a way.
text: There's a door that says: "EMERGENCY ROOM -= POSITIVELY NO
text: ADMITTANCE." He opens it.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM
text: Todd is unconscious: on the table, getting a transfusion and
dialog: being prepared for surgery. We can read lettering on hospital
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ey
dialog: 2
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: wristband NEAR CAMERA. It says: "BOY/NAME UNKNOWN" and then
text: some code numbers. An INTERN looks up and sees Frady in the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: Scram, mac. Cantcha read?
text: Frady nods and disappears.
scene_heading: ON FRADY - IN THE HALL
text: He looks disoriented and a little crazy suddenly, like maybe
text: he doesn't know where or who he is. He seratches his scalp
text: and looks at his hands. There's dried blood on them. Frady
text: charges into a stairwell across the way and starts up the
text: stairs three at a time.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - UPPER FLOOR . oé
text: Frady shows his badge’ to NURSE at floor desk.
dialog: -
speaker_heading: PRADY ,
dialog: I'just brought someone in -- is
dialog: somewhere I could wash?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: _ (pointing)
text: Second on the right.
text: Frady's almost running in that direction already.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL SCRUB ROOM , ‘
text: Frady washes himself like a maniac. Frady scrubs and.scrapes
text: and splashes carbolic solution and flushes it and starts
dialog: again. :
scene_heading: EXT. STATE UNIVERSITY CAMPUS - EARLY MORNING
text: Frady walks fast along a flagstone path.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CLOSE ON WINSTON
text: He's in pajamas on edge of bed, clenching phone and making
text: not entirely coherent sounds into its speaker.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Yes -- yes that's right, I'm --
dialog: what? -- am I a relative -- 7?
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
text: “imeem net a ean eet ar hte a ittalene Chats Lael astineutee one:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Foe Reman ae otek tlle acne werk bake
dialog: 113.
text: PULL BACK FAST. Frady's about three feet away. ‘His revolver
text: isn't pointed at Winston, but it's in his hand. Frady nods
text: and prompts him low: .
speaker_heading: FRADY
text: Pather's side.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Yes, I'm related -- to his father.
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: All right. I'll drive over. Yes!
dialog: Goodbye!
text: He bangs down receiver and stares at Frady.
dialog: - fe
speaker_heading: FRADY \
dialog: That's good. You can take cara : ”
dialog: of him. It's right you do,
speaker_heading: - WINSTON
dialog: Why? Loe : ,
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I dunno. Poppa was a pilot, got
dialog: killed out there.
speaker_heading: - WINSTON
dialog: What? . :
dialog: (standing up in
dialog: indignation)
dialog: What's that to do with me??
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I dunno.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: You're simply out of your mind!
dialog: wt :
speaker_heading: . FPRADY
dialog: Yuh. But I got reason. I seen
dialog: things and learned things and
dialog: done things that -- a dog shouldn't
dialog: =~ no dog should do --
dialog: (shaking that off)
dialog: You were saying when the phone rung
dialog: -- you know this Trumbull, huh?
speaker_heading: . WINSTON
dialog: I said I'd met him,
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: QO
dialog: 
scene_heading: - CONTINUED |
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: That'd be in Washington. Back
dialog: in the glory days. Where'd he
dialog: get there from?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I don't recall. Harvard maybe?
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Harvard. Damn. An intellectual
dialog: just like you. He appear loony?
speaker_heading: : WINSTON
dialog: Of course not! What in hell do
dialog: you want from me??
dialog: a ~~
speaker_heading: . FRADY
dialog: Don't yell. I'm a dumb garbage
dialog: collector. You said that. I'm
dialog: just trying to understand the how
dialog: of people like you and him. ,
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Never. Tmpossible .
speaker_heading: | PRADY
dialog: That was said ‘to me recently on
text: a train. The fella died shortly .
dialog: after.
speaker_heading: * WINSTON
dialog: You can't understand unless you’
text: have been there. At the center
dialog: ef power. There are many men like
dialog: Edward Trumbull.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Jesus.'’ Don't say so.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Men obsessed. Men who...
dialog: (stops, looks up
dialog: at Prady) : -
dialog: This scheme of his. Imaginary
dialog: plots to be unearthed. I find
dialog: it monstrous and mad -- but it
dialog: might work.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Work. .
speaker_heading: WINSTON
text: . Speaking pragmatically. Ignoring
dialog: any moral consideration. I swear
dialog: tt might workl
dialog: 
scene_heading: AY RN ROR IL A ene ee NR EN AE RRR
dialog: - 115.
scene_heading: — CLOSE ON FRADY
text: He studies the muzzle of his revolver. Then he shakes his
text: head and sticks gun back in holster and stands up.
speaker_heading: oo PRADY
dialog: I quit. I'm switching my brain
dialog: off. Goodbye and lots of luck.
text: Frady heads for the door with his head down, but Winston steps
text: after him urgently.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Wait! . .,
dialog: (as Prady turns)
dialog: This boy --
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: On your doorstep, baby, and the ~
dialog: snow is blowing -- but I don't
dialog: think they got a line on him.
dialog: I do believe he's clear.
speaker_heading: WINSTON . ,
dialog: What will I do with him??
speaker_heading: - : PRADY
dialog: Pragmatically speaking you might
dialog: play the tape every Christmas Eve
dialog: and tell him about Santa Claus and
dialog: George Washington. He might grow .
dialog: up to do something about the world .
dialog: of you and me. Who knows?
text: Prady is gone. .
scene_heading: EXT. STATE POLICE HQ - MORNING
text: The air is clear and sparkling. Frady walks up from the parking ©
text: lot. He stops and looks around. There are no apparent assassins
text: in sight. He goes inside.
scene_heading: MOVING WITH FRADY - INTO HQ
text: Nobody sinister in the lobby either. Frady nods at the uniformed
text: TROOPER on duty at front desk.
speaker_heading: L
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Howdy, Johnson.
speaker_heading: : ~ JOHNSON
dialog: . Welcome back, sir. How was the
dialog: vacation?
speaker_heading: CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: / FRADY = "
dialog: Old story. Vacations are fun
dialog: but it's nicer to get home.
text: Johnson buzzes open the gate and Frady goes through that and
text: the inner door behind, He's rounding angle toward his office
text: when he changes mind. Goes back to open entrance into Commu-
dialog: . nications Room.
speaker_heading: FPRADY
dialog: I'm back and I'm a bear. Gimme
dialog: some work.
text: . (as heads turn, all
dialog: . but yells)
dialog: You damn fools, gimme reports or
dialog: somethin'! .
dialog: . (eyes just looking ~~
text: at him) .
dialog: Forget it.
text: Frady leaves as abruptly as he arrived. We realize now that
text: his ease out front was wholly deceptive.. Lt. Frady is almost
text: out of his skull. He charges on to his own office and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. FRADY'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: There's a big stack of reports on his desk that have piled up
text: in his absence. -Frady picks them up and looks at the top one
text: seriously for a moment, and then he hurls the whole stack in
text: the wastebasket. Suddenly he's the loneliest eraziest-looking
text: bastard you ever saw. He goes to the door, breathing hard,
text: and bolts it and runs and gets a chair and sticks it canted
text: under the doorknob.
text: He runs back to the open window. He slams it down and latches
text: it, and clatters down the blind and closes the slats.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON FRADY
text: He walks to his desk in the gloom. He takes his empty revolver
text: from its holster and flips out the cylinder, He loads it with
text: a SINGLE BULLET from box in a drawer, He places the revolver
text: in center of his desk and sits down. The INTERCOM BOX BUZZES.
text: Frady pays no heed. He gets that "Sloane's Liniment" bottle
text: of booze from its drawer, and a paper cup too, and pours it
text: full to the brim. The intercom keeps’ going BUZZ BUZZ. Frady
text: pushes down the key. .
speaker_heading: . PRADY
dialog: ‘I'm not here. :
text: . . CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Q
dialog: Le L mo. 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = Lo ooo
speaker_heading: INTERCOM ,
dialog: Okay. I'll tell that to the guy.
dialog: + asking for you.
text: Frady knows, but he asks anyway.
speaker_heading: . o FPRADY
dialog: woe Who?
dialog: . km. .
speaker_heading: as INTERCOM
dialog: Name of*tfumbull.
speaker_heading: . FRADY , :
dialog: _ What's his business?
text: a INTERCOM . .
dialog: Didn't state.. Want I should ask?
dialog: (long long pause)
dialog: Sir? a
dialog: ‘y
dialog: : ° PRADY .
dialog: T'll be out in a minute. °
text: He turns off the box. He takes a big swallow from cup and
text: places his hand on the grip of his revolver.
scene_heading: INT. HQ LOBBY
text: Edward Trumbull waits there beside Trooper Johnson at the .
text: desk, packing his pipe. He seems calm, but there's a little -
dialog: jerkiness to his movements that Says this calm is about ane
text: millimeter thick. Frady comes out through the inner door.
text: He stops just inside the buzzer-gate beside Johnson and looks
text: at Trumbull with dead neutral eyes.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: Hello. Lieutenant Frady, is it
dialog: not? .
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Yuh. Who are you?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: We've met before,
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'LL take your word.
dialog: . :
dialog: - = TRUMBULL.”
dialog: I-tried to sell you something,
dialog: . , CONT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED’
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: No kidding.
text: Beat of silence. Trooper Johnson has been following this —
text: odd conversation like a tennis match.* “
dialog: =.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TROMBULL
dialog: I see ri have to adopt a new
dialog: approach.
speaker_heading: . FRADYT
dialog: Yuk.
speaker_heading: . TRUMBULL
dialog: My name is Trumbull, sir. Let oo aa
dialog: me remind you.of the words from .. - an
dialog: the Book: In life, we are im ~ \ -
dialog: the midst of death.. Perhaps © 2 0° Te.
dialog: could interest you in a lot in.
text: a fine new cemetery.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: You! re peddling new graveyards.
speaker_heading: . TRUMBULL
dialog: Yes, sir. TI am.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: What's wrong with the old ones?
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
text: They have become overcrowded. — .
dialog: Though to be frank, the one I have
dialog: in mind for you is still only in
dialog: the planning stage.
speaker_heading: FRADYT
dialog: Ain‘ t interested, doc.
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL
dialog: That's very foolish. The time to
dialog: buy is now. .
dialog: : -opapy ote
dialog: vo I look unhealthy?
dialog: +4
speaker_heading: TRUMBULL *
dialog: . (real preacher tone)
dialog: He takes us at any moment. From
dialog: any direction. He takes us when
dialog: we are least prepared. His ways
dialog: are myriad.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Unless, of course.
dialog: oo Coin,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4 us,
scene_heading: CONTINUED-- . so, t
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Unless what? ©
speaker_heading: . TRUMBULL
dialog: te . . There might be some alternative
dialog: ae ae a proposition. Possibly we could
dialog: " discuss it in your office.
dialog: Age!
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: I'm kind of busy. Old traffic
dialog: tickets and stuff, you know?
text: ne TRUMBULL.
dialog: v Really, sir, I beg you urgently.
dialog: . Let us go into your office.
dialog: it's essential!
text: Go. ce There's a crazy glint in Trumbull's eyes. Frady is getting
text: ~ to him. Frady yawns and scratches an armpit.
scene_heading: : *. FPRADY .
dialog: —~ . How'd this fella get in here?
speaker_heading: ¢ . 7 JOHNSON
dialog: to . . tee It's a public building, sir.
speaker_heading: FRADY
dialog: Screw it. I think he's a phony
dialog: two-bit creep. Throw him out
dialog: and lift your leg on him --
dialog: --. that's an order, Johnson.
dialog: cy
scene_heading: ON TRUMBULL .
dialog: He can't believe it. This nobody jerkwater cop has raped
text: ~ ° his very essence, is actually turning his back on Edward
text: . Trumbull. It unglues him completely. With inutterable fury,
text: ‘ Trumbull takes a step backward and whips out a little nickel-
dialog: : plated revolver.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: It happens quicker than it can be described. Trooper Johnson
text: screams "Watch out!!" and leaps up pulling his own revolver,
dialog: but something like this was just wnat Frady hoped would happen,
text: and he yells "Nol!!!" at the Trooper and backhands him, and
text: goes in a twisting dive at Trumbull, and Trumbull's little
text: __— gun says BANG! and .at same instant there's a really cannonlike
text: - BOOM! BOOM! BCOM! °-
dialog: 
dialog: oy
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: TOWARD TRUMBULL
text: He doubles forward with a look of sheer astonishment. It's
text: so staged that for an instant he looks absolutely identical
text: to famed frozen picture of Lee Harvey Oswald getting gut-shot
text: by Jack Ruby. With dying amazement, Trumbull folds and
text: crashes to the floor beneath Frady.
text: CAMERA CRANES UP FAST. There's a GUY in civvies at the side,
text: who must've just walked in. He holds a smoking revolver.
text: It was he who put the blast on Trumbull. An astonished moment.
text: Frady's head and ours still ring with the stunning reverbera-
dialog: tion of those four fast shots in this enclosed space.
text: The Guy lowers his revolver. Almost lazily, he hauls a leather
text: folder from his hip pocket and flips it open. A small gold
text: badge gleams inside.
speaker_heading: . THE GUY
dialog: (southern drawl)
dialog: Officuh Ellinsworth, ah'm from
dialog: New O'leans. Come up to see you
dialog: all ‘bout a fugitive. Ain't it
dialog: mighty lucky?
dialog: ,
text: ‘Frady still looks uncomprehending. ‘There's blood coming from
text: his shoulder where Trumbull's snap-shot winged him in midaizx.
text: He rolls Trumbull over. The eyes are glazed and open and
text: dead. The tongue will never wag again. In b.g. other TROOPERS
text: are rushing in with drawn revolvers.
speaker_heading: TIGHT CU - FRADY
text: “Something goes off violently inside his brain. He looks up
dialog: ‘again o.s. :
text: FRADY AND THE COP FROM NEW ORLEANS
text: Frady recognizes'him. He was behind one of those banquettes
text: in “La Jardiniere." Lt. Prady stares into the man's face
text: and sees a labyrinth of dark tunnels stretching into infinity
text: ahead of him.
speaker_heading: PRADY
dialog: Oh sweet hell.
text: FREEZE on that.
dialog: ‘
dialog: The End
dialog: 
dialog: 
