dialog: No. 00406
dialog: «. May 5, 1981
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXEC. PRODUCER: Jennings Lang
scene_heading: THE STING, PART IT
text: THAT'S WHY THE LADY IS A TRAMP
dialog: First Draft Screenplay
dialog: Written
dialog: by
speaker_heading: DAVID S. WARD
speaker_heading: ~- NOTICE
text: THIS MATERIAL IS THE PROPERTY OF UNIVERSAL
text: CITY STUDIOS, INC. AND IS INTENDED AND
scene_heading: RESTRICTED SOLELY FOR STUDIO USE BY STUDIO
scene_heading: PERSONNEL. DISTRIBUTION OR DISCLOSURE OF THE
scene_heading: MATERIAL TO UNAUTHORIZED PERSONS IS PRO-
scene_heading: HIBITED. THE SALE, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF
text: THIS MATERIAL IN ANY FORM IS ALSO PROHIBITED.
speaker_heading: #00406
scene_heading: THE STING, PART II
text: THAT'S WHY THE LADY IS A TRAMP
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC CITY NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT
text: It's a balmy night in August, 1940. We open on the exterior
text: of a swank Atlantic City nightclub, its dazzling facade
text: illuminating a passing parade of hipsters, which stops like
text: a freeze dance every time the club door opens and allows a
text: few bars of the music within to escape. It's the dream of
text: every hipster that a party of fifteen will come out, keeping
text: the door open long enough perhaps to hear Ziggy Elman's
dialog: entire trumpet solo on "Body and Soul'.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: This time, however, only a couple emerges, accompanied at
text: best by a few diminished eighth notes. The man, elegantly
text: dressed and refined in manner, is immediately recognizable
text: as Kid Twist, the bogus telegra h operator in "The Sting."
text: On his arm is a statuesque blonde in clinging crepe. ey
text: proceed to a cab and slide in the back.
scene_heading: INT. CAB
text: As Twist leans forward to give instructions to the cabbie,
text: he fails to notice that the woman slides right out the other
text: side. He turns to find that her place has been taken by a
text: huge hulk of a man who says nothing and stares straight
text: ahead. Twist has seen that look before and moves to get out
text: the way he cam in, only to find that there is now a thug on
text: the other side of him too. This one closes the door beside
text: him and assumes the same pose as his friend. Twist realizes
text: that he's in trouble. The cabbie pulls out with no word
text: from the thugs. It doesn't matter. He knows better than
dialog: they do where they're going.
dialog: cut To
scene_heading: INT. A DOWNTOWN HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: The camera moves in slowly on a man sitting alone in the
text: dark, his head partially illuminated by the lights from the
text: amusement park across the street. The only sound in the
text: room comes from an unseen fan. The camera stops when we're
text: close enough to realize that the man is Doyle Lonnegan the
text: gangster/mark of "The Sting." His eyes are set and far off,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 2
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: his face lost in thought. A knock is heard at the door,
text: and Lonnegan jumps a bit as if someone had just snuck up
text: on him. We hear a voice outside. It's Floyd, Lonnegan's
dialog: right-hand man.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
text: Doyle. Homer's downstairs. They
dialog: made a clean snatch on Twist. You
dialog: want us to dump him?
speaker_heading: : LONNEGAN
dialog: No, bring him here. I wanta see
dialog: him first.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (noticing that
dialog: there's no light
dialog: coming under
dialog: the door)
dialog: You all right in there?
speaker_heading: . LONNEGAN
dialog: I'm all right.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR
text: as Floyd walks on down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. LONNEGAN'S HOTEL ROOM
text: Lonnegan slips back into his reverie. The camera starts to
text: move in on him again. We burn into his eyes, which never
text: blink despite the play of the neon across them.
text: We hear: A sound montage of the replay of the last few
dialog: minutes of "The Sting."
dialog: 1. he voice of Lonnegan placing his half million dollar
text: bet with great bravado, the call of a race in the b.g.
text: 2. Kid Twist telling Lonnegan that he's bet incorrectly
dialog: and will lose all his money.
text: 3. Lonnegan trying frantically almost hysterically, to get
text: his money back from the cashier.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: 4. A fusilade of gun shots.
text: 5. The voice of Detective Snyder urging Lonnegan out of the
dialog: betting parlor.
text: Again a knock is heard at the door.-
speaker_heading: ; LONNEGAN
dialog: Come in.
text: The door opens to reveal Twist and his two captors sil-
text: houetted in the doorway. Lonnegan reaches out and turns
text: on a light, and for the first time we are able to see the
text: room. It looks like an expensive suite in any luxury hotel,
dialog: except that the walls are covered with photographs, 8 x 10
text: blowups of every single man involved in the con of Lonnegan
text: some four years before. Prominently displayed above the
dialog: others, like the leaders of some Eastern European politburo,
text: are shots of Gondroff and Hooker.
text: Lonnegan allows Twist to take in the room before he speaks.
text: Twist tries heard not to notice the photographs.
speaker_heading: _ LONNEGAN |
dialog: What do you think of my pictures
dialog: Twist?
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: My name's not Twist, and I don't
dialog: know much about pictures.
speaker_heading: . LONNEGAN
dialog: You find yours yet?
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: I don't know why a picture of me
dialog: would be up there.
speaker_heading: . LONNEGAN
dialog: (without taking
dialog: his eyes off
speaker_heading: Twist
dialog: On the wall to your left. Fourth
text: one from the right. Between Curly
dialog: Jackson and J.J. Singleton.
text: Twist doesn't bother to look at the photograph. He knows
dialog: it's there.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I coulda picked somebody else. I
dialog: know where most of them are now.
dialog: You just happened to be the closest.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: #00406 4
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 2
speaker_heading: . TWIST
dialog: I got no idea what you're talkin'
dialog: about. I don't know any of these
dialog: people....
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Four years ago, forty-seven months
dialog: and six days to be exact, you helped
dialog: them take me for half a million dol-
dialog: lars. I should think you'd remember
dialog: at.
dialog: Look, you got me mixed up with
dialog: somebody eise. I....
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (not even
dialog: listening to
speaker_heading: Twist
dialog: You played the telegraph operator,
text: the guy who held up the race results.
dialog: I'll never forget when you came in
dialog: and told me I'd screwed ug the bet.
dialog: Acting like it was the end of the
dialog: world when inside you had to be
dialog: jumping up and down. Gondorff musta
dialog: been proud of you, Twist. I wish
dialog: you could remember it. I had hoped
dialog: it would have meant more to you to
dialog: take a man like me.
dialog: (offerin
dialog: his hand
dialog: T can only congratulate you on a
dialog: job beautifully done.
dialog: Lonnegan has attempted to deliver all this with a "no hard
dialog: feelings" attitude, but Twist is not fooled. He knows there
text: will be no reprieve for him. He decides to go out like a
dialog: champ .
dialog: . TWIST |
dialog: Believe me, Lonnegan, it was the
dialog: greatest day of my life.
dialog: cut To
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER FRONT - NIGHT
text: Lonnegan and Floyd are sitting in a car looking out over
text: the river to a warehouse on the other side. All the lights
text: are out in the warehouse, except for one on the second story
text: at the top of a fifty-foot-long loading chute which runs
text: from the second floor out over the water. It is normally
text: used to convey cargo from the warehouse to freight barges
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 5
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 7
text: below. lLonnegan and Floyd have their eyes glued to it,
dialog: expecting something to happen there soon. Floyd, in par-
text: ticular, seems to be anxious.
scene_heading: INT. LONNEGAN'S CAR 7-A
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: You shouldn't be here, Doyle.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN us
dialog: Get the word out that Macalinski
dialog: put Kid Twist with the fishes.
text: A body, feet encased in concrete, goes speeding down the
text: loading chute and disappears below the surface of the black
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: That's one.
text: With a gesture to Floyd, Lonnegan sits back grimly, and
text: the car moves off.
text: Main title and opening credits.
scene_heading: EXT. JOHNNY HOOKER'S APARTMENT BUILDING - EARLY EVENING 8
text: We pick up Johnny Hooker washing himself in a makeshift
text: shower that he's rigged up on the fire escape of his one~
text: room apartment. He uses old bed sheets for a curtain and
text: his shower head consists of.a comb taped over the end of
text: a garden hose which runs in through the window to a faucet
text: on the small sink which occupies one corner of his totally
text: undistinguished room.
text: Hooker is obviously in an expansive mood, as he sings along
text: to the radio which he's hung on the landing above him.
text: It's playing Helen Ward's version of "Goody Goody" with the
text: Benny Goodman orchestra. His rinse water, meanwhile, drips
text: through the grating of the fire escape to the pavement six
text: floors below, watering several window boxes on the way.
text: Hooker finishes up, and climbs back through his window.
scene_heading: INT. HOOKER'S APARTMENT 9
text: As he's toweling off, the Eirie Kid enters the room.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Hey, where's your suit?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 6
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: I decided not to wear it. It'll
dialog: just get dirty on the streetcar.
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: What are you talking about? I
text: rented a limousine.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
text: A limousine to go to the fights.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: we! re management now, Eirie. When
dialog: you re the owner of an up and comin’
dialog: ight-heavy you don't show up on no
dialog: streetcar.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: But our guy ain't even fightin' to-
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: HOOKER —
dialog: So what. You. want everybody to
dialog: think we're small-time? Christ,
dialog: the kid could be fightin' for the
dialog: title inside a year, and you wanta
dialog: show up on a goddamn trolley.
dialog: bus woulda been better than that.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: We can't afford no bus, let a limo.
text: Eirie notices a new pair of shoes on a chair.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Those your boats?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (proud as
dialog: heli)
dialog: How you like 'em, huh? Alligator
dialog: Brazillian.
text: Eirie looks them over like they're stale bread.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Hooker, I think we oughta skip the
dialog: fight and see if we can’t get our-
dialog: selves some pocket money. You know
dialog: that dame I been tellin' ya about
dialog: down at the Gardens? Weli I been
dialog: studyin' her and I know we can take
text: her for a bundle.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 9
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: #00406
scene_heading: CONTINUED - 2 9
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I don't like it, Eirie. I promised
dialog: myself I was gonna go legit.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: You're just nervous, that's all.
dialog: We're both a little rusty. We'll
dialog: get over it once we get into the
dialog: pitch. I know we still got our
dialog: touch.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: It's bad enough goin' back on the
dialog: grift, but connin' women. That's
dialog: low, Eirie. We used to have a rule
dialog: No poor people and no women.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: That was pregnant women, and this
dialog: one ain't carryin' nothin' but
dialog: dough. I tell ya, this dame is a
dialog: thoroughbred, been in there two or
dialog: three nights in a row, never talkin'
dialog: to nobody but this oid broad that
text: hangs around with her. She dresses
dialog: like a champion, but I can tell she
dialog: don't know her way around.
speaker_heading: [OOKER
dialog: : He
dialog: I still don't like it.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: You like livin' in this pigpen
dialog: better? You're already Bao o months
dialog: behind on the rent. e only rea~
dialog: son they ain't thrown you out is
dialog: they couldn't get anybody else to
dialog: live here.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Well you're the bookkeeper of the
dialog: operation. Why don't you pay the
dialog: damn rent?
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: I can't. You're overdrawn four
text: grand at the bank.
text: Eirie is interrupted by a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 10
text: Hooker goes to answer it, half-dressed in a pair of socks
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: with knee
text: on them.
dialog: 10
text: suspenders and green shorts with the letters YMCA
text: It's a Deliveryman with a tuxedo in his hand.
speaker_heading: DELIVERYMAN
dialog: Tuxedo for Mr. Hooker.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: That's me.
dialog: (handing over
dialog: a dollar bill)
dialog: Here's a little somethin' for your
dialog: trouble, buddy.
speaker_heading: __ DELIVERYMAN
dialog: How about a little somethin' for
dialog: the tux?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (easing the guy
dialog: out the door}
dialog: Bill me.
text: Hooker turns back to Eirie and begins to putting on his tux.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How can I be overdrawn? The last
dialog: time I looked in there, I had
dialog: _ eighty gees.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: That was two-and-a-half years ago,
dialog: before you started buyin! prize
dialog: fi inters, race horses, zinc mines
dialog: every other goddamn thing.
dialog: That stuff's gonna * Pay off, Eirie.
dialog: It just takes time, at's all. In
dialog: the world of investment, you gotta
dialog: spend money to make money.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Hooker, I'm tellin' ya, if you don't
dialog: do somethin' pretty fast, you're gonna
dialog: start gettin' visits from the coppers
dialog: Hooker knows that Eirie's right. People are gonna make some
text: noise over four grand.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: All right eit call the girls and
dialog: tell ‘em we'll be a little late.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 12-A
speaker_heading: #00406 9
scene_heading: CONTINUED - 2 10
speaker_heading: . EIRIE
dialog: The girls?
speaker_heading: __ HOOKER
dialog: You're gonna like these two, Eirie.
text: They're hat checkers at the Rondella.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Christ, what am I gonna say to these
dialog: babes? I don't know nothin' about
dialog: ats.
text: As Hooker dials his call, we:
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. THE MARINE ROOM OF THE STEEL PIER - NIGHT 11
text: One of the great ballrooms of the era, in a class with the
text: Roseland in New York and the Aragon and Trianon in Chicago.
text: Featuring an ocean of hardwood dance floor, divided here
text: and there into inlets and bays by the arrangements of the
dialog: tables, the Marine was a must play date for all the big
dialog: swing bands of the forties. Not as elegant certainly as
text: the supper clubs, but more exciting.
text: The band's female vocalist is just getting into "You Turned
text: The Tables On Me" as Hooker and Eirie enter the ballroom.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
text: She's at table sixteen, on the left
text: toward the front.
scene_heading: HOOKER'S POINT OF VIEW - TABLE SIXTEEN 12
text: Hooker's eyes search the floor and finally come to rest on
text: table sixteen. He's not quite ready for what he finds
dialog: there. He had expected the Woman to be rich, but he hadn't
text: expected her to be beautiful. Regal in bearing, she has
dialog: the untouchable beauty of a Hedy Lamarr. The kind that
text: turns passing strangers into employees. Hooker's first
text: instinct is to turn around and go home. He has barely
text: noticed the Older Woman to_her left, who is plainly dressed
text: and exudes a professional protectiveness toward her com-
dialog: panion.
scene_heading: HOOKER AND EIRIE 12-A
speaker_heading: EIRIE .
dialog: What'd I tell ya, huh? If she ain't
dialog: loaded with jack, I don't know my
dialog: own name. :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: a
dialog: 12-A
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 10
dialog: 12-A
speaker_heading: _ HOOKER
dialog: I don't feel right about this, Eirie.
dialog: - I mean, she's with her mother and
dialog: Eirie was
dialog: taining a
dialog: paper cut
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Look, this is no slight on her.
dialog: She happens to be keepin’ company
dialog: with some cash. It's not like you
dialog: hate the dame. Someday when you're
dialog: a millionaire, you can buy her a
dialog: bracelet or somethin’.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Hell, we don't even have any props
dialog: with us. What are we gonna take
dialog: her on?
text: prepared for this. He takes out an envelope con-
text: stack of fake money: and another one containing
dialog: up the size of dollar bills.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: I got the boodle and the stiff right
dialog: here. All we gotta do is back it
dialog: with some real green and we got
dialog: everything we need. How muc!
dialog: cash you got?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Fifteen bucks.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: I got twenty. We'll put mine on
dialog: top and yours on the bottom. It
dialog: ain't great, but it's good enough.
text: Eirie puts the twenty on the top of the false bankroll,
text: and the ten on the bottom.
dialog: This is a
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Your problem is you're lettin' her
dialog: looks go to your head. Since when
dialog: have you ever gotten to first base
dialog: with a dame like that? These society
dialog: types think they're too good for .
dialog: regular people. She wouldn't be
text: seen outside a barnyard with either
dialog: one of us.
dialog: very telling point with Hooker. His heart be-
text: gins to harden agains e Woman.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 12-A
dialog: 13
dialog: #00406 il
scene_heading: CONTINUED - 2 12+A
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: You're right, Eirie. That kinda
dialog: babe gives me the pip.
text: Shot through with new motivation, Hooker looks at the
text: Woman like she's a barbell to be cleaned and jerked. He's
text: a complete professional now. He takes off his watch and
text: hands it to Eirie, then snatches a flower out of a vase
text: and puts it in his lapel. We follow him as he makes his
text: way over to table sixteen.
scene_heading: AT TABLE SIXTEEN 13
text: Hooker immediately affects the demeanor of an entrepeneur.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Excuse me, ladies. You haven't by
dialog: chance seen a gold watch around
dialog: here, have you?
dialog: (through a
dialog: thick French
dialog: accent)
dialog: No, I do not think so, Mr....
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Stewart. Charles Stewart. I'm the
dialog: ’ manager here.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Pleased to meet you, Mr. Stewart.
dialog: I am Veronique LeFleur, and....
speaker_heading: OLDER WOMAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: The Countess Veronique Fabian LeFleur.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: (slightly
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: Giselle, they do not care about these
dialog: things in America.
dialog: (to Hooker)
dialog: This is my maid servant, Giselle
dialog: Duvillard. We are sorry that you
dialog: lost your watch.
speaker_heading: . _HOOKER
dialog: Oh, it wasn't mine, Miss LeFleur.
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: Countess LeFleur.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: Giselle!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: #00406 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 13
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: A Mr. Jerome Hawthorne lost it in
dialog: here tonight, and is quite anxious
dialog: to get it back. It's an Elgin
text: Special with a monogrammed J.H. on
dialog: e back. He's offering a thousand
dialog: dollar reward for its return.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: (honestl.
dialog: relieved
dialog: Oh, then it's not an expensive one.
text: Hooker struggles to maintain his nonchalance in the face of
dialog: such a remar It's a hard one for a poor boy to swallow.
text: He looks for some indication that she may be kidding. He
dialog: doesn't get one.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Well, it was just that it was very
dialog: personal to Mr. Hawthorne. It was
dialog: given to him by his father just be-
dialog: ore he was killed in the Battle
dialog: of Belaue Wood.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: (truly moved)
dialog: Oh, how sad, If we find it, we
dialog: will bring it to ou, how do you
dialog: ' say...on the doub
speaker_heading: ANGLE 14
text: Both women permit themselves a little laugh at their mastery
dialog: of this English idiom.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: (taking his
dialog: leave
dialog: Thank you, Miss LeFleur.
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: (sullenly)
dialog: Countess LeFleur.
speaker_heading: ON HOOKER 15
text: We follow him as he returns to Eirie, out of sight of the
dialog: two women.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You were right, Eirie. Money's
dialog: nothin' to her. She's a countess.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: #00406 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 15
speaker_heading: HOOKER (Cont'd)
dialog: French. Not a bad egg for a coun-
dialog: tess. Maybe in France they're not
dialog: so snot-nosed.
text: It's obvious that Veronique's charm has rekindled some
dialog: second thoughts in Hooker.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Aw c'mon. Underneath they're all
dialog: alike. You're not softening up
dialog: on me, are ya Hooker?
speaker_heading: ON EIRIE 16
text: This time we follow Eirie as he makes his way to the table.
text: He boldly props himself down right next to Veronique in the
text: booth, talking to her in a conspiritorial fashion, out of
text: the side of his mouth.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Look lady, I know you don't know
dialog: me, but I need a little help. The
dialog: manager here's got it in for me,
dialog: and I'd appreciate it if you could
dialog: pretend like we was friends and
dialog: everything. Like we been sittin’
dialog: here for a long time, havin' a
dialog: - nice evening....
speaker_heading: ANGLE 17
text: as Hooker suddenly appears at the table. Eirie pretends to
text: be carrying on a conversation with the woman, who doesn't
dialog: know what to make of him.
speaker_heading: __, HOOKER
dialog: . {to Eirie)
dialog: Fisher, I thought I told you to stay
dialog: outta here.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: It's a free country, Stewart. A
dialog: man can dance if he wants to.
dialog: (to the
dialog: Countess) .
dialog: Me and my date was just about to
dialog: cut up the rug a little, wasn't we
dialog: honey?
text: The Countess doesn't know what to say. She has no idea
text: what Eirie is talking about.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Stand up and empty out your pockets.
speaker_heading: : CONTINUED
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: #00406 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 17
text: Eirie hesitates a second, then stands up and reluctantly
text: empties out his pockets. He shows nothing but a wallet
text: and a pair of keys.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: See, I'm clean.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Good, then you won't have anything
dialog: to weigh you down on the way out.
dialog: Or do I have to call the police?
speaker_heading: _., EIRIE
dialog: (deciding it's
dialog: _ time to leave)
dialog: All right, all right. I didn't want
dialog: to hang out in this dive anyway.
text: Eirie beats a speedy retreat.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: Who was that man?
speaker_heading: HOOKER -
dialog: Oh, he's a cheap crook. A pickpocket,
dialog: a fence, you name it.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 18
text: Both women are visibly frightened to have been in the pre-
text: sence of such a man. Veronique glances down at where Eirie
text: was sitting and something catches her eye -- there's a gold
text: watch on the seat. She picks it up quickly and hands it to
dialog: Hooker.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: Mr. Stewart, there's a watch here.
dialog: I think it's your friend's.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: (inspecting
dialog: the watch) .
dialog: It's Hawthorne's all right. Fisher
dialog: probably stole it from him and took
dialog: it out of his pocket when I asked
dialog: to search him.
dialog: The women are really scared now.
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: Aren't you going to call the police?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: #00406 15
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 18
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Wouldn't do any good unless we had
dialog: found the watch on him. Whatever,
dialog: you found the watch. You have a
dialog: reward coming.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: Oh, but I could not take it. I have
dialog: done nothing to deserve it.
speaker_heading: , HOOKER ,
dialog: I insist. Mr. Hawthorne will be very
dialog: unhappy with me if I don't follow
dialog: his instructions. You found the
dialog: watch. The money is yours. Please,
dialog: he will be most insulted if you turn
dialog: it down.
speaker_heading: . VERONIQUE
dialog: _ (resigned) .
dialog: All right, I do not wish to offend
dialog: the man. .
dialog: _ (to Giselle)
dialog: When in America, I suppose we must
dialog: do as the Americans.
speaker_heading: HOOKER , 19
text: hands her the envelope with the boodle in it. She puts
text: it in her purse without even bothering to check it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Excuse me, but if I may be so bold,
dialog: I wouldn't carry that money in your
dialog: purse. Not in a neighborhood like
dialog: this. You walk down the street with
dialog: a purse in plain view, you're gonna
dialog: lose it. ere are twenty other
dialog: thieves outside just like Fisher,
dialog: only worse.
text: The two women are immediately concerned.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: What should we do?
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: Here, let me show you something. If
dialog: I were you, I'd put all my money in
dialog: the envelope.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE 20
text: complies, immediately, pulling out a bankroll that knocks
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: #00406 16
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 20
text: Hooker's eyes out. She puts it into the envelope and then
text: passes it to Giselle, who dips into her purse and adds her
text: money to it. She turns her body as she does so, so that
text: Hooker cannot see how much money she has. Hooker is amused
text: by her modesty. Giselle then licks the envelope and seals
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: May I have the envelope a second?
text: Giselle hesitates, but Veronique makes her hand it over.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: All right, you take the envelope
dialog: and stick it up under your arm,
dialog: inside your coat, like this.
text: Hooker demonstrates by slipping the envelope inside his
text: tuxedo coat and up into his armpit. By shooting from the
text: side, we see that there is already another envelope there,
text: the one with the cut paper.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: That way you can feel it all the
dialog: time, and no pickpickets will be
dialog: looking for it there.
text: He reaches back inside his coat and pulls out the envelope,
dialog: but of course it's not the one he put in. It's the one with
text: the cut paper. He hands it to Veronique, who thanks him and
text: hands it to Giselle, who tucks it up inside her coat, glanc-
dialog: ing both ways to make sure no one saw her do it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: I am sorry for all the commotion
dialog: here tonight. I hope you enjoyed
dialog: your evening, Countess.
text: Giselle allows herself a little smile that Hooker is finally
text: using the proper term of address. The Countess nods that her
text: evening has been satisfactory, and Hooker takes his leave.
scene_heading: ON HOOKER : 21
text: We follow him as he walks right on out of the ballroom and
text: joins Eirie on the street.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT - ON HOOKER AND EIRIE 22
dialog: Hooker is not nearly as elated as we might expect.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Everything go okay? :
speaker_heading: 39 ¥ CONTINUED
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: #00406 17
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 22
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeah, it was easy. I don't even
dialog: think we needed the build up. I
dialog: coulda asked 'em for the money out-
dialog: right and they'da given it to me.
dialog: Not that I'm proud of it.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: (hefting the
dialog: envelope)
dialog: Yeah, well let me see what we got
dialog: here. Feels like enough to open
dialog: our own steel mill.
text: Eirie rips open the envelope and pulls out the most beauti-
dialog: ful stack of construction paper we've ever seen. Not a
text: dollar bill in sight. Both Hooker and Eirie stare at it in
text: shock for a secon Then it begins to dawn on then.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Hooker, we been had.
text: Barely are the words out of Eirie’s mouth than Hooker races
dialog: back into the cl
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT 23
text: Hooker zeroes in on table sixteen. It's empty. He races
text: back outside.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 24
text: Hooker frantically looks up and down the street for some
text: sign of the two women.
speaker_heading: HOOKER ;
dialog: I find that broad, I'm gonna wring
text: her neck.
dialog: Forget it. She’ 5 TRrobably halfway
dialog: home with our thirty bucks by now.
dialog: Wouldn't that rot your socks.
text: Eirie is somewhat amused by the whole thing. Hooker is
text: fit to be tied. He literally begins jumping up and down.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: We gotta do somethin'. We'll call
dialog: the police, that's what we'll do.
dialog: Christ, what kinda town are they
dialog: runnin' where people can 90, around
dialog: pullin' this sorta thing. This burg
dialog: is crawlin' with grifters and the
text: cops are pickin’ nose.
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #00406 18
speaker_heading: ANGLE 25
text: Eirie can't believe this outpouring of righteousness from
text: Hooker. Hooker continues his tirade as they get into their
text: limousine.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Usin' construction paper yet. Think
dialog: how the people who made that paper
dialog: would feel if they knew what she
dialog: was using it for. They thought. the’
dialog: were makin’ somethin' nice for little
dialog: kids. This is the kinda thing that
dialog: gives construction paper a bad name.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 26
text: As the limousine pulls out, we move to reveal that Lonnegan's
text: man, Floyd, has been watching the departure from a car across
text: the street. We can't see who's in the back seat, but we can
dialog: guess.
dialog: cut To
scene_heading: EXT. HOOKER'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT 27
text: The limousine pulls up in front of the building and Hooker
text: and Eirie get out. hey are just about to go up the front
text: steps when two thugs jump out of the shadows, scaring the
dialog: hell out of all of us, not to mention Hooker and Eirie.
text: Hooker tries to run for it, but he's caught and slammed up
text: against a wall.
speaker_heading: THUG
dialog: You Johnny Hooker?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: THUG
dialog: We're from Atlas Tuxedo. You told
dialog: our guy to bill you. We checked
dialog: your credit -- you ain't got none.
dialog: Our boss don't like to be stiffed.
dialog: That tux'll be ten bucks.
speaker_heading: . __ HOOKER
dialog: I ain't got it.
speaker_heading: . THUG
dialog: Then you either give up the tux or
dialog: your good looks.
text: Hooker pulls out his pockets with his best "have mercy"
text: smile. He looks from some sign that it's winning the
dialog: thugs over. Fat chance.
speaker_heading: CUT. TO
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: #00406 19
scene_heading: INT. HOOKER'S APARTMENT BUILDING’~ STAIRWAY - NIGHT 28
text: walking up the stairs of Hooker's apartment building.
text: Hooker, having lost the tuxedo, is now clad only in his
text: YMCA m shorts, his knee socks (suspenders) and, of course,
text: his alligator shoes. It hasn't been his night.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Ya know with things a little tough
dialog: and all, maybe we oughta go see
dialog: Gondorff. s letter said he's got
dialog: a big house down there in Florida
dialog: with a yard and everything. We could
dialog: lie around in the sun a little, maybe
dialog: borrow a few bucks.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'm not goin' down there with my
dialog: hat in my hand. He thinks I don't
dialog: know how to take care of myself.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: He's not gonna be like that. He's
dialog: in the chips. He'd be glad to help
dialog: ya out.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: (tired as hell) .
dialog: I don't know. We'll talk about it
text: in the morning.
scene_heading: INT. HOOKER'S APARTMENT BUILDING - HALLWAY 29
text: Eirie starts off toward his room as Hooker tries to open
text: the door to his own room. Suddenly the door opens by
text: itself and Hooker finds himself looking at a large Man in
text: a food-stained undershirt.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Somethin' I can do for you?
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Yeh, this is my apartment.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Used to be. They moved you out an
dialog: hour ago. Seems you wasn't paid up.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: I'll be damned. They got somebody
dialog: to live here.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: #00406 20
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 29
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You know what they did with my
dialog: clothes?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: They pawned 'em to get the rent
dialog: you owed.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Ha, you got the last iaugh on ‘em
dialog: there, Hooker. They won't get two
dialog: months' worth outa those duds.
text: Hooker gives Eirie a look that could melt a brick.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Well I'd love to talk to you guys
dialog: all right, but I gotta go decorate
dialog: the den.
text: Without further ado, he closes the door.
text: IN THE HALLWAY 30
text: Hooker and Eirie start back down the stairs.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: ’ You ready to go see Gondorff now?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeah, what the hell. You got some
dialog: clothes you could lend me?
speaker_heading: EIRIE .
dialog: Sure, but we don't have nothin' for
dialog: train tickets.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I know. Just get me a badge and
dialog: I'll do the rest. No more strike-
dialog: outs tonight, Eirie.
text: Look out. Johnny Hooker is back.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: INT. THE ATLANTIC CITY RAILROAD STATION - NIGHT 31
text: We pick up Hooker and Eirie as they come into the station
text: and fan out in different directions. Hooker is wearing
text: Eirie's clothes, which look ridiculous on him, The pants
text: are a good eight inches too short, and the shirt is burst-
text: ing at the seams, showing patches of skin between the:
dialog: uttons.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: #00406 21
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - GIFT SHOP - NIGHT 32
text: We follow Birie into the gift shop where he goes to the toy
text: section. He looks enrough several small novelties until he
text: finds what he's looking for -- a little tinh replica of a
text: policeman's badge. He looks around for store detectives,
text: and seeing none, slips the badge into his pocket.
dialog: cut To
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - CORRIDOR - HOOKER 33
text: in another part of the station. We see him removing a sign
text: from a door, but the angle prohibits us from being able to
text: read it. He drops the sign in a waste can and walks out
text: into the passenger lobby. Eirie passes him and slips him
text: the tin badge.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - ANOTHER SECTION 34
text: After scanning the area carefully for a minute, Hooker goes
text: up to a conservative-looking Businessman, who's busy reading
text: e schedule board. Hooker flashes open his wallet to reveal
text: the little tin badge and then quickly closes it again.
speaker_heading: _ BOOKER
dialog: Excuse me, sir. Treasury Department.
dialog: I'd like to ask you a few questions.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN .
dialog: What for? I haven't done anything.
speaker_heading: : HOOKER
dialog: We don't doubt that, but there's a
dialog: counterfeiting operation passing bad
dialog: money in the station. Have you made
dialog: any purchases here today?
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: (reluctantly) |
dialog: well, yes, a small gift, and some
dialog: ‘ood.
text: _, HOOKER .
dialog: Then I'm afraid we'll have to im-
dialog: ound your money until we're sure
dialog: at it's all good. Can I see your
dialog: wallet please.
speaker_heading: __ BUSINESSMAN
dialog: (handing it over)
dialog: But I got a train to make.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 22
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: It'll only take twenty minutes or
dialog: so. You can pick it up at the
text: window down hall.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: But what about all these other
dialog: people?
scene_heading: __. HOOKER
dialog: (blowing up)
dialog: We'll get ‘em! Give us a chance.
dialog: I'm not the only agent in here ya
dialog: know. We go around advertisin
dialog: ourselves, how many counterfeiters
dialog: do you think we'd catch, huh?
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: his shi
dialog: )
dialog: ‘You think I'm wearin' this rag here
dialog: ‘cause I like it? Christ, everybody
dialog: thi life's a holiday or somethin
dialog: when you got a badge.
dialog: {pouring
dialog: it on
dialog: I been here bor thirteen hours,
dialog: Charlie, and I never knew there
dialog: was so much ugliness in people. .
dialog: You try to help 'em and they spit
dialog: ‘on ya. I shoulda let. you gotten
dialog: yourself arrested for passin' false
dialog: notes.
text: The Businessman is totally shamed.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: I'm sorry, really I am, but I can't
dialog: wait twenty minutes. My train
dialog: leaves in ten.
speaker_heading: HOOKER \
dialog: All right, I'll give ya a break.
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: a hall
dialog: Down that hall there, there's an
text: unmarked door on the left. Go in
dialog: that door and wait at the cashier
dialog: window. I'll take this...
dialog: (indicates
dialog: _ _the money) .
dialog: +;-in the back and run it through
dialog: right away. We'll have ya outa
text: there in a couple minutes.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: #00406 23
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 2 34
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: Thank you. You don't know how much
dialog: I appreciate this.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: with a
dialog: ittle wave)
dialog: Think nothing of it.
text: The Businessman goes off down the hall, more than grateful
dialog: for the special treatment.
scene_heading: AT THE TICKET COUNTER 35
text: Hooker, meanwhile, joins Eirie and the two spring over to
dialog: buy tickets for Florida.
scene_heading: ON THE BUSINESSMAN 36
text: as we follow him down the hall to the unmarked door. He
text: strides on through to find himself face-to-face with a wall
text: of busily flushing urinals.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - NIGHT - FLOYD 37
text: sprinting out of the train station, having seen Hooker and
text: Eirie buying their tickets. He races up to the limousine
text: in which Lonnegan is waiting.
dialog: (out of
dialog: breath) |
dialog: Hey, they're takin’ a powder on
dialog: the train. We better hurry if
dialog: we're gonna put’ the snatch on 'em.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Let 'em go.
scene_heading: _.. . FLOYD
dialog: (in disbelief) .
dialog: Let 'em go? Christ, what if they
dialog: skip the country or somethin'?
speaker_heading: , LONNEGAN |
dialog: They're goin' down to Florida to
dialog: see Gondorff. They'll be back.
dialog: All of ‘em.
text: Floyd just looks at Lonnegan in wonderment. How does he
dialog: know this kinda stuff. .
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: #00406 24
scene_heading: INT. FLORIDA RAILROAD STATION - ARRIVAL GATE - DAY 38
text: We pick wp Hooker and Eirie getting off the train, and
text: winding their way through the crowd. Both are travelin
dialog: light.” Hooker, of course, has no luggage at all -- jus
dialog: the clothes Eirie lent him.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I gotta get some decent clothes.
dialog: I can't show up at Gondorff's
dialog: lookin' like this.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: You got the money right on your
dialog: feet there. We shoulda thought
dialog: of it earlier.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (looking down
dialog: at his beloved
dialog: alligators)
dialog: Aw, no....
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: INT. PAWN SHOP - DAY 39
text: Hooker has his alligator shoes up on the counter. The
text: Pawnbroker looks them over with the crushing indifference
dialog: that characterizes his breed.
speaker_heading: |. HOOKER
dialog: They're alligator, ya know.
speaker_heading: PAWNBROKER
dialog: So what. We got five thousand of
dialog: ‘em in the Everglades across the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Not Brazilian ones.
text: The Pawnbroker hands over a twenty dollar bill. Hooker
text: doesn't like it, but he takes it.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: EXT. A FLORIDA STREET ~ DAY 40
text: Hooker and Eirie are walking along with a copy of Gondorff's
text: letter in hand, obviously looking for an address. Hooker
text: has on his new clothes now, and while they're none too styl-
dialog: ish, at least they fit. They find the address they want
text: on the curb and look up expecting to see Gondorff's house.
text: Instead they are greeted with a sign that says: FLORIDA
text: STATE PENITENTIARY, Eirie stands there with his mouth open.
text: Hooker is just plain disgusted.
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: #00406 25
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET - DAY 41
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: A big house with a yard, huh?
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. PRISON VISITING ROOM - DAY 42
text: Hooker and Eirie sit in the visiting room awaiting the
text: appearance of Gondorff. Hooker is barely able to control
text: his anger. Eirie, of course, is fascinated with
dialog: prison and everything in it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE 43
text: A.door opens and out comes Gondorff, wearing a smile as
text: wide as the stripes, which clothe him from head to toe.
text: He's also wearing the fedora hat which is his trademark.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: Howdy. Glad you could make it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Bite off.
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: What the hell are you s0 sore about.
dialog: I'm the one that's in jail. You
dialog: remember that senator I took on a
dialog: stocks deal? I got a job as a
dialog: gardener in a cemetery, figurin'
dialog: nobody there is gonna put
dialog: finger on me. Turns out the sena-
text: tor comes down to observe Veterans
dialog: Day and I'm out there waterin' the
dialog: lawn. First honest work I ever did
dialog: and look what happens to me. I been
dialog: here two years.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You coulda told us.
dialog: +.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Then I never woulda got ya down
dialog: here, I knew if you thought I
dialog: was in the money, you'd come down
dialog: and try to mooch some.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 26
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (incensed)
dialog: I don't need your goddamn money. I
dialog: jot a zinc mine in Cuba, some oil
dialog: interests in Japan and a race horse
dialog: that's definitely Kentucky Derby
dialog: material. Not to mention the next
dialog: light-heavyweight champion.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Typhoon Taylor.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Who sold him to ya, Jackie Pope?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeah, you know Jackie?
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: Christ, he tried to sell me the
dialog: guy four years ago, only he
dialog: was as cal in' him Tugboat Taylor
dialog: then. Every time he loses, Jackie
dialog: gives him a ue name.
dialog: He's better now." vt got him fightin'
dialog: a contender next week at the Jersey
dialog: Gardens. I tell ya, Typhoon's got
text: a right hand like a steam drill.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: How do you know? He's never hit
dialog: anything with it.
speaker_heading: ., HOOKER
dialog: I been workin' with him personally.
dialog: I used to be a Golden Gloves cham-
dialog: pion, ya know.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You're a great businessman, Hooker.
dialog: Did this horse you bought have all
dialog: three legs?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Some day you're gonna be sorry you
dialog: don't have a piece of my action.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: #00406
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ~ 2 43
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Look, I don't even care if ou
dialog: showed up just to mooch.
dialog: had some dough here, I'd ive Tit
dialog: to a. Unfortunately, all I got
dialog: me is | bad news.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: somebody’ id lied Kid Twist.
text: Hooker and Eirie are stunned.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: But I just saw him a couple days
dialog: ago.
dialog: Police in Atlantic Ci Caty +f a tip.
dialog: They pulled him out o e bay with
text: cement on his feet.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Lonnegan?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I thought so at first, but this
dialog: isn't his style. Besides, what
dialog: would he be doin' in Atlantic City.
dialog: word is it was a hood named
dialog: ' Carlo Macalinski.
speaker_heading: KER
dialog: It's not like Twist _to con a
dialog: racketeer. How could he get so
dialog: down on his luck to do somethin'
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Look at us three. We paintin' any
dialog: pictures of success?
text: It's a question that needs no reply. The answer is obvious.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: You gonna go after this guy?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: After the Lonnegan con, I said we'd
dialog: never do anything like that again.
dialog: We keep stinging heavy gees, no
dialog: matter how good the reason, and
dialog: pretty soon there won't be any place
dialog: safe for us.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 43
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: #00406 28
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 3 43
speaker_heading: HOOKER |
dialog: I figure we ought to stick to that
dialog: line of thinking...next time.
text: A smile creeps onto Gondorff's face. He was hoping Hooker
dialog: would feel that way.
scene_heading: __. GONDORFF
dialog: They're lettin' me outa here on
dialog: Wednesday. Billie's comin' down
dialog: with some tickets for Atlantic
dialog: City. We'll be back in time to
dialog: catch your boy's fight. See ya
dialog: en.
text: Hooker and Eirie nod good-bye, and are shown out of the
dialog: visiting room.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CORRIDOR - DAY 44
text: We follow Gondorff as he's led back to his cell by a guard
text: named Clancy. It's obvious the two know each other well.
dialog: Hey Clancy, they don't ha
dialog: ey Clancy ey don ve any
dialog: zinc in Cuba, aS they?
speaker_heading: : ‘ CLANCY |
dialog: Nope, ain't got no oi] in Japan,
dialog: either. They're still runnin’ the
dialog: Kentucky Derby though.
text: As Gondorff disappears down the hall, we:
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: A MONTAGE SEQUENCE 45
text: beginning on the day of Gondorff's release. We pick up
text: Gondorff coming out of the prison gates, wearing a prison-
text: issue suit and carrying a small satchel of belongings. He
text: dances a little jig as Billie rushes forward to greet him.
text: They embrace with an enthusiasm worthy of the occasion, as
text: Hooker and Eirie look on somewhat sheepishly. A cab waits
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: INT. FLORIDA TRAIN STATION - PHOTO BOOTH 46
text: He goes directly into one of the self-photo booths and draws
text: the blinds. We don't know why he's doing this yet, but the
text: purposefulness with which he goes about it indicates some-
dialog: ing beyond vanity.
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: #00406 29
scene_heading: INT. A PHILADELPHIA BOTTLING PLANT ~ DAY 47
text: We pick up a heavyset, middle-aged man, known in con circles
text: as the Big Ohio, picking cases of bourbon off the conveyor
text: line and loading them onto a forklift pallet. A shift fore-
text: man happens by and hands him an envelope, hunching his
text: shoulders to indicate he has no idea what's in it. The Big
text: Ohio stops to open it and pulls out a photo booth picture
text: of Gondorff with his hand to his nose in the traditional
text: confidence man's salute (the "office"). Below the picture
text: is nothing but the words: JERSEY GARDEN. 8:30 PM. THE
speaker_heading: FOURTH.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 48
text: The Big Ohio smiles knowingly to himself. Suddenly we hear
text: the splintering of bottles as the rapidly piling up cases
text: begin to be crushed at the end of the conveyor, spilling
text: bourbon all over the floor. The Big Ohio could care less.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. A NEW YORK RACE TRACK ~ DAY 49
text: J,J. Singleton is in the grandstand watching a race through
text: binoculars when a steward hands him an envelope. He opens
dialog: it to find the same picture that the Big Ohio got. He
text: ponders the message a second and then begins to gather up
text: is things, completely oblivious to the People around him
text: who are going crazy rooting home their favorites.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. A PLUSH BOSTON PENTHOUSE ~ DAY 50
text: We see a handsome, debonair man partaking of his midday meal,
text: while his butler is busy unpacking his suitcase. The man is
text: the Tuxedo Kid, so named because he always wears a tux unless
text: he's sleeping or on a con. He has them in twelve different
text: colors. On his lunch tray is an envelope. He opens it to
text: find a picture of guess who. Tuxedo motions to the butler to
text: start putting the clothes back in the suitcase. As the butler
dialog: struggles to keep a stiff upper lip, we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE JERSEY GARDEN - NIGHT 51
text: It's the night of Typhoon Taylor's fight. We pick up Hooker,
text: Gondorff, Eirie and Billie as they pull up in front of the
dialog: Jersey Garden. As we might have guessed, it's in Jersey,
dialog: but it ain't no garden. Gondorff looks the place over,
text: hoping they can get the fight in before the place falls down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: S4-A
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: 5S-A
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: #00406 30
scene_heading: INT. THE JERSEY GARDEN - NIGET
text: As Gondorff and company move through the arena on the wa
text: to their seats, we notice that the Big Ohio, J.J. Singleton
text: and the Tuxedo Kid are hanging out at different points along
dialog: the way.
speaker_heading: ON SINGLETON
text: getting a drink at the refreshment stand.
speaker_heading: ON TUXEDO KID
text: getting a shoeshine.
speaker_heading: ON BIG OHIO
text: in his seat reading, the program. All three acknowledge
text: Gondorff and the others with a subtle "office" but make
text: no overt signs of recognition.
speaker_heading: IN THE RING
text: The two wrestlers are grape. ing away in a pile of mud,
text: part of the Garden's lates promotional gimmick.
scene_heading: WITH GONDORFF, HOOKER, AND EIRIE
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: HOOKER |
dialog: Aw, don't pay no attention to that,
dialog: Lawry, the promoter here, thinks
dialog: he's gotta do stuff like that to
dialog: build the gate. Last week he had
dialog: Genghis the Greek wrasslin' the
text: Morgue Man in a ring full of dead
dialog: fis
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: (wishing he'd
dialog: seen it
dialog: No kiddin'.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE TAYLOR'S DRESSING ROOM
text: Gondorff, Hooker and Eirie arrive at Typhoon Taylor's
dialog: dressing room. We can tell because Tay. or's name is.
text: chalked on a blackboard which hangs on the door. There
text: are four other names on it too.
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 54-A
dialog: 55
dialog: 55-A
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: #00406 31
scene_heading: INT. TAYLOR'S DRESSING ROOM 57
text: Hooker pokes his head inside. Taylor is sitting in a card
text: game with a couple other fighters. It's hard for him to
text: hold his cards because his hands are taped.
speaker_heading: (OOKER
dialog: How ya feelin’, Typhoon.
speaker_heading: TYPHOON
dialog: (trying to
dialog: figure out
dialog: what to discard) -
dialog: Don't worry, boss, I'm gonna murder
dialog: 'en.
text: Hooker looks to the trainer, Shorty, who's reading a pulp
dialog: devoted to fight stories.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Shouldn't he be gettin' his gloves
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: SHORTY
dialog: Naw, the Golden Dread ain't due to
dialog: lose for another ten minutes or so.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeah, all right.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: THE ARENA AGAIN - NIGHT — 58
text: It's later now. Hooker and friends are ali in their seats.
text: The ring is in the final stages of being cleaned up as the
text: fighters enter the ring. mud has all been shoveled into
text: wheelbarrows and the canvas s has been mopped up. The ring
text: Announcer steps to the mike.
scene_heading: IN THE RING = NIGHT 59
text: The Announcer is at the mike.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to
text: the Garden's semi-main event. Seven
text: rounds of boxing. In the red corner,
dialog: weighing one eighty-two and wearing
dialog: the ‘black trunks, the number six
dialog: ranking light-heavyweight contender,
dialog: phe pride of Dublin, Irish Billy
dialog: lealy.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: #00406 32
speaker_heading: CONTINUED $9
text: Healy dances out to even more scattered applause.
speaker_heading: . ANNOUNCER
text: And in the blue corner, weighing
text: one ninety-two, wearing the white
text: trunks, big wind that blows
dialog: nobody good, Eddie 'Typhoon' Taylor.
text: Typhoon dances out to even more scattered applause. Hooker
text: and Eirie have been visibly moved by the Announcer's intro-
dialog: duction of Taylor. What poetry.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You watch my guy, Henry. He's got
dialog: the greatest right I've ever seen.
speaker_heading: IN THE RING 60
text: The bell rings and the fighters come out. Immediately,
text: Typhoon backs Healy into a corner and unleashes the famous
text: right. It misses, crashing mightily into a ring ost. It
dialog: danm near splinters the thing. Hooker wasn't kidding.
dialog: Taylor has a great right. Unfortunately, we're about to
text: find out what he doesn't have -- any defense. While
text: Typhoon is busy admiring the damage he's done to the post,
text: Healy blasts two shots to the body and a left hook to the
text: chin. Typhoon goes on his face.
speaker_heading: ON HOOKER 61
text: Hooker jumps up immediately and hops down to ringside to
text: talk to Taylor, whose head is hanging over the side of the
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Don't let this upset ya, Typhoon.
dialog: It was just a lucky shot. He's gonna
dialog: be comin’ in on ya now. Go into a
dialog: crouch like you're hurt, and when he
dialog: wades in, uncork the right. You got
dialog: at? :
scene_heading: IN THE RING . 62
text: Typhoon nods in such a way that lets us know he'd be lucky
text: if he knew his own name Tight now. He gets up at eight and
text: waits for Healy to come in on him. He crouches, but none
text: too sure of his directions at this point, uncorks a left
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: #00406 33
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 62
text: instead of a right. It catches Healy full on the chin.
text: Unfortunately Healy doesn't seem to notice. Whatever
text: power there was in Typhoon's left is gone. Healy unloads
text: a right cross to Typhoon's jaw, Typhoon, being a much
text: more observant type, goes on his back, landing very close
dialog: to where he went down last time.
speaker_heading: AT RINGSIDE 63
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Get it UB Typhoon. This don't
dialog: look good.
speaker_heading: TYPHOON
dialog: (woozy)
dialog: Leave me alone. A guy can only
dialog: take so much. I gave it my all.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Your all! It's only thirty seconds
dialog: into the goddamn first round.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 64
text: It's no use. hoon is taking the rest of the night off.
text: Hooker stands there stunned as Taylor is counted out.
text: Gondorff comes down to commiserate.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: If only he coulda thrown one more
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: It's a hard punch to throw when
dialog: you're lying down.
text: As Gondorff and Hooker walk away from the ring, the camera
text: moves to reveal another presence in the arena.
speaker_heading: ON LONNEGAN : 65
text: High up in the stands we find Doyle Lonnegan taking in the
text: whole scene. Floyd as always is next to .
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I told you they'd be back.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Look at that punk Hooker. If I
dialog: was that ugly I'd shoot myself.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: #00406 34
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 66
text: Lonnegan says nothing, but he's obviously amused at the
text: ability of Floyd's emotions to alter his eyesight. Gondorff
text: and company are almost out of the arena now.
scene_heading: __. FLOYD
dialog: They're leavin'. We go get ‘em
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I told you no, Floyd.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: What the hell are we waiting for?
dialog: After what those guys did to us.
dialog: I tell ya, that bastard Hooker is
dialog: mine. I got a bullet with his name
dialog: on it. Actin' like he was some
dialog: kinda hot poop, tellin' us he could
dialog: fix races, callin' Slade and me Mutt
dialog: and Jeff. I don't let nobody get
dialog: away with that shit.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: He's not gonna get away with any-
dialog: thing. He and Gondorff are gonna
dialog: pay me back and then you'll have
dialog: your day.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: (shaking his
dialog: head in
dialog: disbelief)
dialog: I don't get it.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN .
dialog: If everybody could understand it,
dialog: it wouldn't be much of a plan, now,
dialog: would it?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: I still think we're makin' a mistake
dialog: screwin' around like this.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: It wouldn't be enough to kill them
dialog: now. They'd leave this world
dialog: thinking Doyle Lonnegan was a ~
dialog: stupid man.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: #00406 35
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. A CHINESE MARKET - DAY 67
text: We see Hooker enter the market.
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE MARKET - DAY 68
text: Hooker nods to the Chinese store owner and makes his way to
text: the back of the store. He opens a large meat refrigerator
text: door and goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL MEETING ROOM 69
text: Instead of hanging beef sides in the refrigerator, we find
text: a small meeting room. Around the table in the center are
text: Gondorff, Eirie, Singleton, the Big Ohio and the Tuxedo Kid.
text: Gondorff is dressed in his usual casual attire -- sleeve~-
text: less T-shirt, fedora hat and cigar. The Tuxedo Kid provides
text: a splash of color with a lime-green number. Hooker pulls up
text: a chair.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: All right, let's get started.
dialog: What's the news on this guy, J.J.?
text: Singleton organizes some notes he's made.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: I tell ya, Henry, Macalinski's been
dialog: around. He started as a strong-arm
text: at a carnival. Then he ran a shell
dialog: game, a monte booth, even did some
dialog: of the magic when the magician was
text: too soused to go on. But most of
dialog: all, he discouraged the customers
dialog: from takin’ too close a look at how
dialog: they were losin' their money. They
dialog: say he still likes to do a trick or
text: two at his parties when he gets a
text: few drinks in him. A guy walked
dialog: out once when he was doin' a rope
dialog: trick. They found him the next day
text: with his feet in a drill press. He
dialog: never walked at all after that, let
text: alone out of a party.
dialog: This piece of information has a very sobering effect on the
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: EIRIE .
dialog: Why do we always gotta go up against
dialog: these types?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 36
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: If they weren't these types, we
dialog: wouldn't have to.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: So if he's not a carney worker
dialog: anymore, what the hell is he?
speaker_heading: BIG OHIO .
dialog: He became an enforcer for Gandi
dialog: Bellino in '34. At the time,
dialog: Bellino was tryin' to nail down
dialog: all the prostitution in the city.
dialog: He put Macalinski in charge of
dialog: his gunsels. After Macalinski _
dialog: finished torpedoing the opposition,
text: he torpedoed Bellino. Now he runs
dialog: more gris than anybody on the |
dialog: island. He's still a shitty magi-
dialog: cian, though.
speaker_heading: INDORF’
dialog: He musta made a few enemies during
dialog: all this.
speaker_heading: _ BIG OHIO
dialog: Yeah, but nothin' he can't handle.
dialog: He's got some sore spots, though.
dialog: For one thing, he can't stand
dialog: Negroes. Guys like JoJo Berry and
dialog: Willie Bates. He says they give
dialog: prostitution a bad name by sellin’
dialog: cheap. It really frosts his butt
dialog: when they pick up the good white
dialog: talent.
dialog: Gondorff says nothing, but we can tell this bit of infor-
text: mation is not lost on him.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Okay. Tuxedo, what do you got on
dialog: his personal habits?
speaker_heading: oo, TUXEDO KID
dialog: Macalinski's the glamour type.
dialog: Snappy dresser, big tipper, owns
text: the Bluebird Club down on the pier.
dialog: Buys a new suit every day, wears it
text: once and then burns it. They say
dialog: he's fot fity-four diamond rings
dialog: and ee hundred pair of shoes.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I guess he doesn't believe in burn-
dialog: ing those.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 37
scene_heading: CONTINUED - 2 . 69
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID.
dialog: He's got every vice there is and a
dialog: few I'm not acquainted with, but
dialog: his biggest weakness is the janes.
dialog: He thinks he's death to women.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Is he?
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
dialog: You never see him with less than
dialog: four.
text: This creates a general feeling of disgust around the table.
dialog: If there's one thing a grifter can't stand in a mark, it's
dialog: pretention.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Do any of these dames ever stay
dialog: tight with him?
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
dialog: Naw, he doesn't like women that much.
dialog: He just can't stand it when they
dialog: don't like hin.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: _ Looks like we might be able to use
text: a woman on him in the setup.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: If we can find one with grifting
dialog: experience.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
dialog: He'd be a perfect mark except for
dialog: the fact t he probably knows all
dialog: the standard cons from his carney
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Then we'll have to go with a new
dialog: one. Watchin’ hoon the other
dialog: night, I got an idea for a fight
dialog: con that might be good for this
dialog: clown. I thought we'd call it the
dialog: Gondorff after its founder -- I
dialog: mean until we come up with some~
dialog: thing better.
text: Immediately everyone at the table comes up with something
text: better. Gondorff has to call for order.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: #00406 38
scene_heading: CONTINUED - 3 69
scene_heading: _. GONDORFF
dialog: The Gondorff it is. I haven't got
dialog: it all figured yet, but we'll need
text: a gym to start with. J.J. and the
dialog: Big Ohio can get on that. Tuxedo
dialog: can handle the bookmaking, The
dialog: only other thing we need is...
dialog: , (pause)
dialog: .»a fighter.
text: Everyone looks to Hooker. Hooker would rather they looked
text: at somebody else.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Why don't we get a real fighter?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Naw, we need somebody who can grift.
dialog: And Eirie said you were a Golden
dialog: Gloves champion.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeh, but that was fifteen years ago.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: It couldn't be any worse than when
dialog: Lonnegan's guys were shootin’ at ya.
text: Hooker realizes it's useless to protest. He nods his head
dialog: in acceptance of his role.
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: All right then, we'll all have to
dialog: work on percentage. We're pretty
dialog: short of cash. That queer the deal
dialog: for anybody?
text: Gondorff looks around the table. Everybody's in.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Okay, let's go to work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. A LARGE DEPARTMENT STORE - NIGHT 70
text: We pick up Hooker wandering through the sporting goods area.
text: He stops in the boxing section and tries on a few pairs of
text: gloves, testing the feel by throwing a couple shadow punches.
text: A Salesman approaches.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 70
dialog: m1
dialog: 71-A
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: #00406 39
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 70
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Can I help you?
dialog: Yeah, I'll take thie be pair. You got
dialog: any punching bags?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Well, we got a weight-bay sort of
dialog: thin on a stand. It's not like
dialog: you'd find in a gym, but....
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: That's good enough. I just need
dialog: somethin' to sharpen up on.
text: As the Salesman goes to ring up the purchases, Hooker hap-
text: pens to glance across the store.
scene_heading: HOOKER'S POINT OF VIEW ~ THE LINGERIE DEPARTMENT 71
text: He sees something in the lin nge rie department he can scarcely
text: believe. The woman behind the counter. He looks closer.
text: No doubt about it. It's Veronique, the part-time Countess.
scene_heading: BACK WITH HOOKER TI-A
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (to the
dialog: Salesman)
dialog: Hold this stuff for me, will ya.
dialog: I'll be back a littie later.
text: Hooker sneaks over toward the lingerie department, taking
text: great care not to let Veronique see him. He takes a detour
dialog: through the toy department.
scene_heading: IN THE TOY DEPARTMENT 72
text: Hooker pauses to lift a pair of handcuffs.
scene_heading: IN THE LINGERIE DEPARTMENT 73
text: Hooker then boldly | strides into the lingerie department
text: and goes right behind the counter, elbowing aside a few
text: customers on the way. Veronique is not de ighted to see
dialog: im.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: #00406 40
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 73
speaker_heading: ___ HOOKER
dialog: (pulling out
dialog: his handcuffs)
dialog: You're under arrest by order of the
dialog: Federal Bureau of Investigation.
text: At firet Veronique is dumbfounded. She figures he must be
dialog: ing.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: Drop dead, will ya.
dialog: We are seeing a new side of Veronique. No phony French
dialog: accent here. It's quite obvious that English is her first
text: language. She attempts to ignore Hooker by turning back to
dialog: her customers.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE .
dialog: Don't pay any attention to this guy.
dialog: e's...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 74
text: She doesn't get to finish the sentence. Hooker grabs her
text: arms and starts to handcuff them behind her back. Veronique
text: struggles mightily, kicking and screaming. The customers
text: are shocked.
speaker_heading: VERONIQUE
dialog: Keep your hands off me, creep.
text: . HOOKER .
dialog: I was hopin' you'd come along quietly,
dialog: lady, but I can see you got no class.
dialog: Looks like we'll have to add resist-
text: ing arrest and assault on an officer
dialog: to the list of charges.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 75
text: Hooker has the cuffs on now, but Veronique continues to
text: struggle. Meanwhile, the commotion has brought the depart-
text: ment Manager running.
speaker_heading: . MANAGER
dialog: What's going on here?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 41
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 75
speaker_heading: _ HOOKER
dialog: (flashing his
dialog: toy badge)
dialog: Eddie Hoover, FBI. Your saleslady
dialog: here, Miss Newberry, is wanted for
dialog: extortion and embezzlement in fifteen
dialog: states.
speaker_heading: . VERONIQUE
dialog: Don't believe this guy, Mr. Hertel.
speaker_heading: _ MANAGER .
dialog: But her name is Sherman. Veronica
dialog: Sherman.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Just one of her many aliases. It
dialog: was Sheila Newberry in Chicago. She
text: skimmed six grand from Macy's there.
dialog: I hope she didn't hit you hard.
speaker_heading: _ MANAGER — .
dialog: I hadn't noticed her taking anything.
speaker_heading: HOOKE
dialog: That's why she’s so eeod. We been
dialog: chasin' her for a year and a half,
dialog: but I guess your luck finally ran
dialog: out, huh sis
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Aw, dry up.
text: Hooker starts to lead her away. Mr. Hertel is not quite
dialog: sure what to do.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Please, Mr. Hertel, this guy is a
dialog: phony. He's nothin' but a two-bit
dialog: con artist. I know, I beat him on
dialog: a gvitch just last week when he
dialog: ied....
text: Veronica stops in midsentence, realizing what she's just
text: admitted. Mr. Hertel is more upset by this than if she were
text: an embezzler. Whatever doubts he had about Hooker are now
text: one. He gives Veronica his most scandalized glare. She
dialog: ows she's had it.
speaker_heading: __ VERONICA .
dialog: Aw, the hell with it. I was tired
dialog: ‘a workin' in your crappy store any-
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: cONT INUED
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: #00406 42
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 78
text: Now Hertel is really scandalized. As Veronica's being led
text: away, she turns to a wide-eyed customer who had been about
dialog: to buy a nightgown.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: You're gonna look like a bulldozer
dialog: in that, lady. I wouldn't wear this
dialog: stuff to shovel bird shit.
dialog: Hooker doesn't need to lead Veronica anymore. She's storn-
text: ing out of the store under her own er, even though her
text: hands are handcuffed behind her back.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPARTMENT STORE - NIGHT 76
text: We pick them up as they emerge onto the street.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Just wanted you to know I'm not a
dialog: sore loser.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Get lost, bozo.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPARTMENT STORE - ANOTHER ANGLE 77
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Don't give me no high-hat, sweet-
dialog: heart. You're down to my size now.
dialog: What happened to the Countess racket?
speaker_heading: . VERONICA
dialog: I decided to pack it in. All you
dialog: meet in that line is bums like you.
dialog: Christ, I gotta give Harriet twenty
dialog: five percent, I gotta buy the clothes,
dialog: pay off the maitre d', buy a few
dialog: drinks and I hook into some jerk
dialog: who's only good for thirty bucks. if
dialog: you were any kind of pro at all you
dialog: would've sweetened that boodie with ~
text: a 100 on the top, instead of a crummy
dialog: twenty.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'm smarter than the average guy,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 43
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED 77
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Naw, you're just poorer. Now take
dialog: the alr, will ya.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What if I offered you a job?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: I'd say take it yourself before
dialog: someone deserving gets it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: It'd be a chance to work the big con
dialog: with Henry Gondorff.
speaker_heading: VERON
dialog: Why should I believe you know H
dialog: Gondor ff? you entry
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What else you got goin'?
text: Veronica doesn't answer, but Hooker knows he's gotten
dialog: through to her.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'll meet ya tomorrow at 710 Deleware
text: Avenue, second floor. Two o'clock.
speaker_heading: _ VERONICA
dialog: Don't count on it.
text: Hooker splits off and heads back toward the department store.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Hey, you wanna take these cuffs off
dialog: now
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Not particularly.
speaker_heading: . VERONICA
dialog: What if some guy tries to paw me on
dialog: the way home?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Don't worry, lady. With your person-
dialog: ality, nobody'd get near ya. Too
dialog: bad, too. You got a nice pair of
dialog: gams.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: #00406 44
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ~ 2 77
scene_heading: ___. VERONICA
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: You'll never know how great.
dialog: On this note of tenderness, we:
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN ATLANTIC CITY - DAY - ESTABLISHING 78
text: an old brick building in one of the more rundown sections of
text: the city. The windows of the second floor have been glazed
text: over a workman is painting the words GOLDING'S GYM on
dialog: em.
scene_heading: INT. GOLDING'S GYM - DAY 79
text: Hooker comes into frame and goes up an unmarked stairway to
text: the second floor. Once a clearinghouse of some sort, the
text: place is rapidly being transformed into a boxing gym under
dialog: the direction of Singleton and The Big Ohio. Construction
text: goes on everywhere -- heavy bags are suspended from the |
text: ceiling, speed bags are affixed to the walls and a ring is
text: under construction in the center. In addition, dressing |
text: rooms are being built at both ends. Gondorff, at present, is
text: using one of them as an office. Hooker strolls through the
text: gym, taking in the work, and then enters the office.
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S OFFICE - DAY 80
text: Gondorff and the Tuxedo Kid are going over some preparations.
speaker_heading: HOO
dialog: Looks pretty good.
speaker_heading: GONDOREF .
dialog: You're gonna have to start usin' it
dialog: soon. I got you scheduled for a
dialog: fight with Danny Kelley on the 19th
dialog: at the Auditorium. The promoter |
dialog: owed me a favor, so he didn't let it
dialog: bother him that he never heard of you.
speaker_heading: _ TUXEDO KID
dialog: (handing Hooker
dialog: a little booklet)
dialog: Here's the press book we made up on
dialog: you. We send that to all the sports-
dialog: writers in town. That way they don't
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 45
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID (Cont'd)
dialog: need to go checkin' around to find
dialog: gut who you are. It's all laid out
dialog: or ‘em.
speaker_heading: _ HOOKER
dialog: (reading his
dialog: ring name
dialog: from the
dialog: cover) |
dialog: I'm Bobby Florian, huh?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Make sure you know everything in
dialog: there yourself. You gotta tell some
dialog: of it Macalinski. It's got all
dialog: your previous fights. As of now,
dialog: you're seven to one. ,
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Did I beat anybody good?
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
dialog: Yeah, I had you knock out three guys
dialog: in the first round. I said you were
text: lethal with either hand.
text: Hooker smiles at this. He likes the idea of bein' lethal
text: with either hand.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 81
text: The Big Ohio pops his head in the door.
speaker_heading: BIG OHIO .
dialog: Hey, Gondorff. There's some jane out
dialog: here to see you.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'll be damned, she showed up.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Who showed up?
text: . HOOKER .
dialog: I think I found a girl that's just
dialog: what we're lookin’ for. Name's
dialog: Veronica Sherman.
dialog: th)
dialog: I grifted with her some the last
dialog: couple years.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 46
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED 81
dialog: (perking up)
dialog: Oh yeah? What'd you play?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Oh, ya know.,.the glim dropper, the
dialog: tat, stuff like that. She's smart,
dialog: she's a good-looker and she don't
text: rattle.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: How come you didn't mention her the
dialog: other day?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I wasn't sure she was in town.
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: All right, Ohio, send her in.
scene_heading: 82 ANOTHER ANGLE 82
text: Ohio opens the door and motions Veronica in.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Veronica, this is Henry Gondorff.
text: Veronica shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: . VERONICA
dialog: Nice to meet ya.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Hooker says you two played some con
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GO]
dialog: What did you play?
dialog: * . HOO!
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: I told ya that already.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Oh, ya know, the Spanish prisoner,
text: the tip racket, the pigeon drop.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 47
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED : 82
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: _ (appalled)
dialog: The pigeon drop!
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (to Veronica,
dialog: insulted as
dialog: hell)
dialog: What do you take me for? T wouldn't
dialog: play no pigeon drop, stealin' from
dialog: old ladies.
speaker_heading: ___ VERONICA
dialog: (blowin
dialog: her top .
dialog: How was I Supposed to know what dumb
dialog: stuff you made up? You coulda at
dialog: least filled me in.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: I didn't even know you was comin'.
scene_heading: __. GONDORFF
dialog: (calling for
dialog: . quiet) . .
dialog: All ragnt, all right. At first I
dialog: figured you had never played any-
dialog: thing but footsie together, but now
dialog: _I can see you ain't even done that.
dialog: What's goin' on?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: She reversed a switch on me a couple
dialog: weeks ago.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: Not bad. What was your name again?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Sherill. Veronica Sherill.
speaker_heading: GONDOREF
dialog: You told Hooker it was Sherman.
speaker_heading: VERONICA ~ spe
dialog: So you want me to send away for my
dialog: birth certificate? s
dialog: . " GONDORFF* |
dialog: Miss Sherill,-or Sherman, or whatever
dialog: the hell it is, when we're on a con
dialog: we at least try and tell the truth
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: o~
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: #00406 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 82
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (Cont'd)
dialog: to each other. I mean you don't
dialog: gotta tell it all the time, just
dialog: when you're asked somethin'.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: (somevbat.
dialog: trite} , .
dialog: It's sheridan. Veronica Sheridan.
dialog: C 1. histicated
dialog: an you play a stica
dialog: sheridan? t mean’ a cafe socie
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: She beat me doin' a French countess
text: with a maid servant.
text: Veronica supports Hooker's assertion by spouting some French.
text: Gondorff is impressed .
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: All right, it, Veronica, you're on. Be
dialog: here a’ o Ehtocge ek tonight. We're
dialog: gonna run the set-up. Tomor-
dialog: row night we go" up against our man.
text: Veronica nods. She plays it cool, but inside she's excited
dialog: as hell.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: #00406 49
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. THE BLUEBIRD CLUB - NIGET
text: Located on the amusement pier, the Bluebird is Macalinski's
text: club. Hooker, Eirie and Veronica are sitting in a car across
text: the street, obviously waiting for something. It's the night
dialog: for the con to begin and they're all a little edgy. Veronica
text: is particularly quiet in the back seat.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Where's Gondorff? He's twenty minutes
dialog: late already.
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: Take it easy, Eirie. He'll be here.
dialog: Has he ever not shown up before?
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: He's never had to do what he's doin!
dialog: tonight, either. What if that stuff
dialog: don'€ look right?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: It'll look right; Singleton knows
dialog: what he's doin'.
dialog: ng
dialog: eronica)
dialog: a
dialog: How come we ain't heard anything outa
dialog: ‘ you, Sheridan? You nervous? 3
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: No, why should I be?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I was nervous my first big con.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: if TI had your skill, I'd be nervous
dialog: 0.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: That's what we like to hear, Sheridan.
dialog: I was afraid you were gettin' stiff
dialog: on us back there.
text: A pair of headlights appears down the street and stops about
text: twenty feet away.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: That's him. Let's go, Eirie.
dialog: (to Veronica}.
dialog: Lag us about thirty seconds.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 83
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 85-A
speaker_heading: 85-B
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: #00406 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 83
text: Veronica nods her head. As Hooker and Eirie get out of the
dialog: car, we: :
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. THE BLUEBIRD CAFE - NIGHT 84
dialog: The most exclusive club in Atlantic City and definitely in
dialog: the tradition of the great supper clubs of the early forties.
text: Characterized by its bold deco design, satin curtains and
text: tablecloths and an elevated bandstand with its Busby Berkeley
text: backdrops, the Bluebird prides itself on its elegance. The
dialog: bandstand is actually divided into three tiers, the top tier
text: (containing the drummer and piano player) a flood twelve feet
text: above the floor, The waiters are all dressed in black tux-
text: edos, the band in tails, and the cocktail waitresses and
text: cigarette girls in tuxedoettes -- backless tuxedo jackets,
text: tuxedo shorts with cummerbund, high heels with spats, and
text: top hat -- much like the girls in Fatha Hines Grand Terrace
dialog: orus.
speaker_heading: ANGLE . 85
text: Hooker and Eirie enter the club, and after checking their
text: hats, move to a position to eyeball the floor.
scene_heading: THEIR POINT OF VIEW 85-A
text: Then the band vocalist is into a rendition of "I Can't Get
dialog: Started."
scene_heading: BACK WITH ERIE AND HOOKER 85-B
speaker_heading: . EIRIE
dialog: Which one is him?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
text: The wey at the table in back with
text: all bimbos around hin.
speaker_heading: ON MACALINSKI 86
text: sitting at hig private table, holding court with several
dialog: Y girls o . sically imposing, 258
text: than handsome. man, facalinski Breesce with all the flash of
dialog: the true narcissist. His tastes are expensive like the
dialog: Tuxedo Kid's, but not nearly as good. :
dialog: 87
dialog: 87-A
speaker_heading: 87-B
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: #00406 $1
speaker_heading: ON VERONICA 87
text: Veronica enters the club now, a vision in black satin. She
text: informs the maitre d' that she's alone and is led to a table
text: within Macalinski's line of sight. She lights a cigarette
text: and surveys the room, a stunning presence, at once sophisti-
text: cated and totally relaxed.
scene_heading: ON MACALINSKI 87-A
text: Macalinski spies her just as another guy sits down with her.
scene_heading: ON EIRIE AND HOOKER 87-B
speaker_heading: .__ EIRIE
dialog: Who's that jerk?
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: I don't know, but we gotta get him
dialog: outta there. Give him a call, Eirie.
speaker_heading: WITH EIRIE 88
text: Eirie immediately walks over to Veronica's table. On the
text: way, he snatches a napkin from an empty table and drapes it
text: over his arm, giving the appearance of a waiter.
speaker_heading: EI
dialog: Excuse me, sir, what's your name?
speaker_heading: RICHARDSON
dialog: Richardson. Lionel Richardson.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: That's what I thought. Mr. Richardson,
dialog: there's a call for you in the lobby.
text: On the green phone.
text: Richardson gets up to take his call wondering who could be
dialog: calling him here.
scene_heading: ON MACALINSKT 89
text: Macalinski looks over again and catches Veronica's eyes.
text: She makes contact, giving just a hint of interest and then,
text: demures slightly. Macalinski takes it as an invitation. He
text: gets up and moves confidently toward Veronica's table, leav~-
text: ing his entourage to fend for itself.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: #00406 52
scene_heading: AT VERONICA’S TABLE 90
text: He arrives at the table and goes into his opening line, only
text: to find another Voice saying it in unison with him.
scene_heading: MACALINSKI AND VOICE
dialog: Good evening, mind if I sit down?
speaker_heading: ANGLE 91
text: Macalinski and the camera turn toward the source of the other
text: Voice. Standing there is one of the sharpest-looking black
text: men we have ever seen. Resplendent in an ivory suit with
text: vest, shoes and hat to match, the man is particularly strik-
text: ing because of his deep blue eyes. Of course, the man is
dialog: Gondorff£.
text: Both men look at each other with contempt, but each adopts a
dialog: civil tone.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
text: There seems to be an echo in here.
speaker_heading: : MACALINSKI
dialog: Excuse me, but I'm afraid I was here
dialog: first. :
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I'm sorry, but I believe I was here
dialog: first.
text: Gondorff looks to Veronica to settle the dispute.
speaker_heading: GONDO!
dialog: Madam? aE
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: I really couldn't tell. It seemed
dialog: you both were here at the same time.
speaker_heading: , MACALINSKI
dialog: Who would you prefer, then?
speaker_heading: __ VERONICA
dialog: I don't know either of you well
dialog: enough to prefer, It's no disgrace
text: for ‘two men to sit at the same table,
dialog: is i
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: #00406 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 91
text: Both men exchange glances as if fully expecting the other to
text: leave, When it doesn't happen, both sit, none too happy with
dialog: the situation.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (to Veronica
dialog: I'm Carlo Macalinski. I own the
dialog: club here. You may have heard of
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: VERONICA .
dialog: Noe I'm sorry. I'm new in Atlantic
dialog: ‘ity.
dialog: (offerin
text: ‘her hand
dialog: Lola Forrest.
text: Veronica turns to Gondorff now, He takes her hand and kisses
text: it as he introduces himself. Macalinski is disgusted by
text: Gondorff's elaborate chivalry.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Ivory Berrigan. It's a pleasure to
dialog: meet you, Miss Forrest.
speaker_heading: . . VERONICA
dialog: Do you live here too?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: No, I'm here on business. Unfortu-
dialog: nately I have to travel quite a bit
dialog: overseeing various interests. When
dialog: I encounter a woman of your charm,
dialog: it makes all the miles worthwhile.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Well, gone you, Mr. Berrigan. You're
dialog: very ki
text: Macalinski wants to throw up.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (to Veronica)
dialog: I was wondering if oud like to go
dialog: somewhere nice for dinner. I know a
dialog: place across the....
speaker_heading: MACALINSKT
dialog: __ (snapping)
dialog: We've got the best food in town right
dialog: re.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: #00406 54
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 91
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: I beg to differ, Mr. Macalinski.
text: Macalinski has had enough. The pretense of amiability is
text: quickly dropped.
speaker_heading: - MACALINSKI
dialog: Why don't you come off that
dialog: culture bit. You're not foolin'
dialog: Miss Forrest. She's gonna be spend~
dialog: ing the evening with me.
speaker_heading: : GONDORFF
dialog: Maybe if you chain her to the table.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Gentlemen!
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: You know, I could always have you
text: shown to the door.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I doubt if that would make a favor-
dialog: able impression with Miss Forrest.
dialog: And it might look °° © your staff like
dialog: you were afraid of
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Please, there's really no need....
text: Veronica's pleas for peace are a drop in the bucket. There's
dialog: no turning back now. .
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: You don't worry me, Berrigan. Just
dialog: ‘cause you shined enough shoes to
dialog: buy yourself a suit don't mean you
dialog: can own Phi town with the white folks.
dialog: town. Miss Forrest knows
dialog: Te can give her anything she wants.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Except class, They wouldn't even let
dialog: you in here if you didn't own the
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: #00406 55
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 3 91
speaker_heading: ___ MACALINSKI
dialog: (gettin
dialog: hot now)
dialog: Who you talkin' to about class, brown
dialog: boy. I've had over five hundred fe-
dialog: males in my life.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Yeh, but four hundred ninety of 'em
dialog: were sheep. —
text: Macalinski stands up as to invite Gondorf£ outside, just as:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 92
text: Eirie passes by with a drink. Eirie makes sure to bump into
text: him showering drink all over Macalinski's head and suit.
text: Eirie apologizes profusely, but receives nothing but verbal
dialog: abuse in return.
text: While Macalinski is busy toweling off his suit, Gondorff
text: comes over and attempts to dry Macalinski's hair with a nap-
text: kin. He makes one swipe, and’ suddenly Macalinski is bald.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Mr. Macalinski, your hair!
text: Macalinski reaches for the top of his head and feels only
text: skin. He has a terrible realization as Gondorff looks in
text: his napkin and holds up a slightly soggy hairpiece.
text: . GONDORFF . .
dialog: This is real convenient, Macalinski.
dialog: We'll just send this rug out to be
dialog: dry cleaned and you won't have to
dialog: wash your hair. What'll they think
dialog: of next? Is that your real nose?
text: Macalinski's humiliation has given way to pure rage. He
text: tries to snap the toupee out of Gondorff's hands.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: Give me that.
text: Unfortunately, Gondorff pulls away slightly as Macalinski
text: grabs the hair, causing the hairpiece to split right up the
text: middie. At this point, Gondorff lets go and calls for a
text: waiter loud enough for the whole club hear.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: #00406 56
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 92
scene_heading: . . GONDORFF
dialog: Waiter, waiter! Could we get some
dialog: thread over here? Mr. Macalinski
text: seems to have a run in his wig.
text: Macalinski motions the waiter to get lost or fear for his
dialog: ife.
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: (with
dialog: sincerity) .
dialog: That's too bad. It was such a nice
dialog: one too. You probably get lotsa
dialog: compliments on that. ‘Course you'd
dialog: think they'd give ya better glue with
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: You watch your tongue, nigger, or
dialog: you'll wake up one morning without it.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE : 93
text: Macalinski has said this with his back to Veronica so that
dialog: she hasn't heard it.- Gondorff figures maybe it's time to lay
text: off for a while. Both men take their seats, as Macalinski
text: reaches for a deck of cards in the center of the table.
speaker_heading: ,MACALINSKI
dialog: (surprising]:
dialog: __ composed now)
dialog: I think we owe it to Miss Forrest to
dialog: settle our differences like gentlemen.
text: A simple game of skill.
text: Macalinski puts two cards face down on the table. He then
text: goes through the deck and pulls out the queen of diamonds.
text: He holds it up for Gondorff and Veronica to see.
dialog: .. , MACALINSKI
text: The queen, in honor of Miss Forrest.
text: He puts the queen face down on the table between the two other
text: cards, and lays the rest of the deck aside. As he does it, we
text: see him slip one card up his sleeve.
scene_heading: th . . MACALINERI I
dialog: e game is s @ enough. I move
text: the cards around. Mr. Berrigan
text: tries to pick out the queen. If he
dialog: does, he'll have the pleasure of
dialog: Miss Forrest's Company alone. If
dialog: not, he'll leave & club and never
dialog: return. Fair enough, Berrigan.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: #00406 57
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 93
speaker_heading: . _ GONDORFF
dialog: Fair enough.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (to Veronica) .
dialog: Why don't you try it once, just to
dialog: show Mr. Berrigan how it's done?
speaker_heading: _ VERONICA
dialog: All right, if you insist.
text: Macalinski moves the cards. It's easy to follow the queen.
text: it ends up in the middle. Veronica picks it out with no
dialog: rouble.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: See, nothin' to it, Berrigan. Even
dialog: you should be able to do it.
text: As Macalinski takes the queen back from Veronica, he palms
text: it and replaces it with the card up his sleeve, It's done
text: in a movement so deft that we can only see it in slow motion.
text: Gondorff and Veronica can't possibly have seen it at all.
text: Macalinski puts the new card face down in the middle again,
text: with everyone assuming it's still the queen.
speaker_heading: . _MACALINSKI
dialog: _All right, Berrigan, your turn.
text: Macalinski begins moving the cards again, more quickly this
text: time, but it's still not difficult to follow the card that
text: should have been the queen. It ends up in the middle again.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: Well, which one is it?
text: Gondorff studies the cards. It seems like there's no way he
text: can win. None of them are queens. Gondorff puts his hands
text: on the two outside cards.
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: I'll say it's neither of these two.
text: Before Macalinski can protest, Gondorff flips over the two
dialog: cards. Neither, of course, is the queen.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Looks like I win. The queen has got
dialog: to be the other one.
text: Macalinski does a slow burn, but there's nothing he can do.
text: He's been outfoxed. He goes to take in the non-queen that's
text: still face down, but Gondorff's hand is on it first. -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: #00406 58
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 2 93
dialog: . GONDORFF |
dialog: I just wanta thank the little lady
text: before she goes back in the deck.
text: Gondorff flips over the card. It's a four of clubs. Veronica
text: reacts with feigned shock. Macalinski tries to maintain his
dialog: ignity.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Tf you'll excuse us, Miss Forrest
dialog: and I have a date for dinner.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (to Veronica) .
dialog: You're not really gonna go out with
dialog: him, are ya?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: It would be a pleasure.
text: As Veroncia and Gondorff get up to leave, Gondorff flips a
text: dollar bill toward Macalinski.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: That's for the use of the table. Keep
dialog: the change.
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: Macalinski's
speaker_heading: Ss
dialog: Maybe you can get yourself a shine.
text: Macalinski gives Gondorff a look that could kill.
speaker_heading: WITH GONDORFF 94
text: as he turns and leaves the club with Veronica on his am.
text: He winks at Hooker as he passes his table.
speaker_heading: ON MACALINSKI 95
text: as he starts back toward his own table. There's a on
text: his shoulder. He turns around to find a very agitate:
dialog: Lionel Richardson.
speaker_heading: _. RICHARDSON
dialog: Excuse me, sir, I was told you were
dialog: the owner. Can you tell me where
dialog: the green phone 1s?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: #00406 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 95
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
text: He walks away, leaving poor Richardson to make another futile
text: search for his telephone call.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE BLUEBIRD CLUB ~ LATER THAT NIGHT 96
text: Macalinski, accompanied by three bodyguards, comes out a side
text: door of the club and walks down the pier to the amusement
text: center. He's generally in a foul mood, and has sent the
dialog: women home for the night. :
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - NIGHT 97
text: A couple of concessionaires say hello to Macalinski, but he
text: doesn't respond. As he reaches the park entrance, Hooker
text: approaches from the side. He's dressed more working class
text: now, complete with a Cagney beret. He adopts the speech
text: pattern of a prizefighter.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Mr. Macalinski.
text: Hooker gets no acknowledgement from Macalinski, but is imme-
text: diately surrounded by two bodyguards. Macalinski walks on
dialog: ahead.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I wanta see Macalinski.
speaker_heading: “BODYGUARD
dialog: He don't wanna see nobody.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Tell him it's about Ivory Berrigan.
text: One of the bodyguards hustles ahead to Macalinski. They have
text: a short conference and the Bodyguard waves Hooker and the |
text: second bodyguard forward. Macalinski, however, doesn't wait
text: for them. He continues on toward his objective.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Where are we goin'? Can't I talk to
dialog: him here?
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: He's takin' his ride. He does it
text: every night before he goes to bed.
dialog: Says it helps him sleep.
dialog: 98
dialog: 98-A
speaker_heading: #00406 60
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - AT PARACHUTE JUMP ~ NIGHT 98
text: Finally Macalinski reaches his destination -- the famous
text: Parachute Jump, an awesome tower of steel reaching 300 feet
text: into the air, culminating at the top in a brightly lit eight-
text: pronged platform. Suspended by long cables from each prong
text: of the platform are the flimsy-looking two-seater chairs,
text: which now dangle a few feet off the ground waiting for the
dialog: next round of riders. Having no weight in them at this
text: point, the chairs swing slightly in the breeze, sending
text: Pinging noises up the cables which just seem to disappear
text: in the dark sky above. Not a ride for the faint of heart.
text: The Operator of the parachute is quite familiar with
dialog: Macalinski.
speaker_heading: . OPERATOR
dialog: Evening, Mr. Macalinski. Oughta be _
dialog: able to see all the way to Philadelphia
dialog: tonight.
text: Macalinski just nods. For the first time, he turns to face
text: Hooker, who has caught up by now.
text: . MACALINSKT .
dialog: You was in the club tonight, right?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeah, but....
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: {pointing to the
dialog: _ Parachute chair)
dialog: Get in.
text: Hooker looks up at the tower. He's not at all sure he wants
dialog: to get in that seat.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: You wanna talk or don't ya?
text: Hooker nods weakly and gets into the seat. The Operator straps
text: them in and the chair begins to rise.
scene_heading: ON HOOKER AND MACALINSKI 98-A
speaker_heading: BOOKER ;
dialog: The name's Florian, Bobby Florian.
text: Hooker offers his hand. Macalinski ignores it.
speaker_heading: ,MACALINSKI
dialog: What about Berrigan?
speaker_heading: HOOKER ;
dialog: That thing he did with your hair
dialog: and all. That wasn't no accident. :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: o~
dialog: 98-A
dialog: 99
dialog: 99-A
speaker_heading: #00406 61
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 98-A
speaker_heading: HOOKER (Cont'd)
dialog: He'd been plannin' to do that as a
dialog: favor for some friends of his, JoJo
dialog: Berry and Will Bates, who don't like
dialog: you so good, just to make you look
dialog: bad in your own joint.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (sarcastically) .
dialog: And you felt so bad about it, you
dialog: decided to tell me so I could kill ya.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Hey, look, I got nothin' against you.
dialog: I'm a fighter, not a mob gee. I just
dialog: done what he tells me up to now.
speaker_heading: __MACALINSKI
dialog: Are these business interests he says
dialog: he's got all fighters?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeah, me and a couple other guys who
dialog: ain't worth shinola. He makes his
dialog: dough offa my right hand.
text: Hooker holds up a clenched right fist to demonstrate the
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: ___ HOOKER
dialog: See, when I signed with this guy, he
dialog: told me he was gonna bring me along
dialog: right....
text: At this point, Hooker happens to glance down at the ground:
scene_heading: HOOKER'S POINT OF VIEW - THE GROUND BELOW 99
text: which is now about 150 feet away. It scares the hell out of
dialog: im.
scene_heading: BACK WITH HOOKER : 99-A
text: op FOOKER .
dialog: Anyway, I win my first four fights
dialog: in a row all by knockouts, three of
dialog: ‘em in the first heat. So he gets
dialog: me a fight with Alvarado, who's ranked
dialog: number fifteen. The guy's so far
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 99-A
dialog: 100
dialog: 100-A
dialog: 101
dialog: #00406 , 62
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 99-A
speaker_heading: : HOOKER (Cont'd)
dialog: over the hill, you can't see him no
dialog: more, and Berrigan tells me I gotta
text: throw the fight so he can pay off
dialog: some markers. Take a dive in the
dialog: fifth. So I'm out there, fresh as
dialog: a daisy, ain't been hit with nothin'
dialog: all night, and I gotta lie down.
text: Hooker steals another quick glance at the ground.
scene_heading: HOOKER'S POINT OF VIEW - THE GROUND BELOW 100
text: The height is starting to get to him.
scene_heading: BACK WITH HOOKER AND MACALINSKI 100-A
text: Macalinski, meanwhile, continues to take in the sights like
text: he was looking out a train window.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: So he leaves me alone the next three
dialog: fights, I bust three more guys,
dialog: including Frankie Carl, who ain't no
text: bum. I take him out in the fourth.
dialog: .So now I got a shot at Kelley ina
dialog: week, who couldn't beat me with an
dialog: axe, and Berrigan wants me to go in
dialog: the water again. Every time I start
dialog: gettin' someplace, he tanks me out.
dialog: T ain't gonna take that no more. I
dialog: coulda been eight and zero by now
dialog: and fightin' high rankers.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 101
text: The height is about 240 feet now and the wind is beginning
text: to blow the chair around a little. Hooker is struggling to
dialog: maintain his cool.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: That's very touching, but what do ya
dialog: need me for?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: If I cross Berrigan, I'm gonna need
dialog: some protection. I don't take that
dialog: dive, and his people '1l break my
dialog: legs. They tell me you got some
dialog: muscle in this town. I don't know
dialog: if it's enough to handle Berrigan,
dialog: but I'm willin' to take a chance.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: pw 301
dialog: a
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: “~~
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: _ MACALINSKI
dialog: (chuckling
dialog: to himself)
dialog: Don't think I got enough to handle
dialog: Berrigan, huh?
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: I'm tellin' ya, he's no good. I
dialog: seen what he's done to some people.
dialog: Nobody wants to mess with him.
speaker_heading: _ _MACALINSKI ;
dialog: Well, assuming I don't die of fright,
dialog: what's in it for me?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Well, I got some money goin' down on
dialog: this fight. I'm layin' six grand on
dialog: me. I cut you in for, say, twenty
dialog: percent at even odds, that's, ah....
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: Twelve hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: That oughta be worth some protection.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
text: About fifteen minutes.
text: . HOOKER .
dialog: Okay...Fifty percent. Look, I ain't
dialog: got any more. What do you say?
speaker_heading: ON MACALINSKI
text: Macalinski ‘isn't about to say.
dialog: top now.
speaker_heading: ON HOOKER
text: Hooker takes a look, but
dialog: *two feet
text: He looks out over the panorama.
speaker_heading: _ _, MACALINSKI
dialog: (pointing
dialog: __ horthwest)
dialog: Arnie was right. You can see
dialog: Philadelphia.
text: u ickly fixes again on a
text: in front of his face. He really looks ba
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: The chair has reached the
dialog: 103
dialog: oint about
dialog: now.
text: The rigid expression of one who is really scared stiff.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: #00406 64
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 103
text: Suddenly the bottom drops out and the chair plunges in what
dialog: seems like free fall. So realistic was this ride that the
dialog: Armed Forces used to use it to train paratroopers. The last
dialog: glimpse we had of Hooker was one of sheer terror. About
text: eighty feet from the bottom a parachute opens and slows the
dialog: final stages of the descent. We:
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: THE BOTTOM OF THE RIDE 104
text: as the seat settles down to the ground, Macalinski steps out
text: like he'd just been for a manicure. Hooker staggers out,
text: not at all sure of his balance.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: So what do ya say, Macalinski?
speaker_heading: | MACALINSKI
dialog: (walking away) :
dialog: I'll think about it. What gym you
dialog: train at?
speaker_heading: ; HOOKER
dialog: Golding's on Seventh. Where should
dialog: I call ya? The club?
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Forget it, If I want to talk to ya,
dialog: T'li get in touch with you.
text: Hooker watches them go, leaning on a post for support. Once
text: they're safely out of sight, he stumbles over to a trash can
text: and throws up.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: EXT. A DINER ON THE AMUSEMENT PIER - NIGHT 105
text: A typical waterfront greasy spoon with a horseshoe counter
dialog: and napkin holders that dispense fortunes.
scene_heading: INT. DINER ON THE PIER - NIGHT. 106
text: Hooker enters the diner to get something to settle his
text: stomach. The place is pretty empty this time of night.
text: Hooker orders a bicarbonate, While he's waiting, he happens
text: to look across the counter just as a familiar face looks
text: up at him. It's his old friend, Lieutenant Snyder, the
text: Chicago bunco detective. The two men are astonished to.
text: see each other. At first, neither of them moves from his
dialog: position. -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: #00406 65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 106
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Hi there, Hooker. Remember me?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How could I forget you, Snyder. |
dialog: What are you doin' in Atlantic City,
dialog: bringin' in a new disease?
dialog: Snyder has long since learned to let cracks like that roll
text: off his back. He feigns casualness, but is ready to move
text: at the slightest hint that Hooker is going to flee. Hooker,
text: on the other hand, is finely attuned to any sign that Snyder
text: may attack. Hooker's bicarbonate is brought to him by the
text: fountain attendant.
speaker_heading: ER
dialog: I'm with the federal bunco people
dialog: now. Came down here to pinch a guy.
speaker_heading: _ _, HOOKER
dialog: (drinking his
dialog: bicarbonate)
dialog: Well I hope you find him.
speaker_heading: _ SNYDER .
dialog: I just did. Didn't expect him to
dialog: walk right up to me though.
speaker_heading: __ HOOKER :
dialog: You're bluffin'. The feds got bigger
dialog: guys to worry about than me.
speaker_heading: . SNYDER
dialog: Not this one. I coulda overlooked
dialog: that three grand in bad notes you
dialog: slipped me in Chicago, but when you
dialog: played me for the chump in that
dialog: Lonnegan caper, that tore it. It
dialog: was ail I could do to keep Lonnegan
dialog: from puttin' a bullet in me. I
dialog: figure if you go up for a ten-year
dialog: stretch, it might square things up.
speaker_heading: . _ HOOKER
dialog: You know it ain't gonna do no good
dialog: to chase me. I've always been faster
dialog: than you.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Yeah, but I got the endurance. I
dialog: been waitin' four years for this.
speaker_heading: #00406 66
scene_heading: 107 ANOTHER ANGLE 107
text: Snyder gets up from his stool to make his move. Hooker
text: flips a coin on the counter to pay for the_ bicarbonate and
text: then sprints out the door with Snyder in close pursuit.
scene_heading: 108 EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK PIER - NIGHT - ON HOOKER 108
text: racing down the amusement midway with Snyder at his heels,
text: both dodging the street vendors and the scattered people
text: still strolling the pier at this hour. Hooker makes for the
text: Fun House, leaping the turnstile much to the surprise of the
text: attendant. Snyder flashes his badge as he crashes through.
dialog: curt TO
scene_heading: 109 INT. FUN HOUSE - NIGHT 109
text: Like most forties fun houses, this one consists of a series
dialog: of "obstacles" that one must pass through to get out. Once
dialog: you're in the progression, you have to go on. There's no
text: turning back. The obstacles are designed to be fun if taken
dialog: at a deliberate speed. If you're in a hurry, the place can
text: be treacherous. Neither Hooker nor Snyder are deliberating.
scene_heading: 110 FUN HOUSE ENTRANCE TUNNEL 110
text: The first obstacle is a revolving drum just inside the
text: entrance tunnel. It's difficult enough to walk through.
text: But Hooker tries to take it at a dead run. He's thrown
text: down violently and tumbles several times, Snyder is able
text: to grab him for an instant, but is immediately thrown off
text: his feet too.
speaker_heading: lll ANGLE 111
text: The two men grapple fiercely, tumbling head over heels,
text: banging off the walls, flailing at each other with arms and
text: legs. Neither is able to establish dominance because of
text: the constant revolving of the drum. Hooker finally kicks
text: himself free and scrambles out on hands and knees. Both
dialog: men have taken a terrible beating. .
scene_heading: 112 ANOTHER TUNNEL IN THE FUN HOUSE 112
text: Hooker jumps to his feet and heads into another tunnel, this
text: one pitch dark. Still the two go as fast as they can, in an
text: effort to gain ground, crashing from side to side, tripping
text: on things, knocking over the laughing clowns and roaring
text: devils that pop out at them. :
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: #00406 67
text: AT A FOUR-LANE SLIDE IN THE FUN HOUSE 113
text: Hooker emerges from the tunnel at the top of a four-lane
text: slide. Usually one negotiates the slide by sitting on a
text: burlap sack. Hooker disdains the sack, flinging himself
text: down the slope head first. Both are getting skin burns to
text: go with the bruises they got in the barrel. Neither man is
dialog: having fun in this house.
text: IN THE FUN HOUSE ~- AT THE BOTTOM OF THE SLIDE 114
dialog: Hooker has his choice of the "Slanted House" or the "Mirror
text: Maze." A good mirror maze is truly a confounding expersence.
dialog: People have been known to get lost in them for upwards of
dialog: an hour.
scene_heading: IN THE FUN HOUSE ~ MIRROR MAZE 115
text: Snyder charges in after Hooker, and is brought to a quick
text: stop by the sight of sixteen different images of himself.
text: The pace of the chase now changes completely.
text: Snyder makes his way slowly through the maze, painstakingly
text: trying to discern the real path from all the reflected ones.
text: Every once in a while an image of Hooker will flash across
text: several mirrors, but Snyder has no idea which one to chase.
text: It's quiet now, the only sound, the labored breathing of the
text: two men. Hooker finally calls to Snyder from another part
dialog: Q e maze.
dialog: ¥
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You never shoulda followed me in
dialog: here, Snyder. I've been through
dialog: this maze a hundred times.
speaker_heading: -SNYDER
dialog: It don't matter what you do, Hooker.
dialog: I'm not leavin' Atlantic City with-
dialog: out you.
dialog: . HOOKER |
dialog: Guess I might as well give up then.
text: Suddenly, Hooker appears rig t off Snyder's left shoulder.
text: He cocks his arm for a punch, but Snyder catches him out of
text: the corner of his eye, whirls around, and smashes a mighty
dialog: blow to Hooker's gut. Or what he thought was Hooker. Un-
text: fortunately, it's just another mirror image. Hooker, because
dialog: of his experience in this maze, knew just where to stand to
text: create a single reflection. Snyder's punch splinters the
text: mirror to bits and opens a nasty cut on his head.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 415
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: #00406 68
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 115
text: Snyder is an enraged bull now. Several images of Hooker
text: begin to appear in the mirrors. Snyder goes after all of
text: them, wildly clubbing them with his pistol butt, kicking
text: them with his boots, shattering mirror after mirror in a
text: frantic attempt to destroy the real Hooker. Finally all the
text: images of Hooker disappear, and Snyder hears his footsteps
text: receding rapidly in the distance. He knows by the time he
text: finds his way out, Hooker will be long gone. He looks back
text: at the trail of destruction he's left and then slumps back
text: against the wall in exhaustion. We hold a beat and:
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHINESE MARKET - NIGHT 116
text: The store is closed, but Hooker gets in with a key and goes
text: back to the "meat locker."
scene_heading: INT. MEETING ROOM - NIGHT 117
text: Gondorff, Singleton, The Big Ohio, the Tuxedo Kid and Eirie
text: are waiting for him. Gondorff has gotten out of his ivory
text: suit, preferring, of course, his undershirt and fedora.
text: However, he's still in his makeup. We see that it only
text: covers from his neck up and from his wrists out. The rest
text: of him is lily-white.
speaker_heading: : GONDORFF
dialog: Well it took ya long enough. How'd
dialog: it go? .
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: He didn't say much. 1 don't know
dialog: how good a hook I got into him.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: What'd he say when you told him
dialog: about the Kelley fight?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Nothin'. Just kept lookin' at the
dialog: scenery. Maybe he doesn't hate you -
dialog: enough yet.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: It's not enough for these guys to
dialog: hate ya. They gotta see how they
dialog: can make money offa hatin' ya. He'll
dialog: figure it out.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: #00406 69
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 117
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: That ain't the worst of it. I ran
dialog: into Snyder tonight.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: What the hell's he doin’ here?
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: He's a fed now. Been failin' his
dialog: way upward, but he still don't like
dialog: me any better than he used to.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You think he knows what we're here
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Naw, he came for me. Says he's gonna
dialog: send me up this time.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You say the word, we all go home.
dialog: None of us'd like to see you do a
dialog: stretch.
dialog: . HOOKER |
dialog: Forget it. None of us likes the
dialog: stretch Kid Twist is doin' either.
dialog: I've stayed away from Snyder this
dialog: long, I can lose him for another
dialog: couple weeks.
speaker_heading: ; GONDORFF
dialog: (tired) .
dialog: Okay, let's knock off for tonight.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: EXT. AN ATLANTIC CITY STREET - NIGHT 118
text: It's late at night now and the street is about deserted.
text: Hooker is making his way home staying in the shadows as much
text: as possible in case Snyder may be patrolling the streets.
text: He passes an apartment building and sees a light on ina
text: third floor window. He stops for a second, considers it
text: and decides to enter the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. VERONICA'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT - HOOKER 119
text: etting off the elevator, an old cage-type, at the third
text: loor. He goes down the hall to door 306 and knocks. The
text: door opens, and there stands Veronica. The radio plays
dialog: Helen Forrest's "I'm Nobody's Baby."
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED
dialog: Hooker,
dialog: 70
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: __ HOOKER
dialog: Howdy. I was in the neighborhood;
dialog: 1 thought I'd drop by and say you
dialog: did a nice job on Macalinski tonight.
speaker_heading: ____ VERONICA
dialog: (making no move
dialog: to invite him in)
dialog: It was nothin'. Just another con.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: If it was so nothin', why aren't
dialog: you asleep yet?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Just restless, I guess.
text: tired of standing in the doorway, walks right in,
text: much to the chagrin of Veronica.
scene_heading: 120 INT. VERONICA'S APARTMENT ~ NIGHT 120
scene_heading: . _,. VERONICA
dialog: I didn't invite you in.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I thought you might like some company
dialog: for a change. I never see you with
dialog: anybody. Christ, Sheridan, how come
dialog: you're so hard-nosed all the time?
dialog: I mean, now that we're even Steven....
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: We ain't never gonna be even Steven,
dialog: and if I wanted company, I woulda
dialog: got some. I know ten guys I could
dialog: call right now and they'd be up
dialog: here inside a five minutes.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: All right, I won't stay long. I know
dialog: you wanna get back to not worryin!'
dialog: about the con. Can I have a beer?
dialog: I'll pay ya for it.
text: Hooker goes in the icebox and gets two bottles of beer.
text: Veronica plunks herself down on the couch, her arms crossed.
text: She is restless.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 71
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Get me one too, Maybe it'll make me
dialog: tired. If I didn't have to worry
dialog: about Macalinski seein' me, I could
dialog: go out dancin' or somethin’.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You could dance here.
speaker_heading: . VERONICA
dialog: Not likely. You need a partner.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You got one.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Aw, c'mon. I used to teach dancin’.
dialog: I don't dance with just any shlump.
speaker_heading: ; _ HOOKER
dialog: _ (infuriated)
dialog: You think I can't dance? I happen
dialog: to be from Chicago, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: So am I.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: You go to high school at all?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Yeah. Taft.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Taft? I went to Jefferson. Scored
dialog: two touchdowns on ya in '24. Eighty-
dialog: five yard punt return. Sixteen yar
dialog: end run. And I was only a sophomore.
dialog: If I'd ever gotten to be a junior,
dialog: no tellin’ how many I mighta scored.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: That don't mean you can dance.
dialog: Everybody knows a Jaffie couldn't
text: take two steps in a row.
speaker_heading: HOOKER :
dialog: Why would I ask ya to dance if I
dialog: couldn't dance?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: #00406 72
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 2 120
speaker_heading: . VERONICA
dialog: You didn't come over to dance. I
dialog: know what you came up here for.
dialog: None of the eruye at Jefferson could
dialog: do that, either.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Not with a Taft broad, anyhow. You
dialog: were liable to catch somethin’.
dialog: {going over to
dialog: .. ., the record player)
dialog: Sit tight, doll. I'11 show ya who's
dialog: from Chicago.
text: Hooker searches quickly through some records and finds some-
text: thing he likes, Glenn Miller's "In The Mood." He puts it on
text: the turntable and drops the needle. He moves a couple chairs
text: out of the way to make more room as the intro starts.
dialog: Veronica can't believe this. :
speaker_heading: _ROOKER
dialog: All right, Sheridan. Do your worst.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 121
text: The beat comes up and Hooker and Veronica launch into the
dialog: most knock-down, killer-diller lindy jitterbug we have ever
text: seen, featuring all the great "air steps" and acrobatics the
text: early forties could muster. Veronica executes an amazing
text: series of twirls, kicks and jumps that come within inches of
text: taking Hooker's head off. Hooker, on the other hand, is a
text: great power dancer, whipping Veronica around like a top,
text: throwing her over his back, around ‘his shoulders and under
text: his legs. They're both dancing fluidly: but with a certain
text: savagery -- each one trying to outdo the other, each one
text: trying to push the dance into steps that the other can't
text: follow. It's a slam-bang two minutes. The Soul Train All-
dialog: Starts got nothin' on this.
text: The record ends and the dance finishes in a draw. Both Hooker
text: and Veronica maintain their nonchalance, like it was a walk
text: in the park, each trying hard to disguise the fact that they're
text: gasping for breath. Hooker chugs the last of his beer and :
text: picks up his hat.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Hope ya get some sleep.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Yeah, see ya around.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: #00406 73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED i121
text: Hooker walks quietly out the door.
text: Once he's gone, Veronica sags into a chair, completely worn
text: out, but not a little bit exhilerated. She'll get to sleep
dialog: tonight.
dialog: ‘I'm nobody's baby, I wonder why.
dialog: Won't someone hear my plea
dialog: And please take a chance with me
dialog: Because I'm nobody's baby now.'
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: #00406 74
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. LONNEGAN'S HOTEL ROOM - MORNING 122
text: The same room we saw him in at the beginning of the film.
text: The photographs are still on the wall, but there's now a
text: blank space where Kid Twists's picture once hung. One of
text: Lonnegan's aids, Gelleher, is s owing him a flyer adver-
text: tising the Florian (Hooker)-Kelley fight.
speaker_heading: GELLEBER
dialog: Looks like they're gonna use some
dialog: kinda boxing scam, peddling Hooker
dialog: as a fighter. I heard they tied
dialog: into Macalinski last year.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Yeah, Scanlon told me about it.
dialog: Gondorff played him made up like
text: a nigger.
text: Just the thought of what Scanlon told him starts Lonnegan
text: chuckling, Pretty soon he's laughing almost uncontrol ably.
text: Gelleher is a little taken aback. He's never seen Lonnegan
dialog: like this before.
dialog: (barely
dialog: able to
dialog: talk) . \
dialog: “You know what they did to him?
speaker_heading: GELLEHER
dialog: No, what? -
text: Lonnegan is laughing so hard it takes him ten seconds to
text: quiet down enough to tell Gelleher what Gondorff did.
speaker_heading: _ LONNEGAN
dialog: They took off his toupee...
dialog: (breakin
dialog: up again
dialog: -..and ripped it!
speaker_heading: GELLEHER
dialog: _ (amazed)
dialog: And ripped?
text: Lonnegan can only nod. He's convulsed with laughter again.
text: He pounds the desk with sheer glee.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 123
text: Suddenly, Floyd storms into the room, obviously agitated about
text: something. He plunks a copy of the Chicago Tribune down on
dialog: Lonnegan's desk. :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 75
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Doyle, look at this. That bastard
dialog: Chicago DA has indicted us. Can you
dialog: believe them rabbits? For tax eva-
dialog: sion, the bum. That sucker's lookin!
text: for a lead luncheon.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Don't get excited, Floyd. I knew
dialog: about it a week ago, We've beat _
dialog: that rap before, we'll beat it again.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: But don't you see what this does?
dialog: The feds'll be all over us. We
dialog: can't go around killin' Gondorff's
dialog: people with that much heat on. We'll
text: all end up in the chair.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I know all that Floyd. I've been
dialog: thinkin' about it all week.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: So what do we do? Just let 'em go?
dialog: (getting worked
text: up and pointing
dialog: to the flyer)
dialog: ‘That guy called me Mutt.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: No.
dialog: (pause) .
dialog: We get Macalinski to kill ‘em for us.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Yeah, but we're the ones who took it
dialog: in the shorts. What kinda charge
dialog: do we get outa this.
speaker_heading: __, LONNEGAN
dialog: Just the satisfaction of bringing
dialog: off a con that goes Gondorff one
dialog: better than he gave us. As good as
dialog: his game was, it only took our money.
text: So Macalinski pulls the triggers.
text: Dead is dead.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Not to me, it ain't. A guy is
dialog: always deader when I kill: him.
dialog: How do you know Macalinski'll do it? :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: #00406 76
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 123
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Don't worry about Macalinski. I'll
dialog: give him a reason. There's only one
dialog: guy in this world I fear more than
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GELLEHER
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Me.
text: This last remark is lost on Floyd. He's totally absorbed in
text: the flyer on Hooker's fight.
speaker_heading: FLOYD ,
dialog: Christ, Mutt and Jeff. I hate fuckin'
dialog: Mutt and Jeff. If I was in the ring
dialog: with this guy, I'd punch him a new
dialog: ace.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. GOLDING'S GYM - DAY - A MONTAGE SEQUENCE 124
text: detailing Hooker's somewhat reluctant training for the Kelley
text: fight. We see shots of him:
dialog: 1. skipping rope;
text: 2. shadow boxing in front of a mirror;
text: 3. practicing his crossing punches on the ‘punch
dialog: catchers' held by The Big Ohio;
text: 4. working the speed bag. He has a little trouble
text: with this last one, as his timing is not yet sharp.
dialog: All of this training is done under the supervision of The Big
text: Ohio, who seems to be very knowledgeable about fighting.
scene_heading: INT. GOLDING'S GYM - DAY - ON HOOKER 125
text: We come out of the montage with Hooker throwing combinations
text: into the heavy bag. lorff (in black face and the ivory
text: suit) and The Big Ohio are watching him. Hooker is sweating
text: profusely and obviously getting a little tired. The rest of
text: the gym is filled with confidence men, all dressed out as
dialog: fighters and trainers, but at this point, they're just sit-
text: ting around shooting the breeze.
speaker_heading: _ HOOKER
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: How much longer?
speaker_heading: THE BIG OHIO
dialog: (looking at
dialog: his stopwatch)
dialog: Minute and a half.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 77
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED 125
text: That's too long. Hooker drops his arms and stops punching.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF ‘
dialog: C'mon, you'll never get in shape
dialog: that way.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What difference does it make? I'm
dialog: gonna be down anyway.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Yeah, but you gotta make it look good.
dialog: Macalinski’s gonna know somethin's
dialog: wrong if you fast go out there and
dialog: get pulverized.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How good is this guy Kelley?
dialog: _.., GONDORFF
dialog: (mimicking
dialog: Hooker ) .
dialog: What difference does it make? You're
dialog: gonna lie down anyway.
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: Yeah, but I wanta lie down with my
text: head on.
dialog: _.,, GONDORFF
dialog: Then keep hittin' the bag.
text: Suddenly Eirie comes rushing into the gym.
text: . .. EIRIE .
text: Macalinski just drove up outside.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: Okay, everybody, let's get movin’!
text: Immediately all the previously inert confidence men spring to
text: their feet and begin the various rigors of training. Some
text: work the speed bags and heavy bags, some get rubdowns, others
text: shadowbox. The Tuxedo Kid takes up a position next to
text: Gondorff, dressed in a gaudy, checkered sport coat. We
dialog: know this disguise is causing him great pain.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
text: Ohio, get in the ring and spar a few
dialog: rounds with Hooker. And Ohio....
speaker_heading: h THE BIG OHIO
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Get hit a lot.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: #00406 78
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 125
text: Hooker and The Big Ohio quickly put on their protective head-
text: lear and jump into the ring. Macalinski enters the gym with
text: ee of the bodyguards, He surveys the scene a second and
text: then spots Hooker sparring in the ring. He comes over to
text: watch, standing a couple feet behind Gondorff and the Tuxedo
text: Kid, who pretend not to know he's there.
text: Up in the ring, Hooker is punching The Big Ohio all over the
dialog: lot, The Big Ohio, of course, exaggerating the impact of
text: every blow. Finally Hooker delivers a left hook, and The
text: Big Ohio, in a tour de force of acrobatics, flips over the
text: ropes and clean out of the ring. Gondorff calls Hooker and
text: pretends to be furious with hin.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: What the hell do ya think you're
dialog: doin'? I told you not to show that
dialog: left hook. What if some sports-
dialog: writer had seen that? You think
dialog: they'd ever believe you could lose
text: to Dann Kelley on the square with
dialog: a left hook like that?
speaker_heading: , _ HOOKER
dialog: I'm sorry. I just forget my self.
text: None of this has been lost on Macalinski's ears. The Big Ohio
text: meanwhile, is staggering to his feet.
speaker_heading: THE BIG OHIO
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: Sorry Berrigan, I've had enough.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Yeah, all right.
dialog: (shouting up
dialog: to Hooker) .
dialog: Bobby, that's enough for a while.
text: Hooker climbs out of the ring and winks as he walks past
text: Macalinski. Gondorff turns around and for the first time
text: is face to face with Macalinski.
scene_heading: 4 _ GONDORFF .
dialog: Well, if it ain't Macalinski. You
dialog: ever find that Queen?
scene_heading: . __ MACALINSKI
dialog: Yeah, it was in my sleeve.
dialog: (indicating
dialog: Gondorff's
dialog: suit)
dialog: I found it ‘cause I change my
dialog: clothes now and then.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 79
scene_heading: o~ 125 CONTINUED - 3 125
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: Oh, this isn't the same suit you
dialog: saw me in. I got seven or eight
dialog: of these.
dialog: Macalinski didn't resally come to talk fashion.
scene_heading: MACALINSKI .
dialog: Your boy looks pretty good, Berrigan.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: Yeah, doesn't he though. Let me give
dialog: you a tip Macalinski. Don't tell .
dialog: anybody ‘cause I wanna keep the odds
dialog: down, but this kid is gonna murder
dialog: Kelley. You'd be smart to get some
text: money down on him.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: I wouldn'ta thought you'd be so
dialog: interested in puttin’ me onto a good
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: I believe in lettin’ bygones by bygones,
dialog: a know what I mean? I don't mind
dialog: oo loin’ guys like you a favor. 1 figure
dialog: you can use a break now and then. I
dialog: wouldn't steer you wrong, Macalinski.
dialog: you can't lost with a bundle on this
dialog: id.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Is that right? Thanks, Berrigan. I
dialog: appreciate it.
dialog: {with sarcasm,
dialog: sweeping his
dialog: hand around
dialog: the gym) -
dialog: Well, I'll leave ya to tend to all
dialog: your various business interests.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Yeah, by the way, Lola sends her love.
text: Macalinski suppresses the urge to strangle Gondorff, and
text: leaves the gym with his guard dogs. On the way out, he
text: passes Hooker toweling off.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (out of
dialog: the side
dialog: o of his mouth)
dialog: Meet me at the Bluebird tonight at
text: nine o'clock.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: #00406 80
scene_heading: CONTINUED - 4 - 125
text: Hooker nods, and Macalinski disappears down the stairs.
text: Gondorff looks over to Hooker for some sign. Hooker gives
text: him both thumbs up.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. THE BLUEBIRD CLUB - NIGHT 126
text: We pick up Hooker walking through the club and back to.
text: Macalinski's office. He knocks on the door.
scene_heading: INT. MACALINSKI'S OFFICE 127
text: One of Macalinski's goons opens it and immediately yanks
text: Hooker inside and throws him up against a wall.
scene_heading: . . HOOKER
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI |
dialog: We called the Jersey Boxing Commission,
dialog: they never heard of Bobby Florian.
text: HOOKER . .
dialog: That's ‘cause I done all my fightin’
dialog: in California. .
dialog: (pulling a piece
dialog: of paper out of
dialog: his wallet
dialog: Here, here's my license.
text: Macalinski looks it over carefully, and then puts it in his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: _ (to his goon)
dialog: All right, let him go.
text: Hooker sinks into a chair opposite Macalinski's desk, still a
text: little shaken.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: Your owner is even lower than I
dialog: thought he was. He tried to get
dialog: me to put money on you, even though
dialog: he's told ya to take a dive.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: That's 'cause he wants ya to lose
dialog: your shirt.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 81
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: How much is he puttin' on Kelley?
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: Two hundred grand maybe. That ain't
dialog: the only way he wins though. Remember
text: the guy in the checked coat that was
dialog: with ‘im in the ? That's Harry
text: Chandler, his bookie friend. The
dialog: odds on the fight are dead even all
dialog: over town, except Harry's givin' two-
dialog: to-one on Kelley to get people to bet
dialog: on me at his book.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Does he know you're supposed to dump
dialog: the fight?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Hell, yes. He builds up a big bunch
dialog: a bets on me and he and Berrigan split
dialog: the take. Berrigan gets it comin' and
dialog: goin' and I don't get nothing but a_
dialog: one line story that says Bobby Florian
dialog: went on his butt when Danny Kelley
text: breathed on him too hard. Berrigan
dialog: takes it on the lam to the Bahamas and
dialog: I wind up sellin' pencils. I tell ya,
dialog: if I don't throw s fight, it's
dialog: gonna cost Chandler and Berrigan plenty.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: And whoever bets on you at Chandler's
dialog: odds is gonna win plenty.
text: . HOOKER .
dialog: That's right. That's what I'm doin'
dialog: with my dough. i'm havin' a friend
dialog: bet it, of course.
speaker_heading: ; _MACALINSKI
dialog: All right, Florian, I wanta see ya
dialog: fight.
speaker_heading: _ _ HOOKER
dialog: You saw me fight today.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: I mean against somebody good.
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: Why? All I'm askin' for is protection.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: You ain't gonna get any unless I see
dialog: you fight.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
speaker_heading: #00406 . 82
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 127
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: But that's impossible. Berrigan'll
dialog: never let me fight before the Kelley
dialog: match.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: He won't know about it. We'll do it
dialog: at another gym. :
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What if I get cut or somethin'?
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: You won't if you're any good, and if
dialog: you ain't, you might as well take that
dialog: dive anyway. I'l] pick you up to-
text: morrow morning at ten. The bus station.
text: Hooker wants to protest some more, but he's hustled out of
text: the room before he gets a chance.
scene_heading: INT. BLUEBIRD CLUB - NIGHT 128
text: He walks through the club, wondering what the hell to do now.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE BLUEBIRD CLUB - NIGHT 129
text: Hooker comes out of the club and starts walking up the street
text: when he catches sight of someone getting out of a car up ahead.
text: It's Snyder. Hooker turns and takes off down the pier. Snyder
text: immediately gives chase.
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - DAY 130
text: Hooker heads for the "Cyclone Racer", the giant roller coaster.
text: He hops in the first car, which is empty, and shouts to the
text: operator, whom he knows well.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Get this baby goin', Georgie. And
dialog: do me a favor. Give me a slow-down
text: on the seventh turn.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: You got it, Hooker.
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
speaker_heading: #00406 83
scene_heading: EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - AT THE ROLLER COASTER 131
text: Georgie activates the tow mechanism and the car starts its
text: slow ascent of the first hill as Snyder arrives. He con-
text: siders getting in a car and going after Hooker, but then
dialog: thinks better of it. He's no fool, that Snyder.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Oh no ya don't, Hooker. You're not
dialog: suckerin' me into this one.
dialog: (to Georgie)
dialog: Hey buddy, these cars have gotta come
dialog: right back to here, don't they? There's
dialog: no other place then can go, right?
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: That's right, Jack.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: (breaking
dialog: into a smile)
dialog: You hung yourself this time, Hooker.
text: He leans back against the railing, in delicious anticipation
dialog: of Hooker's return. We:
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: HOOKER 132
text: barrelling down the chutes and whipping through the curves of
dialog: the Cyclone Racer. It's a helluva ride and the camera should
text: take it for a while. Suddenly, as the car is reaching the top
dialog: of another hill, we:
speaker_heading: cur TO
speaker_heading: HOOKER'S CAR 133
text: which slow appreciably as it goes into the turn. Hooker jumps
text: out and grabs onto the wooden scaffolding as the car barely
text: makes it around the corner and starts down the hill.
speaker_heading: cuT To
speaker_heading: GEORGIE AGAIN 134
text: He release the lever, and we see a hint of a smile on his
dialog: face, which is a first for Georgie. We:
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: HOOKER 135
text: climbing down the outside of the scaffolding. None of this
text: is visible to Snyder through the maze of track and wood that
text: makes up the rollers coaster. Finally we:
speaker_heading: Cut TO
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
speaker_heading: #00406 84
scene_heading: EXT. ROLLER COASTER LANDING AREA - NIGHT - POINT OF VIEW OF 136
speaker_heading: THE CAR
text: as it comes around the last turn and slows into the loading
text: area. Snyder watches it all the way in. We see his face
text: turn to putty. He can't believe the car is empty Once
text: it's stopped, he frantically searches under and ind every
text: seat for some sign of Hooker. Finally he turns to Georgie.
speaker_heading: . SNYDER
dialog: What happened to the guy that was
dialog: in here?
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: (completely
dialog: deadpan)
text: Probably fell off and killed himself.
dialog: Snyder knows Georgie's screwed him some way, but he doesn't
text: know - He turns to go look for Hooker and finds himself
text: face to face with Floyd.
dialog: Eveni ynde: Doyle L ‘d
dialog: ening, S' re @ Lonnegan
dialog: like a few words with ya.
text: snyder manages a weak nod.
scene_heading: INT. LONNEGAN'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 137
text: Snyder is ushered in by Floyd and Gelleher. He's a little
text: unsettled by the pictures on the wall.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Hello, Snyder. What are you doin’
dialog: in Atlantic City?
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: I'm on vacation. Got a couple
dialog: weeks, thought I'd....
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: {cutting him off)
dialog: You shouldn't tell me lies like that,
dialog: Snyder, when things between us are
dialog: 80 sore. Floyd saw you chasin'
dialog: Johnny Hooker.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Okay, I was.chasin' him. I came
dialog: down here to take him back to
dialog: Chicago. To face trial for connin'
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 85
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED 137
speaker_heading: SNYDER (Cont'd)
dialog: you. I should think that would make
dialog: you happy.
dialog: Fat chance.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I want you to lay off Hooker. He's
dialog: workin’ a con here that's gonna make
dialog: me back all the money he ever took
dialog: from me. I don't want anything to
dialog: discourage him.
speaker_heading: SNYDER :
dialog: Hey look, I'm a fed now, I can't
dialog: just turn my back on this stuff.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: All right, then we'll make you a
dialog: deal. You leave Hooker alone and
dialog: I'll tell you where they're going
dialog: to split up the score. That way you
dialog: can come in and pinch all of 'em --
dialog: the biggest confidence bust in
dialog: New Jersey history.
text: Snyder tries to play the brinksman.
speaker_heading: . SNYDER
dialog: I don't know. I'11 think about it.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (in no mood
dialog: for further
dialog: negotiation)
dialog: There's nothin' to think about. You
dialog: either take the deal, or go after
dialog: Hooker and hope you get him before
dialog: one of my guys gets you.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: You can't muscle me. I got the
dialog: U.S. Government behind me.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I don't care if you got the U.s.
dialog: Marines behind you. You screw up
dialog: this con and all your government
dialog: service'll get you is a nice funeral.
text: Snyder decides maybe he'll soften his line a little.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
speaker_heading: #00406 86
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 137
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: How do you know when they're gonna
dialog: make the split?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I got my sources.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: All right. 1'11 play ball.
dialog: (with false
dialog: bravado)
dialog: But you better come up with that
dialog: info.
text: Snyder turns and walks out the door. Lonnegan lets him go.
text: He's not expecting anymore trouble.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. GOLDINGS GYM - NIGHT 138
text: The lights in the gyn are off as Hooker and Eirie walk through
text: to the lighted office section. .
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S OFFICE - NIGHT 139
text: Gondorff lies stretched out on a couch -- his hat on his face.
text: He stirs and sits up as Hooker and Eirie enter.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: What happened tonight?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I had to lam it from Snyder again.
dialog: He's got that pier staked out on me.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: All right, then, stay off of it from
dialog: now on. What about Macalinski?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: He threw us a curve. He wants to see ~
dialog: me fight somebody other than the
dialog: Ohio. I don't know who it is, but
dialog: he's takin' me to another gym to-
dialog: morrow.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Christ, after we go to all the
dialog: trouble to build one of our own.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: What are we gonna do?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 87
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 139
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Well, I wouldn't worry too much
dialog: about it. We oughta be able to
dialog: come up with something.
text: We can tell by Gondorff's look that, at this point, he has
text: no idea what that might be. We hold a beat, and:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: #00406 88
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 140 INT. MACALINSKI'S OFFICE - MORNING 140
text: We see Macalinski looking over the boxing license he took
dialog: from Hooker the night before. Under the name California
text: Boxing Commission, he sees a phone number. He picks up the
text: phone and dials it.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: 141 INT. GONDORFF'S OFFICE - DAY - BILLIE 141
text: answering a phone. Intercut with Macalinski as necessary.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Hello, California Boxing Commission.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKi
dialog: Yeah, I'd like some information on a
dialog: guy named Bobby Florian.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Hold on one moment, please. 1'1)
dialog: transfer you to the Records
dialog: Department. -
text: Billie pushes the button down a couple times to indicate
text: she's transferring the call, and then comes on the line
text: again with a different voice.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: (most
dialog: officiously)
dialog: Miss Deering, Records Department.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: I'd like to know what you got on a
text: Bobby Florian. He's a middleweight.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Just a minute, please.
text: Billie holds a few beats and then pretends to be reading
dialog: from a file. .
speaker_heading: . - BILLIE
text: Florian, Bobby. Age twenty-seven.
dialog: Height six feet. Weight....
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Skip all that. What's his record?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: om «(1421
dialog: y
dialog: }
dialog: .
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: 142,
dialog: o~
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: on
speaker_heading: #00406 89
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 141
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: His record? Let me look down here.
dialog: Twelve wins, eight by knockout as
dialog: an amateur. No losses. As a profes-
dialog: sional, seven wins all by knockout,
dialog: and one defeat. That was to Benny
dialog: Alvarado at the Olympic Auditorium
dialog: on the 16th of July last year.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Thanks lady, that'll do it.
text: Macalinski hangs up and turns to the bodyguard who slammed
text: Hooker up against the wall.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
text: He's on the level.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
speaker_heading: BILLIE 142
text: She hangs up the phone and gives the okay sign to Gondorff
text: who's been in the room with her the whole time.
dialog: curt To
scene_heading: EXT. THE ATLANTIC CITY BUS STATION ~ DAY 143
text: Hooker is standing on the corner as Macalinski's limousine
text: pulls up. The door is opened and Hooker gets in. He's
text: carrying a gym bag with all his boxing gear in it.
scene_heading: INT. MACALINSKI'S CAR 144
text: The car pulls away as Hooker settles in beside Macalinski.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: How do you feel today, kid?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Good.
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: a bruiser
dialog: on the other
dialog: side of him)
dialog: I'm puttin' ya in with Tony here.
text: Tony Savitt, meet Bobby Florian.
dialog: Tony used to be the number one
dialog: middleweight contender. He'll give
dialog: ya a tussle.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
speaker_heading: #00406 90
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 144
text: Tony flashes Hooker a wide smile. We can tell he's ready
text: to give Hooker more than a tussle. Hooker tries to smile
text: back, but his mouth is a little dry and it's hard to stretch
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Where we gonna fight?
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: The Eighth Street Gym. It's outta
dialog: the way. Hardly anybody goes there.
text: Hooker nods and casually puts his arm out of the window like
text: he's going to rest his hand on the roof. Instead we see him
text: hold up two fingers.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: INT. EIRIE'S CAR 145
text: following behind Macalinski. Eirie is driving. Gordorff is
text: also in front, The Big Ohio in the back.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (eyes glued
dialog: to Hooker's
dialog: . hand)
dialog: Two fingers. That's the Eighth
dialog: Street Gym. Step on it, Eirie.
text: Gondorff then puts his arm out the window, turns to the rear
text: and waves two fingers at the cars following him. We see
text: that at least eight of them are filled with confidence skills,
text: dressed out, as usual, as boxers and trainers.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: INT. MACALINSKI'S CAR 146
text: Hooker is going through his gym bag, making sure he's got
text: everything. He pulls out a boxing shoe. The laces are
text: completely frazzled.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: Stop at this five and dime up here,
dialog: will ya. I gotta get some new laces
dialog: for these things.
text: The driver looks to Macalinski to see if it's okay.
text: Macalinski shrugs and nods his head. As the car pulls over,
text: Gondorff's car goes speeding by. :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
speaker_heading: #00406 91
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 146
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: What's Hooker doin'?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Giving us a little more time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE EIGHTH STREET GYM - DAY 147
text: A car pulls up in front of the gym. Billie and Singleton
text: get out carrying a large portrait camera. Gondorff's car
text: leads the rest of his armada around to the rear of the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. THE EIGHTH STREET GYM - DAY 148
text: Billie goes inside while Singleton sets up his camera out
text: front. She asks for the owner of the place and is shown into
text: the office of a paunchy old hacker named Pyle. Pyle has the
dialog: Customary pretention of one who has nothing to be pretentious
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Hello, I'm from Life Magazine. I
dialog: called you earlier?
speaker_heading: PYLE
dialog: I don't remember no call.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: But you must. We're doing an eight-
dialog: page spread on the great boxing
dialog: gymnasiums in the country. I thought
dialog: sure it was this one...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Maybe it's that one across town.
dialog: Turner's Gym.
text: Pyle is not about to let this opportunity get away. The
dialog: Eighth Street Gym is not exactly world famous. It's not
dialog: even city famous.
speaker_heading: PYLE
dialog: Naw, this is the right one, lady.
dialog: Turner's is a dump. I remember you
dialog: now. We've had more champions outta
dialog: here than you can shake a stick at.
dialog: Ain't that right, Egan?
text: Egan is Pyle's mousy little assistant.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: (trying to
dialog: remember one)
dialog: Oh yeah, lots of ‘em.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 92
speaker_heading: 148 CONTINUED 148
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Good. I'd like to get started right
dialog: away. If you could get everybody out
dialog: in front of the gym, I'd appreciate
dialog: it. Sort of using the gym as a back-
dialog: drop. .
speaker_heading: PYLE
dialog: Why do we need everybody?
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: That's the way we did it for the
dialog: Main Street Gym in Los Angeles and
dialog: Paterson's in Philadelphia.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: (impressed
dialog: as 11)
dialog: Jees, we're gonna be in there with
dialog: the Main Street and Paterson's?
speaker_heading: PYLE
dialog: Well, I guess if they can do it, we
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Don't worry, Mr. Pyle, you'll be
text: right out in front.
speaker_heading: PYLE
dialog: Okay, Egan, get everybody out.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: We'll also need some jump ropes.
scene_heading: 149 INT. THE WORKOUT AREA - 149
text: Egan rushes into the gym.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: Okay, everybody, drop what you're
dialog: doin' and come on out front. We're
dialog: gonna have our pictures in Life
dialog: Magazine. And bring your’ ropes.
scene_heading: 150 EXT. EIGHTH STREET GYM 150
text: There's some grumbling and complaining, but everyone files
text: out. Once the gym is cleared, Gondorff and his men pour in
text: through the rear door and immediately fill the place with
dialog: activity. .
dialog: cut To
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
speaker_heading: #00406 93
scene_heading: INT. MACALINSKI'S CAR - DAY 151
text: They're getting near the gym.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Hold it.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: What for?
text: The car comes to a jolting stop.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I know the door guard out front.
dialog: We don't want him blabbin' to
dialog: Berrigan. Use the alley.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (to his
dialog: driver)
dialog: Do what he says.
scene_heading: EXT. EIGHTH STREET GYM - ALLEY ~ DAY 152
text: The driver pulls down the alley and into the back of the gym,
text: thus prohibiting them from seeing what's going on out front.
scene_heading: INT, EIGHTH STREET GYM - DAY 153
text: Hooker, Macalinski, Savitt and the bodyguards enter through
text: the rear door. They are, of course, met with the sight of
text: fighters training everywhere. Gondorff comes over to greet
dialog: them: Because Macalinski has never seen him without black
text: face, he wouldn't recognize him. Gondorff also alters his
text: voice slightly.
speaker_heading: GONDORF
dialog: Can I help you? I'm the- manager
dialog: here, Lonny Pyle.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: We'd like to use your ring for a bit.
dialog: (pointing ~
dialog: to Hooker)
dialog: I wanna test this boy here a little.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Well, we got the number three middle-
dialog: weight contender in here. He's
dialog: lookin' for some work. Why don't
dialog: you throw your boy in with him?
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (indicating Savitt)
dialog: No, I brought my own guy.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
speaker_heading: #00406 94
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 153
text: Gondorff had not expected this. Both he and Hooker are
text: looking a little pale right now.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Yeah.
text: He shouts over to The Big Ohio, who's disguised in a hair-
text: piece and moustache.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Hey, Joey...
dialog: (indicating
dialog: Savitt)
dialog: ++.tape this guy up, will ya.
dialog: (indicating
dialog: Hooker)
dialog: I'll tape the other guy.
text: The Big Ohio walks off to one dressing room with Savitt.
text: Gondorff and Hooker go off to the other one, followed by
dialog: Eirie.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What the hell we gonna do now?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: _ Just leave it to me. Okay, Eirie,
dialog: get that other guy's mouthpiece out
dialog: of his bag and bring it to me.
text: Eirie leaves to carry out his assignment as Gondorff snaps up
dialog: a role of tape. We:
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: EXT. EIGHTH STREET GYM - DAY 154
text: Singleton has got his first shot posed. The fighters are all
text: lined up in a row, with their dukes up and menacing sneers on
text: their faces. Behind them stand the trainers, each with a
text: towel over his arm and one hand on his fighter's shoulder.
text: Out in front of all this stands Pyle, his arms dramatically
text: crossed, the moulder of men. Next to him is Egan, sporting
dialog: the most shit-eating grin we've ever seen.
text: Singleton ducks under the black cloth, tells everybody to hold
text: still and snaps his picture. Some of the fighters turn to go
text: back into the gym, but Billie stops them.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Okay, now we'll do an action one.
text: The fighters shake their heads, but they cooperate.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
speaker_heading: #00406 95
scene_heading: INT. EIGHTH STREET GYM - DAY 155
text: Gondorff is busily taping Hooker's hands. Much to Hooker's
text: amazenent, he pulls out a roll of nickels and tapes that into
text: looker's fist.
dialog: You can't do this for a real fight.
dialog: They always check the tape. Believe
dialog: me, if he runs into that hand, he'll
dialog: stay down.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeah, but what am I supposed to do
dialog: with everything he's owin' while
dialog: I'm waitin' for him to run into it?
text: Eirie bursts into the room with Savitt's mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: GONDOREF .
dialog: There's a bottle of methyl chloride
dialog: over there. Let the mouthpiece
dialog: soak in it a while, Once Savitt
dialog: gets some of that in him, he won't
dialog: e able to walk let alone fight.
dialog: We go to Hooker. He has his doubts.
dialog: a . cut TO
scene_heading: EXT. EIGHTH STREET GYM - DAY - FRONT OF THE BUILDING 156
text: Billie is rehearsing her action shot. It calls for all of the
text: fighters to skip rope in unison, under the watchful eye of |
text: their trainers while Pyle and Egan, of course, maintain their
text: standard poses out front. None of this is visible from
text: inside, because, like all gymnasiums, the windows are frosted.
text: Billie gives the signal to begin and all the fighters start
text: skipping, but several are out of sync. Billie stops them.
speaker_heading: BILLIE | . '
dialog: No, no, no. Let's try it again.
dialog: And remember, it's gotta be together.
dialog: On the beat now. Ready. One, two,
dialog: three....
text: They all begin skipping again. This time only one guy is
dialog: out of step. The bther fighters give hin holy hell. “They're
dialog: tired and y wanna get s thing right, dammit.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: INT. EIGHTH STREET GYM 157
text: Hooker and Savitt, their gloves and protective headgear on,
text: are entering the ring. Macalinski settles back to watch.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 157
speaker_heading: #00406 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 157
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (to Savitt)
dialog: You got a mouthpiece?
speaker_heading: SAVITT
dialog: Couldn't find it. Don't make no
dialog: difference, I won't need it.
dialog: Sorry pal, nobody fights in this
text: gym without a mouthpiece. Eirie
dialog: get this boy a gourbp ioe. ‘
text: Eirie, of course, produces the one that's been soaking in
text: methyi chloride. Gondorff jams it into Savitt's mouth, who
text: winces at the taste.
text: . . _SAVITT .
dialog: Christ, this thing tastes terrible.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: That's just the antiseptic we use.
dialog: What would you rather have, tuber-
dialog: culosis?
text: Savitt is pretty sure he'd rather not have tuberculosis. He
text: begins to do a little shadowboxing as does Hooker on the
text: other side. Even as he dances, Savitt begins to shake his
text: head a little, as if to clear it. Gondorff decides it's time
text: start. He claps his hands and the two fighters come out.
text: Hooker immediately begins dancing away from Savitt, realizing
text: that Savitt is getting groggy. Savitt stalks him and whips
text: out a few combinations, but Hooker is staying so far away
dialog: that they do no damage.
speaker_heading: SAVITT
dialog: What's the matter, you scare of me,
dialog: Florian?
speaker_heading: _ HOOKER
dialog: Just wanna give my legs some work
dialog: before I put you away.
text: Hooker continues to back away as Savitt stalks him all over
text: the ring. Macalinski doesn't like what he's seeing.
text: . MACALINSKI .
dialog: c'mon, Florian, fight, for chrissake.
text: Savitt decides he's had enough of this, too. He backs Hooker
text: into a corner and comes in to finish him off. Unfortunately
text: the methyl chloride is really getting to him now. He: throws
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
speaker_heading: i5B-A
speaker_heading: #00406 97
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 157
text: two wild haymakers which miss Hooker by a foot. Savitt is
text: shaking his head and blinking his eyes now. He looks ready
text: to fall asleep. Realizing his opportunity, Hooker steps
text: inside and smashes the right to Savitt's stomach. Savitt
text: doubles up, although he was probably getting ready to fall
text: down anyway. Then Hooker cranks up and unleashes his hardest
text: right to Savitt's chin. Savitt goes down and out like a light.
text: Macalinski is amazed. He comes up to Hooker as he starts to
text: untie his gloves.
scene_heading: _. MACALINSKI .
dialog: Nice work, kid. I didn't know you
dialog: had that kinda power. Get your-
dialog: self a shower and we'll go.
speaker_heading: HOOKER _
dialog: Don't need a shower. Didn't even
dialog: work up a sweat. I'll just get the
dialog: gloves off and be right out.
text: As Hooker goes off to the dressing room, Gondorff comes over
dialog: to Macalinski.
speaker_heading: . _ GONDORFF
dialog: I been in this business thirty years
dialog: and I ain't never seen a guy with a
dialog: punch like that. Where'd you find
dialog: that kid?
text: Macalinski isn't talking. He just smiles and walks away.
text: Meanwhile the bodyguards are dragging Savitt out to the car.
text: Once they're all outside, Gondorff turns to all the gang with
text: a more than satisfied smile.
scene_heading: EXT. EIGHTH STREET GYM - ALLEY - DAY - HOOKER 158
text: emerging from the back door and getting into the limousine.
scene_heading: INT. MACALINSKI'S CAR 158-A
text: Savitt is propped up in the back seat.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How's Savitt?
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
text: He's awake, but he still don't know
text: where he is.
text: The limousine pulls out and we:
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
speaker_heading: #00406 98
scene_heading: THE FRONT OF THE GYM AGAIN 159
text: Billie is ready for yet another run-through. We can tell the
text: troops are restless.
speaker_heading: BILLIE .
dialog: All right, everybody. We'll try it
dialog: just once more. This is the time
dialog: we get it right, okay? One, two,
dialog: three....
text: The fighters once again begin skipping madly. This time,
text: however, it's perfect. Fifteen grown men s: pping their asses
text: off in perfect time, each rope coming around at the same time,
text: each man jumping up and down in the same rhythm. It's a to-
dialog: tally ridiculous sight.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SINGLETON AND BILLIE 160
text: Singleton snaps the pictures as Billie notices Gondorff and
text: the others driving away.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Okay, guys, that's a keeper. Thanks
dialog: for your cooperation.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 161
text: The fighters and trainers drag back into the gym. Singleton
text: folds up his camera and he and Billie start for their car.
text: Pyle, however, buttonholes them.
speaker_heading: PYLE
dialog: When's this spread gonne hit the
dialog: stands?
speaker_heading: BILLIE .
dialog: In a couple weeks. You be watchin’
dialog: for it
speaker_heading: PYLE
dialog: Be sure you spell my name right.
scene_heading: It's Pyle. P+Y-L-E.
text: Billie nods. She'll be sure and get that right.
scene_heading: INT. MACALINSKI'S CAR 162
text: as it moves through the city.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
speaker_heading: #00406 99
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 162
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI |
dialog: You got your protection Florian.
dialog: Do what you want to Kelley.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Kelley'll be ever easier than Savitt
dialog: here.
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC CITY BUS STATION - DAY ~ 163
text: The limousine pulls up in front of the bus terminal and Hooker
text: gets out.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: One more thing. Where do I find-
dialog: this guy Chandler?
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: One eighteen North Cumberland. Ask
text: to see some Webster jade.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: See ya at the fights.
text: The limousine pulls away from the curb. Savitt is coming out
dialog: of it somewhat now.
speaker_heading: _SAVITT
dialog: Seemed to me like I was goin' down
dialog: before he even hit me.
speaker_heading: ___MACALINSKI
dialog: (humoring him)
dialog: Sure, Tony, sure.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. VERONICA'S APARTMENT = NIGHT 164
text: Vernoica is sitting quietly on the couch, sipping some tea and
dialog: listening to Mary Lou Williams' version of "He's Funny That
dialog: Way. .
dialog: 'I never had nothin!
dialog: No one to care
dialog: That's why I seem
dialog: To have more than my share.
dialog: I got a man :
dialog: Who's crazy for me
dialog: He's Funny That Way.'
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE : 165
text: There's a knock at the door. Veronica goes to answer it. She
text: seems almost excited about who might be there. She opens the
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
speaker_heading: #00406 100
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 165
text: door to find Macalinski and two of his goons standing in it.
text: Obviously, this wasn't who she was hoping for.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Just wanted to give you my personal
dialog: regards, Lola. I woulda done it
dialog: sooner, but it took a while to find
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ANGLE , 166
text: With that, he drives a vicious punch into Veronica's stomach.
text: As she stumbles forward, he rears back and blasts her in the
text: face, knocking her all the way across the room and over a
text: table. She lies unconscious on the floor. We hold on her
text: as the lights go out, the door closes and we hear footsteps
text: disappear down the stairs. We're left with the plaintive
text: notes of Mary Lou Williams' piano.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. HOOKER'S ROOM - NIGHT 167
dialog: Hooker's doing much the same thing Veronica has been doing,
text: only in accordance with his tastes, he's drinking beer and
text: listening to something a little more upbeat. Something like
text: Liltin' Martha Tilton's "The Lady is a Tramp." Suddenly,
text: Hooker gets a knock on his door. Unlike Vernoica, he immedi-
text: ately expects the worst. Unlike Veronica, he doesn't get it.
text: He opens the door and she staggers in, her nose swollen on
text: one side and a huge shiner on her right eye.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Jesus, what happened to you?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: the couch) .
dialog: I forgot to put on my makeup. This
dialog: is the way I really look.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: (in no mood
dialog: for flippancy)
dialog: Who was it, Veronica?
speaker_heading: oo, VERONICA
dialog: Macalinski. He thinks I oughta be
dialog: payin' more attention to him. You
dialog: think I could have a beer? You
dialog: owe me one.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (offering his)
dialog: Here, finish this one.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 167
speaker_heading: #00406 101
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 167
text: Veronica takes a long, slow drink. Hooker just gazes at her
text: a minute. She becomes aware of it.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: What are you lookin' at?
speaker_heading: HOOKER ;
dialog: I don't know. I'm just surprised
dialog: you came over here, that's all. I
dialog: mean, you coulda called one of your
dialog: ten guys.
speaker_heading: VERONICA .
dialog: I would of, but I don't really like
dialog: any of 'em and you were closer. Some-
dialog: times on a night like this, you wonder
dialog: if everybody else doesn't like you as
dialog: much as you don't like them.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How about it, Hooker? How much don't
dialog: you like me?
text: Veronica asks this question with real concern. She's not
text: being coy. Hooker leans forward and kisses her tenderly on
text: all the bruised areas of her face. He doesn't like her just
text: fine. Veronica is not at all upset by this response.
speaker_heading: : VERONICA
dialog: You think I could stick around here
dialog: a while?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: . VERONICA
dialog: Just until I get proper medical
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What if I said no?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: (lying)
dialog: I'd find somebody else.
text: She reaches up for his head and brings it down to her. They
text: kiss with all the longing of strangers and the intimacy of
text: lovers, for what will obviously not be the last time tonight.
dialog: 'I_get too hungry for dinner at eight
dialog: I like the theatre but never come late.
dialog: I never bother with people I hate.
dialog: That's why the Lady is a Tramp.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406
dialog: 102
scene_heading: 167 CONTINUED - 2 167
dialog: I don't like crap games with barons
dialog: and earls . .
dialog: Won't 99 to Harlem in ermine and pearls.
dialog: Won't dish the dirt with the rest of
dialog: the girls. .
dialog: That's why the Lady is a Tramp.'
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
speaker_heading: #00406 103
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. AN ATLANTIC CITY STREET ~ CHANDLER IMPORT CO. - DAY 168
text: Macalinski's limousine pulls up outside a one-story building
text: that has Chandler Import Co. written on its front window.
text: Macalinski, carrying a large leather bag, goes inside with
text: his usual compliment of bodyguards, and is greeted by a
text: receptionist. It's Billie.
scene_heading: INT. CHANDLER IMPORT CO. ~ RECEPTION ROOM - DAY 169
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: Yeah, I'd like some Webster jade.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: You'll have to see Mr. Chandler’
dialog: about that. Second door on your ,
dialog: right.
scene_heading: INT. CHANDLER'S OFFICE - DAY 170
text: Macalinski and his boys go through a door with Chandler's
text: name on it. The Tuxedo Kid is inside, once again decked out
text: in that checked sport coat. His office however is well
text: ordered and rather fancy, as befits his status as an
dialog: "importer."
speaker_heading: , MACALINSKI
dialog: (offerin
dialog: s hand
dialog: Chandler. My name's Macalinski.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
dialog: Oh yeah, didn't I see you in Goldings’
dialog: Gym once?
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Yeah, I was down there to have a look
dialog: at Bobby Florian. I'd like to put a
dialog: little money on him. They tell me
dialog: you're in a betting mood.
scene_heading: . TUXEDO KID .
dialog: ‘I'm giving two to one against him. I
dialog: don't think the kid's got a chance.
dialog: How wrong do you think I am?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
speaker_heading: #00406 104
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 170
text: Macalinski opens his leather bag. It's bursting with money.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
text: About four hundred grand worth.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
dialog: That's a lotta potatoes, Macalinski.
dialog: Most books wouldn't take that bet,
dialog: but then most books aren't sporting
dialog: men either. Me, I like to live -
dialog: dangerous. I take risks the others
dialog: won't take, ‘cause that's what life
dialog: is all about, ain't it, Macalinski?
text: Macalinski is disgusted by this false declaration of courage,
dialog: 2
text: but he grits his teeth and says:
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: Yeah, that's what it's all about
dialog: all right. :
text: The Tuxedo Kid leans forward and speaks into an intercom on
dialog: his desk.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID .,
dialog: Jerry, I'm sending in a Mr. Macalinski
dialog: with a big bet on Florian. Take his
dialog: money and give him a-free drink.
dialog: He's a real sportsman.
text: The Tuxedo Kid shows Macalinski to a door in the back of his
text: office. The two shake hands.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID.
dialog: Nice to meet ya, Mr. Macalinski.
dialog: Come back and see us again.
text: Macalinksi and his boys go through the door.
scene_heading: INT. BETTING PARLOR 171
text: They find themselves in a plush betting parlor, complete with
text: odds board, telephone operators, cashier's window and bar.
text: It's similar to the one Gondorff set up in "The Sting" only
text: on a smaller scale, and instead of pictures of horses it
text: features pictures of fighters. Macalinski's boys are im-
dialog: pressed.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: Gee, this guy's pretty well set up.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
speaker_heading: #00406 105
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 171
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: He won't be after tonight.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. LONNEGAN'S HOTEL SUITE - DAY 172
text: The suitcases are snapped open. Each one is filled to the
text: brim with hundred dollar bills. Camera back to reveal
dialog: Lonnegan and Floyd,
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: There it is. A million bucks. This
dialog: guy Kelley better be a sure bet.
dialog: I'd hate to see that kinda green
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: . _LONNEGAN |
dialog: We'll find out in a few minutes.
text: Scanlon's on the phone in the other
dialog: room.
text: There's a knock on the door, and immediately Lonnegan closes
text: the cases. A Guard pokes his head in.
dialog: Snyder's here.
speaker_heading: ~ LONNEGAN
dialog: Send him in.
text: Synder swaggers in with the self-importance typical of him.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I assume you're here for your
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: That's right. Toni t's the night.
dialog: 1 called eight agents into town for
dialog: this bust. They're gonna be pretty
dialog: burned up if I don't deliver.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You can relax, Snyder, I never go
dialog: back on a. deal. ‘There's a Chinese
dialog: market down Vermont near 6th. In
text: the back are three meat lockers. The
dialog: middie one isn't a meat locker at all.
dialog: It's a meeting room. That's where
dialog: they're gonna make the split.
text: Snyder is amazed that Lonnegan could discover such a well-
text: organized hideout.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
speaker_heading: #00406 106
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 172
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: You mind tellin’ me how you find out
dialog: stuff like this?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I got a source.
speaker_heading: ; SNYDER
dialog: Think I could use it sometime?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Why don't you ask for yourself?
dialog: (calling into
dialog: e other room)
dialog: Scanlon. “you off the phone yet?
text: We hear a Voice 0.s. as another figure enters the room.
speaker_heading: ., VOICE
dialog: Yeah, what is it?
text: The Voice is familiar. The camera moves to reveal that the
text: person is even more familiar. To our amazement, it's Veronica.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 173
text: Lonnegan delights in Snyder's surprise that the source is a
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (making the
dialog: introduction)
dialog: Camille Scanlon, Agent Snyder.
dialog: Snyder says he'd like to make use
dialog: of your services someday.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: (the ice maiden)
dialog: All it takes is money.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: (referring to
dialog: her shiner
dialog: Looks like you paid a price for what
dialog: you found out.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: (hard as nails) -
dialog: I'll get whatever I paid back, and
dialog: then some.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: #00406 107 .
speaker_heading: 173 CONTINUED 173
speaker_heading: __ SNYDER
dialog: (taking
dialog: his leave .
dialog: Well, Lonnegan, it was nice doin’
dialog: business with ya. Someday when I'm
dialog: bureau chief, maybe I can return
dialog: the favor.
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: You know, it's too bad we're on
dialog: opposite sides of the law. The
dialog: government could use a guy like you.
text: Lonnegan smiles. He's real thrilled that Snyder thinks so
text: highly of him. Once Snyder's out the door, Lonnegan turns
dialog: to Veronica.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: What's the word on Macalinski?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: He went for four hundred grand on
dialog: Hooker. Hooker just told me on the
text: phone that he's dumpin' the fight as
text: soon as it doesn't look too phony.
dialog: You can put your million on Kelley
dialog: any time you want.
dialog: Lonnegan is really proud of himself now.
speaker_heading: _. _LONNEGAN
dialog: You see how it all works now, Floyd?
dialog: At even money, we not only get back
dialog: the five hi ed grand we lost, but
dialog: we get another half million in the
dialog: bargain. Meetin' Henry Gondorff
dialog: turns out to be the best thing that
dialog: ever happened to us.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Well, I gotta get ready to go to the
dialog: fight with Gondorff. You owe me a
dialog: hundred grand Lonnegan. I'11 be
dialog: leavin' early. I don't wanta be
dialog: caught with Gondorff's boys when
text: Macalinski sees Hooker take the
dialog: count.
text: Without hesitation, Lonnegan reaches into his desk, pulls
text: out the money and hands it to her. She counts it quickly.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 108
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 173
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You earned every penny of it. I
dialog: wish I had ten more like you.
text: Veronica smiles at Floyd, who didn't appreciate this last
dialog: comment too much.
speaker_heading: ___ VERONICA
dialog: » (heading
dialog: . for the door) |
dialog: Enjoy yourselves tonight. If I'm
dialog: even in Chicago, I'll drop by and
dialog: you can tell me about it.
text: Lonnegan nods good-bye and Veronica is let out the door.
text: Floyd is struggling hard with a thought.
speaker_heading: _,, _ FLOYD
dialog: There's still one thing I don't get.
dialog: How come you told Snyder where they're
dialog: gonna be meetin'?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: ‘Cause there's no chance they'll ever
dialog: get there. Macalinski'll see to that
dialog: once I tell him they conned him.
dialog: (savoring the
dialog: thought ) .
dialog: Of course, that won't be until it's
dialog: too late for him to deny it. Come on.
text: Lonnegan picks up one of the suitcases, Floyd the other, and
text: they exit.
scene_heading: INT. THE STILLMAN AUDITORIUM - NIGHT : 174
text: Although an improvement over the Jersey Garden, the Stillman
dialog: is no fabulous forum.
scene_heading: INT. HOOKER'S DRESSING ROOM 175
text: Hooker is having his hands taped by The Big Ohio. Gondorff
text: looks on, made up as Ivory Berrigan again. Eirie is pacing
text: around the room, more nervous than anybody.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: How do you feel?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: All right. How good do I gotta feel
dialog: to get knocked out?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
speaker_heading: #00406 109
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 175
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: I don't want ya to go out till at
dialog: least the third round if you can.
speaker_heading: ; HOOKER
dialog: What if I can't last that long?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Just do the best you can. You might
dialog: surprise yourself and go four or five.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I don't wanna surprise myself. I
dialog: wanta go out there and get creamed
dialog: early.
speaker_heading: GONDOREF
dialog: I told ya, Hooker, this has gotta
dialog: look convincing. If you just fall
dialog: over the first time he grazes ya,
dialog: Macalinski will know he's been had __
dialog: and we'll never get outta the building
dialog: alive.
scene_heading: EXT. CHANDLER IMPORT CO. - NIGHT 176
text: Lonnegan's limousine drives up to the building entrance and
text: stops. Lonnegan, Floyd, and a bodyguard carrying the two
text: suitcases filled with money exit the car and enter the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. CHANDLER IMPORT CO. - NIGHT 177
text: Billie is closing up for the night.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: We're closed.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I know.
text: He continues, without slowing, across the office and into
text: "Chandler's" inner office, followed closely by Floyd and the
text: bodyguard. Billie picks up a telephone and presses a button.
scene_heading: INT. BETTING PARLOR - NIGHT 178
text: A red Light winks next to a telephone which is picked up by
dialog: the Tuxedo Kid.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 178
speaker_heading: #00406 110
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 178
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
dialog: Yeah... okay.
text: He turns to the room full of grifters. .
speaker_heading: . TUXEDO KID
dialog: Look alive. We got company.
text: The door bangs open and Lonnegan, Floyd and the bodyguard
text: enter. The Tuxedo Kid hangs up the phone slowly.
scene_heading: .__,., TUXEDO KID
dialog: My receptionist said we were closed.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I'd like to lay a bet on Kelley to
dialog: win tonight. Even money.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
text: Too late. The fight's already started.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: It's nine-fifteen. The fight won't
dialog: start for another fifteen, twenty
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: . KID
dialog: (to Cashier)
dialog: Check the arena.
text: The Cashier picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (to Tuxedo Kid) ..
dialog: Don't I know you from somewhere?
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
dialog: (sweating) .
dialog: I got an ordinary lookin’ face,
dialog: 10)
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Lonnegan. Doyle Lonnegan.
text: The Cashier hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Mr. Chandler? The fight hasn't
dialog: started yet.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00406 “qi
scene_heading: 178 CONTINUED - 2 178
speaker_heading: __ TUXEDO KID
dialog: Well, you're in luck, Mr. ..Lonnegan?
dialog: How much did you want to bet?
scene_heading: oo. LONNEGAN
dialog: One million dollars. On Kelley. To
dialog: win. Even odds.
speaker_heading: , TUXEDO KID
dialog: What?! That's impossible. 1 can't....
speaker_heading: . LONNEGAN
dialog: (grabbing
dialog: Tuxedo Kid's
dialog: jacket lapels) .
dialog: You can. And will. And now.
text: The Tuxedo Kid's eyes go to Floyd's hand inside his coat .
text: pocket -- then to Lonnegan's pugnacious expression. He wilts.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID
dialog: My boss'1] kill me....
text: He looks to the Cashier.
speaker_heading: TUXEDO KID .
dialog: Count Mr. Lonnegan's money and write
text: him a receipt.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (to bodyguard) .
dialog: Stay here. Be first at the cashier's
dialog: win “4 + I wouldn't want them to run
dialog: short.
scene_heading: 179 INT. DRESSING ROOM OF STILLMAN AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 179
text: A badly beaten fighter is. half-carried into the dressing room.
text: Hooker watches as the fighter is deposited on a table.
dialog: . ., THE BIG OHIO
dialog: Time to go, kid.
text: The Big Ohio pushes on Hooker's gloves and we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
speaker_heading: #00406 112
scene_heading: STILLMAN AUDITORIUM ~ MACALINSKI AND LONNEGAN 180
text: making their way to their seats in different areas of the
text: arena. Macalinski is down close to ringside. Lonnegan is
text: across the way and up avout fifteen rows.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. STILLMAN AUDITORIUM - IN THE RING - HOOKER 181
text: as he climbs through the ropes and into the ring. He looks
text: across at Danny Kelley, who gives him a warm sneer. Hooker
text: sneers back, but his heart isn't in it. Both fighters do a
text: little shadow boxing as the Ying Announcer grabs the mike.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to
dialog: tonight's program of boxing at the
dialog: Stillman Auditorium. We begin a
dialog: seven round semimain. On my right,
text: wearing the red trunks and weighing
dialog: in at 172, that fine Irish puncher,
dialog: Danny Kelley.
text: Cheers for Kelley as he makes his rounds.
speaker_heading: _ ANNOUNCER
dialog: And to my left in the black trunks
dialog: and weighing in at 171, the kid from
dialog: California, Bobby Florian.
text: Hooker dances out into the ring, hands held above his head.
scene_heading: IN THE STANDS - ON LONNEGAN AND FLOYD 182
text: Floyd is disgusted.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Look at the bum jumpin' around.
dialog: Like he was actually gonna make a
dialog: fight of it, the cake-eater.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: C'mon, Floyd. It's time to give
dialog: Macalinski the bad news.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: You better talk fast. Hooker may
dialog: not last more than thirty seconds.
speaker_heading: WITH LONNEGAN 183
text: The referee has finished giving instructions to the fighters,
text: as Lonnegan makes his way over to where Macalinski is sitting.
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: =
dialog: #00406 , 113
text: IN THE RING . 184
text: The bell rings and the fighters come out. Hooker's plan is
dialog: obvious immediately -- to stay as far away from Kelley as
text: possible. Kelley, however, bores right in and whips out two
text: jabs which gnap Hooker's head back, but Hooker narrowly
text: manages to duck the right cross that follows.
scene_heading: IN THE STANDS - ON MACALINSKI 185 —
text: up in the stands, Macalinski looks on tensely, as Lonnegan
text: slides in next to him.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Howdy, Carlo.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Lonnegan. What are you doin' here?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Just takin' a little vacation in the
dialog: sun. Who you got your money on?
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: Florian. He's a hell of a puncher.
speaker_heading: __LONNEGAN
dialog: How much you got on him?
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Four hundred grand.
text: Lonnegan whistles in mock surprise.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: (defending
dialog: his be
dialog: I've seen him. I know what he can do.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: So do I. He conned me outta five
dialog: hundred grand four years ago.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: (incredulous
dialog: What are you talkin’ about?
speaker_heading: . LONNEGAN
dialog: He's no fighter. Never has been.
dialog: Name's Johnny Hooker. He's been a
dialog: grifter around Chicago for years.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
speaker_heading: #00406 114
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 185
speaker_heading: _LONNEGAN (Cont'd)
dialog: He's goin' on his hynie here in a
dialog: couple minutes.
scene_heading: MACALINSKI .
dialog: But what about his manager, Berrigan?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: That's Henry Gondorff, one of the
dialog: all-time greats. Not only is he not
dialog: a manager, he's not even a Negro.
dialog: That's just makeup. You been had,
dialog: Macalinski.
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
dialog: Are you sure it's the same guys?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Positive. I'll never forget those
dialog: two as long as I live. If I wasn't
dialog: under indictment, I'd ice 'em myself
text: as soon as the fight's over, which
dialog: shouldn't be too long now.
text: Macalinski can't believe it. He just sits there in stunned
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: IN THE RING 186
text: A pattern has developed in the fight. Hooker, surprisingly,
text: has one advantage. He's faster than Kelley, but Kelley keeps
text: coming at him, throwing punch after unch -- jabs, combina-
dialog: tions, round-houses, upper cuts, hooks, eve ing. Hooker
text: is able to dodge three-fourths of them but the one-fourth that
text: manage to land are beginning to take a toll.
scene_heading: IN THE STANDS - ON LONNEGAN AND MACALINSKI 187
speaker_heading: . LONNEGAN
dialog: Looks like Hooker's gettin' ready to
dialog: go home and spend some of your money. —
dialog: Whatever doubts Macalinski may have had about Lonnegan's
text: story are now dispelled. His astonishment is turning to
text: cold fury. He turns to two of his bodyguards.
speaker_heading: . MACALINSKI
dialog: Grimes and Rossavich, get over to that
dialog: bookie's and get our money back.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: -o~
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
speaker_heading: #00406 115
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 187
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You're wastin' your time. The bookie
dialog: is probably in with them. He won't
dialog: even be there.
speaker_heading: __MACALINSKI
dialog: {to his men) .
dialog: Get over there anyvay. And if he is
dialog: there, bring him with ya.
text: The two goons hustle off.
scene_heading: . _. LONNEGAN .
dialog: Funny, isn't it. You wouldn't think
dialog: lightning would strike twice like
dialog: this, I mean, especially with you
dialog: knowing what happened to me an all.
dialog: Ab well, I guess we all have our
dialog: blind spots. |
dialog: (getting
dialog: up to go) |
dialog: Well, I'll be seeing you, Carlo.
dialog: Sorry I had to be the one to tell you.
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: Oh, and Carlo, 1 won't breathe a word
dialog: of this to anybody. Your secret's
dialog: good with me.
text: Lonnegan walks off up the aisle, laughing to himself.
text: Macalinski just sits in his chair and steams.
dialog: curt TO
scene_heading: THE RING AGAIN ~ HOOKER 188
text: is bobbing and weaving like crazy in an effort to escape
text: Kelley's avalanche of blows. He is able to hit Kelley from
dialog: time to time, but whenever he trades with him, he gets the
dialog: worst of it. Hooker uses everything he knows to protect
text: himself. He clinches, covers up, moves constantly and
text: flurries his way out of corners, but Kelley 15 such a
text: dervish that Hooker is still taking a lot of shots.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 189
text: Finally, Kelley traps Hooker ‘in a corner and begins to flail
text: away like crazy. Hooker dodges this way and that, but he's
text: getting tag ed and he's unable to get away. A cut opens
text: over his left eye and his legs begin to wobble a little.
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: #00406 116
speaker_heading: AT RINGSIDE 190
text: Eirie, The Big Ohio, and Gondorff (who is sitting right behind
text: Hooker's corner with Veronica on his arm) yell at Hooker to
dialog: hang in there.
speaker_heading: ON HOOKER 191
text: He battles back, throwing a wild series of punches. They do
text: no damage, but confuse Kelley long enough to let the bel
dialog: ring.
text: IN HOOKER'S CORNER OF THE RING 192
text: Hooker slumps down on his stool. Eirie immediately gets to
text: sponging him off, as The Big Ohio dabs collodion on the cut.
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: Jesus, the guy's a goddamn windmill.
scene_heading: |. THE BIG OHIO
dialog: That's all right, Hooker. You're
dialog: doin' great. Just keep away from
dialog: him for another round.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC CITY STREET - NIGHT - MACALINSKI'S GOONS' CAR 193
text: racing through the city on their way to Chandler's Import
dialog: Company .
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. STILLMAN AUDITORIUM ~- IN THE RING 194
text: The second round is under way, and once again, Kelley is all
text: over Hooker, throwing blows from every conceivable angle.
text: As before, Hooker tries to dance away from the combinations
text: and dodge the haymakers, but he can't avoid them all and his
text: face is turning puffy and red. Soon the cut is open again
text: and he's blinking blood out of his eye. Kelley goes to the
text: body some and begins to raise welts on Hooker's ribs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. THE CHANDLER IMPORT COMPANY ~ NIGHT - MACALINSKI'S GOONS 195
text: crash through the front door, which is locked and into
dialog: Chandler's office which isn't. :
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
speaker_heading: #00406 117
scene_heading: INT. CHANDLER'S OFFICE - NIGHT 196
text: Strangely enough, the Tuxedo Kid is still there. The goons
text: stick a gun in his face and wave him toward the safe.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. STILLMAN AUDITORIUM - IN THE RING 197
text: Hooker's in trouble as he's slowing down and Kelly is scoring
text: more frequently. Kelley connects with three wicked body shots
text: and a left to the head that sends Hooker reeling into the
text: ropes. Instead of bouncing away, he just stays there, his
text: legs too tired to move him.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - IN THE RING 198
text: Even his flurry tactics don't slow Kelley, who wades in and
text: unleashes another barrage. Hooker can do nothing but try and
dialog: weather it. He gives up all pretense to offense. It's purely
dialog: a matter of survival now.
scene_heading: IN THE RING - HOOKER 199
text: calls on all the defensive quickness he can muster, moving
text: his head, slowing blows with the forearms and shoulders,
text: ducking, bobbing and leaning back over the ropes. Almost
text: like Ali's rope-a~dope. Kelley, meanwhile, just keeps.
text: banging away, Hooker takes it and takes it and takes it,
text: and finally just sags to the canvas. The count gets to
text: eight and the bell rings.
scene_heading: IN THE RING - HOOKER'S CORNER 200
text: Eirie and The Big Ohio drag Hooker back to his corner and
text: immediately apply the water and smelling salts, His nose
text: is bleeding as well as his eye, and his chest is heaving.
text: Gondorff comes out of his seat and up to the corner.
scene_heading: IN THE STANDS - ON LONNEGAN 201
dialog: - Lonnegan is loving it.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Next round oughta be the one.
dialog: _, FLOYD , .
dialog: Yeah, looks like Gondorff is tellin'
dialog: the pretty boy it's time to check
dialog: out. You think Macalinski's mad
dialog: enough to kill those guys?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I know he's mad enough.
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
speaker_heading: #00406 118
scene_heading: IN THE STANDS ~ ON MACALINSKI 202
text: It's true. He looks like he's ready to eat his seat.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO
speaker_heading: HOOKER'S CORNER 203
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I did it, Gondorff. I went two
dialog: like you said.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Damn right, Hooker. I'm proud of
dialog: ya, pal. Now I want you °. out
dialog: there and knock this guy on
dialog: butt. -
dialog: « _HOOKE!
dialog: What are you talkin' Spout! I'm
dialog: goin' out there and lie down. This
dialog: guy can hit.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Not any more you ain't.
dialog: (pointing into
dialog: es
dialog: You recognize that guy about fifteen
text: rows up, fourth seat from the aisle?
text: Hooker looks and finds the man Gondorff is pointing to.
scene_heading: HOOKER'S POINT OF VIEW - LONNEGAN 204
text: “in the stands with Floyd.
scene_heading: IN HOOKER'S CORNER - WITH HOOKER AND GONDORFF 205
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: Oh God, it's Lonnegan.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: That's right, and he just told
dialog: Macalinski that we been connin' him.
dialog: As a result, Macalinski is ettin!
dialog: ready" to fi11 all of us ful
dialog: es.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How do you know all this?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ~
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
speaker_heading: #00406 119
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 205
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Haven't got time to lain it now.
dialog: Look, I don't wanna put the pressure
dialog: on ya, but if you don't beat this
dialog: guy, we're all corpses.
text: If Hooker was groggy at the end of the round, he's wide awake
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: But what about Lonnegan? He'll kill
dialog: us just as fast.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Take my word for it. You win this
dialog: fight and you won't have to worry
dialog: . about Lonnegan.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
speaker_heading: seThelgtet)
dialog: You can do it, Hooker. Kelley's
dialog: gotta be tiring. A guy can only
dialog: ish out so much punishment.
text: The warning buzzer sounds. Hooker looks around to see
dialog: Veronica.
scene_heading: HOOKER'S POINT OF VIEW - RINSIDE SEAT 206
text: Veronica's not there any more.
scene_heading: IN HOOKER'S CORNER - ON HOOKER AND GONDORFF 207
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: Hey, what happened to Veronica?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Don't worry about that now.
text: The warning buzzer sounds. The Big Ohio grabs Hooker's head
text: to get his attention.
speaker_heading: THE BIG OHIO
dialog: Forget stayin' away from him, Hooker.
dialog: You gotta start gettin’ some knocks
dialog: in. He's not gonna hit ya any worse
dialog: if you trade with him.
text: Hooker nods his head as the bell sounds for round three.
scene_heading: IN THE STANDS - ON LONNEGAN . 208
text: joyfully anticipating Hooker's demise.
dialog: ~~ 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: ~~
dialog: 212
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: #00406 120
scene_heading: IN THE RING - THE FIGHT 209
text: Hooker comes out, and much to Kelley's surprise, doesn't back
text: away. Hooker throws a right-left combination and actually
text: lands one. Kelley counters with another swarm of blows, but
text: Hooker stands his ground and comes ripping back. He smashes
text: a right to the chest, a left to the ribs and an overhand right
text: to the head. The fight is becoming a real slugfest. Kelley
text: headhunting, throwing big haymakers, hooks and uppercuts.
text: Hooker duc ing inside, jolting shots to the ribs and mid-
text: section. Kelley's blows are more spectacularly visible from
text: even the cheap seats, but Hooker is dishing it out to the
text: body and Kelley is beginning to feel it. Hooker gains more
text: and more confidence, if nothing else than for the fact he's
text: still on his feet, It's turning into a helluva fight, and
text: the crowd is warming to it. All of them expect Lonnegan.
scene_heading: IN THE STANDS - ON LONNEGAN 210
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: What the hell is goin' on here?
speaker_heading: IN THE RING 211
text: Hooker and Kelley are literally toe to toe now, trading
dialog: punches as fast as their arms can work. One thing is be-
text: coming increasingly clear, however. Kelley is beg nmning to
dialog: tire.” He has trained too little and thrown enough punches
text: for three fights, and he's way behind on motivation. Hooker
text: senses it, and now his adrenalin really begins to flow.
text: He's taken Kelley's best shots and Kelly knows it.
text: Hooker rips a left to the stomach and follows with a right
text: to the side of the head. For the first time in the fight,
text: Kelley begins to backpeddle, looking for a little breathing
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: IN THE STANDS - ON MACALINSKI 212
text: One of the goons, Rossovich, returns, a big smile on his face.
text: He's got the leather bag full of money with him.
speaker_heading: _,ROSSAVICH
dialog: The guy was still there. Grimes
dialog: has got him out in the car. We got
dialog: nothin’ to worry about. The bet's
dialog: off.
text: Rossavich doesn't get the show of gratitude out of Macalinski
text: that he'd expected. At this point, Macalinski is not at all
dialog: sure he wants that money back.
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
speaker_heading: #00406 121
speaker_heading: IN THE RING 213
text: Hooker's really into it now, blasting away with both hands.
text: Hooker crowds Kelley and hammers away to the body. Kelley
text: stabs out with his right, but the zip is gone from his
text: punches. He tries to hold on, but Hooker pushes him away,
text: and starts pounding again.
scene_heading: IN THE STANDS - ON LONNEGAN AND FLOYD 214
text: Lonnegan is speechless. Floyd looks like he's growing
dialog: hemorrhoids.
speaker_heading: IN THE RING 215
text: Hooker backs Kelley into a corner, Kelley's punches are just
text: awing the air now. Hooker, walking right through them, just
text: eeps ripping to the body, occasionally going to the head,
text: but mostly burning up the midsection. This is the first
text: round he's really thrown any punches, so unlike Kelley, he's
text: got something left despite the beating he's taken. Kelle
text: rops his guard to protect his aching ribs and Hooker rocks.
text: him with a right to the chin.
scene_heading: IN HOOKER'S CORNER 216
text: Eirie and The Big Ohio are going crazy in the corner. Birie
text: is filling the air with imagina punches in an effort to urge
text: Hooker on. He throws one so hard he falls down. Gondorff,
dialog: of course, has got to maintain his cool, having to preserve
dialog: the fiction that he's being double-crossed, but we know
text: that he's exploding inside.
speaker_heading: IN THE RING 217
text: Hooker pummels away to the stomach again. Kelley's guard
text: comes down and Hooker straightens him up with a wicked upper-
text: cut that knocks Kelley's mouthpiece clean across the ring.
text: Kelley's arms are leaden. This time his guard stays down |
text: and his knees begin to sag. Hooker measures him, plants his
text: feet and blasts a right to the nose, a right-left to the jaw .
text: and cheekbone, and finally a prodigious uppercut that catches
text: Kelley full on the chin. He wavers a second and pitches for-
text: ward on his face.
text: ON LONNEGAN AND FLOYD IN THE STANDS 218
text: Lonnegan leaps out of his seat, his face completely ashen.
text: Floyd is too shocked to move. .
dialog: ao
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
speaker_heading: #00406 122
scene_heading: ON MACALINSKI IN THE STANDS 219
text: He has also come out of his seat, a new kind of anger welling
text: up in him.
speaker_heading: IN THE RING ‘ 220
text: The referee counts Kelley out and Eirie and The Big Ohio race
text: into the ring to embrace Hooker. Hooker tries to dance around
text: the ring a little, but he's too exhausted. Eirie and Big Ohio
text: have to help him out of the ring.
scene_heading: ON MACALINSKI IN THE STANDS 221
text: He is on fire.
speaker_heading: . GRIMES
dialog: What do we do with Chandler, that
dialog: bookie guy?
speaker_heading: MACALINSKI
text: Let him go. Florian and Berrigan
dialog: were on the level.
dialog: (with venom)
dialog: It's Lonnegan that burned us.
dialog: Cur To
scene_heading: INT. HOOKER'S DRESSING ROOM . 222
text: There's general merriment as Eirie, Gondorff and The Big Ohio
text: whoop it up, slapping Hooker on the back, tousling his hair,
text: etc. Hooker just sorta rolls with it, a thoroughly weary man.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Atta boy, Hooker. I knew you could
dialog: do it!
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: (demonstrating
dialog: with his own
dialog: awkward punches}
dialog: You see them combinations, them
dialog: uppercuts? You were TNT out
dialog: there tonight, Hooker.
speaker_heading: BIG OHIO
dialog: You really showed ‘em what you're
dialog: made of, Johnny.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Thanks, I hope I never get the chance
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: wm 222
dialog: 223
dialog: wm 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: #00406 123
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 222
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: If you hurry and get showered, we
text: can still make the ten o'clock train.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Unless Lonnegan's guys are waitin'
dialog: outside to put a few bullets in us.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Believe me, they're gonna be too
dialog: busy tryin' to keep Macalinski's
dialog: guys from puttin' a few bullets in
dialog: em.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: EXT. STILLMAN AUDITORIUM ~ AN EXIT DOOR 223
text: Lonnegan, Floyd and two bodyguards come out of the auditorium.
text: They're in a big hurry and are quite relieved to see their
text: limousine waiting for them. Floyd opens the back door and
text: Lonnegan slides in.
scene_heading: INT. LONNEGAN'S CAR 224
text: Suddenly floyd and the two bodyguards feel the chill of cold
text: steel on their spinal columns. Three of Macalinski's men
text: are holding .38's in their backs. Two others slide in next
text: to the unsuspecting Lonnegan and close the doors. Lonnegan's
text: getting the same treatment he gave Kid Twist. His face is
text: frozen in terror as the limousine drives off to keep his date
text: with the cement cobbler.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. THE CHINESE MARKET - NIGHT 225
text: The proprietor is closing up for the night, totaling up his
text: receipts. Snyder and his eight fellow agents enter the store.
text: They tell the man to continue what he's doing as the two
text: agents hide behind the counter and the others go into the
text: meat locker. The Chinaman goes about his business with no
text: hint of concern.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. STILLMAN AUDITORIUM - ANOTHER EXIT DOOR 226
text: We pick up Hooker, Eirie, Gondorff, The Big Ohio and the
text: Tuxedo Kid coming out another exit of the auditorium. The
text: Big Ohio and the Tuxedo Kid climb into a car driven by
text: Singleton. Gondorff, Hooker and Eirie pile into one driven
text: by Billie. As the cars pull out, we: :
dialog: cur To
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
speaker_heading: #00406 124
scene_heading: INT. SMALL MEETING ROOM IN CHINESE MARKET 227
text: Snydex and his men are all in place now, hiding behind
text: various boxes and crates, their guns drawn, ready for action.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S CAR 228
text: Gondorff, Hooker, Eirie and Billie driving through the city
dialog: in their car. :
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: {to Gondorff)
dialog: So you knew all along what Lonnegan
dialog: was doin', didn't ya?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Yeah, once I found out Lonnegan killed
dialog: Twist and pinned it on Macalinski, I
dialog: figured it from there. I had a little
dialog: help with some of the details though.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: From who?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Veronica.
text: Both Hooker and Eirie are stunned.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: I sent her up to Chicago to get next
dialog: to Lonnegan the year I went into the
dialog: pen. I knew he'd come after us as
dialog: soon as I got out, so I figured I
dialog: better have somebody watchin' him.
dialog: Lonnegan hired her right away ‘cause
dialog: he figured she'd be a great way to
dialog: Keep an eye on us. He was the one
dialog: that told her to get next to you.
dialog: She tipped me off on everything she
dialog: could, but she didn't find out about
dialog: Twist until it was too late.
text: This is all a little much for Hooker. He just slumps back
text: in his seat in disbelief.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. SMALL MEETING ROOM IN CHINESE MARKET 229
text: Snyder and his men are still waiting, crouched in antici-
text: pation. A couple of them are getting a little restless.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: w™ 229
dialog: 230
dialog: oo
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: #00406 125
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 229
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: You sure they're comin' here?
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Shut up, will ya. Of course I'm
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S CAR - HOOKER 230
text: has recovered enough to speak.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Veronica. Jesus, why didn't ya tell
dialog: me? All that hootchie-kootchie she
dialog: was puttin’ out was part of the act.
dialog: I mean she's givin' me these raven
dialog: eyes and....
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I never heard about no hootchie-
dialog: kootchie and I don't want to. I
dialog: woulda told ya she was in on the
dialog: ground floor, but I didn't want ya
dialog: to get too friendly with her. Babes
dialog: and griftin' don't mix. I didn't
dialog: know you were gonna go and get stuck
text: on her anyway.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'm not stuck on her. I just don't
dialog: like playin' the patsy.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You oughta thank her for one thing.
dialog: She helped Lonnegan get Snyder off
dialog: your back.
text: The car comes to a stop and Gondorff and the others get out.
text: We can't tell from the angle exactly where they are.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: INT. SMALL MEETING ROOM IN CHINESE MARKET 231
text: There's a noise at the door and all the agents spring into
text: readiness. The door opens and one man walks in. The agents
text: spring from their cover and surround him, gone leveled. One
text: turns on the lights to reveal a little Delivery Boy with a
text: bouquet of flowers.
speaker_heading: DELIVERY BOY
dialog: There a guy named Snyder here?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: o™ 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
speaker_heading: #00406 126
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 231
text: Before Snyder can answer, one of the agents reads the card
text: on the bouquet.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Dear Snyder. Sorry we couldn't make
dialog: it. Start the party without us.
dialog: Love, Henry Gondorff.
text: All the agents turn and focus their undying contempt on Snyder,
text: a man who seems destined always to be in the right place at the
text: wrong time. Right now, Snyder looks like he's gonna be ill.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. ATLANTIC CITY TRAIN STATION ~ NIGHT 232
text: Gondorff, Hooker, Eirie, Billie, Singleton, The Big Ohio and
text: the Tuxedo Kid are walking down the island to their train.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Hey, wait a minute, I just thought
dialog: of somethin'. If Macalinski took
dialog: the money back from Tuxedo, we didn't
dialog: make a dime on this thing.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Well we didn't exactly come away
dialog: empty handed. The guy Veronica got
dialog: Lonnegan to bet his money with was
dialog: one of our guys too, Freddie Lake
dialog: outa Jersey City.
text: Hooker just shakes his head. He shoulda known it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Then where's my split?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Veronica's got it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I don't know. Why don't you ask
text: her? She's in car ten, cabin six.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 233
text: Hooker starts for car ten and then turns back to Gondorff.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Henry? What made you think I could
dialog: beat Kelley?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
speaker_heading: #00406 127
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 233
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I don't know, Hooker, you got a way
dialog: of ignoring the reality of things
dialog: that always pulls you through. Some-
dialog: day, you're gonna realize what you
dialog: been doin' all these years and die
dialog: of fright. I was wrong about one
dialog: thing, though. I used to think you
dialog: led a charmed life. Now I can see
dialog: that you're just the gamest grifter
dialog: I ever knew.
dialog: Hooker smiles. He'll take that.
speaker_heading: WITH HOOKER 234
text: We follow him to car ten.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CORRIDOR 235
text: Hooker finds Veronica's compartment. The door is open.
scene_heading: INT. VERONICA'S COMPARTMENT 236
text: Hooker's cheeks are slightly swollen and there's a bandage
text: over his eye. He looks as bad as Veronica.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Gondorff tells me you got my split.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Then why aren't ya givin' it to me?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: He told me you'd just blow it. I
dialog: figured you could use it for better
dialog: ngs. Like showin' me a good time.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (incensed)
dialog: After all you done for me? You start
dialog: out by takin' my money and then you
dialog: make a sap outa me for the benefit
dialog: of a guy who's been tryin’ to kill
dialog: me for two years. 1% mean you coulda
dialog: played your role for Lonnegan with-
dialog: out all the lovey-dovey stuff, the
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: r™ 236
dialog: ~~
dialog: 237
speaker_heading: #00406
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 128
dialog: 236
speaker_heading: HOOKER (Cont'd)
dialog: proper medical attention and all that.
dialog: Jesus, you finally get me to the
dialog: point where I can stand ya, and then
dialog: I find out the whole thing has been
dialog: a fake. Now you want me to take you
dialog: places. I wouldn't be mich of a guy
dialog: if I went for that.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: I didn't say you'd be much. I said
dialog: you'd be enough for me. Besides, the
dialog: whole thing wasn't a fake.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Oh yeah, which parts?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: What do ya think, ya jerk? I don't
dialog: even know what I got to offer, but
dialog: you got the best of it.
text: Hooker looks at her a second, wondering if she really means it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: _ I can't believe a thing you say any
dialog: more, Sheridan. You haven't been
dialog: straight with me one time since I met
dialog: you.
text: Veronica pulls out Hooker's money and throws it at him.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: All right, here's your goddamn money.
dialog: You don't deserve me anyway.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (picking it up
dialog: and heading for
dialog: the door)
dialog: Sorry, lady, I don't mind you doin’
dialog: your job, but I don't like bein'
dialog: played for a fool.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: So long, Hooker. Thanks for the
dialog: dance.
text: Hooker nods and walks on out.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CORRIDOR 237
text: As Hooker gets to the end of the car, he comes face to face
text: with Gondorff counting a large amount of money into Kelley's
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
speaker_heading: #00406 129
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 237
speaker_heading: KELLEY
dialog: Hey, kid -- you had me worried you
dialog: wouldn't make it through the first
dialog: two rounds!
dialog: (to Gondorff)
dialog: Thanks, Mr. Gondorff.
text: Kelley jumps off the train, stuffing the money into his pockets.
text: Hooker looks at Gondorff, who shrugs and grins sheepishly.
text: Hooker shakes his head helplessly and begins to laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN 238
text: Hooker steps off the train as it starts to pull out, The cars
text: go slowly past him as he heads back toward the terminal, his
text: hands deep down in his pockets, his mood turning serious.
text: Just as the last car is about to go past him, he grabs the
text: railing and swings himself back up on the train, a burgeoning
text: smile on his face. Helen Forrest's "Takin' A Chance On Love"
text: comes up on the soundtrack and we hold on the train as it
text: recedes into the distance.
dialog: ‘I thought the cards were a frame up,
dialog: I never would try.
dialog: But now I'm taking the game up.
dialog: And the ace of hearts is high.
text: Things are mending now.
text: I see a rainbow blending now.
dialog: we'll have our happy ending now.
dialog: Takin' A Chance On Love.'
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
