dialog: 
dialog: Seventh Victim
speaker_heading: THE SEVENTH VICTIM
dialog: Screen Play
dialog: by
dialog: Charles O'Neal and DeWitt Bodeen
text: The RKO TITLE and CREDITS are SUPERIMPOSED over a tall
text: stained glass window as shown from the inside of a building.
text: There are two maidenly figures worked into the stained glass
text: window: one, older and slightly taller, dressed in van
text: colored garments, leads by the hand a younger and smaller
text: girl, dressed in a simple flowing, white robe. Through the
text: lighter colored pieces of glass in the window the branches of
text: a tree can be seen stirring in a light wind.
text: The last credit FADES from the screen.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - HIGHCLIFFE ACADEMY - DAY
text: The CAMERA HOLDS ON the stained glass window. Beneath the
text: painted figures is a scroll, and on the scroll, a part of the
text: stained glass window, is an inscription:
text: I RUNNE TO DEATH AND DEATH MEETS ME AS FAST,
text: AND ALL MY PLEASURES ARE LIKE YESTERDAY. -
dialog: John Donne, Holy Sonnets VI.
text: As the CAMERA CONTINUES TO HOLD, the jumbled sound of
text: classroom recitations can be heard.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s. from classroom above
dialog: camera level)
dialog: Amo, arias, amat, amamus, amatis,
dialog: amant.
speaker_heading: SECOND GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s. from classroom below
dialog: camera level)
dialog: One times nine is nine.
dialog: Two times nine is eighteen.
dialog: Three times nine is twenty-seven.
dialog: Four times nine is thirty-six
speaker_heading: THIRD GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s. from classroom above camera
dialog: level, singing)
dialog: Do, no, mi, Pa, sol, la, ti, do.
text: These classroom sounds, although they can be heard clearly,
dialog: should not disturb the serenity of the stairway or of the
text: painted figures on which the CAMERA IS LEVELED.
text: Suddenly, from overhead, a gong rings with a harsh, jarring
text: noise. Doors are heard opening, feet scuffling over the floor
text: and the light, high sound of girls' voices chattering. A
text: moment later a cascade of uniformed schoolgirls of all ages
text: pours down the stairs past the camera. Against this tide one
text: single girl makes her way.
text: The CAMERA PANS WITH her up the remainder of the short flight
text: of stairs and across the hallway to a door marked, PRINCIPAL.
text: The girl knocks and from inside an over— cultured woman's
text: voice is heard in response,
scene_heading: MRS. LOWOOD'S VOICE
dialog: Come in, please.
text: CLOSE SHOT - Mary Gibson at the door. She hesitates before
text: opening it. She is young and her youth gives her prettiness,
text: but something in the quiet serenity of her face and the clear
text: candor of the eyes show the innate niceness of the girl; a
dialog: quality of character which will give her real beauty as she
text: grows older. At the moment she is somewhat perplexed by her
text: unexpected summons by the Head Mistress.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Mary as she opens the door and looks
text: expectantly toward the desk. No one is there.
scene_heading: MRS. LOW0OD'S VOICE
dialog: Here we are, Mary.
text: MED. LONG SHOT as Mary walks into the room. It is a large
dialog: room and every effort has been made to invest it with
text: authority. A large Sheraton desk with side trays stands at
text: one end. On the wall behind this desk hangs a gloomy, dour
text: visaged portrait of the founder of the school. The wall
text: opposite the door is pierced by a large window. There are
text: several bookcases with dull-looking volumes; books of
text: reference and encyclopedia. On top of one of these cases is
text: the white, plaster head of Athena. The walls are covered with
text: enormous framed, sepia-tinted prints of the Acropolis, the
text: Colosseum, Trajan's Column and other celebrated ruins.
text: Mrs. Lowood, the Principal, a solidly built lady with iron
text: gray hair and her assistant, Miss Gilcrist, a slim, frail
text: lady of indeterminate age, are at a small table at the end of
text: the room. They are cutting out paper hearts. As Mary comes up
text: to them, Mrs. Lowood finishes cutting out a paper heart and
text: lays down the scissors with an air of satisfaction. With Mary
text: close behind her, she starts toward the desk. Miss Gilcrist
text: follows. The CAMERA PANS WITH them as they cross the room.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOWOOD
dialog: I have a most painful matter to
dialog: discuss with you, Mary.
text: Mary looks concerned.
text: Mrs. Lowood has reached her desk, while Mary stands wondering
text: what might come next. Mrs. Lowood deliberately seats herself
text: and puts her fingertips together firmly. Over this Gothic
text: arch she speaks to Mary. Miss Gilcrist takes her accustomed
text: place beside her.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOWOOD
dialog: Your sister - - have you heard from
dialog: her lately?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, Mrs. Lowood, she doesn't write
dialog: often.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOWOOD
dialog: Have you any other relatives, Mary?
text: Mary shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. Jacqueline brought me up.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Somehow I never felt I needed other
dialog: relatives.
text: Mrs. Lowood nods.
speaker_heading: MRS. LOWOOD
dialog: That makes it all the more
dialog: difficult ——
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (a little alarmed)
dialog: Difficult? Has anything happened to
dialog: Jacqueline?
speaker_heading: MRS. LOWOOD
dialog: We don't know, Mary. We've been
dialog: unable to get in touch with your
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Sometimes she can be quite
dialog: careless. Why don't you try Mrs.
dialog: Redi?
speaker_heading: MRS. LOWOOD
dialog: I have written repeatedly to Mrs.
dialog: Redi. She vouchsafes no information
dialog: whatsoever.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: It is six months since your tuition
dialog: has been paid, Mary. Naturally, it
dialog: is impossible for you to stay on
dialog: here as a paying pupil.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in a small voice)
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: MRS LOWOOD
dialog: Miss Gilcrist and I have talked it
dialog: over. You can remain here and work
dialog: with the younger children as a sort
dialog: of assistant teacher. These
dialog: Valentine cut-outs for instance —-
dialog: (holds one up)
dialog: -- it's something you could do.
text: She starts to get up as if everything were decided.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But, Mrs. Lowood, I can't just stay
dialog: here not knowing what's happened to
dialog: my sister. Maybe if I went to New
dialog: York -- if I saw Mrs. Redi myself --
speaker_heading: MRS. LOWOOD
dialog: I doubt if you'll get anything
dialog: out of that woman. But if
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: you'd like to try, I'll advance you
dialog: the money to make the trip to New
dialog: York. Of course, my dear, if you
dialog: don't find your sister, you can
dialog: always come back here.
speaker_heading: NARY
dialog: (catching the note of high
dialog: minded dismissal)
dialog: Thank you.
text: She turns and starts for the door. Miss Gilcrist goes with
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE MRS. LOWOOD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Mary comes out of Mrs. Lowood's office, closely followed
text: by Miss Gilcrist, who closes the door softly behind her.
speaker_heading: MISS GILCRIST
dialog: Mary, don't come back. No matter if
dialog: you never find your sister -— no
dialog: matter what happens to you -- don't
dialog: come back.
text: Mary looks at her in surprise.
speaker_heading: MISS GILCRIST
dialog: (in a kindly, more
dialog: explanatory tone)
dialog: My parents died when I was a pupil.
dialog: I left, as you are leaving, but I
dialog: didn't have courage -- one must
dialog: have courage to really live in the
dialog: world -- I came back.
text: The two stand looking at each other for a moment, while Mary
dialog: realizes what her future may be -- what Miss Gilcrist is --
text: then suddenly the ringing notes of Mrs. Lowood's voice come
text: from the other side of the door.
scene_heading: MRS. LOWOOD'S VOICE
dialog: Gilcrist!
text: Miss Gilcrist starts, turns automatically to open the door,
text: then looks back at Mary. With a fond glance, she pats her arm
text: before opening the door and going on into Mrs. Lowood's
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - HIGHCLIFFE ACADEMY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The stained glass window. The rain pours against the glass,
text: and the boughs of the tree beat back and forth. Mary comes
text: down the stairs dressed in plain travelling clothes. She
text: carries her bag in one hand. She hears the familiar sound of
dialog: daily classroom recitations.
speaker_heading: FRENCH STUDENT'S VOICE
dialog: Je cherche
dialog: Tu cherches
dialog: Ell cherahe
dialog: Nous cherohons
dialog: Vous cherchez
dialog: Elba cherohent
text: The French lesson dies away and we hear Mrs. Lowood's voice.
scene_heading: MRS. LOWOOD'S VOICE
dialog: Agnes --- ! John Quincy Adams did
dialog: not follow John Adams as President.
text: Mary smiles. In the distance some young girl's fingers falter
text: awkwardly over the melancholy chords of Traumerei. Mary
text: reaches the bottom of the stairway and passes the big, fumed
text: oak grandfather's clock which stands with majestic infinity
text: of time, reminding all tardy students that it is later than
text: they know. As she passes it, it rings the hour. She looks at
text: its friendly, familiar face, and gives it a little pat of
text: farewell. O.S. we hear a sweeping girl's voice reciting the
text: final verse of "The Chambered Nautilus."
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: Build thee more stately mansions,
dialog: 0 my soul,
dialog: As the swift seasons roll;
dialog: Leave thy low-vaulted past!
dialog: Let each new temple, nobler than
dialog: the last
dialog: Shut thee from heaven with a dome
dialog: more vast,
dialog: Till thou at length art free,
text: Leaving thins outgrown shell by
dialog: life's unresting sea;;
text: With this burst of poetic encouragement, Mary crosses the
text: hallway, opens the door and passes out of Highcliffe Academy,
text: closing the door behind her.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY - LA JEUNESSE COSMETIC COMPANY - DAY
text: MED. CLOSEUP of a column of white powder falling from an
text: oscillating sifter. The powder falls into a large barrel, but
text: the column of powder and its attendant dust hide from view
text: the three figures behind it. We hear the throaty voice of
dialog: Mrs. Redi.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI'S VOICE
dialog: That's enough.
text: There is a click as the apparatus is turned off. The powder
text: stops falling. Three people are disclosed. Mary, still in her
text: travelling suit; Mrs. Redi, a neat, businesslike woman, with
text: firm features and a steady eye.
text: Her hair is extremely well coifed. Not a strand is out of
text: place. Her clothes are covered by a long, white surgeon' s
text: coat of immaculate linen. The third person is a workman,
text: dressed in a white smock and wearing a long, snouted,
text: inhalator mask, which he removes, revealing a benign and
text: smiling face.
text: Mrs. Redi rubs a bit of the powder on the palm of her hand.
text: She examines it critically.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: (to Joseph)
dialog: It seems all right, Joseph.
dialog: (turning to Mary with a
dialog: strained smile)
dialog: You see, we do keep up the quality
dialog: of La Jeunesse products in spite of
text: Jacqueline's absence.
text: She and Mary start down the line of machines toward a funnel
text: and tube arrangement set up for filling bottles. The CAMERA
text: DOLLYS WITH them.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (as they go, evidently
dialog: resuming a previous
dialog: discussion)
dialog: But you must know someone who has
dialog: seen or heard of my sister.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I'm afraid not.
text: They reach the bottle-filling apparatus. Mrs. Redi lifts one
text: of the bottles and holds it up to the light.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: Your sister had many friends --but
dialog: they were not my friends. I was
text: only the manager of her plant.
text: She sets down the bottle and they move on. The CAMERA GOES
text: WITH them. Mary, embarrassed, looks at her. They have reached
text: a machine which pours luke-warm cleansing cream into great
text: jars. As one of the jars slides out from the machine, Mrs.
text: Redi picks it up, rubs a bit of cream from the top of the jar
text: onto the back of her hand, and judges the rapidity with which
text: the cream dissolves at body temperature. Evidently it meets
text: with her approval, for she passes on and goes toward her
dialog: office.
text: Mary goes with her. At the door they stop a moment.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mrs. Redi, there's one thing —-with
dialog: Jacqueline gone, how do you carry
dialog: on the business? What do you do
dialog: with the receipts? How do you sign
dialog: checks--?
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Mary, I'm amazed. Didn't Jacqueline
dialog: tell you? She sold the business to
dialog: me at least eight months ago. It's
dialog: my business now.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I didn't know.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: (still smiling)
dialog: Yes —— and I must say I've done
dialog: very well with it -- perhaps even
dialog: better than Jacqueline.
text: They move on toward Mrs. Redi's office.
scene_heading: INT. SALON - LA JEUNESSE -DAY.
text: 8Mary and Mrs. Redi come into the salon. Beauty operators are
text: at work on patrons in several of the booths. The modernistic
text: glass walls, some patterned with stripes, the mirrors, and
text: the gleaming gadgets make of this ordinary room a rather
text: fantastic and distorted place.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: There's nothing you can think of --
dialog: old letters, anything, that might
dialog: give me some hint as to where I
dialog: might find Jacqueline?
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: Leave me your address, and if I
dialog: find anything, I'll get in touch
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm stopping at the Chatsworth.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: (with an air
dialog: of dismissal)
dialog: Thank you, my dear.
text: Mrs. Redi puts her hand on the knob of the door marked
text: "OFFICE." Mary starts off.
scene_heading: INT. SALON — LA JEUNESSE COSMETICS, INC. - DAY
text: Mary passes through the salon. As she passes one booth, a
text: young woman in the white smock of an operator comes out. This
text: is Frances, a tense, nervous young woman, with bleached blond
text: hair and excited, nervous eyes..
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (with great friendliness)
dialog: Why, Mary --
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Hello, Frances.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: How's Miss Jacqueline?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't know. That's why I came to
dialog: see Mrs. Redi. I'm trying to find
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You mean Miss Jacqueline's gone,
dialog: and you don't know where she is?
text: Mary nods. Frances beckons to Mary, and they pass through a
text: side door into a corridor that connects the plant with the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - LA JEUNESSE COSMETICS, INC. - DAY
text: It is a narrow, gloomy passage. The two girls come into it
text: from the side door. Frances fishes a package of cigarettes
text: from her pocket, takes one, lights it as she speaks.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I don't get this. Miss Jacqueline
dialog: was always so fond of you -- she
dialog: was always talking about you -— had
dialog: your picture in her office.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I know. For the first time I'm
dialog: beginning to be frightened. I
dialog: almost feel as if I'd never known
dialog: my sister.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Nothing's happened to her. It's
dialog: just that I can't understand her
dialog: not getting in touch with you.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I can't understand it at all.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well, don't worry. I saw Miss
dialog: Jacqueline only a week ago. I saw
dialog: her at a little restaurant the boy
dialog: friend took me to -- an Italian
dialog: place down in the Village —-	"The
dialog: Dante."
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: "The Dante?"
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: It's on Peary Street. Just ask the
dialog: people who run it. They'll remember
dialog: her.
dialog: (with reminiscent pride)
dialog: People who see Miss Jacqueline
dialog: never forget her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'll try there.
text: She starts to return to the salon, but Frances indicates to
text: her there is a short cut to the street by means of the long
text: hallway. The two girls smile at each other. Frances turns
text: back into the salon and Mary starts down the corridor.
scene_heading: EXT DISPLAY WINDOW & SIDE ENTRANCE - LA JEUNESSE COSMETICS,
scene_heading: INC.- DAY
text: Mary comes out of the side entrance and passes the display
text: window. She looks up for a moment at the words "La Jeunesse"
dialog: and at the peculiar trade-mark of the company. It is on this
text: peculiar trade—mark, a geometric figure, that the scene
speaker_heading: DISSOLVES
scene_heading: EXT.STREET CORNER - PEARY STREET - GREENWICH VILLAGE
text: It is after three o'clock, and the street is alive with
text: children. A covey of them flash past on roller skates, tailed
text: by one poor urchin with only one skate, who strives
text: desperately to keep up with the tail end of the procession.
text: Mary, coming around the corner, has to draw back half a step
text: to got out of his way.
text: A horse—drawn laundry truck stands at the curb on the
text: opposite side of the street, and a man is busily lifting down
text: bundles of soiled wash. On the other side Of the street is
text: the Dante. It is an Italian restaurant, a half-flight below
text: the street level. The name and the word "Restaurant" are
text: written on the glass in gold letters.
text: In the lower left hand corner of the window is a cardboard
text: sign, hand-lettered to read "Rooms for Rent". Above the
text: doorway is a poly-chrome bust of Dante. Mary crosses the
text: street to enter the Dante. A young man, Jason Hoag, comes
text: around the corner. He is a man about thirty-five years old,
text: and rather poorly dressed in an ordinary business suit and
text: trench coat Under one arm he carries a load of books. He
text: stops and looks at Mary with interest. She continues on,
text: going down the steps, under the Dante statue, and into the
text: restaurant. Jason looks after her.
scene_heading: INT DINING ROOM - DANTE RESTAURANT - DAY
text: This is a fairly good-sized room, with benches along the
text: walls and many small tables. Along one wall is a crudely
text: painted mural, a reproduction of the famous painting which
text: shows Dante's first meeting with Beatrice. Dante is passing
text: along the cobbled street, and Beatrice, with two companions,
text: large, flourishing wenches, is casting him a coy look over
text: her shoulder in passing. Directly under the feet of the poet
text: is a small table for one patron. On a back counter stands an
text: enormous, shining metal coffee machine. This is a patented
text: contraption for making coffee. The entire machine is
text: contrived to serve only one small purpose ——to make a cup of
text: coffee by driving steam through ground coffee. Near this
text: machine and flanking the door into the kitchen are fake palms
text: in wooden tubs. There is a door leading to the house hallway,
dialog: and through this door we can see the newel post of the
text: stairway leading to the rooms above. On most of the tables,
text: platters of antipasto have been arranged in readiness for the
text: dinner hour. When Mary enters, the restaurant is empty, but
text: echoes to the sound of a rich female voice singing with great
text: sentimental emphasis the words of "Care Mio Ben." Mary looks
text: around, hesitates a moment, and then starts toward the back
text: of the restaurant, as if following the source of the singing.
text: At the swinging door which separates the restaurant from the
text: kitchen Mary hesitates a moment, then knocks timidly. The
text: singing continues, and realizing that her knock will not be
text: heard above it, Mary shyly pushes open the door.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DANTE RESTAURANT - DAY
text: This is a cluttered, busy, steaming kitchen. In one corner at
text: a little table Mr. Romari, the proprietor, in a waiter's
text: uniform, is busily folding napkins. Mrs. Romari herself from
dialog: whose bosom come the sounds of
text: "Caro Mio Ben," can be seen through a cloud of steam behind a
text: boiling, kettle of spaghetti. She is a tall, gracious Italian
text: of sentiment and humor. Her pet pigeon in close attendance at
text: her feet. This bird follows her wherever she goes, hopping
text: about the floor at her heels. As Mrs. Romari wants to lift a
text: kettle of spaghetti from the stove and carry it to a center
text: table, she softly kicks the pigeon out on her way with a
text: practiced backward sweep of her slippered foot. Her turn
text: brings her face to face with Mary as she enters. Both the
text: Romaris look at her questioningly.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm worry to bother you. I want to
dialog: ask you about my sister.
speaker_heading: ROMARI
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I thought you might know her. She
dialog: was seen here about a week ago. Her
dialog: name is Jacqueline Gibson.
speaker_heading: ROMARI
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: I don't know no Gibson. This is a
dialog: restaurant. Many people come here.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: She's very beautiful.
text: Romari shrugs again.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish I could tell you what she
dialog: looked like -- I know you'd
dialog: remember her, She is tall --with
dialog: dark hair --
text: Romari shrugs. This all means nothing to him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Once you'd seen my sister you'd
dialog: never forget her.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: (interrupting; to Romari)
dialog: Giacomo -- la bellisslina madonna —-
speaker_heading: ROMARI
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Let me look at you -- you could be
dialog: her sister
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yes —— yes, if she made that much
dialog: impression on you, I'm sure it was
dialog: Jacqueline.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: She's not been here for a long
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But she was here?
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: Oh yes, yes. One day a beautiful
dialog: car comes here. This beautiful lady
text: in furs gets out. There is a
dialog: handsome man with her, and the
dialog: chauffeur The lady rents one of
dialog: our upstairs rooms. The chauffeur
text: changes the lock on the door. Then
dialog: the lady never comes back --not to
dialog: live, anyhow. She came back three,
dialog: four times, but always alone and
dialog: just to eat.
text: Mary shakes her head in puzzlement.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You mean she just came here, rented
dialog: the room, locked it, and left?
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: Yes -- and pays the rent every
dialog: month.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Could you let me see that room? If
dialog: it is hers, there might be
dialog: something there to help me find my
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: ROMARI
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No -- the rent in paid. The lady
dialog: asked us to promise, I wouldn't
text: open the door.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Please.
text: Romari shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (turning to Mrs. Romari,
dialog: pleading)
dialog: It's important
text: Mrs. Romari looks at her kindly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. UPPER HALLWAY - DAUTE - DAY
text: Mary and the Romaris. It is a bleak hallway with a narrow
text: strip of worn carpet running down the exact middle of the
text: floor space. A picture of St. Francis of Assisi, surrounded
text: by fluttering white birds, hangs on the wall, a little bit
text: askew. Mrs. Romari and Mary stand near the stairway railing,
text: with the pigeon in close attendance on Mrs. Romari. Romari,
text: with a toolbox at his feet, is at the door, on which is the
text: number "7". He has taken off the bottom hinge and is now
text: striking a last few blows to remove the pin from the top
dialog: hinge.
text: As he works, a girl -- Mimi -- crosses in the background from
text: one hallway door to another. She is a tall, thin blonde and
text: is wearing a faded bathrobe. She has a handkerchief over her
text: lips, and is coughing dismally. She closes the door behind
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ROMARI
dialog: Fo come ti pare. To desiderare
dialog: sempre di vedere che cosa c'era in
dialog: quella stanza.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (turning to Mrs. Romari)
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: (translating)
dialog: He says he always wanted to see the
text: inside of that room anyway.
text: The top hinge comes off. Mr. Romari opens the door, and the
text: three press forward.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUELINE'S ROOM - DAY
text: The CAMERA IS SHOOTING OVER the shoulders and PAST the half
text: lost profiles of Mary and the Romaris, as they look into the
text: room. It is a room that is empty except for two objects. From
text: a pipe overhead is suspended a hangman's noose and beneath it
text: stands a little gilt chair. There is nothing else.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DANTE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT of Jason Hoag. He is standing shyly beside the
text: coffee machine while Mr. Romari draws a cup of the coffee.
text: Jason watches Romari while he pulls the various levers,
text: releases the clouds of steam and finally pulls out the little
text: demi—tass and puts it on a little tray. While Jason watches,
text: he listens to conversation going on nearby.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I tell you, young lady, when a
dialog: thing like this comes up, you've
dialog: got to go to the police. What do
dialog: you think people pay taxes for? I
dialog: ain't just to keep us chasing after
text: crooks and regulating traffic.
dialog: We're supposed to help everybody.
dialog: You gotto go to the police about
dialog: your sister, Miss.
text: Romari starts out of scene with the little cup of coffee. The
text: CAMERA PANS with him as he brings the coffee to Mary who is
text: seated with Mrs. Romari at one of the tables under the mural.
text: A policeman stands beside them. The policeman is in a heavy
text: blue sweater, with his coat over his arm, his uniform cap on
text: the back of his belt and all the metal weight of his
text: impedimenta can be seen hanging from his belt, handcuffs,
text: revolver, billy, etc. Jason comes hesitantly into the scene.
text: He addresses the policeman.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I've had some experience with the
dialog: Bureau of Missing Persons
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Yeah -- well, Mr. Hoag, lost
dialog: persons are the concern of the
dialog: Missing Persons Bureau.
speaker_heading: ROMARI
dialog: You're a poet, Jason. You stick to
dialog: your poetry.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: In a way that makes everything my
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (a little hesitantly to
dialog: Jason)
dialog: Were you going to make a
dialog: suggestion?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes. I was going to tell you to
dialog: look into your own heart -- do you
dialog: really want to find your sister?
text: Mary looks affronted. Mrs. Romari bursts out laughing in rich
dialog: good humor.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: Ah, my Jason -- always laughing --
dialog: always trying to help others.
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: He's a good boy, Miss -- he just
dialog: talks that way.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (with a little smile to
dialog: Mary)
dialog: I'm a good boy, but no one listens
dialog: to what I say.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: You do what I tell you, young lady,
dialog: and go to the Missing Persons
dialog: Bureau for your sister.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (turning from Jason to the
dialog: policeman and starting to
dialog: rise)
dialog: If you'll give me the address.
scene_heading: INT. BUREAU OF MISSING PERSONS - DAY
text: FULL SHOT. A long counter divides the room in half. On one
text: side are the filing cabinets, records, and office equipment
text: used by the policemen who service this heartbreak house.
text: Behind the desk, protected by steel wickets, sit half a dozen
dialog: policemen taking down dates.
text: CAMERA DOLLIES SLOWLY FORWARD parallel to the counter. As it
text: moves along, we hear the voice of the petitioners describing
dialog: their loved ones.
text: The same flat, unemotional professional voice seems to ask
text: the routine questions at each of the different wickets.
speaker_heading: FIRST VOICE (A MAN)
dialog: She was only sixteen --
speaker_heading: FIRST POLICEMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Had she ever run away before?
speaker_heading: SECOND POLICEMAN'S VOICE
dialog: What did he have on when last seen?
speaker_heading: SECOND VOICE (A WOMAN)
dialog: (tearfully)
text: He went out without his hat or his
dialog: coat. It's very cold for such an
dialog: old man -—
scene_heading: THIRD POLICEMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Any identifying marks or
dialog: characteristics, scars,
dialog: amputations, tattoo marks, speech
dialog: impediments?
speaker_heading: THIRD VOICE (A MAN)
dialog: No, none.
text: CAMERA DOLLIES UP to the	last wicket where Mary stands.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Any further details?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: She sold her business about eight
dialog: months ago to Mrs. Esther Redi.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: What relation are you to the
dialog: missing person?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Sister.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Sign here.
text: Mary starts to sign.
text: REVERSE ANGLE - on the other side of the wicket. Two men
text: stand in the f.g., but not together. In the b.g. we see
text: Mary's back as she signs the police report. The man in the
text: center is Paul Radeau, a big man with iron-gray hair. He
text: appears entirely oblivious of everything around him. The
text: second man is Irving August, a skip-trace artist.
text: His derby is dulled by the mists of many winters, and his
text: dark eyes are fastened upon Mary. It is obvious that he has
text: been listening as she made out her report. Mary finishes
text: signing the report and turns away from the wicket. She takes
text: scarcely more than a single step when she finds herself
text: confronted by Irving August, who smiles at her.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: I'm Irving August, private
dialog: investigator. I think I can help
dialog: you. Here's my card.
text: He produces a business card which he hands to Mary. Mary
text: takes the card and glances at it as August continues.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: The name may not mean anything to
dialog: you, young lady, but say the word
dialog: and I'll have your sister for you
dialog: in forty-eight hours.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: You can?
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: (gesturing expansively)
dialog: Look, sister', Manhattan is only
dialog: nine miles long and four and one
dialog: half miles wide. I ain't never been
dialog: off it. I know it like you know
dialog: your own back yard. You get me a
dialog: small retainer --say fifty bucks,
dialog: and I'll get your sister for you. I
dialog: guarantee
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I haven't any money but I'll get a
dialog: job and --
text: Irving August's enthusiasm vanishes.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: Lady, this kind of work costs
dialog: money. I got to cover all the
dialog: hospitals, the morgue -- that's the
dialog: first place you got to go and it
dialog: ain't pleasant -- the morgue -—
text: He finishes his speech by shaking his head. Mary turns away
text: and goes out of scene. August is standing, staring
text: disgustedly after her when a hand touches him on the shoulder
text: and he turns to face Paul Radeau.
speaker_heading: RADEAU
dialog: You know who I am, August?
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: (suddenly tense
dialog: and cautious)
dialog: Sure I do.
speaker_heading: RADEAU
dialog: Then you know that if I give you a
dialog: little advice, it'll be good
dialog: advice.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: Yeah —- sure.
speaker_heading: RADEAU
dialog: That girl was looking for
dialog: Jacqueline Gibson. I'd forget it if
dialog: I were you.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: Okay, Mr. Radeau, it's forgot.
text: Radeau nods appreciatively and goes ponderously away. Irving
text: August watches him go, his eyes sharp with avarice and
text: suspicion. With quick steps, August crosses to the wicket
dialog: where Mary had given her report.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: Hey, Danny, get me the file on
dialog: Jacqueline Gibson, will you?
text: The policeman turns to the file.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT. BELLEVUE HOSPITAL MOHMJE - DAY
text: The bulwarks and gangplank are in the f.g. The street and
text: wharf at river level. Beyond that there are the sidewalk and
text: the two doors leading into the morgue. The river is not seen,
text: although the sound of tugboat and barge whistles comes o.s.
text: The street and sidewalk are wet, as if a drizzling rain had
text: recently fallen, One of these doors is open and from it comes
text: a procession of dock workers carrying cheap pine coffins. The
text: other door is closed, Above both doors are printed the words:
scene_heading: NEW YORK CITY MORGUE
text: Over the door from which the pine boxes are being taken is
dialog: another legend carved into the stone:
text: HE CALLETH ALL HIS CHILDREN BY THEIR NAME.
text: Out of the second door Mary emerges. Her face is white and
text: drawn. With a shudder she wraps her coat about her and starts
text: walking, bracing herself against the fresh, cold gusts of
text: wind blowing from the river. A barge whistle sounds o.s.
text: dismally.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT RECEPTION ROOM - FORTESCUE, HOLLOWAY & WARD - DAY
text: MED. SHOT Mary Gibson and Miss Summers, the receptionist,
text: Miss Summers wears horn—rimmed glasses and a oriijp white
text: shirtwaist. In front of her is a plaque with the inscription:
dialog: 
scene_heading: FORTESCUE, HOLLOWAY & WARD
scene_heading: ADMIRALTY LAWYERS
text: Miss Summers is reading questions from a form reception pad
dialog: and filling out the answers.
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
dialog: Whom do you wish to see?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mr. Gregory Ward, please.
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
dialog: And what is it about, Miss Gibson?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (her voice almost a
dialog: whisper)
dialog: A personal matter —— I was given
dialog: Mr. Ward's name --
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
dialog: May I ask who gave you his name?
text: Mary thinks a moment, and as she thinks all the horror of her
text: trip to the morgue and what she has seen	is reflected in
text: her face and voice.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: The morgue ——
text: Miss Summers looks up at her in surprise, but already Mary is
text: beginning to faint. As she crumples, we IRIS OUT.
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY WARD'S PRIVATE OFFICE - DAY
text: IRIS IN on a CLOSEUP of Mary's face as seen through a
text: glass of water which she is sipping, Gregory Ward is holding
text: the glass and over the shot we hear his voice.
speaker_heading: GREGORY'S VOICE
dialog: Do you feel all right?
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Gregory Ward seated beside Mary,
text: who is reclining on a couch in his office. He is a man in his
text: middle thirties, handsome and well—dressed in a quietly,
text: professional way. He takes the glass away from Mary's lips
text: and passes it to Miss Summers who is beside him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I feel like an idiot —— fainting in
text: a stranger's office.
text: Miss Summers, with a considerate look to see that Mary is all
text: right, starts out of the room with the glass of water.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We're not exactly strangers, Mary.
dialog: Jacqueline spoke about you often. I
dialog: suppose she told you about me,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No...At the morgue they told me a
dialog: Mr. Gregory Ward had made inquiries
dialog: about Jacqueline.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: The Morgue? No wonder you fainted.
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: I wish you had come to me first.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then you know where Jacqueline is?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (shakes his head
dialog: negatively)
dialog: But I'd give a great deal to know.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (spunkily)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I love your sister, Mary. I love
dialog: her very much.
text: There is a little silence while Mary looks at him steadily,
text: then she half smiles. He leans over and pats her hand.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's easy to understand now, isn't
dialog: it?
text: Mary nods.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
text: (speaking in a low voice,
dialog: almost as if to himself)
dialog: A man would look anywhere for her,
dialog: Mary. There is something exciting
dialog: and unforgettable about her -—
dialog: something you never get hold of —-
dialog: something that keeps a man
text: following after her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Because I loved Jacqueline I
dialog: thought I knew her. Today I found
dialog: out such strange things
dialog: ——frightening things. I saw a
dialog: hangman's noose that she had
dialog: hanging -— waiting —— I feel as if
dialog: I'd never known her.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: At least I can explain that, Mary.
dialog: Your sister had a feeling about
dialog: life —— that it wasn't worth living
dialog: unless one could end it. I helped
dialog: her get that room.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Weren't you afraid?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Afraid she might commit suicide?
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: People who commit suicide don't
dialog: talk about it. That room made her
dialog: happy in some strange way I
dialog: couldn't understand. She lived in a
dialog: world of her own fancy. She didn't
dialog: always tell the truth. In fact -—
dialog: I'm afraid she didn't know what the
dialog: truth was.
text: (he pauses for a moment,
dialog: and looks at Mary)
dialog: There were many things about
dialog: Jacqueline I didn't understand, and
dialog: yet, without understanding, I had
dialog: to be with her —— to see her —— to
dialog: touch her —— in order to be happy.
dialog: It's hard to explain to a
dialog: youngster.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (a little
dialog: sharply)
dialog: I'm not a youngster. I can
dialog: understand.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: The colors returning to your
dialog: cheeks. You look as if you were
dialog: coming back to life. Are you sure
dialog: you didn't faint because you were
dialog: hungry?
text: Mary looks astonished, and then laughs to herself.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You know...I didn't have lunch.
text: He looks at his wristwatch, and chuckles.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's nearly six. Time for dinner,
dialog: I'd say.
text: He extends his hand to her to help her up. She takes it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT CHATSWORTH HOTEL FOR WOMEN - NIGHT
text: DOLLY SHOT of Mary and Gregory Ward as they come up along the
text: street in front of the hotel. There is a very heavy mist and
text: Ward carries an umbrella.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thank you. It was a lovely dinner.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: But I reel guilty.
dialog: It doesn't seem right for me to
dialog: enjoy myself with Jacqueline gone.
text: Gregory looks at her.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You can't make it your life's
dialog: work looking for Jacqueline.
dialog: (with a smile) )
dialog: You'll have to do other things...
dialog: live...get some enjoyment out of
dialog: life. I hope you'll let me help
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Thank you.. .goodnight.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Goodnight, Mary.
text: He tips his hat and turns away, as she starts in to the
dialog: hotel.
scene_heading: TNT LOBBY CHATSWORTH HOTEL - NIGHT
text: It is a conventional hotel lobby. Mary comes in, and as she
text: crosses the lobby, flrving August rises from a straight back
text: chair set against a pillar, and comes to meet her.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: I've been waitin' for you Miss
dialog: Gibson. I want you to know I've
dialog: decided to take your case.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mr. August, I'm not at all sure -
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Look. Don't say a word. I've taken
dialog: an interest in you and I'm willin'
dialog: to put up my time to help you.
dialog: Besides, I think I know where to
dialog: find your sister.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: Wait a minute.
dialog: This has got a lot of angles.
dialog: You've got to take it easy. Do you
dialog: know a Mrs. Redi?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes. She bought my sister's
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: That's what she told you. I looked
dialog: it up at the Hall of Records. Your
dialog: sister deeded her the business as
text: an outright girt.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why would Mrs. Redi lie to me?
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: That's what I tried to find
dialog: out.	I went to La Jeunesse ——
dialog: (he mispronounces as badly
dialog: as he can)
dialog: -- used a phony health inspector's
dialog: badge —— they let me go through the
dialog: works -- all but one room. That
dialog: room was locked. I'd like to see
text: the inside of that room.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You think my sister is there?
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: You can't tell.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Can we go there now?
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: Sister, you can't just go breaking
dialog: into places. There's a night
text: watchman down there and locks on
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If my sister's in that room, it
dialog: won't make any difference about
dialog: warrants- and things, I want to go
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: I don't know if I want to go with
dialog: you or not.
text: Mary starts out and, a little reluctantly, August follows
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR LA JEUNESSE - NIGHT
text: Mary and August come across tho street and look in the
text: windows of the cosmetic company. Only the night lights are
text: burning in the salon. August tries the door rather
text: perfunctorily. He shakes his head, and with Mary, moves on to
text: the side door leading into the passageway. From his pocket he
text: takes a bunch of keys and tries one after another. Finally
text: one key works and the door swings open. Mary stops in ahead
dialog: of August.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY LA JEUNESSE - NIGHT
text: TWO SHOT of Mary and August. August softly closes the door
text: behind him. The street light shines through the glass upper
text: ha-if of the door and invades the dark hallway for a short
text: distance. They walk softly forward to the place where this
text: light ends abruptly in the darkness. Here Mary pauses. August
text: looks at her.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: I don't like this.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Which room is it?
speaker_heading: AUGUST
text: It's the last door at the end of
dialog: this hall.
text: Mary starts forward a step or two, the shadows closing around
text: her until only her face is still in the light. August follows
text: her. She stops and looks off into the darkness.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: You scared?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No.
text: They stand a moment in silence.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You could go on, Mr. August.
dialog: You could open the door. I'd stay
dialog: right here.
text: August shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's only a little way, Mr. August.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: I'd like to get out of here.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No.
text: They stand again silently looking down the dark corridor.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: We can't stand here all night.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You could go and open the door.
speaker_heading: AUGUST
dialog: Listen ——
text: Realizing the futility of argument, he breaks off what he was
text: going to say, shrugs, and starts down the dark passage. Mary
text: watches him and retreats a stop or two toward the street in
text: order to have the comforting light around her again. She
text: stands there while August's footsteps recede in the darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE OF THE SALON - NIGHT
text: A night watchman, an old man wearing a worn corduroy Norfolk
text: jacket and a battered hat, with his time clock hanging from a
text: broad strap around his neck, comes out of a neighboring
text: store, a flower shop. He carefully closes the door behind him
text: and goes to the entrance of La Jeunesse. From a key ring
text: hanging from the leather clock strap he selects one key and
text: begins to open the door.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT
text: Mary still stands in the patch of light near the doorway.
text: Abreast of her is the doorway leading from the hall to the
text: salon. Through the glass upper half of the door, she sees a
text: gleam of light in the other room and tiptoes up to the door
text: and looks out.
scene_heading: EXT. SALON LA JEUNESSE - NIGHT
text: From Mary's angle, shooting through the window, can be soon
text: the night watchman, the beam of his flashlight coursing ahead
text: of him as he makes his way to a time clock. Ho rings in his
dialog: clock.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT — Mary, nervous and apprehensive, looks
text: through at the night watchman. She makes a decision and
text: starts off along the hallway to warn August. She disappears
text: in the blackness of the unlit portion of the hallway.
text: REVERSE SHOT. At the far end of the hallway the illuminated
text: square of the street door can be seen, and the little patch
text: of light near it Nearer the CAMERA a broad streak of light
text: from a partially open door is between the darkness and the
text: CAMERA. Mary comes out of tho darkness and into this light.
text: At the same moment, August comes out of the partially opened
text: door, blocking out the light for a minute. His shadow goes
text: ahead of him - contorted and strange. He stands a moment
text: before Mary; both of his hands clenched tightly against his
text: stomach. She speaks to him in a whisper.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mr. August -- the night watchman
text: August makes no answer, but starts walking blindly, swaying a
text: little, toward the street door. Mary goes with him, walking
text: at his side, trying to peer into his face.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: The night watchman -- he is in the
dialog: salon.
text: Still August pays no attention.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mr. August, what is it? What's the
dialog: matter?
text: There is no answer. Ho continues to walk in the same jerky,
text: pain—gripped fashion, slowly and unsteadily, toward the
text: light. They are engulfed in the darkness.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - August and Mary from the street angle, as
text: they come out of the darkness. Mary is very agitated and
text: worried. August still continues to plod blindly forward. Mary
text: reaches out to touch his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mr. August --
text: Her hand touches his shoulder. Almost as if unable to bear
text: this trifling weight, he collapses suddenly at her foot. She
text: looks down.
text: CLOSEUP of Irving August's arm on the floor. It is sprawled
text: awkwardly out The sleeve is darkly stained, and there is a
text: widening stain of blood upon the floor. Mary's slippered foot
text: step back so that the blood will not touch her.
text: Mary screams. The narrow hallway rings, echoes and reechoes
text: with the sound.
text: Mary runs wildly toward the door, fumbles with the knob and
text: pulls it brusquely open. As she does so, the beam of the
text: night watchman's searchlight comes in from the loft. O.S. a
text: wild bell starts to ring madly as Mary bolts in panic.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF LA JEUNESSE - NIGHT
text: Mary comes out of tin deer and starts running down the
text: street. Behind her the lights of both the hall and the salon
text: blaze. The bell rings o.s. she looks ever her shoulder and
text: continues running.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Mary, still running, comes down the street. She looks back
text: for a moment and then goes down the stairs to the subway.
text: The CAMERA REMAINS on the subway entrance a moment so that it
text: can be clearly seen that this entrance is marked:
scene_heading: FOURTEENTH STREET
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT
text: It is late, and this particular car is almost empty. There is
text: Mary, .sitting huddled in one corner under the map of the
text: route which the I.R.T. so thoughtfully provides. Mary sits,
text: still and white, obviously shaken. Her coat collar is drawn
text: protectively against her throat. Opposite her are a pair of
text: young lovers, their hands clasped, who look blissfully into
text: each others eyes.
text: The conductor comes shambling into the car. He leeks at Mary
text: and takes a step toward her, teetering on practiced tees,
text: disdaining the overhead strap.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: You know where you're going, lady?
text: Mary nods.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: You've been to the end of the line
dialog: and back again -- hope you enjoyed
dialog: the ride.
text: He passes on. Mary looks after him, frightened. As he reaches
text: the end of the car, the subway train begins to come to a
text: step. The two lovers get up, their hands still tightly
dialog: clasped.
text: INSERT A SIGN reading:	"14TH STREET"
text: BACK TO SCENE. The train comes to a stop. Mary glances up.
text: The subway door glides open. The two lovers sidle crab-wise
text: through it, never relinquishing their clasps on each other's
text: hands, and through this same door come three men, three
text: convivial drunks.
text: GROUP SHOT of the three drunks as they seat themselves
text: opposite Mary. The middle drunk carries the heaviest load.
text: The ether two support him, laughing and rearing as they make
text: him comfortable between them. All three wear top hats and
text: dark overcoats The hat of tin man in the middle is tilted
text: over one eye.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Mary as she looks at the three men across
text: from her. Over this shot comes the sound of the subway train
dialog: stopping.
text: THREE SHOT of the three men. One of them leans across the
text: supposedly drunken man between them to offer a light for the
text: ether's cigarette. The man in the middle lolls awkwardly,
text: swaying- between them.
text: CLOSEUP of Mary as she stares at the man in the middle. Some
text: familiar chord of memory is touched in her mind.
text: THREE SHOT of the three men. . The car jolts and the hat
text: slides off the middle man's head. We see that the man is
text: Irving August, and that he is dead. One of the men quickly
text: reaches down, picks up the hat and puts it back on August's
dialog: head.
text: CLOSEUP of Mary. Her fear is confirmed. Looking around her
text: cautiously, she gets up and starts down the aisle. At the end
text: of the car she leeks back.
text: FULL SHOT - the three men sitting at the opposite end of the
text: car. One of the men is whispering to the other man pointing
dialog: to Mary.
text: FULL SHOT of Mary as she quickly opens the door and goes into
text: the next car. She walks down the length of the car. A man is
text: sleeping. She shakes his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Please --- please ——
text: The man only mutters something in his sleep. Mary continues
text: down the car's length to where a drunken girl sits, her head
dialog: lolling.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I want your help, please.
text: The drunken woman merely looks at her blankly. The cars are
text: coming to a stop again. The door opens and the conductor
text: comes through. Mary seizes his arm.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: These men in there —— don't let
dialog: them get out.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: What's the matter now?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: One of them has been murdered!
text: The conductor looks at her dubiously. The cars have come to a
text: stop. He looks into the next car and then glances down at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: (crossly)
dialog: What men?
text: Mary turns and looks back toward the car she just left.
text: LONG SHOT of the car as Mary sees it. It is completely
dialog: deserted.
text: TWO SHOT	- Mary and the conductor. The subway train is
text: starting to move again.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But they were there.
text: The conductor looks at her and merely observes.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT. REVOLVING DOORS OF COOPER BUILDING - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of a newspaper vender calling:
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Wuxtra! Murder! Murder! Read all
dialog: about it!
text: He is standing directly in front of the revolving doors and
text: behind him, through the glass of the doorway, we can see Mary
text: waiting, her face anxious and strained as she peers out onto
text: the street. A constant stream of passersby goes by the
text: building. Out of this stream Gregory Ward emerges, goes
text: through the revolving doors, and we see him met by Mary, who
text: begins excitedly to talk to him. He shakes his head, takes
text: her arm and walks her off.
scene_heading: INT COFFEE COUNTER — DAY
text: This is a very small counter and stand with a few tables near
text: the window -- the sort of restaurant that is open only for
text: breakfast and lunch and is patronized by office workers who
text: can content themselves with a sandwich and a cup of coffee.
text: The scene opens on the newsboy as he comes into the
text: restaurant and goes up to the counter. The waiter behind the
text: counter buys a paper and brings it with an order of one cup
text: of coffee and a glass of milk to Mary and Ward, who are
text: sitting at a small table. The newsboy goes on outside and
text: over the scene from time to time we hear his voice crying,
dialog: "Murder! Read all about it!"
text: Gregory Ward takes the glass of milk and slides it down the
text: counter in front of Mary. He opens up the paper and scans it
text: carefully. Mary watches him anxiously, and turns to him.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: This is about another murder —— a
dialog: woman at Fifty Second Street
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But you do believe me?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (after a little pause)
dialog: The important thing is, the
dialog: police won't believe you.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I saw him on the floor. He
dialog: was cut -—
dialog: (indicates her own belly)
dialog: --here. The blood was running out.
dialog: He was dead. I'm sure of it.
dialog: Then on the subway I saw him ——
text: white —— and the men holding him up
dialog: between them.
text: Gregory takes a sip of his coffee and speaks gently, but
text: unable to hide his disbelief.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Yes, of course —— but the police
dialog: would say you'd probably had a bad
dialog: dream.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He was a kind little man in his way
dialog: —— and I made him go down that hall
dialog: into the darkness. I made him do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Drink your milk.
text: Mary looks up, startled at this note of command.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't like to be ordered to
dialog: do anything.
text: Gregory looks at her for a moment.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't intend to
dialog: treat you like a child.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But you have treated me that
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I won't do it again. We're friends.
dialog: I'll never order you about again.
text: He puts out his hand and Mary takes it.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: However, I won't say that I'll
dialog: not take charge occasionally,
dialog: and I'm going to take charge
dialog: new. I've a job for you.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: A job?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You told me you were pretty good
dialog: with youngsters. Today I bumped
dialog: into an old friend of mine, Mrs.
dialog: Wheeler She runs a settlement
dialog: house down in the Village and is
text: looking for a kindergarten teacher.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'd like that.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's not much money, but it's
dialog: enough to live on. You'd have to
dialog: move out of that hotel and into a
dialog: furnished room.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Maybe the Romaris might have
text: a room. They seem nice.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: The people at the restaurant?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes.
text: Gregory starts getting up, looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: If you want, I've time to take you
dialog: down to see Mrs. Wheeler right now.
text: Mary gets up. They stay for a moment while he gets change out
text: of his pocket and gives it to the counter man.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION R0OM - FORTESQUE, HOLLOWAY AND WARD OFFICE- DAY
text: A dark, handsome man with bold, insolent eyes lounges
text: carelessly before the reception desk. Miss Summers puts down
text: the phone and smiles up at him.
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
dialog: Mr. Ward will see you in just a
dialog: few minutes. Won't you wait, Dr.
dialog: Judd?
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: Thank you.
text: He takes out his cigarette case, selects a cigarette, but has
text: no matches. Miss Summers gives him her lighter. He lights his
text: cigarette and crosses the room to sit down on the waiting
text: room couch. Throughout the scene he toys with the lighter in
text: his hand. Miss Summers looks across et him for a moment, and
text: then, after a little hesitancy, she speaks.
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
dialog: Dr. Judd?
text: Judd looks up.
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
dialog: Are you Dr. Louis Judd?
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
dialog: I read your book. The one in
dialog: which you wrote about the cure
dialog: for drinking.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: You're not a dipsomaniac at your
dialog: age?
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
dialog: No. It's my father -- I wanted to
dialog: talk to you -- you wrote about
dialog: cures --
text: Judd silences her by raising his hand.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: I'm sorry. I don't practice any
dialog: more. I find it easier to write
dialog: about mental illness and leave the
dialog: cure of it to others.
text: The buzzer sounds and Miss Summers brings the phone receiver
text: to her ear.
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
dialog: (looking up from the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Mr. Ward is free now, Doctor.
text: Judd gets up and saunters toward the door.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: (as he walks)
dialog: There are any number of other
dialog: psychiatrists who can help your
dialog: father -- dipsomania is rather
dialog: sordid.
text: He smiles charmingly at her, and deliberately pockets her
dialog: lighter.
speaker_heading: MISS SUMMERS
text: (as he goes through the
dialog: door, disappointment in
dialog: her voice)
dialog: Thank you.
text: She reaches for a cigarette, then realizes that Judd has
text: usurped her lighter. With a blank expression, she turns and
text: looks at the closed door.
scene_heading: INT. GREGORY WARD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Dr. Judd comes in and walks calmly across the room.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: (as he crosses)
dialog: I've come from Jacqueline. She
dialog: needs money.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I thought you told me you didn't
dialog: know where she was.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: (sprawling into)
dialog: (a chair)
dialog: I didn't. She came to me a few days
dialog: ago. To put it delicately her care
dialog: imposes a financial burden upon me.
dialog: She thought you might lighten that
dialog: burden.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: If Jacqueline wants money she
dialog: can come to me herself.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: I'm afraid she can't do that,
dialog: Ward. It would endanger her.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: What sort of danger?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I'd like to tell you. I would tell
dialog: you, but I'm fond of Jacqueline, I
dialog: don't want her to run any risks.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: This is nonsense! Unless I know
dialog: where Jacqueline is, and how she
dialog: is, I won't give you any money.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: (almost musingly)
dialog: You're a curious man. You're
dialog: willing to jeopardize Jacqueline's
dialog: life in order to satisfy your own
dialog: curiosity.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You come to me with some wild story
dialog: about her being in danger -
dialog: naturally I want to know what kind
dialog: of danger. I want to know where she
dialog: is.
text: Gregory Ward rises and starts around the desk toward Dr.
dialog: Judd.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's not just for myself I'm
dialog: asking. Her sister is here. The
dialog: kid's half crazy with anxiety.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: As a man, you distrust me —-
dialog: perhaps you believe me as a
dialog: physician.
text: Judd looks coolly at Gregory and Gregory nods grudgingly.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: Well, then I can tell you that in
dialog: addition to other dangers, there is
dialog: a grave danger of Jacqueline losing
dialog: her sanity. I would advise against
dialog: you seeing her.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: But why? She's been ill --erratic,
dialog: but I've never heard of anything
dialog: like that!
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I told you I was speaking as her
dialog: physician -- not as anything
dialog: else -- You can believe me or
dialog: not, just as you choose.
text: Gregory looks at him a moment, then turns and sits down in
text: his chair with an air of resignation.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: How much does she want?
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: She could use a hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (making a motion toward
dialog: his desk)
dialog: I'll give you a check.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: She can only use cash.
text: Ward takes out a billfold and examines its contents.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I haven't got that much in cash.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: How much have you got?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
text: About forty-five dollars.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: For the time being, I imagine
dialog: that must do.
text: Ward, frowning, hands over the money reluctantly.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Tell me, how is Jacqueline?
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Oh, as beautiful as ever.
text: Judd starts for the door.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: But tell me --
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: She's nervous, naturally, under
dialog: the circumstances.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: What circumstances?
text: Judd has reached the door. He turns and grins.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD
dialog: You know that I can't tell you.
text: He starts to open the door, pauses and looks back.
speaker_heading: DR. JUDD (CONT'D)
text: (insolently, with the door
dialog: half open)
dialog: As her physician and I am speaking
dialog: as her friend now, too, I warn you
dialog: that it would be extremely
dialog: dangerous to attempt to see her.
text: The door closes behind Judd. Ward stands for a moment looking
text: at the closed door, then crosses resolutely to a halltree in
text: the corner, takes his hat and coat and strides out.
scene_heading: INT. DAY NURSERY CLASSROOM - DAY
text: It is the rest hour and the children are lying in a neat row
text: on the floor, each wrapped in his own little blanket. In the
text: middle of the row, one black-haired little girl keeps poking
text: up her head to watch Mary and Gregory Ward. Ward, with his
text: overcoat on, and hat in hand, is seated on the corner of
text: Mary's desk, his back to the children, talking to her. Mary
text: sits at her desk watching.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What brought you down here, Greg?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (a little evasively)
dialog: Oh, I had business with a man...
dialog: but I missed him -—
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well, I'm glad you came to see me.
text: The little girl in the center of the room sits up.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Can I wake up now, Miss Gibson?
speaker_heading: NARY
dialog: You first have to go to sleep,
dialog: Nancy. Then you can wake up.
dialog: (to Gregory)
dialog: We'll have to talk quietly.
text: Ward turns to look around the bright, sunny room.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Happy here?
text: Mary nods.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Everything has turned out so well
dialog: for me - - I have a nice job
dialog: -- friends - - except the one thing
dialog: I came to New York for - -to find
dialog: Jacqueline --
text: Gregory nods.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's not knowing that makes it so
dialog: hard. This way, whenever I walk
dialog: along the streets I think I see
dialog: her. I see some woman,
text: peer into her face and find a
dialog: stranger. I dream of her at
dialog: night. It's terrible to say --
dialog: but if she were dead it would
dialog: be easier. There would be
dialog: some certainty about it.
text: Ward patiently pats her shoulder, and looks at her with
text: understanding and sympathy. They face each other for a moment
text: In the b.g. Nancy again rises from her neat fold of blanket.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Miss Gibson, I'm tired of resting.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Sh-h-h Nancy. The other children.
text: Nancy gives her a dirty look and subsides.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (turning)
dialog: (back to Ward)
dialog: What have you done about Irving
dialog: August?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (a little guiltily)
dialog: Oh, I'm making investigations.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You've never believed a word I
dialog: told you about Mr. August.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Look, Mary, now that I know you
dialog: better, I think I can be more frank
dialog: with you. I don't believe you. I
dialog: still can't understand the reason
dialog: for such a wild tale. It's like
dialog: some of Jacqueline's stories.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Greg, it isn't a wild tale. It's
dialog: true. If there were only some way --
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: There is a very simple way.
dialog: Got a telephone book?
text: Mary reaches into her desk drawer and pulls out the New York
text: telephone directory. He takes it and thumbs through it
text: rapidly, then dials. While he is doing this, Nancy pokes up
text: her head again.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Is it fifteen minutes yet?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, Nancy.	You've got to sleep two
dialog: more minutes.
text: Nancy lets herself relax on the hard floor in quiet
text: desperation. By this time Ward has finished dialing his
text: number. Someone has evidently answered.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: May I speak to Mr. Irving August?
text: From the telephone comes the sound of unintelligible
text: conversation in an explanatory note. Ward listens, frowning.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'm very sorry. Thank you..
text: He hangs up the receiver and turns to Mary.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You were right. Irving August
text: has been missing for three weeks.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. DAY NURSERY - DAY
text: Mary is saying good-bye to the children. They are being
text: called for by their mothers. Most of the women are Italian,
dialog: Irish, Bohemian or Jewish New York women who collect their
text: offspring and move out with them through the little wicket
text: gate. The children are carrying bits of childish craft which
dialog: they have manufactured during the day - paper baskets,
text: crayola drawings. Each of the children shows off what he has
text: done during the day to his fond mama.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: Mama, see. Miss Gibson helped
dialog: me. It's a table.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Beautiful. We show it to papa
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: SECOND MOTHER
dialog: Did Michele eat her soup today?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: She's been an angel.
text: A little boy comes running out of the building. He is the
dialog: last and is late.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Mama. Wait for me.
text: The drop seat of his little suit is hanging open. Mary runs
dialog: after him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Angelo. Wait.
text: She catches up with him, buttons his suit, gives him a
text: playful pat on the bottom, and he runs after the others. Mary
text: turns to re—enter the nursery when Mrs. Wheeler comes out.
text: Mrs. Wheeler is a middle—aged woman with a generous, benign
text: smile on her face.
speaker_heading: MRS. WHEELER
dialog: Well, Mary, aren't you the popular
dialog: one. You've a visitor again.
text: Mary turns to walk toward the building with Mrs. Wheeler.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mr. Ward?
speaker_heading: MRS. WHEELER
dialog: No, not this time. It's a
dialog: gentleman called Judd -- Dr. Judd.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't know anyone by that
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: MRS. WHEELER
dialog: He asked for you, my dear.
text: The two women go beck into the building.
scene_heading: TNT. DAY NURSERY CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Judd, wearing a dark overcoat and carrying his hat, is
text: walking up and down. The door opens and Mary comes in.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Dr. Judd?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Yes, Miss Gibson. I've come
dialog: to take you to your sister.
text: Mary stops, startled, and looks at him. He smiles.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Don't be so amazed. It's a very
dialog: ordinary matter. I'm Jacqueline's
dialog: physician... Mr. Ward told me
dialog: you were in town and Jacqueline
dialog: has sent me to bring you to her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You know where she is?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (smiling even more
dialog: broadly)
dialog: If I didn't know where she was,
dialog: could I take you to her? Get your
dialog: hat and coat. We haven't much time.
text: He starts for the door, stumbles over a toy. Mary looks down
text: at his feet. He catches the glance.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: It's my cloven hoof. It trips
dialog: me up sometimes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Cloven hoof?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Yes. You know the devil and all his
text: minions are marked that way.
text: Mary looks at him in astonishment as they exit through the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. FOYER FLANDERS APTS. - DAY
text: This is a marble, gilt, and plaster horror of the General
text: Grant rococo period. Glass and gilt iron doors give entrance
text: to the hallway, which is floored with soiled marble slabs. At
text: either side of the hall twin stairs rise to the apartments
text: above, going upward with an accompaniment of gilt iron
text: handrails. Some mail boxes, a worn velvet bench, and moth
dialog: eaten moose head complete this charming and delicate
dialog: interior.
text: A young woman is laboriously getting a baby carriage out from
text: under one of the stairways and stowing her infant safely in
text: its wicker hold. She has tucked him In, steered the carriage
text: out from behind the stairway, and is crossing the hallway
text: when the door opens to admit Judd and Mary.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (holding the door open for
dialog: Mary)
text: It's amid such marble splendors as
dialog: these that Jacqueline dwells.
text: Mary looks around.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: You can take either stairway --
dialog: I prefer the left —- the sinister
dialog: side.
text: They go toward the left and start ascending the left
dialog: stairway.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY IN FRONT OF JUDD'S APT-	AFTERNOON
text: Mary and Judd come up the stairs. Judd is fumbling for a key.
text: He goes to his door, inserts the key, twists it and swings
text: the door open, allowing Mary to precede him.
scene_heading: INT. JUDD'S APT. - LATE AFTERNOON
text: It is a cheap, furnished apartment. An Aubusson carpet is on
text: the floor. The furniture is Grand Rapids Sheraton and the
text: pictures on the wall are representative of hotel art at its
text: worst, colored prints showing French canals, poplar trees and
text: old towers. An incongruous picture, however, a huge chrome in
text: an ornate fretwork frame dominates one wall. This is the
text: famous picture of the guardian angel which shows a little
text: child, gowned in white, who is about to fall over a precipice
text: wore it not for the benign hand of her guardian angel, a
text: figure complete with white robe and white wings. Under this
text: picture is a bureau. It has been converted to a writer's
text: needs by the simple expedient of removing one drawer and
text: re—inserting it so that the bottom of the drawer can be used
text: as a base for a typewriter. On this overturned drawer stand a
text: portable typewriter, a box full of paper, some loose
text: manuscript and a marmalade jar full of pencils. Between a
text: pair of bookends are about four volumes with the author's
text: name — Louis Judd — plainly evident on the dust jackets. They
text: are the only books in the room. At the end of the room is a
text: small, useless sort of desk. This has been made into a
text: dressing table by putting a fitted toilet case on top and
text: opening it. Through a double doorway, without doors, can be
text: seen a square cubicle containing an unmade bed. Mary comes
text: into this room and looks around anxiously. Judd follows her,
text: carefully bolts the door behind him and puts it on the chain.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (calling softly)
dialog: (toward bedroom)
dialog: Jacqueline.
text: There is no answer and he strides across the room and looks
text: in. He turns back to Mary.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (with genuine surprise)
text: She's not here. She's gone.
text: Mary looks around her a little apprehensive at the thought of
text: being alone with this stranger. However, his own nervousness
text: at Jacqueline's absence is very genuine. As Mary crosses the
text: room to the desk he continues to talk excitedly.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I don't know why she left. She
dialog: knows she shouldn't have.
text: Mary takes a hand mirror out of the fitted case and holds it
text: up. A big swirling monogram on the back is immediately
text: visible. The letters are: "J. G." Mary puts it down. In a
text: little ash tray beside the dressing case a cigarette is
text: smoldering. Mary points to it. Judd looks at it, then quickly
text: crosses the room to a door obviously leading to a bathroom.
text: He knocks, and receiving no answer, opens it and turns back
text: to the room.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: She's gone. She's left me to
dialog: meet them alone. I can't.
text: Mary stands looking at him, amazed at this sudden transition:
text: the almost palpable fear of this smooth, easy, sneering man.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: What makes you so nervous, Dr.
dialog: Judd. Who are they?
text: Judd pays no attention to her. He walks quickly to the other
text: end of the room, then turns to face her.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I can't stay here. I'll have
dialog: to leave you.
text: Without any further word he strides quickly to the entrance
text: door, fumbles furiously with the chain and lock; opens it and
text: goes out, closing the door behind him.
text: Mary stands in the center of the room, completely at a loss.
text: She turns back to the desk and snuffs out the cigarette
text: thoughtfully. Again she examines the mirror or some other
text: article in the dressing case, As she stands there, looking at
text: her sister's initials, there is a soft knock at the door.
text: Mary crosses the room quickly and opens it.
scene_heading: TNT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE JUDD'S APT. - LATE AFTERNOON
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Jacqueline Gibson, dressed for the street
text: in a mink coat and a smart fur toque to match; an impressive,
text: beautiful, unforgettable woman, stands in this mean hallway.
text: TWO SHOT - Mary and Jacqueline in doorway.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (from doorway)
dialog: Jacqueline!
text: Jacqueline lifts her hand and puts her forefinger stealthily
text: across her lips to indicate silence. They stand facing each
text: other this way for a single, breathing moment. Then suddenly
text: Jacqueline pulls the door shut.
scene_heading: TNT. JUDD'S APT. - LATE AFTERNOON
text: CLOSE SHOT of Mary, surprised and shocked by this sudden
text: move, stands stock—still for half a second. Then she rouses
text: herself. She starts tugging at the door. She gets it open and
text: starts out.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE JUDD'S APT. - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mary comes out into the hall, looks first toward the left
text: stairway. There is no one there.
text: REVERSE SHOT. Apparently Mary looks to the right and again
text: sees that the hallway and the head of the second flight of
text: stairs is empty. She hesitates for a moment and then starts
text: off to the right.
scene_heading: TNT. FLANDERS APT.	STAIRWAY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mary runs down the stairs.
scene_heading: TNT. FOYER - FLANDERS APT. - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mary comes down the stairs. The foyer is empty. She crosses
text: to the other stairs and looks up, sees no one, turns and goes
text: out the street door.
scene_heading: EXT. FLANDERS	APT. - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mary comes out and looks up and down the street. The street
text: is empty except for a few men passing by. She stands for a
text: moment, the wind blowing her skirt against her legs and
text: tugging at her hair. She turns and goes back into the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - FLANDERS APT. - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mary comes in and starts to mount the stairs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY IN FRONT OF JUDD' S AFT.	LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mary comes up to the hallway. The door of the apartment is
text: still open. She turns and enters.
scene_heading: INT. JUDD'S APT. - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mary re—enters the room. She goes over to the dressing table
text: where she had left her purse and picks it up. As she does
text: this something in the mirror attracts her attention, and a
text: look of terror comes into her face. In the mirror can be seen
text: the back of a large chair near the bureau. Over the top of
text: this chair floats a rising column of cigar smoke. Mary turns.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE. A man enters from the left of the scene and
text: seizes Nary's arm. From the armchair another man rises. It is
dialog: Paul Radeau, the man with Irving August at the Missing
dialog: Persons Bureau.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (to Radeau)
dialog: Is this her?
speaker_heading: RADEAU
dialog: Nope.
dialog: (turning to Mary, removing
dialog: his cigar from his mouth)
dialog: Where's Jacqueline Gibson?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: RADEAU
dialog: She was just here. Where's she
dialog: gone?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I tell you I don't know.
speaker_heading: RADEAU
dialog: That's funny. You went out with
dialog: her, came back alone, and don't
dialog: know where she went.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't know.
text: There is a pause while Radeau studies her and Mary's courage
text: comes back to her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why do you want Jacqueline? What
dialog: right have you to question me?
text: Radeau pulls an official looking document from his pocket.
speaker_heading: RADEAU
dialog: Young lady, I've got all the right
dialog: in the world. I'm Paul Radeau,
dialog: private investigator, and I have
dialog: been hired to find your sister by
dialog: her husband, Gregory Ward.
text: CLOSEUP of Mary's face as the full realization of what he has
dialog: said comes to her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (almost in a whisper)
dialog: Husband --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DANTE - NIGHT
text: The restaurant is full, cheerful and noisy with the merry
text: sound of people eating, drinking and talking.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Jason Hoag seated at the feet of Dante. A
text: small quarto volume is opened at his left hand and he is
text: reading as he eats his antipasto. Without looking he takes
text: the last forkful from the plate scrabbles about with his fork
text: for another forkful but finds only emptiness, and he turns
text: his attention from his book to his plate. He puts down his
text: fork and looks off beyond the camera, calling out at the same
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: What ho, wench! Would you keep
dialog: a benighted traveller waiting?
text: REVERSE SHOT - kitchen door. Mrs. Romari, a beaming smile on
text: her face, comes from the kitchen bearing an enormous platter
text: of spaghetti. She weaves her way through the tables, holding
text: the platter high over the heads of the customers. She passes
text: a table at which Mary is seated with Gregory Ward. As it is a
text: wall table, they sit side by side. Both look miserable, their
text: faces averted, Gregory is talking eagerly to Mary's
text: turned—away profile. Mrs. Romari passes them and advances
text: toward the table where Jason sits.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Jason at his table. Mrs. Romari	comes into
text: the scene beaming, puts the platter on the	table before
dialog: Jason.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Jason, my pet ——
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Bella Romari	If I were not
dialog: seated, I would embrace you in
text: three movements like a sonata.
dialog: (in very bad Italian)
dialog: Ah, my wonderful one. Fly with me
dialog: tonight. We will take your coffee
text: machine and live with the gypsies.
text: Mrs. Romari giggles with delight and translates Jason's
text: atrocious Italian to two maiden ladies who are gawking at
text: this unrestrained conversation.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Oh, this funny man.
dialog: (in English)
dialog: He is a very funny man, but I
dialog: love him.
text: While she is talking, Jason has been appreciatively sniffing
text: the aroma of the spaghetti. As she turns back to him, he
text: points to his wine glass.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What are you thinking of, Bella?
dialog: Can I eat dry?
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: Oh, the wine. I have forgotten
dialog: the wine.
text: Mrs. Romari goes toward the kitchen.
text: The CAMERA DOLLIES WITH her. As she passes the table where
text: Gregory and Mary are sitting, the CAMERA STOPS, FOCUSING on
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Look, Mary, just because I kept a
dialog: secret from you doesn't make me a
dialog: monster. Please look at me, Mary.
text: Mary pays no attention, but busies herself by taking a sip of
text: water and pretends to be very interested in Mrs. Romari's
text: further progress through the dining room.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Can't I make you understand? The
dialog: secret wasn't mine in the first
dialog: place. It was Jacqueline's. I don't
dialog: know why. She never wanted anything
dialog: from me -- not even my name ——
text: Mary still looks obstinately away. Gregory shakes his head,
text: pauses, and then goes on.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Please —- I can't explain things
dialog: like this to your right ear.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Last night in this very restaurant
dialog: Mr. Jason Hoag paid a very pretty
dialog: compliment to my right ear.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Who the devil is he?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: A poet. He's sitting right over
dialog: there. That's his table —— the one
text: at the feet of Dante.
text: She half turns to indicate Jason's position.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Jason. He sees Mary looking toward him. He
text: smiles and nods to her.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Mary and Gregory. Mary nods back to Jason.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (looking off at Jason)
dialog: He seems all right.
dialog: (then resuming his former
dialog: conversation)
dialog: Look, Mary. It was something I
dialog: couldn't tell you. Remember how you
dialog: came to my office that first day,
dialog: frightened and broken up? I asked
dialog: you if she had spoken about me. You
dialog: said "no." Then how could I tell
dialog: you that we were married -- and
dialog: afterwards -- I couldn't tell you
dialog: because --
text: Mrs. Romari comes past them.. She is carrying a bottle of
text: Chianti. She smiles at Mary as she passes, but Mary is too
text: absorbed in her own thoughts to see her.
text: The CAMERA DOLLIES WITH Mrs. Romari.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Jason. Mrs. Romari comes into the scene
text: and starts pouring a glass of wine.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (in bad Italian)
dialog: Why do you bring me wine,
dialog: beautiful ones when you yourself
dialog: are intoxicating.
text: Mrs Romari laughs heartily.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (in English)
dialog: You're my favorite audience, Bella.
text: Mrs. Romari has finished pouring the wine. She puts the wine
text: bottle on the table and is about to start off toward the
text: kitchen when she catches a glimpse of Gregory and Mary.
text: Mary's face is still averted from Gregory and both of them
text: look dreadfully unhappy.
text: MED. SHOT of Jason and Mrs. Romari.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: Why can't everyone be happy like we
dialog: are -- laugh and have good times.
dialog: Look at that poor little one — so
dialog: sad because she can't find her
dialog: sister. And that man with her -— he
dialog: doesn't make her laugh —— he just
text: sits and talks.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (almost seriously)
dialog: We are happy, Mrs. Romari, because
dialog: you have everything —— and I am
dialog: happy because I have nothing to
dialog: lose.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: But you should make her laugh,
dialog: Jason. Come, make jokes for her.
dialog: I'll bring your food to their
dialog: table.
text: Before Jason can protest she has leaned over and taken his
dialog: plate.
text: MED. SHOT - Mary and Gregory. Their relative positions have
dialog: not changed.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You could have told me any time
dialog: you were Jacqueline's husband.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Things changed, Mary. The reasons
dialog: for finding Jacqueline changed. I
dialog: want to find Jacqueline to settle
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (startled, turns for the
dialog: first time to Ward)
dialog: What things? Why?
text: It is at this moment and before he can answer that Mrs.
text: Romari comes into the scene leading Jason.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: You two are so sad. Your food will
dialog: not digest, and your wine will
dialog: sour. You must laugh to eat well. I
dialog: have brought Jason to make you
dialog: laugh.
text: Mary looks at Ward. He is obviously annoyed at this
text: interruption. She, too, wishes that Mrs. Romari and Jason had
text: not interrupted, but feels it incumbent upon her to be
dialog: gracious.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mr. Hoag, this is Mr. Ward.
text: The two men shake hands. Ward with the air of one making an
text: empty invitation, hoping that Jason will not accept,
text: indicates the char on the opposite side of the table.
text: Jason stands smiling for a moment, completely aware of the
dialog: situation and uncertain as to whether to accept or take
text: himself off. Mrs. Romari settles the matter by pulling out
text: the chair and forcing him to seat himself.
speaker_heading: MRS ROMARI
dialog: Sit down. I'll get the rest of your
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I'm under orders to make you laugh.
dialog: In Mrs. Romari's mind my poetry and
dialog: humor have some strange affinity
dialog: which they don't have in fact. She
dialog: wants me to play the fool for you,
dialog: and suddenly, Miss Gibson, I feel
dialog: as sad as you do.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Well,then I have spoiled your
dialog: dinner -- "your food won't digest,
dialog: and your wine will sour."
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You will have to make all the
dialog: jokes, because I'm going to be very
dialog: serious.
text: He pauses, and the two look rather questioningly at him after
text: this preamble. He looks first at one and then at the other
dialog: before speaking.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I'm going to find your sister.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I don't think that's a good subject
dialog: for jokes, Mr. Hoag.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: But I'm not joking.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Don't be ridiculous. For months
dialog: I've had the best private detective
dialog: in New York looking for Miss
dialog: Gibson.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: But I'm better than a detective. I
dialog: have an understanding of people -
dialog: and a love of them -- an
dialog: understanding of the city - -
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You don't even know Jacqueline
dialog: Gibson.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: But I understand her. That may be
dialog: more important.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It may make very fine poetry, Mr.
dialog: Hoag, but it doesn't make good
dialog: sense.
text: Jason turns to Mary.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Mary, when you first came here, I
dialog: told you to look into your heart.
dialog: You didn't listen to me. You
dialog: listened to the policeman instead.
dialog: You didn't find your sister, did
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: Look here, just because Mrs. Romari
dialog: asked you to amuse us.
text: Jason rises and takes Mary's hand.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: This city is my world. I know every
dialog: rat-infested corner of my world and
dialog: every starlit chamber of its purity
dialog: and greatness.
text: He half draws Mary to her feet.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You don't even know where to start -
dialog: -
text: Jason takes Mary along with him, starting for the door.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: One starts by beginning.
text: Beginnings lead to an end.
text: Ward is forced to rise and go with them.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. STREET WASHINGTON MEWS - NIGHT
text: Jason and Ward with Mary between them, cross the street
text: toward the north side of Washington Mews. To their right is
text: the mews, the little houses one next to the other in an
text: orderly row. They stop for a moment at the street corner.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (disregarding his
dialog: question)
dialog: This is the part of New York I
dialog: love. It is old. It has memories.
dialog: If you listen, the houses will
dialog: speak to you. Walt Whitman...Edna
dialog: St. Vincent Millay... Eugene
dialog: O'Neill...in their time they've all
dialog: lived here.
text: He goes on to the next house and they follow. The CAMERA
text: DOLLIES WITH them.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: All very nice but, what are you
dialog: going to do - listen at every house
dialog: in New York for Jacqueline's voice?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (as if it explained
dialog: everything)
dialog: I'm looking for a party -- a merry
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well, that's illuminating.
text: Even Mary looks concerned and puzzled. They have stopped
text: before the next house and again Jason has taken the attitude
text: of one listening. The sound of a violin can be heard playing
dialog: Abenlied.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Only music. It leads, but we cannot
dialog: follow.
text: He starts off again. Ward and Mary follow him.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (shaking his head)
text: Riddles now.
text: By this time they have come to the third house and again
text: Jason has paused.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wait. This is a party.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (from interior of house)
dialog: Now, if you'll all take your seats,
dialog: Miss Randall will show us the
dialog: slides she took of Woods Hole
dialog: Marine Institute this summer.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Sounds dull, doesn't it? My ear is
dialog: perfectly trained. I can tell the
dialog: brand of liquor and the quality of
text: the guests from the noise they
dialog: make.
text: From the next house comes the sound of revelry, laughter and
text: a burst of jazz music from a phonograph which obscures the
text: milder noises of the house in front of which they stand.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: That sounds more like it. Come on.
text: He grabs hold of Mary's hand and draws her along. They go up
text: to the door. Ward follows them.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE CORTEZ' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT of Natalie Cortez. She is seated at a small card
text: table, shuffling a pack of cards with one hand, and
text: surrounded by a small group of her guests in evening clothes.
text: Natalie is a very beautiful woman of early middle age. It is
text: apparent why she uses only one hand to shuffle her cards. She
text: has but one arm. A	little cape of gold lame covers her
text: shoulders and hangs down over the missing arm.
speaker_heading: JUDD'S VOICE
dialog: Shuffle the cards well, Natalie.
dialog: This is a trick of telepathy not
dialog: card manipulation
text: ANOTHER SHOT of the same group to include Judd, who stands a
text: little distance away with his back purposely turned to the
text: card table. Mrs. Cortez is finishing shuffling the cards. The
text: door knocker sounds.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Now pass me the cards.
text: The knocker sounds again and Mrs. Cortez hands the cards to
text: Gladys, a big, gushy girl, full of hormones and cocktail gin.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Gladys, you hand the deck to Louis
text: while I answer the door.
text: Gladys takes the cards and crosses to Judd, who still stands
text: with his back to his audience, while Mrs. Cortez turns and
text: walks in the other direction.
text: REVERSE SHOT - toward the door. For the first time Mrs.
text: Cortez' living quarters can be seen. The house was formerly a
dialog: stable on the Mews and in remodeling it for living purposes
dialog: Mrs. Cortez has allowed the stalls and general architecture
text: of the stable to remain. She uses one of the two stalls as a
text: little dining nook, although above it the name of the horse,
text: "Apocalypse" is still printed on a placard. The next stall
dialog: has been converted into a little escritoire, and over this
text: stall is the name "Morning Star." The place is lit with
text: electrified stable and carriage lamps and furnished with
text: harness and horse adornments which contrast with the rich
text: piled carpet, the lovely square piano of rosewood and the
text: beautiful modern prints with plain wood frames. Book shelves
text: cover the largest portion of the walls.
text: Mrs. Cortez wends her way through little groups of her guests
text: and goes to the door.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of the door as Mrs. Cortez opens it revealing
text: Mary, Ward and Jason on the threshold.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Jason! How nice to see you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (taking her hand)
dialog: I have brought some friends,
dialog: Natalie. May we all come to your
dialog: party?
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Mrs,. Cortez, Mary Gibson and Mr.
dialog: Ward.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: It's so nice to meet you.
text: Jason has been looking about trying to peer over the heads of
text: various other guests. Suddenly he turns back to Mrs. Cortez
dialog: and Mary.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You'll have to excuse me.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Jason emerges between two groups of people.
text: The CAMERA PICKS him up and DOLLIES WITH him up to the group
text: around Judd. Judd has turned and is facing them with the
text: cards in his hands.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Mrs. Freeman, yours was the Jack of
dialog: Spades. Gladys, yours was the Seven
dialog: of Diamonds, and Mrs. Gosden, the
dialog: Queen of Hearts -—
text: There is a murmur of admiration from the little group.
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: How do you ever do it, Louis?
text: Jason makes his way through the group and faces Judd.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Hello, Jason.
text: Jason takes his arm and draws him away a few feet from the
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Where is Jacqueline Gibson?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: What a peculiar question.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I saw you with her last week. I
dialog: knew you'd be here tonight. Where
dialog: is she?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: My dear fellow, it's neither your
dialog: business to ask, nor mine to tell.
text: He tries to move away. Jason takes his arm again.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wait. Look over there.
text: He half turns so that Judd faces the door.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: See that girl? That's Jacqueline's
dialog: sister. It's because of her I ask.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: But why come to me?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Because there was another girl—
dialog: years ago -- a nice girl. She lived
dialog: on Barrow Street. I saw her with
dialog: you once -— I saw her with you
dialog: twice and then I never saw her
dialog: again. That's why.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: She was my patient.
text: He pauses.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: What was she to you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don't think that you would
dialog: understand if I told you.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I think I understand without your
dialog: telling me. I know something of
dialog: your history, Jason. I know that
dialog: you haven't written for ten years.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I've lost my knack.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: After that wonderful first book —-
dialog: after all the adulation and the
dialog: good reviews?
text: Jason looks away.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I would have given anything if I
dialog: could have written that book. You
dialog: had all my admiration and respect —
dialog: once.
text: MED. SHOT - Mary, Mrs. Cortez and Ward.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Now that you know me, you must feel
dialog: free to come often.
text: Over this shot comes the sound of Jason's voice calling Mary.
text: Mary smiles at Mrs. Cortez and looks off.
text: LONG SHOT from Mary's ANGLE of the group around Judd and
text: Jason. Jason is beckoning to her.
text: THREE SHOT - Mary, Mrs. Cortez and Ward. Mary gives Mrs.
text: Cortez a smile of apology and starts toward Jason. Ward takes
text: her arm to lead her through the party throng.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - the group around Jason and Judd as Mary and
dialog: Ward come in.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (imperturbably)
dialog: Hello, Ward.
text: He makes a half bow to Mary.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: My dear Miss Gibson --
text: It is at this point that Gladys comes bursting back. She
text: picks up the name "Gibson" and rushes ever to Mary.
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: Gibson? Are you Jacqueline's
dialog: sister?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes. Do you --
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: (not letting her finish)
dialog: Know her! My dear, we were
dialog: intimate! The times we used to have
dialog: together! I bet she never told you
dialog: about that -- you're too young.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I'm afraid you don't understand.
dialog: Miss Gibson's sister is missing ——
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: Missing? Well, no wonder. When she
dialog: took up with Louis Judd she went
dialog: out of circulation, like that!
text: She snaps her fingers. Mary looks from Judd to Ward.
text: The two men stare fixedly at each other.
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: My dear, have I said something?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (to Gladys in a low voice)
dialog: No. You've just turned the dagger
text: in the wound - - a beautiful job.
text: He looks quickly over to Mary, sees tears coming to her eyes,
text: takes her elbow and leads her to another part of the room.
text: Gladys' attention is attracted by laughter from another group
text: of the party and she drifts off. Ward and Judd are left
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (to Ward)
dialog: There are too many people here. I
dialog: think Jacqueline may be lonely --?
dialog: for me.
text: Judd grins. He wanders off. Gregory stands scowling after
dialog: him.
text: TWO SHOT - Jason and Mary. They have seated themselves in the
text: little breakfast nook built in the horses' stall.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You see, Mary, I'm not quite a
dialog: fool.
text: Mary nods.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: At least you knew about Dr. Judd.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And you knew he'd be here.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes. And now that I've shown
dialog: you that I know that much, and can
dialog: guess more -- will you trust me to
dialog: look for Jacqueline?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I want you to look for Jacqueline.
text: He takes her hand across the table and holds it firmly.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I'm a terrible failure, Mary, -- a
text: book clerk by day and a poet by
dialog: night, and not a very good one -
dialog: but if you'll trust me -- at this
dialog: one thing I won't fail --I'll find
dialog: your sister.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT of Jason leaning on a file counter in the library.
text: Beside him is an enormous file of cards and right under his
text: nose, two pretty white hands ruffle the cards.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (admiringly)
dialog: You have such lovely hands, Miss
dialog: Gottschalk. So slim and capable --
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to show us Miss Gottschalk. The face
text: doesn't match the hands.
speaker_heading: MISS GOTTSCHALK
dialog: (gurgling)
dialog: Oh, Mr. Jason. I really shouldn't
dialog: be doing this, you know. It's
dialog: against the rules.
dialog: (curiously)
dialog: When did you say you wanted them?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I want to see what they read so
dialog: I'll know what kind of books to
dialog: give my friends as presents.
dialog: There's nothing nicer for a gift
dialog: than a book.
speaker_heading: MISS GOTTSCHALK
dialog: Who was the first one -- Mrs. Redi?
text: Jason nods.
speaker_heading: MISS GOTTSCHALK
dialog: (ruffling through the
dialog: cards)
scene_heading: N - o - p - q - r - r - Redi.
dialog: Here it is.
text: She takes the card out of the file and hands it to Jason.
speaker_heading: MISS GOTTSCHALK
dialog: And the other was Judd?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes, Dr. Louis Judd.
speaker_heading: MISS GOTTSCHALK
dialog: It's here, too.
text: She hands it over to Jason.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Would it be asking too much, Miss
dialog: Gottschalk, for you to get me these
dialog: books?
speaker_heading: MISS GOTTSCHALK
dialog: (gurgling again)
dialog: No, not at all, Mr. Jason.
text: She takes the cards and glances at the numbers and stops.
speaker_heading: MISS GOTTSCHALK
dialog: (coyly)
dialog: Why, Mr. Jason. Most of these books
dialog: are on the closed shelf. You have
dialog: to get permission.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (using Miss Gottschalk's
dialog: tone)
dialog: I wouldn't want to take them out. I
dialog: just want to look at them.
speaker_heading: MISS GOTTSCHALK
dialog: (relenting)
dialog: Well, since, you're over twenty
dialog: one——
text: Giggling, she turns to go.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY- DANTE - DAY
text: Jason comes up the stairs whistling. As he reaches the
text: landing, Mimi comes out of her door at the end of the
text: corridor and goes across to the bathroom. She is in her
text: soiled dressing gown, her hair lank about her shoulders. She
text: carries a towel over one arm.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (waving to her)
dialog: Mimi!
text: She turns toward him and is about to speak when a fit of
text: coughing takes her. She passes on, goes through the doorway
text: to the bath. Jason goes on to a door halfway down the hall,
text: #lO. He knocks on the door. Mary's voice can be heard bidding
text: him enter.
speaker_heading: MARY'S VOICE
dialog: Come in.
text: Jason turns the knob and throws the door open. Through the
text: open door Mary's room can be seen. It is a small, dismal
text: cubicle like the room with the noose. There is a day bed, a
text: dresser, a little desk, an armchair, an old— fashioned rocker
text: and light curtains at the window. There are a few odd—shaped
text: pillows on the day bed and some other evidences of Mary's
dialog: attempts to make this place bright and livable. On the
text: dresser top stands a large framed photograph of Jacqueline.
text: As the door opens, Mary can be seen washing a pair of white
text: gloves in a little basin set in the corner of the room.
text: As the scene progresses,, she can be seen washing the gloves
text: on her hands, removing them, rinsing out the soap and then
text: tacking them up on the open window sash to dry. Jason pulls a
text: rose from his pocket. A withered blossom. He offers it. Mary
text: holds up her white-gloved hands to indicate that she can't
text: take the flower. He picks up a tumbler, fills it with water,
text: puts the rose in it, and sets the whole mess on the window
dialog: sill.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's terribly sweet of you, Jason.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I have something even better.
text: He fishes through his pockets and brings out a ragged worn
text: piece of paper; crossing over to her he carefully smooths out
text: this paper beside the wash basin.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: What is it?
text: INSERT	THE PARALLELOGRAM traced on thin paper.
speaker_heading: JASON'S VOICE
text: A parallelogram with a split
text: triangle in its very center.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But for what, Jason?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: To unlock mysteries -- to unravel
dialog: the thread that leads to
dialog: Jacqueline.
text: Mary looks helpless and bewildered.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (with mock patience)
dialog: I suppose I'll have to explain. Go
dialog: on with your washing.
text: He seats himself on the edge of the day bed.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I have been at the library.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But you're always at the library.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I went as a detective. I found out
dialog: that Mrs. Redi reads the same books
dialog: as Dr. Judd.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't think that's so revealing.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: But who is Judd, a psychiatrist.
dialog: It's quite natural that he should
dialog: read books on the history of old
dialog: religious societies. But why should
text: Mrs. Redi, a woman with a beauty
dialog: parlor --?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That's it. And this figure --she
dialog: traced it. The book I saw at the
dialog: library had been marked "perfect"
dialog: by the library inspector in March.
dialog: Mrs. Redi had it out in April. No
dialog: one else had read it since.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I'm at sea, Jason.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (with even more patience)
dialog: Such a simple matter. This figure
dialog: is the symbol of the Palladists.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (lightly mocking)
dialog: It's all clear to me now -- so
dialog: clear.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I thought it would be, but just to
dialog: be sure, I'll tell you that the
dialog: Palladists are a society of Devil
dialog: worshippers --
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Devil worshippers!
text: She bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Look. I'm serious. It's a real and
dialog: vary earnest society -- a dangerous
dialog: society...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (still laughing)
dialog: I can imagine.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Some time before those nice white
dialog: gloves are dry you're going to go
dialog: and find out a few things about
dialog: Mrs. Redi.
text: Mary chuckles to herself and, taking up one of the gloves,
text: blows into it, laughing in spite of herself as she does so.
text: In a playful mood, she brushes the blown-up glove against the
text: back of Jason's neck. He starts nervously. Like a young
text: child, Mary is thrown into a fit of laughter.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh, Jason, I scared you. Maybe I
dialog: could scare some information out of
dialog: Mrs. Redi or perhaps Frances.
text: She laughs gaily.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: BOOTH AT LA JEUNESSE COSMETICS, INC. - DAY
text: This is a mirror shot. In the glass Mary can be seen seated
text: in the chair with Frances Fallon behind her brushing her
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I can't see much fun in teaching
dialog: school. Why don't you go into the
dialog: beauty business.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But I like teaching school.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Well, if it's fun for you, it's all
dialog: right. I get a kick out of my work
dialog: when the customers aren't too
text: crabby.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is Mrs. Redi nice to work for?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Redi's all right.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: She seems rather an odd woman to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: She's a pretty good sort.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What does she do with herself after
dialog: business hours?
text: Frances shrugs.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It always seemed to me she was sort
text: of lonely and unhappy.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I guess most people are.
text: Frances finishes brushing her hair and pats it into place.
speaker_heading: FRANCES (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, that's it.
text: While Mary gets up and collects her handbag and other
text: belongings, Frances makes out the check and hands it to Mary.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: In the old days, it would have been
text: on the house.
text: Mary hands her a coin which Frances refuses, pushing her hand
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: The tip is, anyhow. I like to work
dialog: on your hair.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thank you.
text: Mary takes a piece of paper from her bag and shows it to
dialog: Frances.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Do you know what this is, Frances?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (smiling broadly)
dialog: I ought to know.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What is it?
text: Frances reaches back of her, takes a bottle of La Jeunesse
text: perfume and holds it up to Mary.
text: INSERT	BOTTLE OF LA JEUNESSE PERFUME. On the front of it is
text: the parallelogram with split triangle.
speaker_heading: FRANCES' VOICE
dialog: (over shot)
dialog: It's Mrs. Redi's new trademark.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Of course, I should have known.
dialog: That figure has been puzzling me.
text: She passes into the main portion of the salon and Frances
text: follows her. Mrs. Redi, passing by, stops.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: Hello, Mary. It's nice to see you.
dialog: No news of Jacqueline?
text: Mary shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm afraid not.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: That's too bad.
text: Mary goes on toward the cashier's desk, and pays her check,
text: As Mrs. Redi and Frances stand talking, Mary gets her change
text: and leaves in the background.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: What did she want?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: I did her hair.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: What were you talking about?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: Nothing! That's absurd. I heard you
dialog: laughing and talking, She was
dialog: asking questions.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: She was just asking about you -
dialog: Whether it was nice to work for you
dialog: or not.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: And that was all?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: No. She asked about the trademark.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: What did she want to know?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: She showed me a drawing.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: (in anger)
dialog: You	fool! That symbol is us -- us.
dialog: She was asking about us.
text: She looks off toward the door opening on the street.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: But I'll stop her questions ——
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. FLANDERS ARMS - JUDD'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Judd, dressed in a dressing gown, is seated on the straight
text: chair before the makeshift desk, talking with Mrs. Cortez who
text: is dressed in street clothes and who has perched herself on
text: the arm of a large, overstuffed chair. They have evidently
text: been talking for some time. The scene opens with a slight
text: lull in the conversation, while Judd takes a cigarette and
text: lights it, blows out the first inhalation of smoke and looks
text: squarely at Mrs. Cortez.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I know the others -- Redi, Fallon,
dialog: Leo, Bruns. But I would never have
dialog: guessed it of you, Natalie.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: (airily)
dialog: One believes -— it's like any other
dialog: religion...
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I'd hardly describe It that way —-
dialog: The worship of evil is a pretty
dialog: dreadful and special thing.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: It seems right to us.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I know the theory behind the
dialog: movement. If one believes in good
dialog: one believes in evil. If one
dialog: believes in God, one must believe
dialog: in the devil. And an intelligent
dialog: person can make his own choice ——
dialog: that's it, isn't it?
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Because you are intelligent --
dialog: that's why they sent me to you --
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I think I can give you a more
dialog: practical reason for your kind
dialog: invitation. I know too much. I was
dialog: Jacqueline's psycho-analyst.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: I always thought it was a more
dialog: intimate relationship.
text: Judd shrugs.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Perhaps, Natalie, this is a bargain
dialog: you're offering me --I am being
dialog: allowed to join -- to buy safety by
dialog: betraying Jacqueline -- is that it?
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: I haven't said anything of the
dialog: sort.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: But you would like to know where
dialog: she is?
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Yes. There are certain punitive
dialog: measures...
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I can imagine. But you did say you
dialog: came to me as my friend --that you
dialog: were concerned for me.
text: Natalie nods.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: I'm afraid you have mistaken my
dialog: motive, Louis. I thought you might
dialog: understand and sympathize.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I have no sympathy for either good
dialog: or evil. I have only curiosity -- a
dialog: professional curiosity. What
dialog: unhappy people most of you are!
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Are we?	I thought I was very gay.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: A gay lot -— Redi, for instance. I
dialog: don't know what her sorrow is,	but
dialog: her life's an empty one. She's had
dialog: to have this to cling to. Frances
dialog: Fallon, with her worship of
dialog: Jacqueline, has had to follow like
text: a sheep. And Bruns, the fanatic.
dialog: And you...
text: He looks at her empty sleeve. She looks down, and her mouth
text: twists in a smile.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: I was a great dancer...
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: A strange collection. You're like
dialog: the false god you worship... fallen
dialog: angels, all of you.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Life has betrayed us. We've found
dialog: there is no heaven on earth, so we
dialog: must worship evil for evil's own
dialog: sake. We're not wicked. We commit
dialog: no violence, unless...
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (smiling, close to her)
dialog: Unless what?
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
text: (a pause, then smiling,
dialog: sure of herself)
dialog: No, you draw no secrets from me, as
dialog: you drew them from Jacqueline. You
dialog: are not one of us yet. You're
dialog: clever, Louis, but I recognize your
dialog: interest in me for what it is
dialog: worth. You are only curious. You
dialog: have never loved a woman who had
dialog: but one arm.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: It would be a charming experience.
dialog: She might only protest half as
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: (rising)
dialog: You're very flippant and perhaps
dialog: wise, but not wise enough to see
dialog: the truth, Louis.
text: Judd walks with Mrs. Cortez to the door.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (very sincerely)
dialog: What is truth?
text: Mrs. Cortez looks at him from the doorway in surprise.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Those are the first words I have
dialog: ever heard you say without mockery
dialog: and contempt.
text: Judd smiles.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DANTE - DAY
text: Mrs. Romari, with the pigeon on the table in front of her, is
text: shelling beans. As she shells them she sings an Italian song,
text: her voice ringing out merrily.
scene_heading: QUICK WIPE UP TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S BATHROOM - DAY
text: Mary is in the shower. It is an old-fashioned affair	in a tub
text: with a round pipe rail above it from which a translucent
text: curtain is hanging to keep the water from splashing. Mary's
text: head, neck, shoulders and a portion of her back can be seen.
text: She is wearing a shower cap. The warm water is streaming over
text: her, making a comfortable fog of steam. Mary is humming or
text: whistling the song that Mrs. Romari was singing downstairs.
text: She lifts her hand to soap the back of her neck. A dark and
text: threatening shadow falls athwart the curtain, and through the
text: steam and water a figure can be dimly seen standing there. It
text: is a moment or two before this figure speaks.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI'S VOICE
dialog: Mary.
text: Mary looks toward the shower curtain and sees the grim
text: indeterminate bulk of someone standing there. She brings her
text: hands and arms up protectively huddling all her forces
text: together in embarrassment.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (her voice weak and
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: This is Mrs. Redi, Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (reaching for the faucet)
dialog: I'll be out in a minute.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: That won't be necessary. I haven't
dialog: much to say.
text: Mary turns the water off and stands listening.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: If I were you, Mary -- I'd go back
dialog: to school. I'd make no further
dialog: attempt to find Jacqueline.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: It will make you unhappy to find
dialog: Jacqueline. It would put her in
dialog: danger --- great danger --
text: There is a little silence.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: I can almost feel your doubt about
dialog: what I'm saying, Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I can't give up looking for her,
dialog: Mrs. Redi, no matter what you're
text: hinting at.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: I have no intention whatsoever of
dialog: hinting. Your sister, Mary, is a
dialog: murderess. She killed Irving August
dialog: -- stabbed him out of fright when
text: he discovered where she was hiding.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: I had to help get rid of the body.
dialog: You saw it on the subway. And I
dialog: warn you, Mary -- go back -- you
dialog: don't know what you're doing, or
dialog: what dreadful things you might
dialog: bring about by looking for your
dialog: sister. You go back to school - -
dialog: go back and forget Jacqueline.
text: The shadow of Mrs. Redi's figure leaves the curtain. The door
text: clicks shut behind her. Mary moves her hand out to part the
dialog: curtain.
text: CLOSE UP of Mary's face as seen from the other side of the
text: shower curtain as she opens it. She is looking off at the
text: door through which Mrs. Redi has passed.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE CORTEZ' APT. - LATE EVENING
text: LONG SHOT There is a fire burning in the fireplace. The
text: lamps have been lit, although outdoors there is still a gray,
text: cold light in the street. The room looks bright and warm.
text: There are about a dozen people who are	standing and sitting,
text: smoking and chatting. Before the sofa a tea service has been
text: set on the coffee table. An alcohol stove keeps the tea water
text: hot and a slight steam rises from the tea kettle.
text: Among the guests can be seen certain familiar faces. Frances
text: Fallon stands near the door talking with a young man, Mr.
text: Durk, who can be recognized as one of the two drunks who
text: supported the body of Irving August on the subway. The other
text: of the two drunks, Mr. Leo, is seated by himself in an
text: armchair looking through a record album. In his street
text: clothes, chatting with a very lovely, white-haired woman, is
text: Joseph, the workman at La Jeunesse.
text: Mrs. Cortez is opening the door, as the scene opens, to admit
text: Mrs. Redi, who is dressed in exactly the same clothes she
text: wore in the previous scene.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: (starting to remove her
dialog: furs)
dialog: I'm sorry to be late, Natalie.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: (taking the furs and
dialog: hanging them over the
dialog: back of a chair)
dialog: We haven't even begun tea yet.
text: The two women cross to the sofa and sit down. On the way
text: across the room, Mrs. Redi nods to several of the people
text: standing about. She and Mrs. Cortez seat themselves.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Won't you pour, Mrs. Redi?
text: Mrs. Redi pours out a cup of tea. Her hand trembles and she
text: moves rather awkwardly.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: Sorry. I'm nervous. This is very
dialog: trying for me.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: I know. You introduced Jacqueline
dialog: to us -- but how could you tell —-
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: I should have known. She had no
dialog: sincerity —- no real belief.
text: Mrs. Cortez pats Mrs. Redi's hand comfortingly, then turns
dialog: and calls out,
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Cream or lemon, Frances?
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Lemon.
text: Frances comes forward and Mr. Durk comes with her. They stand
text: beside the sofa near Mrs. Redi. Mrs. Redi pours another cup
text: of tea. Mrs. Cortez poises the cream pitcher over it. She
text: turns to a tall dark-haired woman who is standing near the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Miss Rowan, do you take cream?
text: Miss Rowan, without bothering to answer, strides across the
text: room and takes the teacup from her hand. She seats herself in
text: a small chair facing the sofa. Mrs. Redi starts to pour
text: another cup of tea, but has a slight mishap. There is a
text: clatter.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: Please, Natalie, would you mind
dialog: pouring?
text: Mrs. Cortez takes the teapot in her hand and begins pouring.
speaker_heading: MISS ROWAN
dialog: You shouldn't be nervous. There is
dialog: nothing personal or vengeful in
dialog: what we are about to do. We have
dialog: only to make a decision.
text: A tall quiet woman has come up to the table. She speaks
dialog: to Mrs. Cortez.
speaker_heading: MRS. SWIFT
dialog: But it can be such a horrible
dialog: decision. I found peace here. I
dialog: know that a large portion of that
dialog: peace came because we are all
dialog: pledged to non-violence. Now this --
speaker_heading: MISS ROWAN
dialog: Our founder must have known when he
dialog: wrote these seemingly contradictory
dialog: rules -— the rule of non-violence
dialog: and the law that whoever betrays us
dialog: must die -- he must have known.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: But I can't understand it.
text: Mrs. Redi turns to her.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: Some of us, Frances, must believe
dialog: without understanding.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: Yes.
text: As she speaks, a mature, handsome, forceful man dressed in a
text: dark business suit, Mr. Bruns, comes forward.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: I went back through the history
dialog: last night. I read about Johann
dialog: Rozenquartz -- I read what he
dialog: wrote --
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: I can quote it fully, Mrs. Redi.
dialog: "We will avoid violence. For once
dialog: undertaken, violence becomes its
dialog: own master and can lead to either
dialog: good or evil."
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: But he also wrote --
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I can quote that too; "Those who
dialog: shall go out into the market place
dialog: and let their tongues speak of us,
dialog: and give knowledge of our being and
dialog: our deeds, whom-so-ever doeth this
dialog: shall die."
speaker_heading: MRS. SWIFT
dialog: Since the founding of our order
dialog: there have been six betrayals and
dialog: six deaths. And now there is
dialog: Jacqueline —— she is the seventh.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: You can't do anything to her--
dialog: you mustn't hurt her!
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: But she betrayed us, Frances.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: She never betrayed us. She was only
dialog: going to a doctor -- a
dialog: psychiatrist.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: But she told him, Frances. She told
dialog: him about us.
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: (to Frances)
dialog: I know this is difficult for you. I
dialog: know that you love her.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: She didn't betray us!
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: Even if I believed that, I would
dialog: still consider her dangerous. There
dialog: is the matter of Irving August's
dialog: death. Without consulting me, Mrs.
dialog: Redi was ill—advised enough to have
text: the body removed by Leo and Durk.
dialog: This makes us all a party to the
dialog: crime. What if there is a trial?
dialog: What if Jacqueline is asked how the
dialog: body was removed? Do you think,
dialog: Frances, she would keep silent?
text: There is a long pause. He looks around the circle.
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: It is a very real danger and one
dialog: which forces our decision.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: What about Judd -- he knows about
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: He will come to us of himself ——
dialog: the man is evil.
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: And Jacqueline's sister?
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: I have taken care of Mary. I've
dialog: spoken to her. She's going back to
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
text: Then it is decided. Leo and Durk
dialog: and I will make our plans.
text: Frances Fallen begins to cry. Outside the streetlights go on.
scene_heading: INT. JASON'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: It is a small room with a skylight. There are no curtain on
text: the skylight. Behind it the night sky can be seen, and
text: occasionally the beam of a searchlight cuts across. There is
text: a bed, an easy chair and a desk with a typewriter stand
text: beside it. The walls of the room are almost hidden by
text: bookcases and books, and even the mantel bears a burden of
text: numerous volumes. Jason is seated at his desk, turned toward
text: the typewriter. He types a line, reads it inaudibly and at
text: the same time beats out the rhythm with his left hand on the
text: desk top. Evidently it scans, because he types another line
text: and is about to repeat the rhythmic test on it, when there is
text: a small knock on the door. He gets up, crosses the room and
text: opens the door. Mary stands outside. She is dressed in the
text: little traveling suit she wore in the first sequence and
text: wears a hat.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (pulling her into the
dialog: room)
dialog: Mary!
text: He shuts the door behind her, then stands to watch her as she
text: looks around the room. He smiles happily.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Mary This is so wonderful!
text: Mary looks at him questioningly.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Your being here -- your coming so
dialog: unexpectedly -— it's a wish come
dialog: true --
text: He takes her hand and leads her further into the room.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I want you to see my room. I want
dialog: you to see all of it.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: But it's a small room, Jason.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It's grown big with time -- I've
dialog: lived here with the Romari's for
dialog: ten years -- the room's become part
dialog: of me. I want you to see it —— to
dialog: know me better.
text: He waves at the bookcase.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: My books --
text: He leads forward a step and bends down to touch a battered
text: little tavern table of old maple wood.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: My furniture --
text: He draws her forward still another step toward the desk and
text: points to the window.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: My window - - through which I see
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (looking toward the night
dialog: sky)
dialog: It's beautiful -- that searchlight
dialog: - the stars --
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It's not a searchlight —— it's a
text: sword blade cutting the blue cloak
dialog: of a prince —- not stars --
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (interrupting; turning to
dialog: face him)
dialog: Jason, I'm going back to
dialog: Highcliffe. I came to say good-by.
text: Jason looks at her. He is silent, but his face shows her his
dialog: concern.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I thought your coming up here to
dialog: the third floor to see me —-that it
dialog: was your advent into my world. It
dialog: turns out to be good-by. Why?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I have to go —-
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: But you're happy here -- you like
dialog: your work —-
text: He suddenly senses the compulsion that had been in her words.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It isn't that -- you said, "have to
dialog: go." What could compel you --
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Don't make me tell you, Jason.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I thought myself your friend, Mary.
dialog: Just good-bye isn't enough for a
dialog: friend.
text: Mary turns away, close to tears. Jason stands looking at her.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: I had begun to write again -—that's
dialog: whet I was doing when you came in.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's because of Jacqueline —— I
dialog: can't go on looking for her --
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You went to see Mrs. Redi... She
dialog: told you something -- what was it?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Jacqueline is a murderess she
dialog: killed a man.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: And you believe that?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I have to. It was Irving August --
dialog: everything Mrs. Redi said -— it
dialog: fits in with what I saw -— she even
dialog: knew I'd seen his body on the
dialog: subway.
text: Jason thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: If it is true — there's all the
dialog: more reason for you to find
dialog: Jacqueline.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: And Gregory -- he loves her.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: He loves you, Mary, and you'll have
dialog: to tell him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He's Jacqueline's husband. I can't
text: She begins to cry. Jason puts his arm about her shoulders.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You can't tell him -- you can't
dialog: even dream of loving him --	you
dialog: feel guilty for not having had love
dialog: enough for Jacqueline to save her
dialog: from whatever it was that took her
dialog: away -- I know that feeling.
text: They stand for a moment silently.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: But you've got to tell him about
dialog: Jacqueline —- if only for the
dialog: practical reason that he's a lawyer
dialog: and will know what to do. I'm going
dialog: to phone him.
text: Jason drops his arms from her shoulder and starts for the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. JASON'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Gregory Ward is striding up and down the room. He seems
text: greatly perturbed. He speaks and the CAMERA PULLS BACK to
text: show Mary and Jason, both seated and both watching him as he
dialog: strides.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: She's got to be found. That's the
dialog: first step. She's got to be found
dialog: so that she can give herself up to
dialog: the police.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We've tried so long to find her.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Judd could tell us -- if he would.
text: Gregory stops in front of Jason.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Do you think he knows about this?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: He's clever and he's cautious in
dialog: his way. If he knew I think he'd
dialog: advise her to do what I want —-
dialog: surrender herself to the police ——
dialog: stand trial —— I don't think he
dialog: knows.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: We could tell him.
text: Gregory strides on again to the end of the room, then turns
dialog: to Jason.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Could you find him?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I suppose so. I can pick him up
dialog: somewhere.
text: Jason picks up his overcoat from the foot of the bed, and
text: takes his hat in his hand.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Jason, I sometimes wonder ——you're
dialog: so sweet to me —- so kind and
dialog: sympathetic -- I don't know how I
dialog: can ever thank you.
text: Jason looks at her for a moment.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Thank me? You don't need to thank
dialog: me.
text: He looks at her again and then at Gregory Ward. Evidently
text: some idea has passed through his mind, because he turns from
text: Mary, crosses to the table, picks up a manuscript and puts it
text: into a large Manila envelope.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: Verse -- verse that I wrote. I need
dialog: it.
text: He puts the envelope under his arm and starts toward the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. GREENWICH VILLAGE STREET - NIGHT
text: Judd walks along unconcerned and seemingly unaware that on
text: the opposite side of the street Jason is patiently following
text: him. He sees his image reflected in a weighing machine mirror
text: and turns to him. The two men wave a friendly "hello." Jason
text: ducks out of sight around a corner for a moment and then
text: takes up Judd's trail again. Judd passes into a small
text: apartment house. Jason follows a moment later.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HOUSE HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: There is a self—service elevator. Jason comes in and sees
text: that the elevator is in use and the sign "in use" is glowing,
text: and the fourth floor button is red. He waits patiently for
text: the elevator to stop and presses the "down" button. When it
text: returns to the first floor he opens the outer door, then the
text: inner grill, and is about to step in when Judd suddenly
text: appears from the other side of the elevator, reaches in and
text: taps him on the shoulder. Jason turns around, surprised.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Don't bother going up. I can do
dialog: this all night, Jason. Watch.
text: He draws Jason out of the elevator, lets the grill door slide
text: shut, passes his hand through the grillwork, pushes the
text: button and sends the elevator up	empty. Jason grins and shakes
text: his head. Judd takes a cigarette packet from his pocket and
text: passes it to Jason.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Following me to find Jacqueline?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Uh—huh.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Well, it won't work. Love and
dialog: understanding won't make a good
text: detective out of a recalcitrant
dialog: poet.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Actually I want to ask two favors
dialog: of you -- one as a poet ——	one as
dialog: a detective.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: It sounds strange, and I'm going to
dialog: be very wary.
text: Jason reaches into his overcoat pocket and pulls out the
text: Manila envelope containing the manuscript.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Some time ago you spoke about my
dialog: writing again. I want your help.
dialog: I'd like you to bring this to your
dialog: publisher.
text: Judd takes the envelope and starts to open it, looking up at
dialog: Jason.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: This is curious, Jason. Half the
dialog: time you talk as if Shakespeare
dialog: were not fit to tie your
dialog: shoe—laces; now this sudden
dialog: humility.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I should like people to read what
dialog: I've written.
text: Judd looks at him and taps the envelope.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: And this poetry —— like the poetry
dialog: you wrote before extols the passion
dialog: and beauty of life?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It goes beyond that. It praises the
dialog: goodness of God and the greatness
dialog: of all His works.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (looking at him
dialog: quizzically)
dialog: I hope it finds as much favor as
dialog: your other book -- but somehow I
dialog: doubt it -- the time is out of
dialog: tune.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Why not let your publisher judge
dialog: that?
text: Judd starts for the door, but Jason takes a quick step after
text: him and lays hold of his arm.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wait —- there is that other
dialog: favor.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I'd forgotten.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Tell me where Jacqueline is -—
dialog: we've got to find her.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: You don't expect me to do that do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes. When I tell you.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (scornfully interrupting)
dialog: Tell me what?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You'll have good enough sense to
dialog: tell us where she is -— when you
dialog: know she's a murderess. She killed
dialog: a man.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CHERRY LANE - NIGHT
text: Mary, Gregory, Jason and Judd come around the corner and
text: start up the lane. Gregory and Mary walk together and Judd
text: walks with Jason behind them. Mary and Gregory go past the
dialog: camera.
text: As Judd and Jason come abreast of the CAMERA IT DOLLIES WITH
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Tell me, why this sudden desire to
dialog: publish — to awaken like Byron and
dialog: find yourself famous.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I think it's time.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: No other reason —— no woman ——not
dialog: the little Miss Gibson?
text: Jason walks on without answering.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Perhaps.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (very sincerely)
dialog: I'll do all I can to help. I'll go
dialog: to my publisher tomorrow.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE IN CHERRY LANE - NIGHT
text: The little group of people come up to it. It is a mean little
text: house. Mary looks up at the dark windows, glances at the
text: garbage can full of refuse near the door, and shudders.
text: Dr. Judd takes a key from his pocket and opens the front
text: door. The hallway is dimly lit by a bare electric bulb. At
text: the back can be seen an angular stairway.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Wait. I'll call her.
text: He goes into the house and the rest stand together on the
text: stoop looking in through the open door. Judd crosses the hall
text: and standing at the front of the stairs, calls up to
dialog: Jacqueline.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Jacqueline, this is Judd.
text: There is no answer. He waits a moment, then calls again.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Jacqueline.
text: There is a frightened strained voice, that answers; a voice
text: that seems to have come up through layers of heavy sleep,
text: emerging only to be frightened.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE'S VOICE
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Judd. I'm here with your sister.
dialog: Come on down.
text: Judd goes forward and stands by the banister. Mary stands at
text: one side with Jason, and Gregory at the other side. They
dialog: wait.
text: Very slowly Jacqueline comes down the stairs. She has on her
text: nightgown and over it a fur coat. Her hair is loose about her
text: shoulders, her eyes are wide and apprehensive. Judd puts out
text: his hand to help her down the last few steps. Mary goes into
text: the lighted hall. The two sisters look at each other for a
text: moment, then go into each others arms. Judd leans against the
text: banister, watching. Finally, they break from their embrace.
text: Mary is crying and Jacqueline is half-laughing, half-crying.
text: She holds Mary off at arm's length, looking at her.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: Mary!
text: She sees the two men in the doorway, and starts back
text: fearfully. Gregory steps forward.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Jacqueline.
text: She stands quite still, looking at him nervously.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's all right.
text: Jacqueline turns back to Judd and moves a little in his
text: direction. Judd continues to lean against the banister,
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You're safe. Nothing is going to
dialog: hurt you.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Your husband seems very sure of
dialog: that.
text: Again she looks from one to the other.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Yes. I'm very sure there's only one
dialog: way to protect you -- to help you
dialog: you've got to come with	us-- let
dialog: me do all that I can as a lawyer to
dialog: straighten out Irving August's
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: You know?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You must come with us, darling. You
dialog: must let us help you.
text: Mary extends her arms to her sister and Jacqueline goes into
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (to Jason)
dialog: For me -— this seems to be the end
dialog: of a delightful relationship.
text: Judd smiles and shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT.	JASON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: There is a bright fire in the fireplace. Jason is crouched
text: before the fire. He has a coffee pot set up on the edges of
text: three bricks inside the fireplace, and on the hearth is a
text: reflector baker with biscuits baking in it. A bottle of cream
text: and other oddments and endments of his culinary art are
text: strewn about on the hearth.
text: Jacqueline is seated before the fire in an armchair with Mary
text: at her feet. Mary's head is resting against Jacqueline's
text: knee. Gregory sits on a straight chair, a little
text: uncomfortable, and facing them from the other side of the
text: fire. Judd lounges on the bed.
text: Jason wraps a tea towel around his hand and reaches in the
text: fireplace for the coffee pot. He pours out a cup of coffee
text: and then with the same wrapped hand snatches a biscuit from
text: the baker, and puts it on the edge of the coffee saucer. He
text: hands it to Jacqueline. Her hand trembles as she takes it.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (as he passes the coffee)
dialog: Here, this will put some life into
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
text: (looking fixedly into the
dialog: fire)
dialog: It's like coming back to life.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Jacqueline, it would be so much
dialog: easier if you would tell me just
dialog: what happened. I'd know what to do
dialog: for you.
text: Jacqueline shakes her head,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Please, Jacqueline.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: You know about the Palladists --
dialog: you know who they are -- what they
dialog: are. I was one of them.
text: She pauses, and Judd in moving from his place on the bed,
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Jacqueline was always a
text: sensationalist, trying to seize
dialog: onto something -- anything -- in
dialog: order to find happiness. Through
dialog: Mrs. Redi she stumbled onto the
dialog: Palladist movement —- it appealed
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: (shuddering)
dialog: I wasn't happy with them -- wanted
dialog: to break away —— was miserable. I
dialog: went to Louis for help. They felt
dialog: that I had betrayed them. They
dialog: wanted me to die -- to kill myself.
dialog: They kept me locked up at La
dialog: Jeunesse. I was there such a long
dialog: time.
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: You can Imagine the effect of such
dialog: imprisonment on Jacqueline.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: I was terrified. The darkness in
dialog: the corners of the room --the
dialog: little noises. Then one night the
text: door opened -- a man came in ——
text: tip—toeing in. I had a scissors in
dialog: my hand -- I struck at him, I ran
text: away. He was lying in the hall with
text: the blood around him.
text: She shudders.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (comforting her)
dialog: Don't. We know what happened. Don't
dialog: go on.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Any court in the land would
dialog: understand. We'll wait a few days --
dialog: let you rest -- then we'll go to
dialog: the police.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It will all be over in such a
dialog: little while, Jacqueline, and
dialog: everything will be all right again.
dialog: Drink your coffee.
text: Jacqueline raises the cup to her lips and sips. Jason busies
text: himself at the fire again.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I thought I might close up the
dialog: apartment -- maybe get a place in
dialog: Connecticut.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You'd love that, Jackie. Remember
dialog: that last summer with Mother in the
dialog: Berkshires? You used to help the
dialog: gardener.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Yes. You could become a country
dialog: wife -- fool around with petunias
dialog: and pullets.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It will be fun meeting Gregory
text: every night at the station.
text: Jason looks at her.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: All right Jacqueline, I thought
dialog: you'd like it. We could just stay
text: on at the apartment.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: I never liked the apartment.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I like it. I've always loved the
dialog: story -- man, knowing that he
dialog: couldn't have the woman he
dialog: loved and wooing her for his
dialog: friend. We're friends, aren't we,
dialog: Gregory?
text: Gregory turns away self-consciously. Jacqueline continues to
text: look into the fire without answering. Judd looks over at
text: Jason. He sees what plan lies in the poet's mind. Getting to
text: his feet, he crosses to Jacqueline and Mary.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: It's been a hard evening for both
dialog: of you. Perhaps you'd better take
dialog: Jacqueline to your room, Mary.
text: She takes the cup from Jacqueline's hand and puts it on the
text: mantel. Jacqueline rises; Mary puts her arm around her waist,
text: and they start for the door.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Good night, Jacqueline -- good
dialog: night, Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Good night.
text: Jacqueline does not answer. The two girls pass out of the
text: door, and Mary closes the door behind her.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (turning to Jason)
dialog: I'm afraid this is no time to play
dialog: Cyrano, my friend. What was in your
dialog: mind?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I wanted to get things clear for
dialog: Jacqueline. Let her know --
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Let her know what?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That you love Mary.
text: Gregory shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: She'll have to know some time.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Not from me.
text: He moves off toward the door. Judd lingers for a moment.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I suppose, Jason, that you'll speak
dialog: for your friend --
dialog: (indicating Gregory)
dialog: -- and your poetry will speak for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Perhaps
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. DANTE RESTAURANT - MORNING
text: The house door opens, and Mary comes out onto the stoop
text: dressed for the street. Jacqueline is with her, but remains
text: in the doorway. Jacqueline is dressed in a negligee.
text: Mary steps into the bright morning sunlight. Somewhere down
text: the street a hurdy-gurdy is playing, and along the sidewalk
text: pass children on their way to school, their faces fresh
text: scrubbed, books under their arms. Mary kisses Jacqueline.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Good-bye, darling. I'll only be
dialog: gone until three.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: Good-bye.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If you get lonely, go down and see
dialog: Mrs. Romari. I told her you were
dialog: staying with me.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: I won't get lonely.
text: Mary runs down the stairs. At the foot of the stairs she
text: turns to smile at Jacqueline. Jacqueline smiles back sadly.
text: Mary turns, walks off a few steps, then turns back again.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You'll be all right?
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: Yes.
text: Mary waves and goes off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MRS. CORTEZ' APARTMENT - MORNING
text: The CAMERA IS FIXED at the spot in the apartment where the
text: Palladists had grouped themselves during the meeting.
text: There is no one present, but the chairs are still in the same
dialog: disorderly pattern to which they had been pulled during the
dialog: meeting.
text: There is the sound of a door buzzer, and the light tread of
text: feet as someone crosses the room at the other end and answers
text: the door. The door can be heard opening.
scene_heading: MRS. CORTEZ' VOICE
dialog: Louis Judd! I'm amazed to see you.
speaker_heading: JUDD'S VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry, Natalie. I wouldn't have
dialog: disturbed you if it weren't for a
dialog: matter of grave concern to me.
text: Mrs Cortez and Judd come into the scene She is in negligee.
text: He is dressed in street clothes with his overcoat over his
text: arm and hat in band. He stops and looks moodily at the oddly
text: spaced collection of chairs. Mrs. Cortez seats herself on the
text: arm of the sofa.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I thought nothing concerned you,
dialog: Louis.
text: He stands silently staring.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Is it about Jacqueline?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (with the air of one who
dialog: dismisses a trivial
dialog: matter)
dialog: No. She's no longer under my care.
text: Mrs. Cortez looks at him in astonishment. He is too absorbed
dialog: to notice this start on her part.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I don't know how to begin this,
dialog: Natalie. Perhaps it's best to just
dialog: plunge in. I want to join you.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We always knew you'd come to us,
dialog: Louis.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: But I'm not coming to you out of
dialog: deep conviction, I'm coming to you
dialog: out of loss. I no longer can
dialog: believe in the power and the
dialog: rightness of things that are called
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: I never thought you did.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I've talked nonsense. I've scoffed
dialog: and hooted -- but somewhere very
dialog: deep down in me, I always felt that
dialog: good held the balance of power.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: You're even sentimental about it.
dialog: What made you change your mind?
text: Judd holds up a large Manila envelope.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: These. They're Jason's poems, and
dialog: they've been rejected by m
dialog: publisher.
text: Mrs. Cortez laughs.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: This is incredible I It must be
dialog: some sort of a joke.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I'm very, very serious.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: (quite seriously)
dialog: But you have never liked Jason. You
dialog: always laughed at him - -quarreled
dialog: with him --
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: And I love and admire him more than
dialog: any man I ever knew. I read these
dialog: poems. He's lost his talent and his
dialog: was a really great gift. What I
dialog: have to do today -- to bring him
dialog: this rejected manuscript -—will be
dialog: the most disheartening thing I have
dialog: ever done and the most
text: disillusioning.
text: Judd starts for the door. Mrs. Cortez goes with him.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: (smiling, still quite
dialog: social)
dialog: This is the most amusing thing I
dialog: have ever heard and with a bit of
dialog: gossip to season it —— your failure
dialog: with Jacqueline. Has she returned
dialog: to her husband?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (carelessly)
dialog: No, she's with her sister,
text: Judd leaves. Mrs. Cortez watches him go.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. KINDERGARTEN CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Mary is seated on a straight-back chair, and the children
text: around her in a circle, some seated on the floor, some
text: standing in the second row. They are singing.
scene_heading: MARY AND CHILDREN'S VOICES
dialog: Oranges and lemons
dialog: Say the bells of St. Clemens
dialog: You owe me five farthings
dialog: Say the bells of St. Martin
dialog: When will you pay me
dialog: Say the bells of St. Bailey
dialog: That I don't know
dialog: Says the great bell of Bow.
text: The children laugh delightedly and are so busy with their
text: mirth that they forget to sing the next verse. Mary, smiling
text: at their glee, goes on alone. The telephone at her desk
dialog: rings.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Here comes a candle
dialog: To light you to bed
dialog: Here comes a chopper
dialog: To chop off your head.
text: Mary, still singing, crosses the room and mimics the chopping
text: gesture of the last phrase as she reaches for the phone.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, this is Mary...
text: She listens.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But she couldn't have gone out. No.
dialog: Are you sure it wasn't Jason she
dialog: went with, or Mr. Ward? Two men?
dialog: No.
text: As she speaks, it can be seen she is greatly excited. She
text: listens a moment.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'll get home as soon as I can, Mr.
dialog: Romari.
text: She puts down the telephone and crosses over to where the
dialog: children are grouped.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Children, I want you to be very
dialog: good and very quiet while I see
text: Mrs. Wheeler a moment. She's going
dialog: to take over this class for a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Why
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Because I have something very
dialog: important to do.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'll be right back with Mrs.
dialog: Wheeler.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: When?
text: Mary goes out the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MRS.	CORTEZ' APARTMENT - NOON
text: Jacqueline is seated in a high-backed chair. The light
text: from the window shines directly into her face. Before her is
text: a little tabouret on which stands a single glass containing
text: some colorless liquid. Her face is very white.
text: Around her, some seated, and some standing, are the
text: Palladists. Bruns stands near her chair, looking down at her.
speaker_heading: BRUNS
dialog: The acceptance of a secret is an
dialog: obligation and in this case my
dialog: dear, the obligation carried with
dialog: it the necessity of dying if one
dialog: betrayed that secret. You
dialog: understand that don't you?
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: Yes, I understand.
speaker_heading: BRUNS
dialog: Then, you also understand that you
dialog: must die.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: No.
text: Bruns shrugs.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: Jacqueline, you have spoken so
dialog: often of ending it all, I can't
dialog: understand why this should be so
dialog: difficult for you. You have only to
dialog: drink a little.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: Yes, Jacqueline. You were always
dialog: talking suicide - - of ending your
dialog: life when you wanted to.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: When I wanted to.
speaker_heading: BRUNS
dialog: It doesn't matter. You want to now.
dialog: You should want to. It's your
dialog: obligation, your duty.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: You have only to stretch out your
dialog: hand, take up the glass and drink a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: It won't hurt.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: (firmly spacing her words;
dialog: evenly but not
dialog: hysterically)
dialog: No. No. No.
scene_heading: TNT. JASON'S APARTMENT - EARLY EVENING
text: Jason stares at the window looking at the darkening sky. Judd
text: is still wearing his overcoat and sitting on the bed, staring
text: at him.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Both Harrison and Conroy read your
dialog: stuff. They felt as I did --old
dialog: fashioned sentiment -- weak --
text: The two men are silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: You take this all very well, Jason.
dialog: I thought you'd be much more
dialog: bitter, but tell me -— why is it
dialog: you were suddenly moved to publish?
dialog: You wanted to bring fame to lay at
dialog: her feet. And now?
text: Jason shrugs.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I don't suppose you'll ever tell
dialog: her, will you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: She is very young -- I have an old
dialog: habit of failure. It would be a bad
dialog: habit to bring to a marriage.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: A book of successful verse might
dialog: have changed that, eh?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It might have.
text: There is a long silence.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: You have a strange kind of courage,
dialog: Jason. Perhaps you have courage
dialog: enough to hear what I have been
dialog: keeping from you all these years.
text: Jason looks up.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: That girl you loved -— that other
dialog: patient of mine -— she didn't
text: disappear. She's in an asylum -—a
dialog: horrible, raving thing. I never
dialog: wanted you to know.
text: Jason looks at him for a long moment.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: -——and all the while you've been my
dialog: friend.
text: Judd nods.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MRS. CQRTEZ' APARTMENT - LATE EVENING
text: The room is almost dark. The lamps have not yet been lighted.
text: Only Jacqueline's white and tortured features catch the last
text: cold light from the window. The rest of the Palladists are in
text: darkness. At the piano someone sits playing. It is Mrs.
text: Cortez. She plays with only one hand, with a deadly monotony
text: and a curious unevenness.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: (who is weak and tired)
dialog: May I have some water? I'm thirsty.
speaker_heading: BRUNS
dialog: Drink.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BRUNS
dialog: You won't get any water and you
dialog: won't get any rest. You may as well
dialog: drink.
text: Jacqueline makes no answer.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: There's nothing to live for.
dialog: Jacqueline. Remember —— you gave me
dialog: La Jeunesse.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: It may not mean anything to you,
dialog: Jacqueline but what about your
dialog: youth, your beauty? It's all going,
dialog: and you were proud. Prouder than I
dialog: ever was of my dancing Jacqueline.
dialog: I remember when this happened -—
dialog: (touches her arm)
dialog: This robbed me of my dancing
dialog: —robbed me of my skill. I remember
dialog: how lost I was until I found peace.
dialog: You have lost that peace,
dialog: Jacqueline. You have betrayed evil.
dialog: There's nothing left.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: There's my husband.
speaker_heading: MRS. REDI
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Little you care about him.
text: Jacqueline shudders. Mrs. Redi bends over the little tabouret
text: and pushes the glass of poison closer to Jacqueline.
text: Jacqueline shrinks away, screaming hysterically.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: No. No.
text: Mrs. Cortez turns back to play the piano and drown her out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DANTE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Jason and Judd come out of the house and start down tho
text: stairs When they are midway down the stairs the restaurant
text: door opens and Mary comes out and goes across the little open
text: space toward the street steps. Judd and Jason arc talking as
dialog: they go.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: If you like, I'll go with you to
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I'd like that.
text: Mary hears his voice and looks up.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Jason.
text: The two men turn toward the stair rail and bend over it
text: toward Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I can't find Gregory. I've been
text: trying to find him.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What's wrong, Mary?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Jacqueline. Mr. Romari phoned me.
dialog: She went out this afternoon with
dialog: two men he'd never seen before.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: They may have been friends of hers.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: No, She wouldn't have gone with
dialog: anyone unless she were compelled.
dialog: All these months of hiding have
dialog: made her frightened of the streets
dialog: and people. I wonder --
text: Jason comes down to the street level and takes Mary's hand
text: comfortingly.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: They may have found her.
dialog: (he thinks a minute)
dialog: Mrs. Cortez -— this morning I told
dialog: her Jacqueline was no longer under
dialog: my care.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Would they hurt her?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You'd better go to your room,
dialog: Mary and wait for us.
text: He takes Mary's arm and turns her toward the stairs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. MRS. CORTEZ' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Only two lamps are lit, one a small table lamp and the other
text: a tall standing lamp which throws a pool of light around
text: Jacqueline. The beams of the other lamp gleam on the eyes in
text: the dark faces around her. There is a deep silence in the
text: apartment. After a moment, Bruns' voice, grown hoarse, can be
text: heard speaking from the shadows.
speaker_heading: BRUNS' VOICE
dialog: Go ahead, Jacqueline Go ahead!
text: The words drop into the silence like stones in a pool of
text: still water, and the silence closes over them, Jacqueline
text: moves her position a little bit. Her movements are slow and
text: she moves without disturbing the stillness of the room. Mrs.
text: Cortez' light voice comes in.
speaker_heading: MRS. CORTEZ
dialog: It is late -—
text: Again there is silence, end again Jacqueline shifts her
text: position just a little bit. Suddenly the stillness of the
text: scene, the almost tableau arrangement of the character, is
text: shattered. Frances Fallon jumps hysterically to her feet.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (hysterically; completely
dialog: unnerved)
dialog: Drink Jacqueline! Drink! You've got
dialog: to drink. There's nothing else.
dialog: Drink! Drink! Drink! I can't stand
dialog: this. You've got to.
text: Very slowly Jacqueline's hand goes forward and seizes the
text: stem of the glass. Slowly she brings it up to her lips.
text: Frances, suddenly, knocks the glass from her hand. It goes
text: crashing to the floor. Frances, sobbing, falls at
text: Jacqueline's feet, embracing her knees and weeping bitterly.
speaker_heading: FRANCES
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: No, no. I couldn't see you die. You
dialog: were so good to me -— so good to
dialog: me. I was never happier than when I
dialog: worked for you —— never.
text: Mrs Cortez reaches back of her and snaps on the wall lights.
text: The whole room is filled with a hard, white light. Jacqueline
text: has not moved. Frances continues to sob at her knee. The rest
text: get up stiffly and move awkwardly about. Bruns and Leo
text: whisper together. Bruns comes over to Jacqueline end stands
dialog: before her.
speaker_heading: BRUNS
dialog: You can go. The decision was
dialog: against violence. There may be
dialog: another decision —— today -
dialog: —tomorrow —— and we will find you,
dialog: but now you can go.
text: Jacqueline makes no move to rise, but continues to sit with a
text: dead, set face, looking ahead of her, with Frances still
text: weeping at her knee. Bruns takes her arm roughly and pulls
text: her to her feet. In the background Leo can be seen going out
dialog: of the room.
speaker_heading: BRUNS
dialog: I told you you could go.
text: She seems to be aware of what he has said for the first time.
text: She starts for the door, almost stumbling as she walks.
text: Jacqueline goes through the front door without looking back
text: and without closing the door behind her. Mrs. Cortez walks
text: forward and shuts the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON NEWS - NIGHT
text: Jacqueline comes out of Mrs. Cortez' apartment and stands for
text: a moment in a broad patch of light thrown by the open door.
text: Behind her this door closes and she is suddenly in darkness.
text: She looks apprehensively into the shadows and then quite
text: hesitantly begins to walk to the right. At the end of the
text: street the brighter lights of Fifth Avenue can be seen.
text: Washington News, itself, is full of dark shadows.
text: She is exhausted and unnerved. She walks slowly. She passes
text: one place where the out—jutting of the building casts a
text: deeper shadow on the sidewalk. A garbage can is set behind
text: the out—jutting, this and the bough of an old ailanthus
text: combine to cast a man-like shadow beside the shadow of the
text: building. Jacqueline pauses, peers intently into the shadow,
text: then summons up courage enough to pass. She walks quickly
text: past the out-jutting building. Somewhat relieved, she walks a
text: little bit more confidently. Suddenly, there is a clatter and
text: bang of metal behind her. She gasps, startled, and whirls
dialog: around
text: A white dog with a long bony tail slinks away from a garbage
text: can. The lid of this can is still oscillating from its fall
dialog: and roll.
text: Jacqueline draws her coat more closely about her and goes on.
text: Ahead of her, thrown by the thin light from a transom above a
text: door, is the enormously long shadow of a man across the
text: sidewalk and across the street. She hesitates then starts to
text: cross the street diagonally, looking back all the while at
text: the doorway. From the center of the street it can be seen
text: that a man stands there. With him stands a woman, her figure
text: somewhat lost in the doorway. They are saying good night. On
text: the opposite side of the street, Jacqueline hurries toward
dialog: the Avenue.
scene_heading: EXT. THE AVENUE - NIGHT
text: With evident relief, Jacqueline comes out of the darkness of
text: Washington News to the more brightly lighted avenue. Traffic
text: is passing and people are all about her. She starts off up
text: the avenue with confidence. Then some premonition makes her
text: turn. Only a few paces behind her is Leo, and there is a grin
text: on his lean, satyr-like face.
text: She hurries her step. Behind her Leo quickens his pace. It
text: She peers into the faces of passers-by, seeking some
text: unpreoccupied person who might be sympathetic and helpful.
text: People pass her, intent on their own business and without
text: concern. She begins to run. Leo merely lengthens his stride.
text: It is easy for him to keep up with her. A few people turn
text: their heads to watch her run, but Leo's long strides attract
text: no attention. Suddenly, in desperation, she dashes across the
text: street. A cab narrowly misses hitting her and a bus, coming
text: from the other direction, has to stop with an appalling
text: scream and roar of brakes.
text: Jacqueline, shaken, out of breath and trembling, reaches the
text: other corner of the- street. She pauses for a moment to take
text: a deep breath. She looks back of' her. There is no sign of
text: Leo. Again she starts on and from the shadow of a light
text: standard a deeper shadow detaches itself and steps out behind
text: her. It is Leo and he is grinning. She sees him and begins to
text: run down the cross street. She runs wildly. Leo, at first
text: lengthens his stride, and then suddenly breaks into a lope -—
text: a lope that will bring him up to her within an instant.
text: She ducks into an alley and is lost in the darkness. She
text: hides in a corner amid some debris, crouching back out of the
text: light. Leo plunges ahead in pursuit. Jacqueline stands a
text: moment as the sound of his footsteps diminish, then turns
text: back and begins running down the street. Ahead of her, a dark
text: slim figure, not unlike Leo's, is walking up the street
text: toward her.
text: She dodges into the next alley. This is an alley behind a
text: theatre. It is cluttered with all sorts of strange
text: impedimenta; flats, crates, etc. There is an overhead lamp
text: burning in the center of the alley, but the periphery of the
text: light beneath it, does not extend to the walls of the alley.
text: The area immediately adjacent to these walls is heavy with
text: darkness and strange shadows. Jacqueline stands in the middle
text: of the pool of light and listens. It seems to her that she
text: can hear in the darkness the soft tap-tap of someone walking
text: on his toes. She shrinks back from the bright light into the
text: darkness and begins to grope her way along the wall, She is
text: going from left to right. A sound at her right attracts her
text: attention and she looks off, but continues to grope her way
text: along the wall to the left. Her hand passes from the
text: roughness of the wall to the smoothness of cloth and a split
text: second later, Leo, whom she has touched, grins as he seizes
text: her wrist. She screams and then silently struggles to free
text: herself. Still smiling he holds her firmly with his right
text: band. With his left hand he draws something from his pocket.
text: He presses a button on this and a four-and a-half inch knife
text: blade flashes out. Jacqueline stands stock still with fright.
text: Leo's hand goes back for the blow.
text: At the opposite side of the alley a door is suddenly thrown
text: wide open and a great patch of light is thrown on Jacqueline
text: and Leo. He puts the knife behind his back.
text: Out of the door come half a dozen people in costumes. They
text: are members of a ballet company performing in the theatre.
text: Also there emerges the sound of loud and merry music.
text: The actors are in a gay mood laughing and shouting. One of
text: them breaks into a half dance step. It is infectious and the
text: rest join in, making a sort of Carmagnole that sweeps down
text: the alley. Jacqueline breaks from Leo's hand-hold on her
text: wrist and runs in among them.
text: One of the dancers is an enormous man dressed in Roman half
text: armor to represent the god Gambrinus, with gilded hop blooms
text: as a garland about his shoulders and wearing a papier mache
text: mask, surmounted by crown of similarly gilded hop leaves and
text: wheat. The face of the mask is a grinning, jolly, rubicund
text: visage. It is next to this enormous man that Jacqueline
text: finds herself. In sportive mood the giant dancer sweeps her
text: up with one arm, forcing her to dance his grotesque steps.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: Please. Please. Let me down.
dialog: There's a man following me.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: (in a booming voice)
dialog: I shouldn't wonder, Babe. I
dialog: shouldn't wonder.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: I'm serious —— help me.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: I'll help you to a beer and a
dialog: sandwich. Come along, babe, come
dialog: along.
text: The whole party of dancers with Jacqueline among them, go
text: roaring out of the alley.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - NIGHT
text: On the street corner is a beer saloon. The dancers, some of
text: them still skipping and dancing, come around and go into the
text: brilliantly lit saloon. The dancer with Jacqueline tries to
text: pull her into the saloon. She fights away from him. Laughing
text: and slapping his thigh in mirth, he leaves her and passes
text: into the saloon. She is left alone in the street. She makes a
text: half—hearted movement to adjust her disarranged clothing.
text: Slowly, with great weariness, she begins to walk away from
text: the saloon, going further and further into the darkness. She
text: looks around. The darkness frightens her. She looks back.
text: There is the warm glow of light from the saloon windows. She
text: starts to go back. From the lighted end of the street a man
text: crosses to the same side of the street as Jacqueline. His
text: silhouette somewhat resembles the silhouette of Leo. She
text: turns, runs and is lost in the darkness.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INT. MRS. CORTEZ' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The Palladists, with the exception of Leo, are all here and
text: all seated. Judd, still wearing his overcoat, is seated in a
text: small chair facing them and beside him stands Jason.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Now that you've hounded and worried
dialog: her half to death, you don't oven
dialog: know where she is. At least tell
dialog: me, has she been here?
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: She was here for a little while.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: And what happened?
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: Nothing. She left here an hour or
text: so ago. She may even be home now.
dialog: Why don't you try it?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: All right, Jason.
text: Judd gets up and they start for the door. Half-way to the
text: door, Jason stops and turns around. Judd also turns.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (looking around the room
dialog: and peering at each
dialog: person in turn)
dialog: The devil worshipers -- the lovers
dialog: off evil. It's a joke-—a pathetic
dialog: little joke.
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: We've not asked your opinion.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I propose to give it to you anyway.
dialog: You're a poor, wretched group of
dialog: people who have taken the wrong
dialog: turning.
speaker_heading: MR. BRUNS
dialog: Wrong? Who knows what is right or
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I can prove you wrong so simply
dialog: Listen:
text: (he bows his head and
text: recites very quietly)
dialog: Our father who art in heaven
dialog: Hallowed be thy name
dialog: Thy kingdom come, thy will be done
dialog: On earth as it is in heaven.
dialog: Give us this day, our daily bread
dialog: Forgive us our trespasses as we
dialog: Forgive those who trespass against
dialog: us.
dialog: Lead us not into temptation
dialog: But deliver us from evil
dialog: For thine is the kingdom, the power
dialog: And the glory forever. Amen.
text: As he prays, the CAMERA MOVES FROM one off the Palladists to
text: another. Tears form in Frances Fallon's eyes. Mrs. Redi turns
text: her head. Even Bruns, the ardent and fanatical believer,
text: chokes back a sob.
text: Both men turn and go. The CAMERA HOLDS ON the Palladist
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. DANTE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Jacqueline, still running, comes into the scene and goes up
text: the steps. She opens the front door and lets herself in.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER STAIRS - HALLWAY - DANTE - NIGHT
text: The gas light has been turned down so that there is only a
text: tiny flame to illuminate the hall. The draft in the hallway
text: stirs this little flame and the shadows move with it.
text: Jacqueline comes up the stairs. Now that she can be seen more
text: closely, it can be seen also that she is exhausted, her eyes
text: wild, her hair in disorder. She almost staggers as she
text: reaches the landing and goes slowly supporting herself on the
text: banisters, toward Mary's door. Her way brings her past Room
text: #7, the room with the noose. For a moment she stands weakly
text: staring at the door, then goes on. She has reached Mary's
text: room, has crossed the narrow hallway and her hand is almost
text: on the knob when Mimi's door opens and Mimi, white
text: night—gowned, comes out into the eerie gas light. Jacqueline
text: looks at her face which is distorted and horrible in the
text: moving shadows and flickering light. She stifles a scream.
text: The other girl is also frightened. The two stand staring at
text: each other for a moment.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I'm Mimi -- I'm dying.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Yes. It's been quiet, oh ever so
dialog: quiet. I hardly move, yet it keeps
dialog: coming all the time -—closer and
dialog: closer. I rest and rest and yet I
dialog: am dying.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: And you don't want to die. I've
dialog: always wanted to die -- always.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I'm afraid.
text: Jacqueline shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MIMI (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm tired of being afraid -— of
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: Why wait?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: (with sudden
dialog: determination)
dialog: I'm not going to wait. I'm going
dialog: out -- laugh, dance --do all the
dialog: things I used to do.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: And then?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: JACQUELINE
dialog: (very softly end almost
dialog: with envy)
dialog: You will die.
text: But Mimi has already turned back into her room. Jacqueline
text: stands watching until the light snaps on in Mimi's room and
text: then the door closing, plunges the hall into weird half light
text: again. In this semi-darkness, she turns away from Mary's door
text: and walks down the hall toward room #7. She opens the door
text: and goes in. For a brief moment the light from the hall casts
text: the shadow of a noose against the further wall of the room
text: and then the door closes behind her.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is lit by a single little lamp on the dressing table
text: — Mary herself stands near the window, looking out. Gregory
text: is talking over the telephone. From downstairs we hear Mrs.
text: Romari singing. The song comes faintly to this upper story.
text: She is singing an Italian song. The words are Dante's:
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI'S VOICE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Death, why hast thou made life so
dialog: hard to bear,
dialog: Taking my lady hence? East thou
dialog: no whit or shame?
dialog: The youngest flowers and the most
dialog: fair
dialog: Thou hast pluck'd. away and the
dialog: world wanteth it.
text: Gregory puts down the telephone and crosses to the window.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
text: That was Dr. Judd. He was phoning
dialog: to say that, Jacqueline is on her
dialog: way here -
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Gregory ——
dialog: (pauses then goes on)
dialog: you'd better take Jacqueline with
dialog: you tonight.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's what I should have done
dialog: yesterday. I'll take her away
text: somewhere where she can rest.
text: Mary turns back toward the window. Gregory stands watching
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Mary.
text: She turns toward him. He puts his hands on her shoulders and
text: turns her back to the window.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: No. Stay that way. I want to talk
dialog: to you. I love you -— you know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in a choked voice )
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Perhaps, later, when things are
dialog: settled, when Jacqueline's well
dialog: again -- maybe we can arrange
dialog: things differently.
text: Mary turns and faces him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I've never loved any one before,
dialog: Gregory, and I do love you -— you
dialog: must know it -- but Jacqueline's my
dialog: sister —— whom I had lost and have
dialog: found again....
dialog: (breaks off,)
dialog: (shaking her)
dialog: (head)
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: I know —— I shouldn't have told
dialog: you—
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, I'm glad....at least I've heard
dialog: you say it...
text: Mary shakes her head, turns back toward the window. They
text: stand together for a moment. From below comes the sound of
text: Mrs. Romari's singing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALL - DANTE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The CAMERA IS LEVELED on the empty hall. From downstairs
text: can be heard the sound of Mrs. Romari singing. Then Mimi's
text: door opens and Mimi sweeps out, dressed in a black dress,
text: gleaming with sequins, her hair piled high, her walk proud
text: and steady. She comes down the hall toward the camera. Just
text: as she reaches the door of #7, there is the sound of an
text: over—turned chair falling. She pauses and looks toward the
text: door. There is the creaking sound of the rope. She listens
text: for an instant, and failing to comprehend, sweeps on past the
dialog: camera.
scene_heading: INT. DANTE RESTAURANT - MORNING
text: It is a bright day and the sunlit street can be seen through
text: the windows. Children are hurrying by on their way to school,
text: At a table near the window Mary sits with Gregory. She has
text: been crying and has her sodden handkerchief in her hand.
text: Gregory has a pre-occupied air and is tracing figures on the
text: table cloth with his fork.
text: Jason comes in bearing a small tray with three tiny cups of
text: coffee on it. He puts a cup in front of each of them and
text: keeps one for himself. He sips his coffee.
text: Neither Mary nor Gregory touch theirs Jason pushes Mary's cup
text: toward her to attract her attention, She picks it up and
text: brings it to her lips.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I hate people who try to peddle
dialog: comfort. But,Mary, you shouldn't
dialog: mourn for Jacqueline. Life for her
dialog: was full of the agony of a
dialog: disordered mind. It's better this
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I keep telling myself that.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Well, tell yourself, Mary, that
dialog: this is a world that doesn't pass
dialog: with the passing of any one of us.
dialog: All three of us are going to start
dialog: afresh.
text: He looks up and across at Jason with a meaningful glance at
dialog: Mary.
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: You and I have new hopes —— and new
dialog: plans can come from them ——
text: Jason looks at him across Mary and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Not I —- I am alive, yet every hope
dialog: I had is dead,
dialog: (turns to Mary)
dialog: Death can be good. Death can be
dialog: happy.. If I were really dying I
dialog: could speak like Cyrano -— "My
dialog: courage like a white plume" — and
dialog: all the other lovely words with
dialog: which he greeted death. Then
dialog: perhaps you might understand,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (reaching over to touch
dialog: (his band)
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Good. We all understand each other.
dialog: You, Gregory and I. We all know.
text: There is sunlight in the streets
dialog: and work to do. Both of you -—
dialog: you're off to work.
text: He gets up and takes Mary's arm, helping her to rise.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Off with you. You can't sit here in
text: this cellar with the sun shining.
text: He hustles her toward the door and Gregory follows. Mary and
text: Gregory ascend the steps to the street level.
text: Jason steps back a pace or two so that he is backgrounded by
text: the mural of Dante. He stands there, and the smile leaves his
text: face. His whole body reflects his hopelessness and despair.
text: It is at this moment that Mrs. Romari comes hustling in from
dialog: the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROMARI
dialog: Ah! Good! They have all gone! Now
dialog: you and I can laugh and joke again.
text: He turns to her, forcing a smile.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: <!--
scene_heading: // FILE ARCHIVED ON 20011115124034 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
scene_heading: // INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 20031001101636.
scene_heading: // JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.
scene_heading: // ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
speaker_heading: // SECTION 108(a)(3)).
scene_heading: var sWayBackCGI = "http://web.archive.org/web/20011115124034/";
speaker_heading: function xLateUrl(aCollection, sProp) {
dialog: var i = 0;
dialog: for(i = 0; i < aCollection.length; i++)
dialog: if (aCollection[i][sProp].indexOf("mailto:") == -1 &&
scene_heading: aCollection[i][sProp].indexOf("javascript:") == -1)
dialog: aCollection[i][sProp] = sWayBackCGI + aCollection[i][sProp];
dialog: }
scene_heading: if (document.links) xLateUrl(document.links, "href");
scene_heading: if (document.images) xLateUrl(document.images, "src");
scene_heading: if (document.embeds) xLateUrl(document.embeds, "src");
dialog: if (document.body && document.body.background)
dialog: document.body.background = sWayBackCGI + document.body.background;
dialog: //-->
dialog: 
