speaker_heading: THE DESCENT 2
dialog: revisions by
dialog: James Watkins
dialog: 26th January 2008
dialog: Christian Colson
dialog: Celador Films
dialog: 39 Long Acre
speaker_heading: London WC2E 9LG
dialog: Tel: +44 (0)207 8456988
scene_heading: EXT. APPALACHIAN MOUNTAINS - DUSK [HELICOPTER SHOTS]
text: Storm clouds scud over a mountain range. Imposing peaks
text: impassable pine forest.
text: A phone line RINGS OVER, CONNECTS to...
text: VOICEMAIL MESSAGES. Ghost voices.
speaker_heading: SARAH CARTER (0.S.)
dialog: Hi, this is Sarah Carter. I’m away
dialog: for the rest of the month and won’t
dialog: be picking up messages.
speaker_heading: BETH (0.S.)
dialog: Hi, this is Beth. I’m in America,
dialog: so please don’t leave me a message
dialog: as it’s so expensive to pick them
dialog: up!
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST CLEARING - DUSK
text: Two abandoned 4x4 jeeps. On one bumper, a ‘Rock chic’
text: sticker. Inside, a cellphone GLOWS on the dashboard.
speaker_heading: HOLLY (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, this is Holly’s phone. No
dialog: shit! Leave a fuckin’ message.
dialog: Unless you’re Bobby Flynn- Bobby
dialog: piss off you stalker creep.
scene_heading: EXT. LOG CABIN - NIGHT
text: A backwoods cabin. Dark forest encroaching all around.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (0.S.)
dialog: Hi, this is Rebecca Van Ney. I’m
text: out of the office until the 13th.
dialog: In emergencies, you can reach me
dialog: via Juno Kaplan on-
scene_heading: INT. LOG CABIN - DUSK [STEADICAM]
text: Eerily empty ROOMS, CORRIDORS. Party leftovers. The girls’
text: suitcases, clothes, cosmetics, photo albums, medication...
text: A cellphone VIBRATES...
speaker_heading: JUNO KAPLAN (0.S.)
dialog: This is Juno. I can’t make the
dialog: phone right now. Please leave a
dialog: short message and I’1l get back to
dialog: you when I can.
text: A long message BEEP.
scene_heading: INT. BOREHAM CAVERNS - DARKNESS
scene_heading: Black screen. A MAN’S VOICE-
speaker_heading: MOUNTAIN RESCUE RANGER (0.S.)
dialog: This is Pulaskie Mountain Rescue.
dialog: We have an open flightplan which
dialog: you filed for Boreham Caverns which
dialog: you failed to close yesterday. We
dialog: have no record of your return and
dialog: your listed outside contact has not
dialog: heard from you. Please call us
dialog: urgently if you have forgotten to
dialog: sign back in. If we don’t hear from
dialog: you, we will assume you are still
text: underground and scramble an
dialog: emergency response.
text: Flashlights finally pierce the black
text: DAN SHEPHERD leads his RESCUE TEAM - GREG and Cath - as they
text: edge sideways along a thin, sloping seam.
text: Dan’s 42, a geologist by training, has an instinctive feel
text: for the rock. An Englishman, he is precise and spare in his
dialog: movements and manners.
text: Cath’s 26, a conservationist, who doubles as a rescue
dialog: volunteer.
text: Greg’s 22, a climbing instructor and extreme sports junkie,
dialog: always first up for a thrill-ride.
scene_heading: INT. CAVES - DARKNESS
text: They reach a JUNCTION. Dan gestures to Cath.
text: She puts on headphones. Sweeps each passage with a
text: directional microphone.
text: Under the hiss, SOMETHING FAINT. It sounds like CLICKING.
text: Cath turns up the dial. Concentrates. Half-heard against
text: electronic hum: CLICK. CLICK. Fricative, faintly human.
text: Greg GLUGS his sports drink. Dan silences him.
text: They stand, statues, as Cath focuses, frowns...
text: CLICK. CLICK. Signs of life? Or static hiss?
text: Dan shines his torch in the direction of the microphone. The
text: tunnel tapers to a crawlspace.
text: He gives Greg the nod. Greg disappears like a dachshund down
text: a rabbit hole. Dan follows. Then Cath.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWLSPACE - DARKNESS
text: Tight. Claustrophobic. The team wriggle on hands and knees as
text: the tunnel tapers ever tighter. Rock bears down above.
text: A false move dislodges stones and dust on Cath. The dust
text: settles. Cath settles herself.
text: The team burrow on, plunging through a FLOODED SECTION...
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: I ever tell you Winston Churchill’s
dialog: motto? KBO.
speaker_heading: CATH
speaker_heading: KBO?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Keep Buggering On.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Who’s Winston Churchill?
text: They KBO. Into a STALAGMITE CHAMBER.
text: Cath emerges last, wet, to a pat on the back from Dan. The
text: slightest smile.
scene_heading: CLICK. CLICK.
text: Their flashlights locate the source of the sound: water
text: dripping on a discarded energy drink bottle.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Could be them.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: (bagging the bottle)
dialog: Juno Kaplan’s no tourist. She was
dialog: president of my college cave club.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: She good?
speaker_heading: CATH
text: She was a back-stabbing, man-eating
dialog: bitch. But she could cave.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: When can I meet her?
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: She’s just your type. A glory
dialog: hunter. Always looking for
text: uncharted routes. Not a team player-
text: Dan runs his hands along the wall, dripping with water.
speaker_heading: DAN
text: Rainwater’s leaching through. Few
dialog: hours, this whole run’1l be
dialog: flooded. Come on.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEER ROCK WALL, BOREHAM CAVERNS - DAY
text: They climb a sheer rockface. Methodically, skillfully.
text: Halfway up, Greg bangs in a piton, clips a carabiner to it
text: secures a new rope, drops it over the overhang to Cath.
text: As he climbs on, he doesn’t see the piton slip from its
dialog: anchor position.
text: As the piton takes the strain of Cath’s weight, it POPS from
text: the wall. Cath, on the rope below, falls away...
text: Below, stalagmite spikes await her falling body.
text: Dan reacts fastest: engages his body belay, a mechanical
text: friction brake that grips on her safety rope and stalls her
dialog: descent...
text: Stopping Cath, inches above impalement
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Time to turn back.
text: He doesn’t let her see the friction burn on his hand.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Give up? Now?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Rest up, refocus.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: My focus’s fine.
text: Dan holds up Greg’s loose nut. Greg’s bravado slips in Cath’s
dialog: glare.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Greg, you ever ask yourself: who
dialog: rescues the rescuers?
scene_heading: EXT. BOREHAM CAVERNS ENTRANCE - DAY
text: They emerge into bright light and heavy rain. An emergency
text: operation has commandeered the car park: police, paramedics,
text: TV news crews.
text: Above the cave entrance, a rainbow SIGN depicts a grotto full
text: of stalagmites and stalactites. Bright letters proclaim-
text: “WELCOME TO BOREHAM CAVERNS!”
text: Dan and his team pass the next rescue shift, wishing them
text: luck. They stride on, past a news team. A FEMALE TV REPORTER
text: does a stand-up to camera.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: With the community still shaken
dialog: from last year’s Slapton Quarry
dialog: tragedy, here in Boreham, it’s
text: fresh heartache. As the search for
text: the missing women moves into its
dialog: second day «PRBS is fading for
dialog: Senator kai niece, Juno, and
dialog: her five friends-
text: Dan strides past, through the shot.
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: Man, we’re live here!
text: Dan strides on. Cath smiles...
text: As Dan strides past SHERIFF RILEY, doing interviews. A pious
text: pro, Riley’s a salesman whose product is himself.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF RILEY
dialog: We will literally leave no stone
dialog: unturned until we find those girls.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Thank you, Sheriff Riley.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF RILEY
dialog: Don’t thank me, thank these brave-
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Thank us when we find them.
text: Dan pounds past, uninterested. Greg likes the glory, lingers-
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Greg!
dialog: (Greg catches up)
speaker_heading: DAN(CONT'D)
dialog: You got four hours. Grab some food
dialog: and sleep.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: You too Dan.
text: Something in her smile galls Greg. Dan strides off towards
text: the concessions hut that serves as the emergency command
dialog: center.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: You wanna share a sleeping bag?
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Greg, the other night- I was as
dialog: drunk as a skunk-
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (snickering)
dialog: Best skunk I’ve ever had.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Go to bed Greg.
text: Shaking her head, she strides off, leaving him stranded.
scene_heading: INT. BOREHAM CAVERNS CONCESSIONS HUT/RESCUE HQ - NIGHT
text: Dan walks past tat and trinkets, up to the rescue mapboard.
speaker_heading: VAINES (0.S.)
dialog: Dan.
text: The voice stops Dan. History here. He turns to face CHIEF
text: DEPUTY REDMOND ‘RED’ VAINES. An old-school lawman, who shoots
text: from the hip, Vaines looks tired and careworn.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Chief.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Nothing?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: we’ve followed their flight plan
dialog: right through, traced all the trade
text: routes and black spots. Not a
text: whisper. People are getting tired.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Not our Sheriff.
text: Outside, they see Riley, bathing in news camera lights.
dialog: The TV in
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: You’d never know he was up for re-
dialog: election. He riding you hard?
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Like Zorro.
text: the corner distracts:
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER (V.O.)
text: Unanswered questions still dog the
dialog: police from last year’s tragic
dialog: deaths of two young sisters down
dialog: Slapton Quarry...
text: On the screen: a still photos of two smiling little girls;
text: old news footage of covered bodies stretched out from a cave.
text: Dan and Vaines watch themselves on the screen. Grim.
dialog: The image
speaker_heading: CLERGYMAN.
text: cuts live: worried RELATIVES, comforted by a
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Turns out Cath in my team knew Juno
text: Kaplan a bit back in college caving
dialog: days. Bit of a wild one. Risk-
dialog: taker.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Caving’s a small community, people
dialog: talk. Been a lot of talk about Juno
dialog: Kaplan.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: And I’m sure it’s all good.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Look, I’m not one to gossip.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: No, go on.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Talk is Juno’s the sort of girl
dialog: girl’s shouldn’t trust with their
dialog: guys. Specially girls like Sarah
dialog: Carter-
speaker_heading: VAINES
text: She was screwing her friend’s
dialog: husband?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Like I said, gossip.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Did Sarah Carter know?
dialog: (Dan shakes his head)
dialog: I need to talk to the husband.
speaker_heading: DAN
text: He and her daughter died in a car
dialog: wreck.
text: Vaines produces a clear plastic evidence bag: inside,
text: prescription pills for SARAH CARTER.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Seems she’s still getting over it
dialog: Olanzapine. It’s an atypical
text: antipsychotic. The clue’s in the
dialog: last word.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. GAS STATION/ROADHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A lone building on a deserted mountain highway.
text: INSIDE, an old TV plays a NEWS REPORT about Juno.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: An experienced caver, Juno Kaplan
dialog: had visited Boreham Caverns many
dialog: times. But for her five friends
dialog: this was the first-
text: Two DINERS watch ONSCREEN photos of Beth, Holly, Sarah-
speaker_heading: DINER
dialog: Gangbang, which one’d you do first?
text: SLAM! A WOMAN smacks the window next to the screen, leaving a
text: smeared bloody handprint.
text: Diners watch dumbfounded as the woman staggers inside.
text: She stares at them in shock. Collapses.
scene_heading: EXT. BOREHAM CAVERNS ENTRANCE - DAY
text: Vaines’ cell phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Lynch, what’s up? What? Where?
text: Vaines remembers the cameras. Moves away.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Give me an hour. Not a word on
dialog: this.
text: Closing his phone, Vaines strides to his deputy ELEN RIOS’s
text: vehicle. He’s old school, white and male. She’s an ex-city
dialog: cop [29], Hispanic, a woman in a man’s world. They’re chalk
dialog: and cheese.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Deputy, St Luke’s, fast as you can.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: St. Luke's? That's a hundred k from
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: So don’t drive like a girl.
dialog: (stopping Rios’s hand)
dialog: And stay off the siren. Keep the
text: vultures off our backs.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ROAD - NIGHT [HELICOPTER SHOT]
text: The police cruiser winds its way through mountain roads.
scene_heading: I/E. ST LUKE’S HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Vaines strides in. Rios struggles to match his strides.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: (reaching reception)
dialog: Marie sugarpie, I’1ll reconsider
dialog: those traffic tickets for a cup of
dialog: joe.
scene_heading: MARIE THE RECEPTIONIST
dialog: How do you like it, Chief?
speaker_heading: VAINES
text: Hot and wet.
text: Vaines winks. Rios winces as they walk on.
speaker_heading: VAINES (CONT'D)
dialog: Here in the country Rios, it’s
dialog: called being friendly.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: New York, it’s called a law suit.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Beats me why you ever left.
text: Rios’s face frames the same question. A WARD NURSE steps out
text: into the sheriff’s path.
speaker_heading: VAINES (CONT'D)
dialog: Right, where’s the mystery girl?
speaker_heading: WARD NURSE
text: She’s been sedated.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: She what?
speaker_heading: WARD NURSE
text: She was hysterical.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: I got five missing girls out there
dialog: and you put the one person who
dialog: knows where they are to SLEEP?
text: Vaines looks like he might hit him. The nurse shrinks back.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL COUNTY HOSPITAL - RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Bedside monitors BLIP Sarah’s vital signs. Stable.
text: Then, suddenly, the BLIPS quicken.
text: Sarah's eyes pop open. Bewildered. Struggling to compute
dialog: where she is and how she got there.
text: She eyes the unfamiliar room: her bed, her drips, her
text: machines, her window. [It eerily echoes the first film, when
dialog: she woke after the death of her family. ]
text: She hears a sound: an all too familiar sonar CLICK.
text: From under the bed...
text: CLICK. CLICK. Closing in.
text: She leans over to peer under the bed...
text: A TALONED HAND shoots out.
text: Sarah recoils.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL OBSERVATION ROOM - DAY
text: CCTV monitor: Sarah, under CCTV observation, jolts, huddles.
text: The image is PAUSED.
text: Vaines watches with DR. ROGER PAYNE. [Greybeard, gut,
dialog: Vaines’s fishing buddy. ]
text: Dr Payne fast-forwards the footage to: Sarah thrashing at
text: invisible assailants.
text: The doctor stops the playback
speaker_heading: DR PAYNE
text: She’s concussed, confused. Barely
dialog: knew her own name.
text: Through an OBSERVATION WINDOW, they view Sarah asleep in the
text: next room. On a table, lies Sarah’s bloodstained belongings.
text: As they talk, Rios picks up a pendant: inscribed on it, the
dialog: words, ‘love each day.’
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Physically?
speaker_heading: DR PAYNE
text: No major wounds. Scratches,
text: bruises... a bite mark.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: A dog?
speaker_heading: DR PAYNE
text: A man.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Any sexual violence?
speaker_heading: DR PAYNE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: You’ve scraped her fingernails?
speaker_heading: DR PAYNE
dialog: Miss, I’m not fresh out of med
dialog: school-
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: It’s Deputy.
text: Ignoring her, the doctor presents a zip-loc evidence baggy to
dialog: Vaines.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: DR PAYNE
text: She scratched big chunks outta
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: We should APB it state-wide. Some
dialog: sicko might have a story written on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Put it on the radio, we’ll have the
dialog: press down here like flies on shit.
dialog: Let’s keep a lid on this til we’ve
text: spoken to Sarah Carter.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Someone attacked her. He might
dialog: attack someone else.
text: Vaines holds up Sarah’s bloody clothing.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: How do we know it was a he? Lotta
dialog: blood for scratches and bruises. We
dialog: should run matches on the other
dialog: five girls. And run their dental
dialog: records against that bite wound.
dialog: And call Tracker Bill. I want his
dialog: dogs on this right away.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - RECOVERY ROOM - DAY.
text: Sarah stirs, scans the room, sweaty and disorientated.
text: A NURSE has her back to Sarah, checking Sarah’s vitals on the
dialog: monitors.
speaker_heading: NURSE (0.S.)
dialog: So you’re back with us...
text: The Nurse places water on the bed-table, obscuring Sarah’s
text: view. Sarah’s focus shifts to the nurse’s name tag.
speaker_heading: “JUNO”
text: Sarah looks up as the nurse turns. It’s JUNO. Her face a
text: vengeful death mask. Juno raises a CLIMBING PICK. And slams
text: it down towards Sarah’s face. As Sarah SCREAMS...
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - DAY
text: Vaines, Rios and the doctor watch Sarah bolt up. Awake.
text: Vaines makes a move for the door-
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Chief, let me- I’ve got four years
dialog: in the sexual trauma unit. I’ve
dialog: seen a lot of battered women. I’m
dialog: good at my job.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: This ain’t exactly domestic abuse.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: All the studies show, female vics
dialog: respond better to other females.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: You mean women?
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Fuck up, I’1ll step straight in.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - SARAH’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Sarah watches warily as the two police officers walk in.
text: Vaines hangs back as Rios approaches the bed.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah, I’m Deputy Elen Rios from
dialog: Hyett County Sheriff’s Department.
dialog: You’re at Hyett County Hospital.
dialog: We’ve been looking for you and your
dialog: missing friends. Been following
dialog: your Boreham Cavern flightplan.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Did you go down Boreham Caverns?
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Because your cars weren’t in the
dialog: car park. And you showed up nowhere
dialog: near.
text: Overwhelmed, confused, Sarah struggles to remember
speaker_heading: RIOS (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you remember? Can you remember
dialog: anything? You’re the only one who
dialog: knows where your friends are.
text: Sarah shakes her head: it’s all cotton wool, a blurred blank.
scene_heading: FLASH MEMORY [FIRST MOVIE]: Sarah stuck in the tight
text: crawlspace, fighting to get out as the cave collapses.
text: BACK IN THE HOSPITAL, Sarah stiffens at the memory.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Trapped.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Trapped? Where? Boreham?
text: Vaines watches on as Sarah shakes her head, as much in
dialog: confusion as negation.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: You didn’t go down Boreham, did
dialog: you? Why did Juno Kaplan file a
dialog: fake flight plan for Boreham
dialog: Caverns? Where did you go Sarah?
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE DINER - DAY
text: BILL, a grizzled outdoorsman, opens the bag of clothes for
text: his bloodhounds to sniff. Sets his hounds on the hunt. They
text: pick up a FOREST trail immediately. Bill and DEPUTY RYAN
speaker_heading: LYNCH follow.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH’S ROOM, HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Rios produces a photo: the girls posing outside their cabin.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Your friends are in real trouble
dialog: Sarah.
dialog: (lays down more photos)
dialog: Sam, Rebecca. Do you know where
dialog: they are? They need your help. Can
dialog: you remember anything?
text: Sarah’s eyes lock on the photos of Sam and Rebecca.
text: As she does the BEEP BEEP BEEP of her vitals quickens...
scene_heading: FLASH MEMORY- THE CAVES- FROM THE FIRST FILM-
text: SAM and REBECCA. Screaming. Running. Pure fear
scene_heading: BACK IN THE HOSPITAL- -
text: The BEEP BEEP BEEP accelerates.
text: Rios lays out more photos for Sarah.
text: Vaines scrutinizes every flicker on her face.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Holly. Beth...
scene_heading: FLASH MEMORY -- THE FIRST FILM...
text: HOLLY shouts in pain.
text: Sarah slams a rock down onto BETH’S face.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE HOSPITAL- -
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Beth-
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Beth? Is she okay? What can you
dialog: remember?
text: The image torments Sarah: it’s not something she cares to
dialog: share.
text: BEEP BEEP BEEP. Her vitals race faster.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Where are they Sarah?
dialog: (lays down photo of Juno)
dialog: Where’s Juno?
text: The BEEPING goes crazy. Sarah’s breathing quickens. Her
text: pupils dilate. A SCREECH pierces through Sarah’s ears..
text: FLASHBACK TO -- THE FIRST FILM...
text: Sarah and Juno lock eyes. Sarah raises a pick...
scene_heading: BACK IN THE HOSPITAL- -
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Juno-
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Juno- What happened to Juno? What
dialog: happened to her?
text: Sarah stares back.
text: Vaines studies her: her eyes haunted, her face etched with
dialog: the strain- of some shocking secret?
text: Rios, aware of Vaines itching to intervene, tries to keep
dialog: patient.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Juno. Your friend? What happened to
dialog: her?
text: Sarah’s eyes waver. Her vitals BEEP faster.
text: FLASH MEMORY: Sarah slams the pick into Juno’s leg. Juno
dialog: screams.
text: Sarah, drenched in blood, SCREAMS.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE HOSPITAL- -
dialog: 16.
text: Sarah convulses, tugging her drip from her hand. She clutches
text: her head. Trying to shut out the onslaught of her memories.
text: To make sense of the fragments inside her mind.
text: Vaines can’t contain himself any longer, charges in.
speaker_heading: VAINES
scene_heading: ARE. THEY. STILL. ALIVE?
text: It’s the question Sarah can’t- or won’t- answer.
text: They hold eye contact...
text: Vaines’s POLICE RADIO splutters to life.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY LYNCH (ON RADIO)
dialog: Sheriff. Come in. It’s Lynch.
text: Vaines steps out into the corridor.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Go ahead, Deputy-
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL MINE - CONTINUOUS
text: The dogs BARK, unsettled, at the mouth of a derelict mine.
scene_heading: INTERCUT LYNCH AND VAINES
speaker_heading: DEPUTY LYNCH
dialog: We’re up at Chapel Mine. Dogs
text: tracked her scent up the hill, but
dialog: kinda lost it up here. Something’s
dialog: got ‘em spooked.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Chapel mine? Any sign of the other
dialog: girls?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY LYNCH
dialog: No sir.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Keep looking.
text: Rios steps out into the corridor, steaming.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: I was getting through.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: You were getting nowhere.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: You can’t peel an orange wearing
text: boxing gloves.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Rios, some day soon, come round my
dialog: place, sit on the porch, sip a
dialog: soda, speak to my wife. You’ll see,
dialog: I can be nice. But now I got five
dialog: girls missing.
text: Dr Payne interrupts, holding a print-out
speaker_heading: DR PAYNE
text: The blood swab from Sarah Carter’s
dialog: clothes- it’s A positive- matches
dialog: Juno Kaplan.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: I’m A positive. A third of the
dialog: state is A positive.
text: Beat. Vaines rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: The hell do you think’s gone on
dialog: here? I don’t know whether I’m
text: looking at a victim or a suspect.
dialog: (silencing Rios)
dialog: And you don’t either.
speaker_heading: DR PAYNE
dialog: She still not talking?
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: She can’t remember jack shit.
speaker_heading: RIOS
text: Post-traumatic amnesia. Brain shuts
dialog: down non-vital systems after
dialog: extreme stress.
text: Vaines looks to the doctor. He shrugs: ‘could be.’
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: For how long?
dialog: (the doctor shrugs)
dialog: Those girls don’t have that long.
scene_heading: INT. BOREHAM CAVERNS - NIGHT
text: Dan Shepherd, half-awake, clutches his phone.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: DAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: My team are beat.
text: INTERCUT VAINES AT THE HOSPITAL
speaker_heading: VAINES (ON PHONE)
dialog: Look, I don’t want to shift the
dialog: whole circus, just need a couple of
dialog: men to pick up where the dogs left
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: DAN (ON PHONE)
dialog: Chapel Mine’s a maze. We had to
dialog: pull some frat boys out a few years
dialog: ago. We could search for months and
dialog: still not cover it.
speaker_heading: VAINES (ON PHONE)
dialog: Jesus, Dan, every night in my
dialog: dreams I go down Slapton Quarry,
dialog: body bag those two little girls and
text: bring out them out to their momma.
dialog: Don’t tell me you don’t too.
text: Dan looks over at Cath, asleep. He gently covers her where
text: her blanket has slipped. Greg, not asleep, watches.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: What if we took Sarah Carter? See
dialog: if she remembers something? Narrow
dialog: the search area.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROADS - NIGHT
text: A police cruiser races through torrential rain, past a Shell
text: gas station that has long lost the S from its roadside sign.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CRUISER - NIGHT
text: Sarah sits numb, shutdown, on the backseat.
text: She feels Vaines’s gaze from the front. Beside her, Rios.
text: From the way Rios locks eyes with Vaines, it’s clear she’s
dialog: thinks this is a bad decision.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL MINE - NIGHT
text: They drive along a perimeter fence.
text: Deputy Lynch greets them at a gate.
scene_heading: CHAPEL MINE: DANGER. KEEP OUT.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: You recognise this?
text: Sarah feels Vaines’s eyes still on her.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAWN
text: They drive past rusted machinery, toothless railway tracks
text: long grass reclaiming everything...
text: Towards the MINEHOUSE. A rackety wooden shack that houses the
text: elevator, with a spire for the pulley system.
speaker_heading: VAINES (CONT'D)
dialog: This ring any bells?
text: Sarah shakes her head.
text: At the mine entrance, the RESCUE TEAM’s TRUCK awaits. Dan,
text: Cath and Greg, kitting up, salute greetings.
text: Rios’s cellphone RINGS. Rios tries to shield her cellphone
text: conversation from all around, especially her boss.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sweetheart, hi...cookies, oh
dialog: yummy... No, not tonight. Yes I
dialog: promised, but remember how we
dialog: talked about Mommy’s job? How I
dialog: help people? Well, some people need
dialog: my help tonight. Be good for Mrs
dialog: Smith. Sweet dreams. Bye-bye. Bye.
text: The police car pulls up.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: When you’re ready, Deputy.
text: Vaines gets out and opens Sarah’s door.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL MINE - MAIN ACCESS SHAFT - CONTINUOUS
text: They kit up and head in. Dan points to their guns.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Heavy metal. You won’t need those.
text: Rios hands her gun over to Deputy Lynch to look after. Dan
text: sees that Vaines is ignoring him.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: This is a missing person’s case.
dialog: What the hell do you think you’re
dialog: gonna find?
speaker_heading: VAINES
text: My gun stays with me.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: (to Cath)
dialog: Bet it’s got a name.
text: They advance inside. Flashlights illuminate rusty cogs
text: wheels, pulleys. A metal LIFT CAGE sits over an open ELEVATOR
speaker_heading: SHAFT.
text: Sarah, drawn back into the darkness, stiffens, instantly
text: uneasy. Vaines tries to read recognition in her response.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah? Is this familiar?
text: Sarah is unresponsivlM@#&hding at the shaft, looking down
text: into the dark, she retreats further into herself.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Hello? This is Hyett County Sheriff
dialog: Department. ANYBODY THERE?!
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah? You recognise anything here?
text: All eyes on Sarah: Sarah shrinks; some limbic survival sense
dialog: tells her something’s not right
text: Dan shines his torch down the shaft: his beam doesn’t
text: penetrate the depths of the darkness.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: She couldn’t have climbed up here.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: It’s a big mountain. I’m sure
dialog: there’s some foxhole somewhere she
dialog: coulda climbed out. But we don’t
dialog: know it- and this takes us direct
text: to the main vein, connects to the
dialog: cave system. Right?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: No one knows those caves. It’s
text: hostile down there. And she looks
text: like a ghost.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: DAN(CONT'D)
dialog: What if she has a major flashback
dialog: or flip-out, or finds her friends
dialog: dead?
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: We don’t know they’re dead. I just
dialog: want confirmation we’re in the
dialog: right arena. Get the nod, narrow
text: down the area.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: I don’t know, Red. Standard
dialog: procedure- you don’t take people
text: back down. It’s me and two rookies.
dialog: I can’t take responsibility for
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Dan, we got five girls might still
dialog: be alive. She’s the only one who's
dialog: been down there. There’s a million
dialog: miles of caves and fuck-all time.
dialog: Bend the fuckin’ rules.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Cath?
dialog: (Cath nods)
dialog: Greg?
text: Greg cracks a snap-light, drops it down the shaft. Finally it
text: hits bottom, casts a dim glow from the distant base.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Too far for our ropes. We could
text: piggy-back on the elevator cables.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Why not just take the elevator?
text: Greg and Cath examine the elevator’s cogs and gears.
speaker_heading: GREG
text: Bit creaky, but basically sound.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: (to Dan)
dialog: Bit like you, boss.
dialog: Dan nods to Vaines: let’s do it.
text: Dan leads his rescue team into the cage.
text: Sarah hesitates.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Something down there you want to
dialog: tell me about?
dialog: (Sarah says nothing)
dialog: Deputy.
text: Rios escorts Sarah into the lift.
text: Vaines clanks closed the cage door.
text: Sarah suddenly looks trapped.
text: The elevator is packed with bodies. Claustrophobic. Rios
text: struggles for space. Air. Closes her eyes, taking clandestine
text: deep breaths. Opening her eyes, she sees Vaines, watching
text: her, alive to her vulnerability.
text: Vaines puts his hand on the release lever. Dan and Greg take
dialog: the winches...
text: Vaines releases the lever.
text: The lift starts THE DESCENT...
text: Sarah watches tombstone slabs of rock passing by inches from
text: her face. Her dread rising as they descend.
text: Above, the drum wheel turns, playing out lift cables. The
text: wood shuttering CREAKS.
text: Slowly the cage descends.
text: To the terrible CLICK of ratchet teeth.
text: Down, down, down. Darkness swallowing them up.
text: The square of light above them receding...
text: Sarah’s eyes, watching it go...
text: Trying to ignore the GRINDING of the cables.
text: Of an endless descent, a descent into hell.
text: Soundtracked by the CLICK...CLICK...CLICK...of lift gears.
text: It’s like Sarah is descending into her past, her memories...
text: The deeper they go, the more dilapidated the mineshaft, the
dialog: more degraded the mechanism.
dialog: Nervous looks: do they keep going?
text: CLICK...CLICK...
dialog: 23.
text: Each click a little aural trigger in Sarah’s head,
text: reverberating and distorting...
text: CLICK...CLICK...
text: Little toxic timebombs, threatening to burst in her head...
text: FLASHFRAME: The snap of a demonic jaw. Too short and blurred
text: to comprehend, long enough to shock.
text: Her imagination in overdrive, Sarah can barely breathe. She
text: shuts her eyes, trying to shut out the nightmare.
text: But she can’t shut out the CLICK, CLICK of ratchet teeth...
text: The CLICK, CLICK of sprocket teeth...
text: That haunting inhuman CLICKING that rattles in her head
text: shards of memory stabbing through...
text: Her eyes spring open...Seeing...
text: FLASHFRAME. In the rock relief, like a Goya devil, a CRAWLER
text: snaps at Sarah...
text: ...Sarah snaps from her stupor.
text: She THRASHES, LASHES OUT...
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: DON’T GO DOWN. THERE’S SOMETHING
text: DOWN THERE.
text: Sarah lurches for the lever.
speaker_heading: VAINES
speaker_heading: RIOS!
text: Rios grabs for Sarah...
text: Sarah slips her grasp, catches the lever.
text: The lever’s sudden change of direction grinds hard on the
text: teeth, snapping one, releasing the ratchet grip on the
dialog: elevator cable.
text: The lift jolts down.
text: Throwing its occupants over, smashing them against the cage
dialog: and each other.
text: As the gear teeth catch and re-engage, the cage STOPS just as
text: suddenly, throwing everyone down hard.
text: But still Sarah struggles. Rios spins her into an arm lock
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Rios, you got her?
text: But Sarah wants out. She thrashes for freedom. Rattles the
text: cage. Vaines wades in to assist. Together they cuff her to
text: its metal wall, restrain her.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah, calm down. It’s okay. It’s
dialog: in your head. Whatever you’re
dialog: seeing- it’s not real. It’s trauma.
dialog: Tricks of the brain. You're safe.
text: The cables CREAK ominously; the stressed metal GROANS.
text: Vaines gets right in Sarah’s face.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: You remember something?
speaker_heading: RIOS
text: Chief, the woman’s traumatised.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: They down here? They down here?
dialog: (to Dan)
dialog: Get us to the bottom.
text: Dan hesitates. Vaines’s eyes brook no argument.
text: Dan releases the lever. They continue their descent...
text: With teeth missing, sprockets jag and slip on every
text: revolution; the movement down is jerky and unsettling.
text: Wary eyes flit between Sarah and the fractured mechanism.
text: The lift grinds and stutters down.
text: Finally, CLANK.
text: The cage THUDS against the stone floor at the bottom of the
dialog: shaft.
text: The door at the bottom is bent, buckled and rusted.
text: Greg struggles to yank it partially open.
text: They have to squeeze and struggle through the gap.
text: Vaines and Rios escort Sarah out. Vaines catches Dan’s look
text: Sarah huddles tight to a wall. Small, silent, watchful. Rios
text: attends to her.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: You want a drink? You remembered
dialog: something. What did you remember?
dialog: Trust me, I want to help you.
text: Sarah stares into the deep black darkness.
text: Dan takes Vaines aside.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: I should never have let you bring
dialog: her down here.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: You heard her, Dan. They’re down
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DAN
text: The woman’s a fright. She doesn’t
dialog: know what she’s saying.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Let me worry about her. Let’s just
dialog: get to the cave.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Down here, I call the shots. Right?
scene_heading: INT. MINE - LOWER LEVEL - SIDE TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Flashlights. Dan leads the group along a tapering TUNNEL
text: They squeeze past upturned coal carts, rusted mining gear
text: Slow, hard progress, resolutely downward...
text: Sarah, sandwiched between Rios and Vaines, watchful and
dialog: watched.
text: JUNCTION. Dan checks his map schematic.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Cave’s this way.
scene_heading: INT. INSECURE MINE TUNNEL - DARKNESS
text: The team weave through pit props that have warped and shifted
text: from their foundations. They creak and groan. The roof is
text: partially collapsed, riddled with cracks, rains down regular
text: showers of dust.
text: The threat of total collapse is ever present.
dialog: 26.
text: Rios fights to rein in her claustrophobia, fails to hide it
text: from Vaines. Rios focusses on the job: Sarah.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Recognise anything?
text: Sarah sticks tight to the wall, watchful. Withdrawn. Dan and
text: Cath share a worried look.
text: Cath’s torch flickers. Faulty.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Cath, how long have I been teaching
dialog: you? Your light is your life.
text: Greg tuts, flicking his flashlight in Cath’s face. Dan
text: catches him as he passes, taps his shoulder.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Teamwork.
scene_heading: INT. RELIEF TUNNELS - DARKNESS
text: Tight passages. Hollows in the rough walls cast deep shadows.
text: Form shapes like screaming faces.
text: Sarah’s eyes search every corner for other movement.
text: The shifting flashlights flick across the outline of a
text: figure, hanging in shadow.
text: Sarah freezes.
text: Rios follows her look. She too glimpses something in the
dialog: shadows .
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: There’s something there!
text: Everybody swings their lights round. They illuminate--
text: An old mining lamp, hanging off a warped pit prop.
text: Rios feels Vaines’s withering gaze.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: The dark does funny things to
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: I’m fine.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: I’m scared of stuffed animals.
dialog: Seriously. She okay?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: She look okay?
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Dan’s the best. He’1ll see us
dialog: through.
text: Greg winces.
scene_heading: INT. NUGGET GALLERY - DARKNESS
text: Flashlights cut through the dark. The team slosh and scrape
text: through the grimy, wet twisty tunnel. Cold and claggy.
text: Greg runs his fingers across a vein of minerals glistening in
text: the wall. He picks up and pockets a glinting nugget.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Goddamned gold mine.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Fool’s gold.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Should hit the cave system
dialog: somewhere up here.
text: The team turn a corner into a GALLERY littered with old
text: lamps, helmets. Dan picks up an old Davey lamp, sparks it up.
speaker_heading: DAN
text: Blue flame shows the presence of
dialog: methane.
text: Dan checks his gas meter on his belt: it flashes red, showing
dialog: a high methane count.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Woh. Watch for sparks. Secure all
text: loose metal, crampons, picks, nuts.
dialog: Guns.
text: Flashlight falls on a gnarled horse skeleton on the floor
text: Its skull stares up, incisors open as if screaming.
text: An unnerving sight, met with silence.
text: Sarah’s stares, remembering...
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: What’s that? A pit pony?
text: Dan scours the crime scene: claw marks run down one wall.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Miners probably hit a methane
dialog: pocket. Looks like the poor
dialog: bastards tried to claw their way
dialog: out.
text: Sarah stares at the claw marks.
text: Shaken by the flashback, Sarah shrinks against the wall.
text: Vaines, eagle-eyed, nods to Rios.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah, help me help you- you know
dialog: something. What do you know?
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Up here.
text: A CRACK in the rocks. Greg clears a crawlspace through the
dialog: rocks...
speaker_heading: GREG (0.S.)
dialog: It’s the cave.
text: Greg burrows through a crack in the rocks. Disappears.
speaker_heading: GREG (0.S.)
dialog: We’re getting warm!
text: Greg appears. Holding a cracked snaplight
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Snaplight! Miner’s didn’t have
dialog: these.
text: Vindication for Vaines. He turns to Sarah. They all do.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah?
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Time to help us find your friends.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL CAVERN - NIGHT
text: The last of the team haul themselves through the CRACK into
text: an enormous CATHEDRAL CAVERN.
text: They scan with their flashlights for signs of life.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Greg, T.I.
dialog: 29.
text: Greg pulls out his thermal imaging camera. A small, robust
text: device, with a pistol-grip. Body heat registers on its screen
text: as red hot spots as he pans across the various members of the
text: team as they probe the various tunnels.
text: He probes the shadows. Nothing.
text: Rios sits with Sarah, trying to coax some answers out of her
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah- Anything you can tell us-
dialog: anything you recognise- narrow the
dialog: area- help us find your friends.
speaker_heading: CATH/VAINES
text: HELLO! ANYBODY THERE! HELLO!
text: A noise. A CLICKING.
text: Sarah shrinks. Peering into the blackness.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: What Sarah?
speaker_heading: CATH/VAINES
text: HELLO! JUNO!
text: CLICK. CLICK. Is it just in Sarah’s head?
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Anyone hear that? Sounded like
dialog: movement.
text: Vaines studies Sarah’s nervous reaction.
speaker_heading: CATH
text: HELLO! ANYONE THERE! ANYONE THERE!
speaker_heading: JUNO!
text: Cath’s voice ECHOES up the mine.
text: Sarah tightens, increasingly edgy.
scene_heading: CLICK. CLICK.
text: Flashframe: A full-form glimpse of a crawler attack.
speaker_heading: CATH
speaker_heading: HELLO!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: SHUT UP! THEY’LL HEAR YOU!
text: A sudden, ferocious intervention: Sarah tries to smother Cath
text: from speaking. Both Dan and Greg compete to assist Cath.
dialog: 30.
text: The police officers take Sarah.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Who’1l hear you? Your friends?
text: Sarah feels all the eyes on her. She can’t formulate words.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Creatures.
text: She sees their faces: mirrors to her madness. Sarah stung by
text: Rios’s look.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Creatures.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE SYSTEM - JUNCTION CAVE - NIGHT
text: The team clamber through the tight tunnel.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: Sarah surveys the dark, terrified what their shouts will
text: attract. No one notices as Sarah grabs a weapon of her own: a
text: sharp flint fragment. She slips it into her trousers.
text: The team reach a JUNCTION: THREE TUNNELS confront them.
text: Dan’s light catches a glint in the MIDDLE TUNNEL
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: What’s that?
text: Dan and Cath go into the tunnel.
text: Cath picks up... A woman’s caving boot. Almost brand new.
text: Everyone immediately understands its importance.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Rock’ard. That’s a British brand.
text: All eyes turn to Sarah.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: If the boot fits-
text: The way Sarah stares at the boot is recognition enough for
text: Vaines, who shines his light up the TUNNEL.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: (taps his ear)
dialog: Cath.
text: Cath takes out electronic LISTENING EQUIPMENT. Sweeps the
dialog: cave.
speaker_heading: VAINES
scene_heading: HELLO? HELLO? JUNO? BETH?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: If you shut up, we might hear
dialog: something.
text: From Cath’s POV - with all SOUND amplified through her
text: headphones - even landing water-droplets SOUND momentous...
text: PLINK! PLINK! PLINK!
text: Cath arcs the microphone round further. Follows the sound...
scene_heading: INT. DRIPPING CAVE - DARKNESS
text: Cath leads the way.
text: PLINK! PLINK!
text: Drops shimmer in flashlight beams.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Flood water.
text: Vaines stays on Sarah’s shoulder, prodding her on.
text: Rios follows.
text: PLINK! PLINK!
text: Cath moves round to the far corner of the cavern.
text: Cath stops at the SOUND. Everyone notices she’s picked up on
text: something. There’s silence. Silence...
speaker_heading: CLICK.
dialog: Cath points: something’s down there...
text: They edge towards the dark far corner. Sarah, on high-alert,
text: slows, but Vaines pushes her on.
text: Dan signals to a halt. Because the flashlights faintly pick
text: out something in the shadowy corner...
dialog: 32.
text: A person sitting on the ground leaning against a wall.
text: Dan and Vaines exchange a look. Justified in his decision to
text: come this way, Vaines takes control. Pushes forward. Sees--
text: A woman. Head turned away. Face not visible. But the woman’s
text: jaw is moving. Working up and down like she’s mumbling to
text: herself. Everyone tenses.
speaker_heading: VAINES
text: She’s still alive.
text: The woman’s “chattering” teeth CLICK again.
text: Sarah can barely breath.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Miss? You okay? Miss?
text: Vaines moves closer. Reaches out. Touches the woman’s face.
text: Her head lolls sideways.
dialog: It’s REBECCA...
text: Dead. Half of her face is missing. Ripped away. But, eerily,
text: her jaw is still chattering. Vaines edges in to look. Slowly
text: a fat rat slips out from inside her mouth.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Jesus!
text: The group reels backwards.
text: Sarah’s legs buckle; she struggles to breathe.
text: Rios goes to the body. Examines it.
speaker_heading: RIOS
text: The main arteries are severed.
text: All eyes on Sarah. Vaines looks accusatory.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Who did this? Do you know who did
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Chief, it’s her friend-
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: If she’s innocent, she’1l wanna
dialog: help us help her friends.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: If? You don’t think-?
dialog: 33.
text: Sarah catches Rios’s non-committal look.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Woh, wait a minute. I thought she
dialog: was a victim here? What are you
dialog: saying, you think she’s a suspect?
dialog: (silence)
dialog: This is fucking crazy. Fucking
dialog: crazy bringing her down here.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Greg! Save it.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Dan, I see you keep your team well
dialog: disciplined.
text: Beat. Dan stares down Vaines. Betrayed.
text: Rios’s flashlight settles on a scrap of Rebecca’s clothing
text: just inside a TIGHT TUNNEL that disappears into the rock.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: She came this way.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Let’s go.
text: Beat. Dan and Vaines lock looks.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Greg, take point.
text: Greg hesitates.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: I’1l go.
text: Greg stops her. Shoves past. Burrows in...
scene_heading: IN THE TIGHT TUNNEL--
text: Greg powers through. Manic. Over-compensating.
scene_heading: IN THE DRIPPING CAVE--
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Greg, go easy. You get stuck in
dialog: there we’1l have to break your
dialog: collar bone to get you out
text: This does little for Rios’s nerves.
scene_heading: IN THE TIGHT TUNNEL- -
dialog: 34.
text: Greg fights on, teeth gritted.
speaker_heading: DAN (ON CAVE RADIO)
dialog: Greg, you okay?
speaker_heading: GREG (INTO RADIO)
dialog: Never better.
scene_heading: IN THE DRIPPING CAVE--
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: So who’s next?
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Rios-
text: Vaines scrutinises her, to see if she hesitates. Rios
text: determined not to, nods, squeezes into the tunnel...
text: Vaines turns to Sarah.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: You don’t leave my sight.
text: Sarah doesn’t move. Vaines shoves her in, bulldozing himself
text: in behind her.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Rios’1l be right in front of you.
dialog: I’1l be right behind.
scene_heading: IN THE TIGHT TUNNEL-
text: The deeper Rios crawls, the narrower the tunnel. Squeeze
text: tight. A claustrophobe’s constrictive hell. She couldn’t even
dialog: turn back if she wanted to. And, compounding her fears, Sarah
text: scrambling behind, contributing to the bottle-neck
scene_heading: IN THE DRIPPING CAVE--
text: Dan and Cath, alone. She gives him a little smile,
text: disappears down the hole.
text: Alone with Rebecca’s body, Dan’s smile slips.
scene_heading: IN THE TIGHT TUNNEL--
text: Greg sees the end of the tunnel. It opens into a NEW CHAMBER.
text: As Greg disappears around a bend ahead, Rios loses sight of
text: him. Alone with her fears, she is floundering. Her fears are
text: winning. Starting to panic, she snags herself, fights free,
text: dislodging rock dust. She clenches at the prospect of the
text: imminent crush. The roof doesn’t fall in, but the weight of
text: rock hangs over her, like a vast tombstone slab.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Breathe. Breathe.
text: Meanwhile, Sarah crawls fast and catches up with Rios.
text: Behind Sarah, Vaines struggles to keep up.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Slow down.
text: Sarah ignores him. Cursing, Vaines redoubles his effort.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE SYSTEM - HONEYCOMB JUNCTION - DARKNESS
text: Greg pulls himself out the TUNNEL, takes off his helmet
text: composes himself. Shines his flashlight round.
text: The stone wall is pocked like honeycomb: black hollows lead
text: off in every direction.
text: Rios collapses out the tunnel. She gulps air
text: hyperventilating. Greg attends to her.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Breathe with me. In...and out...and
dialog: in...and out...and in...and
dialog: out...There you go, lovely big
dialog: breasts.
text: Seeing he’s trying to lighten the tone, Rios finds a smile.
text: But looking back at where she came from chills her.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: I can’t do that again.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: You did great.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: I can’t.
scene_heading: IN THE TUNNEL- -
text: Vaines, out of shape, makes slow progress, struggles on.
text: IN THE HONEYCOMB JUNCTION.
text: Sarah crawls out, twitchy and watchful. Her eyes search every
dialog: shadow.
speaker_heading: GREG
text: HELLO! HELLO!
text: CRAWLER CLICKS still Sarah. The others pick up on her fear.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: What is it?
text: Greg swings his light across the large cave.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: It’s nothing.
text: But he’s not sure. He scans his thermal imaging around:
text: nothing... Only the three hotspots of their bodies...
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Calm down, it’s just in your head.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: You gotta try and be like me: big
dialog: empty space between your ears.
text: But something registers in Sarah’s eyes...
text: SUDDENLY, A RED FILLS HIS T.I. SCREEN, A FOURTH HOT SPOT...
scene_heading: IN THE TIGHT TUNNEL--
text: Vaines hears SCREAMS ahead, but his view is blocked by the
text: twisting tunnel. He can only hear the echoing sounds of an
text: attack, with its attendant GRUNTS, GROANS, STRIKES,
speaker_heading: SCUFFLING.
speaker_heading: VAINES
speaker_heading: RIOS!
text: No reply. Vaines bulls his way through the twisting tunnel.
text: Rounding a bend, his view still obscured by rock, he glimpses
text: shadows on the wall, human shapes fighting...
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: RIOS, YOU OKAY?
text: Fighting forwards, Vaines’s gunbelt snags on the sidewall.
text: FURTHER BACK, Cath hears the ATTACK.
scene_heading: IN THE DRIPPING CAVE--
text: Dan hearing GURGLING, SLASHING on the radio...
text: Then listens as SILENCE and STATIC HISS replace SCREAMS.
scene_heading: IN THE TUNNEL- -
text: Clearing the rock, Vaines sees Sarah slip from view, escaping
text: into the honeycombs tunnels.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: STOP!
scene_heading: IN THE HONEYCOMB JUNCTION--
text: Vaines climbs out the tunnel. Surveys the scene:
text: Sarah and Greg have disappeared. Rios lies cold on the floor
text: Vaines goes to her aid.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Rios.
text: He slaps her round. She is groggy, disorientated.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Rios, what the hell happened here?
dialog: Where did she go?
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: It was so fast.
text: Vaines remembers his thermal imaging camera. Rewinds the
text: image, plays back the frenzied attack: just shapes- but the
text: impression is undeniable- one human form jumping at another.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: I don’t know what happened.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Jesus Christ, Rios.
text: Vaines looks at her with contempt
text: SCREAMS [Greg] echo from down the tunnels.
text: Vaines spots bloody drag-marks leading into one of the
text: honeycomb tunnels. Drawing his gun, he follows the blood.
text: Ten feet down, Vaines catches a glimpse of movement, gives
text: chase deeper into the honeycombs.
scene_heading: INT. HONEYCOMB - CONTINUOUS
text: The honeycomb caverns are a maze. Multiple choices at every
text: turn. Vaines tracks the blood trail.
text: Hearing SCUTTLING feet, he speeds up...
scene_heading: IN THE HONEYCOMB JUNCTION--
text: Cath crawls out the tunnel, finds only a confused Rios.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: What happened? Where’ve they gone?
dialog: You hurt?
text: Dan crawls out, catches Cath’s look.
scene_heading: INT. HONEYCOMBS - DARKNESS
text: Sarah, tucked in the shadows, watches flashlights disappear
dialog: down other passages.
text: She tucks tight, kills her light.
scene_heading: INT. HONEYCOMB - OTHER PASSAGES - DAY
text: Vaines hears the horrors echoing through the caves.
text: Vaines tracks with his flashlight and Greg’s thermal imaging
text: camera down A SERIES OF TWISTING PASSAGES.
scene_heading: INT. HONEYCOMB - OTHER PASSAGES - DAY
text: Dan, Cath and Rios search the tunnels.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Greg! Greg! Vaines! Fucking
text: Honeycombs. Five minutes, they’11
dialog: all be lost.
text: The tunnel opens out into a STALACTITE CHAMBER.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: See that, stress point between two
dialog: strata. Roof’s unstable. Stick to
dialog: the walls.
text: Rios looks up in fear at the limestone swords that hang above
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. HONEYCOMB - OTHER PASSAGES - DAY
text: Vaines hunts his prey.
text: Suddenly, SCUFFLING SOUNDS in shadows draw his beams.
text: Frustrated with his flashlight’s limited range, he switched
text: to TI. Holding his gun in his other hand, he tracks...
text: Through corkscrew tunnels.
text: Alert to ambush points at every corner.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Sarah? Sarah, this is Chief Vaines.
dialog: I know you’re scared. Let’s just
dialog: take it easy, talk this out.
text: A humanoid hot spot skids across his thermal imaging frame.
text: Vaines hunts it out, scouring the darkness.
text: From nowhere, a red figure suddenly FILLS his thermal image.
text: Rushing him. Right on him. Slashing at him.
text: BOOM. Vaines FIRES A SHOT off, deflecting the attacker just
text: as it SLAMS into him and knocks his flashlight aside.
scene_heading: DARKNESS.
scene_heading: INT. STALACTITE CHAMBER - DAY
text: The GUNSHOT quakes through the caves like rolling thunder
text: Above Dan, Cath and Rios, the cave walls REVERBERATE with
text: Vaines’s gun blasts.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: He’1l bring down the fucking
dialog: mountain.
text: SEISMIC SHIFTS occur above their heads...
text: They look up and see the roof vibrate, a horrendous RIFT
dialog: appear...
text: Then, like apples on a shaken tree, the STALACTITES start to
text: fall. To rain down on them...a rain of spears.
text: They have to run to clear them. Dodging and weaving. Inches
dialog: from impalement.
text: Cath stumbles. A stalactite spear lands, inches from her
text: face, striking through the climbing ropes around her
dialog: shoulder.
text: Pinned down, she fights to free herself.
text: The others make it to the shelter of a SIDE TUNNEL
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Come on Cath!
text: Cath gets free. But the rift in the roof causes a COLLAPSE.
text: Slabs of rock fall in, blocking her path to the others.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: DAN (0.S.)
speaker_heading: CATH!
text: She’s on her own.
scene_heading: INT. HONEYCOMBS - DAY
text: As the dust clears, Vaines sees there is no way through the
text: rubble, he curses through his coughs, turns back, looking for
dialog: another route.
scene_heading: INT. SIDE TUNNEL - DARKNESS
text: Choking DUST consumes everything.
text: Dan, covered in dust, scrabbles to his knees, coughing.
text: Through the swirling particles, his flashlight picks out...
text: Rios, totally disorientated.
text: Dan hauls her to her feet.
text: Both cough violently as the choking dust subsides.
text: Dan offers Rios his water bottle to wash to her face and
text: rinse her mouth.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Easy. That’s got to last.
speaker_heading: DAN (INTO RADIO)
dialog: Cath! Cath! Come in.
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: CATH! CATH!
dialog: No reply.
text: Rios and Dan hunt through the rubble. Nothing.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: CATH! CATH!
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Flashlight!
text: A faint flashlight beam just makes it through a huge mound of
text: rubble.
text: Dan and Rios scrabble over to the rockfall.
speaker_heading: DAN (INTO RADIO)
dialog: Cath! Cath! Come in.
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: CATH! CATH!
dialog: 41.
text: No reply. Dan shines his torch back. Flicking it ON and OFF.
speaker_heading: CATH (ON RADIO)
dialog: Dan, Dan, you there?
speaker_heading: DAN (INTO RADIO)
dialog: I’m here. I’m here. I can see your
dialog: beam. Are you hurt?
scene_heading: INT. STALACTITE CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
text: Cath, ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ROCKFALL, scans her torch
text: around. She is buried in a cavity under a huge weight of
text: rock. The rocks are precariously balanced. Highly unstable.
text: Any attempt to work herself free dislodges rocks and risks a
text: rockfall that will crush her.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: No. I can’t move. I’1l bring it all
dialog: down on me. I need something to
text: support the rocks.
dialog: (fighing panic)
dialog: I’m stuck here Dan.
speaker_heading: DAN [ON RADIO]
dialog: Cath, don’t panic. We’1ll work it
dialog: this end. You take it easy. we’1l
dialog: get you.
text: ON THE OTHER SIDE, Dan tears at the intransigent rubble
text: getting nowhere, losing his cool.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Come on. Come on. Fuck, fuck, fuck-
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Dan-
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Fucking trigger-happy Americans. I
dialog: should never have-
speaker_heading: CATH (ON RADIO)
dialog: Dan?
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Don’t let her hear you like this.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Hear me? There’s a fucking tonne of
dialog: rubble between us. She couldn’t
dialog: hear a fucking rock concert. You
dialog: know what are our chances of
dialog: getting to her are?
dialog: 42.
text: Storm spent, he controls himself.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Cath, we can’t get through.
text: Cath’s face falls.
text: INTERCUT CATH AND DAN, ON THEIR RADIOS
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Can’t you drill it? Or det it?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: You know I can’t. It’s too risky.
dialog: You’11 have to work free.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: I can’t Dan, it’1l crush me. I need
dialog: you here.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: We’re gonna have to find another
dialog: way round to you.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: We’1l get there.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: I’m scared Dan.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: That’s good. Fear keeps you alert,
dialog: keeps you alive. Cath, I promise
dialog: you, I won’t stop until I get
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: You dry?
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: You keep warm. Keep drinking.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Okay.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: We’ve got to move off now, you’11
dialog: probably lose the signal. But stay
text: on channel one.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Okay. We’re walking away.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Stay on the radio.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Channel one. I’m going nowhere. You
dialog: take it easy.
text: Dan’s reply is distorted, swallowed by static.
speaker_heading: CATH
speaker_heading: KBO.
text: No reply. They’ve gone. Out of range.
text: Cath is alone. Facing her tomb?
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Dan ploughs on, grim set, out of range, not knowing if he’1l
dialog: ever see Cath again.
text: Rios follows, unable to find the right words of comfort.
scene_heading: INT. HONEYCOMB - OTHER PASSAGES - NIGHT
text: Sarah, emerges from the shadows, coated in dust. Barely
dialog: human.
text: A drip of water lands on her face, runs down her cheek like a
dialog: tear.
text: Sarah traces the water source: a seam in the rock.
text: She runs her hand down it as it widens, tracking its course.
scene_heading: INT. JUNCTION - NIGHT
text: Vaines reaches a JUNCTION, faces a choice of five tunnels. He
dialog: has absolutely no idea which to take.
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL JUNCTION - NIGHT
text: Several choices. Dan flicks his lighter, testing for air
dialog: flow.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Cath, Cath can you hear me?
dialog: (static hiss)
dialog: Cath?
dialog: Nothing.
text: Dan stops, turns to Rios.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: They’re volunteers. They don’t get
dialog: paid. They risk their lives for
dialog: every dumb-arse college kid and
dialog: sports-shop caver. It’s not our job
dialog: to judge. But bringing down a
dialog: murder suspect?
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: This wasn’t my call.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: No, it was mine.
text: He presses on. Haunted. A man on a mission.
scene_heading: INT. BONE AND BLOOD CAVE - CONTINUOUS
text: Dan and Rios’s boots CRUNCH on something underfoot...
text: Flashlights beams reveal a carpet of bones.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: What the hell-?
text: Dan cracks a flare. Illuminates scores of animal carcasses.
text: Dan and Rios exchange looks of deep unease.
text: Something SPARKLES in the light. Dan settles his light on it:
text: carabiners, clipped to something Dan can’t quite see. He
text: climbs a mound of bones.
text: Passes his light over...
speaker_heading: BETH.
text: Her face is mashed. Stoved in. Dan recoils.
text: Across the cave...
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Dan!
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Deputy-
text: Dan rushes over. Rios’s staring down at...
speaker_heading: HOLLY.
text: Eviscerated. Her rib-cage is picked clean.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Oh Christ.
text: He resists the urge to throw up.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: You don’t think Sarah Carter-?
speaker_heading: RIOS
text: These wounds- they’re- savage.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: You don’t get animals down here.
speaker_heading: (ON RADIO)
dialog: Cath, can you hear me? Cath, can
dialog: you hear me?
dialog: (static hiss)
dialog: Come on. Cath, can you hear me?
text: In response, LAUGHTER.
text: It’s coming from a CAMCORDER that Rios has picked up.
speaker_heading: ONSCREEN- -
text: Sarah, Juno, Holly, Sam and Rebecca lark about for the
text: camera. Drinking, LAUGHING in the CABIN. In the JEEP.
dialog: BACK IN THE CAVE--
text: Rios presses the fast-forward button.
speaker_heading: ONSCREEN- -
text: Fast-forwarded FOOTAGE: the girls in the woods. Finding a
text: dead stag. Stopping at a hole in the ground...
dialog: BACK IN THE CAVE- -
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Stop-
dialog: 46.
text: Real-time FOOTAGE: abseiling into the caves; Sarah trying to
dialog: avoid the camera.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: This is good. An entry point. We
dialog: get this to the surface. This’1l
dialog: give a rescue team a focus.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Leave the others?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: We’re not leaving anyone.
text: Rios fast-forwards, stopping at intervals to see...
speaker_heading: ONSCREEN- -
text: The women marvel at a large cave. Rebecca free-climbs the
text: ravine. Then the FOOTAGE turns to snow.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Is that it?
text: The FOOTAGE returns. In NIGHT VISION. It shows a cave in
text: which bright-white picked-clean bones line the floor
dialog: BACK IN THE CAVE--
text: Rios looks around. This is really creeping her out.
speaker_heading: ONSCREEN- -
text: The women chatter to each other, scared...
speaker_heading: SARAH (ON SCREEN)
text: Dead animals. Hundreds of them.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON SCREEN)
dialog: This is not good, guys.
speaker_heading: SAM (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Can we get out of here?
speaker_heading: REBECCA (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Which way?
speaker_heading: JUNO (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Come on...
dialog: (lights a zippo)
dialog: I don’t know.
dialog: BACK IN THE CAVE- -
text: Dan and Rios watch the video with dread anticipation.
dialog: 47.
text: A noise. A CLICK. Rios sweeps her flashlight round, edgy.
dialog: Nothing.
text: They turn back to the SCREEN--
text: The women on the video are getting extremely scared. The
text: night-vision shows faces in the darkness.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON SCREEN)
dialog: What do you mean, you don’t know?
speaker_heading: JUNO (ON SCREEN)
dialog: There’s no breeze. It could be any
dialog: one of these tunnels. Take your
dialog: pick.
speaker_heading: SAM (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Oh Fuck.
speaker_heading: REBECCA (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Hello? Is there anybody there?!!
text: The camera pans back to Beth...
text: Behind her is a CRAWLER!
text: The women scream, scatter, the Crawler disappears into
dialog: shadow...
dialog: BACK IN THE CAVE--
text: Dan and Rios jump.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: What the-
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Rewind it. Rewind!
text: As Rios fumbles with the Camcorder, trying to rewind, their
text: light spill illuminates
text: A CRAWLER. Right behind them! !
text: The Crawler HISSES. Dan and Rios gasp.
text: Rios drops the camcorder
text: They scatter into the dark. Hide.
text: Rios hunkers down behind a large rock, her eyes straining
text: into the darkness.
text: Dan, hyper-alert, listens out for the danger.
dialog: 48.
text: Their torches cut the cave, looking for danger.
text: The camcorder still plays on the ground: the disorientated,
text: terrified girls call to each other
speaker_heading: BETH (ON SCREEN)
text: It’s circling us.
speaker_heading: SAM (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: REBECCA (ON SCREEN)
dialog: It’s here somewhere. Fuck, it’s
dialog: there-
text: In an eerie echo, Dan and Rios don’t know where the danger
text: lurks in the dark.
dialog: Neither dare move.
text: Rios reaches for her holster. But her gun’s not there.
text: They call out to each other tentatively in the dark.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Dan? Dan, where are you?
text: Rios stiffens, hearing SCUTTLING.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Deputy? Deputy, you okay?
text: CLICK. CLICK. The crawler stalks them somewhere.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: I’m over here.
text: The CAMCORDER’S LCD SCREEN casts a ghostly glow: in
text: nightvision, it plays the crawler attack; shows Crawlers
text: disembowelling Holly’s corpse.
text: It gives Dan an idea.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Deputy, stay there. Kill your
dialog: light.
text: He fumbles towards the camcorder- which lies nearer to Rios.
text: BREATHING POV: Rios’s back, stalked...
text: Rios, blinking in the dark. Utterly blind. Senses something.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Dan? That you? Dan?
dialog: 49.
text: A pale, bloody hand grabs Rios from behind...A hand claws
text: round Rios’s mouth. A sharp bone to her throat.
dialog: It’s Sarah.
text: She pulls Rios down. Covers her mouth. Rios resists.
text: Sarah presses her piton to Rios’s throat. Rios stops
dialog: resisting.
text: In the dim light cast by the nearby camcorder, Rios sees the
text: crawler in front of her, stalking her...
text: Sarah holds her still, silent.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Deputy?
text: The crawler senses its prey. Turns. Towards Dan’s voice.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Deputy?
text: And Sarah lets it go. Rios is forced to watch the fatal
dialog: convergence.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Deputy, you okay? I’m nearly there.
text: Sarah holds tight. Not alerting him. Not silencing him.
text: Sentencing him to death.
text: Grabbing the camcorder, Dan stops the playback. Fiddles to
dialog: change the mode to nightvision.
text: He scans the camera round...
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Okay Deputy, I can see-
text: NIGHTVISION GREEN SCREEN: Rios. Her eyes wide and white. Sees
text: Rios, held silent hostage by Sarah. Gasps.
text: Something POPS into the foreground of his screen.
text: A CRAWLER. JAWS WIDE, COMING RIGHT AT HIM...
text: Sharp teeth sever Dan’s jugular and vocal chords. He lets out
text: horrible wet harking gasps for air and for help.
text: The dying Dan starts to crawl towards Sarah and Rios. Pulling
text: himself along on his back with the little strength he’s got
text: Rios looks to Sarah. Sarah holds still, steely. No choice but
dialog: to let him die.
dialog: 50.
text: His hand reaches Sarah just as the Crawler rips open his
dialog: belly.
text: The Crawler looks up from Dan, tilts its head, senses the
dialog: air.
text: CLICK. CLICK. Sensing in Rios and Sarah’s direction.
text: It edges towards them.
text: Sarah and Rios stay stock-still. Silent. Terrified.
text: Sarah stares at the Crawler. Rios breathes fast and shallow
text: behind Sarah’s hand as they both watch the Crawler...move
dialog: away .
text: The Crawler CLICKS again.
text: Faint CLICKS come in reply from down a TUNNEL.
text: The Crawler turns. Leaves down the TUNNEL.
text: It’s gone.
text: Sarah releases Rios, who rushes over to Dan. Her training
text: kicks in: she pushes his innards back into his belly; tries
text: to stem the blood pumping from his neck.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Come on, Dan. Hold on.
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: Help me.
text: Sarah watches her. But Dan’s finally gone.
text: Rios looks at Dan in horror. Then at Sarah in contempt.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: You just let him die.
text: Sarah shrugs past her, works fast: she strips Dan of his belt
dialog: and equipment.
text: Rios watches, appalled at Sarah’s ruthlessness.
text: Sarah tools up, pockets Dan’s flares, flashlight, the
text: camcorder. Takes the LAMINATED MINE MAPS. Secures Dan’s belt
text: around her own waist. Slots his pick in it.
text: She stands, gives Rios a last look, moves towards a TUNNEL at
text: the far end of the cave.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Stop. Stop!
dialog: 51.
text: Sarah stops by Beth’s corpse. Stares down at Beth. Stares
dialog: back at Rios..
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: How can you be so fucking cold?
text: Sarah says nothing. Doesn’t move.
text: Rios realises why: two Crawlers have entered the CAVE.
text: Rios shuts up. Freezes. Will the same thing happen again
text: with Rios as Sarah’s escape bait this time?
text: As softly as she can, Rios creeps closer to Sarah.
text: Across the cave, Sarah stands stock still.
text: The crawlers stand between them.
text: Finally, the Crawlers turn away, rush Dan’s body. Snarling at
text: one another, they slowly drag him from the CAVE (in the
text: direction Dan and Rios entered). They’re gone.
text: Taking Beth’s pick, Sarah is already halfway up the TUNNEL.
text: Faced with being alone in this hell, Rios scuttles to keep
dialog: up.
scene_heading: INT. COLLAPSED CAVE - DARKNESS
text: Cath tries to build a support wall from the stones to hand,
text: something to buy her enough time to wriggle free.
text: It’s fiddly work in cramped conditions. Just as she wedges in
text: an anchoring stone, her wall collapses, threatening to bring
text: down the rocks above her.
text: Suffering the psychological torment of another near miss
text: Cath sighs a deep breath.
text: She tries to inch her way out. But the creaking rock above is
dialog: enough to deter her.
text: She tries her radio.
speaker_heading: CATH [ON RADIO]
dialog: Dan? Dan you there? Anybody there?
scene_heading: INT. ELSEWHERE IN THE CAVES - DARKNESS
text: Vaines stumbles over rocks. Splashes through water. Reaching
text: another junction, he spins round, aware he is lost. Alone.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Rios? Rios, you read me?
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: CAN ANYBODY HEAR ME?
text: He slumps against the wall, closes his eyes, puts his hand on
dialog: his heart/badge.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: I, Redmond Bertram Vaines, do
dialog: solemnly swear to protect and serve
dialog: the community.
dialog: (opens his eyes)
dialog: To protect and serve.
text: He gets up, soldiers on.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE PASSAGEWAYS - DARKNESS
text: Rios struggles to keep up with Sarah. Suddenly Sarah stops-
text: Faces Rios. Fierce with pick in hand.
text: She points over Rios’s shoulder at water dripping off the
dialog: wall.
text: As Sarah moves off after the water course, Rios sighs relief,
text: scurries after her...
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL COMPLEX - DARKNESS
text: Cath starts rebuilding her support wall.
text: Stops. She hears something in the dark. Movement.
speaker_heading: CATH
text: Hello? HELP! HELP! DAN! DAN, THAT
dialog: YOU. I’M OVER HERE.
dialog: No reply.
speaker_heading: CATH
speaker_heading: (ON RADIO)
dialog: Dan, is that you?
dialog: No reply.
text: Then a faint CLICKING.
text: Cath flashes her light, trying to attract attention.
speaker_heading: CATH
scene_heading: HELP. PLEASE. OVER HERE.
dialog: There’s definitely someone there.
dialog: 53.
text: Cath strains her neck, peers through a chink in the rock.
text: A CRAWLER EYE glares back at her.
text: She jolts back in shot.
text: The eye has gone. The Crawler’s vanished.
text: Terrified, Cath sweeps her flashlight round.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: It’s just the dark. The dark fucks
dialog: with your head. It’s not real.
text: Then the crawler comes back- with a vengeance.
text: At her feet. Fighting to find a way through the rubble to get
text: at her.
text: Reaching its arm through the rubble at her. Clawing at her
text: Champing at her.
text: Cath tries to fight it off. Kicking, scuffling. Nowhere to
dialog: go. Every defensive move risks bringing the rocks down on
text: her. Cath faces an impossible choice: either the crawler will
dialog: get her- or she’1l be crushed.
text: The crawler burrows closer, working its way for her neck.
text: As the crawler lunges, Cath risks everything, moving sharply,
text: slamming a rock into its face.
text: It falls hard. Into her support wall. Becoming its last
dialog: piece.
text: As the crawler’s body takes the weight of the rocks above,
text: Cath seizes her opportunity, wriggles hard...
text: First crawler ribs start to snap...Then it’s skull starts
dialog: splitting...
text: Cath crawls for her life. She just squeezes out the narrow
text: gap. Grabs for her trailing flashlight as-
text: CRUNCH and CRACK- the crawler’s skull shatters and bones as
text: the crushing rocks make powder of its bones and paste of its
dialog: flesh.
text: Cath fills her lungs, in shock.
scene_heading: INT. STREAM CAVE - CONTINUOUS
text: A shallow stream moves down the centre of the tunnel.
dialog: 54.
text: Sarah stares at the shimmering surface of the water. She
text: spits into it, determining the direction of its current.
text: Follows it. Rios following her.
scene_heading: INT. CURVED NARROW TUNNEL - DARKNESS
text: Cath, still panicked, charges through the tunnels.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Dan, Dan you there? Please Dan.
text: She stops suddenly.
text: Her torch beam REVEALS:
text: Recessed shelves gouged out of the tunnel wall.
text: Cath edges to a shelf. Directs her light towards-
dialog: A_ skeleton.
text: Cath jumps in shock.
text: The skeleton is seemingly human. Laid out on the shelf as if
text: in a coffin.
text: Moving down the TUNNEL, Cath shines her light into the other
text: shelves. Finds dozens of skeletons. Then more recent corpses.
text: Flesh traces still cling to the bones.
text: Beyond them are freshly excavated shelves. Scratch marks
text: round their entrances. She nears one. Shines her light in.
dialog: Comes face to face...
dialog: With a Crawler!
text: Cath jumps back. She fights to rein in her fear. What the
dialog: hell is this?
text: But the Crawler doesn’t move. It’s dead. A hole in its
dialog: forehead.
text: Cath looks into the shelf above. Finds another dead Crawler.
text: All the skeletons are Crawlers, not humans.
text: This is some sort of CRAWLER CATACOMB.
text: She looks back to the second dead Crawler. Its eyes have been
text: gouged out. (These are the Crawlers Sarah and Juno killed.)
text: Amidst the bodies, one moves.
text: Cath tucks herself away.
dialog: 55.
text: Terrified, she raises her pick to defend herself.
text: The crawler closes in, coming from the corner.
dialog: Cath readies to strike-
speaker_heading: GREG!
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Greg- Jesus.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Cath!
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: We thought you were- what happened?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: One of these freaks attacked. I
dialog: just ran.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: You ran?
text: Greg struggles to bear his deep shame.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Have you seen any of the others?
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: I’ve been on my own. I thought I
dialog: was going mad. Oh, God, Cath, it’s
dialog: good to see you.
text: Cath slaps him.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Greg, get a grip.
scene_heading: CLI-- CLI-- CLICK-- A conversation-killer.
text: A Crawler MURMUR comes from the tunnel beyond. Soft. Low.
dialog: Like weeping.
text: Through the catacombs they see A FEMALE CRAWLER. The Crawler
text: has a swollen belly. It’s pregnant.
text: Next to the Pregnant Crawler is a Crawler corpse. The
text: Pregnant Crawler washes water over the corpse from a nearby
text: pool. Cleans it tenderly. Emitting soft clicks. Mourning.
text: Around her, a FUNERAL PARTY of grieving crawlers.
text: Cath and Greg back away.
dialog: 56.
text: Cath points to a far exit. Their only way out
text: Past the mourning crawler mother.
text: Greg shakes his head. Cath nods. It’s the only way.
text: Greg tiptoes towards the exit on the far side.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DARKNESS
text: Vaines hears FAINT MOVEMENT again. He swings his light. Finds
text: nothing. Heartbeat rising, he moves to a TUNNEL JUNCTION.
text: Directs his beam into each tunnel...
speaker_heading: DRIP DRIP DRIP
text: Something oozes onto Vaines’ shoulder. Vaines touches the
text: substance. Holds it to his light...
text: Viscous liquid.
text: Just then, a SHADOW moves behind Vaines.
text: Sensing movement, Vaines spins...
text: An arm swings towards him from the ceiling. Hits his face.
text: Vaines flails back, terrified. Veers his light up. Finds--
text: Dan’s dead body hanging upside down from a crack in the
text: ceiling. Eviscerated.
text: Vaines stumbles, fights down his urge to gag.
text: He draws his gun, hand shaking.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Jesus.
text: With shaking hands, Vaines reaches for Dan’s radio. But as he
text: grabs it, Dan’s body falls. Vaines leaps away.
text: His pulse racing, Vaines unclips Dan’s radio...
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Can anyone hear me? Dan’s dead.
dialog: Sarah Carter’s killed him...
scene_heading: INT. CATACOMBS - DARKNESS
text: Greg and Cath, tantalisingly close to the exit when...
speaker_heading: VAINES (ON RADIO)
dialog: ...Greg..? Cath..? ...You hear..?
dialog: Dan’s... dead... kill...
dialog: 57.
text: The Funeral Crawlers raises their heads. HISS.
speaker_heading: VAINES (OVER WALKIE-TALKIE)
dialog: Come i... Greg. Co... in.
text: Cath snaps off her radio. Hardly dares look...
text: Greg’s eyes search round. Meet Cath’s.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Run.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS
text: Greg and Cath run for their lives...
text: They hit a dead end.
dialog: They have to turn back
text: They hear crawlers coming. There’s nowhere to go.
text: Down the tunnel, crawlers click, sensing the air...
text: But Cath and Greg have gone.
text: The crawlers stop, sensing out their victims.
text: High above, wedged back to back, with their feet pressed to
text: either side of the wall [a climber’s hold] Cath and Greg
dialog: strain to keep still and silent
text: Finally, the crawlers scuttle past...
text: Greg and Cath drop down.
text: Cath desperately tries her radio.
speaker_heading: CATH (INTO RADIO)
dialog: Anyone there? Chief Vaines? This is
dialog: Cath? You there? Come in.
text: Lonely static crackle. Despair consumes her.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Dan’s dead.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: We don’t know that.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: I know what I heard.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: It wasn’t clear.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Vaines had his radio.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Whoever it was, he can’t be far. We
dialog: got a signal. We gotta find them.
text: Cath’s facade quivers, cracks.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Hold me Greg.
text: They cling tight.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: You won’t run out on me.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Out there, on my own, I was so
dialog: scared. Together- we’re a team.
scene_heading: CLICK. CLICK.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: There’s more of them.
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Come on.
text: They charge off through the tunnel.
text: Glimpsing Crawlers giving chase.
text: Hearing their horrible SCUTTLINGS as they pursue them
dialog: through...
text: Tapering tunnels, sharp turns...
scene_heading: INT. GORGE CAVERN - LEDGE - CONTINUOUS
text: They stop just as suddenly. Teetering on the edge of a GORGE
text: with a vertiginous drop below.
text: As Cath moves her light back up, she illuminates...
dialog: SAM. [From the first film.] Dead.
text: Still hanging upside down from a rope in the rock ceiling.
text: One of her arms is missing - the shoulder is chewed to the
text: bone. Her innards are spilled over her sides.
text: Cath lurches back in horror. Greg looks at Cath, looks back
text: into the tunnel they came down. SCUFFLING.
dialog: 59.
text: Ahead, a deadly drop. Cath scans the roof for a route. Sam’s
text: rope snakes back through pitons along the roof.
text: Greg thinks fast, slams a piton into their near wall, loops
text: the rope through it, pulls it taut. [The gravity of Sam’s
text: bodyweight tugs the other end tight. ]
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Gets us halfway.
dialog: (raising his pick)
dialog: I’1l hold them off.
text: They lock eyes. Greg looks determined to make amends.
text: Cath sets out, hand over hand.
text: Cath makes it to Sam. Her decaying body a sticky, putrid,
text: maggot-ridden obstacle. Cath slides down.
text: Cath climbs up the body, hooking her pick in Sam’s ribs as a
text: hold. Reaching the roof, she hooks in another piton. Secures
text: a secondary rope to it.
text: Behind Greg, CLICKING and SCUFFLING. Crawlers closing...
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Greg.
text: Cath tosses the rope back.
text: Just as the crawlers crowd him, Greg swings...
text: Swings across the cavern, slamming into the far side.
text: Gripping hard, he claws his way onto the far ledge.
text: Sees a crawler climbs across the rope towards Cath who
text: dangles, vulnerable, like a fly on a spider web, caught
text: between the crawlers and Greg.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Cath. Throw me the rope. I’1l
dialog: secure it. Cath!
text: But she doesn’t. Instead she pulls her pick
speaker_heading: CATH
dialog: Run. Run!
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: Cath, no.
text: But Cath turns to fights the crawler. Swinging with her pick.
text: The pitons strain under the triple weight of Sam, Cath and
dialog: the crawler.
dialog: 60.
text: Greg’s fixing on the crawler side wall shifts, POPS.
text: Greg can only watch as Cath, Sam and the crawler fall 50
dialog: feet...
text: INTO A WATER POOL
text: The fight continues. Underwater, as the water turns red, the
text: light source dies in the water...
text: Greg is alone again.
scene_heading: INT. STREAM/POOL CAVE - DARKNESS
text: Sarah and Rios follow the stream - which is now deeper. At
text: the end of the TUNNEL the water tumbles down step-like rocks
text: into an OVULAR cave....
text: Sarah climbs down the rock steps. Rios slips. Follows.
text: Water flows in from side passages to form a pool.
text: Sarah looks into the pool- sees a CRAWLER’S FACE where her
dialog: reflection should be...
text: She spins round to attack it...
text: But it’s only Rios there. Rios thinks she’s being attacked.
dialog: Until she sees...
text: The CRAWLER emerges from UNDER the water...
text: Sarah spins round in time to bury a pick into its neck.
dialog: Killing it.
text: Sarah looks around, her senses attuned to the possibility of
dialog: reinforcements...
text: At the far-end of the cave, water drains slowly into a TUNNEL
text: that’s almost entirely submerged.
text: There’s only a GAP of a foot between the water and the
text: ceiling. Sarah wades in. Heads towards the SUBMERGED TUNNEL.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: We’re not going in that?
text: Sarah gives her a look: she’s going; it’s up to her if she
text: follows.
text: Sarah wades on, the water now up to her chest
text: Desperately unhappy, Rios follows. It’s freezing, but Rios
text: forces herself in deeper and deeper.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. ELSEWHERE IN THE CAVES - DARKNESS
text: Vaines stares into the dark ahead. Then from the TUNNEL
text: behind, Vaines hears MOVEMENT. He spins his light into the
speaker_heading: TUNNEL.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Hello? Somebody there? Show
dialog: yourself.
text: Just beyond his light, Vaines senses more movement.
text: Nothing. Adrenaline rising, Vaines moves into the TUNNEL.
text: Breathing POV: Vaines shine his flashlight round, unaware
text: he’s being watched.
scene_heading: INT. SUBMERGED TUNNEL - DARKNESS
text: Sarah and Rios move down the TUNNEL. Their helmets scrape the
text: roof. Only their heads are out the water. Rios’s on the verge
dialog: of outright panic.
text: Ahead they see that the roof dips dramatically into the
text: water. It looks like a solid wall.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: It’s a dead end.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: The water’s flowing. There’s a way
dialog: through.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I’m not going to wait for you.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: No please, wait, please. I can’t...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cold)
dialog: It’s all in your head.
text: And Sarah disappears into the water.
text: Rios watches, terrified.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: No! Oh God... Oh God...
text: Rios tries to summon up enough courage to follow Sarah.
text: She takes a deep, sobbing breath. Dives down.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER- -
text: Rios’s helmet lamp illuminates suspended silt. Her hands
text: search down, down. Rios finds a way forward...
text: It’s a TIGHT LETTERBOX TUNNEL. She contorts into it. Grapples
text: along, her air running out
text: Eventually the space opens up. She scrabbles upwards in
text: desperation. Her head comes above water into a...
scene_heading: VERY LOW BREATHE-SPACE- -
text: Rios’s helmet hits the roof. Only her eyes are above the
text: surface. She sees Sarah’s face tilted, so that her nose and
text: mouth are just out the water.
text: Rios copies Sarah. Gulps air.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Lose the helmet.
text: Sarah shines her flashlight ahead. The roof dips down again.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: And don’t think.
text: Sarah takes off her helmet. Moves backwards, face upwards.
text: Now there’s only an inch above the surface. Rios copies her.
text: Rios and Sarah’s noses brush the ceiling for a few horrendous
text: metres, their eyes wide in the murky water.
text: Finally the roof rises, giving them several inches of breathe-
text: space. Rios’s shivering. Terror-stricken. They put their
text: helmets back on. Move further. Come to another wall.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: No. Please not again...
text: Sarah just takes a breath. Ducks into the water. Disappears
text: into the gloom.
text: Rios chokes back her dread, takes deep breaths. Ducks down
text: into the water too.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER- -
text: Rios feels the rock with her hands. Finds a way through.
text: Scrambles through the churned gritty water.
text: The gap opens up, wider, higher. A new chamber.
text: Rios swims up to the surface...
text: But there is no surface.
dialog: 63.
text: There’s no breathe-space at all. She just comes up against
text: rock. She smacks the roof with her hands in disbelief.
text: Bubbles escape her mouth. She looks round, realises she has
dialog: to keep going...
text: She dives deeper, her lungs aching. Frantically pulls herself
text: under another dip in the rock. Clawing through. Running out
text: of air fast. Gradually the rock above her rises. She swims
text: upwards. Hoping there’1ll be air. Finally she surfaces. Into--
scene_heading: ANOTHER AIR POCKET - -
text: This new chamber is small. Tight. Only her head is above the
text: water. She gulps air. But now, looking round, she realises...
speaker_heading: ES)
text: he’s alone.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah? Sarah!
text: Rios looks round, treading water, not knowing what to do.
text: hivering, her breathing reverberates. Water laps into her
text: jouth, makes her cough. Her fear and desperation rise fast.
dialog: Bon
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Oh fuck...
dialog: 
dialog: She knows she’s going to die in here. That she’1l drown
text: never to be found. And then she sees...
text: A shadow moving under the water towards her.
dialog: 
text: Rios shifts away from it, terrified. BUBBLES pop on the
text: water’s surface. The shadow rises.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER- -
text: From the POV of whatever’s coming for her, we see Rios’s arms
text: and legs flailing. A pale arm reaches out. Grabs her.
scene_heading: IN THE BREATHE-SPACE- -
text: Rios screams. Thrashes around to get free. And then the thing
text: surfaces next to her. Rios screams. Then realises...
dialog: It’s Sarah.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: (clings to Sarah)
dialog: You came back.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Save your breath.
text: Sarah dives down, pulling Rios with her...
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER- -
text: Together they move through the water, following the rock as
text: it dips down, then corkscrews left and right. It’s extremely
text: tight. But Sarah pulls Rios along.
text: They move upwards into...
scene_heading: INT. PYRAMID CAVE - DARKNESS
text: Sarah and Rios surface in a long pool, fill their lungs with
dialog: air.
text: The water flows towards the far point of the pool.
text: Sarah wades forward. Sees that the water is being sucked into
text: a tight crack in the rock. Not even big enough to get an arm
text: through. There’s no way to track the water onward.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No...
text: Her emotionless face breaks. She smacks the rock blocking her
text: escape. Then pulls herself out onto rocks at the side.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: There’s no way through? That’s it?
text: Sarah doesn’t respond. Shivering, Rios looks round. She’s not
text: willing to give up. Three walls meet at the cave’s apex.
text: There’s a rough “window” halfway up a wall that leads to a
text: PASSAGEWAY .
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: There must be a way. You found a
dialog: way!
text: Sarah, downcast, runs her hand through the-
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Water.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: I thought you’d left me.
text: No response. Rios pulls out her cellphone to bring up a photo
dialog: of Emily.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: This is my daughter.
text: No response. Rios slips around a rock, switches her phone
text: into the VIDEO RECORDER application.
dialog: 65.
text: She tries to compose herself, to look happy. Then she turns
text: the camera on herself, RECORDS...
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Luz, this is mummy. I just want you
dialog: to know how much I love you. How
dialog: proud I am. What a lovely girl you
dialog: are. You be good and kind and
dialog: caring. You live a good life. Te
dialog: quiero, te estrafio...
text: As Rios’s voice cracks, Sarah listens. Something in her
dialog: softens...
text: Rios tries to compose herself, returns around the rock
text: offers the phone to Sarah.
text: Sarah shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: My daughter died.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: She was my world.
dialog: There’s a sympathy here.
text: Suddenly illuminated in the opposite corner of the cave -
text: across the water - is JESSICA, with her birthday cake. Sarah
text: melts. But then makes a decision to look away. She looks back
text: to where Jessica was sitting. Jessica is gone.
text: Rios has watched all of this with slight alarm.
text: Sarah takes out the maps from her belt, nods up at the
text: ‘window’ in the rock above.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Vent shafts. All deep mines have
dialog: them to get air to the miners. If
dialog: we can follow a seam, break back
dialog: through into the mine, find one of
dialog: these shafts-
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: What’s the scale of this map?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You don’t want to know.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DARKNESS
text: Greg struggles on, cold, thirsty, alone.
text: Behind him, CLICK...CLICK, something stirs.
text: Greg spins round, arcs his flashlight...
text: Something is stalking him, scurrying in the shadows...
text: He lights a flare, throws it...Hoping to scare them off.
text: As Greg retreats, the hot light of the flare casts shadows...
text: CRAWLERS. Two of them. Nosferatu was never so sinister.
dialog: Greg’s seen enough. Runs.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS
text: Greg bolts in blind panic.
text: But he’s not as fast as his pursuers.
text: Closing on him in the dark...
text: They jump on his back. Maul him. One sinks its teeth into his
text: torso. Greg shrieks. The other scratches at his legs.
text: Greg kicks and swats and bats them off.
text: Finally Greg gets a good look at his attackers.
text: Their shadows made them look bigger than they are.
text: Two TWINS. They’re so small that Greg just stares
text: bewildered. These little Crawlers seem almost cute.
text: Then both twins SNARL viciously, showing razor teeth.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: FUCK THIS. YOU LITTLE FUCKS!
text: All this fears and frustrations fuse into RAGE.
text: The TWINS regroup. They’re not adept at hunting yet, but
text: they’re learning fast. They close in on Greg.
text: TWIN 1 leaps onto his back, rips into his arm as TWIN 2 claws
text: at his face.
text: Greg knocks Twin 2 away to the floor.
dialog: 67.
text: He backs hard against the wall- winding Twin 1. But it holds
text: on tight. Spinning, Greg sees a sharp rocky outcrop, backs
text: hard into it. Impaling the creature. It falls off. Dead.
text: Enraged, Twin 2 launches at Greg. Sinks it’s teeth into him.
text: Its teeth still sunk in his arm, Greg bashes its head against
text: the wall...again and again, till it falls...
text: Then, in his bloodlust, he stamps on its head. Makes crushed
dialog: watermelon of its skull...
text: Greg stumbles back, shocked, exhausted.
text: He looks down at the dead TWINS.
text: Takes in what he’s just done.
text: Catches his breath.
text: Wipes the blood from his face.
text: SLAM!!! A FEMALE CRAWLER sideswipes Greg from out of nowhere.
text: Then it looks from the dead TWINS to Greg, furious.
text: But Greg’s done with running. He’s not going down without a
dialog: fight.
text: As the Crawler advances, Greg holds his ground.
text: He pulls the drill from his belt. His finger on the trigger.
text: At the last minute, he turns it on, thrusting its spiralling
text: bit towards the Crawler...
text: The WHIRRING NOISE fills the Tunnel.
text: But the Crawler hears it coming. Swipes it away.
text: Greg turns, swinging the drill round.
text: But the Crawler is faster, sinks its jaws into him. Bites his
text: hand off at the wrist.
text: Greg’s hand - still holding the spinning drill - falls to the
dialog: ground.
text: SLASH. The crawler slashes Greg’s tendons.
text: He finds himself falling, face-first...
text: Towards the spinning drill bit, clamped in his own fingers.
text: THRRRR-SSSS. He drills through his own eye. Dead.
dialog: 68.
text: The Female Crawler attends to the bodies of the dead TWINS.
text: She tilts her head and emits a keening SCREECH. A mother’s
dialog: tragedy - a call to arms...
scene_heading: INT. JAGGED CAVE - DARKNESS
text: Sarah and Rios hear the PRIMAL SCREECH echo. They exchange a
text: worried look. Hurry to a hole in the rock. Rios hesitates,
text: staring into the extremely tight hole.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Moved here for the wide, open
dialog: spaces.
text: Sarah looks back. A hint of a smile.
text: Sarah contorts herself into the tiny TUNNEL...
scene_heading: INT. HORRIBLY NARROW TUBE TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS
text: It’s a terrible, claustrophobic place. Sarah advances with
text: difficulty. Rios squeezes in. Crawls along. Fighting her
dialog: fear.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNELS - DARKNESS
text: Vaines presses on.
text: Hearing MOVEMENT behind him, he spins...
text: A FIGURE shifts quickly into darkness.
text: But as Vaines aims his light, the figure’s gone.
text: Vaines settles his beam on a SMALL OPENING low in the rock.
text: He pulls his gun, ducks down.
text: Inches into the OPENING. Shines his light inside...
text: It’s a DARK TUNNEL. Vaines squints into the darkness, scans
text: his flashlight at...
text: Two eyes, glaring back
text: SLAM! The FIGURE launches at Vaines, who tries to fight it
dialog: off.
text: But it’s too fast and strong. It pins Vaines down. Flashes a
text: climbing axe. Vaines stares up in fear.
speaker_heading: VAINES (CONT'D)
dialog: Juno!
dialog: 69.
text: It is JUNO. Axe raised. Filthy, feral, her face half-ripped
dialog: away .
speaker_heading: VAINES (CONT'D)
dialog: We’re here to rescue you.
scene_heading: INT. EXTREMELY NARROW TUBE TUNNEL - DARKNESS
text: Sarah and Rios continue their belly-crawl.
text: Sarah contorts herself through a kink in the rock.
text: Rios catches her hip. Twists. Wedging herself tighter. Her
text: breathing gets bigger.
text: Sarah twists herself, reaches a hand back.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Luz, that means light?
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: She boss you around?
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: When did she last boss you around?
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: She wanted shoes like her friend
text: Lottie’s. With flashing lights.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Did you buy them?
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Yeah.
text: Smiles. With Sarah’s help, Rios relaxes enough to ease
text: through the kink.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Stick with those shoes. They’1ll get
dialog: you out.
text: Then Sarah’s helmet light picks something up ahead of them.
speaker_heading: A CRAWLER!
text: It’s several metres ahead, blocking their way. It licks water
text: off the rock, oblivious to Sarah and Rios’s presence.
dialog: 70.
text: Sarah tries to tease out her pick, but as she moves, the
text: Crawler lifts its head. CLICKS. Sensing...
text: Sarah freezes. Rios hears the CLICKS. Panics.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: We can’t go back. We can’t turn.
text: And then, ahead of them, a RAT emerges from a hole in the
text: floor of the tunnel. The hole is covered with WEBS and DIRT,
text: but the rat pushes through. Sniffs.
text: Sarah stares at the hole. The only way out now?
text: The rat scuttles towards Sarah’s face. Sniffs at her open
text: eyes. Sarah can’t help but flinch. Startled, the rat SQUEAKS.
text: The Crawler reacts instantly. Stares RIGHT at Sarah with its
text: dead eyes. Sarah stares back. She has no choice...
text: She moves as fast as she can. Right at the Crawler.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah!?
text: But the Crawler’s coming at them. It’s a race to the HOLE.
text: Sarah gets there first. She pushes through the webs. A
text: “chimney” leads straight down. But its walls are moving...
text: It’s alive with BUGS.
text: Sarah cracks a flare. Throws it at the Crawler, who
text: instinctively rears back. Sarah dives into the BUG HOLE.
text: As Sarah disappears, the Crawler SCREECHES at Rios. But it’s
text: kept at bay by the fizzing flare. Rios shuffles faster. Dives
text: headfirst into the BUG HOLE. But the Crawler catches her
dialog: trailing ankle...
scene_heading: INT. BUG HOLE - CONTINUOUS
text: The walls heave with insects. They cover Rios’s face and
text: body. Scurry into her hair and clothes. Rios screams...
scene_heading: INT. HORRIBLY NARROW TUBE TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS
text: The Crawler grapples with Rios’s leg. But her boot comes off
dialog: in its hand...
scene_heading: INT. BUG HOLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Rios falls head-first. Through BUGS. Falls and falls...
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: INT. SHITHOLE - CONTINUOUS
text: And lands in a mire of putrid sludge. Rios’s in a LONG LOW
text: CAVE with many exits. She stands, hysterically brushing
text: insects off herself as Sarah watches.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: It’s on me! It’s on me!
text: SMACK! From the hole above, The Crawler lands on Rios.
text: Plunging her back into the sludge. Sarah moves fast.
text: BAM! Sarah buries her pick into the Crawler’s face with all
text: her might. Then levers the pick so it tears through the
text: Crawler’s brain. The Crawler screams in agony.
text: Sarah plunges the pick into the Crawler’s chest. Twists.
text: Blood spurts. Bones crack. The Crawler’s history.
text: Sarah yanks her pick free, then notices Rios staring at her
text: stunned. Sarah realises what she must look like.
text: Then Sarah senses something close. CLICKING.
text: Sarah grabs Rios. Pulls her down into the SLUDGE again - so
text: that they are almost submerged. A Crawler comes into the
text: cave, CLICKING. It crouches at the edge of the cave...
text: And shits into the sludge. Adding to it.
text: Rios watches, repulsed, realising what she’s neck-deep in.
text: The Crawler finishes its shit. Leaves the cave.
text: Sarah helps Rios up. Rios spits out a mouthful of sludge.
text: Picks up her lost boot from beneath the dead Crawler. Pours
text: glop out from it.
text: They share grimaces: it’s almost comically bad.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DARKNESS
text: Juno demolishes a power bar from Vaines’s supplies. Vaines
text: dresses her leg wound, clearly somewhat wary of her feral,
dialog: manic manner.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: This is a knife wound-
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: A pick.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Sarah Carter did this?
dialog: 72.
text: Juno looks at her- how did he know?
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: We found Sam and Rebecca’s bodies.
dialog: And she attacked my deputy. Got
dialog: away .
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: You brought her back down here?
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: She was the only lead we had-
dialog: fucking maze down here- Did she
dialog: kill them all? Holly? Beth?
text: Juno, remembering that SHE killed Beth, hesitates, focusses
text: on replacing the batteries in her helmet light.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: What did she tell you?
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Crazy shit, creatures, monsters.
text: Just babbling. Was it the dark? Or
dialog: the drugs?
text: CLICK. CLICK. Juno suddenly freezes. Wide-eyed. Silent.
text: Staring past Vaines. A CLICKING sound comes from behind him.
text: Vaines turns. Squints into the shadows at the far end of the
dialog: cave...
text: Slowly a figure steps through Vaines’ light, coming towards
dialog: them.
text: Vaines stares at the Crawler in utter disbelief.
text: Stunned, Vaines turns back to Juno. But she has gone. Vaines
text: looks round, panicking.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Juno?
text: The Crawler CLICKS, sensing Vaines.
text: Vaines looks back at the approaching Crawler. But it has
text: slipped back into the dark
text: He flashes his flashlight around, desperate to locate the
dialog: threat...
dialog: Nothing...
dialog: 73.
text: From nowhere, the Crawler HISSES in Vaines’ face. Bares its
dialog: teeth...
text: Juno drops from the ceiling onto the Crawler. Buries her axe
text: into the side of the Crawler’s head, levers its handle down,
text: crunching the blade up through bone and brain.
text: The Crawler splutters. Dead.
text: Juno pulls her axe out, stands up. Wipes the axe on her
text: thigh. Vaines stares at her. Stares at the dead creature.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Death.
text: Juno barks a dark laugh at Vaines’s stunned state. He points
text: to her injured leg.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: But they didn’t do that?
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: They were coming for us. She sawa
dialog: way to survive.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Hell of a friend-
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Friendship is weakness.
dialog: (smearing herself with
dialog: blood)
dialog: You want to live? Think like an
dialog: animal. Lose your human scent. Lose
dialog: all human traces. Get like them.
dialog: Move like them. Kill like them.
dialog: Vaines eyes her warily: this is not a woman to watch your
dialog: back.
text: He dips his fingers in the blood.
scene_heading: INT. “STAIRCASE” CAVE - DARKNESS
text: Sarah and Rios climb up large flat rocks. They move quickly,
text: efficiently. Working as a team. Sarah can see a marked change
text: in Rios. She’s toughened. They move onwards. Into...
dialog: 74,
scene_heading: INT. GLITTERING TUNNELS - CONTINUOUS
text: The rock glistens. Minerals catch in Rios’s light as she
text: climbs up out of a crack in the wall. Sarah’s right behind.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Look, like the mine. We must be
dialog: close...
text: They share a smile of camaraderie. Keep moving.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGES - DARKNESS
text: Juno and Vaines move through the labyrinthine caves in
text: silence: Juno staggers on her leg, winces in pain.
text: They reach a JUNCTION.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Fuckin’ maze-
text: Taking a breath, Juno catches her reflection in the blade of
text: her pick: she puts her hand to her face.
text: She looks haunted by herself, then her face hardens as she
dialog: sees-
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Bootprints.
text: Juno measures the print against her boot. Marginally bigger.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: I know she left you for dead. But
dialog: when we find her, don’t you be
dialog: thinking about any payback. Justice
dialog: is my job.
text: Juno says nothing. Her eyes trouble Vaines.
text: She scrambles off, after the trail.
text: Vaines scrambles after her--
scene_heading: INT. “FOREST” CAVE - DARKNESS
text: Juno and Vaines crisscross between thick stalagmites that jut
text: up like tree trunks.
text: Juno leads, her eyes constantly shifting. She sees something
text: on the floor, she quickly bends to look at it
text: Another BOOTPRINT.
text: She changes direction and moves off.
dialog: 75.
text: Vaines moves after her, jumpy, alert to every shadow.
text: Crawler CLICKS echo nearby. Juno freezes.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: What do we-
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Shut up.
text: Juno closes her eyes. The CLICKS come again. Juno angles her
text: head, listening, sensing.
text: She looks to a PASSAGE to her left. Then towards another
text: PASSAGE on the right.
text: Her eyes narrow. She grabs Vaines. Pulls him to a wall. Puts
text: her pick to his neck.
text: A CRAWLER appears from behind a trunk. It CLICKS and senses.
text: Vaines breathes erratically. The approaching Crawler searches
dialog: the ‘forest’.
text: Juno glares at Vaines to control his breath.
text: The Crawler edges closer. Searching the walls.
text: It advances on Juno and Vaines. CLICK in their faces. Juno’s
text: like stone.
text: Vaines is desperately tries to stead breath and stay still,
text: sweat beading his upper lip.
text: He edges his gun from its holster. Juno shakes her head.
text: Droplets of piss DRIP onto his boots...
text: The crawler turns slowly towards him, smells the air...
text: CLICKING mouth millimetres from Vaines’ wide eyes.
text: Juno strikes. Bites deep into the crawler’s throat. Rips and
text: spits out its larynx.
dialog: 
text: The crawler drops dead.
text: Vaines stares in shock at Juno’s blood-smeared mouth. He
dialog: fights against retching.
text: Juno raises a hand, silencing him, sensing MOVEMENT at the
text: far end of the forest.
dialog: They freeze. Listen.
dialog: 76.
text: Stalagmites block Juno’s lines of sight.
text: She edges forward cautiously. Axe raised.
text: The MOVEMENT comes again.
text: Her nerves wound tight, Juno works from “trunk” to “trunk”.
text: She sweeps her light round. Shifts to a new stalagmite.
text: Vaines follows her, terrified.
text: Juno hears something SCRABBLE behind the stalagmite ahead.
text: She raises her pick. Psyches herself. Creeps slowly round.
text: Then spins out from behind the “trunk”.
dialog: Launches the pick towards--
dialog: Nothing. There’s nothing there.
text: Glimpses movement behind her, reflected in her pick. She
text: spins. Swings her pick, just as another axe hurtles at Juno’s
dialog: own face.
text: Sparks fly as the two axes INTERLOCK.
dialog: Sarah.
text: Juno stares at Sarah as if she’s seen a ghost
text: Juno stares right back.
text: For several seconds, neither speak. Sarah’s icy eyes meeting
text: Juno’s fiery gaze. They stand: gunslingers before the draw;
text: prizefighters before the bell...
text: Rios and Vaines, ring-side, look to each other, lost
text: Something in their faces stops Vaines stepping in.
text: Sarah and Juno face off, struggling with raging emotions.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Girls, that’s enough. Kiss and make
dialog: up. We don’t have the time.
dialog: He might as well be mute.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: HEY! You hear me. I’m in charge
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: In what way?
text: He has no answer.
dialog: 77.
text: Juno raises her axe...then strikes...
text: Releasing it like a tomahawk.
text: Past Sarah’s shoulder...
text: SLAM! Into the skull of [the earlier] CRAWLER that lurks
text: behind her.
dialog: It falls, DEAD.
text: Juno barges past Sarah, retrieves her weapon. Looks around
text: her, unimpressed.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: So you’re the rescue party.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: So what’s the plan?
text: Silence. No one has a plan.
text: She picks up a skull, tosses it to Vaines.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: You ever thought, when we’re not
dialog: here, what do they eat? Where do
dialog: they hunt?
speaker_heading: VAINES
text: This is a stag’s skull. They hunt
dialog: above ground?
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: And you know how they get there?
dialog: (Juno nods)
dialog: So let’s go.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: If you know how they get out, how
dialog: come you didn’t.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: (points to Sarah’s ropes)
dialog: I had no ropes. And no climbing
dialog: partner.
scene_heading: INT. NARROW UPWARD PASSAGE - DARKNESS
text: They scramble along, struggling to keep their footing. Sarah
text: leads, far from comfortable with Juno on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Don’t worry, I’m watching your
dialog: back.
dialog: 78.
text: Behind them, Rios scans the thermal imaging camera.
text: Vulnerable at the back, Vaines.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Listen Rios, we gotta watch
dialog: ourselves. Don’t know which of the
text: two mad bitches is worse.
speaker_heading: RIOS
text: Three mad bitches.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - CONTINUOUS
text: The cave floor is dangerously unsecure: deep collapsed holes
text: in places, a thin crust of rock in others.
text: Juno, in the lead, tests the ground in front of her, prodding
text: it with her pick handle. It smashes straight through the
text: crust, revealing an endless deep drop below.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Stop! Floor’s unsecure. Test every
text: footfall. Walk in each other’s
dialog: steps.
text: They edge along their precarious path: it’s like walking on
text: the crust of a creme brulee. It’s like mine-sweeping: every
text: footstep slow and perilous.
text: Just then Crawler CLICKS come from behind them.
text: Vaines - at the rear - glances back into the darkness.
speaker_heading: VAINES (CONT'D)
dialog: They’re coming. Move it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No, keep it steady.
text: CLICK...CLICK...
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: We’re nearly through.
text: Vaines can’t bear this mine-field speed. Presses against Rios
text: ahead of him.
speaker_heading: RIOS (CONT'D)
text: Chief, slow and steady.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: You’re not at the back.
text: Behind, his light picks up moving shadows.
dialog: 79.
text: Vaines fights every instinct to go fast. Loses the battle.
text: Hurrying to get past, Vaines goes off route, puts a foot
text: wrong. Loses it through the floor. His foot stuck fast, he
text: struggles to get it out.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Don’t move. Stay still.
text: Rios tries to pull him out. Sarah and Juno come to help.
text: As they tug, the wrenching GROAN of a crack opening up.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It’s no good. The floor will give
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: We can’t leave him.
text: Vaines reads ruthlessness in Sarah’s look: he knows she left
dialog: Juno. And he’s no friend to her.
text: Vaines grabs her tight, grapples her. They struggle. Sarah
text: pulls her arm away.
text: Only to find that Vaines has cuffed her wrist to his.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Get. Me. Out.
text: Sarah reaches for his keys. They tussle.
text: The crack widens...
text: Then the ground buckles under his bodyweight, cracking open
text: to reveal a deep vertical fissure in the rock
text: Vaines tumbles into the sheer shaft, held dangling from Sarah
text: by the cuffs, pulling her over the ledge with him.
text: Rios grabs her legs.
text: Juno reaches out for Vaines. It takes all three of him just
text: to stop him falling.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Pull me out.
text: But he’s too heavy- they can’t pull him up.
text: From deep below, in the darkness, CLICKING...
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Quiet! Stay still!
dialog: 80.
text: In the deep darkness, SCRABBLING.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: No, get me out! They’re coming!
text: Sarah looks down past Vaines: figures emerge from the black
text: below. Two crawlers.
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Come on!
text: Rios and Juno strain to yank Vaines out. He’s too heavy.
text: Below him, Crawlers are closing fast up out of the dark
speaker_heading: VAINES
dialog: Hurry!
text: A First Crawler closes in. A Second Crawler right behind it
text: The first crawler jumps on Vaines’s back, using his flesh as
text: claw holds.
text: Vaines SCREAMS.
text: The crawler instantly doubles the downward weight, tugging
text: Vaines back into the shaft, pulling Sarah down wit him. Rios
text: holds tight. But they are all being pulled into the
dialog: precipice.
text: The second crawler grabs at Vaines’s legs. Gnawing at his
text: boots. Tripling the weight. SLUMP. They all slip back
dialog: further.
text: Vaines screams louder. Blood bursts from his mouth.
text: As Vaines is pulled backwards, Sarah clings to a rock, with
text: her free hand to anchor herself.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: The keys.
text: Realising he’s fucked, Vaines fumbles for the keys.
text: Finally gets them.
text: But the first crawler BITES into his arm.
text: He drops the keys. They fall into the darkness.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Juno!
text: Juno realises immediately what Sarah’s asking her to do.
dialog: 81.
text: She glances at Vaines, overrun by crawlers, realising he’s
dialog: going to die.
text: Juno raises her pick.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Juno! Please.
text: Juno has to lean down into the shaft to have a shot.
text: It puts her directly in Vaines’s eyeline.
text: He watches in horror as Juno aims the pick at his wrist.
text: The collective weight shifts further back. One more pull and
dialog: Sarah’s gone too...
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Please.
text: Juno slams the pick into Vaines’ wrist
text: Vaines SCREAMS hideously.
text: Rios watches on in shock.
text: But Juno hacks again. And again. Through skin, sinew bone,
text: gristle, tendons. There are eight bones and four joints in
text: the wrist. It’s bloody, grisly work.
text: Again, Vaines is pulled harder, tendons strain, rip. Last
text: tendon. Blood down him. Crawler on throat-- pulling them
text: down. Juno has one last shot.
text: A final sinew stretches and snaps as...
text: Vaines falls away.
text: The crawlers fall with him.
text: Disappearing down into the dark
text: Sarah hangs free.
text: They hoist her up over the lip.
text: Vaines’s severed hand dangles from her cuffs. Disgusted
text: Sarah tries to shake it free. It remains persistently in
dialog: place: takes some effort to get it loose.
text: They back away from the drop. Sarah meets Juno’s eye. Nods
text: something approximating thanks.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Which way?
dialog: 82.
dialog: Juno points.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Wait. There’s something I didn’t
dialog: tell you.
scene_heading: EXT. CRAWLER FEEDING CHAMBER - DARK
text: Sarah, Juno and Rios peer round a corner in a TUNNEL, peer
dialog: round the corner into...
text: A wide, domed chamber.
text: An awful cacophony of raspy wet CHEWING.
text: Wherever Rios aims her thermal imaging camera, it reveals:
text: heat blobs. Dozens of heat blobs. Each one a live crawler;
text: hardly any floorspace between them, tearing at their freshly
text: slaughtered prey- both animal and human.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: It’s where they eat.
text: Juno points to the far side of the chamber: a tunnel wet with
text: blood from where slaughtered creatures have been brought.
text: To get there, they have to SWIM through the BLOODPOOL [where
text: run-off blood collects] that runs along the side of the
dialog: chamber.
text: Rios shakes her head: is Juno mad?
text: Juno nods. It’s the only way.
text: Sarah and Juno hold a long look.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWLER FEEDING CHAMBER - DARK
text: The three of them slip into the blood pool...
text: The stench is horrendous. The sounds are worse: disgusting
text: glimpses wet LIPSMACKS, CHOMPING, TEARING, CHEWING.
text: They wade through the pool...slow, claggy progress
text: They communicate with hands and heads: Stop; Go; That way.
text: A discarded bone SPLASHES between them. A false alarm.
text: They press on. All too aware of their prospective fate.
text: Finally they climb out of the blood pool, dripping with
dialog: blood.
text: They edge on, towards the tunnel.
dialog: 83.
text: Picking their way through discarded bones.
text: One false foot will alert them all.
text: Rios suddenly steps inches from Greg’s half-eaten head.
text: Rios’s urge to gag intense. PARASITES crawl out, onto her
dialog: boot.
text: She steels herself, follows the others into the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. SINKHOLE JUNCTION - MOMENTS LATER
text: Several feet in, they reach a JUNCTION at the base of a
text: sinkhole. Far, far above: a distant pinprick of LIGHT.
text: A chimney-like structure, formed by falling water, its sheer
text: sides are round and smooth. Feeling the smooth wall, Sarah
text: talks at a whisper.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We can’t hammer in holds, we’ll
text: upset the neighbours.
speaker_heading: JUNO
text: Two people, back to back.
text: A beat. Someone must be left below. Sarah and Rios look at
text: each other, at Juno, not quite trusting her.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: I couldn’t climb a tree.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: We’1l drop a rope.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: You better.
text: Sarah and Rios, back to back, legs pressed on opposing walls
text: crab their way up the chimney.
text: Every friction hold dislodges small stones and rock dust that
text: trickle down.
text: Agonising moments for Juno, at the bottom, aware of the
text: eaters that might be alerted down the tunnel. She sees hot
text: shapes shuffle in her thermal imaging.
text: Rios’s untrained leg wobbles, strains for a hold. They
text: struggle to keep their shape. Knocking a carabiner from
text: Sarah’s belt...
dialog: It falls forever...
dialog: 84.
text: Lands with a CLANG.
text: Juno sees crawlers stir, raises her pick.
text: Then the crawlers thankfully return to their troughing.
text: Finally Sarah and Rios reach a ledge, halfway up. From here,
text: the chimney tapers such that one person can continue alone.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Keep climbing.
text: Rios hesitates, then presses on for the top.
text: At the bottom, Juno winces at every SCUFF of her boots, every
text: falls of dislodged rock.
text: Sarah throws a rope down, tugs it tight for Juno.
text: Juno starts her rope climb, struggling with her injured leg,
text: alert to every noise. The metallic CLICK of every clasp. The
text: CREAK of rope. The JANGLE of metal buckles against rock...
text: Juno hears crawler’s rustling. Nervous.
text: Sarah holds the rope, taking Juno’s weight, her muscles
text: burning, her hands burning against taut rope.
text: Juno’s injured leg buckles as she struggles to yank herself
text: up faster. She loses her grip, slips back to the bottom.
text: Juno struggles to steady herself, flailing for handholds on
text: the smooth rockface.
text: SLAM. Juno lands hard at the bottom- lets out a CRY. She
text: grits her teeth against the pain.
text: Too late. Crawlers stop eating! An eerie silence.
text: Sarah can see two crawlers closing in on Juno below her
text: Juno swings her pick, fending them off.
text: Above her she can see Rios climbing towards the light.
text: She could leave now and follow Rios.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Go. Go after her.
text: Sarah hesitates.
text: Rios looks back, alive to her dilemma.
text: Two huge lead CRAWLERS pincer in on Juno.
dialog: 85.
dialog: There’s no escape...
text: Sarah drops down on a rope.
text: She lands her boots on the first crawlers head, slamming her
text: pick into the second huge crawler...
text: Sarah faces Juno. No time to talk. A mother of a battle to
dialog: fight.
text: Whilst Rios climbs, Sarah and Juno hack at whatever comes at
text: them. Chopping. Cutting. Smashing...Side by side, Sarah and
dialog: Juno slice, scythe, sever...
text: A bloody blur of close-quarter combat, Sarah and Juno barely
text: distinguishable from the Crawlers they fight.
text: A Crawler lunges. Sinks its teeth into Sarah’s arm.
text: Juno buries her pick into the Crawler’s back. The Crawler
text: releases it jaws to SCREECH in agony, revealing its neck.
text: Juno rams the axe right into the Crawler’s jugular
text: Juno takes an excruciating claw-wound to her injured leg.
text: Sarah jumps in, taking a heavy gut blow- crawler’s claws-
dialog: that was meant for Juno.
text: Back to back, Sarah and Juno dispatch the crawlers with a
text: barrage of blows.
text: ...Finally there are none left. Everything is dead.
text: Juno and Sarah stand together at the centre of a bloody
dialog: circle.
text: Turning, they come face to face with one another. A baptism
dialog: in blood.
text: From all the tunnels, CLICKS, SCUTTLING...
text: Juno picks up the thermal imaging camera. Every way she
text: turns, down every tunnel, red spots: crawlers, closing
text: in...HORDES OF THEM.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: My leg’s fucked. Go. I’11 hold
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You wouldn’t last a minute.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: I lasted two days.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I know.
text: The crawlers close fast.
text: Sarah coughs up blood, presses the deadly gash on her torso.
text: Juno understands the full extent of her injuries.
text: A device on Sarah’s belt FLASHES red: Dan’s gas detector.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Methane. That stuff’1ll kill you.
text: Reading each other’s thoughts, they somehow find smiles.
text: Hearing the crawlers coming through the tunnels, Sarah and
text: Juno turn to face them.
text: Both wield picks. Tired. Fighters in the final round.
text: Juno can barely walk. Sarah’s little better: her breathing
text: laboured; dripping blood. Together they stumble away from the
text: sinkhole, towards the enemy, into the darkness.
speaker_heading: JUNO
speaker_heading: COMEONNNNNN!
text: The Crawlers turn en masse. Snarl and screech.
text: Sarah and Juno slip into a side tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. SINKHOLE - DARKNESS
text: Rios climbs.
text: Emotion shudders through her.
text: But as Rios climbs higher and higher, she grits her teeth...
text: ...fixes her eyes on the light at the end of the TUNNEL.
text: Onward, upward, toward the light.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNELS - DARKNESS
text: Crawlers HUNT.
text: VOICES draw them deeper into the dark...
dialog: They hunt it down. Turn a corner, find...
text: THE CAMCORDER... playing..the party scene.. all the girls from
text: the first film...laughing and having fun...friends...
text: A false trail.
dialog: 87.
text: A crawler sniffs the camcorder, swipes it aside.
text: The crawlers listen out for other noises.
text: Hearing Rios GRUNTS and SCUFFLES as she climbs...
text: With lethal speed, they set out after her.
scene_heading: INT. SINKHOLE - DARKNESS
text: Rios makes for the light above.
text: Below, she hears the crawlers.
text: Then she sees them.
speaker_heading: SARAH (0.S.)
dialog: THIS WAY YOU BLIND FUCKS!
text: The crawlers turn away, after...
speaker_heading: JUNO (0.S.)
dialog: COME TO MAMA!
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DARKNESS
text: Dead-end. Sarah and Juno huddle. Two broken warriors.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: Your belts still flashing.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It’s a fashion thing.
text: It’s Dan’s gas detector: on red alert for methane.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: You got gas?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Something terrible. You got a
dialog: light?
scene_heading: INT. SINKHOLE - DARKNESS
text: Rios climbs towards the light, knowing the others are below.
scene_heading: INT. DEAD END - DARKNESS
text: Juno pulls a zippo lighter.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That’s Holly’s?
dialog: (Juno nods)
dialog: This is yours.
dialog: 88.
text: Sarah hands Juno the ‘love each day’ pendant Paul gave her
text: They interlock the pendant in their hands.
text: They share a look. A silent communion.
speaker_heading: JUNO
dialog: I’1l see you in hell.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Not if I see you first.
text: The Crawlers inch closer. Surround Sarah and Juno.
text: Sarah flicks the lighter.
text: The naked flame ignites the METHANE.
text: A FIREBALL rolls through the cave, swallowing and smiting
dialog: everything.
dialog: Killing all CRAWLERS...
text: Consuming the CAMCORDER: all the girls, in the cabin,
dialog: laughing...
scene_heading: INT. SINKHOLE - DARKNESS
text: With Crawler SCREECHES and smoke rising behind her, Rios
text: climbs up toward the light.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN SIDE - DAY
text: Rios spills out into the surface. Dawn is just breaking.
text: Spectral light.
text: She’s halfway up the mountain. Deep in forest.
text: She rolls over. Overwhelmed. Gulping air. Practically crying.
text: Then she sees a stag. Running for its life, from unseen
text: predators. Blurred shapes, chasing it through the trees.
text: A familiar CLICK...CLICK...
text: Rios’s face suddenly tightens.
speaker_heading: RIOS
text: They hunt above ground.
text: Rios looks around. The nightmare’s not over
text: Rios hunkers down, pulls out her mobile phone. Dials 911.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: This is Deputy Elen Rios. I need
dialog: backup.
text: Hearing a noise, she turns back to the sinkhole.
text: Peers back into the darkness...
speaker_heading: RIOS
dialog: Sarah? Juno?
text: Straining to see into the pitch black.
scene_heading: Flashframe: CRAWLER JAWS, CLOSING IN...
speaker_heading: BLACK.
dialog: 
