scene_heading: THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Guy Ritchie and Lionel Wigram
dialog: August lst, 2012
text: 1963. Eighteen years after the defeat of the Nazis in World
text: War Two. The world is divided between the Capitalist West
dialog: dominated by America and the Communist Eastern Bloc ruled
dialog: over by Russia.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN WALL - CHECKPOINT CHARLIE - DAY
text: The wall stretches in both directions as far as the eye can
text: see. Barbed wire, armed sentries and guard dogs. This is the
dialog: dividing line.
text: NAPOLEON SOLO crosses no-man’s land, past a sign which reads
dialog: ‘You are now entering East Germany.’ He’s in his 40's, poised
text: and confident, with a ready smile. He shows his passport to
text: an East German FRONTIER GUARD, addressing him in perfect
dialog: German.
text: The Guard gestures for him to open his suitcase. Packed at
text: the top are samples of women’s underwear.
text: Solo offers a sample to the Guard, who has a quick look over
text: his shoulder, takes a pair of tights and then hurriedly
text: closes the case, waving Solo through.
text: As Solo leaves the checkpoint, a train is heading towards the
text: border as if to cross it, but as it reaches the Berlin Wall,
text: the track suddenly curves so that the train remains in the
text: East, running parallel with the Wall. Clearly, a modification
dialog: made when the Wall was built.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN STREETS - DAY
text: As Solo walks along we see that he’s being followed. He's
text: aware of it too.
text: Solo enters a bar.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - DAY
text: Solo orders a beer. As he drinks, he glances out of the
text: window at the East German SECRET POLICEMAN who is following
dialog: him.
text: Next to him, a prim-looking, middle-aged WOMAN finishes her
text: coffee, dabs her lips with the napkin, and leaves.
text: Solo unfolds the lipstick stained napkin. On it is an
text: address, and a message, ‘YOU HAVE COMPETITION.’
text: Solo puts the napkin in his pocket and exits.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN STREETS - DAY
text: Solo easily loses his tail.
text: He heads to the address on the napkin. Outside is a car, Solo
text: gets in.
scene_heading: INT. CAR — DAY
text: The driver, ERNST, is a jovial looking fellow with an air of
text: gypsy about him. He flashes a gold-toothed smile at Solo.
speaker_heading: ERNST
dialog: If I was a rich man, la la la la.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You're about to be. Here’s your
dialog: scotch.
text: Solo fetches a bottle of single malt out of his case.
speaker_heading: ERNST
dialog: Glendronach 33. How did you find
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You owe me. That was harder to get
text: through than a pair of jeans.
speaker_heading: ERNST
dialog: The jeans as well?? You’re the
dialog: messiah.
dialog: Solo produces the jeans.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: And you’re greedy, Ernst, but I
dialog: like you anyway. Now here is an
dialog: address, and we need to move, the
dialog: Russians are onto my target.
text: Ernst looks genuinely excited and starts to unbuckle his
dialog: trousers.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing Ernst?
speaker_heading: ERNST
dialog: I can't wait...
text: He continues his mission. Solo rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: ERNST (CONT'D)
dialog: You even got the right size, and I
dialog: am a little heavier than I used to
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I predicted that. Did you get me a
dialog: gun?
text: Ernst pulls his coat off the back seat, only to reveal a
text: large machine gun.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s a machine gun, Ernst. I asked
dialog: for something discreet.
speaker_heading: ERNST
dialog: I am sorry, but it’s the best I
dialog: could do. The Stasi watch
dialog: everything. Since the Russians took
dialog: over, it’s almost impossible to
dialog: make a dishonest living. Not like
dialog: when you were in business. Don’t
dialog: you miss the old black-market days?
text: This hits a nerve with Solo.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: What? The hunger, the cold, the
dialog: filth? Not really, can we go now?
dialog: I’m in something of a rush.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - DAY
text: Ernst points out a dodgy looking automotive repair shop under
text: the arches of the busy railway track.
speaker_heading: ERNST
dialog: It’s a chop shop, I used this place
dialog: for years, but since things have
dialog: tightened up, there’s not a lot of
dialog: business here anymore. You want me
dialog: to wait here?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Yeah, pick me up on the corner, and
dialog: Ernst, we need to get the girl over
dialog: the Wall tonight.
speaker_heading: ERNST
dialog: It’s all arranged boss.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: The walls are covered with motor-racing posters and
dialog: photographs of famous drivers.
text: Solo approaches a mechanic who is working under a car, we can
text: just see a pair of feet.
speaker_heading: SOLO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: (in German)
dialog: I’m looking for Frau Teller.
text: The mechanic rolls out from under the car. Meet GABY TELLER,
text: a 28 year-old knockout in a boiler suit.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: (in German)
dialog: I'm a little backed up, I won’t be
dialog: able to get to your car until next
dialog: week.
text: Gaby affects a hard edge but her clothing, ruffled hair and
text: the oil-smudge on her cheek only serve to accentuate her
dialog: vulnerability.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (in German)
dialog: My name is Napoleon Solo. I’m here
dialog: about your father Frau Teller.
text: Gaby tenses. Solo smiles reassuringly.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: We need your help.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: (in English)
dialog: American?
text: Solo nods.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT'D)
dialog: I haven't seen my father since I
dialog: was ten years old.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I imagine you're aware of what your
dialog: father did during the war?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: He was the senior scientist in the
dialog: Nazi rocket program. Is there
dialog: anything else to know?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: After that, he came to work for the
dialog: U.S. at Los Alamos. Five years ago,
text: he disappeared without a trace.
dialog: We've been looking for him ever
dialog: since, but this is the first sign
dialog: we've had of him. This picture was
dialog: taken a week ago by one of our
dialog: agents in Egypt.
text: Solo shows Gaby a black-and-white photograph of half a dozen
text: men seated at a conference table. Three are wearing high
text: level military uniforms.
text: Solo points to one man who is standing, gesticulating with
text: his arms as if to make a point. He’s an older professorial
dialog: type.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: That’s him...
text: She can’t hide the emotion in her voice.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: It appears your father is in the
dialog: process of making a deal to sella
dialog: nuclear bomb to the Egyptians.
dialog: That’s not great news for Israel,
dialog: which isn’t good news for the rest
dialog: of us. Nasty business nuclear war.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Look, I’m not proud of what my
dialog: father has done, but I told you, I
dialog: haven’t seen or heard from him in
dialog: eighteen years.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: We believe he’s working for this
dialog: man.
text: He points to a man seated next to the Professor. He’s dressed
text: in an expensive linen suit but his face is mostly covered by
text: the Professor’s arm.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I can’t help you.
text: She disappears back under the car. Solo pulls her back out
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: But I bet you know someone who can.
dialog: An old friend, a relative?
text: Gaby thinks about it, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I can't...
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: If you'll agree to help us, I can
dialog: have you on the other side of the
dialog: Wall tonight.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You do understand that I could be
dialog: tortured and imprisoned just for
dialog: listening to you?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I’m offering you a new life.
dialog: Freedom from all of that.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: How do I know you are who you say
dialog: you are? How do I know that
dialog: anything you’ve told me is true?
text: He looks her directly in the eyes.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I know this is sudden. I wish there
dialog: was more time. But that’s how
dialog: urgent the situation is. I will
dialog: protect you and I will get you over
dialog: that wall. I just need you to...
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Trust you?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Trust me.
text: And she almost does. Almost but...
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Why? Because you’re handsome and
dialog: have a nice smile?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Shall I make this easier?
text: He reveals the machine gun under his jacket.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: You're now my prisoner, you don’t
dialog: have a choice.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: That does make it easier.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I have a driver waiting for us
dialog: outside.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - DAY
text: Solo heads out the door and slows abruptly. He notices that
text: Ernst’s car is not quite in the same place, and it’s hard to
text: see Ernst. He’s at a strange angle, Solo doesn’t like this,
text: he drops down quickly as a bullet whistles past his ear.
text: He rolls back into the shop.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: (afraid)
dialog: What’s going on? Who just shot at
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I need the keys to that thing.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: What have you done?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: The Russians are after your father
dialog: too. It’s us or them. Like I said,
dialog: you don’t have a choice.
text: Beat, as her mind clearly shifts.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I’m the only person who drives this
dialog: car.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - DAY
text: The shooter moves closer to get a better angle on the
text: entrance to the garage. Meet ILYA KURYAKIN, Russian, he’s in
text: his early 30’s and radiates a rare combination of physical
dialog: power and intelligence.
text: However in contrast, his choice of clothing is distinctly
dialog: odd.
text: He wears a suit, but it’s a conspicuously bold color and his
text: shirt and tie have striking patterns which are completely
dialog: mismatched. On anyone else, this get-up would look clownish,
text: but Kuryakin manages to make it look cool.
text: As he’s crossing the street, Gaby’s car roars out. Kuryakin
text: snaps his gun up to take aim, but instead of turning down the
text: street, Gaby drives up on the sidewalk to be shielded by the
text: parked vehicles.
text: Kuryakin lowers his gun, calmly walks back to his car, climbs
text: in, and roars after them.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN STREETS - DAY
text: Gaby’s car screeches around the corner, scattering
text: pedestrians. Other cars are forced to swerve out of the way.
text: In the car, Gaby is clearly in her element. Her confidence
text: returns as she focuses on driving which she does with extra-
dialog: ordinary skill.
text: Kuryakin follows, relentless.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GABY’S CAR - DAY
text: Gaby slams on the brakes.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: This guy isn’t going to give up.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I am aware of that, but what are
dialog: you doing?
text: She slams the car into reverse and tightens her safety belt.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Hold on tight. This car is tougher
dialog: than it looks.
text: She hits the gas.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KURYAKIN’S CAR - DAY
text: He rounds the corner to find Gaby looking over her shoulder,
text: reversing straight at him at forty miles an hour. Kuryakin
text: has no time to dodge.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN STREETS —- DAY
text: CRASH. There is an enormous smash as both cars come to a
text: halt. However, Gaby’s car is relatively undamaged. She tears
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GABY’S CAR - DAY
text: Gaby turns to a shaken Solo.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Where did you learn to drive like
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: What’s the point in fixing cars if
dialog: you can’t drive them?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN STREETS —- DAY
text: Kuryakin coolly climbs out of the wreckage of his car, and
text: surveys all the other cars that have stopped to look at the
text: incident. He eventually sees one at the back, it looks fast.
text: He walks up to the DRIVER.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (in German)
dialog: I saw the whole thing, that woman's
dialog: a lunatic!
text: Kuryakin waves his gun at him with a gesture that says “this
dialog: is my car now” and the journey continues.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. GABY’S CAR - DAY
text: She continues to drive fast, avoiding traffic, but eventually
text: she finds herself behind a rubbish truck, picking up trash.
text: Another car is close behind her, she’s stuck. She calmly
text: looks around.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: We can’t stay here.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Really? You’re very observant.
text: She glances at a parallel road a block over, searching for
text: another way out. Suddenly, a car tears down the parallel
text: road. We only see it for a flash, but we know it’s Kuryakin.
text: Solo and Gaby look at each other.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT'D)
dialog: He couldn’t have seen us?
text: Pause. We hear a screech of tires.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Shall we get out of here?
text: Kuryakin’s car tears back and stops. How could he possibly
text: have seen them? Within a second, he is firing shots from his
text: pistol just inches away from their target.
text: Gaby doesn’t hang around. Again she puts the car in reverse,
text: forcing the car behind her back. This gives her enough room
text: to mount the curb, knocking the TRASH COLLECTORS out of the
text: way. She’s off again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KURYAKIN’S CAR - DAY
text: Kuryakin steers with one hand, and shoots with the other.
text: He’s calmer than a coma.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GABY’S CAR - DAY
text: Solo shoots back. Gaby downshifts.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: That man can drive. Can’t you shoot
dialog: better than that?
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You concentrate on the road.
text: She makes a hard left into an alley.
text: Solo is thrown to one side and drops his gun on the floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST BERLIN STREETS - DAY
text: Kuryakin overshoots.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GABY’S CAR - DAY
text: Solo picks up his gun.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Better?
text: Suddenly, her expression changes.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no!
text: Up ahead is a sharp drop as a steep stone pedestrian
text: staircase leads down to the road below.
text: Solo looks behind them. Kuryakin is catching up again. Sirens
text: are approaching behind him.
text: Gaby is slowing down.
dialog: Solo stays cool.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: We can make it.
text: Gaby is shaking her head. Solo starts to climb into the back
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: We need more weight in the back.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I can't...
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You can. You don’t, we’re both
dialog: dead... Trust me... Now put your
text: foot down.
text: Gaby looks at him, hits the gas, and they’re airborne.
scene_heading: EXT. STEPS - DAY
text: Amazingly, the car lands on the steps, the back flies up, but
text: it doesn't flip. Instead, it carries on down the steps,
text: reaching the bottom with a crunch.
text: Kuryakin stops his car at the top of the steps. He climbs out
text: of his car and watches them speed away.
scene_heading: INT. GABY’S CAR - DAY
text: Solo breathes a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I'm impressed. You alright?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: That’s a stupid question.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Shall I drive now?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You’re okay, pal. Just stay where
dialog: you are.
text: More sirens. Flashing lights in the distance.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: In there.
text: He points to a multi-story parking structure.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING STRUCTURE - DAY
text: Gaby parks her car.
scene_heading: INT. CAR — DAY
text: Solo and Gaby sit, tensely listening to the sirens go by.
text: Gradually, the sound fades into the distance.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Still going over the Wall tonight?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Follow me.
text: He climbs out of the car.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING STRUCTURE - DAY
text: As Solo and Gaby head for the exit, a car turns into the
dialog: structure.
text: Solo pulls Gaby down behind a car. As the vehicle passes,
text: they see that it’s Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Who is this guy?
text: He pulls her through the back-door.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY - DAY
text: As he and Gaby hurry down the alleyway, Solo looks back to
text: see Kuryakin, looking down at him from the second floor of
dialog: the parking structure.
text: Solo pulls Gaby around the corner and breaks into a run.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS EAST BERLIN STREETS - DAY
text: Solo and Gaby run. And run. And run.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN TRACKS - DUSK
text: Surrounded by industrial warehouses. Solo and Gaby crouch,
text: hidden in the shadows of one of the warehouses. They are out
text: of breath and Gaby looks spent.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: We haven’t lost him, have we?
text: Solo puts a finger to his lips. A long beat. Sure enough,
text: Kuryakin appears between the buildings, coming towards them.
text: A distant rumble grows louder. A train trundles along the
text: tracks moving between them and Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Come on.
dialog: 14.
text: He pulls Gaby up, and they run towards the train. Solo
text: manages to open one of the doors and push Gaby in.
text: On the other side, Kuryakin scans the night as the end of the
text: train passes gradually, revealing the warehouses that were
text: hidden behind it.
text: It appears that Kuryakin is going to let the train pass. At
text: the last minute, he runs to catch up with the final carriage,
text: and jumps onboard.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DUSK
text: Solo has been watching from the window. He pulls his head in.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Did he get on?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Let’s move.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: This is your idea of going over the
dialog: Wall?
text: He leads her towards the front of the train.
text: As they head along the passageway, the CONDUCTOR exits a
dialog: compartment.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR (SUBTITLE)
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Tickets please.
text: He looks slightly suspicious at their dishevelled state.
speaker_heading: SOLO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: Two tickets for the Center please.
text: He pays the Conductor, who takes forever to give them change.
text: As they continue down the passageway, Kuryakin appears at the
dialog: other end.
text: They hurry down the train.
text: Finally, they reach the hallway outside the driver's
dialog: compartment. They can go no further.
text: Solo opens the exterior door, but the train is travelling too
text: fast to jump off. He looks ahead and sees the Berlin Wall
text: approaching.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
text: The train has to slow down to make
text: the turn when it reaches the Wall.
dialog: That's when we jump.
text: Sirens and flashing lights. Solo looks out again. There are
text: now two cop cars driving alongside the train.
text: Here comes Kuryakin. Solo ducks around the corner, just as a
text: volley of silenced machine gun fire thuds into the wall next
text: to his head.
text: Gaby is crouched down, covering her head, body shaking.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: (yells down the corridor)
dialog: You have no place to go, Mr. Solo.
dialog: Give yourself up. There’s no reason
dialog: for the girl to die.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: He knows my name????
dialog: Solo knows he’s right unless...
text: He tries the Driver’s door. Locked. Solo shoots the lock,
text: barges the door open.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN DRIVER'S CABIN - DUSK
text: Solo sticks his gun in the DRIVER'S face. He’s a big, strong
dialog: fellow.
speaker_heading: SOLO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Faster.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (SUBTITLE)
dialog: We won’t make the turn. The train
dialog: will crash into...
text: He gestures to the approaching Berlin Wall.
speaker_heading: SOLO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: Faster.
text: The Driver doesn’t move, but his eyes give him away, flicking
text: to the accelerator handle.
speaker_heading: SOLO (SUBTITLE) (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 16.
text: Solo jams the accelerator forward. At that moment, the Driver
text: grabs for the gun.
text: They grapple as the Wall approaches.
text: Suddenly, Kuryakin is in the cabin, his gun in Solo’s face.
text: He squeezes the trigger as...
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN WALL - NIGHT
text: The train jumps the tracks and smashes through the Wall.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - NIGHT
text: Solo, Kuryakin, and the Driver are tossed around as the front
text: of the train rolls over.
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN WALL - WEST - NIGHT
text: There is a massive hole in the Wall. More than half the
text: length of the train has gone through it, and is now in the
dialog: West.
text: The front carriage is on its side.
scene_heading: INT. WEST BERLIN - TRAIN WRECKAGE - NIGHT
text: Solo swims back into consciousness. The Driver lies groaning
text: next to him.
text: Solo crawls into the passageway. He sees the girl, and hears
text: a groan, she’s semi-conscious.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Gaby?!...Can you hear me?
text: Her eyes open.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: You're going to be alright. You’re
dialog: safe now.
text: We hear the sound of sirens as West German POLICE turn up.
text: Kuryakin is stuck in the wreckage, and can’t free himself
text: easily, he can see his targets disappearing as he attempts to
text: pull himself out.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Solo watches as a DOCTOR examines Gaby. She winces as he
text: touches her bruised ribs.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Welcome to freedom.
text: There’s a knock on the door and SANDERS enters. He’s an
text: effete little man with an air of great cunning and
text: intelligence about him. He’s also Solo’s boss.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Well done Solo.
text: Solo stares at him for a long beat.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Why don’t we step outside.
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Sanders puts the kettle on.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Well, it appears the Russians are
dialog: as anxious as we are to find
dialog: Professor Teller.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I’ve had enough.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: What is your secret?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know there’s no one in the
dialog: history of the Agency with a higher
dialog: success rate when it comes to
dialog: recruiting and running female
dialog: assets. You’re a bit of a legend.
text: A long pause. Solo stares at Sanders.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You heard what I said.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: You need a break.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: No, I have had enough. Twelve years
dialog: of playing your little games. I’m
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: You seem to be forgetting
dialog: something... You’re on thin ice
dialog: Solo, and there are things,
text: unpleasant things, lurking under
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Threatening me with a prison cell
dialog: has lost its traction Sanders. Put
dialog: me away, it’s better for everyone's
dialog: health.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Pull yourself together Solo.
text: Solo suddenly grabs him by the throat and pins him against
text: the wall.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: This won’t mean much to you, but
dialog: she trusted me.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Look Solo, she’s going to be okay.
text: There's a beat, Solo releases his grip.
speaker_heading: SANDERS (CONT'D)
dialog: I tell you what, let’s meet again
dialog: tomorrow, we’ll talk about it
text: sensibly.
scene_heading: EXT. EGYPTIAN BARRACKS - GYM - EARLY MORNING
text: An EGYPTIAN OFFICER is running outside the barracks, he looks
text: fit and has an expression like he means it. We become aware
text: of a man running up behind him. This is ALEXANDER SKORPIOS,
text: he’s dressed to run.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Colonel. I heard you were an early
dialog: bird.
text: The Egyptian acknowledges him, but continues running.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: I like the sand before the sun
dialog: beats it.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I hope I am not bothering you?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Not in the least, you and the
dialog: Professor have done Egypt a great
dialog: service... But I thought you had
dialog: left already, Mr... “Smith.”
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I’m back for the day. A couple of
dialog: loose ends I needed to tie up. By
dialog: way, my name is Alex...
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: No. Please. Let’s stick to
dialog: protocol.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh, I’m confident you can be
dialog: trusted Colonel. I’m Alexander
dialog: Skorpios.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Good to meet you, Mr. Skorpios.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You're quite a legend in the camp,
dialog: Colonel, winner of the army
text: triathlon six years in a row.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you mind if I train with you
dialog: today? I am an amateur athlete
dialog: myself and this will be my last
dialog: opportunity, since our business is
dialog: concluded.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: You’re welcome to, but I warn you,
text: this is not a short work out.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Two hours every morning. A twelve
text: mile run, followed by a two mile
text: swim, and a cool down in the gym.
dialog: Your routine is famous. I’1l drop
dialog: out as soon as you pull away.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Very good then.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: An hour later. Alexander has clearly impressed the Colonel.
speaker_heading: COLONEL (CONT’D)
dialog: You are doing very well, Mr.
dialog: Skorpios.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I am inspired by my company.
scene_heading: EXT. EGYPTIAN BEACH - MORNING
text: We can see the Colonel is a tad concerned by the
dialog: determination and ability of this man. They have reached the
dialog: sea.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: So, the sea. I go round the buoy,
text: then back again.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I am ready.
scene_heading: EXT. EGYPTIAN SEA - MORNING
text: An hour later. Alexander is clearly in front and showing no
text: signs of fatigue, the Colonel on the other hand is now trying
dialog: to keep up...
scene_heading: EXT. EGYPTIAN BEACH —- MORNING
text: Alexander is waiting on the beach... jogging on the spot. The
text: Colonel pulls himself out of the water, he’s desperately
text: trying to not look knackered.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Where did you learn to swim like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: My father taught me that true
dialog: physical strength lies not in the
dialog: body, but in the mind. If you chew
text: bitter for long enough, eventually
dialog: it turns sweet. The gym?
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DAY
text: Alexander is on the bench with a bar over him...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Could you spot me?
text: Alexander thumps out ten reps of a very heavy weight.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Your turn.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: That weight is too much.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It’s all in your mind, Colonel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The Colonel is on the bench, under a weight that he has to
text: struggle with. Alexander stands over him, almost mockingly.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Push push, that’s the spirit
dialog: Colonel, now we're getting
dialog: somewhere. Let’s see how strong you
dialog: really are.
text: At which point, Alexander releases the weight and the Colonel
dialog: takes the strain.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: That's it. Now tell me, how long
dialog: have you been a spy?
text: The Colonel is about to explode with the weight that’s over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Take the weight off me. I don’t
dialog: know what you’re talking about.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You're just not trying hard enough.
dialog: Who are you working for, the
dialog: Americans, or the Russians?
text: The Colonel can’t take the weight for much longer.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Please...!
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Tell me what I want to know, and I
dialog: can help you.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: The Americans... and the Russians.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Thank you Colonel.
text: Alexander reaches down and takes hold of the bar.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You and your government have no
dialog: idea who you're dealing with
dialog: Colonel.
text: With almost superhuman strength, he raises the bar before he
text: slams it down.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST BERLIN - PARK - DAY
text: A beautiful sunny day.
text: Solo is walking with Sanders through public gardens.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: How’s the girl? Is she going to be
dialog: helpful?
text: He walks into a public restroom, gesturing that Solo should
dialog: follow.
scene_heading: INT. PARK RESTROOM - DAY
text: Sanders checks the cubicles.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I think so...
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: You’1l have to do better than that.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: There’s an old friend and colleague
dialog: of her father’s, a Rudolph Von
dialog: Trulsch, endearingly known as
dialog: “Uncle Rudi.” Lives in Greece,
dialog: works for a big shipping company.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT'D)
dialog: She's sure if anybody will be in
dialog: touch with her father, he’s the
dialog: man.
text: Sanders is relieving himself.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Rudi Von Trulsch. I think I have a
dialog: file on him somewhere. Name of the
dialog: shipping company?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Triton.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Even more interesting, rumor has it
dialog: they smuggled Nazi gold to South
dialog: America after the war. Can she be
dialog: trusted?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: That’s your department now sir, I
dialog: got you the girl and I got you a
dialog: name. Now I’m done.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: No Solo, you'll be done when I tell
dialog: you you're done.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I don’t think you understand. I am
dialog: over it, for about a thousand
dialog: reasons, not least of which, I am
dialog: losing whatever advantage I had
dialog: over these people. That lunatic
dialog: Russian android they put on me
dialog: yesterday isn’t like men I have
dialog: come up against before. He was a
dialog: relentless Olympian. That was the
dialog: closest I have come to termination
dialog: in the last ten years. It wasn’t me
dialog: that saved me, it was a banana skin
dialog: here and a rabbit foot there. In
dialog: other words, luck. You want to send
dialog: me back to the cell, send me. I’11
dialog: go. But I am done here.
text: A MAN wearing a hat enters, shutting Sanders up.
text: Solo looks over his shoulder as the Man raises his head, it’s
text: Kuryakin. They both look as surprised as the other about this
dialog: unlikely meeting.
dialog: 24.
text: Without another word, they spring into action. They attempt
text: to draw their guns, but there isn’t enough space to use them.
text: A serious amount of hand-to-hand combat takes place,
text: destroying the lavatory. It ends with Kuryakin putting a
text: choke hold around Solo’s neck.
text: Solo looks up for help from Sanders, he doesn’t have much
text: time. His boss calmly washes his hands as he gasps his last
dialog: breath.
text: Solo spots an owl-like man entering the room. This is
text: Kuryakin’s boss, OLEG. He has the eccentric appearance of a
text: chess grandmaster. He barks an order at Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: OLEG
dialog: Let him go Ilya. You don’t want to
dialog: kill your partner on the first day.
text: Kuryakin’s hold gradually relaxes, both men look shocked by
text: this information. Solo looks up at his boss, who throws away
text: the paper towel.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: That's what I was about to explain
dialog: Solo, but as usual you jumped the
dialog: gun. We were going to meet them in
dialog: the cafe outside. Nature’s needs
dialog: clearly got the better of their
dialog: agent as he did of you.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - CAFE - MINUTES LATER
text: Oleg sips a cup of tea.
speaker_heading: OLEG
dialog: We don’t know yet who is behind
dialog: this but we both agree, not that
dialog: Sanders and I have ever talked
dialog: before...
text: He and Sanders chuckle.
speaker_heading: OLEG (CONT'D)
dialog: ...-that it’s unacceptable to both
dialog: our nations to have a third party
dialog: manufacturing and selling nuclear
dialog: weapons to the highest bidder.
text: Sanders nods.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Our mutual interests dictate that
dialog: we should work together.
text: Unofficially and off-the-books, of
dialog: course, if the politicians knew
dialog: about this...
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (to Sanders)
dialog: You're forgetting something.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Excuse us for a second. Solo come
dialog: with me.
text: Sanders stands and Solo follows.
speaker_heading: SANDERS (CONT'D)
dialog: I am not asking you to find the
dialog: President's missing sticky book,
dialog: it’s nuclear war we're talking
dialog: about!... If that’s not enough, and
dialog: prison isn’t, then how about secret
dialog: account number 583937994? Your
dialog: retirement policy. A tidy little
dialog: sum from your noir racketeering
dialog: days... That account is now frozen,
dialog: and I am the only man who can make
dialog: it thaw, but first, you’re going to
dialog: go to work.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: That man sitting there is the
dialog: enemy! He killed your top agent in
dialog: East Berlin not twenty-four hours
dialog: ago, and spent the majority of
dialog: yesterday trying very hard to kill
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Well, you’1l be in safe hands then.
dialog: You yourself reported on how
dialog: capable he was. There is no choice
dialog: in this Solo. Finish the job and
dialog: then, and only then, are you done.
dialog: Now, we have twenty-four hours to
dialog: get ready then you head to Greece
text: with the Russian and the girl, as a
dialog: team.
text: Solo, looks over to Kuryakin. They just stare at each other.
text: INTERCUT BETWEEN CIA CINE ROOM AND KGB CINE ROOM AS FOLLOWS:
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. CIA CINE ROOM - DAY
text: Lights off, a Super 8 film fills us in: Images of a child
text: soldier getting a medal. A young man swimming in the
text: Olympics. Another image pops up of him firing a gun at a
text: target with deadly accuracy.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Kuryakin’s father was killed by the
text: Nazis at the siege of Leningrad.
dialog: The day he got the news, our boy
dialog: joined the army. He was fourteen.
dialog: Killed so many Germans he was given
dialog: the nickname “The Leningrad
dialog: Plague.” The KGB recruited him
dialog: after the war and spent years
text: refining him. His one flaw appears
dialog: to be his temper. But make no
dialog: mistake, he’s their top agent.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KGB CINE ROOM - DAY
text: Oleg clicks his finger and the lights are off, and Oleg walks
text: in front of the film projected onto a wall. Now it’s Solo’s
dialog: turn.
speaker_heading: OLEG (SUBTITLE)
dialog: Solo was a sergeant in the Marines
dialog: during the war. He was awarded the
dialog: Military Cross for bravery. He was
dialog: stationed in Berlin after the war,
dialog: where he became involved in
dialog: multiple criminal activities,
dialog: mostly dealing in black-market
dialog: goods. He speaks many languages,
dialog: and he’s highly cultured for all
dialog: the wrong reasons. He has a a broad
dialog: knowledge of art, wine, antiques,
dialog: only in order to know it’s black
dialog: market value. He was facing a
dialog: fifteen year prison sentence for
dialog: his crimes, but the CIA recognized
dialog: his talent and offered to withhold
dialog: his sentence, as long as he worked
dialog: for them. Since then, he has been
dialog: involved in some of their most
dialog: important and dangerous clandestine
dialog: operations. He has consistently
dialog: bested our top operatives.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: OLEG (SUBTITLE) (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s not predictable. He’s not a
dialog: product of the system.
text: Kuryakin nods.
text: Sanders paces in front of Solo.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Your main mission is to prevent the
dialog: delivery of the bomb. That is the
dialog: first priority. However, you have a
dialog: second obligation. Professor
dialog: Teller’s research represents the
dialog: next generation of nuclear weapons
dialog: technology. It’s way ahead of
dialog: anything we or the Russians have
dialog: currently, and clearly he’s
dialog: succeeded in putting it into
dialog: practice. That research will be on
dialog: a disk. We must have that disk and
dialog: above all else, it must not fall
text: into the hands of the Russians.
text: Oleg lies on a sofa while Kuryakin paces.
speaker_heading: OLEG
dialog: ...it is essential that we get it
dialog: and not the Americans. Once you
dialog: have completed your main mission...
text: Sanders stops pacing.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: You are to use any means...
text: Oleg gets off the sofa.
speaker_heading: OLEG
dialog: ..-mecessary to secure it. Do I
dialog: make...
text: Sanders stares at Solo.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: ..-myself clear?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Gaby sits opposite Solo, who passes her a cup of tea. She’s
text: looking much better.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I kept my end of the deal, and I
dialog: almost died for it. And now you
dialog: want me to come to Greece?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Look we don’t have much time, and I
dialog: need access to Uncle Rudi. If
dialog: anybody knows where your father is,
dialog: it’s him, and if there’s one person
dialog: he’ll tell, it’s you.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I can’t do this. I don’t know this
dialog: world, you’re asking me to be
dialog: something I am not.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Trust me. All I need you to be is
dialog: yourself. I’11l guide you through
dialog: it, this is what I do. Look at it
dialog: as a holiday. You can see the
dialog: sights, get a tan. And I promise
dialog: there'll be no danger.
text: She's melting.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Promise.
text: The chemistry between them is undeniable, but Solo’s all
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: Now, you need some clothes. Let’s
dialog: go shopping.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. CLOTHING STORE - DAY
text: A nice mid-range place that sells sensible clothes.
text: Solo watches as Gaby looks at dresses.
text: He spots an elegant black dress.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: This one isn’t bad.
text: He shows Gaby the dress. She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Black is for funerals.
text: She turns to look at another dress. A troubled look passes
text: over Solo’s face. He’s all too aware that Gaby’s wellbeing is
dialog: again his responsibility.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT'D)
dialog: So Russia and America have become
dialog: friends over this issue have they?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Well, friends might be an
dialog: overstatement... But as coincidence
dialog: would have it, you do already know
dialog: the man we have to partner with.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Know him? How can I know him?
text: At which point, Solo spots Kuryakin. As usual, he’s dressed
text: in an outlandishly colorful and mismatched get-up, which he
text: somehow manages to make cool.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (to Kuryakin)
dialog: You're early.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: We're in a hurry.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Wait just a second. Isn’t that the
dialog: man...?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Yes, it is. I told you, you know
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You've got to be kidding.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: It’s going to be fine.
text: Kuryakin smiles and takes her hand.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Ilya Kuryakin. You are quite a
dialog: driver young lady, I like that ina
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I feel sick. Make it stop.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: That’s perfectly normal, you'll get
dialog: used to the feeling.
text: He sees the dress.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Did you pick this dress?
text: Looking at Solo.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN (CONT’D)
dialog: There is no way my woman is wearing
dialog: this dress.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: What do you mean “my woman?” Solo,
dialog: what does he mean?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I think you should leave this
dialog: department to me, no offense but...
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: My fiancee would never wear this.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Fiancee?
text: They ignore her.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Really, now you're a Russian
dialog: fashion expert? And that suit is
dialog: your qualification?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: So you’re an expert on what a
dialog: Russian architect looks like,
dialog: Cowboy?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I’m not doing this.
text: She storms out of the shop. Solo looks sarcastically at Ilya.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Good work.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Your job was to prepare her.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Your job was to give me time.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EVENING
text: It’s a beautiful evening. Gaby paces in front of a fountain
text: while Solo talks.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: He’s an architect designing a new
dialog: resort for heroes of the Soviet
dialog: Union by the Black Sea. The
dialog: Minister has a weakness for
dialog: classical architecture so he’s been
dialog: sent to Greece to study it. He’s
dialog: managed to get a visa for his
dialog: fiancee.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: (in horror)
dialog: Me?!
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: It’s the perfect cover. Since Uncle
dialog: Rudi lives in Athens, it’s only
dialog: natural that you would pay hima
dialog: visit to tell him the good news,
dialog: and ask him about your father.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Now you want me to be an actress?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: It’s easier than it seems, I’11l
dialog: coach you through it.
text: Gaby shakes her head.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: This is insane.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You can do it Gaby, I'll admit it’s
dialog: a challenge, but I know you can
dialog: handle it.
text: She considers, but again she’s melting.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I can’t believe I’m doing this.
dialog: What will you be doing while I’m
dialog: playing the Russian bride?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I'll be playing an executive for
dialog: American oil, on a business trip to
dialog: check out Triton shipping, Rudi’s
dialog: employer.
scene_heading: EXT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - BEACH - DAY
text: PROFESSOR UDO TELLER, Gaby’s father, stands alone on the
text: rocks, staring out to sea.
text: Looming over him on the cliffs above is a medieval castle.
text: Two men approach him from the direction of the fortress. One
text: is Alexander Skorpios. The other is another older gentlemen,
text: very well dressed, with a mane of thick white hair. There’s
text: an air of dissipation about him. Meet RUDOLPH VON TRULSCH aka
dialog: “UNCLE RUDI.”
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Hello Udo.
text: The Professor is startled from his reverie.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: Rudi. What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I asked him to come.
text: Alexander clearly makes Udo nervous.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: (to Uncle Rudi)
dialog: What do you want me to say? I’ve
dialog: served loyally for twenty-five
dialog: years, haven't I?
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: No one is questioning your loyalty.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: It is one thing for the
dialog: organization to have nuclear
dialog: capability for the purposes of
dialog: leverage or deterrent. It’s quite
dialog: another for us to sell the bomb to
dialog: other parties, who will use it to
dialog: commit genocide.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: The orders come directly from the
dialog: Reichs-Marshall in Buenos Aires. It
dialog: is not for you to question them.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: They didn’t build it! They’re not
dialog: directly responsible!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It’s too late for second thoughts
dialog: Professor. You must finish the job
dialog: you started!
dialog: (to Uncle Rudi)
dialog: Talk to him.
text: He turns and leaves.
text: Rudi puts a calming hand around the Professor’s shoulders.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: I have some happy news, Udo. I’ve
dialog: heard from Gaby.
text: The blood drains from Udo's face.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI (CONT’D)
dialog: She's coming to Athens, with her
dialog: new fiancee. Imagine our little
dialog: Gabriella getting married. Perhaps
dialog: it’s time for a reunion?
text: Udo looks horrified.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: I don’t want her involved in this.
dialog: Keep her away Rudi. Promise me...
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY
text: Solo walks onto the plane, stops for a second, and sees
text: Kuryakin and Gaby sitting together in first class. She hasn’t
text: seen Solo, but Kuryakin has, and takes a sip of champagne.
dialog: 34.
text: Solo takes a step in their direction when he is stopped by
text: the STEWARDESS. She looks at his ticket...
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: Sorry sir, your seat’s the other
dialog: way...
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Laugh.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: You must do what I tell you to do,
dialog: when I tell you to do it... It
dialog: could save your life. Do you
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Good, now laugh... spontaneously,
text: deeply, viscerally...
text: Solo takes this in as the Stewardess points him towards the
text: economy seats, filled with distinctly un-glamorous people.
text: Gaby laughs. Solo looks back at his new partner, who looks
text: over his shoulder before he whispers back in Gaby’s ear...
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Good. Now, where did we first have
dialog: dinner?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Oh, you’re just too funny, aren't
dialog: you, Babushka.
scene_heading: EXT. ATHENS - GRAND HOTEL - DAY
text: A magnificent palace of a building in the best part of town.
text: Solo exits a cab. A BELL-BOY hurries over to relieve him of
text: his luggage and escorts him inside.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOTEL - LOBBY - DAY
text: Oozing luxury and old school grandeur. This is clearly the
text: place where the Athenian jet-set meet.
dialog: 35.
text: As Solo approaches the check-in desk, he passes Kuryakin and
text: Gaby being escorted to the elevator.
text: Solo waits as the guest ahead of him finishes checking in.
text: He’s a distinguished looking older man.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Enjoy your stay, Mr. Waverly.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: (English accent)
dialog: Thank you, my good man.
text: Solo smiles at the pretty DESK CLERK.
speaker_heading: SOLO
text: Holstein. Checking in.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Welcome to Athens, Mr. Holstein.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOTEL - ROOM - DAY
text: Solo sighs as he takes in the narrow single bed and the
text: window which looks out to the wall of the adjacent building.
speaker_heading: BELL-BOY
dialog: Is there anything else I can help
dialog: you with, Mr. Holstein?
text: Solo tips the Bell-Boy who looks very pleased with the
text: amount. The Bell-Boy leaves, the door shuts. Solo looks at
text: his watch and goes to open the door. There is a MAN standing
text: there with another case, he looks surreptitiously down the
text: corridor, and then passes the case to Solo.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: You have an appointment with the
dialog: owner of Triton shipping tomorrow
dialog: morning. Details are in here.
text: He hands Solo an envelope and disappears.
text: Solo unpacks the case. He presses a secret latch revealing a
text: false bottom. Underneath is his spy gear: an automatic with
text: silencer, a couple of false passports, miniature camera, and
text: an assortment of electronic bugging and tracking devices.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOTEL - SUITE - NIGHT
text: Gaby stands on the balcony admiring the view of the
dialog: Acropolis.
dialog: 36.
text: There’s a knock at the door. Kuryakin replaces the false
text: bottom in his very similar suitcase, concealing his own spy
text: gear, before letting Solo in.
text: Gaby hands Solo an envelope.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Uncle Rudi has invited us for
dialog: dinner this evening.
text: Solo looks at the card.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Us...
text: He points to himself and Gaby.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: That's fortuitous, Taverna Tony.
dialog: I've heard it’s the best restaurant
dialog: in Athens. I’1l be close by.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Take the evening off Cowboy. We
dialog: won’t need you.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: It wasn’t you I was thinking of,
dialog: Kalinka. I'll be there anyway. A
dialog: man has to eat and I like a sun-
text: dried octopus.
text: Kuryakin finishes knotting his tie, and puts on his jacket.
dialog: Once again, the clothes should be ridiculous, but Kuryakin
text: somehow pulls it off.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you want me to lend you a tie?
text: Kuryakin just laughs and stands next to Gaby.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: How do we look, John Wayne?
speaker_heading: SOLO
text: Like a beautiful wave clipper
text: weighed down by a very heavy
dialog: anchor.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Don’t listen to him angel, you look
dialog: magnificent.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: No one can accuse you of cowardice,
dialog: Stalin.
text: Kuryakin takes a ring out of his pocket and slips it on
text: Gaby’s engagement finger.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Now... like we’re lovers.
text: He takes her hand and goes to kiss her on the lips.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Where do you think you’re going?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Practice angel, practice.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Practice on him.
scene_heading: EXT. ATHENS - TAVERNA TONY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: An outdoor restaurant on the most fashionable boulevard in
text: Athens. The rich and the beautiful populate the streets and
text: bars, drinking cocktails at the candlelit tables, or driving
text: by in their open-topped Italian and British sports cars.
text: A group of paparazzi are hanging out in front, photographing
text: the guests as they come and go.
text: Kuryakin and Gaby are seated at one of the best tables.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Uncle Rudi has been good to me. He
dialog: paid for private tutors for years
dialog: in Germany, so he likes to play at
dialog: being my father sometimes. So,
text: understand if he starts to grill
dialog: you.
text: Solo is seated at a table near the door. He’s listening to
text: the conversation through a tiny earpiece. He eats his octopus
text: while reading a guide book. He has a camera around his neck.
text: He takes the occasional snapshot. Typical American tourist.
text: A massive Mercedes pulls up. The CHAUFFEUR hurries to open
text: the door and out steps Uncle Rudi.
text: Solo notices him nod almost imperceptibly to two THUGS
text: standing on the far side of the road. He snaps a shot of Rudi
text: and zooms his lens to reach the Thugs.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Gabriella my darling! Age is being
dialog: much kinder to you than it is to
dialog: me. So rare that a facade so pure,
dialog: reflects so accurately the goods it
dialog: contains.
text: He kisses her hand. Kuryakin rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You're doing it again Uncle, stop
dialog: with your flattery.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Nonsense, I report the truth. I
dialog: never thought I’d see you out of
dialog: that country of darkness. The light
dialog: of freedom treats you well. No
dialog: disrespect to you young man, or
dialog: should I call you Comrade?
text: He turns to Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Whatever makes you happy sir.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: What will make me happy, is to know
dialog: that my Gabriella will be marrying
dialog: aman that’s worthy of her. And how
dialog: long have you two lovebirds known
dialog: each other?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Two years Uncle.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: You didn’t think to mention him.
dialog: Were you ashamed?
text: Kuryakin looks confused.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Why should she be?
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: I appreciate that the equity of
dialog: aristocratic blood is wasted on a
dialog: communist, however, even a Russian
dialog: peasant must recognize the
dialog: incompatibility of mixing the blood
text: of a race horse with that of a cart
dialog: horse.
dialog: 39.
text: The Russian goes quiet as he tries to calculate the depth of
text: the insult that has been levelled at him.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You must forgive Rudi, Ilya
dialog: dearest, he’s a terrible snob. And
dialog: not to be taken to seriously.
text: The Russian is speechless, his hands grip the side of his
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Tell me Ilya, did they get you to
dialog: build the Wall before they put you
dialog: behind it? You are shaped like a
dialog: power lifter, not an architect!
text: The Russian forces himself to speak.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I like to jog...
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Does Gabriella ride on your back?
dialog: You must jog a great deal to look
dialog: like that, it’s a wonder you have
dialog: any time for architecture. And
dialog: where do you jog to? Or is it the
dialog: kind of jogging that goes nowhere?
dialog: Please tell me it’s not that, not
text: the “old dog chasing its tail”
dialog: routine.
dialog: We can see the Russian has had enough.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: No, jogging’s the warmup to the
text: “pulling the tongues out of old men
dialog: who have forgotten what trouble it
dialog: can get them into” routine.
dialog: Pause, this could go either way. Solo, who’s heard
text: everything, looks horrified.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
text: A sense of humor and a muscled
text: corsair’s daring, all wrapped up in
text: a tie that can only be worn by a
dialog: man permanently drunk on courage. I
dialog: commend you on your choice Gaga, a
dialog: rare find. Now let’s order.
dialog: 40.
text: Rudi gives a slight nod, and the Greek band strikes up a
dialog: tune.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ATHENS - TAVERNA TONY - NIGHT
text: Kuryakin, Gaby, and Uncle Rudi are on their coffee.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Uncle, I’ve been wondering about my
dialog: father. I’d give anything to see
dialog: him again. You're his greatest
dialog: friend, I thought perhaps.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Your father is a fugitive, my dear.
dialog: A hunted man. He’d be very foolish
dialog: to be anywhere in Europe.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: But if there were any way to reach
dialog: him? His only daughter is getting
dialog: married after all.
text: Rudi shakes his head.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Gabriella, I feel for you as I
dialog: would for my own child, but I’m
dialog: afraid I can’t help you.
text: He stands.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI (CONT’D)
dialog: And now, it’s getting late. I
dialog: highly recommend that you take the
dialog: short stroll back to your hotel.
dialog: The Acropolis at night is something
dialog: not to be missed, especially for an
dialog: architect.
text: Solo watches as they exit. Rudi points which way to walk
text: before he is whisked away in the massive Mercedes.
text: As Kuryakin and Gaby stroll up the boulevard, the two Thugs
text: from the beginning of the scene start to follow them.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Kuryakin and Gaby turn the corner.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I can’t believe you threatened to
text: pull his tongue out.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I wouldn't have pulled it out, just
dialog: stretched it a little. We used to
dialog: do it in the early days, it takes
dialog: quite a lot of technique.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Where do you come from?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Just kidding.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: No you weren’t.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Okay, I wasn’t, but that doesn’t
dialog: matter now. What does is that Rudi
dialog: knows exactly where your father is.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: What makes you so sure?
text: They are interrupted by the sudden arrival of a moped, it’s
dialog: Solo.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You're being followed.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I know, two of them. “Goose-step”
dialog: Rudi sent them. I know what they’re
dialog: doing here, but I don’t know what
dialog: you're doing here. I told you I
dialog: didn’t need your help.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Oh yes, you do. Now give me your
dialog: gun, before it gets us all into
dialog: trouble. You’ve clearly got a very
dialog: short temper... threatening to pull
text: his tongue out.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: It’s not very short.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Yes it is.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: It’‘ll happen around the next
text: corner. It’s quiet and they’ve put
dialog: the street lamp out. Remember,
dialog: you're an architect, take it like a
dialog: pussy. Now give me your gun. I
dialog: don’t have time to argue.
text: Kuryakin rolls his eyes and obliges.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I don’t understand.
text: Kuryakin reluctantly hands the gun over. Solo zooms off on
dialog: the moped.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Act scared.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I don’t need to act.
text: Here come the two Thugs. One pushes Kuryakin against the wall
text: and jabs a knife against his throat. Kuryakin’s fingers
text: twitch, but then his hand relaxes.
text: The other grabs Gaby by the arm.
speaker_heading: THUG 1
dialog: Money!
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Yes, yes... Take whatever you want.
dialog: We don’t want any trouble.
text: Thug 1 rifles through Kuryakin’s pockets, takes his money.
text: The other does the same with Gaby’s purse. Then he pulls the
text: rings off her finger.
speaker_heading: THUG 1
dialog: Watch.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Please, it was my father’s, it’s
dialog: not worth anything.
text: Thug 1 slaps him, hard.
speaker_heading: THUG 1
dialog: Now!
dialog: 43.
text: Kuryakin grits his teeth. It’s taking all of his self control
text: not to react as Thug 1 rips the watch off his wrist and
text: pauses, he looks into Kuryakin’s eyes.
speaker_heading: THUG 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Your woman’s braver than you.
text: He slaps him again. Kuryakin fakes fear... but he slightly
text: betrays himself. He gets slapped again.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You have what you want, now please
dialog: leave us!
speaker_heading: THUG 1
dialog: Nothing to say big man?
dialog: Slap...
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: THUG 1
dialog: Nothing? What’s all the muscles
dialog: for?
text: Another slap, then the two men run off.
text: Solo steps out of the shadows.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Everyone okay?
text: Kuryakin groans.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Enjoy the show?
text: Solo hands him back his gun.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Good restraint. Your father’s
dialog: watch. Nice touch.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: It wasn’t a touch, it was his
dialog: watch.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I still don’t understand. What’s
dialog: going on?
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Your Uncle Rudi wanted to find out
dialog: if Kalinka here really was an
dialog: architect, and not some short-—
text: tempered lunatic Russian spy.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I want my watch back.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOTEL - SUITE - NIGHT
text: Gaby is talking on the telephone, watched by Solo and
dialog: Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Right after we left you, Uncle
dialog: Rudi. It was horrible... They beat
dialog: poor Ilya... No he'll be okay, it’s
dialog: just the shock, he felt so helpless
dialog: and weak.
text: She looks at Kuryakin with a slight smile, he doesn’t return
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes, the hotel is sending a doctor.
dialog: okay, good-night then.
text: She hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s invited us to the racetrack
dialog: tomorrow, to watch his employer's
dialog: team practice.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: And I have an appointment to meet
dialog: the same man tomorrow morning,
text: early, to discuss oil tankers.
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER SKORPIOS’ OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Rudi hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: She'll be coming to the racetrack
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Good. She’s exactly what we need to
dialog: convince her father to finish the
dialog: job. What do you think about the
dialog: Russian?
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: I am not sure.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well you need to be.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Leave it with me.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT OF ATHENS - DAY
text: A taxi drops Solo off outside, a brand new ultra-modern
text: building at the entrance to one of the piers, TRITON
speaker_heading: SHIPPING.
scene_heading: EXT. TRITON HEADQUARTERS —- COURTYARD - DAY
text: A SECRETARY leads Solo through a beautifully landscaped
text: garden filled with classical sculptures.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: This way, Mr. Holstein.
speaker_heading: SOLO
text: Impressive sculptures.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: We're proud to be the largest
dialog: private restorers of antiquities in
dialog: all of Greece.
text: They continue past a converted warehouse with big glass
text: walls, where there are twenty MARTIAL ARTS STUDENTS fighting.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (CONT’D)
dialog: And this is our Spartan Boxing
dialog: Academy. It was founded by Mr.
dialog: Skorpios’ father. Legend has it
dialog: that the three hundred Spartans
dialog: used this same fighting style to
dialog: hold off ten thousand Persians at
text: the battle of Thermopylae.
text: Solo notices a very attractive young woman among them, she
text: appears to be a skillful fighter.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (CONT’D)
dialog: This way please.
text: They enter a modernist pavilion in the middle of the garden.
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER SKORPIOS’ OFFICE - DAY
text: A huge room. Alexander Skorpios finishes issuing orders to an
text: underling.
text: Solo looks at a series of family photographs on the wall.
text: Pictures of: Alexander and Elena as children; their mother, a
text: beautiful older woman, and in pride of place, a picture of a
text: big brute of a man, ACHILLES SKORPIOS, standing in front of a
text: fishing boat with his two young children.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Mr. Holstein?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Quite a set up you have here, Mr.
dialog: Skorpios.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You liked our Spartan Boxing
dialog: Academy? Great exercise and so much
dialog: less boring than running or going
dialog: to the gym. My father practiced it
dialog: everyday and he lived to ninety-
dialog: eight! You should try it sometime.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I'm afraid I’m not much of a
dialog: fighter.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well, we could always have my
dialog: sister give you a lesson.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I’m not sure whether to be
dialog: flattered or offended.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Please sit down. Can I get you a
dialog: coffee or anything?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I’m fine. Thank you.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: So, Mr. Holstein, I’m surprised
dialog: that we haven’t met before.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought I knew everyone at Texas
dialog: Oil.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I’m freelance, so to speak Mr.
dialog: Skorpios. My employers are not
dialog: happy with their current shippers,
dialog: and they are looking to make a
dialog: change, but they don’t necessarily
dialog: want to advertise their intentions
dialog: by sending their own executives.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: So you’re not here to spy on us?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Well, if I am, I am not about to
dialog: admit it to you sir. But I’m
dialog: intrigued, why would the owner of a
dialog: shipping company be worried about
dialog: spies?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: The biggest shipping company in the
dialog: world, Mr. Holstein. We can move
dialog: four billion tons of oil a year,
dialog: which I trust will be enough to
dialog: cover your needs. But our aerospace
dialog: department now represents a quarter
dialog: of our business. New technology is
dialog: a very competitive field and we
dialog: have had issues with industrial
dialog: spies. Regrettably, we’ve found it
dialog: necessary to be quite rough on
dialog: occasion.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Well then, you'll be relieved to
dialog: hear that I’m not remotely
dialog: interested in stealing your
dialog: aerospace secrets. You’re
dialog: sculptures on the other hand... I
dialog: haven’t seen a Praxiteles and a
text: Lysippus in the same room since the
dialog: Christie’s sale of ‘59.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Ah, finally a man who has his
dialog: priorities in order. So rare in
dialog: this business. Tell me, what are
dialog: you up to this afternoon? I’m
dialog: having a little gathering at the
dialog: racetrack.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Please, come as my guest, and we
dialog: can continue our conversation about
dialog: how we’re going to move your oil.
scene_heading: EXT. RACETRACK —- SKORPIOS ENCLOSURE - DAY
text: A Skorpios car roars past... A man clicks his stopwatch shut.
text: Kuryakin, Gaby, and Uncle Rudi look on. Behind them is a
text: throng of jet-set guests, enjoying the party, and going back
text: and forth to the private bar.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: What’s the world coming to? A few
dialog: years ago muggings never happened.
dialog: I’m sorry you got hurt Comrade.
text: Kuryakin forces a grin through gritted teeth.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: (rubbing it in)
dialog: He'll get over it, he hasn’t spent
dialog: a lot of time out of Russia.
dialog: Frankly, he needed toughing up a
dialog: bit.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: You were always brave. Even as a
dialog: little girl.
text: Another young woman approaches, the same one Solo saw
text: training earlier. This is ELENA SKORPIOS. She’s very chic in
dialog: a muscular kind of way.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Hello Rudi.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Elena! Allow me to introduce my god-
dialog: daughter Gaby. Gaby, this is Elena
dialog: Skorpios, that’s her brother on the
dialog: track, and also my employer.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Rudi’s told me all about you.
text: There’s something slightly menacing about her smile.
text: The Skorpios car is coming around.
speaker_heading: GABY
text: He drives well.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Do you know much about racing?
text: The car comes into the pits. Alexander gets out, angry. Pulls
text: off his helmet. Yells at his MECHANIC...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I told you to put in the bigger
text: carburetor jets and disconnect that
dialog: stupid rev limiter!
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: I did as much as I thought safe.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You have to improve the
dialog: performance.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: I don’t know what else to do sir.
dialog: We've tried all the other options.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Have the jets been totally cleaned
dialog: and rechecked for size and flow?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: What? Sorry, who are you?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: If I’m not mistaken, that engine’s
dialog: a 1460 c.c. Coventry Climax FWB
text: with a five bearing camshaft. It
dialog: uses 40 DCOE Weber carburetors,
dialog: which work predictably in cooler
dialog: conditions. With this kind of road
dialog: head, you have to expand the carb
dialog: jetting, then you might find what
dialog: you're looking for.
text: The Mechanic calculates.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: You can’t because the expansion
dialog: will produce too much fuel flow and
text: start to foul the plugs.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Not if you're extremely careful and
dialog: tweek no more than .20 to .26mm.
dialog: It's easiest to work from small to
dialog: large until you get the right
dialog: ratio.
dialog: 50.
text: Clearly, the Mechanic’s mind can’t keep up with the math. He
text: looks exasperated, but Alexander looks electrified.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Look lady, I don’t know...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Try it.
text: The Mechanic looks lost. Gaby politely interrupts the moment.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I can do it for you if you like?
text: She rolls up her sleeves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RACETRACK - BAR - DAY
text: Solo continues to play the American tourist, camera slung
text: around his neck. He snaps pictures. Alexander, Rudi, Elena,
text: and others in the entourage.
text: Looking slightly bored, Elena walks past him on the way to
text: the bar. Solo considers, then decides to follow her.
text: He passes Mr. Waverly, the distinguished English gent from
text: the hotel, who is sitting at a table having a drink.
scene_heading: INT. RACETRACK - BAR - DAY
text: Solo gets to the bar before Elena arrives. He leans in to the
text: BARMAN and speaks in hushed tones.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: There’s a hundred bucks in it for
dialog: you if you tell her whatever she
dialog: wants, I just bought the last of.
text: Elena walks up.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Campari and soda.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: I am afraid the gentlemen has
dialog: bought the last one, madam.
text: As he mixes the drink, she looks across to Solo. He raises
text: his eye brows.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I insist you have mine.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You don’t look like a man who
dialog: drinks Campari and soda.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: It was my mother’s favorite drink.
speaker_heading: ELENA
text: A mother’s boy.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Alas, which led to me being a late
dialog: bloomer.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Have you caught up with the other
dialog: boys?
speaker_heading: SOLO
text: Paddling away, but the current is
dialog: strong. I’m Max Holstein with Texas
dialog: Oil.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Ah, the big boys. It appears you’ve
dialog: more than caught up.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I was visiting your brother and I
dialog: saw you training. My history is a
dialog: little rusty, but do I recall
dialog: correctly that in ancient Sparta,
dialog: if a man wanted to ask a woman out,
dialog: he had to fight her first?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Ohh, you are a clever boy!
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Sadly, not a tough one.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Why don’t I believe such modesty?
dialog: You can always try. My office is
dialog: next to my brother’s. I'll be there
dialog: all tomorrow. Why don’t you drop by
dialog: for a lesson?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: EXT. RACETRACK - PITS — DAY
text: Gaby, Rudi, and the mechanics watch Alexander's car going
text: round the track. Alexander comes tearing into the pits. He
text: jumps out of the car. He looks up at the time.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (to Gaby)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Alexander, this is my goddaughter
dialog: Gaby.
text: Alexander takes Gaby’s hand, holds it a little too long.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You should come and work for me. I
dialog: mean it.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I live in East Germany.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Arrangements can be made...
text: Gaby gestures to Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: This is my fiancee, Ilya.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Pleased to meet you.
text: He extends his hand, but Alexander has already turned back to
dialog: Gaby.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I believe that each one of us has a
dialog: destiny and I can help you with
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You don’t know what my destiny is.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I know greatness when I see it, and
dialog: I have the means to encourage its
dialog: potential. I can make you great...
dialog: Now show me what you did to that
dialog: engine.
text: They walk over to the car, out of Kuryakin’s earshot.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You're quite full of yourself,
dialog: aren’t you?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I can afford to be. Come to lunch
dialog: tomorrow.
text: He looks at Kuryakin with disdain.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Alone. Rudi will arrange it.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOTEL - SUITE - EVENING
text: Kuryakin paces angrily.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: He’s a Nazi if I ever saw one.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: You need to control your temper.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I agree.
text: Kuryakin gives him a look.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you think of him?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I think he’s an athletic, good-
dialog: looking gazillionaire, who's
dialog: offered me a job and made advances
dialog: toward me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think I quite like him.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Yes, but do you think he’s up to no
dialog: good?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: If you mean by no good, is he
dialog: planning on stealing me away from
dialog: my fiancee? The answer is yes.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Well that’s not happening. No way!
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I don’t know what you’re upset
dialog: about, you’re not even my fiancee.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: As far as he knows, I am, and I am
dialog: for the purposes of this mission.
dialog: So, like I said, it’s not
dialog: happening.
text: Exasperated.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I mean by “no good,” is he a neo-
dialog: Nazi involved in the selling of a
dialog: nuclear weapon to start a war? Not
dialog: whether or not he is trying to jump
dialog: your bones.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I might need a second conversation
dialog: before he’ll confess to that
dialog: ambition.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I agree. Go to lunch tomorrow.
dialog: Alone. Rattle that tree. There’s
dialog: fruit up there somewhere. We just
dialog: need to find it.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: (grumpy )
dialog: I’d be better off on my own. I’m
text: going to get an early night.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOTEL - ROOM - NIGHT
text: Solo changes into some dark clothing, arms himself, and slips
text: out of his room.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS - NIGHT
text: A big sign reads: TRITON SHIPPING AND AEROSPACE.
text: Solo slips past a security guard hut and onto the pier, which
text: appears to be entirely occupied by Skorpios.
text: Moving through the cranes and stacks of containers, Solo
text: looks around. There are big storage warehouses, an enormous
text: tanker being loaded up, and at the very end, a bunker-like
text: building which houses Triton Aerospace.
dialog: 55.
text: This building has a high fence around it and is heavily
text: guarded by uniformed security.
text: Just inside is a guard tower with a spotlight, whose beam
text: periodically rakes the front of the building.
text: Solo is standing in the shadows, looking for the best point
text: of entry, when suddenly he sees another figure, also dressed
text: in black, heading towards his hiding place.
text: Solo pulls his gun and crouches behind a crate. The figure
text: stops exactly in the spot where Solo was concealed.
text: Solo peeps around the edge of the crate, and sees Kuryakin
text: also scanning the fence of the aerospace building.
text: Kuryakin spins, wielding a vicious looking knife.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I thought you were having an early
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
text: Cowboy? Dressed in black and hiding
dialog: in shadows. This is what you do
dialog: when the sun goes down?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: This is my patch, pal. Go and find
dialog: your own warehouse.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: This is my warehouse. You’re
text: confused again.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Look, this is my job. I don’t need
dialog: you lurking about here, setting off
text: alarms.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I don’t set off alarms, and I only
dialog: work on my own.
text: They glare at each other.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You know what, this is my last
dialog: mission. All I want is for it to go
dialog: nice and smooth. So... you can tag
dialog: along, just don’t get in the way.
dialog: In and out. No one needs to know,
dialog: and we can forget about it in the
dialog: morning.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: You're getting out?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: None of your business. Let’s not
dialog: pretend we’re pals. Shall we get on
dialog: with this?
text: He runs over to the fence. Kuryakin follows.
text: Solo pulls out what looks like an ordinary pocket-knife, and
text: opens the scissors. Kuryakin looks dubious as Solo starts to
text: cut the wire, impressed as the blade slices through like
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
text: Super-hardened boron sharpened with
text: a parallax laser.
text: Kuryakin shrugs, he pulls out what looks like a large pen.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
text: A parallax laser.
text: His cutter works significantly better than Solo’s.
text: They peel back enough of the wire to be able to slip through.
text: Solo points to a small doorway at one end of the wall.
speaker_heading: SOLO
text: The spotlight beam crosses that
dialog: doorway every forty-seven seconds.
dialog: There are two locks. One each?
text: Kuryakin nods. He takes out a device that looks like a
text: screwdriver, with a wire coming out of one end, attached to
text: an earpiece. Clearly, a super high-tech lock pick.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Go.
text: As the spotlight passes, he sprints to the door. Solo is
text: close behind.
dialog: 57.
text: Kuryakin sticks the earpiece in his ear, and inserts the pick
text: into the bottom lock.
text: Solo calmly takes a paperclip out of his pocket, unfolds it,
text: and goes to work on the top lock.
text: In the meantime, the spotlight has reached the end of the
text: building, and is beginning its journey back.
text: Solo makes short work of his lock, but Kuryakin is having
dialog: trouble with his.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Struggling?
text: Kuryakin shakes his head.
text: The light is getting closer.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: Need some help?
text: Closer.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: We don’t have all night, in fact,
text: about ten seconds.
text: A couple more tries with the pick, then Kuryakin gives up and
text: kicks the door, breaking the lock.
scene_heading: INT. TRITON AEROSPACE - NIGHT
text: Solo and Kuryakin are in a narrow corridor. They hold their
text: breath, listening to know whether the sound of the door has
dialog: alerted anyone. Apparently not.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: That was one way to do it.
text: Kuryakin shrugs.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: We're in, aren’t we?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: And we've left a trail. Since we
dialog: have to work together, we should
dialog: agree on an approach. And in my
dialog: experience, ninety-nine percent of
dialog: the time, the scalpel is more
dialog: effective than the hammer.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I don’t need a lesson from you,
dialog: Cowboy.
text: Kuryakin is already heading down the corridor.
text: They move past various administrative offices until they
text: reach an open hallway with walls of glass, which look into a
dialog: series of laboratories.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY WING - NIGHT
text: Solo and Kuryakin move through the labs. They are clearly
dialog: being used to manufacture high-tech electronic components for
text: rocket guidance systems and satellites, but no sign of
dialog: anything to do with nuclear weaponry.
text: Solo and Kuryakin look at each other.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: There’s nothing here.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Or there’s something we’re not
dialog: seeing.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: We search and most of the time we
dialog: find nothing. That is the nature of
dialog: our business. Let’s go.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Let’s take one more pass.
text: The sound of approaching footsteps. They duck down behind a
dialog: desk.
text: A GUARD passes by, on patrol. Solo waits until he enters the
text: next room, then starts to move. Solo can see Kuryakin isn’t
dialog: moving.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: Shall we go?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: That’s the man who stole my
dialog: watch...
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: This isn’t the time...
text: But Kuryakin is already going after him.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: This way, dammit!
text: It’s like a game of grandmother's footsteps, with Kuryakin
text: sneaking up behind the Guard who periodically senses
text: something behind him, and turns, causing Kuryakin to hide.
text: Finally, Kuryakin gets within striking distance. Solo is
text: shaking is head. Get on with it man. But Kuryakin goes into
text: some strange stance, puts both hands behind his back, and
text: whistles, the guard spins. Kuryakin slaps the man so hard,
text: it’s almost unbelievable. The man is paralysed, and just
text: stands there frozen, while Kuryakin checks his wrist. Solo is
text: quite shocked by this action.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: What have you done to him?
text: He grabs the Guard’s left wrist.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: It’s known as the “KGB Kiss,”
dialog: effective isn’t it? Took years to
text: master, although he’s standing,
text: he’s completely unconscious. Will
dialog: be for twenty minutes, when he
text: wakes up, he won’t remember what
dialog: day it is.
text: Solo comes in for a closer inspection of the unconscious man,
text: in spite of himself, he’s fascinated.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn! It’s not my watch.
dialog: He looked exactly like this man.
text: He pushes the Guard, he collapses.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Can we go now?
text: Solo turns to leave, and suddenly stops. He has spotted a
text: heavy protective suit hanging on the wall.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: What is a radiation protection suit
dialog: doing hanging in an electronics
dialog: lab?
text: He looks around the immediate area. Nothing. He then flicks a
text: lone light switch on the wall, and the floor starts moving
text: under Kuryakin’s feet.
dialog: 60.
text: Kuryakin steps to one side, as a section of floor slides open
text: to reveal a hidden staircase.
text: Solo taps his temple with the tip of his index finger.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT'D)
dialog: Scalpel.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: If I hadn’t gone after my watch...
text: But Solo is already heading down the stairs. At the bottom is
text: a door that he opens.
scene_heading: INT. NUCLEAR LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: The lab is pretty much empty. There are a few cannisters and
text: what looks like some disassembled centrifuge equipment, but
dialog: that’s it.
text: Solo takes off his watch and presses a button. The watch
text: emits a faint clicking sound. It is a Geiger counter.
text: Kuryakin eyes his own wrist mournfully.
text: The clicking gets louder as Solo approaches a large steel
text: vault door, set into the wall. In the center is a combination
dialog: lock.
text: Kuryakin offers Solo the lock.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You sure... because if you want to
dialog: try.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Hurry up.
text: Solo goes to work on the lock. He has the finesse of an
text: expert safecracker and makes short work of the lock.
text: He turns the handle and opens the door.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You stick with me kid.
text: The lead-lined vault is empty, but the Geiger counter clicks
text: madly.
dialog: 61.
text: Suddenly, there is a terrible shrieking sound.
text: Kuryakin immediately goes into action, heading for the
dialog: stairs.
text: The floor above them is sliding shut. Kuryakin scrambles out
text: and reaches back for Solo, pulling him out just as the gap
text: closes.
text: Through the glass, several SECURITY GUARDS wielding machine
text: guns can be seen approaching.
text: Kuryakin pulls out his gun. It’s super-cool, high-tech, and
dialog: huge.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Hammer.
text: Solo eyes it jealously before pulling out his standard issue
text: automatic, which looks puny by comparison.
text: Kuryakin eyes it with contempt.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN (CONT’D)
dialog: You want to borrow mine?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I am alright, pal.
text: Kuryakin pulls out a second super high-tech pistol.
text: He opens fire with both pistols at the same time. Single
text: shots. All deadly accurate.
text: Solo looks for a way out.
text: He taps Kuryakin on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: Can we get out of here?
text: He points to the window. Kuryakin nods.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: On three... One, two, three!
text: He grabs a chair and runs at the window. Kuryakin follows.
text: SMASH. They’re through the window in a hail of glass and
text: bullets.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT
text: SPLASH. They land in the dark water below, find their
text: bearings, and kick up towards the surface.
text: Bullets smack the water around them as Guards fire from the
text: windows of the building. There are more men running along the
dialog: dock.
text: The two agents swim away from the pier, towards a cluster of
text: fishing and pleasure boats that are moored inside the harbor
dialog: for the night.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You seemed to have a little trouble
dialog: in the water. Did you learn to swim
dialog: late in life?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Actually, I won a silver at the
text: Olympics, but holding a gun in each
dialog: hand does make it more challenging.
text: He raises his hands, revealing the two guns - you’re left
dialog: thinking how could he swim at all with them?
text: In the distance, the sound of an approaching engine. A big
text: motorboat with a searchlight on the front.
text: The beam catches Kuryakin. He ducks underwater.
text: The driver accelerates and in seconds the boat has reached
text: where Kuryakin is swimming. The DRIVER cuts the motor and the
text: boat floats silently. The men scan the water on the starboard
text: side, where they last saw Kuryakin.
text: The boat has cut the two men off from one another.
text: Kuryakin floats as still as he can, ducking under whenever
text: the spotlight passes over him.
text: Solo treads water on the other side of the boat, watching.
text: He can hear the voices of the Guards, talking to each other
dialog: in Greek.
text: One of the Guards takes something out of a bag. Tosses it
text: into the water. KABOOM! A grenade.
text: Even on the other side of the boat, Solo is pummeled by the
dialog: shock-wave.
text: Kuryakin is hit full force. He clutches his ears in agony.
dialog: 63.
text: The guard tosses another grenade in for good measure. Kaboom!
text: Kuryakin is rocked by another shock-wave.
text: The men on the boat scan the water, they find something with
text: the spotlight beam.
text: The engine starts and they move towards it. It’s Kuryakin’s
text: shoe. Satisfied that their job is done, they move off.
text: And sure enough, Kuryakin has blacked out and is sinking.
text: Slowly, slowly he drifts down towards the ocean floor.
text: Then Solo is there, grabbing him under the arms and kicking
text: up to the surface.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Come on, come on.
text: He slaps Kuryakin. Twists his nose. Nothing. Finally, he’s
text: forced to give him mouth-to-mouth.
text: Kuryakin sputters awake.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Okay! I’m okay!
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You don’t look so okay. We’ve got
dialog: to get out of here Mr. Olympics,
dialog: can you swim?
text: Kuryakin nods.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOTEL - SUITE - NEXT DAY
text: Gaby is putting the finishing touches on her makeup. She
text: wears a beautiful dress and looks stunning.
text: Solo sits at the desk, fiddling with some kind of electronic
dialog: device.
text: Kuryakin is on the phone. He hangs up, looks at Gaby and
dialog: Solo.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
text: Alexander’s chauffeur is waiting
dialog: for you downstairs.
text: Solo shakes his head.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I don’t know about this... After
dialog: last night’s debacle, they’1l be
dialog: suspicious of everyone.
text: He glares at Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I’m not the one who set off the
dialog: alarm, Cowboy.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I’ve told you there was no alarm on
dialog: the vault. Obviously they found the
dialog: door someone had kicked in!
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Are you two really going to do this
dialog: again?
text: That shuts Solo and Kuryakin up.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT’D)
dialog: Our best shot is to continue as if
dialog: nothing has changed. Which means, I
dialog: need to go and have my lunch with
text: Alexander and accept his job offer.
text: The two men look at each other, they know she’s right.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I'll fit you with a homing device
dialog: just in case.
text: Solo shows her the device he’s been fiddling with. It looks
text: like a metal lighter.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: Latest technology. Ten mile radius.
dialog: Two day battery. And it’1l light
dialog: your cigarette.
text: He flicks it to demonstrate.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: Flick it the other way and it sends
dialog: a distress signal. We’1ll be there
text: in a matter of minutes.
text: He looks at Kuryakin, expecting some reaction. Kuryakin just
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Impressive.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: See you later then.
text: Solo walks her to the door.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: We'll be close by.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I know.
dialog: 65.
text: She takes his hands in hers, squeezes them, then she leaves.
text: Solo turns to Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I'm surprised.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: By what?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: By the fact that you didn’t feel
dialog: the need to trump me with a “new
dialog: and improved” Soviet tracking
dialog: device. I guess you guys haven’t
dialog: had a chance to steal our
dialog: technology yet.
text: Kuryakin smiles.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Oh, you mean one of these.
text: He produces something that's the size of a postage stamp.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN (CONT’D)
dialog: You can hide it anywhere, twenty
dialog: mile radius, four day battery.
text: A pause as Solo takes this in.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: And you already planted one on
dialog: Gaby, I suppose.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I sowed one into each of her
text: dresses while she was sleeping. A
dialog: bug too.
text: He holds up a second postage stamp-size device.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Well, aren’t you Mr. Superspy.
text: Kuryakin looks smug.
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - DAY
text: A magnificent example of mid-century modern architecture
text: built on a massive scale.
text: A chauffeur-driven Mercedes pulls through the gates, past an
text: ARMED GUARD patrolling with a huge Rottweiler on a leash, and
text: up the driveway to the front door.
text: The CHAUFFEUR jumps out and opens the door for Gaby.
text: In the fore court, half a dozen of the most stunning exotic
text: sports car of the day are parked. Ferrari, Maserati, Aston
text: Martin, Alfa Romeo. Gaby is irresistibly drawn to them,
text: examining them each, one-by-one.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (0.S.)
dialog: Take your pick.
text: He walks over to her.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Funny.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I’m serious. Come and work for me,
dialog: and you can choose any one of these
dialog: you like.
text: He turns.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, I hope you’re hungry...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILL ABOVE VILLA - DAY
text: Kuryakin and Solo are watching through binoculars.
text: The villa below stands on its own, surrounded by woodlands.
text: Kuryakin has set up his surveillance equipment in the back of
text: a van, and is pointing an antenna down towards the villa.
dialog: 67.
text: The scanning device is on, a single dot is pulsing on the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Looks okay.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I told you.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Since you have everything so nicely
dialog: in control, you can handle the
dialog: surveillance. I’m going to pay the
dialog: sister a visit, see what I can find
text: out from her.
text: Solo pulls his moped out of the back of the van, and leaves.
text: Kuryakin adjusts his equipment, puts on a pair of headphones,
text: and adjusts some more.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: (through the headphones)
scene_heading: H##@o Un*** R##i.
text: It’s too garbled to hear properly. Kuryakin slings the
text: receiver over his shoulder, grabs the antenna, and starts
text: down the hill to try to pick up a better signal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - VERANDA - DAY
text: Uncle Rudi is sitting at the lunch table. Alexander gallantly
text: pulls a chair out for Gaby.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Did he offer you a car?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: And there I was feeling all
dialog: special.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Oh, he doesn’t do it to everyone,
dialog: but I had a feeling he’d make an
dialog: extra effort for you. Good
dialog: afternoon my child. I can’t stay
dialog: long, just here to say hello, and
dialog: get you started.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Wine?
dialog: 68.
text: Alexander pours wine for everyone, then raises his glass in a
dialog: toast.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: To conversation.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELENA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: She's on the phone dressed in a gi, she’s looking all pouty
text: and rude, clearly in business mode.
speaker_heading: ELENA (ON PHONE)
dialog: If you can’t buy them out, burn
dialog: them out.
text: She looks up at Solo, who has just been brought in by an
scene_heading: ASSISTANT.
text: Solo gestures - should he wait outside? She shakes her head
text: and points to a chair.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay where you are.
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Not you Toni.
text: She looks at Solo provocatively, never taking her eyes off
text: him, while she carries on with the threats on the phone.
speaker_heading: ELENA (ON PHONE) (CONT’D)
dialog: I get what I want Toni, it’s up to
dialog: them which way it happens. Painless
dialog: or painful, it’s happening... Make
dialog: that eloquent. I want that dock, I
dialog: am going to have that dock. Now
dialog: either you're going to get it done,
dialog: or I am, and if it’s going to be
dialog: me, there really isn’t much need
dialog: for you is there?
text: She gently puts the phone down.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Bad time?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Just another day at the office. I
dialog: didn’t think you’d have the bits to
dialog: turn up.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Do I need bits?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Bits are a prerequisite. The
text: changing room is through there.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I was hoping to keep my clothes on
dialog: and just be a tourist.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I think we both know you’re more
text: inquisitive than that.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I'm a beginner.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Don’t worry, I’ll go easy on you.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS GYM - DAY
text: Solo is now dressed in a gi. He enters a small private room
text: with mats covering the floor.
text: Elena is waiting.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: So, this is a family tradition?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: My father started it.
text: She points to an old black-and-white photograph on the wall
text: of a powerful looking Achilles Skorpios, standing proudly on
text: the deck of his fishing boat.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: He, as you might have gathered, was
dialog: obsessed with the Spartan way. You
dialog: can trace our family tree back two
dialog: thousand years. He took it very
dialog: seriously. My dad didn’t do weak,
dialog: and wouldn’t let us do it either.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: So I gather.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Ready?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You promised to go easy on me.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Indeed, I promised. Dimitri!
text: An ogre of a man enters. He is wearing a gi.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: Max, this is Dimitri.
text: Solo puts two-and-two together.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I think there’s been a
dialog: misunderstanding.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I thought you wanted a lesson?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I thought it was with you.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You said you were a beginner. I
dialog: only teach the advanced class.
text: Elena turns to leave.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’d love to stay and watch but I’m
dialog: rather busy today.
text: She exits, leaving Solo to face the ogre.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - WOODS - DAY
text: Kuryakin is almost at the fence of the estate. He ducks
text: behind a tree, avoiding being seen by a second GUARD walking
text: across the lawn with another Rottweiler.
text: He tries the headphones again, adjusts the antenna.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (through headphones)
dialog: Does that mean....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - VERANDA - DAY
text: Alexander pours more wine.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: «+. you will accept my offer?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I will accept your offer, but it
dialog: must include certain requisites.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I want to see my father, and I want
dialog: to be a part of what he is doing.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: I told you, she’s one of us.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What reason do you have for
dialog: thinking that I know anything about
dialog: your father? Other than what Rudi
dialog: has told me.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: The same reason that I know who
dialog: broke into your laboratories last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This wine agrees with you. Are you
dialog: going to tell me something
dialog: interesting?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: My “fiancee” is a KGB agent, and he
dialog: thinks you’re up to no good, Mr.
dialog: Alexander Skorpios, and so do a lot
dialog: of other people.
text: She takes out the device Solo gave her, and places it on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT'D)
text: He’s tracking me as we drink.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - WOODS - DAY
text: Ilya listens in horror.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - VERANDA - DAY
speaker_heading: GABY
text: He’s been teamed with a CIA agent.
dialog: You know him as Max Holstein, of
dialog: Texas Oil. You should be flattered
dialog: gentlemen, you have managed to do
dialog: what nobody else could, ally the
dialog: superpowers.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Why are you telling me this?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Please, you know who my father is,
dialog: and Uncle Rudi’s been grooming me
dialog: since I was a child. We share the
dialog: same beliefs Mr. Skorpios. I just
dialog: think your views may be a little
dialog: more liberal than mine.
text: Alexander looks at Rudi. Rudi nods, stands, and walks out the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Before we go any further, you need
dialog: to understand something. Rudi has
dialog: gone to fetch his photo album. It’s
dialog: very important that you look very
dialog: carefully at the pictures in this
dialog: book. As they say, “a picture is a
dialog: thousand words.”
text: Rudi returns with the book and presents it to Alexander.
text: Alexander opens it, and shows it to Gaby. He studies her,
text: looking for a reaction.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Your “Uncle” Rudi is a man of
text: considerable hidden talents.
text: Rudi shrugs modestly.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: .+-which he has gone to great
dialog: trouble to document.
dialog: 73.
text: Gaby cannot hide her horror as she stares at her godfather.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Our friends, we treat like family,
dialog: but our enemies... Am I making
dialog: myself clear?
text: There is a pause, then Gaby looks up and deep into his eyes.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: As a river of gin. Just give me an
dialog: opportunity to demonstrate my
dialog: loyalty to the cause.
text: Alexander and Rudi share a look.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (to Rudi)
dialog: Isn't the CIA agent having lunch
dialog: with my sister right now?
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: He is.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Then don’t you have a call to make?
text: Rudi leaves, Alexander turns to Gaby.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: It seems your father is having some
dialog: doubts...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS GYM - DAY
text: Dimitri has Solo in a choke hold. His face is turning red. He
text: twists and pushes, and just manages to get out of it.
text: Dimitri whacks Solo on the side of the head. He goes down
dialog: hard.
text: The ogre lumbers over to him and grabs him by the scruff of
dialog: the neck.
text: That’s when Solo strikes. Kick to the balls. One, two punch,
text: and Dimitri collapses.
text: Solo heads out the door and straight for...
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. ELENA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: She’s on the phone. Solo stands before her.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Really? How interesting. I
dialog: shouldn't have any trouble handling
dialog: that.
text: She hangs up and smiles at Solo.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I think I may be ready for the
dialog: advanced class after all.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: There’s more to you than meets the
dialog: eye, Max.
text: She pours some water from a carafe into a glass for Solo. He
dialog: drains it in one.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Shall we get on with it?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - WOODS - DAY
text: Kuryakin hauls his gear through the trees, heading up the
text: hill, towards the van.
text: Then he hears it, the unmistakable sound of large animals
text: running through the undergrowth.
text: He looks back to see two Rottweilers bounding towards him. He
text: starts to run.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA —- COURTYARD - DAY
text: Alexander ushers Gaby into a waiting helicopter which takes
dialog: flight.
text: Rudi, in the meantime, gets into his Mercedes, which roars
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - WOODS - DAY
text: Kuryakin runs. Here come the dogs. Kuryakin stops. He knows
text: he can’t outrun the them. As they leap at him, he swings the
text: heavy receiver, and catches one of the dogs on the side of
text: the head, stunning it.
text: The other goes for his throat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS GYM - DAY
text: Solo and Elena circle each other. Solo’s starting to look a
text: bit wobbly.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I must commend you on your choice
dialog: of drug. I thought I detected a
dialog: trace of alfonsiamonoitrate in my
dialog: water. I can only imagine that
dialog: within the next few minutes I'll be
dialog: no good to anyone.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I did warn you that advanced is a
dialog: whole new level.
text: Solo stumbles.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: But I will go easy on you.
text: She slowly reaches out and pushes him gently on the nose.
text: Solo collapses.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - WOODS - DAY
text: Kuryakin is still wrestling with the dog. He hears the shouts
text: of men approaching.
text: He looks over to see a GUARD aiming a rifle at him. Kuryakin
text: Manages to roll over so that the dog takes the bullet.
text: It let’s go of him with a yelp. Kuryakin manages to scramble
text: the rest of the way up the hill.
text: He jumps into the van and screeches away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS GYM BASEMENT - TORTURE ROOM - DAY
text: Solo wakes up to find himself in what looks like a surgery.
text: Elena is gone. He is strapped to a gurney and Uncle Rudi is
text: standing over him. There’s a glass window in one wall,
text: through which Solo can see two MEN standing guard.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Once upon a time there was a little
dialog: boy. You wouldn’t describe him as a
dialog: particularly special little boy, he
dialog: was neither tall or handsome,
text: charismatic or amusing. In fact, he
text: appeared to be exceedingly dull.
dialog: Because of this boy’s apparent
dialog: shortcomings, he was bullied
text: mercilessly and relentlessly by the
dialog: other children. Year merged with
dialog: miserable year, as life continued
dialog: to be a living hell. But what the
dialog: other boys didn’t understand about
dialog: their victim, is that he didn’t see
dialog: them as enemies. He saw them as
dialog: instruments of learning. A
dialog: priceless lesson was gleaned from
text: his tormentors. Man has only two
dialog: masters in this world. And their
dialog: names, Mr. Solo, are pain and fear.
text: As the boy grew older, he found he
dialog: had an extraordinary talent for
dialog: eliciting these gods in others. So,
dialog: on the principle of playing to your
dialog: strengths, he decided to make their
dialog: cultivation his life’s work.
dialog: Fortunately for this boy, history
dialog: presented an unprecedented
dialog: opportunity, a world war. You may
dialog: have heard of the Dark Angel of
dialog: Ravensberg, the Butcher of Belsen,
dialog: or my favorite, the Fifth Horseman,
dialog: Doctor Apocalypse. What history has
dialog: failed to relate is that this was
dialog: not three individuals, but the
text: tireless work of a single artist.
dialog: Rest assured that you are in
dialog: experienced hands, and trust me,
dialog: when I say, Mr. Solo, you will tell
dialog: me the truth. But we can take our
dialog: time, there is no hurry...
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: That’s quite a story. And I
dialog: appreciate the trouble you’ve gone
dialog: to on my account, but I fear your
dialog: talents may be wasted, as I’m
dialog: perfectly happy to tell you
dialog: whatever you want to know.
dialog: My name is Fredrick Johnson, I ama
dialog: freelance industrial spy, I steal
dialog: technology from corporations and
dialog: sell it to the highest bidder.
text: The German smiles, and nods to an ASSISTANT who is hovering
text: in the background.
text: All of a sudden, Solo is jolted into a spasm of extraordinary
text: proportions. After five seconds it stops and smoke starts to
text: rise from his hair.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: While you were resting, I took the
dialog: liberty of inserting some
text: electrodes into the nerve center at
dialog: the base of your spine, hurts
dialog: doesn’t it? Shall we start again?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRITON HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Down the street from the entrance to the offices, is a
text: separate street entrance to the Spartan Boxing Academy.
text: Kuryakin pulls over and parks the van.
text: He opens his briefcase, takes out several clips of extra
text: ammunition, which he loads into his pockets. He gets out of
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS GYM - LOBBY - DAY
text: Kuryakin walks in. There’s a THUG manning the reception desk.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I'd like to join your gym.
text: The receptionist eyes him sullenly, says something
text: unintelligible in Greek.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: No Ingleesh.
dialog: 78.
text: We see Kuryakin’s hand go behind his back, in what we know as
text: the signature position for the “KGB Kiss.”
text: Close on: Kuryakin’s hands. We see one fly out, and hear the
text: sound of the slap.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS GYM BASEMENT - TORTURE ROOM - DAY
text: The torture continues. Another jolt. More smoking hair.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Mr. Solo, I don’t think you took me
dialog: very seriously.
text: In the background, through the window, we see Kuryakin shoot
text: and generally dispose of the two GUARDS. The glass is sound
dialog: proof.
text: Solo can see Kuryakin in the background and watches the
text: Guards drop, he tries not to give away his relief.
text: Rudi turns as his Assistant wheels over a table full of
text: instruments of torture, but is too distracted to notice that
text: the Guards are no longer standing outside the window.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI (CONT'D)
dialog: It does continue to amaze me, that
dialog: people think I can’t spot a lie...
text: He flicks the switch himself. Solo is jolted again.
text: Kuryakin, who is crouched down, opens the door and slips in.
text: The Assistant turns, and is shot dead, the sound of his
text: falling body is masked by the sound of the electricity.
text: Rudi turns the power off.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI (CONT’D)
dialog: Pass me the pliers, the show is
text: about to begin.
text: Rudi’s hand goes out and receives nothing. He then turns to
dialog: see Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I think we'd better get my
dialog: colleague out of the chair don’t
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS GYM BASEMENT - TORTURE ROOM - DAY
text: Uncle Rudi is now in the chair. Needless to say, he has
text: turned quite pale. Solo’s hand hovers over the electrical
dialog: switch.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Where’s the warhead?
text: Rudi hesitates.
text: Solo turns up the pain.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Ahh... Skorpios!
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Skorpios?
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: The family’s private island.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: And Gaby?
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
text: She's there too.
text: Kuryakin looks at Solo.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: (to Uncle Rudi)
dialog: Tell him...
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: What???
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: How you know about us...
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Gaby.
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: She’s one of us now.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Just in case you had any doubts.
text: Annoyed, Solo jacks up the power. Rudi squeals.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: And when are the Egyptians taking
dialog: delivery of the bomb?
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: You're too late.
text: Solo’s hand hovers over the switch.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI (CONT'D)
dialog: Tomorrow. No more, please!
text: Solo stares at him and steps away from the switch.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Now tell me about your
dialog: organization.
text: Rudi looks relieved.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: At the end of the war, some of our
dialog: leadership managed to escape to
dialog: South America. We’ve been steadily
dialog: rebuilding since then. We have more
dialog: power, money, and influence than
dialog: you can imagine. It doesn’t matter
dialog: what happens to me or even the
text: bomb. This is only the beginning.
dialog: You can’t stop them, but you can
dialog: take care of yourselves. You’re
dialog: practical men, you can kill me, but
dialog: you know it won’t make any
dialog: difference. Let’s make a deal. I
dialog: can have Swiss bank accounts set up
dialog: today. Name your price.
text: Solo’s eyebrows raise as he looks at Kuryakin.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I have to admit that does sound
text: like an attractive idea.
dialog: What do you think? Five million
dialog: each?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I think Ten.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RUDI
dialog: Ten million each. Done!
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I dunno... on second thought. I
dialog: think I’d rather just cook you.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS GYM BASEMENT - TORTURE ROOM - ANTEROOM - DAY
text: Through the window, we can see a faintly out of focus Rudi
text: jolting around, but we can’t hear a sound.
text: There’s a sound of running feet above them.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Sore.
text: Kuryakin hands Solo one of his high-tech guns.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS GYM - DAY
text: Solo and Kuryakin reach the narrow corridor at the top of the
text: stairs, and are immediately attacked on both sides by the
text: Students we saw earlier, who are armed with nunchuks, swords,
dialog: and various martial arts weapons.
text: They shoot a couple of them, but the sheer numbers mean the
text: fighting soon becomes hand-to-hand.
text: A spectacular martial arts battle ensues as Solo and Kuryakin
text: fight eight men at the same time. Kuryakin once again
text: demonstrates his extraordinary martial arts skills. Solo can
dialog: take care of himself, but now and then needs some help from
dialog: Kuryakin.
text: As they make their way towards the entrance, Kuryakin
text: suddenly points at one of their would-be attackers, who are
text: now approaching with a lot more caution.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: You!
text: The MAN turns tail and runs. Kuryakin goes after him.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: What are you doing?... The entrance
dialog: is this way.
text: Kuryakin grabs the Man, but three more attack him.
text: Solo is forced to go to his aid. They’re fighting the four
text: attackers, but all Kuryakin appears to be interested in is
text: the left wrist of the Man he ran after.
text: Finally, he manages to pull his shirtsleeve up.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Dammit!
text: He goes bonkers, taking out his frustration on the attackers.
text: Solo shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Your father’s watch again? This has
dialog: to stop.
text: Kuryakin storms out of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - FORTRESS - DAY
text: Alexander's helicopter flies over Skorpios Island which is a
text: C-shaped rock sticking out of the ocean.
text: In the center of the C is a deepwater harbor, where a tanker
text: is laid up for repairs.
text: Built into the rock, defending the harbor, is the ancient
dialog: fortress.
text: On the other side of the harbor, there is a village with a
text: thick cluster of fishing boats.
text: There is a half mile long causeway, which joins the island to
dialog: the mainland.
scene_heading: EXT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CASTLE - DAY
text: Alexander’s helicopter descends into the castle courtyard. On
text: three sides, there are massive stone walls, and the fourth
text: side is the rock itself.
text: In the middle of the fourth side, there is the bunker-like
text: entrance to the old German gun emplacement, which has clearly
dialog: been modernized and put to a different use.
text: The helicopter lands. Alexander and Gaby climb out.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Please follow me.
text: She does. They are lead through the heavily guarded castle to
text: a large terrace, overlooking the sea.
text: Seated on a chair, staring out into the distance, is the
dialog: Professor.
text: Alexander grabs Gaby’s arm.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Eighteen years. This is quite a
dialog: moment.
text: Gaby nods.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember, you have very little
dialog: time.
text: Gaby looks Alexander in the eyes.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Leave him to me.
scene_heading: EXT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CASTLE TERRACE - DAY
text: Gaby walks out onto the terrace. Her father turns at the
text: sound of her footsteps. He looks pale and gaunt.
text: He rises to meet her.
speaker_heading: UDO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Gaby?
speaker_heading: GABY (SUBTITLE)
dialog: Father.
text: He studies her face, not entirely sure. He then takes her
text: hand. But instead of clasping it, he turns it over looking
text: for something - a small scar on her wrist.
speaker_heading: UDO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: Oh God. It really is you.
text: He puts his head in his hands.
speaker_heading: UDO (SUBTITLE) (CONT’D)
dialog: Forgive me. As you get older you
dialog: start to doubt some of your
dialog: beliefs, and I think I’ve made a
dialog: terrible mistake.
speaker_heading: GABY (SUBTITLE)
dialog: Look at me father. Take a deep
dialog: breath. I need you to be strong.
text: But he’s off in his own world of self-recrimination.
speaker_heading: UDO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: I was so sure I was doing the right
dialog: thing.
dialog: 84.
text: Whack! Gaby slaps him across the face.
speaker_heading: GABY (SUBTITLE)
dialog: I need you to stop feeling sorry
dialog: for yourself and listen carefully
dialog: to me.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE PLANE - DAY
text: Solo stirs uncomfortably in his seat. He’s half sitting on a
text: cushion, a failed attempt to ease some of the effect of his
text: torture. Kuryakin sits opposite, smirking at Solo’s
dialog: predicament.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: You okay, Cowboy?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: No, but I‘’1l manage.
text: Kuryakin chuckles. Solo looks annoyed. Long silence.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: I didn’t have her down as a Nazi, I
dialog: missed that one.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I knew she was a Nazi.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Of course you did.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I bugged her, didn’t I?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Do me a favor.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: You let her get into you, didn’t
dialog: you, Cowboy? That’s never a good
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You know what, Kalinka, you’re
dialog: really rather sweet in a perverse,
dialog: dangerous, and naive sort of way.
dialog: She didn't “get into me,” the job
dialog: did. I sometimes find myself
text: chuckling at the absurdity of it
dialog: all.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Ah, Solo the philosopher.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You should try thinking sometime,
dialog: Kalinka, a wild idea for you I
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: What’s there to think about? I kill
dialog: bad people, that’s my job. I like
dialog: my job.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: It must be so comforting not to
dialog: understand the concept of irony.
dialog: Last week you were trying to take
dialog: my life, and this week you’re doing
dialog: quite a good job of saving it.
dialog: Can’t wait to see what happens next
dialog: week, if it turns out that I have
dialog: something that you want. You don’t
dialog: know if you’re coming or going.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I know enough to be satisfied that
dialog: I'm doing the right thing.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Is that so? Do you really think the
dialog: men who give us orders care about
dialog: making the world a safer place? Or
dialog: do they just want to be the only
dialog: kids in the playground with a gun?
dialog: Hmm, I wonder.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: It must be terribly sad not to
dialog: believe in anything anymore.
text: At that moment, the door to the cabin opens and in walks the
text: STEWARD, carrying a silver tray with three glasses on it.
text: As he approaches, we recognize Mr. Waverly from the hotel and
text: the racetrack.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Vodka for Mr. Solo? Bourbon for Mr.
dialog: Kuryakin. And...
text: He sits down next to Solo.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY (CONT’D)
dialog: Sherry for me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Since you two are at the
dialog: disadvantage here, allow me to
dialog: introduce myself, retired Admiral
dialog: Percival Waverly. Currently, Deputy
dialog: Head of British Naval Intelligence.
dialog: Your employers send their regards.
dialog: Given the latest developments, we
dialog: are all in agreement that we need
dialog: to stop competing, and help one
dialog: another on this one. You will
dialog: report to me for the remainder of
dialog: the mission. You can confirm this
dialog: with your bosses when we land. Down
dialog: she goes.
text: He takes a large swig of his sherry.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: What exactly are the latest
dialog: developments?
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: We have it on good authority that
dialog: the Egyptians are expecting
dialog: delivery of the warhead within the
dialog: next twelve hours. There are rumors
dialog: that they’re sending a submarine.
dialog: And... there’s the small matter of
dialog: retrieving our agent.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Your agent?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Here we go. I’m starting to smell
dialog: the irony. She’s working for you,
dialog: isn’t she?
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Gaby is a British agent, has been
dialog: for years. There are some things
dialog: too sensitive to share, even with
dialog: one’s allies.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: In other words you wanted the
dialog: credit for bagging the Professor
dialog: for yourself.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Once you Americans lost her father,
dialog: it was only a matter of time before
dialog: his old Nazi chums would turn up.
dialog: We were expecting Nazis, but we
dialog: weren't expecting you two. You
dialog: nearly cocked up fifteen years of
dialog: our work, but we have to make do,
dialog: don’t we?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
text: She’s a Nazi. Solo’s buttocks can
dialog: prove it, and I heard her betray
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I’m surprised you’re surprised. You
dialog: were so sure you were right.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: We knew that Alexander Skorpios
dialog: already had his doubts about you,
dialog: Mr. Kuryakin, and your botched
text: break-in to his headquarters only
dialog: fuelled his suspicions.
text: He looks at Solo.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY (CONT’D)
dialog: Honestly, kicking in a door? Where
dialog: did you learn your skills?
text: Solo doesn’t bother to protest.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY (CONT’D)
dialog: My agent was forced to denounce
dialog: you, in order to maintain her own
dialog: credibility and stay in the game.
dialog: She knew that you’d planted a bug
dialog: on her and would be listening to
dialog: every word she said.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Except that she didn’t know about
dialog: the bug. Only the transmitter,
dialog: which she destroyed.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Where did they send you to school
dialog: my dear boy?
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Go easy on him, he’s only just
dialog: learning that the game he thinks
dialog: he’s playing, isn’t the game he’s
dialog: really playing.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Do you honestly think you could
text: plant a bug on an agent, who has
dialog: been in the field for more than a
dialog: week, without them knowing?
text: There’s a ding and the “fasten seat belt” light comes on.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY (CONT’D)
dialog: Now fasten up, we’re going in.
text: Solo and Kuryakin look out of the window. Nothing but ocean
text: below them, until the plane banks and a British aircraft
text: carrier comes into view.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CASTLE - DAY
text: Alexander stands at a window, looking down at Gaby and her
text: father on the terrace below.
text: Elena enters.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Sister.
text: They hug.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: We're almost there.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Our father would be proud.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: They’11 send an army to stop us.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: We'll give them a Spartan welcome.
scene_heading: EXT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - TERRACE - DAY
text: Gaby and her father walk along the terrace. From his
text: expression, it’s clear that she’s told him why she’s really
dialog: there.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: How do I know that this isn’t some
dialog: kind of trick?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: We'll have to trust one another
dialog: won't we. Father... you must agree
text: to complete the bomb assembly.
dialog: That's the best opportunity we have
dialog: to disable it once and for all.
dialog: Udo thinks.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: If I can substitute the neutron
dialog: reflector lens... But they’1ll be
text: watching every step of the process.
dialog: My assistant Nikos, he’1l know.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Leave him to me.
text: Father and daughter stare at each other.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: Thank you. I know you despise me
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Hug me, Father.
text: He looks surprised, until her eyes flick towards Alexander
text: and Elena, who are walking out to greet them. Father and
text: daughter hug awkwardly.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT'D)
dialog: My father hasn’t been feeling well.
dialog: That, and the stress of the work
dialog: led to a certain amount of self-
text: doubt. However, he is now ready to
dialog: resume his work.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Udo?
text: The Professor nods.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: I’m ready.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (to Gaby)
dialog: I'm impressed.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: I want my daughter with me.
text: Alexander glances at Elena, who nods.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Good. I need you to finish tonight.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: (to Gaby)
dialog: Come, I’1l show you my laboratory.
text: Alexander and Elena watch them walk away.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER - DECK - DAY
text: The plane lands. Waverly exits, followed by Solo and
text: Kuryakin. They are greeted by the CAPTAIN, who is
text: surprisingly short in stature.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Good day gentlemen. I hope you
dialog: understand that this is my vessel
dialog: and we won’t have any issues over
dialog: who is in command?
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Not at all Captain, understood.
dialog: Now, I need to get these men to a
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Very well, follow me.
text: Waverly turns to the two agents and says under his breath.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: The Captain has a bit of a power
dialog: issue, I’m sure you can understand
dialog: why. It’s best you leave him to me.
text: They are escorted inside.
scene_heading: INT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER - RADIO ROOM - DAY
text: INTERCUT BETWEEN: Solo and Kuryakin are pacing as they listen
text: to their bosses on separate telephones at opposite sides of
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: SANDERS (V.O.)
dialog: The Brits have the biggest naval
text: presence in the area.
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: OLEG (V.O.)
dialog: You'll need their firepower.
speaker_heading: SANDERS (V.O.)
dialog: But you will be leading the
dialog: assault.
speaker_heading: OLEG (V.O.)
dialog: Once you’ve stopped the bomb.
speaker_heading: SANDERS (V.O.)
dialog: You must retrieve the disk...
speaker_heading: OLEG (V.O.)
dialog: Whatever it takes, the disk is
dialog: fundamental.
speaker_heading: SANDERS (V.O.)
dialog: Get rid of the Russian if
dialog: necessary.
speaker_heading: OLEG (V.O.)
dialog: The American will be looking for
dialog: it, if he gets in your way, do what
dialog: you must.
text: Solo and Kuryakin stare at each other across the room.
scene_heading: INT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER - BRIEFING ROOM - DAY
text: The Captain leads Waverly, Solo, and Kuryakin inside.
text: There's a big map on the wall of Skorpios Island and the
text: surrounding coastline.
text: Seated, facing it, are a dozen Special Boat Service (SBS)
text: TROOPS. These are the British equivalent of Navy Seals. They
text: all stand to attention.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: This is Major Jockelson and his
dialog: team. They're my finest men. They
dialog: will be supporting your efforts.
text: A tough looking young man, MAJOR JOCKELSON, with a scar down
text: his left cheek, steps forward to shake their hands.
text: Waverly moves in front of the map.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Please sit down....Skorpios Island
dialog: has been a fortress of some kind
dialog: since the time of the ancient
dialog: Greeks. The Knights Templar built a
dialog: castle there in the Middle Ages,
dialog: and the Germans built a massive
text: fortified gun emplacement there
dialog: during the war. Several attempts to
dialog: capture it were unsuccessful.
dialog: Later, Alexander's father purchased
dialog: it and it has been refurbished
dialog: extensively since then. We've
dialog: managed to “borrow” the plans from
dialog: the architect in Athens... After
dialog: careful study, our conclusion is
dialog: that our best approach is a stealth
text: operation. A surprise attack by a
dialog: small team of our best men. That is
dialog: you gentlemen.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CASTLE COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT
text: Alexander stands with his HEAD OF SECURITY. They are watching
text: a bank of primitive CCTVs, which show different sections of
text: the island: the harbor, the road up to the castle, the gate.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I’m expecting trouble tonight.
dialog: Prepare your men.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - UNDERGROUND LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: A glass fronted room, full of scientific equipment and
text: machinery, including three or four warheads on a rack, which
text: are off to one side.
text: In the center, resting on a metal trolley, is the nuclear
text: bomb casing.
text: Udo stands over it, wearing a white lab coat. He is
dialog: assembling the internal components. It’s a delicate process
text: involving patience and precision. There are several white-
text: coated TECHNICIANS servicing him.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: Nikos? Micro-wrench.
text: His chief assistant, NIKOS, is a slimy young man with a
text: ferret-like appearance. He hands Udo a precision tool, which
text: Udo uses to secure a connection inside the bomb.
dialog: 93.
text: Gaby stands just a little too close to Nikos, watching her
dialog: father work.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: (to Nikos)
dialog: Which part did you work on?
text: Nikos is flustered. He’s not used to beautiful women paying
text: attention to him.
speaker_heading: NIKOS
dialog: Uh...well...uh.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: Nikos has been part of the whole
dialog: process. He’s quite brilliant.
scene_heading: EXT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - HARBOR - NIGHT
text: Two GUARDS patrol the dock. They reach the end, and look out
text: at the dark water. Suddenly, a hole appears in each of their
text: foreheads.
text: One tumbles off the dock, where he is caught by two SBS
text: Frogmen waiting below. The other crumples onto the dock.
text: More Frogmen emerge from the dark water and secure the dock.
text: Then a pair of low profile rafts are floated in, carrying men
dialog: and weapons.
text: Among them are Solo and Kuryakin.
text: The SBS team are crack troops, and they move with well-oiled
text: precision. Snipers, a Radio-man, and a RPG team.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CASTLE COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT
text: Alexander watches all this activity on the CCTV. He nods
text: gravely to his chief of security.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You know what to do.
text: Alexander gets up and leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - UNDERGROUND LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: Udo is still working on the bomb. Gaby points to a metal box,
text: attached to the side of the bomb with a red light and green
text: light on it.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: What does that do?
speaker_heading: NIKOS
dialog: That is known as the coupler. It
text: sends a signal which enables a
dialog: second missile to lock onto this
dialog: one for double the impact. Your
dialog: father invented it.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: Nikos? Neutron focus lens.
text: Nikos takes the lens out of a wooden box and hands it to the
dialog: Professor.
text: This is Gaby’s cue. She “accidently” brushes against a glass
text: beaker full of a dark brown liquid, which smashes on the
dialog: floor.
text: Everyone turns to look at her, at which point the Professor
text: slips the lens into one pocket and pulls a substitute lens
dialog: out of another.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I’m sorry! I’m so clumsy. I hope that
dialog: wasn’t important.
speaker_heading: NIKOS
dialog: Very important...
text: He holds up a glass containing more of the brown liquid.
speaker_heading: NIKOS (CONT'D)
dialog: Coca-cola.
text: He takes a swig. Everyone laughs.
text: Father and daughter glance at each other as Udo installs the
dialog: substitute lens.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: Nikos, pay attention! Reflector wrap.
speaker_heading: NIKOS
dialog: Yes boss.
text: In walks Alexander. He walks up next to Gaby.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How much longer Udo?
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: Almost done.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Excellent.
text: He slaps Gaby across the face, knocking her to the ground.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to guards)
dialog: Take her to one of the cells. If
dialog: you don’t hear from me in ten
dialog: minutes, shoot her.
dialog: (to Udo)
dialog: Now, you have nine minutes to
dialog: install the correct lens and finish
dialog: the assembly.
scene_heading: EXT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CASTLE - NIGHT
text: The assault team progresses up the hill, silently taking out any
text: sentries with deadly precision.
text: They are outside the main gate, where two SENTRIES stand,
text: smoking and chatting.
text: Jockelson signals for his men. Two silenced shots, and they are
text: down. The team is through the gates.
scene_heading: EXT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CASTLE COURTYARD - NIGHT
dialog: And that is when all hell breaks lose. They’ve walked straight
text: into an ambush. Shots rain down on them from all sides.
text: There is no cover. They are sitting ducks.
text: Jockelson signals a retreat, but there are snipers outside the
dialog: gate as well.
text: There is one open doorway across the courtyard. They have no
dialog: choice but to make a run for it.
text: The team zig-zigs across the open space, using parked vehicles
text: and the central well as partial cover.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CASTLE - GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: Only half the team makes it inside, the others are wounded.
text: They manage to bar the door and also the interior door, before
text: more of the SPARTAN GUARDS arrive.
text: The men hunker down, out of sight of the windows. There’s no way
dialog: out.
dialog: 96.
text: A thumping is heard as the Spartan Guards start to pound the
text: doors. It won’t be long before they break through.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (to Jockelson)
dialog: You'd better radio for support.
speaker_heading: JOCKELSON
dialog: We lost the radio...
text: A pause while the gravity of the situation sinks in.
speaker_heading: JOCKELSON (CONT’D)
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Listen up. We’re going to form a
dialog: defensive position.
text: He directs his men to turn the banquet tables on their sides,
text: each facing one of the doors.
text: Solo and Kuryakin look at each other.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Cowboy?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Yes, Kalinka.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Alexander's mine.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Fine. I want the sister. But
dialog: first...
text: He looks around.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: We need to figure out a way out of
dialog: here. Any hall of this period
dialog: should have a stone floor, but this
dialog: one is wood.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: It doesn’t make sense, unless there’s
dialog: something underneath, in which case a
dialog: stone floor would be too heavy.
text: The doors are cracking.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: We just need to get through it
dialog: rather quickly....
text: He looks around, but Kuryakin is already striding across the
text: room, towards the Soldier carrying the RPG.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: As gunfire sounds above, Udo quickly closes the bomb casing.
text: Alexander looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Only seven minutes. Very good.
text: Alexander gestures to his guards. They wheel the bomb trolley
text: out of the lab.
speaker_heading: UDO
dialog: What about Gaby?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You don’t need to worry about her,
dialog: she'll be joining you shortly.
text: He shoots the Professor between the eyes.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Nikos)
text: The disk with the Professor's
dialog: research, where is it?
text: Nikos opens a small safe and takes out the disk.
text: Alexander grabs it and tucks it in his jacket.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: The Spartan Guards are almost through the inner door.
text: Kuryakin has the RPG, and is aiming at the floorboards across
dialog: the room.
text: Kuryakin pulls the trigger, and the rocket ploughs into the
text: floor exploding on impact.
text: Kuryakin is knocked off his feet and the room is filled with
text: smoke, but as it clears, we see that a large section of the
text: floor has been blown away, revealing a room below.
text: Solo picks Kuryakin up, and they start down the hole, followed
dialog: by Jockelson and his team.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CELL - NIGHT
text: Gaby is seated on a stone bench. Outside the cell, one of the
text: Guards looks at his watch. Nods to the other, who starts to
text: unlock the door.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CELL - NIGHT
text: One of the men raises his gun to shoot her.
text: Gaby closes her eyes. Ready to die.
text: Two shots. Gaby opens her eyes to find Solo standing over
text: her. The two Guards lie at his feet.
text: Kuryakin and the others are behind in a fire-fight with other
dialog: Guards.
text: Solo helps her up. She’s shaking.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I...
text: She throws her arms around him and holds on for dear life.
text: Solo is awkward, doesn’t know what to do, but gradually his
text: arms close around her.
text: Kuryakin interrupts the moment.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: The warhead.
text: Gaby pulls herself together. Kuryakin continues down the
text: corridor. Gaby follows.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (to Jockelson)
dialog: Find a radio and get us some help.
text: He’s about to follow the others, when he spots something
text: familiar about the Guard he just shot. He bends over him and
text: takes something off his left wrist.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Empty. The bank of monitors flicker. Kuryakin enters, scans
text: them, spots Alexander and Nikos passing various cars in a
dialog: garage.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - UNDERGROUND GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Gaby, Solo, and Kuryakin enter. There’s a tunnel entrance at one
text: end. Alexander’s car engine can be heard echoing back down the
dialog: tunnel.
text: There are several ATVs (lightweight SUV’s on steroids with huge
text: tires) parked in a row, and a line of dirt bikes as well.
text: Kuryakin slings his rifle over his shoulder and jumps on a
dialog: bike.
text: Solo heads for an ATV.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: (to Gaby)
dialog: You drive.
text: The ATV and the bike hurtle down the tunnel.
scene_heading: EXT. SKORPIOS ISLAND - ROAD - EARLY MORNING
text: It's just starting to get light out as the ATV and the bike fly
text: out of what appears to be a cave in side of the rock. They
text: splash through a foot of ocean water, and careen up onto the
text: causeway, which connects the island to the mainland.
text: Alexander’s car is ahead in the distance. He’s in a souped-up
dialog: Land Rover.
scene_heading: INT. ATV - EARLY MORNING
text: Solo and Gaby are travelling at tremendous speed, but Alexander
text: is quite far ahead.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Do you hate me?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Does it matter?
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: What do you think?
text: Solo smiles.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I think you can drive better than
dialog: this.
text: The road winds as it travels uphill.
dialog: 100.
text: Gaby accelerates, taking the turns at alarming speed, but she’s
text: not getting any closer.
text: Suddenly, she jams on the brakes. Reverses. There’s a dirt track
text: heading up a steep slope.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Hold on tight.
text: They bounce up the hill at tremendous speed, flying through the
text: air as they hit bumps. But once they crest the hill the track
text: joins the road again, and now they’re just behind Alexander.
text: Kuryakin has followed behind on his bike. Now, instead of taking
text: the road, he continues across country, heading uphill to a
text: vantage point where he can see the road below.
text: In the meantime, the road is heading into woodlands as Gaby and
text: Solo close in on Alexander.
text: Gaby bumps the back of the Land Rover. Alexander jams on his
text: brakes, trying to shake her off.
text: It’s bumper cars until Gaby sees an opening. She accelerates up
text: the bank and passes Alexander. She then swerves the ATV down in
text: front of the Land Rover, forcing it off the road and into a
dialog: ditch.
text: The ATV flips and lands upside down next to the Land Rover.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - EARLY MORNING
text: Kuryakin can barely see the cars through the trees. He raises
text: the rifle and looks through the sight.
text: Relief as he sees Solo crawl out of the ATV and pull Gaby out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLANDS - EARLY MORNING
text: Nikos lies nearby, also unconscious. Solo tries to help Gaby to
text: her feet, but she yelps in pain.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: I think my leg is broken.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I’m never getting in a car with you
dialog: again.
dialog: 101.
text: Whack! Alexander comes out of nowhere, knocking Solo off his
dialog: feet.
text: Solo fights Alexander, but the Spartan is bigger and better.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - EARLY MORNING
text: Kuryakin tries to take a shot, but between the trees and the
text: moving bodies, he’s just as likely to hit the wrong person.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLANDS - EARLY MORNING
text: Solo is being pummeled. Alexander punches him so hard that he’s
text: pretty much knocked senseless.
text: Finally, he gets behind Solo and lifts him by the neck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - EARLY MORNING
text: Kuryakin tracks the action through his sight. Finger on the
text: trigger. He gets glimpses of Alexander, but he’s blocked by
text: Solo’s body.
text: Alexander grips Solo’s head to twist it and break his neck.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Sorry, Cowboy.
text: He pulls the trigger.
text: We travel with the bullet as it flies through the air, whistling
text: past tree branches, penetrating Solo’s shoulder, travelling
text: through his body, and out the other side into Alexander's heart.
text: He drops. Solo collapses beside him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - EARLY MORNING
text: Kuryakin jumps on the bike and rides down through the trees.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLANDS - MORNING
text: Clutching his shoulder, Solo reaches inside Alexander's
text: jacket and snags the disk, which he pockets. He then leans
text: back against a tree.
text: Kuryakin arrives his bike. Hurries over to Solo.
text: Kuryakin grins, seeing that Solo is okay.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Sorry I had to shoot you, Cowboy.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Something you've been wanting to do
dialog: since we met.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Is he dead?
text: Kuryakin goes over to Alexander's body ostensibly to check
text: and surreptitiously rummages through his pockets.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I’ve got something for you.
text: He produces Kuryakin’s father’s watch.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: After all that, you shot the guy
dialog: who took it and didn’t even
dialog: recognize him.
text: Kuryakin’s eyes light up.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I love you, Cowboy!
text: He kisses Solo on both cheeks.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Ouch. Be gentle with me!
text: The sound of a helicopter approaching rapidly. A British
text: naval helicopter lands in a field just beyond the trees, and
text: Waverly steps out.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: A battered Solo, Kuryakin, and Gaby, whose leg in a splint,
text: watch as four MEN carefully carry the warhead over to the
text: helicopter, and place it in the hold.
dialog: 103.
text: One of the men comes over and says something to Waverly. He
text: then walks over to the warhead, where they talk some more.
text: The sound of the helicopter drowns out what they are saying.
text: Waverly comes over to our trio.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Well, it appears we have the wrong
text: warhead.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: But it’s identical to the one...
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: It is, only there’s no plutonium.
dialog: It’s a decoy. We’ve been had.
dialog: (to pilot)
dialog: Let's go.
text: Waverly gets into the front of the helicopter and starts
text: barking orders into the radio.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Waverly finishes on the radio.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: They’ve searched the castle from
text: top to bottom. Nothing. No sign of
dialog: the warhead or Elena Skorpios.
dialog: We've had the place locked up all
text: night. Radar, sonar, aerial
dialog: patrols, no ships have been in or
text: out of the harbor, including
dialog: submarines. But... some fishing
dialog: boats left the village this morning
text: just before dawn. The Harbor Master
text: is being brought to the carrier to
dialog: help us.
text: Solo stares at the decoy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER - BRIDGE - DAY
text: The HARBOR MASTER is standing in front of the group.
speaker_heading: HARBOR MASTER
dialog: One hundred and twenty seven
dialog: fishing boats left the village
text: before dawn as they do every day.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: HARBOR MASTER (CONT'D)
text: They are now spread over a two
dialog: hundred mile radius.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: We don’t know the name, let alone
dialog: the location of the boat that we’re
dialog: looking for. It will be impossible
dialog: for us to find and search more than
text: twenty boats in the next few hours.
dialog: I simply don’t have the manpower.
text: Solo looks up, he shuts his eyes in thought.
text: FLASHBACK TO: The photograph he saw in Alexander's office.
text: Achilles Skorpios with his kids standing in front his fishing
text: boat. But the name is obscured. Only the middle two letters
text: “ON” are visible.
text: Solo thinks harder.
text: FLASHBACK TO: A second, older picture (in gym) of Achilles
text: Skorpios as a young man standing in front of the boat. This
text: time only the last two letters “AS” are visible.
text: FLASHBACK TO: Elena’s face as she says:
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: My father was obsessed with the
dialog: “Spartan way.”
text: FLASHBACK TO: The Secretary giving Solo the guided tour as
dialog: she says:
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Legend has it that the 300 Spartans
dialog: used this fighting technique to
dialog: defeat two thousand Persians at the
dialog: battle of Thermopylae.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER - BRIDGE - DAY
text: Solo turns to the group.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: What was the name of the leader of
dialog: the 300 hundred Spartans?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What has that got to do with
dialog: anything?
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Please answer the question.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Leonidas.
text: FLASH TO: The pictures of the boat. Solo fills in the missing
dialog: letters, they fit perfectly.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Leonidas is the name of the boat
dialog: we're looking for.
text: The Captain looks skeptical.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I am afraid that’s not enough agent
dialog: Solo. Waverly, I need the radio,
dialog: every minute my man spends on this
dialog: theory is a minute wasted in co-
dialog: ordinating the broader search.
speaker_heading: WAVERLY
dialog: Give my man a minute, Captain.
text: The Captain huffs and puffs, and stands on his tip toes.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: One minute.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The Harbor Master is on the radio.
speaker_heading: HARBOR MASTER (SUBTITLE)
dialog: (in Greek)
dialog: Leonidas, come in Leonidas. This is
dialog: the Harbor Master.
dialog: No response, everybody exchanges looks of doubt, why does
dialog: Solo think that this is the boat they have been looking for?
text: Solo holds fast and looks at a RADIO TRACKING MAN who sits
text: near by.
speaker_heading: HARBOR MASTER (SUBTITLE) (CONT’D)
dialog: Leonidas, come in Leonidas. This is
dialog: the Harbor Master.
speaker_heading: OVER RADIO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: Harbor Master. This is Leonidas.
text: Solo takes the radio.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: SOLO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: This is Napoleon Solo. I have a
dialog: message for the owner of your boat,
dialog: Elena Skorpios.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LEONIDAS - DAY
text: We see a Greek FISHING CAPTAIN looking surprised.
speaker_heading: FISHING CAPTAIN (SUBTITLE)
dialog: Sorry, do not understand message.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER - BRIDGE - DAY
text: Silence, more doubt in the room. The Radio Tracking Man rolls
dialog: his finger, he needs more time to find a position. Solo
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: SOLO (SUBTITLE)
dialog: The message is: earlier today I
dialog: killed your brother.
text: Silence from the radio. The Captain looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Your minute is up agent. I am
dialog: taking control of my radio.
text: The Russian is standing behind the diminutive captain.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Are you sure, Cowboy?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Sure enough.
text: We see the Russian put his hands behind his back in
text: preparation for the “KGB Kiss.” Off screen we hear it’s
dialog: delivery.
text: Solo on the radio.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: I would like to report that he died
dialog: according to the Spartan tradition,
dialog: with honor and courage.
dialog: But alas, this was not the case.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT'D)
dialog: It was sadly really rather pitiful.
dialog: So, I'd just like to send you my
text: condolences.
text: Long silence. It looks like nothing is going to happen. Then
text: the radio crackles to life.
speaker_heading: ELENA (SUBTITLE)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Hello Napoleon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEONIDAS - BRIDGE - DAY
text: Elena speaks into the radio.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I appreciate the sentiment of your
dialog: message, and now I hope you will
dialog: appreciate the significance of
dialog: mine. I want you to listen
dialog: carefully, any blood relation that
dialog: you still have living will be dead
dialog: within the year, they will die as
text: slowly and as painfully as
dialog: possible. You already know from
dialog: personal experience this is our
dialog: area of expertise. You have no idea
dialog: of the size and sophistication of
dialog: our organization. There is nothing
dialog: you can do to protect or hide them.
dialog: You will be helpless to do anything
dialog: but witness their suffering as you
dialog: await your own death which we will
dialog: save for last. This I vow on the
dialog: death of my brother.
text: She looks out the window and we see a submarine in the
text: distance. The warhead is being lowered into a zodiac.
scene_heading: INT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER - BRIDGE AND INT. LEONIDAS - BRIDGE -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: INTERCUT BETWEEN SOLO AND ELENA.
text: The Radio Tracking Man gives Solo the thumbs up. Waverly nods
text: to a TECHNICIAN, who taps the coordinates into a computer.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I am most flattered you feel so
dialog: strongly about me, however, in
dialog: order for that to happen don’t you
dialog: first need to be able to inform
dialog: your organization?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: That will take a matter of minutes,
dialog: as will the delivery of the warhead
dialog: that you so desperately sought.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I see one flaw in your logic.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Entertain me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Solo watches through the window as the decoy warhead is
dialog: launched.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: While you’ve been busy telling me
dialog: how dangerous you are, we’ve been
dialog: busy locking onto your location,
dialog: via your radio signal. This gave us
dialog: your general location.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Aren’t you clever? But that’s not
dialog: going to help you much. I’1l be
dialog: gone in five minutes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I haven't finished, the coupling
dialog: device, that you so considerately
dialog: left us on your decoy warhead, is
text: accurate to ten feet.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT'D)
dialog: That warhead, although not nuclear,
dialog: shouldn’t have too much trouble
text: obliterating a medium sized Greek
dialog: fishing boat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Elena, as doubt starts to creep across face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: Now, just in case you still haven't
dialog: worked out exactly what’s going on,
dialog: the aforementioned missile was
text: launched forty-five seconds ago,
dialog: which gives you about thirty
dialog: seconds to impact. Don’t worry, it
dialog: won't trigger the nuclear warhead,
dialog: as that requires fission.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: At which point, Elena can see panicked members of her crew
text: pointing up in the air and jumping overboard.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: But I suggest you abandon ship
dialog: immediately if you want to make
dialog: good on your vow.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How’s that for entertainment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Elena turns white... KABOOM!
scene_heading: INT. ATHENS HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Solo is packing his gear into a suit case, on the bed we can
text: see the disk, on a dressing table is his gun. There is a
text: knock at the door. Solo covers the gun with a towel and opens
text: the door. Kuryakin is standing there holding a bottle.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: I bought you the best vodka I could
dialog: find. Can’t get my head round it
dialog: while there is still whiskey in the
dialog: world. Can I come in?
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: You might as well, cause I got
dialog: something for you too.
text: He gestures to a bottle of whiskey.
text: Solo clocks that Kuryakin has seen the disk on the bed.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: You have a couple of glasses? I
dialog: could use a drink about now.
text: Solo, goes to the dressing table where there are glasses. In
text: the mirror he can see Kuryakin looking longingly at the disk.
text: Kuryakin undoes a button on his jacket.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Why don’t you sit down?
text: Kuryakin does so, but his hand looks like it could reach for
text: his gun. Solo gives Kuryakin his glass and smiles, he returns
text: to his seat at the dressing table and puts his glass down by
text: the towel with the gun underneath it, he uses the drink as a
dialog: cover.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: All in all, I think we made a
dialog: pretty good team.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: It seems so, I have to admit, I
dialog: didn’t have a great deal of
dialog: confidence in you at the beginning.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: So what now? You go back to Russia?
dialog: Mission accomplished?
text: The Russian’s eyes again flick toward the disk, and his hand
text: seems to creep inside his jacket looking for a gun. In
text: response, Solo’s hand is creeping under the towel. The
text: tension mounts. Suddenly, there is a knock at the door. The
text: tension is shattered.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: Could you get that for me?
text: The Russian opens the door. There stands Gaby.
speaker_heading: GABY
dialog: Thought you’d like to know, the
dialog: salvage team managed to retrieve
text: the missile’s plutonium core from
text: the sea bed, it’s intact.
dialog: 111.
text: She notices the tension in the room.
speaker_heading: GABY (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope I am not interrupting
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Just a drink, and we can continue
dialog: that downstairs. I have to catch a
text: plane in an hour.
text: There’s a release of tension.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY
text: Solo puts his bags on his chair, and checks his inside
text: pocket, it contains the disk, he’s happy. He then attempts to
text: put his bags up into the space above his seat. He’s having
text: some trouble due to his injured shoulder. A hot STEWARDESS
text: helps him while people push behind.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Thank you, young lady.
text: He sits, sighs with relief, closes his eyes and falls asleep.
text: He wakes at 30,000 feet, looks out of the window, and taps
text: his breast pocket, a look of shock comes over him, there's
text: nothing there. He’s been pick-pocketed. He starts frantically
text: searching his clothes.
text: We hear a voice off screen, it’s the Russian.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: Looking for this?
text: He’s holding the disk.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN (CONT’D)
dialog: I think you know what my orders
dialog: are, but you know what, Cowboy? I
dialog: don’t like debts. So this is for
dialog: you saving my life when I was
dialog: drowning. And for my father’s
dialog: watch. Now we’re even.
text: He drops it on Solo’s lap, and marches off.
text: Moments later, the Russian is having a drink, when all of a
text: sudden, Solo drops the disk on his lap.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: That's for taking out the
dialog: electrodes from my behind and
text: shooting me through the shoulder,
dialog: and both times somehow saving my
dialog: life. Now we're even.
text: He walks off. He goes to the bar. The Russian approaches and
text: throws the disk on to the bar.
speaker_heading: SOLO (CONT’D)
dialog: This isn’t going to work is it?
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: So you're really retiring, Cowboy?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What will you do?
text: Solo shrugs.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Go fishing.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: So what we just did doesn’t change
dialog: anything? You don’t think we did
dialog: any good at all?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Oh, you are sweet, Kalinka. Tell
dialog: you what, the day there’s an
dialog: organization that only deals with
dialog: real threats, and bypasses national
dialog: oneupmanship, I'll be interested.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: So, what are we going to do with
dialog: this?
text: They look at the disk.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Well I don’t see how it can do
dialog: anyone any good do you? It’s a pity
dialog: that neither of us found it.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE TOILET - DAY
text: We see them snap the disk in half and drop it into the
text: toilet. They hit the flusher.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Well that’s the end of that.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INSERT: THREE MONTHS LATER.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET —- DAY
text: Solo is walking down a street in the East Forties. He sees
dialog: Del Florio’s Tailors.
scene_heading: INT. DEL FLORIO’S TAILORS - DAY
text: The bell dings as Solo enters and produces a ticket. He hands
text: it over, the MAN behind the counter looks up at Solo.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Just wait here a minute please,
dialog: sir.
text: The Man disappears. A beat or two later, the curtains of the
text: changing room part and there stands Sanders.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Good to see you Solo, so glad you
dialog: could make it. You’ve come about
dialog: thawing account number 583937994?
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: That was our deal.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Nothing to worry about, it can
dialog: thaw. You just have to sign a few
dialog: receipts first, you understand the
dialog: bureaucracy. Could you follow me?
text: Sanders turns and walks away down a corridor, Solo follows.
scene_heading: INT. DEL FLORIO’S TAILORS - OFFICE - DAY
text: Sanders pushes various forms in front of Solo.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: That’s a good man. Just sign here,
dialog: and here.
text: Solo can't be bothered to read the forms and just signs away.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: SANDERS (CONT'D)
dialog: You and the Russian did a good job
dialog: back there Solo, a proper team,
dialog: even our governments thought so.
dialog: Wouldn’t it be good if all the jobs
dialog: you had to do were for such a good
dialog: cause? An organization consisting
dialog: of agents of all nationalities.
text: Sanders puts more forms in front of Solo.
speaker_heading: SANDERS (CONT'D)
dialog: Just a few more.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Great idea sir, but it would never
dialog: happen. Anyway what would you call
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: SANDERS
speaker_heading: U.N.C.L.E.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: As in my father’s brother? What
dialog: does that mean?
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: The United Network Command For Law
dialog: and Enforcement.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Sounds like you've been thinking
dialog: about it sir. Of course, you’d need
dialog: the Russian, and the girl was
dialog: pretty useful as well.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: I am sure that could be arranged.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: I'll believe it when I seen it.
text: He continues signing.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: Would you? What if I’d told you,
dialog: you'd be the head agent, and you’d
dialog: only commit to missions that were a
dialog: global threat? No paperwork, and no
dialog: politics.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: SOLO
dialog: Very entertaining sir. In that
dialog: case, you'd have my attention. I'd
dialog: be your man.
text: Sanders looks relieved and takes away the last paper that
text: Solo was signing. He checks the signature and blows it dry.
speaker_heading: SANDERS
dialog: I was hoping you’d say that,
dialog: because the Russian put some money
dialog: on you saying “yes.” I, as you
dialog: know, am a bit more cynical. I said
dialog: I'd need to see your signature
dialog: first, but it seems we were both
dialog: right.
text: He presses a button, and the wall of clothes behind Sanders
dialog: disappears. We reveal -
scene_heading: INT. U.N.C.L.E. HEADQUARTERS - MISSION CONTROL - DAY
text: Kuryakin and Gaby are sitting with Waverly and Oleg, in front
text: of a bank of computers and monitors, all staring at where
text: Solo is sitting. Solo’s eyes are wide in shock.
speaker_heading: KURYAKIN
dialog: And they even said you can fly
dialog: first class. Good to see you,
dialog: Cowboy.
dialog: 
