speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: screenplay by
dialog: Brian Helgeland and Eric Roth
dialog: based on the novel by
dialog: David Brin
dialog: November 4, 1996
dialog: Early Production Draft
scene_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. DESERT LANDSCAPE (UTAH) - DAY 1
text: Jagged mountains defy a dark, foreboding sky. We hear
text: PLODDING HOOVES, CREAKING LEATHER. A lone wanderer
text: appears. Wearing a long coat and a battered hat, he
text: carries a bolt-action carbine. His name forgotten,
text: history remembers him simply as THE POSTMAN.
text: His laden pack mule, BILL, BRAYS, as they pass a battered
text: sign: "The Great Salt Lake Marina." They start down a
text: slope and begin to cross a...
speaker_heading: DRY LAKE BED
text: A bizarre, wind-swept sight. Dozens of boats resting lee-
text: to on the dry, cracked earth. It's like God pulled the
text: plug. Rusty mooring chains snake their way around house
text: boats, ski boats and a cabin cruiser or two.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: The last of the great cities died
dialog: when my father was a child.
text: Another victim of yet another war.
dialog: The plagues followed. And the
dialog: terrors. The living hid
text: themselves away in tiny hamlets in
dialog: hopes of surviving whatever new
dialog: madness conspired to rob them of
dialog: the little that remained. The
dialog: Earth itself had fallen prey to
dialog: chaos. For three years a dirty
dialog: snow fell that even summer could
dialog: not erase. The ocean was barren.
text: Poisoned. Near death.
text: As The Postman continues to cross, the CAMERA PULLS BACK.
text: He's soon lost in the massive vista.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Sixteen long years passed before
dialog: the great lungs started working
dialog: again. My father said it was as
dialog: if the ocean breathed a great sigh
dialog: of relief...
text: A RUMBLE of THUNDER. RAIN begins to fall. The earth just
text: sucks it up at first, but it's coming hard. Rivulets run.
text: Puddles form. We begin to get the feeling that soon these
text: boats will be tugging at the mooring chains once again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: 1
text: TRACK a rivulet as it runs, filling up a depression in the
text: sand. And then, running to fill another in a series of
dialog: depressions. They make a pattern we recognize as --
speaker_heading: MAN'S FOOTPRINTS
text: These tracks may already be days old as they fill with
text: rain water. Then, the sound of light, padded FOOTFALLS.
text: A LION ENTERS FRAME. Lean, hungry and dangerous, the big
text: cat has been tracking this man. He lets out a low,
text: disappointed GROWL. The rain has foiled his dinner
dialog: plans -- for now.
scene_heading: 2 EXT. HIGHWAY ON-RAMP (UTAH) - DAY 2
text: A bullet-ridden sign reads: "U.S. 84 North." The Postman
text: leads Bill down a barren 4-lane. Weeds poke up through
text: the asphalt. The rusting hulk of a car rests in the
text: median, covered in a tangle of purple wisteria. The
text: Postman plucks a flower. He sticks it into a buttonhole
dialog: and continues.
text: BILL BRAYS woefully. In answer:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't know. And if you ask me
dialog: again, I'm going to slug you.
text: They near a sign: "Thank You For Visiting Utah." The
text: Postman waves, shouts to the sign as he passes it.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: It's been fun, hasn't it, kids?
dialog: (to the sign)
dialog: You're welcome!
scene_heading: 3 EXT. 4-LANE (IDAHO) - BILLBOARD - DAY 3
text: Bill tugs up weeds as The Postman is climbing up a ladder
text: on a highway that razor cuts the plains to the horizon.
text: Above, The Postman sands atop a billboard catwalk. He
text: references a tattered road atlas, scans the horizon
text: through binoculars with one broken lens. He pauses at a
text: Union 76 ball just visible above the tree line.
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. HIGHWAY TRAVEL STOP (IDAHO) - DAY 4
text: A 76 Station and the remains of a Howard Johnson's.
text: Alert, carbine in hand, The Postman leads in the mule.
text: Rusting cars sag on flattened tires. There's a stripped
text: fire engine, its cracked hoses leading to the HoJo
text: foundation which bristles with burned timbers.
text: Bill stops to drink out of a stream. The Postman swats at
text: him with his hat.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Damnit, Bill, you know I need to
dialog: check it first!
text: Bill hangs his head. The Postman digs through his pack.
text: He removes an old Tupperware container and replaces its
text: contents -- a tiny sheaf of litmus papers and several
text: small bottles -- with stream water. He adds a few drops
text: from each bottle. Swirls it around. Then dips a tiny
text: strip of paper into the water. The paper turns a vivid
text: purple. The Postman is dubious.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Better than turpentine.
dialog: (touches some
dialog: to his lips)
dialog: Tastes about the same. Your call,
dialog: Bill.
text: Bill drinks.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You ain't picky, Bill. I like
dialog: that about you.
text: The Postman takes his carbine and a burlap sack and
text: crosses to the 76 Station. An old extension ladder on the
text: ground. The pole holding up the 76 ball has a 30-degree
text: bend in it, like someone once tried to pull it over.
dialog: Beyond the 76 ball, the sun sets -- but we here in the
dialog: 20th Century have never seen such a wild riot of color
dialog: before.
text: The Postman tries the station door. Locked. Smiling
text: ironically, he steps in through the blown-out window.
scene_heading: 5 INT. 76 STATION - OFFICE - DAY 5
text: A shambles. The Postman kicks around the table. He finds
text: a few beat-up CDs, flips through them. Reads the label.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED: 5
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: 'Running on Empty'? Tell me about
dialog: it.
text: Tossing it, he turns, stops. There, resting on a pile of
text: trash is a bashed-in portable TV. The Postman smiles.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Hey, Bill! We got TV! 147
dialog: channels. Everything from Jesus
dialog: to 'Jeopardy'.
text: He steps over, switches on the set. Nothing happens, but
text: The Postman pretends just the same. He mimics static,
dialog: then:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: 'Like sands through the hour-
dialog: glass, so are the days of our
dialog: lives...'
dialog: (switching channels)
dialog: 'Michael Shields, come on down,
dialog: you're the next contestant
dialog: on...'The Price is Right'.'
dialog: (switching again)
dialog: I'll take Domestic Nuclear
dialog: Disasters for two hundred
dialog: thousand, Alex...
text: The Postman stops suddenly. Click.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: We interrupt our regularly
dialog: scheduled program to bring you the
dialog: Second Civil War... Well, shit.
text: The Postman stares at the blank screen a moment. There's
text: a sudden, panicked RUSTLING from behind the service
text: manager's desk. The Postman wheels around, raises the
text: carbine.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't want any trouble... I bet
dialog: you don't either... Let's just
dialog: call it a draw, okay?
text: Sudden MOVEMENT. The Postman shouts in surprise as a Doe
text: dashes out from behind the desk. Scared, it bounds back
text: and forth between the walls. Then freezes in the corner.
text: The Postman sighs in relief, lowers the carbine.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Look out, Bill!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED: (2) 5
text: The doe bolts for the window and runs right into Bill.
text: Bill has a conniption fit.
text: Investigating further, The Postman spots a cigarette
text: machine. The front glass is smashed and all the slots are
text: empty. But he looks down to the lock at the bottom. It's
text: intact. He pulls a crowbar from the sack, crouches by the
text: machine and digs the pry into a seam and pulls.
text: The panel bursts open to reveal four half-open cartons of
text: cigarettes. He doesn't believe it for a second. Then:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm rich.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. 76 STATION - NIGHT 6
text: Embers of a campfire glow. The Postman is asleep, the
text: carbine in reach.
text: BILL BRAYS and nervously stamps his hooves. The Postman
text: reaches for the carbine only to find the barrel of a
text: shotgun pointed in his face.
text: Three BANDITS! Hard-eyed and ugly. One, barely 20, is
text: mostly just ugly. The Postman looks down the barrels of a
text: shotgun, a rifle and a revolver. The LEAD BANDIT kicks
text: the carbine out of reach.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm just passing through. I don't
dialog: mean anyone any harm.
dialog: (re: stream)
dialog: Water's good.
text: The Lead Bandit pokes at The Postman's shoulder with the
text: muzzle of his rifle. The Postman knows why.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm not a Holnist.
text: The Lead Bandit pokes again. Harder. The Postman opens
text: his shirt, reveals his bare left shoulder.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Okay?
text: They just stare at him, none saying a word. Creepy.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm headed for a town called St.
text: Rose. Somewhere west of Portland.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED: 6
speaker_heading: LEAD BANDIT
text: Portland's under twenty feet of
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Well, I heard different.
speaker_heading: LEAD BANDIT
dialog: You mouthin' me?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: No, it's just that it's hard to
dialog: get good information.
text: The third BANDIT, a HULKING brute, has been quiet.
scene_heading: HULKING BANDIT
dialog: He is mouthin' you; I say we kill
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LEAD BANDIT
dialog: Don't be in such a rush, Martin.
dialog: (back to
dialog: The Postman)
dialog: Now I see a pack mule over there,
dialog: but I don't see no packs.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: This is all I got.
speaker_heading: LEAD BANDIT
dialog: Oh... Kill him, Martin.
text: The Hulking Bandit, raises his shotgun. The butt end.
text: He's going to bludgeon The Postman to death.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Okay! My stuff's up there!
text: The 76 ball is twenty feet above the ground. In the gloom
text: you can just see a hole has been punched through the side.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: What do you got in there?
text: The Lead Bandit swats Bandit #20 upside the head.
speaker_heading: LEAD BANDIT
dialog: Shut up.
dialog: (to Postman)
dialog: What do you got in there?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED: (2) 6
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: Dried peas. Beef jerky.
dialog: Cigarettes.
scene_heading: ALL THREE BANDITS
dialog: Cigarettes!
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Sure. There's the ladder.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
text: Maybe he's got it booby-trapped.
text: The Lead Bandit is about to smack Bandit #20 again -- then
text: he sees the logic out of it. The Postman shakes his head,
dialog: but isn't that convincing.
speaker_heading: LEAD BANDIT
dialog: You go up and get it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 7 EXT. 76 BALL - DAWN 7
text: The ladder set against the bent pole. Prodded by a
text: shotgun, The Postman climbs, disappears through the hole
text: and into the tilting 76 ball.
scene_heading: 8 INT. 76 BALL - DAWN 8
dialog: Full of The Postman's earthly possessions. Trick is, how
text: to save them and his life at the same time. He spies an
text: old wrench: remnant of an attempt to remove the rusty
text: bolts holding the ball in place. An idea begins to take
dialog: shape.
speaker_heading: LEAD BANDIT (O.S.)
dialog: Just you start tossing those
dialog: cigarettes down!
speaker_heading: BANDITS
text: There's no answer. The Bandits eye each other nervously.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: Maybe he fell asleep.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: 8
speaker_heading: 76 BALL
text: The Postman grabs the wrench, starts working one of the
text: last two rusted bolts. As it starts to give...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: It's going to take a second. I
dialog: got my stuff bolted in.
speaker_heading: BANDITS
text: The Lead Bandit takes a cautious step back.
speaker_heading: LEAD BANDIT
dialog: Put some buckshot through it,
dialog: Martin. Just to hurry him up.
scene_heading: HULKING BANDIT
dialog: I only got three shells left.
speaker_heading: LEAD BANDIT
dialog: So use his gun.
text: The Hulking Bandit picks up the carbine and aims. CLICK.
text: It isn't loaded. The Hulking Bandit tosses the gun aside,
text: pulls a knife from his boot. Grimly, he begins to climb.
speaker_heading: 76 BALL
text: Cramped, The Postman's busy at the base of the ball,
text: trying to unscrew the last remaining bolt. It won't
dialog: budge.
speaker_heading: LADDER
text: The Hulking Bandit has only a few more rungs to go.
speaker_heading: 76 BALL
text: No good. Time's up. The Postman starts rocking the pole.
speaker_heading: LADDER
text: The Hulking Bandit has reached the opening -- feels the
text: rocking motion. Hangs on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: (2) 8
speaker_heading: 76 BALL
text: Knife in hand, the Hulking Bandit looks inside. At that
text: instant, The Postman rocks the pole one more time. The
text: rusty bolt is not enough to keep the ball's full weight in
text: place. It pops. The ball is frozen for an instant before
text: going with the pole's tilt.
speaker_heading: LADDER
text: The 76 ball drops off the pole, rolling over the Hulking
text: Bandit's back and down the ladder's incline. The other
text: Bandits dive clear as the 76 ball hurtles past.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: whips head over heels as the ball speeds away.
speaker_heading: FIELD
text: The 76 ball launches off a dirt berm, but soon comes to a
text: stop as it slams into an old utility pole and bursts
text: apart. Fighting the vertigo, The Postman staggers to his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Bill!
text: Bill bolts from the station as the Lead Bandit raises the
text: RIFLE and FIRES at The Postman.
text: Losing balance, The Postman lands on his butt just before
text: a bullet splinters the utility pole above his head.
text: Wobbly, he tries to gather his packs. The Bandits charge,
text: quickly closing the ground, but Bill is there first.
text: Holding as much as he can, The Postman heaves himself over
text: Bill's back. As the mule gallops away, the Lead Bandit
text: aims the rifle. He's got The Postman in his sights.
text: He's about to fire when -- Bandit #20 stands up INTO the
text: SHOT. He's got a fistful of cigarettes in each hand and
text: he's laughing like a hyena!
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: We're rich!
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 9 EXT. OVERLOOK HILL (IDAHO) - DAY 9
text: The Postman sits on a rock, holding Bill's halter so the
text: mule must face him. They are in the midst of an argument.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: It's true, we haven't done this in
dialog: a while, but it's like riding a
dialog: bicycle. Now, open your mouth.
text: The Postman pries his mouth open. Taking a toothbrush, he
text: tends to Bill's teeth, then gives him an appraising look.
scene_heading: BILL BRAYS.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I know the rule. It's my rule!
dialog: Avoid civilization at all costs.
dialog: But we gotta eat, don't we?
dialog: (as BILL BRAYS again)
dialog: What are you so worried about,
dialog: Bill? All you gotta do is stand
dialog: there. I'm the one with all the
dialog: lines.
text: The Postman leads the mule down the hill toward the town
text: far below. Making his case all the while -- even as BILL
text: BRAYS in protest.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE (IDAHO) - DAY 10
text: A patch of mud. In the center of the square fifty
text: townspeople stand before a plank stage where The Postman
text: wraps up a performance of MacBeth. He plays it with a
dialog: mis-remembered gusto the people enjoy. Children
text: especially are enamored. A heavily-muscled man, WOODY,
text: lingers on the fringe of the crowd -- watching The Postman
text: with inscrutable intensity.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: They said, 'Fear not, MacBeth,
dialog: 'til Birnam Wood comes to
dialog: Dunsinane'!
text: He looks off stage for someone, but no one appears.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I said, Birnam Wood comes to
dialog: Dunsinane!
text: Bill trots on-stage. Covered with twigs, BILL is Birnam
text: Wood. He BRAYS lustily. The audience laughs in delight.
text: The children clap. Only Woody seems unaffected.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
text: The Postman grabs two wooden swords -- he knows it's going
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Arm, arm yourselves! If the
dialog: witch's words are true, there'll
dialog: be no running or hiding here!
text: Shaking off the twigs, Bill takes one of the swords in his
text: mouth. The two of them dash back and forth pretending to
text: fight off an imaginary attack. Finally, The Postman looks
text: out at the audience, remembers the words the best he can.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and the
dialog: day after that. Out brief candle!
dialog: Life's but a walking shadow, a
text: poor player that struts his hour
text: upon the stage and is heard no
dialog: more. It's a tale told by a
text: moron. Full of sound and fury,
text: signifying nothing.
dialog: (waves sword)
dialog: But blow, wind! Come wrack! At
dialog: least we'll die with the harness
dialog: off our back!
text: The audience erupts in applause. But Woody stands still
text: as stone. The Postman takes a bow. Even Bill does a
text: cross-legged dip. Knowing when to quit, he steps off the
text: stage to many hearty handshakes.
text: Woody watches his every move. MRS. THOMPSON, one of the
text: town's leaders, steps up. She's accompanied by crotchety
text: old CURMUDGEON LARRY.
scene_heading: MRS. THOMPSON
dialog: The children have never heard
dialog: Shakespeare before.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: They still haven't.
text: The Curmudgeon is still clapping.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Thanks. You're very nice.
speaker_heading: CURMUDGEON LARRY
dialog: I'm clapping because you stink.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: (2) 10
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't think you understand how
dialog: it works.
speaker_heading: CURMUDGEON LARRY
dialog: When I was young, I tried to be an
dialog: actor. I was awful. But now I
dialog: won't die thinking I was the worst
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm glad I could help.
scene_heading: MRS. THOMPSON
dialog: Larry, stop it.
dialog: (to The Postman)
dialog: You were very good.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Good enough to get something to
dialog: eat?
text: Before she can answer, a SENTRY cries...
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Holnists! Holnists are coming!
text: All eyes look down the road leading into town. A raiding
text: party of Holnist Cavalry are on their way in. Mrs.
text: Thompson sees The Postman's concern.
scene_heading: MRS. THOMPSON
dialog: It's okay. We give them food and
dialog: supplies. All the towns do.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: They hardly kill anyone lately.
dialog: Just take a woman sometimes.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Well, I'd just as soon not give
dialog: them anything of mine. Let's find
dialog: the back door, Bill.
text: The Postman gathers his stuff, slings packs onto Bill.
text: The forty Holnists in orange and black uniforms ride in.
text: They're armed with mostly pistols and rifles. Some carry
text: bows, knives, spear guns and swords. On their bare
text: shoulders, branded into the flesh -- the number "8."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: (3) 10
text: Out front, always leading by example is, GENERAL
text: BETHLEHEM. Tough, smart, merciless with style. Commander
text: of the United Clans of Holn. Nothing escapes his eye.
text: A little behind him is the mysteriously silent Colonel
dialog: Getty, second in command.
text: The Postman, finished packing, begins to move from
dialog: building to building -- careful not to attract any
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM (O.S.)
dialog: What are you doing there?
text: The Postman freezes, turns, is relieved to find
text: Bethlehem's not talking to him at all. The General looks
text: down from his horse at children playing an impromptu game
dialog: of "Birnam Wood."
text: The children stop, stare at their feet. Bethlehem affects
text: a "kindly" smile to accompany his gentler tone.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: I said, what are you doing?
text: Meantime, The Postman continues his surreptitious escape.
text: The MAYOR hurries forward to greet Bethlehem.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: It's just a game, General
dialog: Bethlehem. Something they saw in
dialog: a play. No harm in it.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: A play?
dialog: (to kids)
dialog: Show me. It's all right,
dialog: children, show me.
text: One BRAVE BOY finds his voice, barely.
speaker_heading: BRAVE BOY
dialog: Arm, arm yourselves! No running
dialog: from the witches!
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Shakespeare, is it? Well, I'm
dialog: sorry I missed it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: (4) 10
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: You should know, sir, we haven't
dialog: nearly stocked the game we thought
dialog: we would.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Really? But you had time for a
dialog: play?
text: Head down, The Postman makes for "the back way." But it's
text: guarded by three daunting Holnist soldiers. No getting by
text: them. The Postman does a quick 180, goes back the way he
dialog: came.
text: Bethlehem looks at the frightened townsfolk.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: I'm taking three conscripts from
dialog: each town. They will have the
dialog: honor of serving in the Holnist
dialog: Army until such time as I see fit.
dialog: (to Mayor)
dialog: Three men. You suppose you could
dialog: do that?
text: The Mayor nods in acquiescence. Bethlehem looks to a
text: Holnist officer. The officer, IDAHO, steps up and
text: addresses the town.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: All men between 15 and 50 and of
dialog: suitable ethnic foundation are
dialog: required to show themselves now.
text: The Holnist soldiers fan out, prodding any likely or
dialog: unwilling candidates forward.
text: The Postman is now walking behind Bethlehem. Some of the
text: Townspeople cast him a furtive glance as he makes his way
text: toward the open courtyard and, ultimately, the gate out of
dialog: town.
text: Three conscripts are hustled before Bethlehem. He looks
text: over the first -- Woody. Smells him. Not much of a
dialog: decision here.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Acceptable.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Acceptable, Captain!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: (5) 10
text: The second -- a thin teenager. Bethlehem feels his arm,
text: turns his head from side to side.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You'll need to put some meat on,
dialog: but I like an impressionable mind.
dialog: Acceptable.
dialog: The third -- an innocuous man. Or so we think. Bethlehem
text: stares hard at his olive skin, traces a finger over the
text: bump on the man's nose.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Mongoloid. Unacceptable.
text: Soldiers shove the man back into the crowd. The Brave Boy
text: that was playing Birnam Wood allows himself a tiny smile
text: when he sees that The Postman might make it.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: I want pure blood. Someone
dialog: like...
text: Bethlehem notes the Boy, turns to see the object of his
text: attention, and spots The Postman leaving out the front
dialog: gate.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: That man.
text: Idaho and another soldier are on it. The Postman tries to
text: back away as the two dismount and come toward him.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You don't understand...
dialog: But Idaho and the soldier aren't programmed for
text: explanations -- they grab him.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: You were required to show
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: But, I'm not with these people.
dialog: I'm just passing through. I --
text: Idaho silences him with a rifle butt to the head.
dialog: Everything falls OUT OF FOCUS
speaker_heading: IDAHO (O.S.)
dialog: Take the mule.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. HOLNIST TRAINING CAMP (WESTERN IDAHO) - DAY 11
text: Spread out in the valley is General Bethlehem's Holnist
text: Expeditionary Force. A five hundred-man army enjoying all
text: the comforts a bivouac can offer.
text: 19 head-shaved CONSCRIPTS, including Woody and The
text: Postman, are held in a cramped, barbed wired pen. They
text: watch as three more are shoved inside. One of them is
text: Bandit #20. He and The Postman come face to face,
dialog: recognize each other.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: Hi?
text: The Postman steps toward him, Bandit #20 backs off
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: Well... I mean, we know each
dialog: other, kind of...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Kind of.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Wow!
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: So what did you guys do with my
dialog: cigarettes?
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: We traded them for a woman.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Wonderful. What happened to your
dialog: partners?
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: They traded me to the Holnists.
speaker_heading: GUARD (O.S.)
dialog: Ten hut!
text: General Bethlehem approaches on horseback. Colonel Getty
text: follows behind. Bethlehem looks his new recruits over.
text: Dismounting, he enters the pen and walks among them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: 11
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Welcome, gentlemen, to your new
dialog: life. You have been born again as
dialog: soldiers in the army of the United
dialog: Clans of Holn. The strong have
text: been sapped by the whimpering
dialog: propaganda of the weak. Men,
dialog: strong men, have been denied their
dialog: destiny. You men have been saved
dialog: from that fate. Redemption is
dialog: within your grasp.
text: He starts down the line, looking the men over. He stops
text: in front of a GANGLY RECRUIT. The Postman is alongside.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You. What did you do before you
dialog: were given this opportunity?
scene_heading: GANGLY RECRUIT
text: I had a shovel. I digged holes.
text: Bethlehem regards him benevolently.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You digged holes... Well, now
dialog: you're going to fill them.
dialog: (turns to Postman)
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Is there any question in anyone's
dialog: mind that I was talking to you?
dialog: Yes, you. You look like a
dialog: dangerous man. Are you?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm just a performer.
dialog: Shakespeare. Stuff like that.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Shakespeare?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: He was a writer. He --
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: I know who Shakespeare was... 'Cry
text: "Havoc!" and let slip the dogs of
dialog: war.'
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: (2) 11
text: Bethlehem says the lines boldly, encourages his men to
text: clap for him. He looks at The Postman expectantly.
dialog: Finally...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I, um, you want a line?
text: Bethlehem nods. The Postman thinks a moment...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: 'To be or not to be: That is the
dialog: question.'
text: Bethlehem looks at his men as if to say, "Is this all this
dialog: guy's got?" Bethlehem eyes The Postman; he wants a
dialog: contest.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: 'We few, we happy few, we band of
dialog: brothers.'
dialog: The Holnists clap, they know their General can best this
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (gaining confidence)
dialog: 'Now is the winter of our
dialog: discontent made glorious summer by
dialog: this son of York.'
text: Bethlehem claps The Postman on the back.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You're pretty good. You're also a
dialog: fighter. I see it in your eyes.
text: The Postman doesn't answer. Hesitant, he doesn't want to
dialog: get into any more trouble than he's already in.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Don't you agree? Come on, a man's
dialog: got to speak his mind.
dialog: Bethlehem sounds sincere. He seems like a good guy.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't mean any disrespect, sir,
dialog: but you'd be better off just
dialog: letting me go. A fighter is about
dialog: the last thing I am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: (3) 11
text: The Postman doubles over as Bethlehem hooks a fist into
text: his gut. Bethlehem clubs him in the head, dropping him to
text: his knees, then digs a boot into his side. The Postman
text: goes down.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Don't you think I should be the
dialog: judge of that, soldier?
text: The Postman gasps to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Get up. I said, get up.
text: The Postman staggers to his feet. Blood trickles from his
text: nose as he stares across at Bethlehem.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Put up your fists.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You'd win.
text: Bethlehem looks to Getty. CLICK. Getty shoves a PISTOL
text: is into The Postman's ear. The Postman reluctantly raises
text: his fists. Bethlehem gives him a satisfied nod.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Now fight.
text: The Postman takes a tentative step forward. Bethlehem
text: drives him back with a flurry of blows. The Postman is
text: dazed, nearly out on his feet. Bethlehem holds him up.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You're right. You're not a
dialog: fighter. But you will be. I'm
dialog: giving you a chance at a life that
dialog: means something. A life worth
dialog: living.
dialog: That said, Bethlehem delivers one last blow to The
text: Postman's face. Everything goes BLACK...
scene_heading: 12 EXT. HOLNIST TRAINING CAMP (WESTERN IDAHO) - DAWN 12
text: A brutal REVEILLE BLASTS the sleeping conscripts awake.
speaker_heading: IDAHO (O.S.)
dialog: Let's move it. Everybody up and
dialog: at 'em.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: 12
text: The Postman comes to. He licks his dry, blood-caked lips.
text: A sudden movement startles him -- it's Woody, shoving him
text: a battered cup of water. It's like he's been keeping
text: watch. The Postman is surprised, a little suspicious, and
text: very grateful as he gulps the water down.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Thanks. Did I win?
text: Woody shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I tried to tell him...
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Say it again.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Say what?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: The words you said in town. About
dialog: the wind blowing. And the rest...
dialog: Say it again.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: 'Blow, wind. Come wrack. At
dialog: least we'll die with the harness
dialog: off our back.'
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: What's it mean?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Live free or die.
text: Woody and The Postman scramble to fall-to with the other
text: conscripts. Idaho surveys the ranks.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: All right, girls. We're gonna
text: run. Twenty miles. With packs.
dialog: You got three hours. Everybody
dialog: makes it. Or nobody eats.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. TRAINING CAMP - MESS LINE - CLOSE ON MEAT - DAY 13
text: A COOK dumps a scoop of gristly, gray meat into each mess
text: pail as the conscripts wait in line. They fall to
text: ravenously, too hungry to taste how bad it is. Idaho
text: supervises.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: Eat up! You got meat tonight.
text: The line has almost passed. Just The Postman left and
text: Bandit #20 bringing up the rear. Idaho looks at The
text: Postman, addresses the COOK.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: Why don't you tell Shakespeare
dialog: what kind of meat that is.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: Mule.
text: Probably Bill -- and The Postman knows it. He stares in
text: revulsion at the putrid meat ladled into his pail.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
text: A godawful animal. The sterile
text: offspring of a horse and a donkey.
dialog: Can you imagine that?! There's no
dialog: room in this new world for a
dialog: bastard like that.
text: Bandit #20 holds out his pail. But the cook won't fill
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: Uh uh.
dialog: (loudly; for all)
dialog: Any man last in line ain't hungry
dialog: enough. You show up last, you
dialog: don't eat!
text: Bandit #20 steps away in disbelief. Not knowing what else
text: to do, he sits down beside The Postman, the only man with
text: food who isn't eating.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: I'll die before I'm last in line
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: That's what they're hoping for.
text: He holds his pail out to Bandit #20.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: Serious? This isn't bad.
text: Lost in despair, The Postman stares out at the skewed
dialog: palette.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: These were supposed to be the best
dialog: years of my life.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 14 EXT. TRAINING GROUNDS - DAY 14
text: The conscripts stand at attention under the guard of Idaho
text: and two other soldiers. To their right is a dead oak
text: tree. Behind them, three rows of folding chairs.
text: Two figures approach. Bethlehem and Getty. Getty carries
text: a sheathed sword. Bethlehem surveys the troops -- taking
text: no more notice of The Postman than anyone else.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: The laws of eight, gentlemen.
dialog: That is the legacy handed down to
dialog: us by Nathan Holn.
text: At the mention of this name, the RECRUITS shout as one.
speaker_heading: RECRUITS
dialog: God rest his soul!
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (low)
dialog: May he burn in hell.
text: Getty looks over at him. He heard him. The Postman
text: swallows hard. Getty stares hard. Then he turns away.
dialog: He's not going to bust him on it.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: These are the laws that we live
dialog: by. The eight is our symbol.
dialog: Each man will bear it with pride.
text: Bethlehem nods at Idaho who pushes up his own sleeve to
dialog: reveal the branded 8.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Only then will you be part of the
dialog: clan. Sit down, gentlemen.
text: The men move to sit in one of the three rows. Only then
text: does it become apparent that there are 18 men and only 17
text: chairs. One SLOW RECRUIT is left standing. It doesn't
text: take him long to realize that he's in trouble.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Law One. You will obey orders
dialog: without question.
dialog: (to Slow Recruit)
dialog: I told you to sit.
speaker_heading: SLOW RECRUIT
dialog: (scared)
dialog: There weren't enough chairs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: I didn't specify chairs. You
text: could've sat down on the ground.
text: The Slow Recruit moves to do so.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You disobeyed a direct order. You
dialog: broke Law One.
text: Idaho and another soldier step up beside the Slow Recruit.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Law Two. Punishment shall be
dialog: swift.
text: They hustle the Recruit to the tree. Idaho unslings a
text: coil of rope, throws it over a tree limb. They quickly
text: slip a loop over the Slow Recruit's ankles and haul him
text: upside down into the air.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Law Three: Mercy is for the weak.
dialog: Four: Terror will defeat reason.
dialog: Five: Your allegiance is to the
dialog: clan. Six: Justice can be
dialog: dictated. Law Seven. Any
dialog: clansman may challenge for
dialog: leadership of the clan. Does any
dialog: man here wish to challenge me?
dialog: There are no takers.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: On your feet!
text: The conscripts stand like jackknives snapping open.
text: Without a word, without a look -- Bethlehem reaches out
text: and draws a sword from a sheath that Getty holds.
text: Bethlehem steps to the Slow Recruit -- who slowly twists
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Law Eight: There is only one
dialog: penalty: Death.
text: Bethlehem raises the sword.
speaker_heading: SLOW RECRUIT
dialog: Please, I'm begging you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: (2) 14
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: As the sword finds its mark. Bethlehem looks at him, but
dialog: addresses all.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You will get out of this army what
dialog: you put into it. Work and you'll
dialog: be fed. Fight and you'll be
dialog: respected. Die and you'll be
dialog: remembered. It's up to you.
text: Bethlehem turns and walks away. Getty following behind.
text: The Postman watches as they go. Idaho steps up to him.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: You thinking of challenging for
dialog: leadership of the clan?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: No, sir. I'm a follower not a
dialog: leader.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: You see Colonel Getty? Always
dialog: following the General? He's the
dialog: only man who ever challenged.
dialog: Fight lasted six seconds, but the
dialog: General didn't kill him. He cut
text: off his tongue and he cut off his
dialog: balls and old Getty's been
text: following him like a dog ever
dialog: since.
text: The Postman looks back to see Bethlehem and Getty
text: disappear into the gloom. Idaho grins, likes how this
text: affects a new man.
text: The Postman moves on. Idaho stops Woody as he passes.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: The General don't see it, but I
dialog: say you got some nigger in you.
text: Woody clenches his jaw, but wisely doesn't answer.
scene_heading: 15 EXT. PLAINS - DAY 15
text: Rain as the army moves. Boots suck at the mud. War
text: wagons heave out of ruts. A monster gun is mounted on an
text: old John Deere semi, pulled by a team of ten horses. The
text: conscripts fill the middle ranks, each bearing a heavy
dialog: pack.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
text: Marching beside Woody, The Postman stares blankly ahead.
text: The cry to halt. The conscripts unsling their packs,
text: catch their breath. Idaho pulls The Postman out of line.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: The General would like a word with
dialog: you, Shakespeare.
scene_heading: 16 INT. GENERAL BETHLEHEM'S TENT - DAY 16
text: Bethlehem stands before a painter's easel, palette in
text: hand. He's got a mirror set up so he can see his
text: reflection. He's doing a self-portrait in the tradition
dialog: of the great Dutch Masters -- but it's a dismal failure.
text: He continues painting even as Idaho leads The Postman in.
text: Idaho salutes, steps back. For a moment, The Postman
dialog: doesn't quite know what to do.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (re: the book and
text: binoculars on the
dialog: table)
dialog: They're yours. A solitary man,
dialog: aren't you? Binoculars. To watch
dialog: life from a distance. And
dialog: Shakespeare. To read about it
dialog: instead of living it.
text: Bethlehem wants an answer. The Postman clears his throat.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: No offense, General, but you seem
dialog: to have read some Shakespeare
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: If he wishes to rise above mere
text: thuggery, a military commandeer
dialog: must be classically educated.
dialog: Philosophy, history. Even a sense
dialog: of the dramatic.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Do you know what I did before the
dialog: war? Do you think I was in the
dialog: army? I sold copying machines. I
dialog: was a salesman. The talent to
text: lead men and devise and execute a
dialog: battle plan were locked away
dialog: inside me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
text: He picks up Finding A Way to Win by Nathan Holn. A 20-
dialog: year-old self-help book.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: If Nathan Holn hadn't come along,
dialog: I'd still be selling copying
dialog: machines. Can you imagine the
dialog: wasted life? Can you imagine the
dialog: magnitude of it? But war... War
dialog: gives men like me a chance.
text: He turns to a dog-eared page in the book.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Here... 'The prize is often left
dialog: unclaimed. Have the courage to
dialog: grasp it. For fortune always
dialog: favors the bold.'
dialog: (moved)
dialog: It always inspires me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I have a design for the future. A
dialog: master plan. I'll need able
dialog: officers to carry it out. You
dialog: have the intelligence. If your
dialog: heart matches, you'll go far.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We'll talk more in the weeks to
dialog: come. Dismissed.
text: The Postman leaves. Idaho stands at the ready.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
text: Issue the binoculars to a scout.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: And the book, sir?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Burn it.
text: Idaho leaves. Bethlehem goes back to his painting. He
text: considers himself in the mirror. After a long stare-down,
dialog: he shouts:
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Quit moving.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. CAMP - DAY 17
text: The Postman rejoins the conscripts. Bandit #20 slides
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: What happened?
text: Troubled, The Postman doesn't answer. He heads for a
text: corner where Woody stands alone. Relentless, Bandit #20
text: follows.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: Did he say anything about me?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: No.
text: They reach the quiet corner; it's just the three of them.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: We got to get out of here.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: Escaping.
dialog: (low)
dialog: You ever hear of St. Rose? It's
dialog: on the coast. They say it's a
dialog: paradise. They've even got
dialog: electric lights.
text: Bandit #20 looks scared, Woody unreadable.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: We can't.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Between the three of us, we
dialog: could --
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: No, no. I can't. I like it here.
dialog: I like being a part of something.
text: The Postman can't believe what Bandit #20 just said.
text: Bandit #20 turns, hurries away.
text: The Postman looks to Woody who doesn't tip his hand either
text: way. He moves away as well.
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: 18 EXT. CAMP - DAY 18
text: The conscripts break camp. Hot work. Glistening with
text: sweat, The Postman stops to stretch. Across the way, he
text: sees Bandit #20 talking to Getty. Getty glances at The
text: Postman who returns to work, watches under his eyebrows as
text: Idaho joins the group. There's trouble brewing here.
text: Worried, The Postman looks to Woody, who watches the
text: exchange as well. He is, as usual, inscrutable.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. CLEARING - RIVER - DAY 19
text: The river is swollen and swift from the spring thaw.
text: Marching along the east ridge above it, the army is given
dialog: the order to halt.
text: The Postman looks ahead to where Idaho confers with
text: Bethlehem. Something's wrong. They look to where:
text: Two carbine-toting soldiers stand alertly at guard by a
text: thicket across the river. A rotten wood and rope bridge
text: spans the space between the ridges.
text: Idaho rides to the conscripts:
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: One of you dogs has earned himself
dialog: a treat. Over there.
text: Idaho points to the thicket as he proceeds down the line.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: Those men hunted themselves a lion
dialog: this morning. Must've been a zoo
dialog: around here before the war.
dialog: Anyhow, they shot him and he
text: crawled into that thicket. A
dialog: third man went in after him. We
text: don't know if he's dead or alive.
dialog: I need a volunteer. Someone's
dialog: gotta go in and get our boy out.
text: No volunteers, except the zealot Bandit #20.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: I'll go.
text: Idaho ignores him, stops in front of Woody.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: I guess size ain't a measure of
dialog: courage, is it? Shakespeare!
text: The fix is in. The Postman steps out of line.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
text: Idaho's about to hand The Postman a carbine when --
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM (O.S.)
dialog: I don't think so, Captain.
text: Bethlehem nods to Getty. Getty takes a hunting knife from
text: a belt-sheath and tosses it, blade first, into the ground
text: between The Postman's feet.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Come out alive and you got
dialog: yourself a lion steak.
text: Hefting the knife, The Postman stares at the west ridge.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: (winks)
dialog: Maybe you'll find your St. Rose up
dialog: there.
text: The Postman looks to Bandit #20 who stares back defiantly.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: What are you waiting for,
dialog: Christmas?
text: Bandit #20 can't contain his giggling, so Idaho backhands
text: the sound out of him -- then looks back to The Postman.
text: Grim The Postman starts forward, looks from the rotten
text: bridge to the water and back again as he moves.
text: All eyes on him as he starts across...
scene_heading: 20 EXT. BRIDGE - DAY 20
text: The Postman steps lightly. Far below, the river rages. A
text: knotty plank starts to crack underfoot. Scooting off it,
text: he takes a last look around. Continues across to...
scene_heading: 21 EXT. WEST RIDGE - DAY 21
text: The soldiers greet him -- unholy smiles on their ugly
text: mugs. They point him ahead, prod him forward toward a
text: trail of wet blood which leads deeper into the thicket.
text: Stooping, The Postman enters. The soldiers split off and
text: track along with him on either side of the thicket.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. THICKET - DAY 22
text: Thorns catch and tear at his clothes as The Postman pushes
text: his way through. He freezes. Ahead, sprawled and
text: twisted, the mauled, bloody corpse of a Holnist soldier.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER (O.S.)
dialog: Why are you stopping?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I found him.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER (O.S.)
dialog: He alive?
text: Clearly he is not.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER (O.S.)
dialog: Bring him out.
text: The Postman heaves the corpse onto his back. Rising,
text: steadying himself, he looks back over his shoulders at a
text: GUTTURAL GROWL. He hurries forward.
speaker_heading: ARMY
text: Everyone stares across the river, straining to see as The
text: Postman emerges with the corpse on his back.
speaker_heading: ON BRIDGE
text: The Postman starts across, hampered by his burden. He
text: pauses, at his feet, the cracked, knotty plank.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: (across river)
dialog: Hurry up! You still got a lion to
dialog: bag!
text: The Postman decides, deliberately steps on the PLANK.
text: CRACK. The Postman and the corpse drop thirty feet down,
text: disappear in the river below.
text: The corpse surfaces first, floats in the water.
text: Then The Postman. Farther down the river. Swimming
text: downstream with powerful strokes. Between his efforts and
text: the current, he's being quickly swept away from the
dialog: Holnists.
text: As Bethlehem's eyes narrow in fury.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: 22 CONTINUED: 22
text: A RIFLE BARKS a SHELL BACK after The Postman, but he
text: disappears around a bend in the river.
text: Bethlehem signals to two soldiers. They start running
text: along the east ridge toward the riverbend.
text: Two more start across the bridge to the west -- moving
text: with military precision.
text: Bethlehem wheels toward the conscripts, points out Woody.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: In the water. Come back without
dialog: him and you and another man will
dialog: die in his place.
text: Woody dives in the water. Bethlehem looks to Idaho who
text: dives in as well. Conscripts buzz with nervous
dialog: excitement.
speaker_heading: CONSCRIPTS
dialog: Go! Go!
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: (caught up)
dialog: I'll get him, sir.
text: He takes off running across the bridge.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. RIVER - DAY 23
text: A fallen tree spans the river. As The Postman is swept
text: beneath, he reaches up and catches hold. Pulling himself
text: out of the water, he scrambles for the west shore. He
text: disappears into the woods as two soldiers appear.
text: They catch hold of the tree, look to the west banking, see
text: footprints in the mud where The Postman pulled himself
text: out. They start after him.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. CLEARING - WOODS - DAY 24
text: Clothes in tatters, his lungs ready to burst, The Postman
text: stops. He takes cover as the two soldiers run past.
text: Breathing hard, The Postman steps out, starts across the
text: clearing. He's halfway when Bandit #20 steps out from the
text: trees. They look at each other for a moment.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Just let me go. I don't want to
dialog: be part of your army.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
text: Bandit #20 hesitates for a moment, then breaks into a
dialog: grin.
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: My army. I like the sound of
dialog: that.
text: The Postman gestures with his knife.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Don't --
speaker_heading: BANDIT #20
dialog: I got him! Over --
text: The Postman lunges, digs into Bandit #20's gut. He blinks
text: in surprise, then sags to the ground.
text: The Postman takes a step back. A shadow falls over him.
text: It's Woody. Staring down at The Postman. They can hear
text: others approaching from the river.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: They sent me to kill you.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Come with me.
text: At that moment, Idaho and the second soldier come into the
text: clearing. Idaho grins, relaxes his grip on his gun when
text: he sees the mismatch between Woody and The Postman.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: Good, boy. Get him.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: It's you or me.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: Finish it.
text: Woody circles The Postman, until he's facing Idaho and the
text: soldier. Woody takes a long look at The Postman, smiles.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: No harness on my back.
text: As The Postman realizes what he's doing, Woody flips his
text: knife through the air and into the soldier's throat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 24 CONTINUED: (2) 24
text: As Woody rushes him, Idaho raises his GUN.
text: Idaho pumps TWO ROUNDS into Woody, but the big man keeps
text: coming. The THIRD ROUND finds his heart, puts Woody down.
text: Dead. But not before he lands on top of Idaho.
text: As Idaho struggles to get out from under Woody's massive
text: frame, The Postman heads for the trees.
text: Covered in Woody's blood, Idaho FIRES a ROUND as The
text: Postman disappears into the woods. Idaho starts after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
text: Tracking. He sees a dribble of fresh blood. He touches
text: it with his fingers and smiles.
text: He cocks his head at MOVEMENT to his left. Smiling,
text: hefting his pistol, Idaho moves in. More SHUFFLING. Just
text: ahead. He's got him now.
speaker_heading: IDAHO
dialog: You want your St. Rose?
text: There's a RUSTLE of BRUSH just before a ROAR splits the
text: air. Idaho doesn't even have time to scream as the LION
text: pounces down on top of him.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. CLIFF - DAY 25
text: The Postman, lungs heaving, stops his climb long enough to
text: take stock of the Army waiting on the distant river edge.
text: Strength ebbing, he heaves himself up and continues
dialog: climbing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 26 EXT. WOODS (EASTERN OREGON) - NIGHT 26
text: A chilling RAIN drills down, washing across an old forest
text: road. Covered with undergrowth and dotted with saplings,
dialog: nothing's been down here in years.
text: Blue-lipped and shivering, his clothes torn and soaked,
text: The Postman trudges along. He tries to rub some warmth
text: back into his numbed limbs, but a coughing spell wracks
text: his body.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: 26 CONTINUED: 26
text: He trudges forward, shoes heavy with freezing mud. He's
text: made his escape, but he won't last the night if he doesn't
dialog: find some shelter.
text: An unnatural shape ahead, just off the road. Square. He
text: cautiously pulls back a few branches.
text: An old, rusted Jeep with faded U.S. government markings.
text: Its hood buried under the dirt of an old mud slide. The
text: Postman stoops to look through the passenger side window,
text: comes face-to-face with death. A skeleton sits inside,
text: the skull grinning against the glass facing The Postman.
text: But The Postman doesn't jump back. He just stares. The
text: two heads meet halfway as The Postman's face is reflected
text: on the glass, superimposed over the skull.
text: A hypothermic shiver wracks his body. The Postman tries
text: the door, but it won't budge. The other side of the Jeep
text: is buried. But seeing that the windshield is partly
text: smashed, he clears away the debris, peels back the spider-
text: webbed safety glass and climbs inside.
speaker_heading: JEEP
text: Pulling the glass back down, he looks almost shyly at the
text: skeleton, like two kids about to "park" for the first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Hey. How ya doin'?
text: The back of the Jeep is filled with bags marked U.S. Mail.
text: The Postman picks up a hat off the console. Oddly
text: respectful, he runs a finger along the band over the
dialog: "Horse &amp; Rider" emblem.
text: The Postman reaches, touches the embroidered American flag
text: patch on the skeleton's jacket shoulder. Another shiver.
text: A moment later, The Postman is pulling the nice dry jacket
text: off the skeleton and shoving his own arms inside.
text: A sloshing sound. He pats down the jacket. Finds a
text: liquor. He gives the skeleton a "you shouldn't have"
text: look. But the cap won't budge. He twists, pries, bangs
text: the neck of the steering wheel. At last it gives. He
text: takes a long, hard swallow. The warming fire streams down
text: his throat.
text: The Postman grabs a random letter, reads it aloud.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 26 CONTINUED: (2) 26
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: 'Jerry Ball, Pine View.'
text: He starts to open it, looks at the skeleton and shrugs.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: So, arrest me.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Here's a piece of good news.
dialog: Jerry's decided to go to school to
dialog: get his contractor's license.
text: Tossing it aside, he takes a drink, opens another. The
text: words are in crayon -- a child's scrawl.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (smiles to skeleton)
dialog: Little Jimmy wants his grandpa to
dialog: know he lost a tooth.
text: The Postman turns the envelope over in his palm. A tiny
text: tooth falls out. The Postman considers it. This suddenly
text: isn't so amusing. He puts it back in the envelope.
text: Shoving mail sacks aside, he climbs in the back.
text: Burrowing in, he pulls the sacks back, covering himself
text: with a blanket of mail. Getting warmer already, he
text: regards the skeleton a beat as the RAIN DRUMS ON the ROOF.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. JEEP - DAY 27
text: Wearing the blue uniform, The Postman looks down at the
text: fresh grave, realizes a eulogy is in order. He takes off
text: the hat, holds it over his chest for a heartfelt moment of
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Thanks for being there for me.
dialog: (raising the flask)
dialog: Here's to you. I consider my
dialog: taxes very well spent.
text: He swallows the last few drops, then sets the flask down
dialog: as a headstone. What now?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: All dressed up. Nowhere to go.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. RURAL HIGHWAY (SOMEWHERE IN OREGON) - DAY 28
text: His hair growing back nicely, The Postman has reached the
text: proverbial fork in the road. He considers his two
dialog: options: "Pine View -- 32 miles." Or "Ridgemont -- 220
text: miles." He looks the two roads over, thinks.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Well, that's easy.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. GATES (PINE VIEW, OREGON) - DUSK 29
text: The town is protected by a tall, long palisade. Like Ft.
text: Apache. All is dark as The Postman approaches.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Greetings, Pine View, Oregon!
text: TWO SENTRIES appears from the gate house. They aim
dialog: arrows.
speaker_heading: SENTRY #1
dialog: Just head back the way you came.
dialog: Pine View ain't buying, ain't
dialog: listening and don't give charity.
dialog: A moment of truth is here. Finally, with authority:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Civilian, I'm on official
dialog: business. I demand entry into the
dialog: town of Pine View.
speaker_heading: SENTRY #2
dialog: What the hell are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm through talking to you, buddy
dialog: boy! Now get somebody with
dialog: authority to open this gate!
text: More silhouettes appear on the palisade. One is SHERIFF
text: BRISCOE, a big, no-nonsense man.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: I'm Sheriff Briscoe. Who the hell
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm a representative of the United
dialog: States Government --
text: An uproar. He makes himself heard above it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Authorized by order 417 of the
dialog: restored Congress to reestablish a
dialog: communication route to Idaho and
dialog: lower Oregon. Now open that damn
dialog: gate!
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: What does that mean in English?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm your postman!
text: There's a silent hush.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: (to someone on wall)
dialog: Hand me your gun.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Understand that tampering with or
text: obstructing the mail is a federal
dialog: offense. Furthermore, the Bolin
dialog: Act requires you to provide all
dialog: mail carriers with sanctuary and
dialog: nourishment.
dialog: (starting forward)
dialog: Now open that damn gate!
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: You got three seconds to get your
dialog: ass outta here.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Is Jerry the contractor here?
text: Briscoe pumps his shotgun, aims it at The Postman.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Wait! I'm going to get something
dialog: out of my bag.
text: The Postman dumps the pack over, frantically shuffles
text: through the letters.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: One!
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Paul Davis! 124 Vernon Street!
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Never heard of him. Two!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: 29 CONTINUED: (2) 29
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Lois Kent! 14 Weymoth Lane!
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Three!
text: He fumbles for the last letter. Briscoe takes aim.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Irene March! 478 River Road!
text: There's an absolute stunned silence. Like a switch was
dialog: thrown.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. INSIDE GATES - DAY 30
text: The crowd parts as everyone turns to look back at IRENE
text: MARCH. Mrs. March, in her late 50s, is blind, her eyes
text: clouded by cataracts. In disbelief...
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: Did he say my name?
text: The sense of hope is palpable as the gates are swung back.
text: Two TOWNIES hurry Mrs. March out to meet The Postman.
text: They're followed by a throng. As he sees she's blind...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Oh, no...
text: Too late now. They stop Mrs. March in front of him. She
text: stares off just to his left, a little afraid.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: I'm Irene March.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: I have a letter for you.
text: He presses it into her hands, but she won't take it.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: Would you read it?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm sure it's personal.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: Please. Someone has to.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
text: The Postman has little choice. As he opens the
dialog: envelope...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: We're delivering the old stock
dialog: piles, but I'll accept all new
dialog: correspondence as well.
speaker_heading: TOWNIE
dialog: Just read it, will ya?
text: Excited, the people move closer. Someone holds up a torch
text: and The Postman starts.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: 'Dear Irene. Sorry I haven't
dialog: written. Everything's so crazy.
dialog: The strange weather. The food
dialog: shortages. That farmer Nathan
dialog: Holn causing all that trouble.
dialog: It's hard to understand. David's
dialog: home from the Army. The war was
dialog: over before he even got there.
dialog: Thank God for that. He's still my
dialog: baby no matter how big he gets.
dialog: We're going to miss you for
dialog: Christmas, but maybe next year.
dialog: All our love. Donna.'
text: Mrs. March reaches out a trembling hand to take the
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: My sister in Denver. Fifteen
dialog: years ago. Thank you.
text: The populace erupts with excitement. Mrs. March takes The
text: Postman's hand, clasps it tightly.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: You're a Godsend. A savior.
text: The Postman pulls his hand back, rejects the title.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: No. I'm just... a postman.
text: An almost awesome silence. Too much for The Postman.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I've been on the road a while. I
dialog: could use a little something to
dialog: eat --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: (2) 30
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: Oh, yes, absolutely... Is there
dialog: anything else?
text: The townspeople welcome him with cheers. The Postman
text: raises a silencing hand. As they quiet...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Yes, there is! If there are dogs
dialog: in this town, you have to leash
dialog: them while I'm here!
text: Only The Postman laughs. No one else reacts. Briscoe
text: watches dubiously from the wall as the people surround The
text: Postman and sweep him through the gates and into town.
text: One couple watches The Postman closely as he makes his way
text: into town. She is ABBY -- a sweet-faced, pretty woman.
text: Her husband, MICHAEL, is a decent-looking sort, tall and
text: strong.
scene_heading: 31 INT. ABANDONED HOTEL - ROOM 7 - NIGHT 31
text: A freestanding tub has been set up, water "bucketed" in.
text: The Postman luxuriates in his first hot bath in years and
text: sings a familiar tune to himself.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: 'Stop. Oh, yes, wait a minute,
dialog: Mr. Postman. Waaa-ait, Mr.
dialog: Postman...'
scene_heading: 32 EXT. PARKING LOT (PINE VIEW) - NIGHT 32
text: FORD crosses the parking lot of an abandoned motel. He's
text: a black kid, maybe 16, too young to remember any other
text: life but this. He carries The Postman's uniform on a
dialog: hanger.
scene_heading: 33 INT. ABANDONED HOTEL - ROOM 7 - NIGHT 33
text: The Postman looks up at a KNOCK. Ford steps in. Like
text: most kids, he needs a hero. Holding up the uniform, he
dialog: just found one.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: Cleaned and pressed, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Thanks. Didn't somebody say
dialog: something about dinner?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Yeah, I'm supposed to take you to
dialog: Foster's.
dialog: (extending a hand)
dialog: My name's Ford. Ford Lincoln
dialog: Mercury.
text: The Postman just nods, hoisting himself out of the tub and
text: hurriedly wrapping a towel around himself.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Used to be John Stevens, but I
dialog: changed it on account of I want to
dialog: drive cars.
text: Hoping to impress, Ford reaches into a pocket, pulls out a
text: worn, creased flyer for a "Ford Lincoln Mercury"
text: dealership. Ford finds The Postman just staring at him,
text: waiting for the uniform he's still got in his hand.
text: Embarrassed, Ford quickly hands it over.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. STREET (PINE VIEW) - NIGHT 34
text: Ford leads the way as they leave the motel behind. The
text: Postman looks good in his uniform. They cross a parking
text: lot where five partly-stripped cars have been sitting for
text: years. There's a potted plant outside the driver's door
dialog: of one.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I live in that car. A 2003
dialog: Pontiac Sinatra. With a nine-
text: banger and a Q-eight.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: V-eight. Eight cylinders. That
dialog: means an eight-banger.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (in awe of him)
dialog: Were they fast?
speaker_heading: FORD
text: A buck seventy-five on a strip.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: A buck seventy-five? I thought
dialog: maybe I could fix some of them up.
dialog: It's nothing compared to what you
dialog: do.
dialog: This is the last thing he expected to hear out of this
text: kid's mouth. A moment, then...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: The important thing to remember
dialog: about cars is, you can't eat 'em.
text: Ahead, people are gathered inside an old Foster's Freeze.
scene_heading: 35 INT. FOSTER'S FREEZE (PINE VIEW) - NIGHT 35
text: The townspeople fill the booths, line the walls. They
text: talk excitedly amongst themselves, break into spontaneous
text: applause as Ford and The Postman enter.
text: The Postman is surprised, uncomfortable at this display.
text: But then he sees that a banquet has been laid out on the
text: counter. The centerpiece is a huge vat of steaming stew.
text: The PEOPLE clear a path for him.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Tell us about the government!
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: Yes, tell us everything!
text: Startled, The Postman doesn't quite know what to say.
text: They seat him at a table -- but the food looks miles away.
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: Is there a President?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You know, I'm pretty hungry.
dialog: But these people won't be denied. Finally...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: His name is, uh... Richard
dialog: Starkey. From Maine. He has a
dialog: saying. 'Things are getting
dialog: better, getting better all the
dialog: time.'
text: There's warm applause at that. Several people try the
text: expression out on each other.
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: He a Democrat or a Republican?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: Parties are over with. The
dialog: individual is what counts. You
dialog: vote for the best man.
text: Ellen sets a steaming bowl of stew in front of The
text: Postman. Famished, he digs in.
speaker_heading: MAN #4
dialog: What about Europe? Any word?
text: The Postman tries to speak through a mouthful of food.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Lady Di's in charge. Sixty years
text: old and she still kicks ass.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #3
dialog: Is Nathan Holn still alive?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (smiles at irony)
dialog: He died. Skin cancer.
dialog: That's sure good news to everyone. But...
speaker_heading: WOMAN #4
dialog: And the Holnists? They're still
dialog: out there. What's the government
dialog: going to do about them?
text: The Postman looks at the desperate faces -- he'd rather
dialog: get back to his meal -- but this may be the most important
dialog: question of all. He doesn't want to lie.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: The government's just getting
dialog: started. You're on your own for
dialog: at least eighteen months.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: (2) 35
speaker_heading: MAN #5
dialog: What about the Marines Corp?
text: A clamor of Holnist questions.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Be quiet, everyone! Can't we just
dialog: let this man eat?
text: The people nod and The Postman finally gets to eat. He
text: catches sight of Briscoe watching him from the door.
text: After a moment, Briscoe leaves.
scene_heading: 36 INT. FOSTER'S FREEZE - LATER 36
text: A band plays an odd array of instruments. There's
text: dancing. The Postman sits behind four empty bowls.
text: People watch him eat like it was a religious experience.
text: He pushes back the fifth bowl.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Never thought I'd hear myself say
dialog: this, but I can't eat anymore.
text: He's cut off by the sight of a silent, little boy. The
text: kid's looking up, staring intently at something.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What?
text: The boy just stares.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (re: the cap)
dialog: This?
text: The boy nods. The Postman shakes his head and smiles to
text: himself. He takes off the cap, sets it on the kid's head.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: Almost fits.
text: The boy's eyes go wide with wonder. His stock's gone up
text: 1000%. Before he can rush off to impress his friends,
text: ELLEN -- his mother -- steps over and gently chides him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: That's not a toy, honey. That's
dialog: very important. Give it back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
text: The boy carefully removes the cap, hands it back to The
text: Postman. Ellen smiles gratefully and gently guides her
dialog: son away.
text: The Postman shrugs, turns to find Abby, the pretty woman
text: we saw at the Pine View gates. She smiles at The Postman.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Would you like to dance?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't know if I can, I think I'm
text: still on duty.
text: He laughs. Abby says nothing.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: It's been a long time.
text: Abby holds out her hand like a promise.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: All you got to do is hold on.
speaker_heading: DANCE FLOOR
text: Abby and The Postman dance. She keeps looking him over.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: How tall are you?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: About six feet.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Are you smart?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Smarter than some I guess. Why?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Just wondering. Did you ever have
dialog: the bad mumps?
text: The Postman smiles. She's odd, but beautiful.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Never had the bad mumps.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: (2) 36
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Have you ever had herpes or
dialog: syphilis or anything like that?
text: He shakes his head "no." They continue to dance.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: So as far as you know, you have
dialog: good semen?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Is that a trick question?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I don't mean to be nosy. I'm only
dialog: asking because I want you to make
dialog: me pregnant.
text: Stunned, The Postman stops dancing. Abby takes this
dialog: moment to grab Michael.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: It's got to be the uniform.
text: Abby takes Michael's arm, introduces him proudly.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: This is my husband. Michael.
text: Michael smiles, shakes hands with a grave-digger's grip.
text: The Postman doesn't know what to think.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: We've been trying to have a baby
dialog: for three years. We can't on
dialog: account of Michael had the bad
dialog: mumps when he was twelve. So we
dialog: need a body father. We could ask
dialog: a man here, but it could cause
dialog: trouble. I've seen it happen.
dialog: Things go okay until the woman
dialog: starts to show. Then it can be
dialog: bad. But you'll only be around
dialog: once in awhile with the mail.
text: The Postman just stares at them. Abby looks to Michael.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: He hasn't said 'no'.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: (3) 36
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (undaunted)
dialog: What do you say, mister? You'd be
dialog: doing us a favor.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'll have to think about it.
text: The Postman excuses himself with a nod and turns away,
text: shaking his head at the strangeness of this new world.
dialog: But no rest for the wicked, as soon as he's free from Abby
text: and Michael, he's running smack into another group of
text: well-wishing TOWNIES. Mrs. March is among them. She's
text: holding an envelope.
speaker_heading: TOWNIE #1
dialog: Mrs. March wants to give you
dialog: something.
dialog: (to Mrs. March)
dialog: He's right here, Irene.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: (re: letter)
dialog: It's to my daughter Annie. She
dialog: left five years ago. She was only
dialog: fifteen. The last I heard, she
dialog: was living up north...
text: The Postman swallows hard, looks from the envelope to the
text: faces around him, to Mrs. March. She looks blindly back.
dialog: How can he lie to her?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Look, Mrs. March, you should know
dialog: that...
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Know that...
text: But she stops him, grabs for his hand.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARCH
dialog: I have a feeling about you. I
dialog: know you'll do what's right.
text: Her hand leaves his and she disappears into the crowd.
text: She's left him with her letter and no choice at all.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I got to get out of here.
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. PINE VIEW - NIGHT 37
text: The Postman moves through town. The streets are deserted.
text: He's got his pack on, his mailbag. He passes a 7-11
text: converted to a blacksmith shop. There's a horse tethered
text: to the railing in front of it. He grins; maybe he's going
text: to make it out of here after all. As he starts to move
text: toward the horse...
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (O.S.)
text: It's right around the corner.
text: An OLD MAN sits on his porch across the street.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (freezes, startled)
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What you're looking for.
text: The Old Man winks knowingly, then heads inside. As The
text: Postman turns the corner, he finds himself in front of the
text: post office. An old brick building. Chiseled in the
text: granite facing: "UNITED STATES POST OFFICE. EST. 1884."
scene_heading: 38 INT. POST OFFICE (PINE VIEW) - NIGHT 38
dialog: Long ago stripped, it still has a proud, official, almost
text: holy feel. The Postman wanders in, stops to read the
text: credo calligraphied on the wall. "Neither snow, nor
text: rain..." He turns at a SOUND. Ford is here, leaning
text: against a wall.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I knew you'd come here.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You did, huh?
text: Ford nods. A sage sixteen-year-old.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: How do you get to be a postman,
dialog: anyhow?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You have to be in the right place
dialog: at the right time.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: How could I do it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I thought you wanted to drive
dialog: cars.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Not anymore. That was kid's
dialog: stuff. This is real. So, where's
dialog: the right place?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Could be anywhere. Anytime. Only
dialog: another postman can make you a
dialog: postman.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Kinda like vampires, right?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Something like that. You have to
dialog: be sworn in.
text: Ford raises his right hand, palm out, ready to take the
text: oath. It takes The Postman a moment to realize.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: The organization's kinda shaky.
dialog: It might not last.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What does?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You'd meet a lot of people who
dialog: don't believe in you.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'll set them straight.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: It's a lonely job.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I've been lonely all my life.
text: This response strikes a chord. The Postman sees how badly
text: Ford wants something to hold onto. He sees himself.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: So have I, Ford. So have I.
text: The Postman looks up at the creed on the wall. Finally...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (2) 38
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What the hell? Repeat after me.
speaker_heading: POSTMAN/FORD
dialog: (repeating)
dialog: Neither snow, nor rain, nor heat
dialog: nor gloom of night stays these
text: couriers from the swift completion
dialog: of their appointed rounds.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Okay then.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (repeating)
dialog: Okay, then.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: No, no, no, I'm saying that. You
dialog: just listen... By my authority you
dialog: are now empowered to carry the
dialog: mail.
dialog: (extends a hand)
dialog: Congratulations, you're a postman.
text: They shake hands. The Postman doesn't realize, but this
text: is the most important moment in Ford's life.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I want you to know I'd die to get
dialog: a letter through.
text: Ford's intensity takes The Postman back. But the moment
dialog: is broken when...
speaker_heading: BRISCOE (O.S.)
dialog: Johnny, why don't you run along.
dialog: I need to speak to this man.
text: Ford bristles at "Johnny," looks to The Postman.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'll see you around.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Sure thing, Ford.
text: Ford exits.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Johnny's real impressed with you.
dialog: Whole town's real impressed with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (3) 38
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I take it you're not.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Smarter than you look.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What can I do for you, Sheriff?
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: You can clear out. Or I can throw
dialog: you out. Either way suits me
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm afraid you don't understand,
dialog: Sheriff. I'm a government
dialog: employee. Authorized by --
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: You're not authorized by shit.
dialog: You're nothing but a drifter who
dialog: found a bag of mail. And I want
dialog: you out of my town.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: This is going in my report.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: These people don't need dreams,
dialog: Mr. Postman. They need something
dialog: real. They need help with the
dialog: goddamn Holnists. Are you going
dialog: to bring them that?
dialog: (as The Postman
dialog: doesn't answer)
dialog: Didn't think so. All you cost us
text: so far is a few bowls of soup and
text: maybe later a few broken hearts.
dialog: I aim to keep it that way. You
dialog: can stay till morning. Then I
dialog: don't ever want to see you again.
text: Briscoe exits, leaves The Postman alone in the post
dialog: office.
scene_heading: 39 INT. ABANDONED HOTEL - ROOM 7 - NIGHT 39
text: The Postman arrives home. He pushes open the door,
text: knocking over a stack of letters that have been shoved
text: under the door. He gathers them up, flips through them.
text: They're written on scraps, the backs of pictures, on
text: handkerchiefs and homemade paper. They aren't old.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: 39
text: They're brand new. Shaking his head, he closes the door.
text: The Postman has no sooner done so when there's a KNOCK on
text: the window. He looks over at a woman. She shrugs,
text: smiles, holds up a letter. The Postman sighs; he's
dialog: trapped in here.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. FOSTER'S FREEZE - NIGHT 40
text: CAMERA STARTS ON a man with a string-tied package crossing
text: the streets and DRIFTS TO the abandoned car where Ford
text: lives. He's home.
speaker_heading: ON FORD
text: Concentrating, Ford holds a needle and thread and a piece
text: of cloth on which he's drawn an approximation of the post
text: office shoulder patch. By moonlight he embroiders it in.
dialog: Not exactly work you'd pay money for, but not bad either.
scene_heading: 41 INT. ABANDONED HOTEL - ROOM 7 - CLOSE ON STRING-TIED 41
scene_heading: PACKAGE - NIGHT
text: ~from the previous scene. It's on the table with a
text: growing stack of mail.
text: The Postman is in bed, trying to sleep. But it's hard-
text: coming. He laces his fingers behind his head, stares up
text: at the moon through a hole in the wall. A KNOCK at the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Just leave it.
text: There's a pause. And then, ANOTHER KNOCK.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I said leave it.
text: The door opens. Surprise. Abby stands in the doorway,
text: her hair held up by an old red ribbon. He sits up.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Hello, Abby.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: You'll be leaving tomorrow?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: 41 CONTINUED: 41
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: (enters; closes door)
dialog: Everybody's up late writing
dialog: letters for you to take. We're
dialog: not supposed to waste candles like
dialog: that, but they're so excited.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: How about you? Do you have a
dialog: letter?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I don't have anybody to write to.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'll find you a pen pal. Someone
dialog: with interests similar to your
text: own. Dancing, checking for mumps.
text: Abby laughs. The Postman is charmed.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: You're funny. Hardly anyone's
dialog: funny around here.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I guess no one feels much like
text: laughing.
text: The two of them just look at each other a moment. Abby
text: fingers the ribbon in her hair.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Have you decided yet?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Oh, well, I've been thinking about
dialog: it.
text: A beat. Abby lets her shift drop to the floor, then
text: slides under the sheets alongside him.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Sure. Why not?
text: They lie there awkwardly for a moment. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: God, you're beautiful. Sorry, I
dialog: know you'd probably like to keep
dialog: things more clinical.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You don't even know my name.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: 41 CONTINUED: (2) 41
text: She shushes him, covers his mouth with her hand.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I don't want to.
text: He nods he understands. She stares into his eyes.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: It would be easier for me if you
dialog: closed your eyes.
text: The Postman closes his eyes. Abby slides her hand away
text: from his mouth. And as they start to make love...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 42 INT. ABANDONED HOTEL - ROOM 7 - DAY 42
text: The Postman wakes, reaches for the warm body that was
text: there last night. But Abby is gone. All that's left
text: behind is her red ribbon. Wistful, he picks it up.
scene_heading: 43 EXT. ABANDONED HOTEL - DAY 43
text: The Postman exits. In uniform, his bag slung over his
text: shoulder. He starts then stops short. Only now do we see
text: most of the townspeople have silently assembled here.
text: They've been waiting for him, starving for him.
text: Ford steps up, hands him another fresh packet of letters.
text: The Postman sees that Ford hangs on to four or five.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What about those?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: These are going to Blue Jay.
dialog: About twenty miles east. I
dialog: thought I could take them.
text: The Postman scans the crowd. Looking for Abby maybe?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (absently)
dialog: Okay. They're yours.
text: Briscoe rides up, regards The Postman sternly.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: I'm your escort out of town.
text: Some of the town's CITIZENS lead up a saddled mare.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 43 CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: CITIZEN #1
dialog: We took a vote, Mr. Postman. We
dialog: want you to have this horse.
speaker_heading: CITIZEN #2
dialog: Now don't say no. A man on
dialog: horseback can cover ten times the
text: territory of a man on foot.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (smiles at Briscoe)
dialog: I'll take it.
text: He ties his mailbag to the saddle, swings himself up.
speaker_heading: CITIZEN #3
text: There's a bedroll, some oats and a
dialog: week's rations.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: CITIZEN #1
dialog: Where do you figure you'll go from
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Go?... Oh yeah... I'll head west,
dialog: then work my way back here in a
dialog: sort of figure eight.
text: "8." Everyone's quiet a moment. They shift
text: uncomfortably. The Postman looks out at the crowd. They
text: crave hope. He should probably just keep his mouth shut.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Times seem hard right now. But
dialog: you have to believe it's getting
text: better. Birds are migrating
text: again. The rains are back.
dialog: The people consider him and then each other. By God, they
text: do feel hopeful. Suddenly, Ellen, her little boy by her
text: side, begins to sing. It's weak at first, but one-by-one
text: the others join in. Soon the whole town is singing:
scene_heading: ELLEN &amp; TOWN
dialog: 'Oh beautiful for spacious skies,
dialog: for amber waves of grain. For
text: purple mountain's majesty, above
dialog: the fruited plain. America...'
text: The Postman looks around. They sing their hearts out.
text: The guilt is overwhelming. He digs his heels into the
text: horse's flanks and rides out of town.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: 44 EXT. PALISADE GATES (PINE VIEW) - DAY 44
text: People line the top as The Postman and Briscoe ride out.
text: The strains of "AMERICA" still in the background.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: You got a helluva nerve, whoever
dialog: you are.
text: The Postman doesn't rise to the bait.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Is Abby around?
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
text: She and Michael are working the
dialog: north meadow this morning.
text: Briscoe reins up -- he's gone as far as his duty commands.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Well, you're on your own.
text: The Postman tips his cap and continues riding by "Pine
text: View - Population 132." Briscoe watches a moment, then
dialog: calls after him:
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Hey! Are you really who you say
dialog: you are?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: If I come back with some mail,
dialog: you'll know!
text: The Postman continues. Caught in an inner turmoil,
text: Briscoe reaches into his pocket, and pulls out a letter.
text: He turns it over in his hands, looks off at The Postman.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: God damn it!
text: Briscoe urges his horse forward, catches up. He hands The
text: Postman the letter, then rides back for town. The Postman
text: watches Briscoe. The people lining the wall. And he
text: realizes just what effect he's had. There's nothing to
text: do, but shrug his shoulders and ride. Strains of
text: "AMERICA" still ECHO hauntingly OVER:
scene_heading: 45 EXT. ON ROAD - SUN 45
text: A green and lavender sunset. In the middle of nowhere,
text: The Postman rides, chewing a piece of jerked beef. He
text: flips through some of the letters entrusted to him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: 45 CONTINUED: 45
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Eugene. Benning. Portland.
dialog: (stops short)
dialog: Boston!
dialog: (resumes)
dialog: Seattle. Boise... St. Rose,
dialog: Paradise on the Pacific...
text: He considers the letter, looks around as if someone may be
text: watching. He just begins to tear the corner, then stops.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Maybe one thing can still be
dialog: sacred.
dialog: (to horse)
dialog: All in all, not a bad gig, huh?
text: The HORSE SNORTS. Smiling, The Postman shoves the
text: envelope into his bag. As he does, he finds something
text: else. The red ribbon. He runs it through his fingers,
text: thinks wistfully of Abby. Then, like a knight of old
text: representing a lady's honor, he ties it to his mailbag and
dialog: rides on.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. WELL (PINE VIEW) - DAY 46
text: Abby's washing clothes with a tub and washboard. Waging
text: war on dirt. Michael leans against a tree, watches Abby
text: at work until she notices him. She wipes the sweat from
text: her brow, tries not to smile.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Everything.
text: He steps over and they're in each other's arms. This is
text: love. But as Michael kisses her, we hear a familiar
dialog: alarm:
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Holnists! Holnists are coming!
scene_heading: 47 EXT. PALISADE GATES (PINE VIEW) - DAY 47
text: Led by Bethlehem and Getty, the soldiers ride in.
text: Something about the citizens disturbs Bethlehem.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: They don't usually look at me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: 47
text: Bethlehem reins in across from the post office. Someone
text: has hung a tattered old American flag.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Who's responsible for that?!
text: No one answers. All heads are down now.
scene_heading: 48 INT. POST OFFICE - DAY 48
text: Ford is sweeping up. The place looks almost presentable.
text: He stops when he hears Bethlehem calling once more for the
dialog: responsible party.
text: Ford starts forward. Suddenly Briscoe is blocking his
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Holnists, Johnny. You gotta stay
text: out of sight.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm a postman. And I'm not hiding
dialog: from anyone. I --
text: Briscoe grabs him by the shirt, hauls him out the back
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: You stay out of this, or I'll lock
dialog: you up myself damnit.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. PINE VIEW - DAY 49
text: Bethlehem picks Michael out of the crowd.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You. You'll be responsible.
dialog: (to soldiers)
dialog: Get him a torch.
text: Michael walks out into the square. One of the soldiers
text: returns with a burning torch, gives it to Michael.
text: Bethlehem looks at the town, then at Michael.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Set that flag on fire.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
speaker_heading: ON MICHAEL
text: It's killing him, but Michael sets the torch to the flag.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Now throw it through the window of
dialog: your 'post office.'
text: CRASH! The TORCH goes through the post office WINDOW.
speaker_heading: ON FORD
text: Struggling to get out, but Briscoe blocks his way.
speaker_heading: ON BETHLEHEM
text: As flames grow, he takes one last look around.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: The United States doesn't exist.
dialog: That flag is an abomination.
text: Briscoe steps forward, attempts to diffuse the situation.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: General Bethlehem.
dialog: (as Bethlehem turns)
dialog: We're gathering the tribute, sir.
dialog: Can I take your wagons?
text: Bethlehem decides not to kill anyone, looks to Getty.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Make sure that fire doesn't go
dialog: out.
text: The General joins Briscoe.
text: Tears on his cheeks, Ford watches the post office burn.
scene_heading: 50 EXT. PARKING LOT (PINE VIEW) - EARLY EVENING 50
text: Bethlehem relaxes with his officers as wagons are loaded.
text: Michael is just passing with a sack of grain on his
text: shoulder, when Bethlehem looks across the street -- spies
text: Abby and some of the other women sewing grain sacks shut.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Good Lord. That, gentlemen, is a
dialog: first-rate piece of ass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: 50
text: Michael overhears. He looks over as Bethlehem's men nod
text: in agreement. Michael sees that they're talking about
dialog: Abby.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Tell the Sheriff I want to be
dialog: introduced. She does not belong
text: in a mudhole like this.
text: One of the men hurries off. It's concern for Abby, not
text: for his manhood that makes him step forward.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (looks over)
dialog: You again?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That's my wife, General. She's a
dialog: married woman.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Do you know what system of
dialog: government we have here, son?
dialog: (as Michael shrugs)
dialog: A feudal system. Like the Middle
text: Ages. With lords and vassals.
dialog: That's you and me. Those lords,
dialog: they had some ideas. If a vassal
dialog: got married, it was the lord's
dialog: right, his right, to sleep with
text: the bride on the wedding night.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Me and Abby have been married for
dialog: three years.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Sorry, but I wasn't invited to the
dialog: wedding. Now, you've already done
dialog: me one favor, son. Don't let this
text: be a black mark on an otherwise
dialog: perfect record.
speaker_heading: ABBY
text: Another woman has pointed out to her what's going on. She
text: can't hear what's being said, but she watches, concerned.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: (2) 50
speaker_heading: PARKING LOT
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: We'll be civilized about this. I
dialog: want you to give me your blessing.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sir, I can't. You can't.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Can't? I'm tired of can't. We
dialog: had a great nation once. Do you
dialog: know what made it that way? I
dialog: can! Till the weak came along.
dialog: The 'I can'ts' destroyed us. But
dialog: I'm going to make us strong again.
dialog: I'm going to be the father of a
dialog: new nation.
dialog: (draws his sword)
dialog: Do you know why it will be me?
text: Michael looks to Abby as she starts across the street.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Because I can!
text: The SWORD WHISTLES down. Accompanied by an anguished cry:
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Michael!
text: Abby rushes forward, but she's blocked by Getty and
text: another man. She cries out again and again.
text: Filled with impotent fury, Briscoe squeezes out the words.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: You didn't have to --
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Didn't have to what, Sheriff?
text: Three Holnist soldiers draw down on Briscoe. Bethlehem
text: circles, menacing on his horse.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Your people seem seditious. You
dialog: seem seditious.
text: Briscoe stares down at Michael's crumpled form. Abby
text: wails.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: (3) 50
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Aw, Michael...
text: Briscoe might go after Bethlehem despite the odds.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: What am I seeing here? I'm
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: (burying his anger)
dialog: Man came through here. With mail.
dialog: Said he was a postman. Said the
dialog: government had been restored back
dialog: east.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: What government?
text: From out of the crowd -- a voice. Ford.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: The United States government.
text: Bethlehem whirls his horse at the noise.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Who said that?
text: Not waiting for an answer, Getty charges the crowd, knocks
text: one of the onlookers down. A dead silence.
text: Bethlehem frowns, thinks it over a minute.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Which way did he go?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Do not make me ask again.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: (lies)
dialog: East.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (to Getty)
dialog: Send a patrol east. Send three
text: more south, north and west.
dialog: (to Briscoe)
dialog: They'd better find him east.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. PALISADE GATES (PINE VIEW) - NIGHT 51
text: The Holnist army rides out. Overcome by grief, tied at
text: the wrists, Abby stumbles behind one of the wagons.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. BURNT-OUT POST OFFICE - NIGHT 52
text: Before the smoking ruins, Ford pulls on a blue shirt, his
text: homemade postal flag on the shoulder. As Briscoe steps
text: up, Ford shows him a bundle of singed, but intact letters.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I managed to save these.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: (re: shirt)
dialog: Take that thing off, Johnny. You
dialog: want to die, too?
text: Ford shoves the letters in a makeshift bag, then climbs
text: onto his waiting pony.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm headed south. With the mail.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: (grabs harness)
dialog: Don't be a damn fool.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What kind should I be?... Haw!
text: Ford digs his heels into the pony and is off in a flash
dialog: doing damn near a buck seventy-five.
scene_heading: 53 INT. MOVIE THEATER (BENNING, OREGON) - DAY 53
text: Mail call. The Postman stands in front of the torn
text: screen. Hoping for glory by association, the smiling
text: Mayor stands beside him. The ragged people of Benning
text: clamor in front. Kids smile up at him as he calls out
dialog: names:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Rachel Clark!
dialog: (as she's there)
dialog: Charlie Sykes!
dialog: (as he's there)
dialog: Graham Druitt!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: G.D. died last winter of flu.
text: The Postman nods, sticks the letter back in his bag.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: That's it for now, folks.
dialog: There'll be more once a real
text: system is in place.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
text: As usual, The Postman is assaulted with questions.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Tell us about President Starkey!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What about New York City? Did
dialog: they survive the plague?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Survive? They got Broadway up and
dialog: running again. There's a kid
dialog: doing Andrew Lloyd Webber like you
dialog: wouldn't believe.
text: An older woman sheds a happy tear -- this is wonderful
dialog: news.
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: How much is it to mail a letter?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (smiles)
text: A buck seventy-five.
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: That sounds awful cheap.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: The catch is the only currency
dialog: recognized are silver American
dialog: coins minted before 1964 and two
dialog: dollar bills. Look for Thomas
dialog: Jefferson. Of course, food is
dialog: always acceptable as barter.
text: The moment is split by a SIREN.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. BENNING, OREGON - DAY 54
text: A long double-line of Holnist Cavalry stand in formation
text: in front of the city walls made from stacks of crushed
text: cars. On top, a SKINNY SENTRY CRANKS the SIREN while a
text: CHUBBY SENTRY watches.
text: Bethlehem rides through them with Abby in tow -- her
text: wrists tied by a rope which is looped around the pommel of
text: Bethlehem's saddle. Her face is bruised, her bottom lip
text: split. Bethlehem reins up, puzzled by the apparent stall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: (rides up; salutes)
dialog: They won't open the gates, sir.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: They say they got a representative
dialog: of the restored United States in
dialog: there. They say this army is
dialog: illegal. They say --
text: The Chubby Sentry answers from the top of the palisade.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY SENTRY
dialog: Drop dead and go to hell!
text: The Chubby Sentry disappears back behind cover. Bethlehem
text: remains controlled, but his manner becomes deadly.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: The Romans had an expression they
dialog: used to scare their children.
dialog: 'Hannibal ad portas!' -- Hannibal
dialog: is at the gates. Do you know who
dialog: Hannibal was?
dialog: (as she doesn't answer)
dialog: Of course not. A pretty girl like
dialog: you wouldn't know a thing.
dialog: (to Getty)
dialog: Colonel Getty, get some men up
dialog: there and open that gate.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. INSIDE GATES - DAY 55
text: The Mayor hurries over, The Postman following reluctantly
text: behind. The Mayor spots the Sentries up on the parapet.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: What the hell are you doing?!
dialog: Open the gates!
speaker_heading: SKINNY SENTRY
dialog: Government's restored! We don't
dialog: have to take their crap anymore!
scene_heading: 56 EXT. PALISADE GATES (BENNING) - DAY 56
text: Two Holnists scale the gates. They're near the top when
text: the Skinny Sentry appears. He FIRES an ARROW. Hit
text: through the shoulder, one Holnist falls. The other jumps.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 57 EXT. PARAPET - INSIDE WALLS - DAY 57
text: Chubby and Skinny duck down behind the safety of the
text: walls, trading high-fives.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. PALISADE GATES (BENNING) - DAY 58
text: Bethlehem orders his men to pull back. He shakes his
text: head, a quiet rage building. But he knows there's no
dialog: military threat here. It's going to be a massacre.
scene_heading: 59 EXT. PARAPET - INSIDE WALLS - DAY 59
text: Climbing an inside ladder, the Mayor slams the Chubby
text: Sentry against the wall.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Idiots!
speaker_heading: CITIZEN #1
dialog: (realizing; scared)
dialog: They're gonna kill us all.
text: The Mayor peers out through an observation hole. The
text: Postman and several others join him.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY SENTRY
dialog: No! Let's fight them!
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: With what? We got five guns maybe
dialog: 20 rounds of ammo in the whole
dialog: town! How do we fight them with
dialog: that?!
text: The Postman watches the Holnists prepare for attack.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You don't. Negotiate a
dialog: settlement. Give them extra
dialog: supplies.
text: The men look at each other. Sounds reasonable enough.
speaker_heading: MAYOR
dialog: Okay. You're a government rep.
dialog: You go tell them.
text: The look on The Postman's face says it all.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. GATES (BENNING, OREGON) - DAY 60
text: They open enough to let the Postman ride out, then close
text: behind him. He sits nervously on his horse waving a white
text: flag. He's met, dismounts and is led to a command post
text: where Bethlehem is studying a rough map of the town.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Make it quick. I've got an attack
dialog: to coordinate.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: General, um, they've asked me to
dialog: negotiate a peace treaty.
dialog: The last time he and Bethlehem were face-to-face, the
text: Postman had a shaved head, was dressed in rags, and was
text: covered with cuts and bruises. Bethlehem can't place him,
text: but there's something familiar all the same.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Do I know you?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't think so, sir. I --
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (scans uniform)
dialog: You're the Postman, aren't you?
speaker_heading: ABBY
text: watches from the flap of Bethlehem's tent. The guard sees
text: and shoves her back inside.
scene_heading: BETHLEHEM AND THE POSTMAN
text: Bethlehem flicks at the uniform flag shoulder patch.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: The restored United States. Do
dialog: these people really believe that
dialog: shit? Who are you really?
text: Although he wants to confess everything, something tells
text: The Postman he has to try to brass it out.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I am a United States Postman.
dialog: Authorized by order 417 of the
dialog: restored Congress to --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: I was at the Battle of Georgetown.
dialog: I watched the White House burn to
dialog: the ground. Don't try to sell me
dialog: on any restored U.S...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: The new capital is based in
dialog: Minneapolis. Inside the Hubert
dialog: Humphrey Metrodome. You know,
dialog: where the Vikings used to play?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You're funny. Now, what are the
dialog: terms?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: They'll open the gate and give you
dialog: double what they usually give.
dialog: Just don't hurt anybody. This was
dialog: all a misunderstanding.
text: Bethlehem thinks this over.
scene_heading: 61 INT. ABBY'S TENT - DAY 61
text: Abby tracks the guard's silhouette through the canvas.
text: Her eyes search the tent -- land on the cot in the corner
text: and focus on its heavy, wooden legs.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. GATES - DAY 62
dialog: Bethlehem has decided.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Appreciate your offer, Postman.
dialog: Problem is, you're in no position
dialog: to negotiate. These people made
dialog: it through the bugs and the riots
dialog: and the three year winter. But
dialog: they're not going to survive you.
text: Bethlehem looks to Getty and nods. Getty motions to a
text: gunner. The MONSTER GUN is FIRED. Just as a SHELL
text: EXPLODES against the gates --
scene_heading: 63 INT. ABBY'S TENT - DAY 63
text: Abby brings the heavy wooden cot leg down on the
text: unsuspecting guard's head.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: 64 EXT. CITY GATES - DAY 64
text: The cavalry ride through roiling smoke into the open town.
text: Horrified, The Postman steps forward, but rifles are on
text: him. All he can do is watch. The Mayor is the first to
dialog: go down.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Law six, justice can be dictated.
dialog: (to soldiers)
dialog: Kill him. And kill the restored
dialog: United States with him.
text: Bethlehem turns his attention to the battle. A CAPTAIN
text: steps forward with gun raised.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (by rote)
dialog: In accordance with law eight and
dialog: by the authority of Emergency
dialog: Order 46, you are hereby --
text: A CRACK of RIFLE FIRE. The Captain's forehead explodes
text: and he falls to the ground.
text: Shocked, Bethlehem whirls for the source of the GUNFIRE.
text: Abby! FIRING from a position behind a supply wagon.
text: But even as Bethlehem turns, an ARROW SINGS in and lodges
text: in his arm. Fired from a pocket of sentries up on the
text: palisade. Bethlehem bellows in outrage and pain.
text: The Postman takes advantage of the moment of chaos to grab
text: the fallen Captain's gun.
text: He pulls a Holnist rider from his horse and swings into
text: the saddle. The unhorsed rider goes for his gun. But
text: once more SHOTS RING OUT and he goes down.
text: Bethlehem ducks as another BULLET ZINGS close. Too close.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Get her.
text: Two soldiers move forward.
text: Suddenly The Postman's HORSE comes THUNDERING -- trampling
text: the Holnist nearest him.
text: The other Holnist hears, looks back, sees The Postman
text: coming and takes aim just as The Postman brings his gun to
dialog: bear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
dialog: The Holnist FIRES first. We don't see the hit. Just
text: watch as The Postman FIRES an answering ROUND. The
text: Holnist goes down.
text: The Postman reins up alongside the wagon. Grunting with
text: pain, he reaches down, takes Abby's arm and swings her up
text: behind him. Then digs his heels in for all he's worth.
text: More Holnists come on the run. They FIRE. The HORSE
text: SNORTS in pain. He's hit. But The Postman urges him on,
text: heading into the woods.
text: Bethlehem snaps off the arrow shaft and shouts:
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Colonel Getty!
scene_heading: 65 EXT. WOODLAND ROAD - DAY 65
text: Abby is concerned as the horse slows to a trot.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: We can't stop now. They'll be
dialog: coming after us.
text: The Postman's head lolls forward. She feels something on
text: her hand, pulls it back smeared with blood. The Postman's
text: shot in the belly.
text: The horse is failing. Near death.
text: We hear the sound of PURSUING CAVALRY. Abby urges the
text: horse off the road. When the thicket grows too dense,
text: Abby jumps down. She catches The Postman as he slides
text: off, easing him to the ground.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (disoriented)
dialog: Abby...
text: Abby shushes him. She pulls on the horse's bridle to
dialog: force him farther along. But it's no good, the wounded
text: horse goes down on its knees.
text: And five RIDERS THUNDER past. Fooled. All but the SIXTH,
text: who pulls up to listen.
text: In the deep b.g., flames lick at the billowing black
text: smoke. The town is burning.
text: The HORSE WHINNIES: in its death throes. Abby panics,
text: tries to quiet the horse.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED: 65
text: The Sixth Soldier has heard the suffering horse. He draws
text: his rifle from the saddle boot and starts into the
dialog: thicket.
scene_heading: ON ABBY AND POSTMAN
text: The Postman lies unconscious on the ground. Abby sits
text: beside him, rifle in hand. The Sixth Soldier appears.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Don't move.
text: He hesitates at first. Then dismounts and moves toward
text: her. Abby cocks the rifle.
speaker_heading: SIXTH SOLDIER
dialog: If you'd had a bullet, you'd a
dialog: used it by now.
text: Moving closer still, he doesn't see the BRANCH pulled back
text: in The Postman's hand until it SNAPS hard into his face.
text: He stumbles back.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: You're right.
text: Abby dashes out, rifle in hand. She swings for the
text: bleachers. The butt catches the side of the Sixth
text: Soldier's head. He falls hard.
text: The Postman's eyes flutter. Dazed, he watches as Abby
text: pilfers through the Soldier's gear. She takes everything
text: of value: a knife, bullets, a canteen. His eyes flutter
dialog: closed.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. WOODS - DAY 66
text: Snowflakes swirl. Abby lays a sapling travois beside The
text: Postman. He groans as she rolls him onto it, tucks a
text: blanket around him. Using all the strength God gave her,
text: Abby lifts one end, gets it high enough to hitch it to the
text: Sixth Soldier's horse. As Abby leads the horse away...
scene_heading: 67 EXT. WOOD ROAD - DAY 67
text: The snow has increased. A Holnist patrol moves down the
text: road, disappears around a bend. A beat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: 67
text: Abby appears, leading the horse and travois. She crosses
text: the road and disappears into the woods.
text: A moment later, she reappears with a pine branch which she
text: uses to brush at the snow, obscuring their tracks.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. CASCADE MOUNTAINS (OREGON) - DAY 68
text: Riding into a blizzard, Abby leads the way up a zigzag
text: path. A valley opens up below. The unconscious Postman
text: lies bundled on the travois.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. HUNTING SHACK - DUSK 69
text: A little square shape just visible beyond a creek. Abby
text: leads the horse and travois-bound Postman to it.
scene_heading: 70 INT. HUNTING SHACK - DUSK 70
text: One room. Dirt floor. The WINDOWS RATTLE in the WIND.
text: Snow falls through a hole in the roof. The wooden DOOR
text: BURSTS back and Abby enters. Half-frozen, she leads the
text: horse and the travois right inside.
scene_heading: 71 INT. HUNTING SHACK - NIGHT 71
text: A fire has been lit.
text: The Postman lies unconscious, his shirt open as Abby
text: washes around his wound. She pulls the shirt back to
text: clean his chest. The material falls away and Abby stops
text: short. There -- high on his biceps -- a branded "8." She
text: stares in disbelief.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 72 INT. HUNTING SHACK - DAY 72
text: The Postman lies on a cot below the window. He's
text: conscious, but pale as a ghost.
text: Abby brings him a bowl of soup. Very thin soup. Stirring
text: it with a spoon, The Postman smiles at Abby.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Thank you.
text: She turns her back on him without a word. The Postman
text: tries an exchange just the same.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't think I ever had water
dialog: soup before. Maybe next time we
dialog: could try it with a little sand?
dialog: (as she doesn't respond)
dialog: Dirt? Wood?
dialog: (as she doesn't smile)
dialog: A twig garnish?
text: She goes about her business in silence.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You used to think I was funny.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: They killed Michael.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: He takes a spoonful of soup and she comes to him.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: How sorry are you?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
text: Her right hand flashes out, holds a knife up under his
dialog: chin.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What's with you?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: You got the mark of eight on you.
text: A long beat. Finally, he swallows the soup in his mouth.
text: The action presses his Adam's apple against the blade.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: A mark doesn't mean I'm a --
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: You're a liar. I should've let
dialog: you die.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Then, why didn't you?
text: If she knows, she's not ready to say yet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: (2) 72
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You were with Bethlehem. Does
dialog: that make you one of them?
text: Abby considers this, The Postman's gaze flickers down to
text: the spoon he still holds in his hand. Taking one last
text: stab at a joke.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (re: the spoon)
dialog: Don't make me use this.
text: Abby doesn't laugh. But she does relent. She steps away.
scene_heading: 73 EXT. HUNTING SHACK/VALLEY PASS - SUNSET 73
text: The hunting shack huddled against the south side of a low
text: rise. Beyond the rise, a pass. But there's no
text: negotiating it now. It's completely snowed in. And
text: another storm is on the way.
scene_heading: 74 INT. HUNTING SHACK - DAY 74
text: WIND HOWLING in the b.g. The Postman lies back on his
text: cot. The little shack has been scoured clean. Abby
text: stares listlessly at the fire. The silence is torture.
text: The Postman tries to strike up a conversation.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Wind's come up.
dialog: (no response from
dialog: Abby)
dialog: Getting colder too. Must be
dialog: another storm --
text: Abby gets up and throws a log on the fire.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I didn't mean for you to --
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Your legs are going to rot off if
dialog: you don't try to walk.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm hurt.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: You're lazy.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Lazy?! I got a hole in my
dialog: stomach. I'm weak. The two big
dialog: meals around here are grass and
dialog: snow. And we're running out of
dialog: grass.
text: As the two of them glare at each other for a moment. Abby
text: starts to put on her coat.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Where are you going?
text: Abby doesn't answer. She picks up the rifle and starts to
text: lead the horse outside.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You're not leaving me here, are
dialog: you?
text: Abby is out the door without a word.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. HUNTING SHACK - DAY 75
text: HOLD ON The Postman in the window as she continues past.
text: He watches a moment, suddenly grimaces. A GUNSHOT. The
text: THUD of a BODY SLAMMING to the GROUND. Abby has shot the
dialog: horse.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 EXT. HUNTING SHACK/PASS - SUNRISE 76
text: Tiny tracks in the snow, leading away from the shack.
text: Abby struggles to make the monumental climb from the shack
text: to the top of the rise where she can get a clear view of
dialog: the pass.
text: PAN PAST her UP TO the top of the rise. It's a clear day
text: -- but the pass is still snowed-in. No sign of winter
text: receding.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 77 INT. HUNTING SHACK - DAY 77
text: Abby ladles a meager portion of horse meat stew into a
dialog: bowl.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: ABBY
text: This is the last of it.
text: She walks with the bowl past The Postman -- who sits on
text: his cot with arms outstretched -- and pointedly sets the
text: bowl on the table.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (mumbled)
dialog: Give me a break...
text: Abby starts putting on layer after layer of clothing.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I'm going to check the pass.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Why are you in such a hurry to get
dialog: out of here? I can think of worse
dialog: places. And worse company to --
text: And with the SLAM of the DOOR she is gone.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 78 INT. HUNTING SHACK - DAY 78
text: A few flakes of snow have begun to drift down. The
text: Postman sits at the window -- starts to play tic-tac-toe
text: in the frost. But then it dawns on him:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You can't play tic-tac-toe with
dialog: yourself.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. WOODS - DAY 79
text: Disoriented, Abby stops to take stock of her surround-
text: ings. But she can't make anything out -- the snowfall is
dialog: too thick.
scene_heading: 80 INT. HUNTING SHACK - DAY 80
text: The fire is dying. The food untouched. The Postman sits
text: in bed staring anxiously out the window. The snow has
text: turned into a blizzard. He runs Abby's red ribbon through
text: his hands.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. WOODS - DAY 81
text: Abby trudges along heavily. She stumbles as the ice
text: covering the stream breaks beneath her feet.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Help!
scene_heading: 82 INT. HUNTING SHACK - DAY 82
text: The Postman hears her call.
scene_heading: 83 EXT. HUNTING SHACK - DAY 83
text: The door opens and out steps The Postman. In pain, he
text: staggers around the back of the cabin -- in search of her.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. STREAM - DAY 84
text: Abby looks up, sees him coming. The Postman collapses
text: across from her. Both prone, they're also nearly nose-to-
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I can't help you.
text: Finally, he pulls himself to his knees. She does the
text: same. They climb each other to a standing position. Arm-
text: in-arm, they start for the cabin.
scene_heading: 85 INT. HUNTING SHACK - DUSK 85
text: Abby sits huddled in blankets. The fire is blazing. The
text: Postman steps over, sets the once-again-hot bowl of stew
text: before her.
text: She considers the food a moment.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I told you that's all there was.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: That's why you should have it.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I knew you could walk.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You're weird, you know that?
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: 86 INT. HUNTING SHACK - NIGHT 86
text: The Postman lies in bed, stares through the hole in the
text: roof. A full moon is on the rise. Abby lies in her own
text: makeshift bed, also awake. After a long silence:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: We walked on the moon once, Abby.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: So? What good is that now?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Obviously you've forgotten Tang
text: and microwave ovens.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Your face looks pretty.
text: Abby looks up.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Not so bruised.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Look, there's something you'd
dialog: better know. You're going to find
dialog: out soon enough. I'm pregnant.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: It's Michael's baby. You're just
dialog: the body father.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: How do you know it's mine and not
dialog: Bethlehem's?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: He tried with me almost every
dialog: night. He couldn't do it. So he
dialog: beat me. Said it was my fault.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 87 EXT. HUNTING SHACK/PASS - DAY 87
text: Abby stands atop the low rise -- looking out to the pass.
text: Spring has come to the mountains. At long last the snow
text: is starting to recede.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 88 EXT. FISHING POOL - DAY 88
text: The Postman kneels by the bank, sharpening a knife to
dialog: clean the fish he's caught.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 88 CONTINUED: 88
text: Then, he catches his reflection in the water. Tangled
text: beard. Matted hair. Is that him?
text: He suddenly starts sharpening the knife with renewed
dialog: vigor. We get a sense he's not going to use it on the
dialog: fish.
speaker_heading: HANDS
text: plunge into the water, pull splashfuls up. We START ON
text: The Postman's back, then ARC AROUND as he washes his face.
text: He's just finished shaving off his beard with the hunting
text: knife. He's nicked-up, but it's a definite improvement
text: and he smiles in satisfaction -- until he sees --
text: Abby, reflected in the water.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Abby.
text: The Postman whips around to see her standing there.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What is it? What's wrong? Is it
dialog: the baby?
speaker_heading: ABBY
text: The pass is clear. It's time to
dialog: go.
text: Behind her, he sees the cabin is on fire. Takes off
dialog: running.
scene_heading: 89 EXT. HUNTING SHACK - DAY 89
text: The fire is blazing. The hunting shack is too far gone to
text: save. The Postman turns around.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What happened?
text: He's nonplused to find Abby standing beside a pile of
text: their neatly-packed gear.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You got our stuff out.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 89 CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Of course? I don't understand.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I set the fire.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Am I missing the point here?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: You didn't think we'd stay here
dialog: forever, did you?
dialog: (The Postman has
dialog: no response)
dialog: I'd appreciate if you'd walk with
dialog: me long enough to find someplace
dialog: safe for the baby. Then we can
dialog: split up.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You shaved.
text: The Postman has all but forgotten.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: It looks nice.
text: Before he can respond, she's heading off toward the pass,
text: leaving The Postman to shake his head at the absurdity of
text: it all. He shouts after her.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You're really weird, you know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 90 EXT. VALLEY - BELOW CASCADE MOUNTAINS - DAY 90
text: Carrying their gear, Abby and The Postman walk across a
text: meadow of wild flowers, headed for an old road.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Have you ever heard of St. Rose,
dialog: Abby?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I've heard people talk. I've
dialog: heard lots of names. Bliss.
dialog: Hesperia. New Eden. Sheriff
dialog: Briscoe says it's a fantasy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: He's wrong. St. Rose is out
dialog: there. And I'm going to find it.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: But you're The Postman.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Look, I'm nobody, Abby. I'm
dialog: just...
text: Before he can come clean -- they see a distant RIDER
text: coming hard. The Postman unslings the rifle, slides a
text: round into the chamber.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: This is what I hate. Strangers.
dialog: Do you say 'hi' or do you blow
dialog: their head off? Do they want to
dialog: share what they got or take what
dialog: you have? And if they want to
dialog: take, how far are you willing to
dialog: go to stop them? Damn it.
dialog: (to the Rider)
dialog: All right. That's far enough.
text: The Rider pulls up short, wearing a blue home-made
dialog: uniform.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: We don't want any trouble.
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: Me neither, mister.
text: The Postman is taken aback. The Rider, a girl, pulls off
text: her cap, mops it across her brow. Maybe 14, we'll always
text: know her by her Ponytail. Abby registers the uniform
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: What are you?
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL (RIDER)
text: Carrier 18. U.S. Postal Service.
dialog: Got any mail?
text: Lowering the rifle, The Postman looks over at Abby, back
dialog: to Ponytail.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: That's impossible.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: (2) 90
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: Ain't you heard of The Postman?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: No, tell us.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: He's only the greatest man who
dialog: ever lived. He crossed the
text: wasteland, shook his fist at the
text: enemy and spit in the eye of
dialog: General Bethlehem himself. He's
dialog: back east with President Starkey
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Who told you all this?
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
text: Postmaster Ford Lincoln Mercury.
text: He's in direct contact with the
dialog: restored congress.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Direct contact... I don't believe
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: (growing irritated)
dialog: Do you have mail, or don't you?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You said Carrier Eighteen. That
dialog: mean there's eighteen of you?
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
text: Thirty-two. As of midnight.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. R.V. PARK - DAY 91
text: Oregon's main post office. A silver Airstream, fifty
text: mobile homes and rusty Winnebagos resting on flat tires.
text: Flying from a pole: the flag of the restored United
text: States. A young recruit is ringing a bell on the top of a
dialog: Winnebago.
text: Ford walks along an RV boulevard. He's joined by two
text: young carriers, RED and Chubby (the sentry from Benning).
text: All wear hip, personalized variations of the official
dialog: uniform.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: You got another letter?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: 91
text: They come around the corner to where seven young recruits
text: wait. They're joined by another twenty carriers.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: More recruits?
speaker_heading: RED
text: Seven of them. They're coming
dialog: from everywhere.
text: Ford looks them over in satisfaction.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: Did you get a letter or didn't
dialog: you?
text: Ford smiles, reaches into his pocket. He pulls out a
text: creased sheet of paper. Chubby grins.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Gather 'round, everybody. Got
dialog: another letter here. Came in last
dialog: night.
text: Buzzing with excitement, the carriers gather around Ford.
scene_heading: SOUTH END OF BOULEVARD
text: Ponytail leads Abby and The Postman. They come up in the
text: back of the crowd. Flanked by Red and Chubby, Ford stands
text: on the hood of a car, letter in hand. The Postman taps a
text: clueless YOUNG CARRIER on the back.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What's all this?
speaker_heading: YOUNG CARRIER
dialog: Postman sent Ford another letter.
dialog: He's gonna read it.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'Hello, all postal carriers.'
speaker_heading: CARRIERS
dialog: (a ritual)
dialog: Hello!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: (2) 91
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm here in Minneapolis with
dialog: President Starkey, but my thoughts
dialog: are with you. Remember, nothing
dialog: worth doing can be done overnight.
dialog: Keep your chins up and do your
dialog: best not to get shot. Signed, The
dialog: Postman.
text: A buzz goes through the crowd. Ponytail looks over.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: His letters are always kind of
dialog: short.
text: Abby and The Postman exchange a look.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Hold on now. There's a P.S...
dialog: Anybody know what P.S. stands for?
text: The Postman raises his hand. Ford looks his way. His
text: mouth drops as he realizes. In silence, he walks over to
text: The Postman. They embrace and all the weight Ford's been
text: carrying on his young shoulders suddenly falls to The
text: Postman. The kid nearly collapses.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: Holy shit...
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: That would be H.S., Chubby.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: I seen him once when I lived in
dialog: Benning. It's The Postman!
text: Word goes through the crowd like a wave.
text: The Postman takes the letter, reads.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: P.S. Ford knows what to do.
text: Ford shrugs sheepishly.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Guess you want to talk about this?
text: The Postman takes Ford by the elbow. They disappear into
text: the tent. The carriers just staring after them,
text: awestruck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: (3) 91
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: I found him! I found him!
text: They clamor around her.
scene_heading: 92 INT. TENT - DAY 92
dialog: The Postman and Ford.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: President Starkey? Minneapolis?
dialog: Ford knows what to do?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I thought you were dead.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: So? I'm not making the
dialog: connection. What's all this then?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I lied. I told people you were in
dialog: contact with me.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Because I didn't want it to end.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't know how long I can stay,
dialog: Ford. President Starkey will send
dialog: word one day and I'll have to move
dialog: on. Understand?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Sure. But you'll stay till he
dialog: sends word? Right?
text: The Postman can't answer, just turns and walks out of the
dialog: tent.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. TENT - DAY 93
text: As The Postman exits, Chubby leads the carriers in a
text: salute. The Postman actually turns a moment to see if
text: someone else is standing behind him.
text: He looks back, sees the young, shining faces.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Aw, don't do that. Hands down.
text: Their hands go down in one crisp military move. The
text: Postman looks at Abby, to Ford as he exits the tent. The
text: kid is craving reassurance.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You'll stay 'til President Starkey
dialog: sends word, right? Right?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Yeah, till he sends word, right.
text: Ford smiles, gestures to the carriers.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Could you say a few words?
text: The Postman looks over at the carriers. They quiet under
text: his gaze, immediately respectful.
text: The problem is, he has no idea what to say. Finally:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Two plus two equals four.
text: The cheering is tumultuous. The Postman picks Abby out of
text: the cheering crowd -- the look on her face says it all.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. RV PARK - WINNEBAGO ROW - DAY 94
text: The guts of the operation. Several carriers are busy
text: sorting and bagging letters. It goes out pinned to a
text: clothesline which crisscrosses back and forth. Everyone
text: follows as Ford takes The Postman on a tour. There are
text: hushed whispers among those who are seeing him for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: We bring all the mail here first.
dialog: We sort it, group it and then it
dialog: goes out. So far we got thirty
dialog: routes.
text: Ford leads The Postman and Abby into another Winnebago.
text: Chubby and Red and Ponytail follow. Those that can't fit
text: just peer in through the windows.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: 95 INT. WINNEBAGO - DAY 95
text: An old manual crank printing press is working away. Ford
text: proudly removes a sheet, shows it to The Postman. A
text: caricature of eight evil Holnists, forming a figure eight.
dialog: Beneath: "Unite Against Holnist Tyrraney!"
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You spelled tyranny wrong.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: (low, to Red)
dialog: Boy, he's smart.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. RV CAMP - GREEN LAWN - DAY 96
text: The seven young Recruits seen earlier stand in a line.
text: They're joined by OLD GEORGE, every day of 75 years old.
text: Ponytail holds up her hand, swears them in.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL/RECRUITS
dialog: Neither snow, nor rain, nor heat,
dialog: nor gloom of night...
text: As they finish, The Postman and Ford pass by. The
text: Recruits salute. Shaking his head, The Postman's about to
text: salute back when he spots Old George. George has a faded
text: purple "AIRBORNE" tattoo on his arm and a twinkle in his
text: eye. There's an old crow on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGE
dialog: Seventy-five, sir.
text: The Postman looks over at Ford, who shrugs.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Can you ride?
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGE
dialog: Nope. Can't walk too good,
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGE
dialog: I know stuff.
text: The Postman looks at Ford again. Then:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (re: tattoo)
dialog: When did you get that?
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGE
text: 1970. A girl with eyes as big as
dialog: saucers did me in a little town
dialog: called Saigon.
scene_heading: 97 EXT. RV CAMP - AIRSTREAM - SUNSET 97
text: Carriers move items out of the trailer. The camp is
text: buzzing as usual. The Postman looks on -- sees Abby
text: passing by.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Abby --
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Yes?
text: He's got her attention, just doesn't know what to do with
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Ford wants me to have his trailer.
dialog: Said it's the best one.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I'm on the other side of town.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I got plenty of room here.
text: She shakes her head, and then walks away. The Postman
text: watches her disappear into the bustle of the camp.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: So much for the uniform theory.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. HOLNIST WINTER CAMP (NORTHERN CALIFORNIA) - SUNSET 98
text: The same sun sets on the Holnist camp.
scene_heading: 99 INT. BETHLEHEM'S TENT - SUNSET 99
text: Bethlehem once again at his easel with palette in hand.
text: He's trying another style -- Impressionism -- and it's
text: worse than the last. He looks over as Getty and Gibbs
text: approach with a PRISONER.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 99 CONTINUED: 99
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: What do you think, Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Can't tell what it is if you stand
dialog: too close. The colors all kinda
dialog: run together, don't they?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Yes...
text: Bethlehem looks away from his painting to see Gibbs and
text: Getty flanking a scared, blue-clad mail carrier. For an
dialog: instant, mistakes him for:
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Well, if it isn't our old friend
dialog: the U.P.S. man.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: We captured him on the Oregon
dialog: border.
text: Realizing, Bethlehem turns the face from side-to-side.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: CARRIER (PRISONER)
dialog: Carrier Twelve. United States,
dialog: um, Postal Service.
text: Getty sets some of the Carrier's anti-Holnist propaganda
text: onto Bethlehem's field table. Bethlehem picks it up.
text: It's hard to say what he's thinking. Finally:
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: I want the camp struck at dawn.
dialog: We're moving north.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Bethlehem looks back to Carrier Twelve.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (chilling)
dialog: You spelled tyranny wrong.
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: 100 EXT. RV CAMP - DAWN 100
text: Ten letter carriers are on horseback. Among them, Red and
text: Ponytail. Ford and The Postman are also on horses. Each
text: rider salutes The Postman, then gets a sheaf of anti-
text: Holnist propaganda from Ford.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I wish they'd stop saluting.
text: It's annoying him. As Chubby rides up. The Postman
text: catches his right wrist as he attempts to salute. So
text: Chubby salutes with the left hand instead. As they line
dialog: up:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Just stay safe and remember. The
dialog: mailman's more important than the
dialog: mail.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: Boy, he's smart.
text: The sun just peeks up over the horizon. At that signal,
text: the carriers thunder off, the ground trembling under them.
text: The look on their faces. The glory of it all. They're
text: alive! The Postman hesitates, watches after them a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What the hell?
text: Urging his horse forward, he rides after them. With them.
text: And then, like an exploding firework, each postman shoots
text: off in a separate direction. Headed for all points of the
text: compass and some in between.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. OREGON HAMLET - DAY 101
text: The Postman looks down on the gathered crowd from his
text: horse and smiles.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: For President Starkey and the
dialog: First Congress of the Restored
dialog: United States, I officially
dialog: declare Postal Station 10...
dialog: What's the name of this town?
speaker_heading: YOUNG LEADER
dialog: We never named it.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (thinks; smiles)
dialog: I officially declare Postal
dialog: Station 10 in Elvis, Oregon, open
dialog: for business!
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 102 EXT. TOWN (SOMEWHERE IN OREGON) - DAY 102
text: An eye-blink of a town. Ponytail stands on a crate
text: reading names and handing letters to the grateful people
text: massed around her.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. TOWN (IDAHO BORDER) - DAY 103
text: Red and Chubby finish mail call, exchange an amazed look
text: as they're offered a platter of food.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT 104
text: The moon hangs low over an interstate. A rider is
text: silhouetted by the silvery orb, looking like some post-
text: apocalyptic Don Quixote. It's The Postman.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. FARMHOUSE/COUNTRY ROAD - DAY 105
text: Seen FROM the porch, a rider gallops hard on the road
dialog: beyond.
text: A LITTLE BOY comes rushing out, letter in hand. The boy
text: pulls up short; realizes the rider is already too far
text: gone. The boy's shoulders sag; he's crushed.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: I missed him.
text: It's an almost psychic moment as the rider reins up in the
text: distance and turns back around. A frozen beat and he
text: starts galloping back down the road.
text: Fearless, the boy holds out the letter. The rider closes;
text: it's The Postman. The boy stretches out as far as he can.
text: Without breaking stride, The Postman leans out of the
text: saddle, snatches the letter as he passes.
text: The boy watches after him -- knows what he's going to be
text: when he grows up.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. PINE VIEW GATES - DAY 106
text: Sheriff Briscoe huffs and puffs his big frame up the
text: ladder and onto the top of the palisade.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Phil, this better not be another
dialog: of your U.F.O.'s.
text: He looks where the sentry points. The Postman waits at
text: the gate, behind him on horseback: Ford and Abby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED: 106
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm back! And I got mail.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: I'll be damned.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. PINE VIEW STREETS - DAY 107
text: The Postman rides with Briscoe, hurrying to stay alongside
text: him. Half the town jogs along behind them.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Bethlehem is offering a 1000
dialog: pounds of gold to whoever brings
dialog: you in. Dead or alive.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Thank God it wasn't a carton of
dialog: cigarettes.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: I'd have shot you myself.
scene_heading: 108 EXT. PINE VIEW STREETS - NIGHT 108
text: Pine View is throwing a party. It's in full swing. A
text: couple of guitars. A banjo and a trombone. Everyone
dialog: dances.
text: The Postman walks with Briscoe, sees Mrs. March as her
text: letter is read to her. Catches a glimpse of Abby dancing
text: with Ford. He seems, for the first time, truly happy.
dialog: For that matter, so does Briscoe.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Things are getting better.
dialog: Getting better all the time.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I don't know who you are, but I do
dialog: know I was wrong about you.
text: The Postman smiles, reaches in his bag for an envelope.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Got a letter for you, Sheriff.
text: Briscoe turns it over in his hands, looks up in wonder.
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: It's from my sister. I thought
dialog: she was dead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You thought wrong.
text: Briscoe has tears in his eyes. The Postman continues on,
text: embarrassed but affected.
speaker_heading: DANCE
text: The Postman taps Ford's shoulder, wants to cut in on him
text: and Abby. Ford steps aside. A beat before Abby decides
text: it's okay. They begin. Her eyes are on her feet, careful
text: that she doesn't take a misstep. But his eyes are on her.
text: And over it all, BLEEDING IN, the sound of HOOF BEATS.
scene_heading: 109 EXT. LONELY ROAD (SOUTHERN OREGON) - NIGHT 109
text: A mail carrier, Red, rides like the devil himself was in
text: pursuit. Almost. It's Getty and three Holnists.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
speaker_heading: DANCE
text: They whirl as the tempo picks up. The Postman pulls Abby
text: in closer. Her eyes now move up to his.
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: They're closing in on the terrified Red.
speaker_heading: DANCE
text: Abby and The Postman. The chemistry is undeniable.
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: RIFLES CRACK. SHOT in the back, Red throws back his arms.
text: Letters flutter from the mail bag over his shoulder; he
text: seems to glide along that way forever.
speaker_heading: DANCE
text: The Postman looks at Abby; she's so beautiful. Like only
dialog: a pregnant woman can be.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED: (2) 109
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Tell me about the baby, Abby. I
dialog: want to know.
text: Abby snaps out of the dream she's in. This isn't right.
text: Breaking away, she heads off. As he watches her go:
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: Red falls from his horse. One of the soldiers scoops up
text: his mailbag.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 110 INT. COMMAND TENT (SOUTHERN OREGON) - NIGHT 110
text: By lantern, Bethlehem and Getty watch as Gibbs sorts
text: through the contents of the confiscated mailbag.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Births and deaths, the weather,
dialog: gossip. There's nothing here.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Nothing? Everything is here. Am
dialog: I the only one who sees that?
dialog: (to Gibbs)
dialog: Get out!
text: Gibbs hurries away, leaving Bethlehem and Getty alone.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Give the people back their hope
dialog: and their dreams won't be far
dialog: behind.
text: Bethlehem sees Getty waiting.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: What is it, Getty?
text: Getty hands Bethlehem a sheet of paper -- something Gibbs
text: missed. It's a propaganda sheet featuring a caricature of
text: The Postman leading a few carriers against Bethlehem and
text: his army -- represented as Hitler and the Nazis. The
text: caption underneath reads: "Ride Against the Holnist
dialog: Tide!"
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: 110
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (crumpling the paper)
dialog: A military man, especially a
dialog: commander, should keep a journal.
text: After he's gone, it's the only
dialog: real defense against the slander
dialog: that arises.
scene_heading: 111 INT. OLD GEORGE'S TRAILER - NIGHT 111
text: Old George sits hunched over a home-made shortwave radio
text: with a joint in his mouth. The Postman sits beside him,
text: listening as STATIC pours from an old car SPEAKER.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Who do you talk to?
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGE
dialog: Not a soul in seven years of
dialog: trying. But I will.
text: The Postman steps to a telescope pointing up through a
text: hole in the trailer ceiling.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGE
dialog: Go ahead. Take a look.
dialog: (offering joint)
dialog: Want some?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: No. No thanks. Hey, don't let
dialog: the kids see that.
text: George nods and goes on playing with the dials --
text: searching for a voice in the void.
text: The Postman focuses on the moon.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGE
dialog: I was an aerospace engineer. I
dialog: helped design the Galileo space
dialog: station.
dialog: (scanning sky)
dialog: I dream it's orbiting Earth
text: forever. With a dozen human
text: skeletons all grinning at each
dialog: other. Laughing at us down here.
text: There's an urgent KNOCKING on the trailer door. Ford
text: appears.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 111 CONTINUED: 111
speaker_heading: FORD
text: It's Red. He's overdue.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: That makes five. All on Southern
dialog: routes.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. TRUCK STOP - DAY 112
text: Five dead mail carriers have been laid out on the asphalt.
text: Bethlehem walks the line, looking for his elusive arch-
dialog: enemy.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: No. No. Not him. No.
dialog: (looks to soldiers)
dialog: Children. I want a man and you
dialog: bring me children!
scene_heading: 113 EXT. OREGON ROAD - DAY 113
text: A beautiful day. Ponytail rounds a bend at a lope -- and
text: then -- her eyes widen in terror. She jerks the reins;
text: the horse rears in protest.
text: Ahead: the truck stop. The five mail carriers hang
text: upside down from the roof's overhang. A macabre sight.
scene_heading: POV THROUGH RIFLE SCOPE
text: SIGHTING ON Ponytail. A hand comes INTO FRAME and brings
dialog: the rifle barrel down. It's --
scene_heading: GIBBS AND HOLNIST SHARPSHOOTER
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Not yet. General wants the
dialog: message to get back.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. RV. CAMP - NIGHT 114
text: PAN UP FROM The Postman's dusty boots TO his grimly
text: determined face as he strides through camp and stops at
text: Old George's trailer.
text: He moves OUT OF FRAME, revealing -- Abby and Ponytail in
dialog: the b.g.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: 115 INT. OLD GEORGE'S TRAILER - NIGHT 115
text: As usual, Old George is hunkered down before his short
text: wave. He looks as the door opens and The Postman enters.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Tell me about the other stuff you
dialog: know...
text: George crosses the trailer, opens a cabinet. Inside:
text: twenty odd guns plus the parts for several more. The CROW
speaker_heading: CAWS.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. ELVIS, OREGON - DAY 116
text: Quiet. An old flag ruffles outside the post office -- the
text: only new structure in town. Old George sweeps the porch
text: as a patrol of ten Holnist soldiers ride into town.
text: George makes no move to flee as they near. As they rein
text: up across from him he just smiles and continues sweeping.
text: Sensing it, the Holnist officer looks up. There, on the
text: roof, stands The Postman. Ford and Briscoe flank him --
text: along with twenty mailmen and locals, armed with guns,
text: bows and rocks.
text: As the soldiers raise their rifles, the roofies OPEN FIRE.
text: George whips up a sawed-off SHOTGUN. BOOM! Caught in the
text: storm, the ten soldiers go down.
text: Grim, The Postman looks to Ford as the locals cheer.
text: George resumes sweeping. The mailmen climb down to strip
text: the weapons off the dead.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Ford, I want you to get rid of the
dialog: bodies. I don't want these people
dialog: blamed for what we did.
text: Ford nods.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. HOLNIST ARMY CAMP - NIGHT 117
text: Two sentries guard the east. They peer into the gloom at
text: the sound of a WAGON APPROACHING. It sounds like it's
text: coming fast.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Halt! Identify yourself!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED: 117
speaker_heading: WAGON
text: tearing along. Ford at the reins, urging the horses to
text: all possible speed. Then he stands, leaps to the ground.
speaker_heading: SENTRIES
text: They raise their rifles as the riderless wagon looms out
text: of the night. They each get off a SHOT before being
text: forced to dive out of the way. The wagon continues on,
dialog: down to...
speaker_heading: HOLNIST CAMP
text: A soldier finally grabs hold of one of the halters and
text: brings the wagon to a stop. Half-dressed, Bethlehem steps
text: up. A tarp covers the back upon which is written...
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Postage due...
text: Bethlehem yanks away the tarp to reveal the 10 dead
text: Holnist soldiers. The men around Bethlehem exchange
text: looks, can't believe it. Bethlehem bellows in rage.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 118
text: Ford, hidden in the woods, smiles at the sound.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. HOLNIST CAMP - NIGHT 119
text: Bethlehem steps forward and shouts his challenge into the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You want a war? I'll give you a
dialog: war. I was born for it!
scene_heading: 120 EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 120
text: Bethlehem's words reach Ford, his smile fades. He's just
text: a scared boy. He kicks his horse into a gallop and rides
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: 121 EXT. SMALL AIRFIELD - DAY 121
text: In the fog, the sound of hollow HOOF BEATS. The Postman
text: rides past the shapes of airplanes. Standing silent.
text: Forever grounded. The ghosts of the past.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. RV CAMP - DAY 122
text: Ford is swearing in four new recruits.
scene_heading: ON FORD AND RECRUITS
text: As they repeat after him we realize they've changed the
dialog: oath a bit.
speaker_heading: FORD/RECRUITS
dialog: Neither snow, nor heat, nor gloom
dialog: of night. Through bandit's hell,
dialog: through fire fight. Through flood
dialog: and plague we cannot fail. No
text: Holnist trash will stop the mail.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: riding his weary mount into town, saddlebags bulging with
text: mail. He pauses by the new recruits long enough to hear
dialog: the words they're saying.
text: As he dismounts, a fresh-faced carrier takes the bridle.
text: The Postman's well past the point of fatigue. He's living
text: on pure adrenaline.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Get this mail sorted. Bring me a
dialog: fresh horse. Something to eat.
text: As fresh-face starts away, The Postman calls after him.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: And all the mail going South!
text: The Postman watches as Ford shakes the hands of the new
dialog: recruits.
text: The Postman reaches for his canteen. Empty. Damn. A tin
text: cup filled with water appears from nowhere. Abby. The
text: Postman takes it, too tired to acknowledge the gesture.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: They changed the oath.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Ford's idea.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Figures.
dialog: (scoffs)
dialog: They don't think to ask who
dialog: they're replacing. Or why.
text: He drains the cup and hands it back to her. Just then,
text: one of the new recruits, LUKE, steps over.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sir? It'd be an honor if I could
dialog: shake your hand.
text: A farmboy-type, Luke looks like a younger version of
text: Woody. The Postman sees this, is lost in reverie. Luke
text: still holds his hand out.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You look like... Do I know you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Well, good luck to you.
text: Nodding in awe, Luke heads off.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Nice kid. Probably be dead in a
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: (ignores it)
dialog: You're exhausted. You need rest.
dialog: There's food in the trailer --
text: Ponytail rides by; two sacks of mail hang from her saddle
text: pommel. The Postman grabs her horse's halter, stops her.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: Route twenty-two. I'm already an
dialog: hour late.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: (2) 122
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You're grounded. Get off the
dialog: horse. You know the rule.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: What rule?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Twenty-two's too far south.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: But they're waiting on their mail
dialog: down there.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Get off the goddamn horse.
text: Shocked, she does. At the same time, fresh-face comes up
text: leading a second horse laden with mail.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (re: Ponytail's
dialog: horse)
dialog: Tie him off to this one.
text: Fresh-face goes about tying the second horse to the first.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: You can't keep doing this.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Doing what?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Riding all the routes. You're not
dialog: saving anyone.
text: The Postman climbs on Ponytail's horse, looks at Abby.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Did I ever tell you how I got to
dialog: be a postman, Abby?
dialog: (doesn't give
dialog: her time to answer)
dialog: I don't know if you'd laugh or
dialog: cry.
text: The Postman digs in his heels. The horse gallops away,
text: the second one following behind.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. ELVIS, OREGON - CLOSE ON BLOODIED POSTAL CARRIER - 123
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: A crowd of townsfolk are visible in deep b.g. Beyond
text: them, the town of Elvis burns to the ground.
text: The CAMERA CIRCLES AROUND the BLOODIED CARRIER until we're
text: looking OVER his shoulder at a firing squad led by Colonel
text: Getty and Lieutenant Gibbs. Bethlehem watches.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Ready!
text: The only building not on fire is the post office. A
text: SOLDIER rides up, carrying a torch, meaning to burn it.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: The post office, General?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: No. Let it stand. All by itself.
dialog: So it can remind them what it cost
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aim!
text: Rifles are aimed.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Fire!
text: Shock and dismay from the townsfolk as SHOTS RING OUT.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BLOODY CARRIER'S FACE
text: as he realizes he's still standing.
text: PULL BACK to reveal nine bodies lying on the ground. Only
text: the Bloodied Carrier is still standing.
text: Bethlehem points at the Bloodied Carrier, crooks a finger
text: for him. He staggers up. Bethlehem smiles.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You think you can ride?
dialog: (as the Carrier
dialog: nods)
dialog: Then today's your lucky day.
scene_heading: 124 INT. RV PARK - AIRSTREAM - DAY 124
text: Abby tends to the Bloodied Carrier. He tries to salute as
text: The Postman enters the trailer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 124 CONTINUED: 124
text: Ford and Chubby watch and wait as The Postman goes to the
dialog: boy's side.
scene_heading: BLOODIED CARRIER
dialog: Bethlehem says...
text: The Postman motions it's okay as the Carrier struggles.
scene_heading: BLOODIED CARRIER
dialog: ... he's... headed north. He's
dialog: gonna kill ten people in every
dialog: town. Then burn it to the ground.
dialog: For what you did...
text: The Postman is puzzled. But Ford knows what and why.
scene_heading: BLOODIED CARRIER
dialog: He said to tell you Pine View's on
dialog: his way. He said he'd wait there,
dialog: but not for long.
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: I was so scared, sir... I thought
dialog: they were going to kill me, too...
dialog: I wish they would have...
scene_heading: 125 EXT. RISE ABOVE PINE VIEW - DAY 125
text: The Postman poised on a rise that affords a view of the
text: gruesome spectacle below.
speaker_heading: POSTMAN'S POV
text: Pine View in flames. The big John Deere gun has blown
text: several gaps into the palisade. Bethlehem watches as his
text: army sacks the town. The people have been rounded up.
text: The selection of the ten has begun.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. RISE ABOVE PINE VIEW - DAY 126
text: The Postman wheels his horse around. But Ford, Ponytail,
text: Chubby and Luke are standing in his way.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm going to stop this.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You can't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Get out of my way, Ford. All of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: They'll kill you.
text: The Postman starts to ride through them. Luke, Chubby and
text: Ponytail move their horses to block.
text: Ford maneuvers his horse in close and grabs The Postman's
dialog: harness.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Goddamnit --
text: The Postman jumps off his horse. Ford tackles him. The
text: Postman shoves him away, continues on. Luke and Chubby
text: pounce on him. With Ford's help, they hold him down.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: You can't help them!
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: There's still time, Ford!
text: The Postman struggles. They're genuinely having trouble
text: holding him down.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: (re: The Postman)
dialog: You're hurting him.
dialog: But there's no let-up.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: No, this is all my doing. I went
dialog: against your orders.
text: There's a moment of shocked surprise.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: The Holnists we killed. You told
dialog: me to bury them. But I didn't. I
dialog: sent Bethlehem the bodies.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Because Bethlehem has to know that
dialog: we're not going to stop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: (2) 126
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: God damn you, Ford. Those people
dialog: down there are dying because of
dialog: us. Because of what we did.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Bullshit. They're dying because
dialog: of Bethlehem. They're dying
dialog: because this is a shitty world.
dialog: And if we're ever going to change
dialog: it, then somebody might have to
dialog: die. If I could make it be me
dialog: down there I would. But I can't.
text: A terrible SCREAM gives them all pause.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. PINE VIEW - DAY 127
text: Down below -- Holnist soldiers hold back a screaming
text: mother as her 10-year-old boy is pulled into the line.
text: Sheriff Briscoe is among the ten, he puts his hand on the
text: boy's shoulder -- the picture of grace under pressure.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. RISE ABOVE PINE VIEW - ON POSTMAN AND CARRIERS 128
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: My God, what have I done?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We don't even know their names...
scene_heading: 129 EXT. PINE VIEW - CLOSE ON LITTLE BOY - DAY 129
text: His eyes wide and fearful. Like a kitten's.
scene_heading: 130 EXT. RISE ABOVE PINE VIEW - DAY 130
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: (holding back
dialog: the tears)
dialog: We know their names. The little
dialog: one's my brother. His name is
dialog: Billy.
text: A moment of stunned silence.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: What Ford did was wrong. But it
dialog: doesn't change anything for any of
dialog: us. Does it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 130 CONTINUED: 130
text: She looks to the other carriers -- it's written all over
text: their faces -- they stand with Ponytail and Ford.
scene_heading: 131 EXT. PINE VIEW - DAY 131
text: Bethlehem looks the line-up over. The firing squad stands
text: at the ready. Bethlehem looks to the trees -- feeling
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (to Getty)
dialog: He's out there somewhere.
dialog: Watching. I can feel it.
text: Briscoe follows his gaze. He doesn't see anything, but
text: maybe gets the same feeling. Bethlehem looks to Briscoe.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You feel it too, don't you?
dialog: Didn't have to end like this,
dialog: Sheriff. He knew where I'd be if
dialog: he wanted to face me like a man.
text: Instead, he's hiding like a
dialog: rabbit. So much for your Postman.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Ready! Aim!
text: Rifles are raised. Briscoe seems to grow as he throws his
text: shoulders back and shouts...
speaker_heading: BRISCOE
dialog: Ride, Postman! Ride! You hear
dialog: me? I said ride!
scene_heading: 132 EXT. RISE ABOVE PINE VIEW - DAY 132
text: The WORDS ECHO. Nothing The Postman can do, but watch.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. PINE VIEW - DAY 133
text: Bethlehem's eyes go wild --
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Fire!
text: The RIFLES BARK. Everyone falls dead.
scene_heading: 134 EXT. RISE ABOVE PINE VIEW - DAY 134
text: Something in The Postman breaks. He just lies there. The
text: witnesses move back, taking The Postman with them.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: 135 EXT. PINE VIEW - DAY 135
text: Sheriff Briscoe lies dead. The letter from his sister
text: blows from his hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 136 INT. AIRSTREAM - NIGHT 136
text: The Postman folds a letter, shoves it into an envelope.
text: He writes "Bethlehem" across the front, starts to write a
text: second letter. The door opens and Abby enters.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Ford thinks you're going to do
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I am.
text: The Postman watches as, outside, the mail carriers begin
dialog: to assemble.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: If I don't, those kids are going
dialog: to keep on getting themselves
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Ford doesn't know what it means to
dialog: be a kid. He doesn't have your
dialog: memories. None of them do. All
dialog: they've got is the lousy world we
dialog: gave them. And this is the only
dialog: decent thing in it.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: What? Being a postman? It's all
dialog: bullshit, Abby. All of it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I took this uniform off a skeleton
dialog: to stay warm. I made up the rest
dialog: to stay fed. There is no restored
dialog: United States.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I knew it was something like that.
text: The Postman fingers the brim of the cap, softens.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 136 CONTINUED: 136
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Weird thing is, being a Postman
dialog: was almost the best thing that
dialog: ever happened to me...
dialog: (re: red ribbon)
dialog: Remember this? You left it behind
dialog: that night.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I remember...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I always liked to think you left
dialog: it on purpose. But maybe you just
dialog: forgot it.
text: Abby doesn't answer. She leaves instead.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. R.V. CAMP - NIGHT 137
text: Twelve mail carriers, including Ford, Ponytail, Chubby,
text: Luke and Old George, wait as The Postman steps up before
text: them. Abby's off to the side.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Is this everybody?
speaker_heading: FORD
text: The rest are on the overdue list.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: This is everybody.
dialog: (for all)
dialog: Got a letter from President
dialog: Starkey.
text: An excited murmur among the carriers. Only Ford eyes The
text: Postman suspiciously. The Postman reads:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: 'Greetings all carriers.'
speaker_heading: CARRIERS
dialog: Greetings, President Starkey!
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'I've been in contact with The
dialog: Postman. I've received all the
dialog: reports. I'm proud of you all.'
text: He looks at them, doesn't need to read what's in his
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED: 137
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: In dark days, in a weary world,
dialog: you gave everything and asked for
dialog: nothing. You beat back despair
dialog: and replaced it with hope and for
dialog: that your country can never repay
dialog: you. But the price is too high.
dialog: I won't see anymore of my bravest
dialog: die. It is my duty to hereby
dialog: disband the Postal Service of the
dialog: restored United States. You are
dialog: to burn your uniforms and The
dialog: Postman is to return to
dialog: Minneapolis at once. Thank you
dialog: and that is all.
text: A hushed silence. The Postman walks away. The carriers
text: exchange tired, defeated looks. Abby just sighs, knows
dialog: he's not necessarily wrong.
text: Ford catches up with The Postman. He stares at The
text: Postman; The Postman stares back.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: (low; fierce)
dialog: The President never wrote that
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: If he could've that's what he
dialog: would have said.
text: Ford gestures to the second letter.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Who's the other letter to?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Bethlehem. I'm taking it to him
text: in the morning.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What does it say?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Mail's private. You know that.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: What does it say?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (stops; turns)
dialog: It says it's over. It says we
dialog: quit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 137 CONTINUED: (2) 137
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: It says you quit. What about the
dialog: oath?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Tell me something, Ford. How much
dialog: mail can a dead postman deliver?
text: It's over.
text: The Postman starts to walk away again.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Then I'll take it.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I can't trust you.
text: Ford gathers courage and confronts The Postman.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: If this is the end. If this is
dialog: the last piece of mail that ever
dialog: gets delivered. I'll take it.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Whoever takes this letter probably
dialog: dies for it.
text: Ford thrusts out his hand.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm still a postman. You owe it
dialog: to me... I owe it to me.
text: The Postman hesitates, studies the intense young man.
text: Gives him the letter.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. R.V. CAMP - STABLE AREA - DAY 138
text: The Postman is packing bags onto a horse as Abby
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm going to St. Rose, Abby. And
dialog: I'm taking you with me. I know
dialog: you don't want to hear it, but
dialog: that's my child inside you. I
dialog: want to see it born somewhere
dialog: safe. I have a right to that,
dialog: Abby. Whether you like it or not.
text: Abby walks away. The Postman rests his head on his pack
text: for a moment. Heavy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: 138
text: The CLICK of a GUN causes The Postman to lift his head and
text: see Luke standing there.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Thought I recognized you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: General Bethlehem said...
dialog: (raises the pistol)
dialog: ... You should be on your knees
dialog: when I do it.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't give a damn what that
dialog: asshole said.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The general is a great man.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: The general is a fucking lunatic.
text: The Postman steps forward. Stops when the barrel of the
text: pistol is right against his own chest.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You don't own a thought in that
dialog: goddamn head of yours, do you?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You want to see a man?
text: The Postman turns to watch as Ford starts out of camp.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: That's a man.
text: The Postman turns, sees Luke's face fraught with confusion
dialog: and emotion.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You don't understand, do you? You
dialog: never will until you can think for
dialog: yourself and be willing to pay the
dialog: price for it.
text: Luke stares back into The Postman's eyes. A frozen beat.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: ABBY (O.S.)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: (2) 138
text: Abby sits on her horse. She's witness to it all. Luke is
text: confused and ashamed. The Postman mounts his horse and
text: moves to Abby's side.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You're a better man than
dialog: Bethlehem, Luke. I've seen it.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. RIDGE - R.V. CAMP - DAY 139
text: Some carriers drop their uniforms into a bonfire.
text: The Postman and Abby ride up on the ridge above the RV
text: camp. They pause to look back one last time. Across the
text: way, on the other side, Ford is doing the same thing. As
text: though he senses it, Ford stops and looks back.
text: Ford raises his hand, salutes. Slowly, The Postman brings
text: up his own hand. But he doesn't salute. He waves. Good-
text: bye. As Ford turns away, so does The Postman.
scene_heading: ON CHUBBY, PONYTAIL AND CARRIER NAMED DREW
text: watching as The Postman and Abby disappear from sight.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: Guess Minneapolis is that way.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. INTERSTATE - DAY 140
text: A sign prohibits pedestrians, horses and bicycles. The
text: Postman and Abby ride by. The Postman no longer wears his
text: uniform. Their gear is packed behind their saddles.
text: As a family of transients begin to rise from where they're
text: camped in the breakdown lane:
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: We can't help you. We're just as
dialog: lost as you are.
text: The Postman rides on. Abby watches over her shoulder as
text: they slowly begin to sit back down.
scene_heading: 141 EXT. HOLNIST CAMP - BETHLEHEM'S TENT - DAWN 141
text: Bethlehem sits waiting at his camp table. Behind him, a
dialog: finished painting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: 141
dialog: This time he's painted himself in the grand Rococo-style -
text: - as part of the Holy Family with doves and flowers and
text: glowing rays from Heaven. It's awful.
text: Getty and Gibbs bring in a prisoner. It's Ford!
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Good lord, what do we have here?
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: I'm a representative of the
dialog: restored United States --
text: Bethlehem backhands Ford.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: He's got a letter. Says The
dialog: Postman sent it.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: A letter?
text: Bethlehem tears open the letter and starts to read:
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: 'Bethlehem. This letter is my
dialog: testimony to the fact that there
dialog: is no restored United States and
dialog: there is no Postal Service.'
dialog: (laugh; grim)
dialog: Then who the hell have we been
dialog: fighting...?
dialog: (reads on)
dialog: 'My carriers are returning home.
dialog: In exchange, I'm asking you to let
dialog: them be. The Postman.'
text: Bethlehem eyes Ford with undisguised contempt.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: He expects me to believe this?
speaker_heading: LUKE (O.S.)
dialog: It's true, sir. I was there. He
dialog: disbanded the carriers and rode
dialog: west.
text: Ford turns blazing eyes to Luke -- he's been standing
dialog: there all along.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Traitor...
text: It takes a moment for the news to sink in. But it does.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: (2) 141
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Then I've won. I've won.
text: As the assembled Holnists congratulate each other,
text: Bethlehem looks at Luke.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You were supposed to kill him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I couldn't get close enough.
dialog: (re: Ford)
dialog: This one's his second in command.
text: Bethlehem looks Ford over.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Why doesn't that surprise me?
text: Ford stares back. Proud. Bethlehem looks to Getty.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Bring out the one we found
dialog: yesterday. They can die together.
text: A frightened CARRIER is brought up. He wears a purple
text: uniform with CALI sewn on the shoulder. Neither we nor
text: Ford have seen him before. As a firing squad assembles,
text: Ford is shoved over with him.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: CAL CARRIER
dialog: Name's Clark. Postal Carrier of
dialog: the restored Republic of
dialog: California. Who are you?
text: Ford looks at him a second, can't help but laugh. From
dialog: Gibbs; the shout of "ready!"
speaker_heading: FORD
text: Postmaster Ford Lincoln Mercury.
speaker_heading: CALI CARRIER
dialog: It's an honor.
text: Bethlehem watches as Clark holds out his hand. Ford
text: shakes it. "Aim!"
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Wait a minute... wait a minute!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 141 CONTINUED: (3) 141
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Hold your fire! You don't know
dialog: each other?
dialog: (to himself, quiet
dialog: anger building)
dialog: This will never be over. It'll go
dialog: on except I'll be fighting a
dialog: goddamn ghost.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Should we fire, sir?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: No goddamnit.
text: Bethlehem crumples the letter, tosses it.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: No, I won't fight a ghost. Tabula
dialog: rasa, gentlemen. A clean slate.
dialog: I want all mail carriers hunted
dialog: down. I want The Postman found.
dialog: I want him dealt with.
dialog: (to Getty)
dialog: Colonel, organize the scouts.
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: He rode west?
scene_heading: 142 EXT. RIVER - DAY 142
text: A pair of boots are walking through the water. It's The
text: Postman. He turns over a body in the water. It wears a
text: homemade postal uniform, a bag of mail twisted around his
text: arm. It's a young face, one we haven't seen before. He
text: looks up to Abby on a ridge.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I don't know him. Do you?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: Where do you think he came from?
text: Puzzled, The Postman shakes his head. He gently releases
text: the body. The current takes it and they watch as it
text: continues on its way to Postal Valhalla.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. INTERSTATE - DAY 143
text: The family of transients are grilled by three Holnist
text: scouts. One man points the way Abby and Bethlehem rode.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. PLAIN - DAY 144
text: Littered with rubble. The wood, brick, steel and concrete
text: of what was once a small town. Amazingly, one gray house
text: still stands, miraculously untouched by whatever disaster
dialog: visited this place.
text: A wild-haired SQUATTER steps out on the porch as Abby and
text: The Postman ride by. He waves hello with a .45.
speaker_heading: SQUATTER
dialog: Howdy. Welcome to sunny
dialog: California.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (re: the town)
dialog: What happened here?
speaker_heading: SQUATTER
dialog: Little accident. The ground
dialog: started to shake big time and the
dialog: Hanford nuclear plant went...
dialog: (motions an explosion)
dialog: ... 'Poof.' Destroyed everything
dialog: for miles. But the sunsets are
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You ever hear of a city called St.
dialog: Rose?
speaker_heading: SQUATTER
dialog: Friend, I've never heard of St.
dialog: Shit.
text: The Squatter laughs and laughs -- like it was the funniest
text: thing in the world. The Postman and Abby exchange a look,
text: continue on their way.
speaker_heading: SQUATTER
dialog: Hey, don't go! I got Monopoly in
dialog: the house! Boardwalk, Park Place
dialog: and the Reading Railroad!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 145 EXT. EDGE OF RUBBLE - DAY 145
text: Ponytail, Chubby, and Draw watching from afar. Chubby has
dialog: the telescope.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: You think that's President
dialog: Starkey?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 145 CONTINUED: 145
text: Ponytail takes the telescope from Chubby for a look.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: What makes you so sure?
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
text: President lives in a white house.
dialog: That guy's place is gray.
text: Drew and Chubby exchange a look. That makes sense.
scene_heading: 146 EXT. SKY - DAY 146
text: A lightning bolt shreds the sky. It's day, but the sky is
text: black with rain.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. HIGH TENSION TOWERS - DAY 147
text: The useless towers cutting across a valley. Rain beats
text: down, as The Postman and Abby trudge along.
text: Up ahead, a rail-road tunnel promises shelter from the
dialog: storm.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (re: the tunnel)
dialog: We can rest in there.
text: Abby is quick to agree.
text: Out of the corner of his eye, The Postman catches a blur
dialog: of movement.
text: He turns his head quickly, but he's barely in time to see
text: a wooden basket, attached to one of the high wires, swing
text: from a distant tower. There's a sentry inside it.
text: The basketed sentry whistles away at 40 mph, heading
text: straight for an adjacent tower. In a matter of seconds,
text: he's lost from view.
text: The Postman looks back at Abby. She's shivering.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Did you see that?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: I'm hungry, Postman.
text: The Postman guides her toward the train tunnel.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: 148 INT. TRAIN TUNNEL - DAY 148
text: Abby sleeps beside the fire. The Postman, silhouetted
text: against the flames, heads toward the far tunnel exit.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. FAR SIDE OF TUNNEL - DAY 149
text: The Postman peers into the rain, taking in the view of a
text: distant bridge. Abby comes to stand at his side.
scene_heading: 150 EXT. COLUMBIA RIVER GORGE (BRIDGE CITY) - DAY 150
text: A town settled between spans of a steel truss bridge. The
text: Columbia River rushes far below. A sentry spots Abby and
text: The Postman approaching, blows a whistle.
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: Set the rifle on the ground.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: This old thing? It isn't even
dialog: loaded. Where are we?
text: The BRIDGE CITY MAYOR, a middle-aged retro-hippie, steps
dialog: up.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: You're in Bridge City. Where we
dialog: don't allow guns.
text: The Postman sets down the carbine. The Guard steps over
dialog: to scoop it up.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: Sentry said you were coming.
text: The Postman stares at the Mayor a beat.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I know you. You're famous.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: I was once. Not anymore.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you looking to cross?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: We will be. Right now, we'd just
dialog: appreciate some food.
dialog: (as the Mayor
dialog: nods his assent)
dialog: I got some kids behind me, too.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: 150 CONTINUED: 150
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Three.
dialog: (as the Mayor
dialog: agrees once more)
dialog: Hey, guys, come on in! I know
dialog: you're out there!
speaker_heading: CHUBBY SENTRY
dialog: Boy, is he smart...
text: As they stand, show themselves.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. NORTH BOUND LANE (BRIDGE CITY) - DUSK 151
text: Fog rolls in. Abby rests.
text: Ponytail, Chubby and Drew look up gratefully as one of the
text: citizens of Bridge City doles out bread.
text: The Mayor steps over, hands The Postman two loaves.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: For you and your wife.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Thanks. She's not my wife.
text: The exchange cuts Abby like a knife. She gets up and
text: leaves. The Mayor keeps his council -- not sure what to
dialog: make of this arrangement.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Let me ask you something, have you
dialog: ever heard of a town with electric
dialog: lights?
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: St. Rose?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Yeah!
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: Never been. But they say it's a
text: ways down on the coast.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: How far?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: 151 CONTINUED: 151
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: Couple hundred miles at least. I
dialog: couldn't say for sure.
text: It's the discovery of a lifetime. The Postman looks to
text: the west end of the bridge, where Abby stands alone.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You seem like a decent man. And
dialog: these seem like decent people.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: We try to be.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: And this seems like a safe place.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: (intuitive)
dialog: You want to leave her?
text: The Postman looks back to the Mayor, then slowly nods.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: All of them. I'll give you the
dialog: horses and my gear. Abby's
dialog: special. She's strong. Probably
dialog: end up running the place.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: Why don't you take the night to
dialog: think. Decide if that's what you
dialog: really want.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT 152
text: Fog obscures the east end. A sentry squints at the
text: MUFFLED CLOP of HOOVES. The mist parts to reveal, seventy
text: yards away: three Holnist scouts on horseback.
text: Emissaries from hell.
text: As the sentry blows a whistle...
speaker_heading: BRIDGE
text: As word spreads, folks move down the bridge for a look.
text: Eating their bread, The Postman, Abby and the carriers
dialog: join them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: 152 CONTINUED: 152
speaker_heading: EAST END
text: The Mayor stands across from the lead scout -- conferring.
text: Finally, the Mayor points him back the way he came. The
text: lead scout doesn't budge, spots The Postman in the crowd.
text: He and The Postman seem to stare at each other forever.
text: Then, with a flick of the reins, he's gone. The other two
text: follow. Swallowed up by the misty evening gloom. The
text: Postman's head swims dizzily. It's not over.
text: The Mayor returns to dozens of nervous questions.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: They're looking for The Postman.
speaker_heading: B.C. MAN
dialog: No such thing anymore.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
text: Man on the horse says there is.
dialog: Says he thinks he's here. Says
text: he's coming back with friends.
text: A little BOY steps forward, sings out.
speaker_heading: B.C. BOY
dialog: What's a postman?
text: A silent moment. It's been so long, no one's sure how to
text: answer. The Postman looks down at the ground. The
text: carriers exchange deflated looks. Then...
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: (stepping forward)
dialog: You never heard of a postman?
text: He shakes his head "no." Seems a shame. As The Postman
text: looks over at Abby, she takes a page from his book.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: There used to be a postman for
dialog: every street in America. They
dialog: wore uniforms. And hats. Like
dialog: this one...
text: She goes to The Postman's gear, returns with his postal
text: cap. Sets it on the boy's head.
speaker_heading: B.C. BOY
dialog: Wow...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: 152 CONTINUED: (2) 152
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: My postman knew the name of every
dialog: kid on my street. He knew our
dialog: birthdays. He'd even find the
dialog: baseballs you'd hit down the
text: street. I can still see the smile
text: on his face. The tip of his cap
dialog: -- when he had a letter in his bag
dialog: with my name on it. Mine always
dialog: came just after school. You could
dialog: set your watch by him. Unless you
dialog: were waiting on something special
dialog: -- like a present from somewhere
dialog: far away or a letter from your
dialog: sweetheart. Then it seemed like
dialog: he'd never come. I used to think
dialog: they could make time stand still.
text: Several other listeners nod -- they're completely with
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I don't think we ever really
dialog: understood what they meant to us
dialog: until they were gone. Getting a
dialog: letter made you feel like you were
dialog: part of something bigger than
dialog: yourself. No place was ever too
text: far away for the postman. So
dialog: nobody ever had to be alone. The
dialog: postman was someone you could
dialog: count on. Things just made more
dialog: sense when they were around.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's the kind of world we used
dialog: to have. A world a lot of us took
dialog: for granted. And now we've got
dialog: this one. And it makes me
dialog: wonder -- what kind of world do I
dialog: want my child to live in? I want
dialog: my child to live in a world where
dialog: hopes and dreams aren't just lies
dialog: you tell yourself to get through
dialog: another day. I want my child, and
dialog: I want my friends -- I want all of
dialog: us to live in a world where you
dialog: still get your mail.
text: It's a moment before anyone speaks.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: (to The Postman)
dialog: Are you The Postman?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: 152 CONTINUED: (3) 152
text: The Postman takes the cap off the little boy's head,
text: touches the emblem, and answers.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: I've heard of you, man. You're
dialog: famous.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Yeah, I guess I am. And all of a
dialog: sudden, I'm not wearing the right
dialog: clothes.
text: And as he puts on his cap, he accepts the mantle as well.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. BRIDGE - CLOSE ON PINE BOX - MORNING 153
text: lowered from the top of the bridge. Hands reach up to
text: steady it and bring it gently to the ground. It's one of
dialog: many.
text: The Postman and Abby gasp as the Mayor opens the lid to
text: reveal: 20 well-oiled rifles and 15 pistols with ammo.
text: The Postman blinks over at the Mayor.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: Fact that we don't allow 'em
dialog: doesn't mean we don't have 'em.
dialog: We're not stupid, after all.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I'm sorry I've brought this on
dialog: you.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: No need to be sorry. Long as we
dialog: get our mail on time.
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL (O.S.)
dialog: Ready for duty, sir.
text: The Postman looks over to see Ponytail, Drew and Chubby
text: ride up. Like him, they are back in uniform.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: The order was to burn all
dialog: uniforms.
text: The carriers look away -- sheepish.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: 153 CONTINUED: 153
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You know what to do then?
speaker_heading: PONYTAIL
dialog: Talk to the people. Gather who's
dialog: willing. Tell them it's
dialog: important. Tell them we can make
dialog: a difference.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY SENTRY
dialog: And tell 'em we're going to kick
dialog: ass.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Yeah, tell them that, too.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. NEAR BRIDGE - DAY 154
text: At the edge of the Gorge. The three carriers, and the
text: mounted locals thunder off the bridge and down the road.
dialog: High above...
scene_heading: 155 EXT. HIGH TENSION TOWER - POSTMAN AND ABBY 155
text: The Mayor is in the b.g. helping one of the sentries
dialog: prepare the basket for travel.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: This is hard for me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Michael was the best man I ever
dialog: knew. I never thought there'd be
dialog: another man I could love the way I
dialog: loved him.
dialog: (searching for
dialog: the words)
dialog: I don't know why I've been so
dialog: blessed. And I've tried to find a
dialog: way to be thankful, but I swear,
dialog: if I lose you...
text: Her eyes start to tear and he takes her in his arms.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Abby, do you think a lie can
dialog: become the truth?
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: I don't know, but I believe in
dialog: you. You have a gift, Postman. I
dialog: saw it back in Pine View.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: 155 CONTINUED: 155
speaker_heading: ABBY (CONT'D)
dialog: You made Mrs. March feel like she
dialog: could see again. You made Ford
dialog: feel like he was part of the
dialog: world. You give out hope like it
dialog: was candy in your pocket.
text: He starts to speak. She stops him, taking his hand.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: When you come back, we'll be
dialog: waiting here for you. So you can
dialog: take us to St. Rose.
text: The Postman lets go of her hand and starts for the basket.
text: The Mayor gestures to the line of towers extending into
dialog: the distance.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: There's three good-sized towns up
dialog: that way. Enough folks to be a
dialog: big help to you. If you can
dialog: convince them to come.
text: As The Postman steps into the basket, he makes the mistake
text: of looking over the edge. It's a long, long way down.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: A lot higher than it looks, huh?
text: The Postman looks at the contraption with more than a
text: little trepidation. The Mayor grins.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: Don't tell anybody, but I like to
dialog: ride the damn thing just for the
dialog: hell of it. Being a city official
dialog: has its perks.
text: He winks and as he reaches for the release pin. The
text: Postman's hand meets his there.
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: Trust me, man. This'll get you
dialog: there a lot faster.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: How do I stop --
text: But it's too late. The Mayor releases the pin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: 155 CONTINUED: (2) 155
scene_heading: B.C. MAYOR
dialog: Don't worry about it. Good luck
dialog: and Godspeed.
speaker_heading: COUNTERWEIGHT
text: Plummeting into the Columbia River Gorge. The Mayor lets
text: out a rebel yell.
speaker_heading: BASKET
text: The Postman is whipped along, past the riders below. The
text: speed exhilarating.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. PINE VIEW, OREGON - DAY 156
text: The town's gone, but the palisade remains. Chubby rides
text: along it, exhorting the people who watch from above. But
text: it's The Postman we hear, all the magic back in his voice.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN (V.O.)
text: Once more into the breach, dear
text: friends, once more. Or close the
dialog: wall with our dead. In peace
dialog: nothing so becomes a man as
dialog: modesty and humility. But when
dialog: the blast of war blows in our
text: ears, then imitate the action of
dialog: the tiger.
scene_heading: 157 EXT. ELVIS, OREGON - NIGHT 157
text: A few makeshift structures are back up. Carrying a torch,
text: Ponytail gallops hard into town. People wake, including
text: Mrs. March's daughter. As Ponytail speaks to them...
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Summon up the blood. Disguise
dialog: fair nature with rage and lend the
dialog: eye a terrible aspect.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. FIELD - DAY 158
text: Captured by a Holnist cavalry patrol, Old George and four
text: other carriers are lined up, hands bound before them.
text: Holnist soldiers force them to their knees as Gibbs
text: organizes an impromptu firing squad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: 158 CONTINUED: 158
text: Old George looks down the line. The carriers are about to
dialog: break down.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGE
text: Steady, boys, steady.
text: And as Gibbs steps up, all hope is gone.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: In accordance with Law Eight...
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGE
dialog: Get on with it, you floppy-eared
dialog: sonuvabitch!
text: We see the faces of the young carriers. Defeated, bitter.
text: But there's a sudden spark in Old George's eyes. He
text: starts to rise.
text: The soldiers pick up their guns and that's when they see
dialog: The Postman.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
text: Riding over the crest. Galloping toward them. Behind
text: him, forty new mail carriers. All riding like mad. One
text: of them carries the flag of the restored United States.
text: Gibbs and his men run for their horses. SHOTS are FIRED.
text: Four Holnists go down. The rest gallop away.
text: The Postman and his carriers meet.
scene_heading: 159 EXT. CROSSROADS - DAY 159
text: Converging. The Postman with his forty-five coming from
text: the west. Drew, Chubby, and a ragtag thirty coming from
text: the north. And from the south, Ponytail leading a
dialog: contingent of fifty!
text: The forces converge and continue east.
scene_heading: 160 EXT. HOLNIST CAMP - DAY 160
text: The army has gathered. Three hundred strong.
text: Bethlehem and Getty stand outside the command tent,
text: listening to a winded, frightened Gibbs. We FOLLOW
text: Bethlehem's eyes OVER Gibbs' SHOULDERS TO the horizon,
text: where he sees: The Postman and his army of two hundred
text: carriers cresting a distant rise.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: 160 CONTINUED: 160
speaker_heading: GIBBS (O.S.)
dialog: ... We were outnumbered, sir.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
text: A least a hundred. With guns.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (feigning shock)
dialog: With guns? Are you sure?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Yes, sir...
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Looks more like two hundred to
dialog: me...
text: He steps away to get a better vantage point of the
text: approaching army. He reaches out -- Getty hands him a
text: pair of binoculars.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
text: (donning a pair of
dialog: leather gloves)
dialog: Only thing worse than a coward is
dialog: one who can't count. Lieutenant,
dialog: do yourself a favor. Die well in
dialog: this battle. In my army a
text: deserter's life is a brief and
dialog: unpleasant one.
text: Bethlehem watches The Postman through the binoculars -- a
text: hint of a smile on his face.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: At last, someone with courage
dialog: enough to bring the fight to me.
text: A Holnist soldier stands by with Bethlehem's horse. The
dialog: General mounts -- the model of military calm and
text: precision. Getty reins up beside him.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Reckoning, gentlemen. This is the
dialog: day I've dreamed of.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. BATTLEFIELD - DAY 161
text: A sea of wildflowers separates the carriers from the
text: Holnists. The monster John Deere gun is ready for battle.
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: 162 EXT. HOLNIST LINE - DAY 162
text: Bethlehem stands with Getty, scanning the postal line with
text: his binoculars. The carriers look, just spoiling for a
text: fight. Bethlehem lowers his binoculars, smiles grimly.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
text: They're an eager-looking bunch.
dialog: Morale's a dangerous thing.
dialog: (to Getty)
dialog: Bring him up. I want this postman
dialog: to see how the game is played.
scene_heading: 163 EXT. CARRIERS' LINE - DAY 163
text: The Postman, Chubby, Ponytail and Old George and all the
dialog: carriers have taken positions.
text: The Postman sights through a telescope.
text: He scans further down the line -- then stops when he sees
text: Ford. Bloody, beaten within inches of his life. He's
text: shackled -- surrounded by Holnist guards.
text: The Postman's eyes turn to stone.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (to carriers)
dialog: Stay here. No one moves until I
dialog: give the orders.
text: He clicks his horse forward, toward the Holnist line.
scene_heading: 164 EXT. HOLNIST LINE - DAY 164
text: Bethlehem, flanked by Getty and the Holnist Sergeant,
text: watches as The Postman makes his approach. He reaches
text: into his pocket, withdraws a white kerchief and holds it
text: in the air.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Are they surrendering?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: God, I hope not.
text: He watches for a moment as The Postman crosses the field -
text: - moving well within range of Holnist fire. Then, he
text: coaxes his horse forward.
dialog: 131.
scene_heading: 165 EXT. MEADOW - DAY 165
text: Bethlehem and The Postman riding toward each other. They
text: meet when The Postman is almost three-quarters of the way
text: over to the Holnists' side.
scene_heading: BETHLEHEM AND POSTMAN
text: As they come face-to-face.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: My little shipping clerk.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: We're both a couple of frauds.
dialog: You know it; I know it.
text: Bethlehem sneers.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Great men are made by other great
dialog: men. Patton had Rommel. Grant
dialog: had Lee. But I get you.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: You're no fucking general. You're
text: a copying machine salesman.
dialog: You're not even a good painter.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Are you trying to goad me into a
dialog: fight?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Wouldn't it be great if wars could
dialog: be fought just by the assholes who
dialog: started them? We could settle
dialog: this thing right here. You and
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Unfortunately, it doesn't work
dialog: that way.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: It does in your army.
text: The Postman kicks his horse up into a gallop, and rides up
text: the Holnist line. No one, least of all Bethlehem, is sure
dialog: what's going on.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I invoke law seven of the Laws of
dialog: Eight! Any man may challenge for
dialog: leadership of the clan!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: 165
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: What?
text: The Postman wheels his horse around.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I challenge you.
text: Bethlehem is caught completely by surprise, but recovers.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You're not a Holnist. You're not
dialog: a member of the clan. You don't
dialog: have the right.
text: The Postman rolls up his sleeve. He rides the Holnist
text: lines displaying his brand for all to see. The Holnists
text: murmur amongst themselves.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I have every right. I invoke law
dialog: seven!
text: Bethlehem can't believe his eyes.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I challenge for leadership of the
dialog: clan!
dialog: The seed of doubt is planted. Is Bethlehem violating one
text: of the Laws of Eight? The men look at one another. Gibbs
text: looks to Getty. Bethlehem looks from The Postman's tattoo
text: to his face.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Where do I know you from?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: 'Cry Havoc! And let slip the dogs
dialog: of war.' Remember that?
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Shakespeare. The one who didn't
dialog: want to fight.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: I should've found a way to kill
dialog: you then. But you seemed so
text: strong.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Law seven it is.
dialog: (to all)
dialog: This war is settled here!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: (2) 165
text: As The Postman nods in agreement.
text: They take their positions -- and without a word -- they
text: kick their horses into a charge. Coming straight for each
text: other like medieval jousters.
text: Bethlehem reaches for his sword. But before it clears the
text: scabbard, The Postman lunges.
text: The horses collide. Bethlehem and The Postman hit the
text: ground hard.
text: Holnists and Carriers alike begin to move forward for a
dialog: better look.
text: The fight is fierce. Bloody. The Postman and Bethlehem
text: are at each other like coiled snakes.
dialog: It's more of a fight than any of the Holnists --
text: especially Getty -- expected. The spectators pull in
dialog: tighter.
text: Both combatants have taken a beating -- and still, they
text: fight on -- trading bloody, raw-knuckled punches.
text: One of Bethlehem's connects. The Postman loses his
text: footing, hits the ground -- knocking his head on a rock
text: with a resounding CRACK. Dazed, he's slow to rise.
text: It's just the moment Bethlehem needs, he straddles the
text: fallen Postman, reaches for his knife with one hand --
text: grabs The Postman's throat with the other.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: I study people. I know your
dialog: problem. Do you know why you
dialog: can't fight?
text: The Postman can't answer.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: You have nothing to fight for.
dialog: You don't care about anything.
dialog: You don't value anything. You
dialog: don't believe in anything. That's
dialog: what makes me better.
text: The Postman grabs Bethlehem's knife-hand -- using all his
text: remaining strength to keep him at bay.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: I believe in the United States
dialog: Postal Service.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: (3) 165
text: The Postman lets go of Bethlehem's hands, grabs his belt
text: and pulls him over. As they roll to their feet, The
text: Postman club-fists Bethlehem on the side of the head.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Neither snow...
dialog: (wham!)
dialog: Nor rain...
dialog: (wham!)
dialog: Nor heat...
dialog: (wham!)
dialog: Nor gloom of night...
dialog: (wham!)
dialog: Will stay this courier from the
dialog: swift completion of his appointed
dialog: rounds...
text: Bethlehem reels, stumbling back. The Postman pounces on
text: top of him, begins to strangle him. Bethlehem tries to
text: pry the fingers from his throat, but can't. He's going to
dialog: die.
text: The Postman is urged on. By both sides. Holnists.
text: Carriers. Ford. Even Holnist Luke. He looks up at the
text: faces -- and finally lets Bethlehem go. The General gasps
dialog: for breath.
text: As Ponytail and Chubby move forward to untie Ford, The
text: Postman looks to both sides.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: It doesn't have to be this way.
dialog: We don't have to kill each other.
dialog: We can live together. We can --
text: Ford takes Chubby's pistol, sets it against the side of
text: Bethlehem's head.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Law three. Mercy is for the weak.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Ford, don't...
text: Bethlehem shakes his head -- doesn't want him to, either.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Law eight. There is only one
dialog: penalty and that penalty is death.
dialog: Ford's going to shoot.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: (4) 165
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: He isn't worth it. I'm the head
dialog: of the clan now! There are going
dialog: to be new laws!
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Law one! No more killing!
dialog: There's going to be peace!
text: The Postman looks at carriers and Holnists alike.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Who else? Who else has a law?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Everyone has to learn how to read.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: That's law two. Who else?!
speaker_heading: CARRIER #1
dialog: Three. Liberty and justice for
dialog: all!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Four. No more tattoos.
speaker_heading: CARRIER #2
dialog: Law five. Give peace a chance!
scene_heading: HOLNIST SOLDIER #2
dialog: Law six. Mercy is, it's okay
dialog: sometimes!
speaker_heading: CARRIER #3
dialog: Seven! Bring back vacations!
text: The Postman nods solemnly, looks to Ford.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: How about it, Ford Lincoln
dialog: Mercury? You give us law eight.
text: Ford grits his teeth.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: (close -- for Ford)
dialog: Be a leader, Ford.
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: Law eight...
text: Ford FIRES! Bethlehem flinches, then sags as he realizes
text: Ford has fired into the ground.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: (5) 165
speaker_heading: FORD
dialog: ... Live and let live.
text: The Postman smiles in relief as Ford lowers the revolver
text: and starts to hand the weapon over.
text: Forgotten for an instant, Bethlehem makes a last, wild
text: lunge, grabs Ford's gun.
text: As Bethlehem aims at The Postman, a SHOT rings out. Hit
text: in the chest, Bethlehem blinks in amazement before he
text: falls to the ground, dying. Getty has shot him.
speaker_heading: BETHLEHEM
dialog: Would I had bestowed that time in
dialog: the tongues that I have in
text: fencing, dancing and bear-baiting.
dialog: Oh, had I but followed the arts...
text: He dies.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Grow like savages -- as soldiers
dialog: will -- that nothing do but
dialog: mediate on blood.
text: Getty throws his rifle on the ground. Other weapons are
text: laid down. The war, at long last, is over.
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Somebody take a letter.
speaker_heading: CHUBBY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: A letter...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 166 INT. ABBY'S PLACE (BRIDGE CITY) - DAY 166
text: Abby, in bed, holding her new baby in her arms. She's
text: reading a letter. What she reads makes her smile. She
text: puts the letter down and cuddles her baby.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Your daddy wrote to tell you that
dialog: he'll be here as soon as he can.
dialog: And that he loves you very much.
text: Abby looks up to see The Postman standing at her door.
text: She looks at him, smiling with tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 137.
speaker_heading: 166 CONTINUED: 166
speaker_heading: THE POSTMAN
dialog: Mail's slow. I'll have to see
dialog: about that.
text: Abby smiles down at the child in her arms.
speaker_heading: ABBY
dialog: Your daughter. Her name is Hope.
text: The Postman takes the tiny child in his arms.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: And so my father returned home
dialog: after the Holnists were
dialog: defeated...
scene_heading: 167 EXT. ST. ROSE - DAY 167
text: A beach town. No wall, no sentries, just cottages lining
text: a dozen sand-swept streets. A crowd has gathered to hear
text: The Postman's daughter, HOPE, mid-thirties, speak. Beside
text: her, a bearded, 52-year-old Ford in his postmaster's
text: uniform. They stand before a large, tarp-draped statue.
speaker_heading: HOPE
dialog: But he never did see St. Rose.
dialog: There was too much to be done.
dialog: He'd made a promise and in keeping
dialog: it -- he traded one dream for
dialog: another. With no regrets. And
dialog: so, in honor of my father...
text: She unveils the statue: we've seen this before. It's The
text: Postman on his horse, low-slung in the saddle, leaning
text: down to pluck the letter from the Little Boy's hand.
text: There's an OLDER MAN in the audience who seems especially
text: moved by the statue. There's a younger man beside him.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: That was me.
text: As St. Rose applauds...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
