dialog: 
dialog: "The Fisher King," shooting draft, by Richard LaGravenese
dialog: the fisher king
dialog: by
dialog: Richard LaGravenese
speaker_heading: REVISED DRAFT
speaker_heading: Rev 6/31/90
scene_heading: [NOTE: THE HARD COPY OF THIS SCRIPT CONTAINED
scene_heading: SCENE NUMBERS & SOME "OMITTED" SCENE SLUGS.
text: THESE HAVE BEEN IGNORED FOR THIS SOFT COPY.]
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. DARKENED BEDROOM - DAWN
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON RADIO/ALARM CLOCK reads 5:59 a.m. The digital
text: numbers flip to 6:00 and the RADIO goes on: a talk show
text: host speaks in a soft, soothing voice:
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: It's six a.m.... Ooooooo and that bed
dialog: never felt sooooo gooood... Mmmm, you
text: linger in a warm, gentle dream
dialog: state... ever so comfortable... ever
dialog: so safe...
scene_heading: SFX: LOUD BATTLE NOISE
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... But suddenly you realize it's
dialog: Monday!
text: A woman SCREAMS... the D.J., JACK, speaks at a rapid fire
text: pace... a HAND from O.S. tries to shut the alarm off in
dialog: the dark.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... your hand races to shut off the
dialog: alarm before your mind wakes up...
text: SCREAMS... the HAND knocks over a water glass and grabs
text: the clock but can't find the off switch.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... But it's too late! If you don't
dialog: get out of bed now, you'll never have
dialog: enough time to blow dry your hair
dialog: that special way... You'll never make
dialog: that nine o'clock meeting that your
dialog: partner will be early for... You will
dialog: be late and everyone will notice!
text: The HAND bangs the clock violently...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Rumors will fly about you losing
dialog: your edge... Someone will casually
dialog: mention they saw you downing shots of
dialog: tequila at the Xmas party and before
dialog: you know it, you're spilling your
dialog: guys to a Senate committee or selling
dialog: yourself on street corners to middle
dialog: aged men from the Midwest...
dialog: Headlines flash across your mind --
dialog: "Sleeping Investment Banker Guns D.J.
dialog: Then Self -- Claimed -- 'I only
dialog: wanted two more minutes!'"
text: SCREAMS... SILENCE... The D.J. (Jack) speaks in a normal
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Hey, it's Monday morning, and I'm
dialog: Jack Lucas.
text: The HAND rips the clock off the night table.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING
text: A WOMAN in a bathrobe spoons the contents of a protein
dialog: drink called Executive Protein Blast into blender...
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (upset)
dialog: ... I don't have to talk to you.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Yes... Yes, you do because you see,
dialog: today, you're our...
speaker_heading: PRE-RECORDED ECHOING (V.O.)
dialog: Spotlight Celebrity.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MORNING
text: A naked man shaves as he listens to the RADIO.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: And in the spirit of fairness, we
dialog: want the public to hear your side of
dialog: things. So, now... how long were you
dialog: and Senator Peyton having this sleazy
dialog: affair?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I am tired of the public thinking
dialog: they've got the right to invade a
dialog: person's private life.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - MORNING
text: A woman sensually applying lipstick and makeup as:
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Oh please!... You had sex with a
dialog: United States Senator in the parking
dialog: lot of Sea World... You're telling me
dialog: you're a private kind of person.
dialog: No... you're our...
speaker_heading: PRE-RECORDED ECHOING (V.O.)
dialog: Spotlight Celebrity...
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: That's still all anybody talks about.
dialog: Nobody even thinks to ask whether we
dialog: loved each other.
scene_heading: EXT. WALL STREET AREA - MORNING
text: Hordes of business people stampeding towards their
dialog: jobs...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Because nobody cares about that,
dialog: sweetheart. Nobody wants to hear
dialog: about your romantic love. No. We
dialog: want to hear about the back seats of
dialog: limos... the ruined lives of people
dialog: we want to be... new and exotic uses
dialog: for champagne corks...
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - MORNING
text: People line up to buy coffee and danish.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Listen, I have been humiliated enough
dialog: already!
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Perhaps not -- We need those
dialog: details...
text: The Woman hangs up...
speaker_heading: JACK AND CREW
dialog: Ooooo...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION - MORNING
text: Escalators packed with people move like conveyor belts:
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Hi, this is Jack Lucas and we're
dialog: discussing personal pet peeves. Go
dialog: ahead, caller.
speaker_heading: CALLER (V.O.)
dialog: Okay... well... It's my husband...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Huh-huh.
scene_heading: GRAND CENTRAL - MAIN FLOOR - MORNING
text: Hundreds of people moving like ants in every direction:
speaker_heading: CALLER (V.O.)
dialog: He drives me crazy. I'll be talking
dialog: and he'll never let me finish a
dialog: sentence... He's always finishing
dialog: my...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: (overlaps)
dialog: -- Finishing your thoughts. That's
dialog: awful.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN NEW YORK - MORNING
text: Midtown traffic. Angry cab drivers yelling at
text: pedestrians.
speaker_heading: CALLER (V.O.)
dialog: Oh! It absolutely drives me...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: (cuts her off)
dialog: -- Drives you crazy, huh? The
dialog: scoundrel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. 30 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA - MORNING
speaker_heading: CALLER (V.O.)
dialog: Hello Jack. It's Edwin.
speaker_heading: JACK AND CREW (V.O.)
dialog: It's Edwin!!!!
text: "HAPPY DAYS ARE HERE AGAIN" plays then is abruptly
dialog: stopped.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Edwin. We haven't heard from you in
dialog: what -- a day?... I've missed you.
scene_heading: INT. EDWIN'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: INTERCUT Edwin on phone.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STUDIO - MORNING
text: OVERHEAD SHOT of radio host as he speaks, while he
text: manipulates tapes, dials, switches, etc... at a breakneck
dialog: speed...
speaker_heading: EDWIN (V.O.)
dialog: I've missed you too, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK AND CREW (O.S.)
dialog: Awwww.......!
text: SFX: "A SUMMER PLACE" -- THE NEEDLE IS SCRATCHED OFF
text: Edwin laughs, perhaps a bit over zealously -- He is a
text: simple minded soul... a lonely child in the body of a
dialog: lonely man.
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: So, Edwin, baby, this is Sunrise
dialog: Confession time... what have you got
dialog: for us?
speaker_heading: EDWIN (V.O.)
dialog: I... I... went to this bar... this
dialog: very, ya know -- hard-to-get-in
dialog: place... called Babbitt's...
text: The HANDS of the radio host pushing buttons, bending a
text: paperclip out of shape...
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, I know the place. It's one of
dialog: those chic yuppie gathering holes.
speaker_heading: EDWIN (V.O.)
dialog: (simple minded laughter)
dialog: Okay... I know but... I met this
dialog: beautiful girl...
text: Host's HANDS pop in a tape "WEDDING BELLS," then a
text: NEEDLE scratching it off.
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Now, Edwin, if you start telling me
dialog: you're in love again, I'm going to
dialog: have to remind you of the time we
dialog: made you propose to that check-out
dialog: girl at Thrifty's that you liked so
dialog: much. Remember her reaction...
text: Another TAPE, another button pressed:
speaker_heading: BLACK SEVENTIES GROUP (V.O.)
dialog: (sings)
dialog: "Mister Big Stuff... Huh... Tell
dialog: me... Who do you think you are...
dialog: Mister Big Stuff... you're never
dialog: gonna get my love..."
speaker_heading: EDWIN (V.O.)
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I wasn't serious about her, Jack.
dialog: That was just a joke for you guys...
dialog: She was just a girl. This is a
text: beautiful woman. She wears pearls.
text: CAMERA KEEPS MOVING about the studio and the host, but we
dialog: never see his face:
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, but does she swallow, Edwin?
speaker_heading: EDWIN (V.O.)
dialog: I think she likes me... she gave me
dialog: her number, but she must work a lot
dialog: cause when I call she's never home...
dialog: But I think we'll go out this
dialog: weekend... I've...
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, Edwin, sure... and Pinnochio is
dialog: a true story... Edwin! Wake up!
dialog: This is a fairytale...
text: The crew perform their duties with little enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: EDWIN (V.O.)
dialog: No, Jack, no, it's not... She likes
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: She gave you the old brusheroo,
dialog: kiddo... Believe me -- this tart will
dialog: never make it to your desert plate...
speaker_heading: EDWIN (V.O.)
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: She likes me. She said for me to
dialog: call!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL MCDONALD (V.O.)
dialog: (sings)
dialog: "What a fool believes... He sees..."
speaker_heading: EDWIN (V.O.)
dialog: (over the song)
dialog: Jack!
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Edwin... Edwin... Edwin... I told you
dialog: about these people. They only mate
dialog: with their own kind. It's called
dialog: Yuppie-In-Breeding... that's why so
text: many of them are retarded and wear
dialog: the same clothes. They're not human.
dialog: They can't feel love. They can only
dialog: negotiate love moments. They're
text: evil, Edwin. They're repulsed by
text: imperfection and horrified by the
dialog: banal -- everything America stands
dialog: for. Edwin, they have to be stopped
dialog: before it's too late. It's us or
dialog: them.
text: Slight pause, as EDWIN considers this.
speaker_heading: EDWIN (V.O.)
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Okay, Jack.
scene_heading: END CREDITS.
text: CAMERA PANS from a wall clock as JACK LUCAS winds up his
dialog: broadcast:
speaker_heading: JACK LUCAS (O.S.)
dialog: Well, folks... It's been a thrill, as
dialog: always.
dialog: (false sincerity)
dialog: "Have a perfect day"...
text: WE PAN several studio technicians making ready for the
text: end of the broadcast to the talk show host Jack Lucas --
dialog: handsome, aggressive, intelligent -- an underground media
dialog: star.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Everyone here on the Jack Lucas
dialog: Morning Show says "bye".
speaker_heading: CREW
dialog: Bye!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is Jack Lucas... So long...
dialog: arriverderch... I'll be sure to send
dialog: you a thought today as I lie in the
dialog: backseat of my stretch limo, have sex
dialog: with the teenager of my choice... And
dialog: that thought will be: Thank God I'm
dialog: me!
text: Jack motions to techy behind glass. Then leans back in
text: his chair, as a RADIO COMMERCIAL begins.
dialog: His expression seems grave -- not one you would expect
text: after a successful broadcast. He appears tired and
text: annoyed. He sighs in relief that it is over. The studio
text: team work around him in silence -- with no indication of
text: the relationship they have "on air." Jack pulls out a
text: bottle of aspirins and takes two.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing; annoyed,
dialog: to the room)
dialog: I want you all to know I'm getting
dialog: sick again and it's because someone
dialog: keeps forgetting to raise the
dialog: thermostat before I come in here...
dialog: My fucking ass is freezing for the
dialog: first hour.
text: A techy makes mocking faces behind his back. Another
text: techy suppresses a laugh.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/INT. LIMOUSINE - DAY
text: CLOSEUP of a script entitled: "On The Radio," a situation
text: comedy by Alan Siegal.
text: LOU ROSEN, Jack's agent, who sits in the backseat beside
text: Jack, thumbing through the script and chuckling to
text: himself. Jack stares in silence out the window.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You know some of this is very funny.
dialog: Cheever told me they've even secured
dialog: the rights to the Donna Summer song
text: to play over the credits.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (deadpan indifference)
dialog: Ooooo, I have chills...
dialog: (deadpan interest)
dialog: Are you sure they want me? I won't
dialog: read unless I have an offer.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Jack, of course... Not even a
dialog: question. When I spoke to him on the
dialog: phone this morning, I could actually
dialog: smell how much they want you for it.
dialog: I could smell it over the phone.
text: A street bum, half dressed, walks in between the stopped
text: cars, banging on the windows and asking for money. He
text: BANGS on Jack's window. Jack stares at him through the
text: tinted glass.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (continuing; looking
dialog: through his pockets)
dialog: I don't think I have any change.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (adamant)
dialog: I am not opening this window.
dialog: (looks at the bum)
dialog: A couple of quarters isn't going to
dialog: make any difference anyway.
text: The bum looks at the reflection of himself in the
text: mirrored window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: An expansive Tribeca loft. The modern, minimalist decor
text: gives it a sleek, cold feeling. A space full of glass,
text: angles and edges, with no place to feel safe and sound.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - DAY
text: The mirrored door closes revealing Jack's reflection --
text: He takes a good look at his face in the mirror -- admiring
text: every contour, every pore. He mumbles as he's making
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I hate my cheeks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Jack's girlfriend, SONDRA -- an artist with a beautifully
text: sculptured face and body -- sleek, cold, like Jack's
text: apartment, she is eating a bowl of cereal, studying the
text: cereal box. Beside her is a sketchpad with an ink
text: drawing of a stalk of wheat (similar to the cereal box)
text: growing out of the belly button of a naked male-figure
text: who's torso/pelvis is shaped like a map of America. Jack
text: enters, toweling his hair.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Can I ask that when you clean your
dialog: hands you wipe the ink off the inside
text: of the sink before it stains the
text: stainless steel.
speaker_heading: SONDRA
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: You can ask.
text: Jack exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Jack has in his hand the television script entitled, "On
dialog: The Radio."
speaker_heading: SONDRA (O.S.)
dialog: Raoul called before. About dinner.
text: Jack quickly opens his eyes. Sondra crosses to the wall
text: of closets and begins to undress.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: About dinner as a concept or about
dialog: dinner with...
dialog: (over-enunciating)
dialog: Raoul?
speaker_heading: SONDRA
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: You're so witty. I'm so jealous... I
dialog: need to get out of here, Jack, and do
dialog: something other than sit in this
dialog: apartment and count how many funny
dialog: lines you have per page.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know, tomorrow's a very big day
dialog: for me... It would be nice if you
dialog: acted like you understood.
speaker_heading: SONDRA
dialog: Fine. I'll say no.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They're putting me on film tomorrow.
speaker_heading: SONDRA (O.S.)
dialog: (peeved)
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (deeply felt)
dialog: ... First time in my life I'll be a
dialog: voice with a body. Do you know what
dialog: that means? What this could lead to?
speaker_heading: SONDRA
text: (unsnapping her bra
dialog: in the front)
dialog: Jack, it's a sitcom -- you're not
dialog: defining Pi.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'll remember that the next time you
text: get excited by drawing pubic hairs on
dialog: raisin bran.
dialog: (lighting joint and
dialog: inhaling)
dialog: Want some?
speaker_heading: SONDRA
dialog: No, I have to work.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How un-sixties of you.
speaker_heading: SONDRA
dialog: I was nine in the sixties.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I used to think my biography
scene_heading: would be JACK LUCAS - THE FACE
text: BEHIND THE VOICE, but now it
dialog: can be JACK LUCAS, THE FACE
dialog: "AND" THE VOICE...or maybe just
scene_heading: JACK - EXCLAMATION POINT...
speaker_heading: JACK'S POV -
text: SONDRA slips off her top as she climbs the stairs.
text: JACK eyes her sexy back. Feeling sexy, he rises and follows her.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT.
text: SONDRA leans over and turns on the shower.
text: JACK naked legs enters the bathroom behind her and closes
text: the door. CAMERA ON BATHROOM DOOR as we hear:
speaker_heading: SONDRA (O.S.)
dialog: (unaffected)
dialog: Jack, I have work to do too.
text: JACK seduces SONDRA O.S.
speaker_heading: SONDRA (O.S.)
dialog: ...Can't we do this later?...
speaker_heading: (PAUSE)
dialog: All right..well..If we do this now, can
dialog: I have dinner with Raoul?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BATHROOM FLOOR
text: CAMERA PANS a brown paper bag, a plate of half-eaten Chinese
text: food, a bottle of beer into a bathtub where JACK languishes
text: in a bubble bath studying his script. In the B.G. we hear
text: Ella Fitzgerald singing, "I'VE GOT THE WORLD ON A STRING"...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: "Hey...for-...
text: False start. JACK clears his throat, pauses, then tries again...
dialog: (sarcastic...insincere...)
dialog: "Hey! Forgiiiive ME!"
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: JACK'S BEDROOM - NIGHT.
text: Alarm clock reads 11:15. JACK is still rehearsing, while the
text: T.V. plays with no sound.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: " HEY! Forgive MEEE!" ....
scene_heading: ...FOR-GIVE-ME ...
dialog: Hey...forgive me!
text: (HE smiles and shuts the script:)
dialog: I have this...I really have this...
text: HE tosses the script aside and rubs his head. HE suddenly
text: notices, on the soundless T.V., a picture of himself on
text: a news broadcast. Confused, he raises the volume with the remote.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION - NEWS DESK - NIGHT.
text: A news broadcast: a REPORTER in mid-report.
speaker_heading: JACK'S VOICE OVER
dialog: "...everything America stands for.
dialog: Edwin, they have to be stopped before
dialog: it's too late.... It's us or them."
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: It was Mr. Lucas's off-handed remark that
dialog: seemed to have a fatal impact on Mr.
dialog: Malnick...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BABBITT'S - NIGHT.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
text: An after work hot spot, Babbitt's
dialog: is popular with single young
dialog: professionals.
speaker_heading: REPORTER ON SCENE (CONT'D)
dialog: Edwin Malnick arrived
dialog: at the peak hour of seven-fifteen,
text: took one long look at the handsome
dialog: collection of the city's best and
dialog: brightest - then removed a shotgun
text: from his overcoat and opened fire.
text: JACK'S face turns white.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. - BABBITT'S - NIGHT.
text: To be INTERCUT with JACK'S APARTMENT.
text: The bar's glass has been blasted. Tables are overturned.
text: Paramedics are running about.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Seven people were killed before
dialog: Mr. Malnick ...
text: A PICTURE OF EDWIN MALNICK is shown as the REPORTER continues;
text: ... turned the gun on himself and shot
text: a hole through his head....
text: EDWIN MALNICK looked sad and harmless. JACK quickly grabs the
text: PHONE and RE-PLUGS it. HE is about to make a call when he is
text: stopped by the REPORTER mentioning his name...
dialog: ...Representatives of radio cult personality
dialog: Jack Lucas expressed regret, however
text: no formal comment has been made. None of Babbitt's
dialog: regulars had ever seen Edwin Malnick
dialog: before....but tonight, few will
dialog: soon forget this lonely man - who reached
dialog: out to a world he knew only through the
dialog: radio - looking for friendship...and
dialog: finding only pain...and tragedy...
text: This is Marc Saffron...Channel Ten news.
text: JACK is frozen. His breathing grows heavy.
text: HIS phone begins to ring. but JACK is unable to move.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VIDEO STOP - DAY
text: CAMERA PANS DOWN from the tall skyscrapers to the tiny
text: video store that sits as if in a valley between two
text: mountains. PAN toward the store as we FOLLOW a customer
text: through the door we SUPER: A YEAR or so LATER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO POP - DAY
text: CAMERA TRACKS through variety of customers looking
text: through the rentals, past the counter where employees are
dialog: helping the clientele and into the:
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO POP OFFICE
text: Continuing to a CLOSE UP of the headline of a sensation-
text: alist tabloid -- "WOMAN KILLS PLASTIC SURGEON THEN SELF,
text: TOLD FRIENDS; I CAN'T BLINK WITHOUT PAIN."
text: The picture of a bug-eyed society woman is below the
text: caption. A hand comes out from behind the paper,
text: reaching for a bottle of scotch on the table. The bottle
text: disappears behind the paper.
text: ANNE, the owner of the store, enters abruptly -- closing
text: the office door behind her, a cigarette dangling for her
text: mouth. Her desk is organized litter -- her walls are
text: filled with porno tapes. She searches for one as she
dialog: talks:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: These people are insane today.
dialog: They took insane pills...
text: A bit about Anne as she searches for a video: Anne is in
dialog: her mid-to-late thirties... and she is all woman! She
text: has a raw, earthy, unmistakable sensuality. Her red
text: lipstick matches her red nail polish like a hat and glove
text: set. Inlaid on each nail is a rhinestone design of a
text: little star. Her angora sweaters are tight and clinging,
text: giving her breasts a decided lift and perkiness. Her
text: backless pumps slap the ground. A half-smoked cigarette
text: hangs out of her mouth with great expertise -- a skill
text: Anne obviously picked up in a high school bathroom. Her
text: voice is thick with a delicious Brooklyn twang.
dialog: She is pure streetwise in attitude, philosophy and emotions.
text: She turns and speaks to the man behind the tabloid.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey! Mr. Happiness!
text: The man lowers the newspaper: it is Jack Lucas: no
text: longer the aggressive radio star but more -- a man who
text: looks like he hasn't slept in months. An intolerant,
text: paranoid, self-pitying misanthrope. The outrageous
text: articles fascinate him. Anne removes the paper and
text: scotch bottle.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Are we going to work today or what?
text: Jack stares back. Anne waits for an answer. Jack looks
text: through the open office door and sees the store is packed
dialog: with rush hour customers -- any one, a potential mass
dialog: murderer.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hello!!!
text: Jack jumps a bit then rises and crosses out the door
dialog: cautiously.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO POP - DAY
text: Jack's POV -- CAMERA MOVES "cautiously," taking in the
text: crowd as they move about the walls of movies. Suddenly,
text: the giant face of a FRUMPY SECRETARY -- POPS INTO FRAME.
speaker_heading: FRUMPY SECRETARY
dialog: (to JACK)
dialog: Can you help me!...
text: Jack subtly shudders at the surprise. He stares deadpan.
speaker_heading: FRUMPY SECRETARY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... I'm at an absolute loss. I've
dialog: been looking for an hour -- I'm
dialog: losing my mind.
dialog: (overly dramatic,
dialog: rambling on)
dialog: ... I'm sort of in the mood for a
dialog: Katharine Hepburny, Cary Granty kinda
dialog: thing -- Nothing heavy... I couldn't
dialog: take heavy. Somethin' zany. I need
dialog: zany.
text: JACK stares at her, at a loss. SHE gets an inspiration.
speaker_heading: FRUMPY SECRETARY
dialog: ...OH! OH! Do you have anything with that...
dialog: comedian who's on that show? What's it -
dialog: ON THAT RADIO! Ya know, the guy that
dialog: says "HEY...FORGIVE ME...!
text: JACK grins his teeth and stares like a madman while ANNE,
text: aware of the affect this phrase has on him, throws a worried
text: look from the cash register. The FRUMPY SECRETARY laughs:
speaker_heading: FRUMPY SECRETARY
dialog: I get such a kick outta the way
dialog: he says that...He's so adorable!
dialog: Didn't he make a movie...
dialog: I need something like that -
dialog: a funny, no brainy kinda thing.
text: JACK stares at the woman manically then turns to the shelves of
text: movies behind the desk. Selecting one, he hands it to her.
speaker_heading: FRUMPY SECRETARY
dialog: Great...
dialog: (reading box aloud)
scene_heading: "ORDINARY PEEPHOLES"
text: THE WOMAN'S eyes go wide. JACK stares at her deadpan.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's kind of a - Big Titty-
dialog: Spread Cheeky kinda thing...
text: ANNE, who has heard this entire exchange, has to bite her
text: lip to prevent herself from laughing...SHE pulls JACK away.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: ...I'm sorry.
dialog: (almost laughing)
dialog: I need to borrow him for a moment.
text: As ANNE tugs at his sleeve, JACK eyes the WOMAN like a maniac
text: being lead away from his prey.
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO POP OFFICE - DAY.
text: ANNE stands before JACK who leans against her office door.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Are you in a mood today baby? Is this one of
dialog: those days when you're in ...whadda call it...
dialog: an emotional abyss? Talk to me, cause I don't
dialog: understand these moods.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Anne, they're MY moods. If you want to
dialog: understand moods, have one of your own!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Why don't you go upstairs... take the day off.
dialog: All right?...I'll cook tonight.
text: SHE kisses him, then exits. JACK is not comforted in the least
text: by this show of affection - especially when he notices her bra
text: strap sticking out from her sweater.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you going for a specific look with this?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT ABOVE VIDEO POP - NIGHT (RAINING)
text: Anne and Jack sit around a formica kitchen table in
text: silence after eating dinner. Anne smokes a cigarette. A
text: portable TV sits on a stand before them --
scene_heading: SITCOM ON TV (INTERCUT WITH ANNE'S APT.)
text: We hear a STUDIO AUDIENCE LAUGHING on the TV... Anne
text: herself can't help but laugh. She snorts from trying to
text: keep it in. Jack shoots her a dirty look.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Well, it's funny! Whatta want from
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's not funny. It's... sophomoric
dialog: and mindless... and dumb.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Then why the hell do we watch all the
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (in one breath)
dialog: Because it makes me feel good to see
dialog: how not funny it is and how America
dialog: doesn't know the first thing about
dialog: funny which makes it easier not being
dialog: a famous funny TV celebrity because
dialog: that would just mean that I'm not
dialog: really talented.
speaker_heading: TV ACTOR (V.O.)
dialog: Well forgiivvee meee...
text: APPLAUSE and LAUGHTER... Anne just stares at Jack.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You're a sick fuck... I don't know
dialog: why you torture yourself.
dialog: (she hits his head)
dialog: Too many thoughts -- too crowded in
dialog: there. You should read a book.
text: She picks up her paperback and begins to read.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's important to think. It's what
dialog: separates us from lentils... and
dialog: people who read books like...
dialog: (reading her paperback
dialog: cover)
dialog: ... "Love's Flower Bed."
text: He gets up to get a drink from Anne's makeshift bar.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: It happens to be a beautiful love
dialog: story.
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Ya know, you used to like that about
dialog: me. You used to say you liked that I
dialog: didn't make you think so much. That
dialog: we could be together and not think...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, well... suicidal paranoiacs say
dialog: funny things sometimes.
text: Anne is deeply hurt by this. She gathers her dignity and
text: exits into the bedroom, slamming the door behind her.
text: Jack downs his drink as the sitcom returns to the TV O.S.
speaker_heading: TV ACTOR (V.O.)
dialog: I hope when I'm your age you're
dialog: finally dead!
text: Big LAUGHTER.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Madness.
text: Fed up, Jack throws his coat on, storms out and slams the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VIDEO POP - NIGHT (RAINY)
text: Jack exits into the rain, tearing his coat on the front
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Jack, depressed and wet, walks the streets of New York.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JACK'S OLD APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Jack stands before his old building, looking at it
text: longingly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLAZA HOTEL - NIGHT - RAIN
text: A wet Jack stops to watch the goings on at the entrance.
text: He sees a limousine at the Plaza -- parked and awaiting
text: its occupants. A handsome man in his forties exits the
text: hotel and walks toward the limo. He is holding the hand
text: of his six year old SON, who is carrying a two foot high
text: plastic, smiling Pinnochio doll. Both father and son are
text: dressed in ties and jackets. Jack watches in envy. His
text: ripped, wet clothes a shabby reflection of the man's. He
text: eyes the limo with longing. As the man tips the doorman,
text: a BUM approaches and asks for money. When the man
text: refuses and turns his back to enter the limp, the Bum
text: becomes aggressive and starts pulling at the man's jacket
dialog: and yells:
speaker_heading: BUM
dialog: Merry fucking Christmas... Happy
dialog: fucking New Year!!
text: He continues to harass the man, who pushes his son away.
text: The doorman comes to the man's rescue. As they both try
text: to pull the Bum off the man, the six year old son notices
text: Jack and walks calmly over.
text: Jack, mesmerized by the scene, doesn't notice the Boy.
speaker_heading: BOY (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Bum.
text: Jack looks down. The Boy stands directly before him.
text: Jack sort of smiles. The Boy extends his arms and offers
text: the Pinnochio doll to Jack. Jack is confused but the Boy
text: simply deposits the doll into his arms and walks back to
text: the limo. By that time, the Bum is being held by the
text: doorman, and both father and son enter the limo.
text: Jack holds the doll. He is surrounded by street people
text: asleep or drunk on the sidewalk near the hotel. He
text: angrily realizes there's not much difference between him
dialog: and them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Anybody here named Jimeny?
text: A drunk groans. Jack snaps the doll under his arm and
dialog: walks O.S.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: STATUE NEAR PLAZA - RAIN
text: TIGHT SHOT of newspaper front page on sidewalk... Headline
text: reads: "FIFTH HOMELESS MAN FOUND BURNED ALIVE"... CAMERA
text: MOVES OUT to reveal that the paper is covering the head of
text: a street person sleeping on the edge of the stone, flowered
text: dividers on Park Ave... CAMERA PANS OVER to a drunken Jack,
text: sitting on the sidewalk against the divider, having a
text: conversation with Pinnochio beside him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You ever read any Nietzsche?...
text: The smiling Pinnochio clearly has not.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Nieztsche says that there are two
dialog: kinds of people in this world...
dialog: People who are destined for greatness
dialog: like... Walt Disney and... Hitler...
dialog: and then there's the rest of us... He
dialog: called us the Bungled and Botched.
dialog: We get teased. We sometimes get
dialog: close to greatness but we never get
dialog: there. We're the expendable masses.
text: We get pushed in front of trains...
dialog: take poison aspirins... get gunned
dialog: down in Dairy Queens...
text: He drinks from his Jack Daniels bottle...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You wanna hear my new title for my
dialog: biography, my little Italian
dialog: friend... "It Was No Fucking Picnic -
dialog: The Jack Lucas Story". Like it?...
dialog: Just nod yes or no...
dialog: (tries it in Pig-Italian)
dialog: "Il Nouva Esta Fuckin' Pinicko" --
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: You're a good kid... Just say no to
dialog: drugs...
dialog: (he nods and drinks)
dialog: Ya ever get the feeling sometimes...
dialog: you're being punished for your
dialog: sins...?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST RIVER, NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT
text: CLOSEUP of two feet standing beneath the railing
text: overlooking the East River. Taped to one ankle is a
text: brick. Taped to the other is a brick around a smiling
text: Pinnochio doll. An empty bottle of liquor drops to the
text: ground and shatters.
text: Jack stands prepared to surrender his fate and make the
text: final leap. He stares at the river, almost smiling. He
text: has made his decision. He is calm and serene. He raises
text: his foot over the railing.
text: The headlights of a car drive INTO FRAME, illuminating
text: Jack. He turns to see:
speaker_heading: LEATHER (O.S.)
dialog: What's going on?...
text: Two white upperclass JUEVENILE DELINQUENTS -- one wearing
text: a leather jacket, the other a high school windbreaker --
text: get out of the car. Each is carrying a gallon of
text: gasoline. Leather also carries a bat. Jack is drunk but
text: he is immediately aware of the danger when he spots the
dialog: gasoline cans.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: I said what's going on?
dialog: (walks up to Jack)
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Jack shakes his head and before he knows it, Leather
text: shoves the bat into his gut, sinking Jack to his knees.
text: Windbreaker places the gasoline cans on the bench and
text: begins to unscrew them.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You shouldn't hang around this
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (clutching his stomach)
dialog: I... I was just leaving.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: People spend a lot of hard earned
dialog: money for this neighborhood. It's
dialog: not fair... looking out their windows
dialog: to see your ass asleep on the
dialog: streets...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes... I... I agree...
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: Good.
dialog: (to Windbreaker)
dialog: You believe this drunk?
text: Windbreaker shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: .....Me neither.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No...No please...!
text: WINDBREAKER hands LEATHER the can, who raises it above JACK'S
text: head. AS THE GASOLINE SLOWLY LEAKS ONTO A PETRIFIED JACK SEES A
text: FIGURE MOVING OUT FROM THE DARKNESS.
speaker_heading: FIGURE
dialog: All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
text: Startled, THE YOUTHS TURN to the shadows.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: What the-....
text: AN ARROW with a rubber suction tip comes flying out of the
text: dark and connects to WINDBREAKER's groin.
speaker_heading: WINDBREAKER
speaker_heading: AHHH!
text: A FIGURE stands backlit - mysterious and powerful, noble and
text: fearless. JACK, LEATHER and WINDBREAKER instinctually bond
text: together in the face of this fourth unknown entity.
text: The figure turns out to be a BUM. Grimy face, tattered layers
text: of clothing beneath a long over coat, a pork pie hat with a
text: twig sticking out of it like a plume in a helmet of yore.
text: Over his shoulder, a homemade bow and arrow set.
text: Although clearly downtrodden, behind his beaten appearance, there
text: radiates a calm intelligence and strength. There is something
text: distinctly attractive and confident about him. We learn later
text: his name is PARRY; a combination of Don Quixote and Harpo Marx.
text: PARRY stands before them absolutely delighted with himself -
text: hand on hip - beaming with pride..
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Unhand that degenerate - you adolescent ass
dialog: of a one balled donkey!
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: It's just a bum...You know, there's
dialog: enough in here for the two of you.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (a la Glinda)
dialog: Ha, ha, ha, ha rubbish...now begone...before
dialog: somebody drops a house on you!...
text: LEATHER walks right up to PARRY.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: You a fag too?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Fag..a fag you say!?...
dialog: "Curst wolf! Thy fury inward on thyself
dialog: Pray and consume thee!"
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: Fuck you.
text: PARRY notices a pimple on LEATHER'S cheek.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Oooo...that looks like it hurts.
text: HE presses the zit.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: OWWW....What are you nuts?!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: BINGO! Tell the man what he's won!
text: WINDBREAKER grabs PARRY, pinning his arms behind him.
text: WINDBREAKER laughs. PARRY just turns his head and stares into
text: his eyes, causing WINDBREAKER to feel weird.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I advise you to let us go.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: You advise us!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: You're out numbered son.
text: PARRY glances over LEATHER's shoulder. LEATHER TURNS to see:
text: A BUM pushing a shopping cart comes out of the darkness. HE
text: is mumbling to himself incoherently. Another BUM, appears from
text: the dark, unnerving WINDBREAKER. PARRY looks to a third
text: BUM, stepping out of the dark, menacingly.
text: Taken by themselves, the BUMS would look harmless and pathetic.
dialog: But in the context of their uncharacteristic organization -
dialog: THEY appear frightening.
text: LEATHER and WINDBREAKER automatically whip out switchblades
text: and take a "rumble" stance - as if protecting their
dialog: catch, Jack. Jack sort of sides with them if for no other
dialog: reason than - he's known them longer.
text: LEATHER tries to remain confident. HE laughs.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: Come on! Go for it!
dialog: What the hell are they gonna do?
dialog: They can't do nothin!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Nothing! They can do nothing!
dialog: Gentlemen!
text: PARRY takes a few steps back and raises his hand.
text: JACK stands close to LEATHER and WINDBREAKER, who prepare
dialog: themselves for attack.
text: PARRY lowers his hand which acts as a signal for the BUMS.
text: The BUMS reach into their coats and each pull out a FLASHLIGHT,
text: which they shine at each other as THEY SING:
speaker_heading: THREE BUMS
dialog: I like New York in June...How about you?
dialog: I like a Gershwin tune...How about you?
text: JACK, LEATHER and WINDBREAKER are at a loss. The BUMS aren't
text: getting all the words, but they're definitely in sync.
text: PARRY lowers his hand proudly. The BUMS keep singing and turn
text: their flashlights upon JACK, LEATHER and WINDBREAKER - blinding
text: them to PARRY.
speaker_heading: WINDBREAKER
dialog: Shit.
text: LEATHER brandishes his knife towards the dark spot where he
text: thinks PARRY stands. But PARRY takes a flying step back.
text: As he speaks, the Bums stop singing and hum the song.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Son...There comes a time in
dialog: every man's life...and you will
dialog: learn this, if and when you become men...
text: From his hat, PARRY pulls a long tube sock tied at the
text: end and filled with a softball at the bottom...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ....That there are only three things in
dialog: this world ya need...
text: HE begins to swing the sock over his head - centrifugally
dialog: gaining force.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ...Respect for all kinds of life,
dialog: ....the love of one other person who
dialog: you can trust and pork on a regular basis
dialog: ...and a nice navy blazer...Oh, and one
dialog: more thing....always... keep your eye....
dialog: on the ball!
text: PARRY releases the "weapon".
text: The sock flies out of the darkness and, with amazing
text: accuracy - beans LEATHER on the forehead between his eyes. HE
text: drops his knife to rub his head. HE sinks out of camera:
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: Ow...Ow....OW!
text: WINDBREAKER grows worried as PARRY reaches in to the lining
text: of his coat, pulls out another "sock weapon" and starts swinging.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: However, the ability to bean
dialog: a shithead can be a fabulous advantage.
text: WINDBREAKER runs to the car and drives away.
text: PARRY crosses to a speechless JACK.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (picking up LEATHER'S knife)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: (kneeling, rubbing his head)
scene_heading: OWW...MAN...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (disoriented)
dialog: Please don't hurt me?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: "OH beings blind! What ignorance besets you!
text: PARRY kneels down, pulls out some rope from his coat and proceeds
text: to tie up LEATHER, who is disoriented and dazed. PARRY hands
text: JACK LEATHER'S knife. Sickened by it, JACK flings it in the water.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: You can't leave me tied up out here
dialog: alone, you fucking faggot!
speaker_heading: PARRY
scene_heading: (PULLS DOWN LEATHERS PANTS, EXPOSING HIS BUTT)
dialog: You won't be alone for long.
text: PARRY pulls out a triangle and begins ringing it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I need a drink.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I know a great place.
text: (Raising his hand HE calls to BUM 1:)
dialog: ...UH...WARREN!
speaker_heading: BUMS (O.C.)
dialog: I like New York in June...How about-....
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (overlapping)
scene_heading: NO..GUYS...GUYS....
dialog: (to JACK)
dialog: They're so proud.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A LOT BENEATH THE MANHATTAN BRIDGE - NIGHT.
text: A violent explosion between warring factions of bums, who
dialog: are defending territories and rights....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Jack and Parry sit facing the three Bums from the previous
text: scene - A Black, A middle-aged Irishman and an Ex-Hippy -
text: and the Pinnochio Doll. The Foursome sit against the giant
text: base of the bridge discussing the issues of the day as they pass
text: a bottle. OTHER BUM CLIQUES are scattered throughout the lot.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: ...There ain't no justice in life! There's
dialog: just satisfaction. And the death
dialog: penalty's just another violation of my
dialog: constitutional right to satisfaction Goddamn it.
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
text: (a lit cigarette hangs from his mouth)
dialog: I hate that.
speaker_heading: HIPPIE
dialog: So, you mean if somebody like, killed
dialog: your mother, you wouldn't want him dead?
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Sure I would. But I should get to kill him Goddamn it.
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: (explaining further)
dialog: He gets to kill him. That's democracy, see.
text: A LULL takes over as they all consider this.
text: JACK sitting the furthest apart from the group, looks like he's
text: in the middle of a nightmare.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (mumbles to himself)
dialog: This is it. I'm in hell. Damned to
text: an eternity of idiotic conversation.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (leans in and smiles)
dialog: Great place huh?
text: The Irishman lets out a bloodcurtling scream:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (responds)
speaker_heading: AAAAHHHH!
text: JACK jumps. Irishman looks to PARRY & speaks in calm monotone:
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: How are you tonight?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Fine John and you?
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: Can't complain.
text: The IRISHMAN absent mindedly flicks his cigarette ashes onto
text: JACK'S SLEEVE, which is soaked with gasoline. The SLEEVE IGNITES
text: JACK panics - waving his is arm, trying to get it out.
text: PARRY is both amazed and impressed - seeing it as a sign.
text: The bums talk casually as JACK tries to rip off his coat.
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Crazy fuck.
speaker_heading: HIPPY
speaker_heading: (to IRISHMAN)
dialog: So what do you think of the death penalty?
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: Death's definitely a penalty. Ain't
dialog: no fucking gift. Life's too goddamn short.
text: With the fire out, JACK tries to leave, saying:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I better be going...
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: (thrusting the bottle at him)
dialog: Have a drink...don't be shy!
dialog: (JACK sits quickly)
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I think they like you.
text: This worries Jack. PARRY retrieves him and brings him back
dialog: to the group.
text: The IRISHMAN removes the bottle from his saliva soaked mouth and
text: hands it to JACK, who is disgusted:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh no that's all-
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: DRINK! GODDAMN IT!
text: JACK grabs the bottle and drinks - holding back his nausea.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Would anyone like a fruit pie?
speaker_heading: THREE BUMS (O.C.)
dialog: No thank you...Too sweet...to fattening...Goddamn it.
text: JACK feels sick as the cheap liquor running through him.
text: IRISHMAN begins reciting a Chaucer passage in old English.
text: The BLACK stares off, half listening. PARRY turns to JACK,
text: his face beaming, he clasps his hands and says:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Et in arcadia ego.
speaker_heading: HIPPY
dialog: Man...Why did God invent mediocrity?
text: This remark acts like a slap in the face to JACK. The others
text: consider it in silence - not really knowing what it means.
text: The cheap liquor begins to take it's effect and from JACK'S POV,
text: WE FADE OUT OF THE SCENE ON THE NEXT LINES - AS HE CLOSE HIS EYES
text: AND SLIPS INTO A DRUNKEN SLUMBER.
speaker_heading: HIPPIE (O.C.)
dialog: You were phenominal tonight, Parry.
dialog: (affirmations from the other two)
dialog: SUPER-BUM, man! Fucking Marvel Comics...
speaker_heading: FADE-OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE-UP ON:
scene_heading: INT. PARRY'S BASEMENT HIDEAWAY - MORNING.
text: JACK is asleep on a mattress beside a boiler spewing steam.
text: HE is slowly awakened by water dripping on his cheek - -
text: - the first dull pangs of a mean hangover making itself known.
text: HE opens his eyes, confused -- not knowing exactly what
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE GIANT FACE OF PARRY
text: lying parallel beside him -- like a kid waiting for his
text: parents to wake up Xmas morning.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (loud and cheery)
dialog: How are you feeling?
text: Jarred, Jack nods suspiciously. He notices the
dialog: surroundings --
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have I died?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Hahahahaaa... Nononono... Not yet...
dialog: Hahahaha...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (his head throbbing)
dialog: If you're going to murder me, that's
dialog: fine... just don't laugh.
text: He tries to focus his eyes and looks around the room:
text: there is an extremely organized "living area" -- a make-
text: shift kitchen with hot plate, a nail in a wall with
text: clothes on hangers... There is also a dumpster sitting
text: beneath a garbage chute -- The dumpster has planets and
text: stars painted on its side.
text: Jack looks to the far wall and sees a handmade collage
text: mural: pictures cut out and pasted in a haphazard
dialog: manner, all medieval in origin; grassy landscape with
text: castles, knights and maidens on horses, crests and
text: symbols of the Crusades, and various renditions of the
text: Holy Grail... One maiden stands out from the rest -- a
text: frail looking doe-like creature.
text: On the adjacent wall, however, there are no pictures.
text: Only frantic scribblings in red marker... Out of the
text: scribblings we can see: an evil looking face with a bear
text: amateurishly drawn... a large red horse drawn as if it
dialog: hurt to get out the image... the style is violent and
dialog: erratic.
text: Jack looks to the other wall and finds Parry's arsenal
dialog: -- homemade "weapons" that also look medieval, like
text: lances made from mop sticks, nets made of knotted rope,
text: slingshots and a shield made from a garbage can cover
text: with a rose painted on it. Against each wall are piled,
text: what seems to be hundreds of books. Jack doesn't know
text: what to make of all this. He is frightened.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: My abode... My domicile... My neck of
dialog: the woods... Hungry? Breakfast? A
dialog: fruit pie perhaps?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No... thanks... Listen --
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: My name is Parry.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (realizes he's barefoot)
dialog: Hi... Where are my shoes?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: They're --
dialog: (suddenly stands)
dialog: -- What?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (jumps)
dialog: Where -- ?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (to the air)
dialog: What!?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Sshhhh!
text: Parry looks like he's listening to someone. Then he
text: smiles broadly at Jack, which makes Jack worry even more.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing; to the
dialog: air)
dialog: I knew it! I knew it last night!
dialog: (beat; argues)
dialog: I did too! He's the one!
text: He kneels beside Jack, which makes Jack lean up against
dialog: the boiler.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Can you keep a secret?
text: Jack shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Do you know what the Little People
dialog: just told me?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The Little People?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: They said you're The One.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm the one what?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (stands abruptly)
dialog: Oh shut up!!!
text: He picks up a can of wintergreen air freshener and starts
text: spraying, with violent strokes, to shut "them" up... Jack
text: gets more nauseous from the smell... Parry yells to the
dialog: air:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... I've got a right to say
dialog: something. I mean, you're tying my
dialog: hands here!
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: They say you're not ready to know.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm not...
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Now, where are those shoes...
text: Jack makes a move to stand when Parry stops spraying and
dialog: yells:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Hheeyy!!
text: Jack sits back down. Parry whispers to the air:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... You're frightening him!
text: Parry kneels before him. Jack presses against the
dialog: boiler.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Do you know who I am?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uhh... I'm drawing a blank.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Take a guess...
dialog: (shouts to the air)
dialog: Let him guess!! Tch.
text: He goes for the air freshener but Jack's reply stops him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh... gee... well... you seem to be
dialog: some kind of vigilante...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: No, no... I mean that sort of happens
dialog: along the way but no...
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I'm on a very special quest.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A quest?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: But I need help and they sent you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (clarifying)
dialog: The Little...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: They work for Him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Him...?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (leans in to whisper)
dialog: God... I'm the janitor of God.
text: Jack's face drops. Parry gets comfortable and explains
dialog: casually:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... They came to me about a year ago.
dialog: I was sitting on the john having one
dialog: of the most satisfying bowel
dialog: movements -- you know the ones --
dialog: where you just see God... And I saw
dialog: them... just floating around...
dialog: hundreds of these... cute little fat
dialog: people... And they spoke. They said
dialog: "I" was chosen to help them get back
dialog: something very important they lost.
dialog: But my part might be very dangerous.
dialog: I said "Whoah".... slow down... ya
text: start hearing voices from floating
dialog: little fat people that tell you
dialog: you're on a mission for God and you
dialog: wind up in a mini-series. Then they
dialog: said "Look in Architecture Today, Feb
dialog: '88... page 33..."
text: Parry quickly crosses to a pile of magazines, grabs one
text: and dives back to Jack, who keeps scanning for his shoes.
text: Parry leafs through the magazine and opens to page 33.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And there it was... plain as day.
text: He shows Jack a feature about Langdon Carmichael, a
dialog: Malcolm Forbes type real estate baron. The five page
text: pictorial depicts his ten million dollar restoration of
text: an old N.Y. Armory into a palatial city home. Caption
scene_heading: reads: "REAL ESTATE BILLIONAIRE LANGDON CARMICHAEL'S
text: TOWER OF POWER"...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Langdon Carmichael?
text: Carmichael himself -- a dashing bachelor around fifty-
text: five -- is shown standing in his private library beside a
text: glass commode. Parry points to inside the commode, where
text: a golden chalice is displayed.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: It's the Grail... The Holy Grail.
text: He indicates the pictures on the collage. Jack's losing
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The Holy Grail? Some billionaire has
text: the Holy Grail sitting in a commode
dialog: on Madison Avenue?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I know! You can't imagine how
dialog: surprised I was. Who would think you
dialog: could find anything divine on the
dialog: Upper East Side.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (annoyed now)
dialog: Listen... I don't mean to be flippant
dialog: or to enrage you or anything but...
dialog: you're an imbecile. And I'm not The
dialog: One... I'm not any One...
text: Parry tries to speak but:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I think you're a very nice... very
dialog: nice psychotic man. I really
dialog: appreciate what you did for me. It
dialog: was a very brave and noble thing...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Oh, please... you're embarrassing me.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I wish you all the luck in the world.
dialog: When you get the Grail, I'm sure I'll
dialog: be seeing lots of you on various talk
dialog: shows...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (upset)
dialog: But I can't get it... He's...
text: He runs to the wall with the scribblings in red and
text: indicates the evil face with the beard... He picks up a
text: red marker and begins scribbling furiously -- adding to
dialog: the face and the horse...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: He's out there... I don't know if...
dialog: He's always out there, see... and...
text: He drops the marker and smiles to Jack...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: See, you don't know him... That's why
dialog: you're the one... You can get it...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Listen, forget the shoes. I'll just
dialog: take a cab... Uh...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Parry.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Parry... I'm Jack.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I know...
text: Parry rushes to a corner and gets Jack's shows and
text: Pinnochio doll, then rushes to Jack and hands them over.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Thanks... You can keep the doll.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Thanks a mill --
dialog: (like a corporate exec)
dialog: And I'll give you a buzz as soon as I
text: hear from the people upstairs and
dialog: we'll get this thing off the
dialog: ground... Thanks for stopping by,
dialog: Jack. Give my love to the wife and
dialog: kids.
text: Parry grabs Jack's hand and shakes it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm not married.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Funny -- you look married.
text: Horrified, Jack makes a hasty exit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BROWNSTONE HALLWAY - MINUTES LATER
text: Jack steps out of what appears to be the entrance to the
text: basement. He walks down the hallway toward the front
text: exit when suddenly an apartment door swings open. FRANK,
text: a burly black superintendent with a hearing aid, steps
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where you comin' from?!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh... basement I think...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (yells to basement)
dialog: I tell him no visitors!!!
text: Jack's hangover sets off another explosion.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sorry... I...
speaker_heading: WIFE (O.S.)
dialog: Fraaaaankkk! Who's at the door?!
text: Jack glances through the half-opened door and sees the
text: bottom half of Frank's wheelchair bound WIFE: one leg is
text: normal, the other is a pink prosthetic. Both, however,
text: are wearing furry mules. Jack's nightmare doesn't seem
dialog: to end.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm talkin' to somebody. Ya gotta
dialog: yell like a banshee?!!
speaker_heading: WIFE (O.S.)
dialog: It's just my manner!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (hard of hearing)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WIFE (O.S.)
dialog: I said it's just my manner!!!
text: Jack's head is now nearly split down the middle.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You a friend of Parry's?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No...
dialog: (trying to clear his
dialog: vision)
dialog: He is supposed to live there?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah, well... I let him stay there.
dialog: What else could I do after such a
dialog: tragedy?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tragedy?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (dying to tell)
dialog: He and his wife was were at some bar
dialog: ..and some nut came in with a shotgun
dialog: and blew the place apart. She was a beautiful
dialog: girl...She never knew what hit her.
text: Jack goes numb. He can't believe his ears. HE leans
text: against the wall for support....CAMERA ON Jack as
dialog: Frank continues O.S.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ....You must have heard about it. That
dialog: nut who listened to the radio?
text: LIGHT CHANGE on Jack against the bare wall. (Perhaps even
text: the scenery is moved behind him) as we fade out Frank's voice.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Parry's not his real name. His real
dialog: name's Henry Sa....
text: - - And fade in Anne's voice...
speaker_heading: ANNE (V.O.)
dialog: ..Listen. I understand about open
dialog: relationships. Please. I was a teenager
dialog: in the sixties after all....I understand!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO POP OFFICE - DAY.
text: Anne sits at her desk, surrounded by her shelves of porno
text: tapes. Jack sits before her looking like death warmed over.
text: Frank's voice reverbs in his head as he half listens to Anne.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: ....But when you care about somebody
dialog: ya need more than an open relationship.
dialog: Ya need a phone call.
text: Her intercom RINGS. Anne's tone immediately changes:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: WHAT!....
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE (V.O.)
dialog: A guy wants to check out the
dialog: pornos...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: So send him back!
text: (she flicks off the
text: intercom and returns
dialog: to Jack, softly)
dialog: ... Ya need to pick up the phone and
dialog: tell me that you're not dead... that
dialog: you haven't been attacked or raped or
dialog: who knows. You disappear last night.
dialog: I don't know what to think. I was up
dialog: all night. Look at you!
text: A meek, fiftyish BUSINESSMAN has entered and begins to
text: browse through the porno videos discreetly.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I smell gas... Do you smell gas...
text: She and the Businessman exchange glances. Jack is about
dialog: to respond when Anne continues:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I can't tell you how distraught I
dialog: was. All night long. What the hell
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I was attacked.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Two kids tried to set me on fire.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh my God... What did they do! My
dialog: God!!!
text: She crosses to Jack and hugs him... The Businessman turns
text: with a concerned look, having overheard. Jack indicates
text: to Anne that he feels awkward in front of the
text: Businessman. Anne confronts the Businessman with as
dialog: little tact as possible.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Are you almost done?!
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Whatta looking for -- a story!?
dialog: (makes a selection)
dialog: Here... "Creamer Versus Creamer"...
dialog: It won an award.
text: Jack hides his face so as not to laugh. Anne ushers the
dialog: man out.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You were attacked. My God. Should I
dialog: call a doctor! Did you call the
dialog: police...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, I'm fine... really...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You're all right... you sure...
text: Jack nods. So, Anne moves on to more important matters.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... So... where did you sleep last
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I... I stayed at a friend's. Listen,
dialog: I --
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (puts up her hand)
dialog: Please... before you go on... let me
dialog: tawk... okay... We've had a wonderful
dialog: time together... When we first met,
dialog: you said this wasn't serious and I
dialog: shouldn't get serious and then you
dialog: moved in and we haven't been serious.
dialog: And I just wanna say that I have no
dialog: regrets. None. And don't wanna have
dialog: any now so I want ya to be up front
dialog: with me... I want the truth.
dialog: If you're seein' somebody else, let
dialog: me know... You don't have to pour
dialog: gasoline on yourself and light a
dialog: match just to break up with me. Just
dialog: tell me the truth.
text: Jack looks to her -- somewhat admiring the bravery and
text: integrity underneath the peasant stock.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm not seeing anyone else. I really
dialog: was attacked.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Okay.
text: (satisfied, she struts
dialog: to her desk)
dialog: ... I love you...
text: Jack smiles weakly.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... You don't have to say it back...
dialog: although it wouldn't kill you. I'll
dialog: cook tonight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT ABOVE THE STORE - NIGHT
text: Anne and Jack have just finished eating dinner.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know what the Holy Grail is?
text: Anne takes a long drag then puts it out in her leftover
text: food. Jack is repelled by the habit.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: The Holy Grail? Yeah... I know that.
dialog: It was like -- Jesus' juice glass.
text: Jack just stares at her.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Oh, I used to be such a Catholic.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You still believe in God?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh sure... Gotta believe in God.
dialog: (trying to be
dialog: intellectual)
dialog: But I don't think God made man in his
dialog: own image. No. 'Cause most of...
dialog: the bullshit that happens, is because
dialog: of men. No, I think man was made out
dialog: of the devil's image and women were
dialog: created out of God -- because women
dialog: can have babies which is sorta like
dialog: creating, and which also explains why
dialog: women are attracted to men, because,
dialog: lets face it, the devil is a helluva
dialog: lot more interesting -- I slept with
dialog: a few saints and let me tell you...
dialog: Booooorring!!!... And so the whole
dialog: point of life, I think, is for men
dialog: and women to get married so the devil
dialog: and God can live together and, ya
dialog: know -- work it out...
text: (Anne moves to him and
dialog: leans in for a kiss)
dialog: ... Not that we have to get married.
text: Jack notices a brown spot on her chin and pulls away.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ... You have a little... uh...
dialog: something on your face...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh, I got a pimple... This stuff is
dialog: supposed to blend with my skin
dialog: color... Like it really works, ya
dialog: know...
text: Jack moves to the bar to fix a drink. Anne follows him
text: and takes the drink out of his hand. Jack knows what
dialog: this means.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't think I'm up to it tonight...
text: Anne massages his shoulders.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I had a very traumatic experience...
dialog: I...
text: Anne nods but keeps massaging. As long as he wasn't with
text: a woman, she doesn't care. Her massaging gets more
text: intense -- moving up his head and contorting his face as
text: he speaks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I think I'm getting sick...
dialog: (trying to be
dialog: forceful)
dialog: I... I slept in a boiler room,
dialog: Anne... I'm tired... I'm upset...
dialog: I'm... just not in the mood!... Okay!
text: Anne grabs his face with both hands and pulls him into a
text: kiss. She proceeds to climb onto his body as she
dialog: utilizes a skill she picked up in high school make-out
dialog: parties. She is a pro. Jack, against all his better
text: judgement and will -- despite the pimple cream -- is
text: rendered helpless by this woman's passion... He returns
text: the embrace and guides her to the floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S LIVING ROOM - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
text: Jack sits in his underwear on the living room floor
text: before an open closet with a cardboard box between his
text: legs. The box is filled with tapes of Jack's past radio
text: shows. He begins to sort through them... reading titles,
text: remembering moments... then stops when he comes upon
text: newspaper clippings of the murder at Babbitt's. Edwin
text: Malnick's face stares at him from a yellowed front page.
text: The memories sour. He moves to the bar. Anne exits the
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Whatsa matter, hon -- can't sleep?
text: She sees the radio tapes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I tell you something, Anne. I really
dialog: feel like I'm cursed.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh stop. Things will change. My
dialog: Aunt Mary always said, there's a
dialog: remedy for everything in this world
dialog: except death and having no class.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I get this feeling like I'm... a
dialog: magnet but I attract shit. Out of
dialog: all the people in this city, why did
dialog: I meet a man who's wife I killed?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You didn't kill anybody. Stop.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I wish there was some way I could...
dialog: just... pay the fine and go home.
text: Anne crosses to Jack and gently touches him. Jack turns
text: and clutches her to him tightly. Lowering his head to
text: hers, he cries...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I know. I know, honey.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARRY'S BASEMENT - THE NEXT DAY
text: Jack is alone in the basement. He slowly walks around
text: the room -- picking up little items here and there, as if
text: trying to discover some clue to Parry. He scans the
text: titles of the piles of books. All of them have something
dialog: to do with medieval history or literature, myths, or the
text: Crusades... He picks up one of the books and opens it...
text: Page after page has been ripped out anywhere there might
text: have been a picture or a diagram. He comes upon a large
text: scroll that he unravels. It is a map, drawn by Parry, of
text: Langdon Carmichael's house and the surrounding blocks...
text: He rolls it up... The Pinnochio doll sits on a broken
text: chair facing the wall with the nightmarish scribblings...
text: acting like a sentinel.
text: He crosses to the prominent picture of the maiden with
text: the long hair. He notices a small stand before the
text: picture, with a candle. It is like a shrine with
text: offerings: a flower, a small perfume sampler, a box of
text: Jawbreakers candy and a dime store romance novel. Jack
dialog: doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm... just looking for Parry...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He's not here.
text: Jack is drawn to the scribblings on the wall and makes
text: out the faint shape of a man on a horse.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What did you say his name used to be?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: CLOSEUP - duffel bag of Parry's things before Jack.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: Hospital said it would be better if
dialog: we kept certain things away from him.
text: Frank speaks O.S. as Jack looks through the items: ... a
dialog: Master's degree in Medieval History... Another in
dialog: Medieval Literature...
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... That's his real name -- Henry
dialog: Sagan. He was a teacher over at
dialog: Columbia. They kept him in some
dialog: mental place on Staten Island... He
dialog: did not speak for over a year then
text: all of a sudden, he starts talkin'
dialog: only now he's this Parry guy.
text: ... A torn picture of Parry in a tux... his wedding
text: ring... a thesis entitled THE FISHER KING, A MYTHIC
text: JOURNEY FOR MODERN MAN... Frank continues:
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... He used to live upstairs with his
dialog: wife, so when he got released they
dialog: sent him here. I felt bad. He
dialog: couldn't work. Nobody wanted him.
dialog: So I let him stay in the basement.
dialog: He helps out -- I give him a couple
dialog: of dollars. People throw things away
dialog: he gets them.
text: Jack holds a beautiful photographic portrait of Parry's
dialog: wife:
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...She was a beautiful girl.
dialog: He was crazy about her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A LOT BENEATH THE MANHATTAN BRIDGE - DAY.
text: The BLACK, the IRISHMAN and the HIPPY are in their usual
text: place. THEY lean against the wall, observing the afternoon
text: life that walks by. JACK enters the scene and asks them where
text: PARRY is. The HIPPY begins to speak and points to his right.
text: JACK nods in appreciation and hands them a couple of dollars.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER OUTSIDE METROPOLITAN LIFE BUILDING-LATER THAT DAY.
text: JACK approaches PARRY from across the street; he is sitting on
text: top of a car near a souvlaki vendor and eyeing A CLOCK TOWER
text: across the street and to the left of the building. HE studies
text: the time as he recites under his breath (we only hear excerpts);
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: "Soveriegn princess of his captive heart
dialog: what dire affliction has thou made me
dialog: suffer, thus banished from thy presence
dialog: with reproach, and fettered by thy rigorous
dialog: command, not to appear again before thy
dialog: beautiful face. Deign princess, to remember
dialog: this thy faithful slave, who now endures
dialog: such misery for love of thee"....
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Parry!
text: PARRY smiles casually and, without looking at Jack, says:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Hi Jack...
text: HE then returns his gaze to the clock which is approaching NOON.
text: JACK reaches in his pockets and pulls out some money.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hi. Listen...I thought maybe you could use a-
text: THE CLOCK STRIKES NOON. PARRY grabs JACK...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: COME ON!
text: HE pulls JACK into the building.
scene_heading: EXT. MET LIFE BUILDING - NOON.
text: Several business men and women make their way out the
text: elevators for lunch. PARRY and JACK position themselves
text: with a clear view of the center elevator. The doors open
text: and after several more aggressive co-workers exit, PARRY'S
text: DAMSEL in distress appears out of a revolving door, but
text: quickly gets "revolved" back into the building....
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: She'll be back....
text: Finally, Lydia makes an exit.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Isn't she a vision?
text: REACTION SHOT OF A BEWILDERED JACK as he looks at
text: LYDIA - a dowdy, waif-like sparrow of a thing - makes her
text: way through the lobby. SHE is torturously self-conscious,
text: clumsy, formless and plain. She wears loose frocks that give
text: her no shape and make her appear to be swimming in material.
text: SHE wears no make-up; her unstyled hair is kept off her face
text: by a single beret that keeps sliding down her head, and her
text: contact lens are always dry, causing her to blink and use drops.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, gorgeous...Look, I'm going.
dialog: I just wanted to give you...
text: Starts to dig in his pocket, but Parry is already off.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Let's go.
text: JACK follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - DAY.
text: Behind the glass in interior, we can see LYDIA sitting by herself
text: eating lunch. CAMERA PANS OUT TO THE STREET where PARRY
text: and JACK are sitting on the hood of a car, watching...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: She loves dumplings. It's her
dialog: Wednesday ritual.
text: LYDIA raises a dumpling to her lips with a pair of chopsticks.
text: SHE then accidentally drops it into a dish of soy sauce and
text: splatters her dress. Unnerved, she hastily wipes herself down,
text: knocking over a glass of water when she removes the napkin.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Isn't she sweet. She does that every time...
text: Jack squints at Lydia as if trying to see what Parry
dialog: sees.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTAND NEAR GRAND CENTRAL STATION - DAY
text: Jack and Parry have followed Lydia into a bookstore. She
text: stands browsing through a revolving bookstand. They
text: watch from a distance.
speaker_heading: PARRY
text: She buys a new book every two days.
text: Lydia spins too hard, sending books flying off. She
dialog: replaces the books, but keeps one called "Loves Lusty
dialog: Longings"...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing; smiles with
dialog: great affection)
dialog: She's into trash. Whadda you gonna
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MET LIFE BUILDING - DAY
text: Parry and Jack are following Lydia, when she stops at a
dialog: newsstand.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: She's got a real sweet tooth. If
dialog: anybody ever told me I'd be in love
text: with a woman who eats Jawbreakers,
dialog: I'd said they were nuts.
dialog: (reverentially)
dialog: But look at that jaw!
dialog: Jack doesn't want to look. If the Little People made
text: Parry seem crazy, this infatuation confirms him as beyond
dialog: hope.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MET LIFE BUILDING - DAY
text: Lydia buys some candy then turns and walks back toward
text: her office building, once again waiting her turn to dive
text: into the revolving doors. She disappears into the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Do you follow her every day?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Huh-huh. I'm deeply smitten.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What's her name?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I don't know.
text: A businessman, walking in the opposite direction, throws a
text: candy wrapper on the street as he passes Jack and Parry.
text: Parry suddenly stops, outraged, pulls out a slingshot and
text: fires a stone at the man's head. The businessman is hit
text: but doesn't know how, since Parry grabs Jack's arm and
text: resumes walking casually in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why did you do that?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Well, if every time someone did
dialog: something offensive they hit in the
dialog: head with a pebble, I think
dialog: they might alter their behavior.
dialog: What do you think Jack...
text: Before Jack can respond, PARRY spots a rummage find:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Oh look! A cooler!
text: Parry spots an abandoned COOLER filled with junk and starts
text: going through it. Things are getting weird again, so JACK
text: seizes the moment to accomplish his initial task - he pulls
text: out a fifty dollar bill and hands it to PARRY.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Here...I just would like to help
dialog: you. I thought...maybe...you
dialog: could use some money.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Fifty dollars?
text: JACK digs deeper and hands him a twenty. PARRY is dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Here's another twenty. Will that do?
dialog: (sorting through his change)
dialog: I mean, what's it going to take!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: No..no, it's..I don't know what to say.
dialog: This is so nice of you...Jack...
text: HE hugs him on the street which embarasses JACK to no end.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (pulling away)
dialog: That's O.K.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Can I take you to lunch?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No..I have to get back to work.
dialog: Take care of yourself.
text: JACK walks away. CAMERA stays on JACK for a few yards until he
text: turns around and sees:
text: PARRY handing the money to a BUM in a doorway, yelling into
text: an imaginary phone.
speaker_heading: BUM
dialog: SELL!....SELL!....SELL!
dialog: (HE takes the money
speaker_heading: from PARRY)
text: BUY!...BUY!...BUY!...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: HEY!!...HEY!
text: JACK walks back to PARRY, who is explaining to the BUM, who is
text: now talking gibberish:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (as if he understands)
dialog: Well, I think you should be realistic.
dialog: Ya can't start an ad agency on fifty dollars!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: (to BUM)
dialog: Give that back!
text: The Bum screams in defiance... PARRY pulls JACK away...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: But I gave it to you!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Well what am I gonna do with it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't know. But I gave it to
dialog: you...to help YOU...not him.
speaker_heading: PARRY
text: (beat, then smiles mischieviously)
dialog: You really want to help me?
text: A wary JACK, who's afraid to reply.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LANGDON CARMICHAEL'S TOWNHOUSE - DAY.
text: On the Upper East Side, PARRY and JACK stand across the
text: tree-lined street from the ten million dollar armory/house.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Pretty impressive huh?...Don't let it scare you.
dialog: I'll admit it's formidable but
dialog: everything has it's weakness.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can't just break into Langdon
dialog: Carmichael's house. This man has done nothing.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: O.K...let me explain this one more
dialog: time...The Holly Grail is in -....
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All right! Listen - please...don't
dialog: start drooling or...rolling your eyes
dialog: when I tell you this but - You shouldn't
dialog: do this..There is no Holy Grail.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Of course there is, Jack. What do you
dialog: think the Crusades were - a frat initiation?
dialog: I don't think so...There has to be a Grail.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, you're only sort of insane, really.
dialog: People like you can lead semi-normal lives.
dialog: You could get a job...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I don't need a job. I have a quest.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I take it back - you're fucking deranged...
dialog: And you're going to get yourself killed
dialog: trying to get in there!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Tch. You are so sweet...Now I know
dialog: why you're saying this.
dialog: ...You're afraid I'm in danger and
dialog: you're trying to protect me.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. I think you're a moron and
dialog: I don't want to get into trouble.
text: Ignoring this, PARRY gets filled with emotion and hugs JACK.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ...You are such a great guy. First
dialog: the money, now this.
dialog: (to the LITTLE PEOPLE)
dialog: Isn't he fabulous!?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (pulling away)
dialog: Please don't hug me in public again, O.K.?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: I LOVE THIS MAN...YA HEAR ME JADED CITY...
dialog: (JACK is mortified)
dialog: ...I'M DAFFY ABOUT THIS GUY AND
dialog: I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS IT!!!
text: An COUPLE pass by, obviously not wanting to know it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Will you shut-up!!!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: You're a true friend.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm not. Believe me. I'm scum.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: You're a real honest to goodness
dialog: good guy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm self-centered, I'm weak - I don't
dialog: have the will power of a fly on shit...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: That's why the Little People sent you.
dialog: Just like magic.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't believe in little floating
dialog: people! THERE IS NO MAGIC!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: So what? You going to help me?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: WILL YOU PLEASE... please listen to me ...
speaker_heading: (HE GRABS PARRY by the shoulders)
dialog: You know none of this is true - PARRY
dialog: the Grail, the voices... Jack...
dialog: There's a part of you that Come on...what are
dialog: knows this isn't true. saying...
dialog: I know who you are... I know who you are..
dialog: or who you were. You're acting really-
dialog: You don't belong on the No, no, no, no...
dialog: streets. You're intelligent Jack...
dialog: man....you're a teacher... Jacck!...
dialog: You were a teach at Hunter College.
dialog: Don't you remember?... (SCREAMS)
text: PARRY breaks away from him. HE falls back onto the ground.
text: THE SCREAM STOPS and is replaced by an eerie SILENCE.
text: As if sound were ripped out of space. JACK speaks but no
text: sound comes out...We are in PARRY'S world for this brief
text: moment...JACK leans over to help PARRY, but the latter inches
text: away...fearful of the vision he sees: something out of sight,
text: looming over JACK, breathing FIERY SMOKE...JACK tries to raise
text: PARRY off the ground and, in doing so, the vision for PARRY
text: comes into full view:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A MAGNIFICENT BURNISHED RED STEED
text: stared down at Parry. On top of him sits the Red Knight.
text: - a helmeted figure with a beard in a flowing red cap,
text: holding a lance. He stares at Parry. Closing his eyes,
text: Parry raises his hands to protect himself.
text: Jack looks around and sees nothing. He acts with great concern:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (Mouthing in silence)
dialog: Perry...you all right?
text: HE embraces PARRY by the shoulders. PARRY turns to him opening
text: his eyes, then turns back to the KNIGHT to discover that:
text: The HORSE and the KNIGHT have moved several feet away, and
text: are continuing to back up...as if in retreat.
text: JACK speaks as the sound is returned.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Parry answer me...are you all right?
text: PARRY smiles in amazement.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: He knows who you are!
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: He's afraid! I can tell!
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: You're totally gone, aren't you?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE RED KNIGHT
text: He pulls the reins back, forcing the horse up onto its
text: hind legs. Then, he gallops off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: PARRY AND JACK
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: We've got'em... come on!!!
text: Parry runs O.S. in the direction of the Knight. Jack is
text: not about to follow, until he sees -- Parry runs right
text: into the intersection of 94th & Fifth almost getting hit
text: hit by a cab.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Jesus.
text: Jack runs after him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVE. AND 74TH - DAY
text: Parry reaches where the Red Knight stood and looks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE RED KNIGHT
text: riding onto the sidewalk and into Central Park.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: PARRY, as JACK reaches him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What is going o-
text: Before he can finish, PARRY is off again. JACK races after him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY.
text: THEY climb the wall and run into the park. THEY dodge past women
text: with strollers, runners, bikers, sun worshippers, etc....
text: THEY run deep into an extremely woody section of Central Park.
text: The RED KNIGHT appears first to the left, then re-appears to
text: the right. PARRY darts about like a madman.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCK - CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: The Red Knight is perched atop a rock. He and Parry exchange
text: looks. The Knight and his horse rear up, two towering figures
text: against the Central Park South skyline.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY.
text: Parry, uttering a war cry, rushes off again.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCK - CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: JACK, exhausted and bedraggled, climbs the rock to follow.
text: He reaches the top, panting.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh...Oh...Oh God...I'm dying.
dialog: I can't breath and I'm dying.
text: HE finds PARRY sitting Buddha-like, on the top of the rock,
text: calmly gazing out at the beautiful scenery before him.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Isn't it great up here...
dialog: He's gone now, but we had him on the run!
dialog: We would've had his ass if we had horses!
dialog: He's running scared!
speaker_heading: JACK
text: WHO! WHO'S RUNNING?!! WHO HAVE WE BEEN
text: CHASING!?? CAN I ASK THIS QUESTION NOW!!!
text: CAMERA PANS BACK SLOWLY from behind Jack and Parry.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I'm sorry Jack. I thought you saw him.
text: CAMERA reveals the head of a horse.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: SAW WHO!!?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: The Red Knight!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The Red...?
text: (stares at him in wonder)
dialog: You're totally gone, aren't you?
text: Frustrated, JACK turns to leave but this time there is a sound -
text: someone is crying O.S.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: .....Do you hear that?! Oh
dialog: "Heaven be praised, in giving me an
dialog: opportunity, so soon of fulfilling the
dialog: duties of my profession...These cries
dialog: doubtless proceed from some miserable male
dialog: or female, who stands in need of my
dialog: immediate aid and protection"
text: And he's off....A reluctant JACK pauses before following.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is too hard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. - CENTRAL PARK; BRIDLE PATH - DAY.
text: The park's bridle path. A BEATEN MAN cries as he sits in the
text: middle of the dirt bridle path - mumbling to himself, trying
text: to bury himself in dirt....HE hears the two men coming.
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: GET AWAY! GET AWAY!!....
text: PARRY kneels down to him. JACK keeps a safe distance away.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: It's O.K...It's O.K...Lets me help you up.
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: NO...I WANNA GO! I WANNA GO NOW!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Come on now...You can't sit here.
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: NO! I want a debutante on a horse
dialog: to step on me. Leave me alone!!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (wanting to leave)
dialog: Parry...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Buddy, the days of the debutantes
dialog: are ... not what they used to be.
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: (starts to cry)
dialog: Isn't that awful? Poor Brenda Frazier.
dialog: Poor Little Gloria. They ruined them!
dialog: THEY ATE THEM ALIVE!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (helping him up)
dialog: It was a crime.
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: Leave me alone...I wanna go...
text: PARRY lifts him up - he looks to JACK for help.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Will you get the other side.
speaker_heading: (JACK hesitates)
dialog: Jack?
text: The man's cuts and suicidal demeanor turn JACK off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Listen, he just needs to sleep it
dialog: off. Someone will take care of him.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, maybe he wants to stay here.
dialog: (to bum)
dialog: Do...do you want to stay here?
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: (suddenly lucid and pissy)
dialog: Oh, yes, thank you - I really love bleeding
dialog: in horseshit. How very Gandhiesque of you.
text: PARRY looks to JACK, who then begrudgingly helps the BUM up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - LATER.
text: In a room at the end of the line of chairs, PARRY stands holding
text: the GAY BUM. JACK stands a safe distance away, unable to
text: take his eyes off the scene before him : seated against the
text: wall are an assortment of derelicts, drunks, screaming withdrawl
text: victims and jacketed schizophrenics. JACK has a hard time moving.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (to JACK, referring to GAY BUM)
dialog: Will you watch him for a minute?
text: Before Jack can respond, PARRY shifts the GAY BUM'S body
text: into JACK'S arms, then moves about the room, introducing
text: himself to the various patients as JACK watches. HE moves
text: down the line...saying hello, wiping people's brows,
text: holding the hands of an angry bag lady mumbling incoherently.
text: Smiling and saying hello to each one, no matter how frightening
text: they seem. HE appears to have a soothing affect.
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: I wanna go...Just let me go...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh...Where...where do you want to go?
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: (upset)
dialog: A real nice place I know...
dialog: Ah...can't get there! Not tonight.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (being positive)
dialog: Where? Maybe we can.
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: (overlapping, crying)
dialog: No...no...we can't...we can't..
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (with more feeling)
dialog: Come on...maybe we can...where do you want to go?
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
text: Venice...Like Katherine Hepburn in SUMMERTIME.
text: (The GAY BUM cries in frustration).
dialog: ....Why can't I be Katherine Hepburn...
text: JACK stares at him, at a complete loss for a response.
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: I wanna die...I just wanna die...
text: JACK, against all better judgement, pats the BUM'S hand in
text: comfort. Unexpectedly, the GAY BUM leans his head on JACK'S
text: shoulder, and cries. JACK, wide-eyed with embarassment, looks
speaker_heading: over to PARRY -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - DAY
text: PARRY is teaching a song to a SCITZHO, A YUPPIE IN A STRAIGHT
text: JACKET, and a paranoid BAG LADY...
speaker_heading: BUM
dialog: O.K..everyone know their parts...
dialog: Here we go...
dialog: (sings)
dialog: "I like New York in June"...
text: HE points to the YUPPIE who replies:
speaker_heading: YUPPIE
dialog: "How about you..."
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: "I like a Gershwin tune..."
text: PARRY points to the SCITZHO, who stares at him blankly, drooling:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ...Good!.... "I like to read good books"
text: HE points to the BAG LADY, who is talking to herself:
speaker_heading: BAG LADY
dialog: Where the hell am I gonna put the
dialog: children? Goddamn daughter-in-law!
dialog: Comes into my house looking for dustballs!
dialog: GET THE FUCK OUTTA MY DINING ROOM...you ingrate!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Tempo, people...tempo...
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - DAY
text: JACK, his arm around the despairing GAY MAN, is sharing his
dialog: problems.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Can you tell me something? Did you lose
dialog: your mind all of a sudden or was it a
dialog: slow gradual process?
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: (suddenly coherent)
dialog: Well,... I'm a singer by trade...
dialog: Summer stock...nightclub revues...
dialog: that kind of thing...It used to be
dialog: what I absolutely lived for...God...I can do
dialog: GYPSY backwards - every part- but, one
text: night...in the middle of singing
dialog: "Funny..... - it suddenly hit me...
dialog: ...what does all of this really mean?
text: (JACK nods in a knowing metaphysical aggreement)
dialog: That, and the fact that all my friends are
dialog: dead...God, I sound like a veteran.
dialog: Dad would be so proud.
text: At that moment a PIZZA BOY enters, making a delivery:
speaker_heading: PIZZA BOY
dialog: Pizza!
text: Suddenly, DOCTORS and NURSES appear out of the wood work and
text: swarm around the delivery boy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM- DAY
text: PARRY notices the time, passing by the doctors and pizza.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Jack, it's almost five. We're going to be late.
dialog: We're going to miss her!
text: PARRY exits. JACK turns to the GAY BUM, exhaustedly.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Um...I've got to run. I've bee doing
dialog: this all day. Are you going to be all right?
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: Oh please!...I was born a Catholic in Brooklyn...
dialog: I've been to hell and back....
dialog: I'll be fine...
dialog: (adds quite sincerely:)
dialog: ....Thanks...You're a gem.
text: JACK nods, a little self-consciously, and exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION: A BANK - RUSH HOUR
text: PARRY and JACK sit on the floor enjoying a cup of coffee.
text: A VIETNAM VET in a wheelchair with no legs sits near the opposite
text: wall, along with at least fifteen other homeless beggers.
text: Another MAN sits against a cash machine, crying. A WOMAN passes
text: by and drops some change in the VET's cup without saying
text: a word. The Vet, SID, smiles broadly.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: God Bless You... Have a nice day.
dialog: (to Jack and Parry)
dialog: Ya hear Jimmy Nickels got picked up
dialog: yesterday...
text: Parry is too busy scanning the Grand Central main floor
text: to answer. Realizing Parry isn't answering, Jack feels
text: obliged to pick up the conversation.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: He got caught --
dialog: (passer-by drops coins in
dialog: cup)
dialog: God bless... Have a safe trip home...
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: -- Got caught pissin' on the
dialog: bookstore. Man's a pig. No excuse
dialog: for that. We're heading for social
text: anarchy when people start pissing on
dialog: bookstores!
text: Jack smiles at this observation. He then tries to get
text: Parry's attention.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You'll never see her in this crowd.
text: Parry doesn't answer. He looks like a dog waiting for
text: its master. People walk by Jack at a frantic pace. He
text: sits uncomfortably against a wall. A man almost steps on
text: him as he walks by and tosses a coin at Sid, missing the
text: cup and forcing Sid to bend over... Jack picks the coin
dialog: up for him.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: Bless you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Asshole! Guy didn't even look at
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (takes coin)
text: He's paying so he don't have to look.
dialog: What he doesn't know is, he's paying
text: for a service. Guy goes to work
dialog: every day and for eight hours, seven
text: days a week, he bends over and gets
dialog: it right up the ass till he can't
dialog: stand...
text: Parry stands up and begins pacing before the main floor.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... But one day, right before
text: quitting time on Friday, his boss is
dialog: going say something like "Say Bob --
dialog: come into my office and kiss my
dialog: ass"... and Bob is going think --
dialog: "The hell with it! I don't care what
dialog: happens. All I want right now is to
dialog: see the expression on his face when I
text: stab him with these pair of
dialog: scissors"...
text: Parry looks at the clock above the information booth --
dialog: 5:00.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... But then he thinks of me -- "wait
dialog: a minute!"... he says... "It's not so
dialog: bad. At least I got two arms and two
dialog: legs and I ain't beggin' for money."
text: He puts down the scissors, and
text: puckers up...
text: Jack is impressed with this man.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... I'm what you call a moral traffic
dialog: light. It's like I'm saying "Red --
dialog: go no further."
text: O.S. a black woman begins to sing. Jack and Sid look:
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: (continuing; smiles with
dialog: respect)
dialog: Ah, Margaret.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION - PHOTO LAB - RUSH HOUR
text: MARGARET, a black woman in a paisley kaften, stands near
text: a photo lab across from Jack and Sid. With a box in
text: front of her for donations, she starts singing (SONG to
text: be chosen). Some rush hour commuters stop to listen.
text: Her VOICE is strong and soulful, she performs
text: uninhibitedly.
speaker_heading: SID
dialog: You have to admit though... Like at
text: 5:00 in Grand Central... Pretty
dialog: breathtaking, don't cha think?
text: Jack looks around this mad rush hour scene, taking it in
text: through Sid's eyes... Parry, however, keeps his gaze on
text: the main floor. Suddenly, he spots her:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION - MAIN FLOOR
text: Hordes of people are moving in every which way,
text: zigzagging across the floor... Lydia moves through the
text: crowd, avoiding touching anyone...
speaker_heading: PARRY
text: CAMERA PANS IN SLOWLY as we hear Margaret's SONG O.S.
dialog: The closer the CAMERA gets to Parry the more her song
text: changes... At first a blend of two melodies that sound
text: distruptive, cachophonous... But as Parry smiles with
text: joy, HIS SONG overtakes Margaret's... It is a WALTZ.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MAIN FLOOR - PARRY'S POV
text: The hordes of people continue their zigzagging for a beat
dialog: then:
text: Suddenly, they pair up and waltz around the main floor,
text: circling around the center information booth...
text: Only Lydia remains walking -- gliding through the dancers
dialog: with grace and ease...
text: Parry watches in a state of rapture -- moving as she
text: moves to keep her in eye view as long as possible.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: JACK
text: listening to Margaret's SONG, taking in the scene around
text: him... watching people listen to her song, while others
text: walk by as if they were deaf and blind...
text: Feeling strangely at ease, strangely apart of everyone
text: around him -- a group of lost souls listening to a woman
text: bare her soul in song. He looks to spot Parry, rises and
text: crosses to him...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MAIN FLOOR
text: Parry watches as Lydia exits the main floor (the waltz
text: has ended) just as Jack speaks his line:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's such a great song.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (referring to his own
dialog: song)
dialog: It's a classic.
text: Jack looks in the direction of Parry's stare and sees
dialog: Lydia exit.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: God. Just one night with her. I'd
dialog: die happy.
text: Jack hears this as if a light bulb went off above his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LYDIA'S APARTMENT - DUSK
text: A door opens. Lydia enters with a bag of groceries she
text: picked up on the way. She turns on the light to reveal
text: an extremely neat, albiet modest, one bedroom apartment.
text: She carries the grocery bag into the kitchen.
text: Out of the bag, she removes a Lean Cuisine, a giant
text: bottle of cream soda and four giant bars of Chunky
text: chocolate. She pops the Lean Cuisine into the oven and
text: walks back into the living room to an old stereo. She
text: turns the TURNTABLE on -- a record already set upon it.
text: She stands by her coffee table, as if taking position:
text: Suddenly, we hear ETHEL MERMAN -- as Lydia lip-syncs
dialog: every word with complete commitment -- giving a full out
dialog: performance.
speaker_heading: ETHEL/LYDIA
dialog: Got no sunshine, got no rain
dialog: Still I think I'm a lucky dame
dialog: I got the sun in the morning
dialog: And the moon at night...
text: Her attempts at hand gestures and choreography are
text: awkward -- bunking into the coffee table, banging her
text: hand against a lamp -- but, we see a part of Lydia that
dialog: few (actually no one) sees. Her abandon, her joy... her
text: smile. From upstairs, neighbors BANG for her to keep the
text: music down. Lydia casually crosses to the stereo, turns
text: off the turntable and heads back to the kitchen -- as if
dialog: the neighbors interference were all apart of her nightly
dialog: ritual.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Anne sits alone at her formica table, smoking a
text: cigarette. Two plates are set. She waits for Jack. She
text: is hurt and pissed off. TONY ORLANDO AND DAWN play on
dialog: her stereo.
speaker_heading: TONY ORLANDO
text: Knock three times... on the ceiling
dialog: if you want me... Twice on the
dialog: pipes...
text: The song continues as the CAMERA SLOWLY PANS up to
text: CLOSEUP of Anne, who is fighting with an imaginary Jack.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Ya fuckin' bastard. I don't need
dialog: this...
dialog: (emphasizing)
dialog: ... I Do Not Need This! A woman my
dialog: age... I am a person. This is kid
dialog: stuff. You come! You go! And all I
dialog: do is cook like a jerk! You're a
dialog: waste of good cutlets... I don't need
dialog: this... Find yourself another dope...
dialog: ya fuckin' bastard...
text: She puffs on her cigarette.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - SHEEPS MEADOW - NIGHT
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: What a beautiful night.
text: HE walks deeper into the open field. This makes JACK nervous.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't you think it's time to go now?
dialog: Running around here during the day is
dialog: one thing but at night we could be killed
dialog: by a wide variety of people.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Well that's stupid. This is my park
dialog: just as much as it is theirs. You
dialog: think it's fair they keep us out
dialog: just because they make us think we'll
dialog: get killed or something?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes. I think that's very fair.
text: PARRY takes off his pants and stands there naked.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: .....What are you doing?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Have you ever done any cloudbusting?
dialog: You lie on your back and you
dialog: concentrate on the clouds...and you try yo
dialog: break them apart with your mind.
dialog: It's wild.
text: Parry lies down.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can't do this! This is New York!
text: Nobody lies in naked in a field in New
dialog: York..It's...it's too Midwestern.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Come on, try it. Ya feel the
dialog: air on your body - ya little
text: fella's flappin' in the breeze.
dialog: ...everybody in the city is busy
dialog: with their business and no one knows we're
dialog: bare assed in the middle of it. Come on!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: NO! I will not! This is nuts!
dialog: I'm leaving! I mean it...this is nuts.
dialog: (freaked, walking OC)
dialog: This is too nuts...I'm leaving. I mean it!
text: JACK starts walking away from PARRY, talking to himself -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ..Ha...Little fella? I mean
text: the man talks to invisible people -
text: he sees invisible horses - and
text: he's naked in the middle of Central
dialog: Park. I should be surprised? I'm
dialog: not surprised. I'm fucking outta
dialog: my mind to even be here!
speaker_heading: PARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Who are you talking to Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (turns back and yells)
dialog: YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND!!
speaker_heading: PARRY (O.S.)
dialog: Bingo!
dialog: HE walks O.C.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK: SHEEPS MEADOW - TEN MINUTES LATER - NIGHT.
text: JACK, fully clothed, lies next to PARRY looking up at the clouds.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They're not moving.
text: THEY stare up. JACK raises his head. HE unbuttons his shirt -
dialog: maybe that will help...
speaker_heading: JACK
text: What if some homophobic jogger runs by and
dialog: kills us to get back at his overbearing father?
text: Parry remains focused on the sky - in his own world.
dialog: Something about cloudbusting makes Parry behave in a way we haven't
text: seen before...He is un characteristically quiet.
speaker_heading: JACK
scene_heading: "JACK LUCAS FOUND DEAD - BESIDE
text: A DEAD NAKED MAN...THE TWO WERE
dialog: DEAD...HIS COMPANION WAS NAKED"...I hate
dialog: when they use the word companion...It's
dialog: so insinuating..Although, it'll probably boost my
dialog: biography sales. The public loves
dialog: stories about successful people falling into
dialog: degenerate behavior. Makes them feel
dialog: lucky to be boring and ordinary...People stink.
text: Parry suddenly speaks - as if talking to a lecture hall.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Are there any questions?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Then let's begin with the story itself.
dialog: It's a story of the Grail myth...And although
dialog: there are several variations, my favorite
text: begins with the Fisher King as a young boy...
dialog: who had to spend a night alone in the forest
dialog: to prove his courage... and during that night,
text: he is visited by a sacred vision. Out of the
text: fire, appears the Holy Grail - God's highest symbol of
text: divine grace. And a voice says to the boy,
dialog: "You shall be the guardian of the Grail, that it
dialog: may heal the hearts of men"...But the boy was
dialog: overcome ...Innocent and foolish, he was
text: blinded by greater visions - a life ahead filled
dialog: with beauty and glory, hope and power...Tears
text: filled his eyes as he sensed his own... invincibility.
text: A boy's tears of naive wonder and inspiration.
dialog: and in this state of...radical amazement...he felt
text: for a brief moment, not like a boy, but like God...
dialog: (Jack listens intently)
text: ...And so he reached into the fire to take the Grail.
text: And the Grail vanished. And the boy hands were
text: left caught in the flames...leaving him wounded
text: and ashamed at what his recklessness had lost him.
dialog: When he became King, he was determined to
text: reclaim his destiny and find the Grail...
dialog: But with each year that passed, with each
dialog: campaign he fought, the Grail remained lost, and
dialog: this wound he suffered in the fire grew worse...
dialog: He became a bitter man. Life for him lost it's reason.
dialog: With each disappointment, with each betrayal...
dialog: with each loss ... this wound would grow...
dialog: Soon the land began to spoil from neglect
dialog: and his people starved...Until finally,
dialog: the King lost all faith in God's existance and in
dialog: man's value...He lost his ability to love or be loved
dialog: And he was so sick with experience...
dialog: that he started to die. As the years went on,
dialog: his bravest knights would search for the
dialog: Grail that would heal their King and
dialog: make them the most respected and valued men in
text: the land, but to no avail. Pretty soon, finding
text: the Grail became a ruthless struggle between ambitious
dialog: men vying for the King's power, which only confirmed
text: the King's worst suspicions of man, causing his
text: wound to grow. His only hope, he thought, was death.
dialog: Then one day, a fool was brought in to the King
dialog: to cheer him. He was a simple-minded man...
dialog: not particularly skilled...or admired... He
dialog: tells the King some jokes...sing him some songs,
text: but the King feels even worse...Finally, the
dialog: fool says, "What is it that hurts you so much?
dialog: How can I help?"...And the King says, "I need
dialog: a sip of water to cool my throat"...So, the fool
text: takes a cup from the bedstand, fills it with
text: water and hands it to the King...Suddenly,
dialog: the King feels a lot better. And when he looks
text: to his hands, he sees that it was the Holy Grail
dialog: the fool handed him...an ordinary cup that had been
text: beside his bed all along...And the King asks,
dialog: "How can this be?...how could you find what
dialog: all my knights and wisest men could not find"?
dialog: And the fool answers, "I don't know. I only
dialog: knew you were thirsty."... And for the first time
dialog: since he was a boy, the King felt more than a man -
dialog: not because he was touched by God's glory...but
dialog: rather, by the compassion of a fool.
text: JACK doesn't know how to respond. HE's never known PARRY to
text: be eloquent. HE gets a glimpse of PARRY as he once was and
text: the words come out of his mouth before he knows it:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm so sorry.
text: But PARRY seems far away. HE speaks like a professor:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: The Fisher King myth has alot of
dialog: derivations...I remember I was at
dialog: this lecture in Princeton once -
dialog: and there was this one speaker...Henry Sa...
dialog: Henry...uh...Henry...
text: HE stops. As if this memory escaped with any warning.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ....What was I saying?
text: JACK is as surprised as he is. PARRY'S face is frightened
text: and confused again. There is panic in his voice.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ....What was I saying?
text: HE raises his head to look and sees:
scene_heading: EXT. SHEEPS MEADOW: SEVERAL YARDS AWAY - NIGHT.
text: THE DARK SILOUETTE OF THE RED KNIGHT UPON HIS HORSE. Staring -
text: knowing exactly where PARRY lies even though it's dark.
text: PARRY looks frightened as he lays his head back down.
text: JACK tries to snap him out of it by saying:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How come you've never asked that
dialog: girl for a date?
text: PARRY looks back to see that the RED KNIGHT has vanished.
text: HE snaps out of it somewhat.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I can't ask for her...I have to earn her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Parry, you don't have to earn a woman.
dialog: It's the twentieth century.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Maybe, when we get the Grail...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, see, I think she can help...You know
dialog: women are great..they...they make homes
dialog: and they..ya know, kill the livestock
dialog: so the knights can go out and get
dialog: Grails and...and slaughter villages with a
dialog: clear head...I mean, where would Arthur be
dialog: without Guinevere...
speaker_heading: PARRY
text: Happily married, probably.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bad example. Just trust me. A woman who loves
dialog: you keeps you going...gives you strength...
dialog: Makes you feel like you can do anything...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Is that what your girlfriend does for you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (hesitates, then lies:)
dialog: Sure...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, MET LIFE BUILDING - MORNING.
text: JACK waits near the elevators as the nine-to-five crowd make
text: their way into the building. HE looks like a bum - having
dialog: stayed out all night with PARRY....HE'S so tired he can't
text: keep his eyes opened as LYDIA walks with the crowd
text: to the elevator... Just as the doors close, JACK spots her
text: and jumps in between them - causing the inhabitants a jolt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TWO HEARTS PUBLISHING - MORNING.
text: The elevator doors open. LYDIA gets off after two leggy
text: businesswomen. JACK follows. SHE walks through two glass
text: doors with the words TWO HEARTS PUBLISHING, INC. and enters
text: the office. JACK waits until she had disappeared down a
text: foyer, then enters the reception area.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Could you help me-- what was the name
dialog: of that girl who just came in...
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: What girl? I didn't notice.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh... she was wearing a kind of... a
dialog: flouncy kind of... uh... plain...
text: He makes big gestures with his arms to describe the
text: dress, the stringy gestures with his fingers to describe
dialog: her hair.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (winning at Charades)
dialog: Oh, Lydia!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Lydia. Lydia what?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: God, I have no idea. She's worked
dialog: here for fifteen years and I have no
dialog: idea. I'll call her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No... no... that's all right... I
dialog: thought I knew her... Thanks...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO POP OFFICE - DAY
text: Jack is on the phone, with an open Yellow Pages beside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes. Two Hearts Publishing? May I
dialog: speak to Lydia please.
text: He waits. Anne enters. She is obviously very irritated
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Can I have my desk please.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Hello, I'd like to speak to Lydia?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Lydia?! Lydia who!?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to Anne)
dialog: I don't know her last name... I'll be
text: off in a second.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You're calling Lydia in my office.
dialog: You must think I'm some dope. You
dialog: fuckin' bastard... You...
dialog: (she punches his arm)
dialog: ... stay out all night long...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (overlapping, to phone)
dialog: What... No... Lydia... I want to
dialog: speak to... her name is Lydia...
dialog: I...uh...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: ... I don't get a friggin' phone
dialog: call. You stroll in here at noon. I
dialog: got... two people out sick. Ya think
dialog: I need this? I Do Not Need This!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ...Forget it... Goodbye!
text: He hangs up.
text: Anne sits down at her desk. She is waiting for an
dialog: explanation.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I was not with a woman last night. I
dialog: was out with Parry.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: The moron?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He's not a moron.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: And who's Lydia?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Lydia is the girl Parry likes... And
dialog: I thought, if I could get them
dialog: together I...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What? The curse'll be lifted? Will
dialog: you please!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I... You're not going to understand
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Don't treat me like I'm stupid. It
dialog: pisses me off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All right... Sorry... I feel indebted
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: See, I told you!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Well, what the hell does that mean?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I thought... if... if I can help him
dialog: in some way... you know?... get him
dialog: this girl he loves... Then...
dialog: maybe.... things'll start changing for
dialog: me... My luck, ya know... Maybe...
dialog: (gives up)
dialog: Forget it... It's a stupid idea.
text: Anne looks at him incredulously. He sits down and
text: breathes a sigh -- the absurdity of the idea hitting him
text: as well. Anne softens -- feeling like she has unfairly
text: taken the wind out of his sail.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh, you poor kid... You're a mess.
text: Anne stands and buries Jack's face in her breast. She
text: decides to be positive.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Well, listen... stranger things
dialog: have happened.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT - LATER THAT AFTERNOON.
text: Jack on the phone to Lydia. This time Anne is right
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hello Lydia?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (abrasively)
dialog: Yeah? Who is this?
text: Her abrupt manner surprises Jack. Jack uses his old,
text: confident radio voice.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is Jack Lucas and I'm calling
dialog: from Video Pop video rentals.
scene_heading: INT. LYDIA'S OFFICE - INTERCUT PHONE CALL - DAY
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes well...
dialog: (guessing and hoping)
dialog: You are a credit card holder, are you
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Huh-huh.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, congratulations Lydia, because
dialog: out of several thousand card
dialog: holders... in conjunction with
dialog: several major credit card
dialog: companies...
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Which ones?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All of them... Which means you have
dialog: just won a free membership at our
text: store on Second Avenue.
text: He puts the reciever near a tape player and presses play.
text: "HAPPY DAYS ARE HERE AGAIN" plays for a moment, then he
text: shuts it off.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (deadpan, not getting it)
dialog: How did this happen?
text: Jack is prepared for Lydia's, shall we say, reluctance to
dialog: buy it!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your name was picked.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (suspicious... and dense)
dialog: Well, I don't understand. What did
dialog: you do -- did you pick my name out
dialog: of a hat or... or... a list?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A list.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Well -- were there a lot of people in
dialog: the room or just you or what?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (about to answer)
dialog: Well there....
dialog: (then)
dialog: What's the difference?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Well, I mean... I don't know you...
dialog: This has never... I've never won
dialog: anything and... I don't have a VCR.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You get a VCR with the membership.
dialog: (ANNE hits him)
dialog: ... For a short time until you get
dialog: your own. Listen, why don't you come
dialog: down to the store and you can check
dialog: it out. See if you're interested.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Did Phyllis in accounting tell you to
dialog: call me?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (fed up)
dialog: No! I told you! You won a contest!
text: Lydia hangs up. Jack turns to Anne.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ....This is going to be rough.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MET LIFE ELEVATOR - DAY.
text: JACK stands beside a costumed GAY BUM in a crowded elevator.
text: The Bum warms up to the elevator's muzak. JACK shoves him to stop.
text: A somber looking BUSINESSMAN rides along side, reading a
text: newspaper. The GAY BUM moves next to him and looks up:
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: I'm Anne Morrow Lindbergh and I can't
dialog: find my baby...
text: The BUSINESSMAN is stunned...HE laughs...
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: See, I knew I could make you smile...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TWO HEARTS PUBLISHING - DAY.
text: The elevator doors open. JACK stands beside THE GAY BUM who
text: carries balloons marked VIDEO SPOT.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (adamant)
dialog: Remember. One chorus and out.
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: I'm a man with a mission, Jack.
text: THE GAY BUM walks to the office entrance. JACK pushes the down
text: button. As the doors close, we hear him say to himself:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can't believe I'm on a first name
dialog: basis with these people...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE GAY BUM enters the reception area, much to the surprise of
dialog: the receptionist.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Can I ... help you?
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: Is there a mousy woman who works here
dialog: named Lydia?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Yes..if you'll wait here I'll...
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: This is a personalized message. I
dialog: have to give it in person.
scene_heading: INT. TWO HEARTS PUBLISHING - MOMENTS LATER
text: THE GAY BUM strolls nonchalantly into the office and down the aisle
text: relishing in the amazed expressions of the employees. HE approaches
text: a cubicle on which he reads a small name plate - LYDIA SINCLAIR.
text: LYDIA has her back to him, but slowly turns as she feels someone
text: watching her. SHE lets out a tiny scream when she sees him
text: standing there like a deranged clown. The GAY BUM take notice of
text: her outfit - a cordoroy, forest green jumper with a lime
dialog: green turtleneck -
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: You MUST be SHE.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Huh?
text: THE GAY BUM begins to sing a SONG PARODY to the tune of a
text: classical musical number. (Song to be chosen). After a big finish,
text: the GAY BUM hands LYDIA a business card, drops the act and exits:
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: (murmurs cynically)
dialog: Jesus...
text: Stunned, LYDIA looks down at the information card she holds
text: frozen in her hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO STOP - 5:30 THE NEXT DAY.
text: C.U. on ANNE, who is slighted repulsed by PARRY.
text: JACK PARRY; his hair slicked back, wearing a Video Spot T-shirt
text: over his clothes. Jack hangs a car pine freshner around PARRY's
text: neck to help with the smell...The bell on front door jingles.
text: LYDIA cautiously enters the store.
text: Behind the counter, JACK spots her immediately and nudges ANNE.
text: SHE turns to look, her bra straps are visible. JACK fixes them.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Hello. My name is Lydia Sinclair.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes. Hi..Congratulations. Jack Lucas.
dialog: Nice to meet you finally. This is Anne
text: Napolitano, the owner of Video Spot.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Hello....congratulations.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And this is our other..uh...co-worker..
dialog: Parry..uh...Parry....
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Parry Parry?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: No just Parry.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Oh...like Moses.
text: No one knows how to respond to this, so they don't.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (continuing; curt)
dialog: So how do we do this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well..um...you get an official
dialog: membership card...
dialog: (takes one out)
dialog: Just sign that and we'll laminate it
dialog: right here... Parry? You want to
dialog: laminate Miss Sinclair's card?...
text: Parry stands staring at her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...Parry?
text: Parry snaps out of it and crosses from behind the counter
text: to the laminating machine next to Jack.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: This will last you one year after
dialog: which you have the option to renew
dialog: if... you like at a membership
dialog: discount.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: But now it's free, right?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Anne backs off. She stands next to an equally perplexed
text: Jack as they watch Lydia fill out the card. Her abrasive
text: demeanor is not what they expected. Lydia finishes the
text: card and pushes it toward them.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh... you... you can pick out up to
dialog: ten movies...
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Free?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes. They're free.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (butts in)
dialog: Only the first ten. After that
dialog: they're 2.99 a rental.
text: Lydia eyes Anne suspiciously, then turns to survey the
text: shelves. Parry picks up her card and laminates it -- all
text: the while, keeping his eyes fixed upon Lydia's every
text: move. Anne and Jack, having set the trap, watch with
dialog: interest.
text: Lydia surveys the film boxes, H-L. She spots one of
text: interest and pulls it off the shelf -- causing two other
text: boxes to fall down on her. She catches one box and, as
text: she replaces it back on the shelf, causes three more to
text: fall. She catches two of the three.
text: Parry, Anne and Jack watching with an odd fascination.
text: Jack nudges Parry to forget the laminating and go help
text: her. Parry gathers up his nerve and moves from around
text: the counter, up behind her.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ... Can... can I help you?
text: Lydia quickly turns -- she is uncomfortable by his
dialog: closeness.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: No. No... I can look myself...
text: She moves away abruptly -- like a fox terrier who
text: pretends to ignore the mess she made on the living room
dialog: rug.
text: Parry turns to Jack and Anne, as if to say "what do I do
text: now?" Jack encourages him to keep trying. Parry
text: organizes the boxes and picks one out.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: How about the "Hell Merchants"?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I don't like horror movies!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (reads)
dialog: How about... Zbiegnew Speizak's "The
dialog: Purple Bread," an intensely portrayed
dialog: tale of love and envy set against the
dialog: sweeping background of a Polish
text: bakery. In subtitles.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I don't like... uh...
dialog: (finding it hard to
dialog: categorize)
dialog: Polish love stories...
dialog: (she turns her back
dialog: on him, but adds)
dialog: ... I like musicals.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (encouraged)
dialog: Well, we have plenty of those. Right
dialog: over here. We got the MGM series,
dialog: Astaire and Rogers, the Judy
dialog: Garlands...
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Got any Ethel Merman?
text: He doesn't see any. He looks to Anne, who shakes her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ... Uh... we seem to be all out of
dialog: Ethel Merman.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: What a gyp.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jack nudges Anne to do something.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You know, I think I... ordered some
dialog: just the other day.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Well did you or didn't you?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (pissed off)
dialog: Yes! They'll be in soon.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Well, I guess I'll come back then.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Here's your card.
text: Lydia walks back to the counter. As Jack hands her the
text: card, she notices Anne's painted star fingernails.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I like your nails. Where did you get
dialog: them done?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Ah... I do them myself. I used to
text: work in a beauty parlor.
text: Lydia keeps staring at them. She says blankly;
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I like the stars.
text: Jack gets an idea.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know, Anne does other people too.
dialog: Sort of a sideline...
dialog: (Anne is surprised to hear
dialog: this.
dialog: ... If you want, she could do your
dialog: nails.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, since you're a member, we
dialog: could...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Twenty dollars.
text: Lydia considers the offer. Parry waits for the outcome.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Okay... twenty dollars... When can
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tonight! How's tonight?
text: Lydia thinks. Anne is ready to kill Jack. Parry smiles
dialog: hopefully.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT - THAT EVENING
text: Jack searches frantically through a closet. Anne and
text: Parry sit opposite each other at the table. Parry is
text: eating Anne's homecooking voraciously. Anne doesn't
text: quite know how to take Parry, who smiles mischieviously
text: through his meal.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (to Jack O.S.)
dialog: Getting your nails done is one thing
dialog: but going to dinner with a bunch of
dialog: strangers and him... She didn't even
text: look at him.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Got any more bread crust?
text: As Anne resentfully rises and crosses into the kitchen,
text: Parry focuses on her robust breasts bouncing beneath the
text: sweater. Anne's expression, as she serves him, is a
text: mixture of repulsion and fascination... She sits at the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: We'll make it very casual... not like
dialog: a date or anything. I just have to
dialog: find something he'll look good in.
text: Anne looks at Parry as if this were an impossibility.
text: Parry smiles back -- he likes Anne.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I don't know... He's a little
dialog: disgusting... Although some women go
dialog: for that.
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: He just needs some clothes?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Got any more starchy food?
text: Another opportunity to watch Anne's breasts in action, as
text: she reluctantly rises to get him more macaroni. She
text: returns with the pot.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I mean, I've gone out with bums, but
dialog: they were gorgeous. It's the only
dialog: reason to go out with a bum.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: This food's delicious. You're a
dialog: wonderful cook. And you have a
dialog: lovely home.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: Jack, he's starting a conversation...
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Well talk back. He won't bite you.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (cool and polite)
dialog: Thank you very much.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (enjoying the conversation)
dialog: Your welcome. You know, a
dialog: beautiful woman like yourself -- your
dialog: own business -- I'm surprised some
dialog: guy doesn't snatch you up for his
dialog: own.
text: Anne looks in Jack's direction, but replies to Parry:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You're surprised!... But I guess I
dialog: just never met the right guy. Whatta
dialog: gonna do?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I'm shocked. With a child bearing
dialog: body like yours...
dialog: (Anne doesn't know how
dialog: to take that)
dialog: ... why a man would have to be out of
dialog: his mind!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Most men are.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Why this is outrageous!...
text: Parry, getting overly heated, slams down his fork. Anne
dialog: jumps.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... A woman of your value going to
dialog: waste before my eyes....
dialog: (rising intensity)
dialog: Come on! I'm yours! Let's go!
text: (clears the table with
dialog: one move)
dialog: Come on -- let us go to that place of
text: splendor in the grass.
text: He starts to unzip his pants.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Jack!
text: Climbing over the table to her, he seranades.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Holdin' my penis...
dialog: What a lovely way of sayin' how
dialog: Much ya like me...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What are you, out of your mind!
text: Jack enters...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Holdin' my penis...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Parry! Close your pants...
text: Parry stops singing and gets off the table. He bows to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (kidding)
dialog: You sure now?
text: Anne looks at him like she's going to belt him.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Well alright. But you let me
dialog: know.
dialog: (with great
dialog: sincerity)
dialog: You're too good a woman to go to
dialog: waste.
text: Anne, in spite of herself, agrees with him. She looks to
text: Jack to see if he agrees, but Jack is too busy inspecting
dialog: Parry.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What are you -- a 40 in a jacket?
text: Anne, frustrated with the two of them, exits.
scene_heading: EXT. VIDEO POP - NIGHT
text: Lydia walks up and RINGS the bell. BUZZED in -- she
text: enters.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT - LATER THAT EVENING
text: Anne's opens the door to a cautious Lydia. Lydia nods,
text: self-consiously, as if to say, "Yeah, I'm here".
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Hello... welcome... Come in.
text: Lydia enters, subtly inspecting the apartment.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I've never been in an apartment above
dialog: a store. You always pass them on the
dialog: street but you never think anyone
dialog: really lives in them.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (raising an eyebrow)
dialog: Can I get you anything...coffee...
dialog: tea...a little tequilla?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: No, thank you.
text: LYDIA sits at the formica table, already set up with nail care
text: paraphernalia - with the gleaming steel nail files it looks a
dialog: bit like surgery equipment.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Will it hurt?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (threateningly)
dialog: That all depends on you.
dialog: ...Sure you don't want a drink?
text: LYDIA's a little nervous about this attempt at nail beauty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARRY'S BASEMENT - NIGHT.
text: Jack is cleaning up Parry - perhaps applying a green mud
dialog: treatment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT - LATER THAT EVENING.
text: ANNE is seated at her formica table opposite LYDIA. SHE
text: delicately holds one of LYDIA'S hands, carefully applying the
text: stars to her nails. LYDIA sips her tequilla with one hand.
text: ANNE'S glass is almost empty as she talks non-stop;
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: ...So he says to me, "you'll never find
dialog: another man like me"...I said, "please,
dialog: men like you have one hand on their
text: dicks and the other hand on their
dialog: mother's leg... I said, there's
dialog: the door - take a trip.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (paying close attention)
dialog: You threw him out?
text: ANNE makes a confident nod. LYDIA sips.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: My parents were divorced.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: It's an awful thing, let me tell you.
dialog: My Aunt used to say,
dialog: (emphasizing)
dialog: "divorce is the sister-in-law of death".
text: ANNE nods knowingly. LYDIA squints as she considers this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARRY'S BASEMENT - SAME TIME.
text: JACK stands behind a seated PARRY in front of a mirror.
text: PARRY'S hair is wet. JACK places a can of styling mousse
text: in front of him. PARRY squeezes a ball of mousse in his hand,
text: then applies it to his head....PARRY proceeds to experiment
text: with a number of styles - adding more and more mousse as JACK
text: watches in silence. PARRY molds his hair into a cone, then
text: divides into two cones, then mushes it into a pompadour, then
dialog: splits the pompadour - PARRY is having a wonderful time -
text: applying enormous amounts to his head and eyebrows....Finally,
text: JACK grabs the can out of PARRY'S hand.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT - A LITTLE LATER.
text: ANNE works on LYDIA'S other hand, as LYDIA sips her tequilla
text: from a straw.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: ...SO...anybody special in your life?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: Do I look like I have someone special?
text: SHE moves to picks up her tequilla with the manicured hand but
text: ANNE eyes her down.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Well, don't say it like that. It's not
dialog: so...ya know, crazy an idea.
dialog: You are a healthy woman... You
dialog: hold a steady job. Ya not crossed
dialog: eyed or anything...
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Well, there's nobody special!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (pause, then:)
dialog: I mean, it's not easy in this day and age.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Meeting ... people.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Tell me about it. I've been dating
dialog: longer than I've been driving. I
dialog: can't believe that.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I never really...went through a...
dialog: dating period.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: It's a disgusting process. You haven't
dialog: missed anything.
text: LYDIA nods in agreement, but her face tells us she feels she has
dialog: missed a great deal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARRY'S BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: PARRY, cleaned and dressed up - his hair moussed back, the suit
text: is too big. PARRY paces back and forth in the hallway as JACK
text: tries to staple the sleeves of the suit shorter for PARRY's arms.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Will you stand still so I can do this!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I'm sorry....I'm just so excited.
dialog: (JACK smiles)
dialog: You must have felt this way when
dialog: you first met Anne, huh?
dialog: Where did you two meet?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: In a bar called Hellfire.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Tch...how romantic. Yeah. If I
dialog: wasn't already committed to
dialog: Lydia, boy. Except Anne'd never go for
dialog: me though. She loves you too much.
dialog: And you really love her, huh?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. But that's not the only reason
dialog: people get together or..stay together.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: What are the other reasons?
text: JACK thinks a moment, then answers plainly:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Survival.
text: PARRY puts his arm on JACK'S shoulder and speaks very sincerely.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (earnest)
dialog: You love her alot Jack. You're ...
dialog: crazy about her...It's just that,
dialog: sometimes, you're a little bit of an asshole.
text: JACK is surprised by the remark and abruptly focuses on PARRY.
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT - LATER
text: LYDIA is a little more loose and talkative now as ANNE refills
text: her glass, then takes LYDIA'S other hand to apply the stars.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: ...My mother calls every week.
text: Like a recurring nightmare.
dialog: "So, have you met anyone?"..."No mom"..
dialog: "So what's going to happen?"...
dialog: "I don't know Mom"...
dialog: I only thank God I moved out.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I can't believe you lived with
dialog: her for that long. If I had to live
dialog: with my mother, I'd stab myself six times.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I think some people are meant to be alone.
dialog: (she takes a slug)
dialog: Maybe I was a man in a former life
dialog: and I used women for pleasure so
dialog: now I'm paying for it - which would
dialog: be fine, if I could just remember
dialog: some of the pleasure parts...
dialog: (drinks)
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I don't understand you. What is the problem?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I don't feel like I make any impression on people...
dialog: At office parties I spend my time
text: re-arranging the hors d'oeuvres as people eat
text: them, so the platters will always look full.
dialog: I don't start conversations because I have
dialog: no idea how to end them...I think I'm
dialog: just meant to live in the background
dialog: of things.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: That's not true...You gotta ease up...
dialog: Conversations have a life of their own.
dialog: You gotta just go with it...We're having
dialog: a lovely conversation.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (bluntly)
dialog: I'm paying you.
text: ANNE drops her hand. SHE's pissed.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You know, let me tell you something!
dialog: I'm not that kind of person. I don't
dialog: do people favors. If I talk to you
dialog: it's because I want to. So we're not
dialog: all ...uh...Jerri Hall...Big deal...
dialog: What a boring world if we were.
dialog: You do the best you can with what you got.
dialog: You're not so so invisible, ya know...
dialog: You want make an impression? Try this;
dialog: you can be a real bitch.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (her face lights up)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Yeah!
text: LYDIA smiles at the thought of having such an impressionable
dialog: personality..
scene_heading: EXT. VIDEO POP - NIGHT.
text: JACK tries to calm PARRY down.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come here...you're all crooked.
speaker_heading: (HANDS HIM WALLET)
dialog: Here's my wallet, so you can pay for dinner?
text: JACK adjusts PARRY'S tie, then undoes it and re-ties.
text: PARRY takes wallet, keeping his eyes on JACK, as JACK primps him.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ...You're a nice man, Jack.
dialog: Doing all this for me...
text: JACK doesn't pay attention as PARRY'S expression grows pale and
text: frightened. HE suddenly raps his arms around JACK and whispers;
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I'm scared Jack.
text: JACK, uncomfortable at the intimacy, tries to comfort him.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ...I feel so much for her...I
dialog: feel like something awful is going to happen.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. Nothing bad's going to happen.
dialog: Anne'll be there. I'll be there.
dialog: Nothing bad will happen.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I'm still scared.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT.
text: ANNE and LYDIA share a drink....
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: It's hard being a woman. I don't care what
dialog: anybody says...People say we have choices -
dialog: we have no choices...My grandma used to
dialog: say that, for a woman in this world, behind
dialog: every door there's either death...or husband.
text: LYDIA cracks up laughing.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: "Sister-in-law of death"...That's wonderful.
text: SHE takes another sip as JACK knocks on the door and enters with PARRY.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Anne...!
speaker_heading: (to LYDIA)
dialog: Oh hi? How's it going?
text: Lydia loses her smile and becomes self-conscious and protective.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Parry, it's Lydia Sinclair - our membership winner.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I know!
text: JACK turns to find that PARRY is still outside the apartment.
text: HE crosses to PARRY. The two whisper intensely....
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What are you two up to?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well..everything's closed up.
dialog: We thought we'd get some dinner.
dialog: (overplaying it)
dialog: Say!....Anybody up for Chinese?
speaker_heading: (to LYDIA)
dialog: Have you eaten? Would you
dialog: like to come along?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (rises, uncomfortable)
dialog: Oh, no..I have to get home...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: The nails!! Watch the nails!!...
dialog: (LYDIA sits back down)
dialog: Listen, you still have to eat.
text: PARRY stands in b.g. with JACK, whispering....
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: No really..I can't.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Hey? What did I tell you?
dialog: Why don't you come? It's just dinner.
dialog: You'll have something to tell
dialog: your mother next time she calls.
text: LYDIA smiles as PARRY and JACK reach an agreement.
text: All four turn to each other spontaneously and say:
scene_heading: ANNE, JACK, LYDIA, PARRY
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR BROOKLYN BRIDGE - NIGHT.
text: PARRY and LYDIA walk and talk. ANNE and JACK walk behind them.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: ...I..uh..I get to read some of the books
dialog: but mostly I..just calculate production
dialog: costs from first edition hard cover
dialog: publication to paperback. After
dialog: paperback it's basically someone
dialog: else's problem.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: It sounds exciting.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Why does it sound exciting? There's
dialog: absolutely nothing exciting about it.
text: As Parry talks, he picks up a piece of garbage on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Well, you're calculating costs that
dialog: could have an affect on whether or
dialog: not the book is published and if
dialog: it is, it could be a book that...
dialog: ....might somehow change the way people
dialog: think or act - a book can do that.
dialog: And you would be a part of creating
dialog: a cultural shift that could change
dialog: our society forever.
text: Parry drops the garbage in a garbage can and is almost
dialog: about to browse through it when:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Parry!
text: Parry is alerted by Jack that this would be inappropriate.
text: However, he does take a wire champagne cork wrapper, indiscreetly.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: We mostly publish trashy romance novels.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Well - empires have fallen
dialog: because of trashy romances...
text: Parry seems to be fashioning something out of the wire.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...Romance is romance no matter what kind
dialog: it is...It could be a Victorian lady
text: kidnapped by a viral sea captain
text: with a hairy chest...or a horny pizza boy
text: seduced by a housewife with a hairy upper lip.
dialog: As long as there's heart, passion,
dialog: and little bit of fantasy...romance is
dialog: the stuff of dreams...there's always
dialog: more to trash than meets the eye...
text: With this, Parry shows her his creation - a little wire chair
text: made from the champagne wire. Lydia is impressed. Their
text: eyes meet for a dangerous moment, until:
text: A LARGE MAN walks by, bumping into LYDIA without apology and
text: knocking Parry's gift to the ground....
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ...Hey!
text: The LARGE MAN continues walking as PARRY reaches to his back
text: pocket to pull out his SLINGSHOT when:
speaker_heading: JACK/ANNE
speaker_heading: PARRY!
text: PARRY begrudgingly lets him go.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (O.S.)
dialog: Parry!...Parry - is that you!
text: Parry spots a familiar homeless face, sitting on the curb.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Hey Martin...!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't you look all duded up!
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: This is Lydia!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Nice to meet you Lydia! Got a quarter?!
text: PARRY smiles proudly. A mortified LYDIA reachs in her purse
text: and hands Martin a quarter...Anne and Jack watch in disbelief.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Thank you. God bless...
dialog: (to Parry)
dialog: Nice girl...Have you set the date yet?
text: Lydia hurries away. Parry follows....The walk continues:
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: How do you know him?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: We were neighbors for a couple for weeks
dialog: on Sutton Place.
dialog: Lydia
dialog: You lived on Sutton Place?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Yep! Right on it!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (tries to save it)
dialog: Huh...the restaurant's just around the
dialog: corner here...
text: They nod. After a beat, Lydia asks:
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: What do you do - for a living I mean?
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Well, I'm in search of the Holy Grail.
text: JACK smacks his own forehead, exasperated. ANNE gives up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT.
text: ANNE and LYDIA sit opposite JACK and PARRY.
text: THEY are served three large orders of dumplings.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh..I could eat all of these
text: LYDIA is nervous about this. As everyone begins to eat, SHE
text: eyes her chopsticks with reluctance.
text: PARRY looks at her and smiles encouragingly.
text: LYDIA forces a smile back, picks up her chopsticks and dives in.
text: PARRY watches her in adoration. JACK subtly tries to get PARRY
text: to stop staring. But PARRY is glued to his vision.
text: LYDIA, even more awkward now with her new nails, drops her first
text: dumpling into her lap.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Oh..god...
text: To save her from embarassment, PARRY drops his dumpling into his
dialog: lap as well.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Oh boy...
text: LYDIA takes her napkin and dips it into a glass of water.
text: PARRY follows suit.
text: When LYDIA removes the napkin, her glass falls over.
text: PARRY forces his glass over, as well.
text: ANNE and JACK are looking at this mirror exercise in fascination.
speaker_heading: PARRY
speaker_heading: (to LYDIA)
dialog: Can't take us anywhere, huh?
text: LYDIA can't help but smile - a little more at ease now. Grateful
text: she is not the clumsy center of attention.
text: JACK leans over and whispers to ANNE:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I think they're made for each other.
dialog: And it scares me.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
text: LATER IN THE EVENING.
text: WE PAN the table as everyone eats their main courses.
text: LYDIA, we discover, has another eating idiosyncracy. SHE
text: unconsciously, but quite loudly, smacks her mouth when she chews.
speaker_heading: LYDIA (O.C.)
text: SMACK..SMACK...SMACK...
text: WE HEAR THIS SMACKING OFF CAMERA as we begin on JACK; trying not
text: to look at LYDIA but having difficulty enjoying his own meal.
text: CAMERA moves to PARRY, staring at her, helplessly in love, not
text: paying any attention to his own food; moving to LYDIA "SMACK,
text: SMACKING" , beginning to accept PARRY'S attraction in her and,
text: warming up to the idea, SHE throws a smile at him in between
text: "smacks"; and finally ANNE, chewing quietly, staring at JACK
text: with her eyes widened twice their normal size, indicating her
text: disbelief at LYDIA'S vocal variety of noises.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: PARRY
text: gazing at his sweetheart, a song to seranade comes to
text: mind and he softly begins:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Lydia... Oh Lydia... That
dialog: encyclopedia. Oh Lydia the tattooed
dialog: lady...
text: His gentle voice counterbalances the odd lyrics and makes
text: it sound like a love song.
text: Anne eyes Jack to stop him.
text: Jack is about to make an attempt but can't seem to find
text: the way, so he doesn't bother.
text: Lydia doesn't know how to respond either. At first she
text: smiles politely, then she pretends to be too busy eating
dialog: to listen -- but something about Parry's sincerity pulls
text: her in. His face glows as he floats the lyrics across
text: the table to her. Slowly, her "smacking" subsides, she
text: lowers her fork, forgets her self-consciousness and
text: listens to Parry -- slightly hypnotized; like a little
text: girl watching a ballerina for the first time.
text: Jack is fascinated by Parry's complete adoration of this
text: mess of a woman. He looks to Anne, who tries to continue
text: her meal nonchalantly. He notices her bra strap hanging
text: out from her sweater.
text: CAMERA CUTS BACK AND FORTH between the exposed strap and
text: Jack, as Parry continues seranading O.S. Anne realizes
text: Jack is staring at her and immediately thinks something's
text: wrong. But Jack just smiles at her. His hand reaches
text: across the table, not to fix her sweater, but to take her
text: hand. Anne is in shock. She slips her hand into his and
text: smiles back, her eyes almost tearing.
text: When Parry finishes, he smiles.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Would it be all right... I mean would
dialog: you mind... if I walked you home
dialog: tonight?
text: Lydia nods. From O.S., Parry's hand holds a napkin and
text: gently dabs a stain of soy sauce on her sleeve.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VIDEO SPOT - NIGHT.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I tell ya, I'm very surprised.
dialog: She seemed to go for him. Hmmm...
dialog: There's somebody for everybody, huh?
text: JACK very pleased with himself.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know, I can't believe I did it.
dialog: You think it'll work out?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Who's knows. My Aunt Marge used to say,
dialog: "some matches are made in heaven,
dialog: some are made in hell and some are made
dialog: in hardware stores".
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nothing it's just...I begining to understand you.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Well...I think you should feel very
dialog: proud. You did a real nice thing
dialog: for somebody else. I'm very proud.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You were great. Thanks alot.
text: HE kisses her hard and long. ANNE pulls away to catch her breath.
text: SHE is surprised, to say the least.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Your welcome.
text: JACK tenderly brushes her hair off her face. HE kisses her again,
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh my.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LYDIA'S STREET - NIGHT.
text: PARRY and LYDIA walk - noticably more comfortable with each
dialog: other than before.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Tell me more. I want to know everything.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: There isn't any more to tell.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Don't say that.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: No, really..believe me - there
dialog: isn't any more. This is it.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Well, it's enough for me.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: You don't have to say that.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I never say anything I have to.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I mean you don't have to say nice
dialog: things to me... That kind of thing is
dialog: a little old fashioned for what we're
text: about to do.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: What are we about to do?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Well... you're walking me home. I...
dialog: I guess you're sort of... attracted
dialog: to me and you'll want to come
dialog: upstairs for... coffee...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I don't drink coffee...
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: ... and then we'll probably have a
dialog: drink and talk and get comfortable
dialog: with each other and... and we'll...
dialog: then you'll sleep over and then in
dialog: the morning...
dialog: (driving herself into a
dialog: complex)
dialog: ... you'll be distant and you won't
dialog: be... able to stay for breakfast...
dialog: you'll just have some coffee maybe...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: I don't drink coffee...
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: And then we'll exchange phone numbers
dialog: and you'll leave and never call and
dialog: I'll go to work and feel great for
text: the first hour and then slowly turn
text: into a piece of dirt by lunch. Why
dialog: am I putting myself through this?
text: (to Parry, as she quickens
dialog: her pace)
dialog: It was very nice... uh meeting you.
dialog: Good night..
text: She walks quickly away. Parry stops, confused to say the
text: least, then runs after her. Lydia is just about to enter
text: the front door of her building when Parry stops her.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Excuse me...
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Listen, I'm not feeling well.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Well, no wonder. We just met, made
dialog: love and broke up all in the space of
dialog: thirty seconds and I can't even
dialog: remember the first kiss which is the
dialog: best part.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Listen, you're very nice... b...
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: So are you, but I think maybe you
dialog: should shut up now...
dialog: (Lydia is surprised)
dialog: ... I'm not coming up to your
dialog: apartment. That was never my idea.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Oh... You mean you don't want to.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (deeply sincere)
dialog: Oh no, I want to.
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: I've got a hard-on for you the size
dialog: of Canada... but I don't... want
dialog: just one night. I have a confession
dialog: to make?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: You're married.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Divorced.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: No, I...
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: You have a disease.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Will you stop!...
dialog: (pause, he looks at her)
dialog: ... I'm in love with you...
text: Lydia is about to speak when Parry puts his hand over her
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: ... It's not just from tonight. I've
dialog: known you for a long time. I see you
dialog: come out of work every day. I walk
dialog: with you to lunch. I know what you
dialog: order... I see you buy Baby Ruths
dialog: before going back in...
dialog: (slowly removes his hand)
dialog: I know how you feel on certain days
dialog: by whether or not you go into the
dialog: bookstore...
dialog: (Lydia listens with
dialog: fascination)
dialog: ... I know you hate your job and you
dialog: don't have many friends and you
dialog: sometimes feel like you're not as...
dialog: as wonderful as everybody else and
dialog: you're a little uncoordinated
dialog: (Lydia begins to cry)
dialog: ... and feeling like you're the only
dialog: one who's as separate and... alone as
dialog: you are... and I love you. I love
dialog: you. I think you're the greatest
dialog: thing since... spice racks and I
dialog: would be knocked out several times if
dialog: I even got just a first kiss. But
dialog: I'll be back in the morning. And I
dialog: won't be distant. And I will call if
dialog: you let me... But I still don't drink
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Shhh...
text: She kisses him, tentatively -- almost awkwardly. Parry
text: feels a surge of emotion that makes his whole body
text: tremble. Lydia separates from him and looks into his
text: eyes. She pinches his cheek, hard.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (continuing; earnestly)
dialog: You are real, aren't you?
text: They kiss again. Then Lydia quickly pulls away...
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... You can call...
text: She runs into the building, afraid to linger and ruin the
text: moment. Parry stands transfixed, his eyes following her.
text: Lydia pauses briefly to look back. She is so excited.
text: She smiles and turns toward the elevator... her skirt
text: spinning with her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LYDIA'S BUILDING - ELEVATOR - SECONDS LATER
text: She re-enacts the entire love scene in her mind, to make
dialog: sure it went as well as she thinks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LYDIA'S BUILDING - NIGHT
text: PARRY is standing frozen... We don't know whether he's
text: looking ahead of him or in his mind's eye... He appears
text: anxious and frightened as he steps back, away from
text: Lydia's building... He senses someone is watching him.
text: Parry smiles. But suddenly it is as if everything has
text: gone into SLOW MOTION. His eyes focus on her skirt as it
text: swirls around as she turns... His expression grows dark:
text: O.S. we hear a horses HOOVES moving in slowly as CAMERA
text: moves to CLOSEUP. He slowly turns his head and looks
text: down the block to the corner to see:
text: The Red Knight. He sits upon his horse as if waiting for
text: Parry. The street lamps cast a glow around his imposing
text: figure. The night air lifts his cape up around his
text: massive shoulders.
text: Parry, vulnerable, in love, whispers plainly:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Let me have this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE RED KNIGHT
text: silent, unforgiving, unrelenting.
text: Parry begins to move away, taking a step back and then
text: another and another... until he is running down toward
text: the opposite corner.
text: The Red Knight shifts his horse into Parry's direction
text: and begins to charge. Parry runs through deserted city
text: streets -- running for his life; the sounds of the Red
text: Knight GALLOPINGS grows closer. The Red Knight, looks
text: like a surreal figure hunting his prey.
text: As Parry runs, IMAGES/MEMORIES begin to flood his mind
text: uncontrollably;
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: An ambulance arriving at a hospital... his wounded wife
text: being moved on a stretcher.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LYDIA'S STREET - NIGHT
text: Parry running away from the Knight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BABBITT'S - NIGHT
text: Parry and his wife at the side bar. He is making her
text: laugh uncontrollably. He sees Edwin in the doorway,
dialog: making nothing of it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Parry still running.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Sstttoppp!!!
text: Passers-by on the street witness the familiar sight of a
text: bum screaming at thin air then turn away. We hear the
text: GALLOPING getting louder.
text: Parry runs, mumbling incoherently. People on the street
text: get out of his way or snicker behind his back. The Red
text: Knight gallops toward PARRY, as he runs; his face wet
text: with tears -- yet contorting with angry, incomprehensible
text: reprisals. People on the street pay no attention.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BABBITT'S - NIGHT
text: A bar with broken glass surrounded by police and
dialog: spectators.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: Parry and his wife waltzing. CLOSEUP on their clasped
text: hands as Parry maneuvers a ring on her finger.
scene_heading: INT. BABBITT'S - NIGHT
text: His wife's lifeless hand lifted onto the stretcher.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: Surprised, Parry's wife stops dancing to look at the
text: ring. Parry smiles. It is his proposal...
scene_heading: EXT. BABBITT'S - NIGHT
text: Ambulance driving away with Parry holding his wife's hand
dialog: in the back...
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY
text: Dancing, his wife embraces him as she accepts.
scene_heading: INT. TV NEWS STATION - NIGHT
text: Jack's face on a TV news broadcast with a reporter
dialog: commenting.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST RIVER PROMENADE - NIGHT
text: Parry has run all the way to the promenade along the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Come on!... Where are you!!! Where
dialog: are you!!
dialog: (softer, dropping to his
dialog: knees)
dialog: Where are you...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE END OF THE PROMENADE - NIGHT
text: The two juvenile delinquents, Leather and Windbreaker,
text: come strutting down the promenade, in SLOW MOTION. Parry
text: looks toward them, as if surrendering.
text: Through PARRY'S POV we see the two youths are being lead
text: by the Red Knight on his horse.
text: Parry, tear-stained face, rises to meet them. The Youths
text: reach Parry and surround him. Leather flicks open a
text: switchblade.
speaker_heading: LEATHER
dialog: ... We're tired of looking at you
dialog: people...
text: Parry stands before them, surrendering to his fate.
text: Through his POV, the Red Knight is pointing a sword at
text: him in front of Leather and his switchblade. He slashes
dialog: at Parry's chest as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE OF PROMENADE
text: as Parry sinks to his knees... The youths close in around
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Outside the bathroom door, we hear the toilet FLUSH.
text: Anne exits in an imitation silk kimono, feeling very much
text: the satisfied woman. She crosses into the living room
text: and finds Jack, on the phone in mid-conversation, beside
text: his open box of radio tapes. She hugs him from behind as
text: he talks, still warm from their all night lovemaking...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (excited, very "on")
dialog: ... Well, ya know, I'm feeling good,
dialog: Lou... I don't know how else to put
dialog: it... I... I had some personal things
dialog: to work out and... and I have and...
dialog: (listens, then:)
dialog: Yeah... Well, the thing is... I want
dialog: to work again... I want to get back
dialog: into it... you think that's possible?
text: Anne releases her hug -- looking surprised, pleased,
text: impressed... she stands by, waiting to ask Jack what's
dialog: up!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: I understand...
dialog: (obedient)
dialog: I am... I won't... I will...
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: Great! Thanks a lot, Lou...
dialog: Tuesday's fine.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Okay... Thanks...
text: He hangs up the phone elated... Anne can't wait to
dialog: hear...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: So what's going on? Who's Lou again?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (disappointed she doesn't
dialog: remember)
dialog: My agent. I called my agent.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You're kidding! What did he say?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He says if I want to get back to
dialog: work, no problem. He wants me to
dialog: come in and talk and... and... that's
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Whoah! Oh, honey, that's terrific!
text: She gives him a big hug. Jack is first to break away.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (organizing tapes)
dialog: I've got to put these tapes in some
dialog: kind of order... and... Oh, I should
dialog: get my sports jacket cleaned...
dialog: (he crosses to the closet)
dialog: ... There's coffee if you want...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You made coffee?... You're going back
dialog: to work and you made coffee?... I
dialog: love this!
text: Jack does not respond as he looks through the closet.
text: Anne gets her coffee and sits -- watching Jack move about
dialog: so full of energy and focus...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's so great to see you like this,
dialog: honey... I can't tell you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (looking at jacket)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (she smiles and drinks)
dialog: Ya know, I'm thinkin' -- with another
dialog: income coming in, I would love to get
dialog: a bigger place.
text: Jack stops organizing for a beat.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... I don't want to rush things --
dialog: you have to get a job first, but I'm
dialog: so sure that's gonna happen I'm not
dialog: even thinking about it.
text: Jack brings out his sports jacket, then returns to his
text: tapes, hoping he can avoid having to respond.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ugh, these tapes are a mess. I don't
dialog: know where to begin...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: ... I would love to start looking at
dialog: least. You know, maybe a two bedroom
dialog: or even, maybe the top floor of a
dialog: house -- like in Brooklyn or Staten
dialog: Island...
text: Jack looks at her, not knowing what to say.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... What?... You don't want to
dialog: commute?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, it's not... Come here...
text: He turns her around and cuddles her up in his arms, with
text: her back to him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You're an incredible woman Anne...
text: Anne breaks away suddenly and looks at him, sternly.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: "I'm an incredible woman?" What is
dialog: this, a death sentence?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, I... I think we should talk about
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (aware and suspicious)
dialog: You want to talk? Come on, Jack...
dialog: Did I cross the line by mentioning
dialog: the future or what?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No... it's just...
text: Anne shifts her body to face him directly.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Listen, so much has happened and
dialog: I think it would be a good thing for
dialog: both of us if we slowed things down a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Slowed things down? Where have I
dialog: been? Have we been going fast!?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right now, I'm just not sure about...
dialog: making such definite plans.
text: Pause. Anne stares at him like he's speaking Dutch.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I'm lost. What are you saying?
text: Jack sits them both down, takes her hand in his, takes a
dialog: breath:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's been a real... real difficult
dialog: time for me... The past year or so...
dialog: And now, for the first time, Anne, I
dialog: feel like I'm above water.
dialog: I feel like I know a lot more than I
dialog: did, and I don't want to make any
dialog: mistakes so... I think what I need is
dialog: some time... to make the right
dialog: choices. And... I think that
dialog: maybe... I need to be alone for
dialog: awhile.
text: Anne is speechless -- for the moment.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ... I'd like to focus on my career -
dialog: - now than I can, now that
dialog: everything's all right... Parry's
dialog: taken care of... and... Like I said,
dialog: I feel like I know a lot more now and
dialog: I don't...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: First of all, let me tell you
dialog: something -- you don't know shit.
dialog: Second of all, as far as we go, what
dialog: time do you need? What have we been
dialog: doing here, except time? Have I
dialog: ever... ever pressured you!?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: No. So what time do you need? I
dialog: love you -- you love me -- you want
dialog: to get your career going, great! I'd
dialog: like to be a part of it -- I think I
dialog: deserve that! So what do you need
dialog: to figure out alone!?
text: Jack doesn't answer. Pause. Anne is afraid she knows.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: All right. I'm going to ask you one
dialog: question.
dialog: (summoning up all her strength)
dialog: Do you love me?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't know.
text: She slaps him.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You can't even give me that?! What
dialog: were you gonna do, Jack?... Just
dialog: gonna organize your life...
dialog: (indicates the box)
text: ... walk out that door, move in by
dialog: yourself and what -- drop the news
dialog: when you find somebody else? What
dialog: were you planning to do, Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I didn't know. I just said all I
dialog: want is some time.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (fighting back tears)
dialog: Bullshit! If you're going to hurt
dialog: me, you hurt me now -- not some
dialog: long... drawn out hurt that takes
dialog: weeks of my life because you don't
dialog: have the balls!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (pause, then:)
dialog: All right... I'll pack my stuff
dialog: tonight.
text: Anne slaps him again.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What have you been doing here! Huh!
dialog: I wanna know! What have you been
dialog: doing here?!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Listen! We both got something out of
dialog: it, all right!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh yeah? What did I get? What did I
dialog: get I couldn't've gotten from
dialog: somebody with no name any night of
dialog: the week? You think your company is
dialog: such a treat? Your moods, your...
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: "pain", your problems... You think
dialog: you're entertaining?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then what do you want to stay with me
dialog: for?
text: ANNE physically attacks him...
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: BECAUSE I LOVE YOU!...STUPID!...FUCKIN!...
text: JACK blocks her blows and holds her arms. ANNE surrenders to
text: her tears. HE is about to embrace her, when she pulls away.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: No....You don't get to be nice now.
dialog: I'm not gonna play some game with you
dialog: where we act like friends so you can
dialog: walk out here feeling good about yourself.
dialog: I'm not a liar. If you're gonna leave me
dialog: then that's what we call it.
text: The phone rings. JACK answers it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hello?...Yeah...My wallet? What do you
dialog: mean?....(his face drops) What?....What?
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WARD - NIGHT.
text: PARRY lays in bed - his face bandaged, his arms in a cast,
text: his chest tightly rapped. HE has been severly beaten. JACK
text: and ANNE stand at the foot of the bed in shock. A DOCTOR appears.
text: The DOCTOR is young, dedicated and inexperienced enough to
dialog: still feel compassion.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Parry?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: He can't hear you.
speaker_heading: (JACK and ANNE turn)
dialog: Hi...I'm Dr. Weintraub....
dialog: (shakes hands)
dialog: I was on duty when they brought
dialog: him in...I've been going over his record...
dialog: He was brought in once before I understand...
dialog: (reads)
dialog: ..."catatonic stupor"...condition rendered
dialog: him non-verbal for a period of -...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah so? The guy's beat up - he...he
dialog: probably has a concussion or something, right?
dialog: (DOCTOR doesn't reply)
dialog: He'll snap out of it?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I'm afraid not ... Then again, I'm not sure.
dialog: The beating's bad but it's not the problem...
text: It seems he's.. re-experiencing the catatonia...
dialog: So, like before, he could snap out it in an
dialog: hour or in thirteen months or thirteen years...
dialog: ....I don't know. There's no way to tell.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: But..How could that happen?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Well, it's not unusual in his case...
dialog: Sometimes victims of tragedies are
text: subject to the brain's replay system.
dialog: The brain never loses anything - it just
dialog: stores it up and waits. A person could
dialog: actually re-experience the full effect
text: of a tragedy, long after the event took place.
dialog: Are you relatives?
dialog: (JACK shakes his head)
dialog: Well, it doesn't matter. We'll take care
dialog: of it. He'll have to be sent back to
dialog: the same institution..
dialog: (HE checks the record)
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What if I was a relative?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You'd have the option to care for him at
dialog: home but my advice is it wouldn't be the
dialog: best thing for him. He needs hospital
dialog: care. I just thought you could sign the
dialog: release forms, but the city can do that.
dialog: I wouldn't feel responsible in any way.
dialog: There's really nothing you can do. I'm sorry.
text: With that, the DOCTOR EXITS. JACK and ANNE face PARRY.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: Just like a guy. Finds the woman of
text: his dreams then falls into a coma...
dialog: Poor Lydia...
dialog: (SHE looks at JACK)
dialog: ...Some women just have no luck, huh?
dialog: Including herself in this remark, and having cried all she could
text: cry, She and JACK exchange one final look. SHE turns and,
text: with all her dignity, walks out of the ward. After a BEAT:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Anne....Anne...I'll call you O.k...?
text: But ANNE doesn't stop or turn - she keeps walking.
text: JACK stares at PARRY. CAMERA MOVES IN TO C.U. - His face
text: hardening, a mixture of hurt, rage and resignation.
scene_heading: SUPER - SIX MONTHS LATER.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STUDIO - DAY
text: CAMERA PANS the studio as JACK signs off his broadcast:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, I'm gone-... Have a perfect
dialog: weekend and remember on Monday, we
dialog: have as our studio guest, Ben Starr -
dialog: star of the recently defunct hit TV show
text: ON THE RADIO - it's the rise and fall
dialog: story of one of televisions brightest
text: stars ruined by charges of sodomy in
dialog: an Atlanta airport mens room. If you
dialog: often wonder, "what IS sodomy exactly?",
dialog: Ben'll have that answer and many more
dialog: for you on Monday's show...Until then, don't do
dialog: anything that will break your pattern
dialog: of being the selfish scum sucking
dialog: race you are. From one of the Botched
dialog: to all of your bungled cats out there,
dialog: I love ya and right back at cha!. Over and out!
text: HE flicks his monitor off as a commercial takes over. The CREW
text: work in silence behind him. HE rubs his tired face and sits there.
text: CAMERA PAUSES on JACK for a moment as he sits in silence. HE
text: looks neither happy nor said, neither satisfied nor unsatisfied.
text: HE looks blank...emotionless...as if he knows something is lacking
dialog: but he hasn't the strength or interest to find out....
text: THE PHONE RINGS - breaking the silence. JACK picks up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah...Yeah Lou....
dialog: (no excitement, no energy until:)
dialog: Lou, I said I want an offer or they can forget it...
dialog: Well, tell them I'm meeting with
dialog: the cable people about a talk show and...What?...
dialog: Beth's father set it up...No, he owns it.
dialog: ...Fuck you Lou...And if the network is ready to
dialog: make an offer and I see a script, then fine...
dialog: otherwise, forget it...
text: HE hangs up.
speaker_heading: BETH (OC)
dialog: Hi...
text: JACK turns to see his new improved girlfriend, BETH - a tall,
text: statuesque redhead in a smart Chanel outfit. BETH crosses to
text: him and they kiss...When they kiss, all the lights in the
text: surrounding studios booths go out, as the crew heads home.
text: JACK'S STUDIO is now surrounded by blackness...After the kiss,
dialog: JACK gets right to business...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hi..Did you talk to your father?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (hiding good news)
dialog: Yeeesss...
speaker_heading: JACK
text: (slightly annoyed by her coquettish game)
dialog: Weeellll!
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Well, Daddy said...and this is word for word...
dialog: He said...that he thought... that you were a home run.
dialog: JACK knows this must mean a great deal - especially to BETH -
text: but he just can't get the steam up....HE smiles weakly.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Really. He thinks you'll be a phenominal
dialog: success...and he says the cable people
dialog: are very excited about the meeting...
dialog: I said I always knew that and I
dialog: really think it was like the first time
dialog: he really respected me...So thank you for that.
text: JACK nods "it was nothing" as his hands move up her body.
dialog: Oh and I called him later to thank him but
dialog: I really think you should send him a note...
dialog: He wants to take us out to dinner tonight.
dialog: The car's picking us up at seven...
text: JACK nods and watches BETH'S BREASTS pressing against her
text: dress. Turned on, JACK moves to her and begins fondling
text: her, as he kisses her neck. BETH giggles.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Jaaack...what are you crazy? They're
dialog: people all around us?
text: JACK flips a switch that send his studio into darkness and
text: continues kissing and fondling. BETH giggles some more.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Jaack..I can't do this...
text: JACK begins to ease her to the floor. BETH stops him.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: What is this thing you have with the floor?
text: THEY lower O.C....We hear BETH continue OC:
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Oh it's cold...I'm cold...honey...
dialog: Jack, can we please do this after dinner..
dialog: in bed?...like normal people?...I really want
dialog: you but I'll want you more, late. O.K. I promise.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN OFFICE BUILDING - DAY.
text: A STREET BUM, whose face we cannot see, is busy asking
text: people for change. But no one is stopping... A SECURITY GUARD
text: exits the building and starts yelling at the BUM to leave.
text: A CAB pulls up and out steps JACK and LOU. THEY start
text: walking toward the building when the BUM recognizes JACK...
speaker_heading: BUM
dialog: JACK!....JACK!....
text: JACK turns as the BUM starts for him. Simultaneously, the
text: SECURITY GUARD intercepts the BUM, who JACK recognizes as
text: the GAY BUM from Central Park...
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
text: JACK!...JACK! IT'S MEE...REMEMBER ME...YOU KNOW ME!
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: GET OUTTA HERE I SAID!!...
text: LOU tries to usher JACK into the building, but JACK stands
text: frozen for a moment, as the GUARD pulls out a club and
text: starts poking the GAY BUM away...JACK doesn't know what to do...
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You KNOW that guy!?
text: (JACK doesn't answer).
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
dialog: JACK...JACK...PLEASE CAN I TALK TO YOU?
dialog: I JUST..I NEED TO TALK TO YOU, JACK...I...
text: But the GUARD keeps at him...JACK realizes people are watching
text: him and he enters the building with LOU as the GAY BUM screams:
speaker_heading: GAY BUM
scene_heading: JACK..PLEASE..JAAAAAACCKKK!!!!
text: JAACCK!...WHY WON'T ANYBODY....WHAT'S THE MATTER...
text: But JACK disappears inside. THE GAY BUM is blocked by the GUARD.
text: HE throws his arms up and starts muttering to himself helplessly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING - NETWORK OFFICES - DAY.
text: A hyperkenetic T.V. EXEC. is pitching JACK, who sits next to LOU.
speaker_heading: T.V. EXEC.
dialog: It's a weekly comedy about the homeless.
text: JACK can't believe his fate. HE looks to a coffee table and
text: sees a magazine front page: LANGDON CARMICHAEL BUYS VAN GOGH'S
scene_heading: ROAD WITH CYPRESSES FOR 20 MILLION DOLLARS. CAMERA PANS TO C.U.
dialog: ...But it's not depressing in any way.
dialog: We want to find a happy, upbeat way of
dialog: bringing the issue of homeless to television.
text: There are three wacky homeless characters
dialog: but they're wise...they're wacky and they're wise...
dialog: And the hooks is, they love being homeless. They
dialog: love the freedom...they love the adventure...
dialog: It's all about the joy of living...not all
dialog: the bullshit we have to deal with...the
dialog: money, the politics..the pressures...
dialog: And we're gonna call it HOME FREE...
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Oooooo... I got a rush...
text: Suddenly, Jack stands up and bolts out of the room.
speaker_heading: TV EXEC
dialog: What?... Where is he... Lou, is this
dialog: another disappearing act with this
dialog: guy or what?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: I'm sure it's nothing... He probably
dialog: had to go to the bathroom... I'll
dialog: find out...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING (101 PARK AVE. SO.) - DAY
text: Jack rushes out of the building to find the Gay Bum, but
text: he's gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARRY'S BASEMENT - DAY
text: Jack walks around. He looks at the wall of weapons and
text: the mural of the medieval scene. He looks through the
text: maps, ropes plans for the robbery. He finds the
text: Pinnochio doll still keeping guard before the Red Knight
text: wall of scribblings.
scene_heading: EXT. A LOT BENEATH THE MANHATTAN BRIDGE - DUSK
text: Jack approaches the entrance to the lot from the street,
text: carrying an open box of assorted deli food and coffee...
text: He stops in the entrance and looks at the deserted lot.
text: Gone are the little cliques of homeless, once scattered
text: throughout the place. Gone is the magic and danger that
text: night cast upon the surroundings. All Jack sees is
text: garbage and decay.
text: Suddenly, SIRENS from an ambulance pulls his his attention
text: away. At the same time, the Black and the Irishman (from
dialog: that same first night with Parry), come running out from
text: between the two giant foundations of the bridge and bolt
text: out of the lot. Jack smiles in recognition as he moves
dialog: to block them:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey! Hey, guys!... Remember me...
text: But the Black and the Irishman push him out of the way...
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: Let me the fuck alone, goddamn it...
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Move it, for Christ sakes.
dialog: Move...!!!
text: The Irishman shoves Jack against the fence and runs, with
text: the Black close behind. They disappear underneath the
text: highway as Jack turns and sees an ambulance pulling up to
text: the sight. PARAMEDICS wheel a gurney from the ambulance,
text: past Jack and into the lot between the giant foundations.
text: Jack approaches with great trepidation. He moves into
text: view just in time to see the Paramedics lift the body of
text: the Hippy bum onto the stretcher...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey... Hey... Hey wait, I know him...
text: The Paramedics stop... Jack approaches the gurney... The
text: Hippy eyes are opened and glazed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey... hey, remember me... Marvel
dialog: Comics, right?... Remember Parry...
dialog: Superbum? Remember you guys saved my
dialog: ass...
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: Mister, he's dead.
text: Jack realizes the glazed eyes are actually dead eyes.
text: The Paramedics wheel him away;
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OAKBROOK INSTITUTE - THAT NIGHT
text: Jack approaches the nurses' station when he spots a
text: familiar face. Lydia.
text: We can see a change in her; the self-consciousness
text: replaced by a self assurance, the insecurity replaced
text: with a maturity. She wears a handsome tailored suit. Jack
text: hides from her and listens:
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: (to NURSE)
dialog: Excuse me but I brought new bed
dialog: sheets for him last week. They were
text: lime colored with little watermelons
dialog: on them...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Oh yes... I'm sorry. They're being
dialog: cleaned. The doctor had a little
text: accident with a hypo.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: All right... Make sure he gets them,
dialog: okay. Thank you.
text: Jack watches her exit.
scene_heading: INT. PARRY'S WARD - NIGHT
text: Jack enters a room lined on both side with beds and
dialog: patients.
text: The various patients -- all men -- are confined to their
text: beds. Some are mumbling inaudibly to themselves, others
text: are rocking back and forth, others just stare off into
text: space. Parry sits in bed -- his eyes are dead, his body
text: unresponsive. Jack stands at the foot of his bed. Parry
text: does not respond.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hi!... It's Jack... How are you
dialog: doing?... You look good... You do.
text: Parry remains the same. Other patients look at Jack as
text: if he's nuts talking to a catatonic person. Jack moves
text: closer to him. He picks up his hand and holds it. Then
text: shakes it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Hey... You gonna wake up for me?
dialog: Huh?...
text: No response. Jack leans closer into him. His tone
dialog: changes:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... This isn't over is it?... You
dialog: think you're going to make me do
dialog: this, don't you?...
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Well, forget it! No fucking way!...
dialog: I don't feel responsible for you, or
dialog: for any of them! Everybody has bad
dialog: things happen to them... I'm not God.
dialog: I don't decide... People survive.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Say something!?
text: The other patients stop their mumblings and watch, as if
text: Jack were an interesting TV show... Jack paces before the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Everything's been going great!
dialog: Great! I'm... I'm gonna have my own
text: cable talk show, with an incredible
dialog: equity I might add... I... I... have
dialog: an... an incredibly gorgeous fucking
dialog: girlfriend... I... I am living an
dialog: incredible fucking life!!!... So
dialog: don't lay there in your comfortable
dialog: little coma and think I'm about to
dialog: risk all of that because I feel
dialog: responsible for you!
dialog: (to the other patients)
dialog: I am not responsible!
dialog: (to Parry)
dialog: And I don't feel guilty... You've got
dialog: it easy.
dialog: (intensely)
dialog: I'm out there every day. Every day
dialog: trying to figure out what the hell
dialog: I'm doing... why, no matter what I
dialog: have, it feels like I have nothing...
dialog: So don't think I feel sorry for you!
dialog: It's easy being nuts! Try being
dialog: me!...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So I won't do this. I do not believe
dialog: in this. And don't give me that
dialog: stuff about me being the one! There
dialog: is nothing... Nothing special about
dialog: me! I control my own destiny -- not
dialog: some overweight fairies. I say what
dialog: I'm going to do and I am not risking
dialog: my life to get some fucking cup for
dialog: some fucking vegetable...
dialog: And even if I did do this, I want you
dialog: to know it wouldn't be because I had to!
dialog: It wouldn't be 'cause I feel guilty or cursed
dialog: or .. or...bad or responsible or anything....
text: The tears come. JACK gently pushes the hair off of PARRY'S face.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Aw shit...If I do this...and I mean, IF!...
dialog: It's because I want to do this...
dialog: for you. That's all!! For you!
dialog: (HE kisses PARRY'S forehead)
dialog: Don't go anywhere...huh?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CARMICHAEL TOWNHOUSE - MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT
text: JACK stands on the deserted block. HE looks around at the
text: neighboring houses - all the New Yorkers safely locked away
text: behind their doors, intentionally oblivious to what goes on
text: around them. JACK is holding a rope with a self-made hook. HE
text: looks up the at building, takes a gulp, then throws the rope up.
text: IT MISSES and falls back toward him - scaring him to the side
text: and making an awful sound when it lands. JACK tries again.
text: IT CATCHES. HE tugs a bit. HE begins to climb up the building.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Thank God I live in a city where nobody
text: looks up...
text: HE places a foot on the wall and begins to climb, mumbling:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What the hell am I doing? Can't fuckin believe
dialog: this is my life! ...(imitates a whiny Parry)...
dialog: "Oh Jack you're the one...we have to get the Grail"
dialog: I'll give ya Grail, ya stupid dingbat!
text: Climbing up walls in the middle of the goddamn city-
dialog: in the middle of the goddamn night while that
text: schmuck lays in bed dreaming about Camelot!
dialog: I live through this and I'll be the
dialog: King of the Idiots...What a fucking honor!
text: HE pulls and steps, pulls and steps...climbing up to a BALCONY
text: mid-way between the street and the roof. JACK climbs over, falling
text: into some exterior lighting that lines the balcony.
text: A light is jarred loose, falling to the ground making an
text: awful SOUND and lighting a stained glass window. JACK raises his
text: eyes and sees THE RED KNIGHT standing six feet tall, as pictured
text: in the design of the stained glass window. HE stares until
text: HE HEARS THE SOUND OF A HORSE GALLOPING....HE freezes, then
text: cautiously looks toward the street - but the street
text: is vacant. The galloping stops. An eerie silence hangs in the air.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh great. This is great. I'm hearing
dialog: horses now. Parry will be so pleased.
text: (HE picks up the rope and
dialog: throws it to the roof)
scene_heading: RADIO PERSONALITY TURNS SCREWBALL
dialog: ON MISSION FROM GOD...I just hope
dialog: when they put me away they find me
dialog: a bed right next to his!
text: HE begins to climbs from the balcony to the roof....Suddenly,
text: JACK hears SIREN IN THE DISTANCE and freezes, closing his eyes.
text: SUDDENLY, THREE POLICE CARS come barrelling down the street -
text: sirens blasting, they screech to a halt. A dozen cops hit the
text: streets with rifles and spotlights aimed at JACK. A REPORTER
text: faces a news camera. (THE SAME REPORTER FROM EDWIN'S T.V.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORT)
speaker_heading: REPORTER
text: A crazed radio personality dangles from
dialog: the townhouse of billionaire...
text: ANNE jumps out of a police car and runs to the townhouse -
text: her face full of love and concern.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Jack!
scene_heading: JACK OPENS HIS EYES:
text: POV - The street is empty. The siren was from an ambulance
text: that drives off in the distance. There are no cops, no
text: spotlights...and no Anne.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Anne.
text: A ball of sweat, he takes a breath and continues his
dialog: climb.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CARMICHAEL TOWNHOUSE - ROOF - NIGHT
text: Jack reaches the roof and climbs over. He pulls the rope
text: up and quickly moves to the skylight. He looks down into
text: it and sees a dark void. He takes a breath and pulls out
text: some masking tape. He makes three big tape loops and
text: applies them to the glass. He then takes out a glass
text: cutter and begins to cut a pane. The SOUND, at first, is
dialog: starting. An O.S. VOICE says:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You're being too loud.
text: Jack's heart stops. He looks into the darkness of the
text: roof but sees nothing. He tries to slow down his heart
text: and shake away thoughts of demons in the dark. He
text: continues cutting. When he finishes the entire pane, he
text: replaces the cutter in his pocket then plasters his arm
text: against the tape. He gently bangs the pane and it comes
text: loose, sticking to the tape. He is impressed. He places
text: the pane on the roof and, fastening one end of the rope
text: to a pipe, lowers the other end down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CARMICHAEL TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jack eases himself down into a pitch black room. But the
text: rope doesn't reach the floor. He dangles for a moment,
text: fearful of falling until he realizes it is the only way
text: to get down. He takes a breath and releases, falling to
text: the floor with a THUD!... The room is dark. The moon-
text: light barely illuminates the austere, castle-like
text: surroundings. Jack pulls out the page from the
text: Architecture Today and lights a lighter. The "Grail" is
text: in the library on the first floor. Jack cautiously makes
text: his way out.
scene_heading: INT. FIFTH FLOOR HALLWAY OF TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jack looks down the dark hallway. At the far end he can
text: see the top of a staircase. He heads towards it until he
text: sees something that makes him stop dead in his tracks.
text: Slowly, a shadow holding a shotgun emerges up the stairs
text: against the back wall... Jack is paralyzed. He closes
text: his eyes. The shadow reaches the top of the landing. It
text: is EDWIN MALNICK... Wearing the same expression we saw on
text: the TV broadcast -- sad and harmless. Jack's heart is
text: bursting out of his chest. Edwin calmly raises the gun,
text: cocks it and FIRES: the shot BLASTS down the hallway,
text: deafening Jack. But when he opens his eyes to see if he
dialog: has been hit, there is no blood, no wound... and when he
text: looks up, no Edwin. He pulls himself together and
dialog: continues:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR OF TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jack enters Carmichael's library carefully. A small lamp
text: is lit on a small table beside a large Chesterfield
text: chair, which is turned facing the fireplace. Jack spots
text: the antique commode and crosses to it... Within the
text: commode, sitting innocently behind two small glass doors,
text: is the "Grail"... Jack gently opens the doors and takes
text: out the goblet. He holds it reverently for a moment,
text: then, noticing an inscription, reads:
scene_heading: TO LITTLE LANNIE CARMICHAEL
scene_heading: FOR ALL HIS HARD WORK... P.S. 247 CHRISTMAS PAGENT 1932
text: Jack can't help but smile. He takes the chalice and
text: turns to leave, when suddenly he notices:
text: The bare foot of a man barely sticking out from in front
text: of the Chesterfield chair. Jack slowly moves around the
text: large back of the chair to the front and sees, to his
text: amazement: LANGSTON CARMICHAEL, wearing only his silk
text: pajama bottoms, asleep in the chair. On the table beside
text: him is an empty bottle of vodka and an empty bottle of
dialog: pills.
text: Jack doesn't know what to do, when it suddenly strikes
text: him that Carmichael hasn't moved at all. At first, he
text: thinks it is another hallucination, but then he notices
text: the pill bottle. He takes a step toward it, the floor
text: SQUEAKING beneath him but Carmichael remaining
text: unconscious. He reads the bottle: Seconal. Jack looks
text: at Carmichael's limp body and checks his heart. It is
text: very faint. Scared, Jack slowly starts backing out of
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Jack is panicked. He wants to run away. He looks to the
text: front entrance and sees an alarm system indicated by a
text: tiny beam of light that sits a few inches above the
text: floor. Suddenly, Jack feels calm. He has an idea. He
dialog: knows what he is going to do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CARMICHAEL TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jack exits out the front door, setting off a slight BUZZ
text: from the alarm. He checks to see that no one is around,
text: then quickly runs down the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARRY'S WARD - NIGHT
text: Parry lies asleep in a sea of lime green and watermelons.
text: Jack places the "Grail" in Parry's lifeless hands. He
text: pulls up a chair beside the bed and sits.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay... I did my side of the
dialog: bargain... You gonna wake up now?
dialog: Huh?...
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Want to think about it a little
dialog: more...? Okay.
text: Jack props his feet up on Parry's bed and settles in to
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARRY'S WARD - DAWN
text: CAMERA CLOSE on a newspaper headline being read by an
text: orderly: "ACCIDENTAL SUICIDE THWARTED BY NIGHT
dialog: PROWLER... Thief Didn't Know Anyone Was Home, Escapes
text: Empty Handed"... CAMERA PANS PAST several beds until it
text: ARRIVES at Parry's. Jack is asleep in a chair beside
text: him. CAMERA ON Parry's hands as they gently come to life
text: and grasp the chalice. Parry opens his eyes, raising the
text: chalice to him. He sees Jack sleeping beside him and
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I had this dream, Jack.
text: Jack remains asleep.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I was married. I was married to this
dialog: beautiful woman.... And you were there
dialog: too...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I really miss her, Jack. Is that
dialog: okay? Can I miss her now?
text: Jack, his eyes closed, only pretends to be asleep, but in
text: truth he hears every word. A tear rolls down his cheek.
text: Parry extends one hand, placing it on Jack's shoulder
text: while cradling the chalice with the other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OAKBROOK INSTITUTE - DAY
text: Lydia makes her way down the corridor, pushing her way
text: through the swinging doors into Parry's ward. She is
text: stopped in her tracks by what she sees:
dialog: Parry has gathered all the patients to the center of the
text: room, and is teaching them to sing "Groovin'". Jack
text: is watching. Although most are not getting it, all are
text: having a good time. When one of the patients turns to
text: look at Lydia, Parry turns as well... His face lights up
dialog: as he says:
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Hiya, sweetheart! Where you been!?
text: Lydia loses control and begins to cry through her smile.
text: Parry approaches and wraps his arms around her.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't cry... Hey...
text: Lydia throws her arms around him.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Are you my girl?... Are you my
dialog: girl...?
text: Lydia sobs and nods in his shoulder. Parry holds her
dialog: tighter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO POP - DAY.
text: ANNE sits in her office, a cigarette dangling from her mouth,
text: going over receipts. There is a knock at the door. A beat of
text: silence. ANNE raises her head to discover JACK, holding a
text: bouquet of flowers. HE smiles. ANNE looks shocked, then -
text: pulling herself together...THEY both are frozen in silence:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Well! What do you want me to do -
dialog: applaud?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How have you been?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Terrific. Going on alot of dates ...
dialog: seeing lots of men... lots of dates..
text: JACK nods. HE is uncharacteristically nervous.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (sincere, vulnerable)
dialog: Jack please...I'm having a bad month.
dialog: I'm not up to this. What are you doing here?
text: HE takes a breath, looks at ANNE and pushes the words out of him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I love you.
text: For once, ANNE is speechless. She slowly rises from behind her
text: desk in such a way that JACK takes a step back in fear. ANNE
text: up to him. She has no intention of making this easy.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Excuse me, I didn't get all that...
dialog: Won't you run it by me again.
text: JACK is dying. HE could hardly say it the first time.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I think..(quickly corrects himself)
dialog: I...I realized...I love you.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Huh-huh....You son of a bitch!
text: SHE hauls off and cracks him a slap across the face
text: that stuns him - his knees giving out, lowering him to the floor.
text: SHE quickly grabs his face with her hands and plants a passionate
text: kiss on his lips, that slowly causes him to rise back up. HE drops
text: the flowers and grabs her. SHE mounts his body and begin to undo his
text: suit. THEY go at it with such passion, they both fall to the floor.
speaker_heading: ANNE (O.C.)
dialog: Jesus. What rock hit YOU in the head?
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - NIGHT.
text: CAMERA PANS DOWN PARRY and JACK, lying naked, cloudbusting.
speaker_heading: PARRY
dialog: Beautiful night huh?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah.....Hey they're moving....
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Am I doing that?
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
