dialog: 
dialog: The Russell Girl
dialog: by
dialog: Jill Blotevogel
dialog: May 10, 1996
speaker_heading: REPRESENTED BY
dialog: apa.
scene_heading: CIGeNcy FOR THE DERFORMING Clare, me
scene_heading: ‘TALENT AND LITERARY AGENCY
scene_heading: 9000 SUNSET BOULEVARD LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90069
scene_heading: (3108 273-0744 FAX: 310« 888-4242
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 1.
text: OPENING CREDITS ROLL AS WE FADE IN ON:
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO SKYLINE - SWEEPING AERIAL VIEW - DAY -
text: The city is gorgeous, shimmering under the early summer sun. Lake
text: Michigan sparkles. Soldier Field lends a flash of color. The Sears
text: Tower adds a touch of grandeur .
text: As the CAMERA descends, we see movement -- millions of people on
text: their lunch hour. Finally, on the steps of thé Art Museum, we see
text: one cog in the machine who seems to be motionless, deep in
dialog: thought.
scene_heading: EXT. ART MUSEUM - DAY
text: sitting next to one of the famous lions is SARAH RUSSELL -- 24
text: years-old and “girl next door" pretty. With dark smudges of
text: fatigue under her eyes, she resembles a delicate china doll up
text: past her bedtime.
text: She seems to be concentrating on the traffic at this busy
text: intersection. The remains of a half-eaten sack lunch are beside
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: If I had to choose one word to .
dialog: describe my life, it would have to
dialog: be "random". Events don't happen in
dialog: a logical progression. No rhyme. No
dialog: reason.
text: Sarah stands. She walks down the last two steps, throws her trash
text: away and strides down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSHALL FIELDS - DAY
text: Sarah enters the imposing Art Deco building with tastefully-
dialog: arranged window displays.
scene_heading: INT. MARSHALL FIELDS
text: As she walks past various counters, people smile and wave at her.
text: Friendly, but not too friendly.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: In fact, I thrive on the surprises
dialog: life seems determined to keep
dialog: throwing at me. For instance, though
dialog: I graduated from the University of
dialog: Chicago at the top of my class, I
dialog: didn't make it into Harvard Med school.
dialog: Two years later, I'm an assistant buyer
dialog: at Marshall Fields. And I don't even
dialog: like to shop.
text: She enters an office and takes a seat at one of the many
text: identically-functional desks. She does paperwork as people begin
text: to trickle back from lunch.
text: Sarah smiles as various employees greet her, but no one engages
text: her in conversation.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: I don’t have any friends. Well,
dialog: not really.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: An open plan apartment with hardwood floors -- the living room,
text: kitchen and dining room all share the same space.
text: A too-hip woman with brilliant curly red hair plays a keyboard.
text: The volume is way up. Her name is CARLA.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.).
dialog: Even my roommate and I. We have
text: more of a truce than a friendship.
text: Sarah comes padding out of a room in her pajamas, squinting and
text: rubbing her eyes.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Too loud?
text: Though the words imply she may be sorry, the tone implies she also
dialog: wouldn't mind starting a fight.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Getting some water.
text: As Sarah fills a glass at the sink, Carla turns the volume up a
text: notch. Sarah glances at a clock on the wall. It's 1:30 AM.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: Carla wonders why I never say
dialog: anything. Most people would kill
dialog: for a roommate like me. I think
dialog: she assumes I'm scolding her for
text: being too loud by being too quiet.
text: Sarah pads back to her bedroom as Carla digs into a spectacular
dialog: solo.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. MARSHALL FIELDS - MARTINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: MARTINE, Sarah's boss and the very picture of chic sits in a plush
text: chair watching six-foot-tall models come and go in forma] dresses.
text: Sarah sits beside Martine, taking notes on her decisions.
text: A Chilean designer named RODRIGO stands nearby giving the details
text: on each outfit. An ASSISTANT runs up and whispers in Rodrigo's
text: ear. He is annoyed by the news.
speaker_heading: RODRIGO
dialog: (apologetically,
dialog: to Martine)
dialog: My Mimi... she has sickness.
text: Rodrigo eyes Sarah speculatively. So does Martine. Sarah cringes.
dialog: cur TO:
text: ON THE MOCK STAGE:
text: Sarah is dressed in a flippy faux-leopard skin coat, cream
text: leggings and knee-high brown suede boots. Other models wear fur
text: jackets, wool coats and lycra ski-wear.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: Martine does not realize how much
dialog: this humiliates me. She thinks I
dialog: get a thrill from playing a poor
dialog: man's Cindy Crawford.
text: But, Sarah seems resigned to her newest job requirement. At
text: Martine's urging, she adds a slight burlesque swing to her walk.
text: Martine LAUGHS and applauds.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
text: Fur coats in May. It's a twisted
dialog: business.
text: Getting into it, Sarah twirls so the coat swings around Marlo
text: Thomas-style. Suddenly, without warning, mid-twirl even, Sarah
text: collapses to the stage. Unconscious. Martine runs up to her.
speaker_heading: MARTINE
dialog: Sarah?!
text: Martine dials "911" on her cell phone. Rodrigo tsk tsk's.
speaker_heading: RODRIGO
dialog: (disapproving)
dialog: so unprofessional.
dialog: 4.
dialog: o .
text: Rodrigo comforts the other models, who run to his protective arms
text: as if unconsciousness were contagious.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: OVER BLACKNESS:
speaker_heading: “SARAH (V.0O.)
dialog: My mother has an inexplicable fear
dialog: of doctors. She has never been in
dialog: a serious accident or hospitalized
dialog: for anything except the birth of
dialog: her children. Perhaps, it‘s the fear
dialog: of knowing what's wrong and having
dialog: to face it.
dialog: (beat) :
dialog: Whether it's hereditary or psycho-
dialog: logical, I have inherited this fear.
scene_heading: END CREDIT SEQUENCE:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - SARAH'S ROOM - DAY
text: Sarah wakes up in a sterile gray room, in a stiff white bed,
dialog: —_ surrounded by all that medical stuff.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: And it doesn't matter that I want
dialog: to become one, I still don't like
text: waking up.in a hospital bed face-
dialog: to-face with--
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: I'm Dr. Gordon.
text: A slightly-balding doctor in his mid-40's, DR. GORDON, looks up
text: briefly from a chart when he hears her stir.
text: Sarah struggles to sit up.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (hoarse)
dialog: Can I go now?
text: Sarah is surprised at how cracked and weak her voice sounds.
text: Slipping into the role of able person to her helpless patient, Dr.
text: Gordon pours her a glass of water.
scene_heading: o~ . DOCTOR GORDON
dialog: No, Sarah, I'm afraid we need you
dialog: to stay while we run a few tests.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: And run a few tubes up my nose and
dialog: stick an I.V. in my hand...
text: Sarah looks down and sees the needle already in her hand.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (laughing to
dialog: herself)
dialog: Too late.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, I got dizzy and passed out.
dialog: Since when does that call for tests?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR GORDON
dialog: That doesn't. It's the 14 hours you
text: spent unconscious afterwards.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: Now this is news.
speaker_heading: - DOCTOR GORDON
dialog: It‘*s a sign the body's dealing with
dialog: something. If we can identify that
dialog: something perhaps we can help your
text: body deal with it.
text: Sarah lies back dejectedly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A MONTAGE of evil-looking tests being run ...
text: - An extremely cold-looking CAT-Scan machine swallows Sarah
text: like a cat devouring a tasty bird.
text: - More blood is taken from an already pale Sarah.
text: - Probes are placed on and in every part of Sarah's defenseless
dialog: body. Even though you don't know Sarah very well yet ... you
dialog: gotta sympathize.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S HOSPITAL ROOM - EVENING
text: Sarah sits up in her bed. Physically, she looks better, but
text: judging from the shocked look on her face, she's just gotten some
dialog: bad news.
speaker_heading: . SARAH
dialog: Leukemia?
text: Dr. Gordon speaks seriously but soothingly.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: (nodding)
text: Acute myeloginous.
dialog: (quickly )
dialog: It's not as bad as it sounds, Sarah.
speaker_heading: ‘SARAH
dialog: (sarcastic) .
dialog: I didn't mean to jump:'to conclusions.
dialog: Please tell me the positive side of
dialog: having cancer.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: Sarah, I know it all sounds pretty
dialog: grim, but we have very effective
dialog: treatment programs. Many people go
dialog: into remission and continue to live
dialog: full healthy lives ...
text: Dr. Gordon's voice drones on, but Sarah isn't listening anymore.
text: Her eyes stray to the clothes hanging in her closet. The
text: ridiculous leopard-skin coat, leggings and boots.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: I want to go home.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. KANKAKEE - 7-11 PHONE BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Sarah, dressed in the leopard-skin coat, tights and boots, is
text: making a call. Tourists in shorts and t-shirts stare at her
text: curiously as they buy their Snapple and Cheetoes. It‘s 85°.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Just call me at home if anything
text: urgent comes up.
text: Sarah moves to hang up, then glances at the hospital bracelet
text: still encircling her wrist. She tries to pull it off, but it isn't
text: budging.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: Carla? Yeah. If a Doctor Gordon
dialog: calls, you don't know where I am.
text: Sarah hangs up. After a moment, she picks the phone back up, drops
text: coins in, dials another number and waits as the line RINGS and
text: RINGS. Finally, a machine picks up on the other end and the BEEP
text: is heard. Sarah hesitates, uncertain ... then finally speaks.
speaker_heading: SARAK
dialog: (faltering)
dialog: Mom, dad, it's Sarah ...
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: I'm coming home for a visit. I should
dialog: get in around 7:00 tomorrow morning.
scene_heading: INT. 7-11 - NIGHT
text: Sarah stands in line, waiting to check out. She bites.an incision
text: in the bracelet and finally tears it off.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: I'm not going home for the reasons
dialog: you might think: love, comfort,
dialog: parental support. I've always been
dialog: kind of ... self-sufficient.
text: Sarah walks up to the counter and puts down a l-liter Mountain
text: Dew. The teenage CLERK stares curiously at her outlandish outfit
text: and the ripped hospital bracelet as he rings up her purchase.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Sarah is obviously exhausted as she drives down the almost-
text: deserted highway. She drinks her Mountain Dew and has Smashing
text: Pumpkins cranked as loud as her speakers will allow.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: You might think the fact that I
dialog: happen to be one of the 25,000
dialog: adults diagnosed with leukemia
dialog: annually would support my random
dialog: theory, but for once it appears
text: cosmic justice has caught up with
dialog: me. Because, as it happens, I
dialog: deserve to die.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But, that's just not the kind of
dialog: message you leave on your parents’
text: answering machine.
text: she passes a cop that has pulled someone over. Instinctively, she
text: taps the brakes.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: Why do I slow down? I don't know.
dialog: It's not like the cop is going to
dialog: throw down his ticket pad and come
speaker_heading: after me. (MORE)
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O., CONT. }
dialog: (beat) .
dialog: Even if he did, I now have the
dialog: perfect excuse: I'm dying and I've
dialog: got to hurry up and do some shit.
text: pulsing beat or no, Sarah's eyelids are drooping.
text: ON FLASHING RED LIGHT MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - THE OPENING CREDITS OF “THE A-TEAM" OW A TV SCREEN
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Two little boys -- JON and RICKY -- avidly watch Mr. T and the
text: rest of his vigilante gang wreak havoc in the name of justice. For
text: no particular reason, Jon shoves Ricky. Ricky shoves back. It's a
dialog: free for all.
speaker_heading: JON/RICKY
dialog: (péak volume)
dialog: Saraht
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: In the kitchen, a gawky 12-year-old Sarah makes popcorn at the
text: stove. An adorable one-year-old, JENNIFER, watches curiously from
text: her walker. Jon and Ricky can be heard yelling at each other.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Guys! Truce now or the tv goes off
dialog: and the pajamas go on!
text: The sound of the two boys fighting in the living room grows to a
text: deafening pitch. Sarah looks at Jennifer and raises her eyebrows.
speaker_heading: SARAB
dialog: You're much too good to be related
dialog: to those two.
text: Jennifer smiles in response. As soon as the POPS issuing from the
text: covered pot subside, Sarah turns off the burner and sets the pot
text: on the counter. Jennifer can’t take her eyes off the popcorn.
text: Sarah pushes Jennifer's walker into the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Sarah has to step in and physically separate the brawling
dialog: brothers.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay, what's the problem?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: He started it.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: You hit me, jerkwad.
text: unnoticed, Jennifer starts to scoot back toward the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: your fat head was in my way.
text: Jon tries to get at Ricky again, but Sarah holds them apart.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'd hate to have to throw all that
text: popcorn away.
text: Jon and Ricky eye each other, pondering a truce borne out of
text: mutual hunger. Suddenly, Sarah looks around.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Where's Jennifer?
text: And then she hears a strange NOISE as of something THUMPING
text: against something else. It builds and turns into a horrible
scene_heading: GRATING SOUND.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S CAR - DAWN
text: The GRATING SOUND is Sarah's car SCRAPING against the guard rail
text: on the right side of the road. She fell asleep.
text: Waking and panicking, she overcompensates and swerves left across
text: two lanes and onto the grassy median, where she slams on her
text: brakes. Luckily, the road is deserted.
text: Sarah's face is streaked with tears. She buries her head in her
dialog: hands.
text: Slowly, she looks up and is taken aback by the subtle beauty of a
text: Midwest sunrise ... the palest lavenders, pinks and grays streaked
text: with wispy clouds.
dialog: How could anything be wrong on a day like this?
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STANTON, ILLINOIS - RAY'S SUNOCO - EARLY MORNING
text: The sun is a little higher in the sky when Sarah pulls into this
dialog: filling station.
dialog: 10.
text: BUDDY CARROLL, a a good-looking 21-year-old, walks over and eyes the
text: scrape along the passenger side of the car.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You know, I could take care of
dialog: that-- .
text: He walks around the car and bends down to the driver's side window
text: as Sarah, not looking, opens the door. The window frame CRACKS
text: against his head and he falls to the ground.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ohmigod, I'm sorry.
dialog: (helping him up)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Reeling like a punch-drunk fighter, he blinks his eyes as he looks
text: up at her. The sun is behind her and he only sees an angelic
dialog: silhouette.
speaker_heading: . BUDDY
dialog: Sarah?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Buddy?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: It's Henry now.
text: He points to the namepatch on his chambray workshirt to prove it.
text: Sure enough, it says "Henry". .
text: Sarah helps him up and seems amazed when he towers over her at
text: over six feet tall.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're so ... big.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: ‘s been six years ... you know, I
dialog: drink milk.
text: Buddy can't believe he said that. These two speak in the shorthand
dialog: of people who have known each other all their lives, but the
text: undercurrent is strange ... almost embarrassed.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm so used to self-
dialog: serve.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I*ll get it.
dialog: 11.
text: Buddy and Sarah surreptiziously size each other up as he pumps
dialog: gas.
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S SUNOCO /
text: Buddy leads Sarah in. He rings up the gas.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: That'll be twelve even.
text: Sarah hands him a credit card and he shakes his head
text: apologetically.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Sorry, Sarah. Cash only.
text: Buddy is staring at her bizarre coat. Sarah notices, but doesn't
text: offer an explanation.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Forget where I am.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You know you're the only gas station
dialog: on earth that doesn't take credit
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Talk to my dad. Progress marched on
text: and left him in the dust.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: How's he doin'?
text: Sarah's catches herself with a grimace. She's been home for ten
text: minutes and is already picking up the native drawl she worked so
dialog: hard to get rid of.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Good ... good.
text: Sarah hands him a twenty. Buddy nods toward her car as he makes
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I-I was saying before, I can give
dialog: you a good deal on a little body
dialog: work.
text: Sarah smiles at his words.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Now there's an offer I don't get
dialog: every day.
dialog: 12.
text: Buddy shakes his head, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: The scrape ..- on your car.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ohhh. Thanks. I‘11 think about it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY"
dialog: How's Daniel doing?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I was gonna ask you.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Oh, I've seen him home on breaks,
dialog: but we don't ... you know ... hang
dialog: out that much. We're both really
dialog: busy.
text: Sarah is walking out. Buddy speaks up before he loses his nerve.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Hey would you maybe want to go see
dialog: a movie sometime?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I really don't think I'm gonna be
dialog: home long, Buddy, but thanks ...
text: There is an awkward beat as Sarah hesitates before leaving.
speaker_heading: SARAS
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: It's good to see you.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah. Same here.
text: Then she's gone. Buddy watches her get in her car and head for
text: town. He couldn't take his eyes off her if he tried.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I drink milk? Idiot.
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S CAR
text: Sarah drives through the almost-deserted Main Street then turns
text: onto a residential street.
dialog: 
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET
text: Two WOMEN in their 50's dressed in hideous sweatsuits are
text: racewalking. Their breathing is labored and they seem near
text: collapse. They stop to watch Sarah's car pass.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 1
dialog: wonder what could bring her home.
speaker_heading: WOMAN '2 .
dialog: Trouble, most likely.
text: The two women try to shrug it off, but their curiosity is as
text: tangible as their fatigue. .
scene_heading: FURTHER DOWN THE STREET ..-
text: Sarah pulls into the driveway of a red-brick house. She gets out
text: and.walks inside through a side screen door.
scene_heading: EXT. MORRISEY HOUSE
text: Across the street, a WOMAN watches Sarah enter the house.
text: In her mid-40's, LORRAINE MORRISEY is just starting to go gray.
text: Though her eyes are cold, a vague afterimage of the attractive
dialog: woman she once was persists.
text: She stares at the door Sarah went through for a few moments. Then
text: she picks up her clippers and goes back to pruning her spectacular
text: rose bushes, fixating on the roses as she clips methodically.
text: MATCH CUT TO FLASHBACK:
text: The same roses bathed in the shadows of ...
text: Night. Flashing lights. Urgent but unintelligible VOICES. The
text: CLANG of metal against metal.
text: A BEVY OF EMT‘s TRAMPLE the rosebushes as they run past, pulling a
dialog: stretcher.
scene_heading: EXT. MORRISEY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A younger Lorraine and her husband, HOWARD, arrive home to find an
text: ambulance and police car parked in front of the house.
text: A few NEIGHBORS mill about the front yard, speculating what the
text: trouble might be. They stop whispering and turn to stare when they
text: see Lorraine approaching. She eyes them back, terrified.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (to crowd)
dialog: What are you looking at?
text: A ghostly male voice OVERLAPS her own at this question.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - BATHROOM - MORNING - PRESENT
text: Lorraine is washing the dirt from her hands and staring in the
text: mirror above the sink, mesmerized. Her husband, Howard, watches
text: her for a moment before repeating his question. He has kind eyes
text: and a patient smile.
speaker_heading: HOWARD .
dialog: Lorraine, what are you looking at?
text: Lorraine snaps out of it with a start. She seems surprised to find
text: herself in the bathroom, but recovers quickly.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (isn't it obvious?)
text: The mirror.
text: She walks out, leaving him staring after her from the doorway.
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE ~ KITCHEN
text: Lorraine walks into the kitchen and pours a cup of coffee. Howard
text: follows, sits at the table and glances at the newspaper.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
text: The Russell girl is home.
text: Howard looks up, surprised and cautious. He tries a light-hearted
dialog: tone.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Which one?
text: Lorraine sits down across from her husband and makes it clear
text: she’s not amused.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: The only one.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: So ... Sarah's home.
text: He looks at her over the top of his paper. She avoids his eyes and
text: drinks her coffee.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - MORNING
text: Sarah hears voices talking excitedly in the kitchen as she walks
text: in the doorway.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hello?
text: The voices abruptly stop. Sarah pauses, a little confused, then
text: walks into ...
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - KITCHEN
text: Corn-fed PHIL and GAYLE RUSSELL are the definitive Midwest
text: parents. Phil wears a mailman's uniform and Gayle wears. a Century
text: 21 blazing yellow blazer.
text: They stand by the kitchen table. Both seem strangely tense as if
text: they're suppressing something. The only noise is THE TODAY SHOW
text: squawking from the small tv on the counter.
speaker_heading: : SARAH
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: : PHIL
dialog: Hi honey.
text: Gayle exchanges a look with Phil.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: We just talked to Carla. Apparently,
dialog: you got an important call this
dialog: morning.
text: Sarah can't believe her ears. This is definitely not how she
dialog: wanted them to hear about her illness.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I can explain ...
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: You did it, sweetheart.
text: Sarah is completely confused by these words.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Harvard Med School. You made the cut.
text: Sarah is stunned. Her parents run to her and envelop her in hugs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - MORNING
text: Jon and Rick, now in high school, zip around the kitchen gathering
text: breakfast on the go. Lorraine sorts laundry from a hamper. She
text: looks at her box of detergent.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Howard, I need some detergent.
dialog: Could you pick it up?
text: Now dressed in a suit, Howard is walking out the door.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I'm in meetings ‘til 6:15. Jon?
text: Jon is walking out the back door.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Baseball, Dad.
text: Rick doesn't wait to be asked as he follows Jon out the back door,
text: smoothly picking up a set of car keys as he goes.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Can't Dad. Yearbook meeting.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Richard! Come back here.
text: Rick eases back into the house guiltily.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Your brother's driving.
text: Rick turns to Howard. He obviously knows it's useless to argue
dialog: with Lorraine.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Dad, I've got my permit. How am
dialog: I supposed to learn if I never
dialog: drive?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: quiet)
dialog: Jon's driving. I'11 take you out to
dialog: Reservoir Road this weekend for a
text: few practice runs.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Thanks Dad.
text: Rick doesn't even address Lorraine as he runs out the door. Howard
text: moves to leave. Lorraine puts the last of the detergent in the
text: washer and lets the lid “accidentally” close with a BANG.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: Lorraine, can't you just--
text: She cuts him off with a look. There's tension here that Howard
text: doesn't have the time or energy to deal with. He gives in.
speaker_heading: . HOWARD
dialog: (cont., sighs)
dialog: I'll try and bring some home at
dialog: lunch.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Howard gives her a quick, awkward kiss on his way out the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - DAY
text: The house is quiet. Everyone has left to live their lives.
text: Sarah sits in front of the tv. OPRAH is on, but she seems to be
text: staring through the screen.
text: Slowly, she stands and approaches the bay window facing the
text: street. Carefully remaining hidden behind the curtains, she stares
text: at the Morrisey house.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S WORKSHOP - DAY
text: This screened-in workshop is an extension of the house just off
text: the kitchen. It's cluttered with antique furniture in various
text: stages of restoration.
text: Motes of dust dance in the sunlight slanting in the windows as
text: Lorraine sands the rough spots on a small wooden cedar chest. It's
text: smaller than a hope chest, but bigger than a jewelry box.
text: Lorraine is completely caught up in her work.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - DAY
text: It's difficult, but Sarah pulls herself away from the window.
text: Suddenly, her attention is caught by Oprah's intro:
dialog: 
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: OPRAH WINFREY
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: Today's topic is "Pregnant Teens Who
dialog: Try To Hide Their condition From Their
dialog: Parents.“ Are they solving the problem
dialog: by dealing with it themselves or avoiding
dialog: it by refusing to seek help and advice?
dialog: We'll find out in just a moment.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - GAYLE'S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Gayle is sitting on her bed. Papers are spread around her and she
text: sorts through them. Sarah KNOCKS softly and enters.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Got a minute?
text: Gayle is a little surprised. This isn't like Sarah. Gayle pats an
text: empty spot on the bedspread.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Have a seat.
text: Gayle pages through a pile of property listings, obviously not
text: able to find what she's looking for.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You were probably wondering why I
dialog: came home like I did...
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Hmm?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry if Carla ruined your
dialog: surprise.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It wasn't about med school.
text: When Gayle looks up, she notices Sarah's disheveled hair. She
text: starts to smooth it.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Who cuts your hair? You probably pay
dialog: good money ...
text: Sarah ducks her head away, trying to avoid her mother's hand.
dialog: 
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No mom, it’s okay, I only use my
dialog: bad money.
text: Gayle is too preoccupied to catch Sarah's sarcasm... or maybe she
dialog: just doesn't listen.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: What do you pay? $30? $35?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: $50.
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Look, mom, forget about my hair.
text: Gayle tries to forget about the hair, but it's difficult. she
text: finally notices that Sarah's upset about something.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: : Sarah, if it‘s the money, don't
dialog: worry. I already checked into a
dialog: student loan.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's not that. I just don't know if
dialog: this is the right thing for me to be
dialog: tackling right now--
text: Gayle is surprised by Sarah's reluctance, but laughs it off.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Oh come on. This is the only thing
dialog: you've wanted to tackle since you
dialog: graduated.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're just nervous.
text: Phil sticks his head in the door as he passes by.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Just talked to Daniel. He'll be
text: home tomorrow afternoon.
text: Sarah is surprised by the news.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: All my brilliant offspring under the
dialog: same roof. What more could a mother
dialog: ask for?
text: Gayle sees that something is still bothering Sarah.
dialog: 
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: I know this Harvard thing is weird.
dialog: You just resigned yourself to not
dialog: going and now you're going so stop
dialog: worrying.
text: Gayle reaches out and hugs Sarah. From Sarah's expression, we know
text: this is very uncharacteristic -- she doesn't quite know how to
dialog: react. :
text: Sarah looks at her mom and herself in the mirror. Gayle is so
text: happy. Sarah just doesn't know how to tell her the truth.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The next day, we see Sarah sitting in the same spot deep in
text: thought. she rubs the bridge of her nose as if trying to suppress
dialog: some pain.
text: She tries to pull herself out of it by flipping through the
dialog: channels.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: Why can't I just tell my mother?
dialog: Maybe I just want to hold onto my
dialog: normal life a little bit longer.
dialog: Well ...
dialog: (a little laugh)
dialog: «+. My reasonable facsimile of a
dialog: normal life.
text: OPRAH is on again. Sarah doesn't want to watch it, but something
text: draws her to it.
speaker_heading: OPRAH WINFREY
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: Okay ... we're back with "Victims
dialog: Of Repressed Guilt And Anger Who.
dialog: Manifest That Guilt In An Actual
dialog: Physical Illness." My next guest
dialog: feels responsible--
text: Sarah CLICKS the tv off.
text: once again, she stands and looks out the bay window at the
dialog: Morrisey house.
text: Sarah makes what is probably the hardest decision of her life ...
text: and heads for the door before she can change her mind.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE 'S WORKSHOP - DAY
text: Lorraine is again working on the cedar chest, carefully replacing
text: pieces of mother-of-pearl in the intricate design on the box's
dialog: lid. she is in a world of her own...
text: An insulated world that she is in complete control of.
dialog: For now.
text: Until, the doorbell RINGS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MORRISEY HOUSE - FRONT DOOR
text: Sarah stands waiting. She suddenly realizes she's holding her
text: breath and lets it out.
text: After several moments, she decides to walk around the side of the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S WORKSHOP
text: Lorraine has ignored the doorbell. She seems satisfied when it
text: isn't repeated. All is blissfully silent again.
text: But then a KNOCK sounds at the screen door that leads outside.
text: Lorraine looks up with a start, like a rabbit caught in
text: headlights.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (through screen door)
text: Lorraine recognizes Sarah instantly, but remains silent, as if
text: hoping she will just go away.
scene_heading: EXT. WORKSHOP
text: Sarah may have psyched herself up for this, but now that she's
text: here ... her resolve wants to abandon her. She's never been so
text: nervous, but she forces herself to try conversation.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: Well, I just wanted to come over
dialog: and say "hi". Can I come in?
text: Lorraine still doesn't say anything. Sarah hesitates but then
text: enters anyway.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP
text: Sarah looks around curiously, Like a tenant interested in renting
text: the space. Lorraine looks up, surprised by Sarah's audacity.
text: *awkward“ doesn't begin to describe this meeting. It's obvious
dialog: these two haven't spoken in years.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I came by to--
text: Sarah stops abruptly. How is she supposed to do this? Blurt out
text: “can you forgive me?"? Lorraine looks up, almost as if she heard
text: Sarah's thoughts.
text: Sarah avoids Lorraine's intense gaze and instead fingers various
text: half-finished treasures until she sees the beautiful mother-of-
text: pearl chest. She tries to use it to jump start a conversation.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's beautiful.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Is that why you came over? You want
dialog: something restored?
text: Sarah is startled by Lorraine's voice. She grabs onto the lifeline
text: Lorraine has inadvertently tossed her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: It's pretty simple. Either you do
dialog: or you don't.
speaker_heading: SARAH “
dialog: Well, I don't have a particular
dialog: piece in mind. Does everyone bring
dialog: stuff to you?
text: Lorraine realizes that she's going to have to converse.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Not always. I have a partner who goes
dialog: around to estate sales and picks up
dialog: things. I restore them and she sells
dialog: them.
text: Lorraine grabs a business card off a nearby rolltop desk and hands
dialog: it to Sarah.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: Here's her number. Tell her what kind
dialog: of plece you want and she'll give you
dialog: an estimate if she can.
text: Lorraine goes back to work. Conversation over. Sarah's still
text: looking around. After a moment, Lorraine looks up expectantly.
speaker_heading: SARAH:
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: I was hoping you could help me find
dialog: something.
text: Sarah's so tense she can't keep a quaver out of her voice.
text: struggling to be casual, Sarah leans against an ancient table.
text: Unfortunately, one leg is loose and it teeters precariously.
text: Lorraine jumps up to steady it before it falls.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (curt)
dialog: No. I don't do that.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Are you sure? Maybe you could--
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: "No" is really the strongest negative
dialog: I like to use with potential customers.
dialog: (motions to box)
dialog: Now I really need to get back to work.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well, thanks anyway.
text: Sarah backs out the door hesitantly.
scene_heading: EXT. MORRISEY HOUSE
text: Sarah leans against the house for a moment out of Lorraine's
text: sightline before heading back to her house. It's obvious she's
text: regretting her move.
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S WORKSHOP
text: Lorraine struggles to concentrate on what she's doing. After a
text: Moment, she looks out the screen door and watches Sarah's
text: departing back with an intense curiosity she couldn't let herself
dialog: show before.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSELL HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: sarah's 21-year-old brother, DANIEL, pulls up in front of their
text: house in his battered Ford Escort. The car is loaded with luggage
text: and bags of dirty laundry.
text: Rather than unload his car, Daniel pulls a basketball out and
text: starts shooting baskets on their driveway. He is tall and lanky
text: with an outgoing exuberance.
speaker_heading: SARAH (0.C.)
dialog: Hey! Welcome home stranger.
text: Daniel looks up to see Sarah returning from the Morrisey house.
text: She runs up and gives him a hug.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Welcome home yourself. What're you
dialog: doing over there?
text: He gestures to the Morrisey house.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: dust saying “hi".
speaker_heading: DANTEL
dialog: And did you get a reply?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (shrugging it off)
dialog: Of course. Does she ever leave?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: According to mom, no.
dialog: (in a creepy Vincent
dialog: Price voice)
text: She only comes out to trim her rose
dialog: bushes.
text: At that moment, Buddy drives up in a white pick-up truck. He gets
text: out and approaches them.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Hey.
text: Daniel smiles strangely at Buddy, then looks pointedly at Sarah.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Seems like old times.
text: Sarah ignores Daniel and goes to meet Buddy.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: How's your head?
dialog: oo
dialog: 25.
text: Buddy lifts his hair to show the bruised bump on his forehead.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Ooooh. God, I am so sorry. I really
dialog: whacked you.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: It's okay ... really.
dialog: (beat) .
dialog: I thought I'd take a look at your
dialog: car ... the estimate?
text: The phone starts RINGING inside the house.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh ... sure. Let me just get that.
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: Sarah runs into the house. Daniel and Buddy eye each other. Daniel
text: breaks the tense silence.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Good. How was year three?
text: Daniel throws the basketball at Buddy hard. Buddy catches it with
text: finesse and an instant game of one-on-one springs up.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
text: over. Thank God. Advanced thermo
dialog: was hell.
text: Buddy dribbles past Daniel and sinks a basket.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: My heart goes out to you.
text: Daniel smiles faintly at his tone; it implies some long-forgotten
dialog: ritual of friendship.
scene_heading: - curT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - KITCHEN
text: Breathless, Sarah races in and picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hello?
text: fhere is silence for a moment and Sarah instantly senses who it
dialog: S.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I just realized that I was being
dialog: very rude.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No... it was me. I don't know what
dialog: I was thinking just barging in like
dialog: that. I had no right-~
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: If you want to come by tomorrow, I
dialog: can show you some samples and help
dialog: you figure out what you want.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - WORKSHOP
text: Lorraine's voice is icy confident, but she doesn't look so sure
dialog: about her decision.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
text: 10 AM.
text: Lorraine hangs up abruptly.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSELL HOUSE - DAY
text: Daniel takes the ball back then tries to sneak past Buddy, but he
text: seems to be everywhere he turns.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You been practicin'’?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Not much else to do here.
text: Daniel tries a long shot. It misses and Buddy grabs the rebound.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Well ... my heart goes out to you.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: What's Sarah doing home?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (a realization)
dialog: You know ... I don't know.
text: Then Daniel turns to look at Buddy, who stands dribbling.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: But, I don't have to guess why
dialog: you're here. :
text: Buddy throws the ball at paniel -- hard -- as Sarah walks out the
text: front door.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I'm just being friendly.
text: Buddy gives Daniel a grin which isn't returned.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSELL HOUSE - DRIVEWAY
text: Around the back of the house is a separate garage where Sarah's
text: car is parked. Buddy examines the scrape on her car closely. He
text: makes notes on a pre-printed form on his clipboard then stands up.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I could fix it for about ...
dialog: (mentally figuring)
dialog: $60.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Are you kidding?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: That's just for materials ... well,
dialog: the paint. I wouldn't charge you
dialog: for labor.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy, that's a great price, but
dialog: it's no way to run a business.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Sarah, it's Henry now. And you forget
dialog: where you are. Customer relations are
dialog: what matter in a small community.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Customer relations?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Okay, Henry. Do I even need to ask
dialog: what the catch is?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: It's a request.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Lemme guess ... a date?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Whatever you want to call it.
text: Sarah pauses to think about it, The last thing she needs in her
text: life is a complication. Buddy is obviously itching to be one.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Bud--
dialog: (catching herself)
dialog: Henry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't want you to take this the
dialog: wrong way ...
text: Buddy looks down at the ground, humiliated. Sarah relents.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: ++» but okay.
text: He looks up and smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE’S WORKSHOP - DAY
text: Lorraine is putting a coat of varnish on the mother-of-pearl box.
text: sarah is sitting in a beautiful old rocker paging through a photo
text: album filled with pictures of Lorraine's work.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: How'd you get started doing this?
text: Lorraine continues to work, hoping the question will fade into the
text: woodwork. But, it just hangs in the air.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (finally)
dialog: My grandmother taught me.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Wow. All I ever learned from my
dialog: grandma was how to swear in Italian.
dialog: (off Lorraine's look)
dialog: Hey ... it's been useful.
dialog: 29,
text: Lorraine smiles faintly and notices as Sarah rubs her eyes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: But, I don’t remember you doing this
dialog: before. How'd you start this business?
dialog: Lorraine does not appreciate anything vaguely resembling the third
text: degree. But, Sarah's direct gaze says she's going to keep trying
dialog: no matter what. .
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Someone saw the cradle I made for
dialog: Jennifer--
text: Lorraine hesitates on the name, but then goes on deliberately as
dialog: if reciting a recipe to a friend,
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: --and told me I should go into
dialog: business. One job led to another...
text: Lorraine trails off and gestures to the workshop around her.
text: Desperate to change the subject, Sarah points to a beautiful
text: painted chest in the photo albun.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What about one like this?
text: Relieved, Lorraine stands up and moves to look over Sarah's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: That's Czechoslavakian. From the
dialog: late 19th Century.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Maureen might be able to find something
dialog: similar. But I'11 warn you, it won't
dialog: be cheap.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But you could do it?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Sure.
text: Sarah jumps up and grabs her car keys.
speaker_heading: . SARAH
dialog: Come with me to Malloy's and we'll
dialog: see what he has.
text: Lorraine sits back down to her varnishing.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: That man wouldn't know an antique
text: from a lawn ornament.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: When's the last time you were up
dialog: there?
dialog: (mo answer)
dialog: Come on. I need your expert eye.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Maureen gets back next week. I'll
dialog: send her up there with you then.
text: Lorraine's tone dismisses the subject. Sarah stands by the door.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Why wait?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Because that's how I do it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (brief hesitation)
dialog: Is it because you don't want to leave
dialog: the house?
text: Lorraine looks up from her work slowly. Her eyes are flinty. Anger
text: smolders there.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Why don't you just go home, Sarah.
text: Sarah wants to argue the point, but knows now isn‘t the time.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - DINING ROOM - EVENING
text: Phil and Gayle Russell sit at opposite ends of the dining table.
text: Sarah and Daniel eat quietly.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: So, Sarah ... how long are you
dialog: home for?
text: Sarah looks up from her barely-touched meal.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh, um. It's just a really quiet
dialog: time for Martine--
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (interrupting,
dialog: to Phil)
dialog: What kind of a question is that to
dialog: ask your daughter? She may be off on
text: her own, but this is still her home.
text: Gayle turns to Sarah and speaks with the barest hint of reproach.
speaker_heading: GAYLE ~
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: She doesn't have to answer to us.
text: Gayle and Phil both look to Sarah as if waiting for the answer she
dialog: doesn't have to give. Silence.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: You going out with Buddy tonight?
text: Though relieved by the interruption, Sarah gives him a look that
text: could kill. Phil and Gayle are successfully distracted and highly
text: amused by the subject.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Buddy Carroll? You're finally
dialog: giving him a chance?
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Now, Phil. Buddy's turned into a
dialog: nice-looking young man.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Now that he weighs more than a
dialog: hundred pounds you mean.
text: At that moment, the doorbell RINGS.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Speaking of the devil?
text: He jumps up from his seat and goes into the living room. Gayle is
text: close behind.
text: Sarah stares at Daniel across the table. He is drinking his milk
text: when he notices the dagger-shooting look. Busting into laughter,
text: he almost snorts the milk through his nose.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (acid)
dialog: Thank you. Thank you very much.
text: Sarah reluctantly rises and follows her parents into the hall.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - FRONT DOOR
text: Phil and Gayle open the door.
text: Buddy is standing outside, dressed in a button-down and jeans. He
text: holds something behind his back.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hey there, Buddy.
text: Phil motions for him to enter.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: How's your dad?
text: Buddy walks in and Phil closes the door.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: {a bit overwhelmed)
dialog: Thanks ... he's better.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is Sarah--?
text: sarah appears from the dining room and quickly grabs her jacket.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Buddy)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Hi.
text: Sarah smiles at her parents and raises her eyebrows.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Bye.
text: She takes a grateful Buddy by the arm and quickly pulls him out
text: the door.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSELL HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Buddy walks Sarah to his truck.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Is it my imagination or is this
dialog: prom night?
text: Sarah's clearly a little uncomfortable, but she's determined to be
dialog: nice.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm sorry. They've gotten kind of
dialog: flaky in their old age. Stepford
text: parents with brief flashes of
dialog: lucidity.
text: As Buddy holds the door of his truck for her, he finally remembers
text: to give Sarah the small bouquet of daisies from behind his back.
speaker_heading: ‘BUDDY -
dialog: It's not a corsage but ...
text: Sarah takes them and breathes in their fragrance.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: Buddy Carroll, the romantic mechanic.
dialog: who would have guessed?
text: Buddy is a little hurt by the hint of sarcasm Sarah can't keep out
text: of her voice.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, that's why I'm giving you this
dialog: once-in-a-lifetime chance to spend
dialog: quality time with me ... and please
dialog: call me “Henry”.
text: Buddy smiles and slams the door. He runs around the front of the
text: truck, slips and disappears from view. A moment later, he jumps up
text: and raises his arms in the "touchdown" signal. Sarah LAUGHS.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. WILLOUGHBY'S - NIGHT
text: This is a honky-tonk. It is not a subtle place. The beer flows
text: freely, many a delicate foot is stepped on by a clunky boot and
dialog: you might get scorched stepping between some of the smoldering
text: glances being exchanged. Not Sarah's kind of place.
text: Buddy and Sarah are sitting at a small table near the dance floor
text: nursing two draft beers. Buddy taps his foot as he watches the
text: dancing. Sarah stares into her beer.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You wanna--
dialog: (turning to Sarah)
dialog: Sarah, you okay?
text: Sarah's mind is elsewhere. She snaps herself out of it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Bmmm?
dialog: os
dialog: 34.
text: Buddy catches her glancing around apprehensively.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I was gonna ask if you ...
dialog: (feeling lame) .
dialog: wanted to dance.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy, I hate to tell you, but line
dialog: dancing isn't really my thing.
text: Buddy stares at her until she drops her eyes.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Just like high school, huh? It
dialog: isn't cool so you'il just sit in
dialog: the bleachers?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy. I never did figure out the
dialog: rules in high school. Are you gonna
dialog: hold it against me that I was a senior
dialog: when you were a fresh--
dialog: (stops herself)
dialog: No. I'm not going to have this
dialog: conversation. I already hear myself
dialog: defending something that I have no
dialog: reason to be defensive about.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Sarah, Sarah, holdon...
text: Buddy takes her hand and tries to pull her to the dance floor. she
dialog: resists.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I don't wanna talk.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Fine, but I don't wanna dance.
text: Buddy obviously wants to bridge the gulf between them and he seems
text: convinced that this is the way. Sarah will take some convincing.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I'll let you lead.
text: He does a few casual steps and joins the line of dancing folk.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy! It's line dancing. I don't
dialog: know how to do it. I don't want to
dialog: know how to do it. How can I lead?
dialog: 
dialog: 35.
text: Sarah softens her words with a weak smile as she looks around for
text: her escape, but Buddy's hand pulls her into the line.
dialog: She's horrible. It really doesn't look like any amount of practice
dialog: is going to help.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, RUSSELL HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Buddy's truck pulls into the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S WORKSHOP - SAME TIME
text: Lorraine's hands carefully wrap the finished mother-of-pearl chest
text: in protective brown paper.
text: She glances out the screen door and sees Buddy helping Sarah out
text: of the truck. Lorraine gets up and approaches the door for a
text: better view. She can‘t seem to look away.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSELL HOUSE
text: Buddy walks Sarah to the front door. The porchlight is on. They
text: stand in uncomfortable silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks. I had fun.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: No you didn't, but ... thanks for
dialog: humoring me.
text: He turns to go.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy, I'm not trying to be ...
text: She doesn‘t know how to verbalize what she's feeling. Buddy turns
text: back reluctantly.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You know what? Keep calling me Buddy.
dialog: It really helps put me in my place.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, I'm sorry if I made you
dialog: uncomfortable tonight. Nobody saw us
dialog: out together if that’s what you're
dialog: worried about.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh ... no.
dialog: 36.
dialog: oo
text: Buddy turns away, put stops short. He can't face her and say what
dialog: he has to say.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Sarah, remember when I followed you
dialog: around all the time?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yeah ...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, I wasn’t stupid.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was just ... fourteen.
text: He walks away. Sarah watches him for a beat then runs down the
text: steps and catches him as he's reaching for the truck's handle.
text: Sarah takes his face in her hands and kisses him deeply. Buddy is
text: completely taken aback.
text: Without a word, Sarah runs inside and closes the front door.
text: o~ ON BUDDY: He seems paralyzed, lips still slightly parted as if
text: waiting for an instant replay of that kiss.
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE 'S WORKSHOP
text: Lorraine stands at the screen door watching the little drama
text: unfold. Her expression is grim, but also a bit wistful.
scene_heading: INT. THE RUSSELL HOUSE - FRONT DOOR
text: Sarah closes the door behind her and leans against it.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.O.)
dialog: That was probably ... unwise.
dialog: But, it obviously felt good.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - LORRAINE'S BEDROOM
text: Lorraine enters the room and watches Howard. His face is relaxed
text: in sleep and he almost looks as young and hopeful as Buddy.
text: Lorraine lies down a safe distance from him. She reaches out and
text: touches his cheek, smiling at the SCRATCH of his stubble. He stirs
text: o~ but doesn't wake. It's obvious Lorraine wouldn't have had the
dialog: nerve to do it if he had been awake.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUDDY'S HOUSE
text: Buddy pulls up in front of a carefully-repaired gray shingle house
text: behind the gas station. Seeing no lights on in the house, he walks
text: around to the shop.
scene_heading: EXT. BODY SHOP
text: Behind the Carroll's house is a large garage with an assortment of
text: cars in various stages of repair. Buddy approaches.
scene_heading: INT. BODY SHOP
text: Millions of stars provide the only canopy for this open air
text: section of the shed. A tinny portable tv is tuned to Jay Leno.
text: RAY CARROLL dozes on a raggedy couch. Even asleep, his kind face
text: is lined and careworn.
text: Buddy drapes an old thermal blanket over his father and turns the
dialog: tv off.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Howard walks in. Jon and Rick are eating cereal and cramming for
dialog: final exams.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Can you guys get your own lunches
dialog: today? Your mom isn't ... feeling
dialog: well.
text: Jon barely looks up from his biology text.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Is it her time of the month or her
dialog: time of life?
text: Rick shoves him in the shoulder as he gets up and rinses his dish.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: No, you moron.
dialog: (with meaning)
dialog: It's that time of the year.
text: Jon stops to think and then shakes his head, depressed by some
dialog: realization.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Ah, shit. I forgot.
dialog: 
dialog: 38.
text: Howard makes a cup of instant coffee, grimacing at the taste.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Don't worry. It's not so bad. I
dialog: just talked to her. She's okay.
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - JENNIFER'S BEDROOM
text: This room has gone from bedroom to shrine. Dusty from disuse, —
text: diapers and lotions are still stacked on the changing table. Tiny
text: dresses are visible hanging in the closet. A mobile dangles from
text: the ceiling, destined never to be wound again.
text: Still in her robe with her hair tousled, Lorraine sits with her
text: forehead resting on a gleaming wooden cradle. The movement of her
text: body as she quietly SOBS makes the cradle rock gently.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - FLASHBACK
text: We're back among the flashing lights and EMT's. Lorraine walks in
text: the front door and through a house bustling with grim energy. But,
text: everything is strangely silent.
scene_heading: IN THE KITCHEN:
text: 12-year-old Sarah stands at the door to the basement erying. A
text: POLICEWOMAN is taking Jon and Ricky upstairs to put them to bed.
text: Lorraine glances at the boys, put we sense she wasn't worried
dialog: about them.
text: Sarah runs up to Lorraine and tries to explain what happened, but
text: Sarah's mouth works silently. All we hear is the blood RUSHING in
text: Lorraine's ears. Lorraine pushes Sarah aside and goes down the
dialog: stairs. :
scene_heading: IN THE BASEMENT:
text: EMT's huddle around a tiny body sprawled on the unfinished
text: concrete floor. Jennifer. Dead. Her walker lies on its side a few
text: feet away like a wrecked roadster.
text: Lorraine ignores the sympathetic faces as she bends down to pick
text: Jennifer up. Someone's hand reaches to stop her, but then
dialog: withdraws.
text: SARAH'S POV AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS:
text: Sarah watches as Lorraine carries Jennifer's body up the stairs.
text: The baby's Gerber pajamas are unmarked by blood. Lorraine's arm
text: automatically supports Jennifer‘s broken neck. The baby could be
dialog: sleeping .-.
dialog: 
dialog: 39.
text: Lorraine looks up at Sarah. The sorrow in Lorraine's eyes is more
dialog: devastating than any anger could ever be.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - JENNIFER'S BEDROOM - THE PRESENT
text: The sorrowful look is still there in Lorraine's eyes. Twelve years
dialog: have barely softened the pain. .
text: Now anger has joined in the fray.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - SARAH'S BEDROOM - THE PRESENT
text: Sarah wakes up with a start, as if remembering the same horrible
text: night ... or perhaps even sensing Lorraine's anguish. Sweat has
text: matted her hair to her forehead and her eyes are like saucers.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. CARROLL HOUSE - KITCHEN
text: Buddy and Ray sit at the breakfast table. They sip coffee and eat
text: cinnamon rolis out of a cheap plastic bakery package.
text: Ray is reading BODYWORKS, a trade magazine for “automotive
text: craftsmen". He can't stop CHUCKLING at something he's reading.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (giving in)
dialog: okay. What?
text: Ray looks at him with a villainous grin.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You ain't gonna believe this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It says here they did a survey of
text: a hunnert attractive young females
dialog: in Los Angeleeze, Dallas and Chicago,
dialog: asking 'em what profession their
dialog: ideal man would hafta be. Guess what
dialog: they said?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (patient)
dialog: Doctor?
dialog: {no from Ray)
dialog: Lawyer?
dialog: (no again)
dialog: Candlestick maker?
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Auto-motive mechanic.
text: Buddy eyes his father suspiciously.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (cont: }
dialog: No, really. They figure they're
dialog: gonna get in enough fender benders
dialog: throughout their life ... it must
dialog: be worth it.
text: A KNOCK sounds on the back door. Buddy jumps up to let Sarah in.
text: she's a vision. Even ina white t-shirt and jeans she's better
dialog: than anything the Carrolls have seen in the neighborhood for a
dialog: long time.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {to Ray)
dialog: Hi Mr. Carroll. It's been a long
dialog: time.
text: She shakes his hand and he points to the table.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: How ‘bout a cinn'mun roll Sarah?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: sweet enough already, eh?
text: sarah rolls her eyes, but still blushes. Buddy can't believe his
dialog: father actually said that. Ray LAUGHS, pleased that he achieved
dialog: the desired result on both counts.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What can we do for ya?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well, Buddy was going to fix a little
dialog: scrape on my car.
text: Ray catches Buddy's eye long enough to raise an eyebrow
text: speculatively. Buddy smiles but ignores him as he leads sarah
dialog: outside.
dialog: curt TO:
dialog: 4l.
scene_heading: INT. THE MORRISEY HOUSE - LIVING ROOM
text: still dressed in her robe, Lorraine digs around in the small
text: polished liquor cabinet. She comes up with an extremely dusty
text: bottle of whiskey. She takes 4 drink and makes a face. She's not
text: much of a drinker.
dialog: But there is something pbuilding in Lorraine and she's got to let
text: it out. she reaches into the hall closet and pulls out ... a
dialog: baseball bat. :
text: with a sense of determination, she walks down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S BEDROOM
text: Frustration and anger pulse under her temple as she raises the bat
text: high to destroy the cradle. It wavers there for a moment.
text: But, the cradle looks as defenseless as the child it was designed
text: to hold. She can’t.
text: She almost seems to be calming down until ... a flash of color
text: outside the window catches her eye.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF MORRISEY'S - LUNCHTIME
text: Howard pulls into the driveway to a bizarre sight: an overweight
text: WOMAN in a navy pantsuit is standing by the front door. Her hands
text: flutter to her mouth and then back to her side as she tries to
text: decide what to do. Howard turns to look where she's looking ...
text: with her hair flying loose and her robe whipping in the wind, a
text: wild-looking Lorraine is POUNDING the rosebushes to 4 fragrant
text: pulp with the baseball bat.
text: she mutters under her breath as she swings with methodical care,
text: first left then right then left ...
text: Howard gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Howard, I didn't do anything. I
dialog: just--
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: It's okay, Gladys.
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: --came to pick up the chest I ordered.
dialog: My niece's graduation party is
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: 42.
text: she edges toward the workshop's screen door as Howard edges toward
dialog: Lorraine.
scene_heading: ON LORRAINE:
text: Her muttering voice is barely audible as she swats half-heartedly
text: at the broken stems. She's like a wind-up toy nearing the end of
dialog: its run.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Honey? Lorraine?
text: She looks up suddenly and sees Howard. she smiles sweetly --- Like
text: a child and holds up one finger in a “just a minute" gesture.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Almost done.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (smiling too)
dialog: Honey, I'11 finish that later. Let's
dialog: go inside.
text: He slowly reaches out, takes the baseball bat from her hands and
text: starts to lead her to the house.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: We're going to plant something new
dialog: there. How about some tulips?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Tulips. Mums.
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Mums the word.
text: Gladys steps out of the workshop, holding the finished box. She
text: peeks under the protective brown paper as she walks rather quickly
text: to the car.
speaker_heading: GLADYS
dialog: I left the check on the desk.
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Thank you Lorraine. It looks just
dialog: lovely.
text: Now standing on the stoop arm-in-arm, Howard and Lorraine almost
text: look like a normal Norman Rockwell couple.
text: Lorraine looks after Gladys strangely, even managing a wave.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (to Howard)
dialog: She took the box?
text: Howard nods as he tries to lead Lorraine inside. There is a small
text: crowd of curious neighbors watching from a discreet distance.
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE
text: Howard quickly pulls the door shut behind them. Lorraine looks
text: jnto Howard's eyes intently.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: she said she just wants a box.
dialog: But, I think she wants more ..-
text: Howard's hands hold torraine's arms with a firm but gentle grip.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: torraine, you get like this every
dialog: year on her birthday.
text: Lorraine YANKS herself out of Howard's grip with a sudden
text: violence. His eyes betray how much her rejection hurts pefore he
text: can hide it, but his voice is full of patience.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: qcont., gently)
dialog: You've just got to hold it together.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: _.. 1 think she wants to take
dialog: everything else, too.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Who?
text: Lorraine looks across the street.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: The Russell girl.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUDDY'S TRUCK - MOVING SHOT - AFTERNOON
text: Buddy is driving Sarah home in his truck. she looks around in
text: wonder at the rural beauty.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: 1 don't know what's gotten into me.
dialog: I was up at 7 AM this morning. I'd (MORE)
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT. }
dialog: never do that in the city unless I
dialog: absolutely had to. .
text: Buddy gestures expansively to the open fields.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, you need a lot of time to
dialog: observe all this “nothing".
text: Sarah's head is propped on her arm as she leans out the window.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: All I have is time.
text: Buddy considers this statement, then suddenly pulls onto a quiet
dialog: dirt road.
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD - AERIAL SHOT
text: Buddy's pick-up leaves a high plume of dust as it rockets toward
text: the deep forest separated from the road by cultivated fields.
scene_heading: EXT. SHADY NOOK - AFTERNOON
text: Huge oaks shade this idyllic spot. A slow-moving but incredibly
text: clear river sparkles in the afternoon sun. The stuff of dreams.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh, Buddy ... it’s like a Coors
dialog: commercial.
text: Buddy spreads his arms wide and breathes in a deep, exaggerated
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (announcer's voice)
dialog: God's Country.
text: Buddy pulls fishing poles and bait out of the back of the pick-up.
text: Like line dancing, Sarah automatically resists.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: oh, Buddy, no. I haven't done this
dialog: since I was like ... seven?
text: Buddy expertly baits a hook and hands the rod to her then goes to
dialog: work on his own.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: When I said all I have is time, I
dialog: did not mean ...
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a veiled challenge)
dialog: What did you mean, Sarah?
text: Sarah looks at the pole, trying to remember how to cast. she
text: smiles suddenly as she accepts the challenge.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Okay ... sure.
dialog: {gaining confidence)
dialog: I just ... do this ... thingie ...
text: Sarah holds her thumb down on the reel release as she pulls the
dialog: rod back ..-
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ... and then let ‘er rip!
text: Sarah's gusto takes her bait all the way across the river. It gets
text: stuck in some rocks on the other side. Buddy starts LAUGHING.
scene_heading: MONTAGE OF BUDDY AND SARAH FISHING:
text: - Buddy stands behind sarah and guides her arm, trying to get her
text: cast under control.
text: - Buddy demonstrates a perfect catch as he reels in a wiggling
dialog: trout.
text: - Sarah LAUGHS as her line gets stuck and Buddy falls in trying to
dialog: release it.
text: - Sarah casually glances at Buddy, who is lying on a rock in the
text: sun trying to dry out his wet clothes. He looks good.
text: - Now they're both lying on rocks, eyes closed as they soak up the
dialog: sun. .
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy, how did you know to bring
dialog: me here?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well Sarah, you always were the last
dialog: person to know what's good for you.
text: The stream GURGLES on, unaware of the forces of nature drawing
text: Buddy and Sarah closer even as they lie, not touching, eyes still
text: closed, on their respective rocks.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - BATHROOM
dialog: 46.
text: Lorraine sits on the edge of the tub. She's covered with leaves,
text: brambles and tiny cuts from the thorns on the rosebushes.
text: Howard kneels in front of her, washing her off with a washcloth.
text: He gently applies antiseptic to her cuts and puts bandages on.
text: Lorraine's eyes slowly regain focus. She's back among the living.
text: Howard looks up as if sensing this.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You okay?
text: Lorraine nods, but then starts crying.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I'm sorry. How do you-~- Why do you ...
dialog: (long hesitation)
dialog: Stay?
text: Howard just pulls Lorraine into a hug. She hangs on like a
text: drowning woman as the sobs gradually lessen.
scene_heading: INT. BUDDY'S PICKUP ~ MOVING SHOT - LATER
text: Buddy and Sarah are heading back to town. Buddy's hair is still
text: damp from his accidental swin.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I don't know if I really believe
dialog: there are any fish in Silo Creek.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: So you're saying I planted the
dialog: two rainbow trout I caught?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You just have more of an affinity
dialog: with the local wildlife. They sense
dialog: you're a townie.
text: Buddy looks at Sarah. A “townie” isn't what Buddy wants to be.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah, I guess I am.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh, Buddy. I'm sorry. I'm a dork.
dialog: I talk ... then I think. It's a
dialog: medical condition.
dialog: me
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You gotta call ‘em like you see ‘em.
text: There is a hint of bitterness in his voice, but he smiles to show
dialog: her he isn't mad.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ' (hesitantly)
dialog: What about your plans for college?
dialog: You were gonna go to U of 1, right?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (evasive)
dialog: Yeah, engineering. But, I didn't
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Didn't you try j.c. for a couple
dialog: semesters?
speaker_heading: ' BUDDY
dialog: (ironic)
dialog: - Yeah. Real exciting.
text: Buddy isn't elaborating and Sarah decides not to push.
dialog: oo :
text: As they pass the park, Sarah notices Daniel playing basketball
text: with friends. She also notices a young WOMAN with a TODDLER
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Can you drop me off here?
dialog: (glances in side mirror)
dialog: Do I look like a complete goober?
text: Buddy pulls over.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (looking at her)
dialog: your nose is sunburned and the
dialog: effect is charming.
text: Sarah smiles at his words and turns to him before climbing out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So you'il call me when it‘s done?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I'll call you sooner if I can come
dialog: ~~ up with a good excuse.
text: She closes the door behind her and speaks through the open window.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well, we have sugar if you need a
dialog: cup, my dad and I host a mean game
dialog: of Scrabble ...
text: (she glances at
dialog: the basketball game)
dialog: and I'm sure Daniel would love to
dialog: catch up.
text: Buddy catches her meaning, but chooses to ignore it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: on second thought, I'll call you
dialog: when it's done.
text: He drives off with a wave.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - BLEACHERS
text: Daniel waves to Sarah as she approaches, but can‘t take his eyes
dialog: off the game for long.
text: The young woman, SUSAN, stands up when she sees Sarah, obviously
text: not believing her eyes.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Sarah?!
text: .Susan runs to greet Sarah. Her two-year-old toddler, DYLAN,
text: follows her, caught up in his mother's excitement.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - CONCESSION STAND
text: Dylan sucks all the juice out of a-rainbow-colored snow cone then
text: hands it to his mother. He runs off to play on the brightly-
text: colored jungle gym. Susan and Sarah sit on a bench eating snow
dialog: cones.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: So if I take at least sixteen credits
dialog: a semester -- yeah, right -- I can
dialog: graduate next spring. Then there's
dialog: RN certification, a placement program ...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: How do you ... do it?
speaker_heading: SUSAN (MORE }
dialog: Don't ask. I mean, Jeff has been great.
dialog: But just be glad you were smart enough
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT. )
dialog: to do it the right way. My mom told me
dialog: about Harvard Med. That‘s great.
text: Sarah's mouth tightens in a brief flash of anger. She looks away
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I guess news travels fast.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: you ain't in Chicago anymore, Dorothy.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So you really think I'm the smart one?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Are you kidding? You're working
dialog: towards your goal, no distractions,
dialog: a career to die for ...
text: At that moment, Dylan comes barreling toward them and jumps into
text: Susan's arms. Susan tries to get him to say “hello” to Sarah, but
text: he burrows his head into her shoulder shyly.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (cont. )
text: ... While I take two steps forward
dialog: and the tiger here pulls me three
text: steps back.
dialog: (Dylan growls
dialog: like a tiger)
dialog: Just imagine if you had kids!
text: Sarah looks at Dylan for a moment, imagining just that. His
text: freckles and crooked smile only add to the angelic appearance.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - EVENING
text: A loud KNOCKING goes on and on. Sarah answers the door. Howard
text: Morrisey stands there, exuding righteous anger.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I need to speak to you.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - DEN
text: Sarah leads Howard into the den, reassuring her parents that
text: everything is fine and closing the door on their curious looks.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Have you been talking to my wife?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: I’ve talked to her about a chest,
dialog: yeah.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Do you really think that's wise?
text: sarah pauses, mentally measuring her words before speaking.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I certainly never meant-- I don't
dialog: mean to cause any ... harm.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: unfortunately, you in my wife's
dialog: life ... is causing harm.
text: Sarah is visibly upset. Howard doesn't want to make her feel
dialog: worse, but he's got to get his point across.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (cont. }
dialog: Sarah ... it was an accident and
dialog: you've been able to put it behind
dialog: you.
text: Sarah's eyes widen in disbelief at this statement. Howard doesn’t
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: But, Lorraine can't forget it and
dialog: seeing you does not help. We have
dialog: to live with it every day. In order
dialog: for us to do that, I have to ask you
dialog: to stay away from Lorraine while
dialog: you're home.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What if I'm home for good?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: It doesn't matter.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Please just let her be.
text: He doesn't wait for her answer or for her to show him out.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT, MORRISEY KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Lorraine finishes drying the dinner dishes. she places them in
text: their carefully designated places in the cupboard. She turns to
text: the kitchen, needing something else to do ... but her home is in
text: perfect order. There's nothing else she can do.
text: Howard walks in. He wants to touch her. To hug her. To soothe her.
speaker_heading: HOWARD -
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: No one's going to bother you anymore.
text: But, he just leaves. Lorraine watches him go and slowly drops into
text: one of the kitchen chairs, lowering her head inte her hands.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, RUSSELL BACK PORCH - NIGHT
text: Sarah sits in a lawn chair on the screened-in back porch, staring
text: through the stars.
text: Daniel comes outside and sits on the step beside her. He holds a
text: wicked-looking lawn dart with plastic wings. 50's era family fun.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Wanna play night jarts?
text: Sarah comes back to Earth and smiles.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: The most dangerous game in ten
dialog: states? I'll pass.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Wanna tell me what you're doing with
dialog: Buddy?
text: Sarah turns to look at Daniel.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That was a shitty segue. Why don't
dialog: you tell me what you're doing with
dialog: Buddy?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: That's between him and me.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But, you two used to be inseparable.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: He was your best friend.
dialog: 52.
text: Daniel is uncomfortable and doesn't want to talk about it.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Yeah, well, you're my only sister
dialog: and I have no fucking clue what's
dialog: going on with you.
text: Sarah LAUGHS and glances back inside to make sure her parents
dialog: aren't listening. .
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: Watch your language.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What do you want to know?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What you're doing here. Really.
text: He looks at her closely when she doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: X don't think you came back to
dialog: fulfill Buddy Carroll's high school
text: wet dreams.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And, the folks and I are very
dialog: curious what Howard Morrisey had
dialog: to say to you.
text: Sarah nods her head as his plan becomes clear.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Of course. Send the sweet-faced
dialog: one to get the dirt.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No. You're just ... acting really
dialog: weird.
text: Sarah stands up and heads back inside.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I don't know what the big deal is.
dialog: I asked Mrs. Morrisey to make me
dialog: something. She said “no". That's
dialog: all there is to it.
text: She SLAMS the screen door behind her.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
dialog: 53.
text: A KNOCK echoes as we see a door opening and bright sunlight
text: silhouetting a figure.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - DAY
text: sarah is astounded to see Lorraine Morrisey standing outside.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Alright. Let's go.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You ... crossed the street?
text: Lorraine looks around her as if realizing for the first time.
speaker_heading: _ LORRAINE
dialog: To get to the other side. Yeah.
text: Lorraine smiles faintly.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STANTON - MAIN STREET - DAY
text: sarah parks Daniel's Escort at a meter on the main thoroughfare.
scene_heading: INT. ESCORT
text: Sarah turns the car off and looks at Lorraine, who is gripping the
text: passenger seat as if it's her new best friend .
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I may have been a bit hasty.
text: Lorraine watches the people passing on the sidewalk as if eyeing
text: sharks at an exhibit. She turns back to Sarah, emanating fear and
dialog: potential panic.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: I don't think I can do this.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Whatever.
text: Sarah gets out and stands there waiting. Now people seem to stare
text: at Lorraine even more. Finally, Lorraine opens her car door.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. STANTON - MAIN STREET SIDEWALK
text: Lorraine and sarah walk down the sidewalk. Sarah casually
text: windowshops. Lorraine resolutely stares straight ahead as if
text: taking a sobriety test, struggling to stay oblivious to the
text: curious stares of passing people.
text: As Lorraine continues on, we see .-.-
text: — an older WOMAN in a clothing store jumping out of her chair and
text: craning her head for a better Look.
text: - A young BOY walking with his mother, trying to figure out
text: what’s so unusual about Lorraine that everyone is staring at.
text: - The two racewalking women approach from the other direction and
text: are so startled, they almost run into Lorraine.
text: As Lorraine and Sarah disappear into "Malloy's Antiques", Woman 1
text: bends to Woman 2's ear.
speaker_heading: WOMAN 1
dialog: What on earth? Hasn't she caused that
dialog: woman enough grief?
speaker_heading: WOMAN 2
dialog: I told you ... trouble.
scene_heading: INT. MALLOY'S - DAY
text: This dusty old shop is full of piles of junk, which the ancient
text: and clueless owner, IRV MALLOY, will insist are all “gen-u-ine
dialog: coll-ectibles".
text: He sits up from his rickety chair as Lorraine and Sarah enter the
text: shop. His cigarette falls from his lips into the newspaper he was
text: reading and starts to smolder.
text: Lorraine takes a deep breath of air and seems comforted by the
text: antiques surrounding her. She notices Irv's smoking paper and
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Irv, you really think you should
dialog: be starting a fire in a shop full
dialog: of hundred year old wood?
text: Irv throws the paper to the floor and stamps on it.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Well I'11 be damned.
dialog: 
dialog: 55.
text: Lorraine nods a greeting which Irv returns in a typically non-
text: verbal Midwestern fashion.
text: Sarah pulls Lorraine over to a box similar to the one she saw in
text: the book. Lorraine inspects it carefully before giving her
dialog: whispered approval.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE .
dialog: you've got a good eye. I think it's
dialog: Rumanian. Great lines. Solid. .
text: She eyes the carved and painted design on the wooden lid. The
text: colors have all faded, but the fine craftsmanship is self-evident.
text: Lorraine eyes Irv out of the corner of her eye.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Irv will never know what he's got
dialog: ... unless I try to buy this.
text: Sarah thinks for a moment then smiles.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {loudly)
dialog: Well I don't care what you think.
dialog: I'm gonna buy it anyway.
text: Lorraine stares at Sarah for a moment before catching on and
text: raising her voice so Irv can hear.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: It's your money. But don't expect me
dialog: to restore it. I've gotta have some-
dialog: thing to work with.
text: Lorraine points to the box's supposedly shoddy workmanship.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: I can't perform miracles.
text: Sarah grabs the box protectively and walks up to Irv.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: Then I'11 leave it just the way it
dialog: is.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S WORKSHOP
text: Lorraine and Sarah walk in the screen door. Sarah can't suppress a
text: satisfied smile as she sets the box down gently.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thirty bucks.
text: Lorraine walks around the box, eyeing it from all angles. Her mind
text: is already racing.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Yeah ... I can do this.
text: Sarah takes a seat on an old rocker and rocks excitedly.
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: Can I watch?
text: Lorraine stares at Sarah for a long moment.
speaker_heading: . LORRAINE
dialog: Well, that's not really how I work.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Oh please. I'd really like to learn
dialog: how to do it.
text: sarah is pushing Lorraine's limits.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Sarah, I'm doing this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: why don't we just let it go at that.
text: Lorraine voice is gentle but firm. It brooks no argument. Sarah
text: nods slowly. The exertion of the day is starting to show in her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm sorry. You're right.
text: Sarah stands to go and almost falls over. Lorraine reaches out to
dialog: steady her.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I got too much sun yesterday. And
dialog: the rocker ...
text: Sarah trails off. Lorraine smiles curiously -- since when has
dialog: three minutes on a rocker ever made anyone dizzy?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Yeah, it rocks. They're funny that way.
dialog: 57.
text: As sarah heads for the screen door, Lorraine relents.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Look, Sarah ... the door's usually
dialog: open if you want to, you know, check
dialog: on my progress.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Maybe I'll do that. ~
text: And then Sarah's gone.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S BEDROOM
text: sarah is sick in bed. Gayle stands over her, looking at a
dialog: thermometer.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: You've stumped me, Sarah. You've
dialog: got a fever but no flu symptoms.
text: Gayle is a bit unnerved by illness of any kind, but she smiles
text: brightly to hide her discomfort.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: I'm just going in for a half day.
dialog: I'll be back by one.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You'll be okay?
text: Sarah looks like hell. She nods wearily, but stops her mother
text: before she can leave the room
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Did you tell everyone about Harvard?
text: Gayle looks at Sarah strangely, sensing she's not happy about it.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: well, just, you know ... Bill and
dialog: Connie and ... Gladys--
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is there some reason I shouldn't?
dialog: o~
dialog: ul
dialog: a
text: sarah pulls herself up to 4 sitting position.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I’m not sure what I want to do, but
dialog: I need to know I can talk to you
dialog: about it without word ... spreading.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Honey, I’m sorry. I don't understand
dialog: why it bothers you, but if that's
dialog: what you want ...
text: sarah slowly sinks back down to the pillows as Gayle leaves.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S APARTMENT IN CHICAGO ~- DAY
text: Carla answers the RINGING PHONE. Her face falls as she listens.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Dr. Gordon, I'm not gonna tell you
dialog: this again. She's not here and I don't
dialog: know where she is.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT, CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Dr. Gordon is looking at the results of Sarah's tests.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: Look, this is serious. She left
dialog: the hospital without my knowledge.
speaker_heading: ON CARLA:
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: Well if she's mobile, she can't be
dialog: too sick.
scene_heading: ON DR. GORDON:
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: She has leukemia, Ms. Spalding. If
dialog: she doesn't get treatment, she's not
dialog: going to be mobile for long ... or
dialog: breathing for that matter.
speaker_heading: ON CARLA:
text: Dr. Gordon is starting to get through even Carla's attitude.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: These aren't scare tactics, are
dialog: they?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll make some calls.
scene_heading: ON DR. GORDON:
text: He senses this is the most he's. going to get from this tough
dialog: cookie. .
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO SHOP
text: Buddy is working up a sweat as he paints Sarah's car.
text: He steps back and eyes it critically, then removes the protective
text: breathing gear from his face. It's getting there.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - DAY
text: Lorraine has finished the prep work on Sarah's box. She begins the
text: general bodywork by sanding the rough edges.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DRUG STORE
text: Drowning in too-big sweats, a very pale Sarah eyes the shelves of
text: over-the-counter medication. She sneaks a glance at the pharmacist
dialog: doling out prescriptions. :
text: Finally, she grabs a bottie of Aleve, pays for it and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. DRUG STORE
text: Daniel is waiting outside for her in his idling Escort. She climbs
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. ESCORT - MOVING SHOT
text: Daniel looks worriedly at Sarah.
speaker_heading: . DANIEL
dialog: Is this something I'm going to catch?
text: Sarah looks out the window.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Not unless you're cursed by God.
text: sarah is speaking literally, but her tone is light-hearted.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: oh, it's the curse?
dialog: (looks at her
dialog: again)
dialog: shit. I'm glad I'm a guy.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S WORKSHOP —- NIGHT
text: It's late, but Lorraine is still working. She uses a rag to rub
text: oil into the century-old wood of the box, which is starting to
text: take on a gorgeous sheen.
text: She glances out the screen door to the Russell house.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Sarah's face is as white as her sheets. She takes two more of the
text: powerful pain relievers and buries herself under her covers.
text: A soft KNOCK is heard on her door and then her mother's voice.
speaker_heading: GAYLE (0.C.)
dialog: You need anything honey?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: No.
text: But, Sarah's haunted eyes tell a different story.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S WORKSHOP - MORNING
text: Lorraine is just beginning to restore the painted design on the
text: lid of the box.
text: Carrying book bags, Jon and Rick race through the kitchen as they
text: head for the front door.
speaker_heading: JON/RICK
dialog: Bye mom.
text: porraine looks up and smiles, perhaps a bit more animated than
dialog: usual.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Goodbye.
text: " woward walks in from the kitchen, dressed for work and carrying
text: his coffee.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (good-natured)
dialog: Keep that coffee cup a safe distance
dialog: away -
text: Howard sets the cup on Lorraine's desk.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Don't worry. I've been trained by
dialog: the best.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Coaster?
text: Howard LAUGHS and reaches over to place the coffee cup on a
dialog: coaster.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You have paint on your nose.
text: Lorraine pauses to wipe it, spreading more pale green paint on her
text: nose and even getting a smear on her cheek.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Good. You're starting to look like
dialog: the Wicked Witch of the West.
text: Lorraine looks at Howard for a moment, wondering if that's a
text: veiled comment on her attitude. But, his smile is innocent enough.
text: He takes a rag and very carefully wipes the paint off her face.
text: They are very close and we see a brief hint of the chemistry that
dialog: brought these two together.
text: Lorraine steps back awkwardly and the spell is broken.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (taking rag)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Howard stares at the new box as he retrieves his coffee and sips.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: who's this one for?
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Sarah Russell.
text: Howard looks at her and narrows his eyebrows.
speaker_heading: HOWARD .
dialog: Do you realize that‘s the first time
dialog: tive heard you call her "Sarah" in
dialog: twelve years? :
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Well, it is the girl's name.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: I thought ... you didn't want to have
dialog: anything to do with her.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I never said that.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: But--
text: Howard hesitates, but then lets it go. He doesn't really want to
dialog: say "You said it after you demolished the rose bushes". He glances
text: at his watch.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: --you're right and I'm late.
text: He gives her a peck on the cheek and heads out.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Sarah lies in bed reading a thick sheaf of forms printed on
text: Harvard letterhead. Physically, she looks better than yesterday,
dialog: but that isn't saying much.
text: Most of the form's questions are standard information, but one
text: essay question catches her eye:
dialog: “Why do you want to become a doctor?"
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - BASEMENT - FLASHBACK
text: 12-year-old Sarah appears at the top of the basement stairs and
text: sees Jennifer's twisted body lying on the floor.
dialog: 63.
text: She's almost hyperventilating as she races down the stairs and
text: kneels down next to the tiny body. But, there's nothing she can
text: do. CPR won't help. A tourniquet won't help. She's gone.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S BEDROOM
dialog: sarah will never forget the moment of frustrated helplessness that
dialog: established the course of her career.-
text: But, she isn't about to relate that story in answer to the essay
text: question. She runs her hands through her hair as if trying to push
text: the memory out of her head. But, she can't.
text: The phone RINGS and a moment later, Gayle sticks her head in the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Phone for you.
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: It's Buddy.
text: sarah pulls herself together and puts on a happy face for her
dialog: mother .
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Thank you. Why are you whispering?
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: No idea. you feeling better?
text: Sarah nods as she picks up the phone and Gayle discreetly
dialog: retreats.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hello? ,
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Hey. What are you doing later?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I sense a loaded question.
text: sarah's voice is deliberately casual.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: I was either gonna fly to Paris for
dialog: lunch on the Seine or stay in bed
dialog: all day. I can't quite decide.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Great. I'll pick you up at 5.
text: CLICK. He's gone.
dialog: cUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE'S WORKSHOP - AFTERNOON
text: BR KNOCKING is heard at the screen door. Lorraine looks up to see
text: Sarah standing there.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Hi. Come on in.
text: Sarah enters, looking a bit worse for wear, but smiling brightly
dialog: to cover it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I was just on my way .--
dialog: (stops short)
dialog: nowhere so I thought I'd drop by.
text: Sarah admires the work Lorraine has already done on the box.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Sarah. I told you to come by any
dialog: time you wanted.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I thought maybe you were just being
dialog: polite.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Well I think it's been a while since
dialog: anyone has interpreted my behavior
dialog: as “polite”.
text: Sarah starts walking around the workshop as Lorraine continues.
text: Lorraine's voice implies she doesn't care what people think, but
text: Sarah can't help but wonder.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: I’m sure most of the terms people
dialog: use around town are decidedly not
dialog: polite.
text: Unwilling to comment, Sarah examines an old quilt hanging on a
text: quilt-rack. The beautiful antique is composed of thousands of tiny
text: triangles of every sort of material, none larger than a paper
dialog: clip.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Did you make this?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: No. My great-great-great grandmother
dialog: started that in 1855. Everything is
text: hand-stitched.
text: CLOSE ON THE QUILT: Intricate curliques decorate the seams. The
text: amount of work put into it is staggeringly obvious. It's truly a
dialog: work of art.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (disbelieving)
dialog: yeah right. Wouldn't it .-- fall
dialog: apart or something?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Apparently not. I still use it. It
dialog: went to the 1904 World's Fair in St.
dialog: Louis and would have taken the top
dialog: prize if my idiot Aunt Moria hadn‘t
text: machine stitched the border.
speaker_heading: SARAH :
dialog: You shouldn't talk about her like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Why not? Just because she was born
dialog: a hundred years ago doesn’t mean.
dialog: she had the wisdom of the ages.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Everyone makes mistakes.
text: Sarah looks up quickly at that ... ‘is it directed towards her?
text: Lorraine's face betrays nothing.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Would you ever consider selling it?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Impossible. It's been passed down '
dialog: through the women in my family for
dialog: five generations--
text: Lorraine stops abruptly as she realizes that she has no daughter
text: to pass it on to. Sarah realizes at the same time.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm gonna go. I mean,
dialog: I've got to go ... something to go
dialog: to. Maybe tomorrow, I can help ...
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSICAL AMPHITHEATER - DUSK
text: Buddy and Sarah sit on a blanket as the small town orchestra warms
text: up before playing their program of classical music. Fireflies
text: provide mood lighting as the sun prepares to set.
text: It's a gorgeous evening on the brink of summer.
text: Buddy unpacks a picnic hamper: wine, cheese, bread, fruit. Sarah
text: can't suppress a smile as she watches Buddy's efforts. The goal is
text: definitely to impress Sarah.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Granted it isn't lunch on the Seine ...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's trés continental.
dialog: (notices something)
dialog: I can't believe they carry paté
text: at the Stanton IGA.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I had to go to Alton for that.
text: Buddy tries to uncork the wine, but only manages to break the cork
text: halfway, sealing the wine in the bottle forever.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Ten points for trying.
text: He pulls two cold beers out of the ‘hamper. Sarah LAUGHS as he
text: hands her one.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So ... what was it that was so
dialog: important? Why was I meeting you
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: To celebrate.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: To celebraaate ... what?
text: Buddy pauses to think.
dialog: €7.
speaker_heading: ~~ BUDDY
dialog: Memorial Day.
dialog: (decisively)
dialog: yep. Monday's Memorial Day.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Definite cause for celebration.
speaker_heading: BUDDY -
dialog: Okay ... how about your triumphant
dialog: return?
text: : He raises his beer to toast her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (ironic, to herself)
dialog: you were closer with Memorial Day.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I said ... salud!
text: ”~ she clinks bottles with him.
dialog: LATER ...-
text: The orchestra plays surprisingly well. In a small town, there's
text: plenty of time to practice. A lilting Brahm's melody is putting
text: everyone in the mood.
text: Buddy reaches over tentatively and takes Sarah's hand. He pulls
text: her closer and kisses her softly. Electricity is in the air. Sarah
text: has to make a real effort to retain her composure.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: you have created a situation that
text: 4s simultaneously very cheesy and
text: ineredibly romantic.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How do you do that?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: You inspire me to push the boundaries
dialog: of the imagination.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: oo I do, huh?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: oh yeah. In fact, if you knew how |
dialog: long I've been imagining a scenario
dialog: like this ...
text: Sarah laughs as she returns his very direct gaze.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well, I don't know if I've ever
dialog: inspired anyone bef--"
text: Buddy cuts her off with a kiss both passionate and sweet.
dialog: ‘nough talking.
scene_heading: INT, LORRAINE'S WORKSHOP - DAY
text: Sarah sits next to a wooden chair, diligently sanding one leg.
text: Lorraine has given her a practice piece, but she may be regretting
text: the impulse. She looks over at Sarah and sighs.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Sarah, you're making a gallant
dialog: effort, but...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But what?
text: sarah's enthusiasm makes it difficult to criticize.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Lemme see that.
text: sarah grins as she steps’ back to let Lorraine see the chair.
text: They both realize that the leg she has been sanding is now much
text: skinnier than the others. Sarah is humiliated but Lorraine smiles
text: encouragingly. .
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: You've got the right idea. Just don't
dialog: think about it so much.
text: Sarah furrows her brow, not quite getting it.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: Sanding is like sex. It's all in
dialog: the rhythms.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Gee. Those are two worlds I never
dialog: thought would collide.
text: Lorraine smiles. Sarah stands up, holding the small of her back.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: you're pretty young to have a bad
dialog: back. :
text: sarah smiles and tries to cover the very real pain.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: {Light )
dialog: This is what a desk job does to you.
text: Sarah goes to the closet where Lorraine keeps supplies for a fresh
text: piece of sandpaper. Inside, she finds the cradle hidden under a
text: pile of old blankets and bends down to examine it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hey, what's-- Is this the famous
dialog: cradle that started the business?
text: Lorraine NOTICES and the mood darkens.
speaker_heading: . LORRAINE
dialog: Just let that be.
text: Lorraine's voice is sharper than she intended it to be. Sarah
text: stands, unsure what she did wrong.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I‘m- I'm sorry.
text: Lorraine doesn't say anything, but Sarah notices that her hands
text: are shaking. Sarah looks closely at the cradle and remembers whose
dialog: it was. :
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (gently)
dialog: you really shouldn't let that sit
dialog: unused.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Why? You planning on having a baby?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (wincing)
dialog: No. I'm not going to have any.
text: Lorraine eyes Sarah strangely, perhaps picking up on something in
text: her voice that everyone else has been ignoring.
text: But, her building anger is overwhelming her concern.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: you're awfully young to be making
dialog: a statement like that.
text: Lorraine goes back to the detailed painting, but her hands are
text: still shaking. She messes up.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Godammit! Look at that.
text: sarah grabs the paint thinner. She dabs some on the end of what
text: looks like a long q-tip.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Here.
text: sarah holds the swab out to Lorraine.
text: But, Lorraine's shaking has increased. Sarah looks at her,
text: guessing what's really wrong, but unable to fix it.
text: Slowly, Lorraine lowers her face into her hands and SOBS.
text: After several moments, Lorraine looks up at Sarah and examines her
text: face, looking deep into her eyes.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (finally)
dialog: What are you doing here Sarah?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I... you're making me--
text: she gestures to the box -- the self-evident answer.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I thought I could do this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When you walked in that door last
dialog: week, I thought maybe you'd finally
dialog: come to apologize for what happened.
scene_heading: EXT. MORRISEY HOUSE
text: Howard pulls in the driveway. He gets out of the car and walks in
text: the front door.
scene_heading: INT, MORRISEY HOUSE - KITCHEN
text: Howard walks in and hears Lorraine's voice raised in the workshop.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE 'S WORKSHOP
text: Lorraine has taken the swab and dabs at the mistake, struggling to
text: remain calm. It's a losing battle.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE .
dialog: But, you're just making it worse.
text: Sarah's voice struggles to stay even.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Lorraine angrily throws the swab to the ground.
speaker_heading: _ LORRAINE
dialog: (voice cracking)
dialog: Is that supposed to help? Why didn't
dialog: you just-- Why weren't you there? Why
dialog: didn't you stop her? Her neck was ...
dialog: broken. No one that little should
dialog: hurt like that. She was a baby. You
dialog: have to watch them.
text: Sarah's cool facade shows signs of eracking.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I did. I tried.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: We left you in charge. You were
dialog: responsible!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: I'm sorry. .
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: sorry? You keep saying that like it
dialog: means something. That doesn't change--
text: A harsh voice of reason interrupts Lorraine's hysterics.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (0.C.)
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Lorraine, stop it.
text: Startled, Lorraine and Sarah look up to see Howard, who has
dialog: entered unnoticed.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (a plea)
dialog: But, she's got to tell me why.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: , No Lorraine.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: If I just understood why--
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: What? It would all be okay? You'd
dialog: be a whole person? We'd be a normal
dialog: , family again?
text: Howard rips his coat off and throws it over a chair. There is an
text: rs ember of frustration that’s been smoldering in Howard for years.
text: Now it's igniting.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (cont. }
dialog: you know, Lorraine, for twelve years,
dialog: every look you gave me said “Why
dialog: didn't you fix the latch on the
dialog: , basement door like you promised you
dialog: : would?".
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ao Every look you gave the boys said
dialog: “why did you fight and distract
dialog: Sarah?"
text: This information is a revelation to Lorraine.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: No. I never ...
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Don't you think I've been hurting?
dialog: or the boys? We miss her every day.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There are no answers for your “why"'s
dialog: Lorraine. Bad things happen to good
dialog: people. All the time. It's no one's
dialog: fault.
text: Howard is getting through to Lorraine. For once, she's able to put
text: her own sorrow aside and see another point-of-view.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I hurt the boys?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: o~ yeah. They used to have a mother.
dialog: They really liked her too.
text: The screen door, caught by the wind, SLAMS behind Sarah, who has
dialog: left unnoticed.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: : (quietly)
dialog: Everyone used to like her.
text: after a moment, Howard runs out after Sarah.
scene_heading: EXT. MORRISEY HOUSE ~ FRONT YARD
text: sarah is running across the street towards her house. Howard YELLS
dialog: after her. .
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Sarah! Wait!
text: garah doesn't slow and Howard runs after her.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSELL HOUSE ~ FRONT YARD
text: Howard reaches Sarah and stops her from entering her house. When
text: ~~ she turns, he sees that the dam has finally burst and she can't
dialog: stop crying.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I didn't go back over! she came
dialog: to my door. And I was-- she was
dialog: so happy that she came across the
dialog: street. I didn't ask her-- I never
dialog: meant ..-
text: sarah SOBS uncontrollably. Howard hugs her to him and tries to
dialog: comfort her.
speaker_heading: . HOWARD
dialog: Oh God, Sarah. I wasn't gonna yell
dialog: at you. I know it's not your fault.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (muffled, into
dialog: his shirt)
dialog: But, it is. I have proof.
text: He holds her face so she can see how serious he is.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: None of it is your fault. Okay?
text: Howard isn't satisfied until sarah meets his eyes and nods almost
text: imperceptibly.
dialog: 74.
text: Howard suddenly realizes the intimacy of their situation there on
text: the front yard. He draws his hands back and laughs self-
dialog: consciously-
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: She actually walked across the
dialog: street?
text: sarah's breath hitches in her throat as she struggles to regain
text: her usually-impregnable composure.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: We went downtown too.
text: Howard's face fills with amazement.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: She didn't say a word to me.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: t think she's still getting her ...
text: sea legs.
text: Howard turns to walk back to his house, but gets in one last
dialog: parting shot.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Well, if that's the fault of anyone
dialog: we know ... tell her "thank you".
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: It looks like the cover of a 1970's-era Milton Bradley game. Phil,
text: Gayle, Daniel and Sarah sit at a rumpus room card table playing
text: Scrabble. Sarah takes her turn. .
dialog: she's had a hell of a day, feels like shit and isn't really
dialog: concentrating. .
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Sarah, are you losing your edge?
dialog: You've never left me a triple
dialog: word score in your life.
text: Phil starts to place tiles when Buddy appears at the door and
text: walks halfway down the stairs.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Hi. Sorry to interrupt. I knocked
dialog: on the door, but ...
dialog: 75.
text: Everyone GREETS Buddy. Though obviously not prepared to deal with
text: this, Sarah gets up and follows Buddy out.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSELL HOUSE - FRONT YARD - NIGHT
text: Sarah's car gleams like a newly-minted dime in the harsh glare of
text: the street lamp.
text: she walks all around it in wonder. She points to another place on
dialog: her car. :
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You fixed the--
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: It was no problem. I mean I was
dialog: just working away and figured I'd
dialog: do it right.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: Buddy can't help but notice sarah's fatigue.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Hey, are you okay?
text: Sarah looks at Buddy'and knows then and there ... he loves her and
dialog: it’s an impossible situation.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: of course.
text: She hands him a check with a polite little smile.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thank you, Henry.
text: Buddy hesitates, unsure why she seems to be giving him the brush-
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cold)
dialog: I'm sorry, do you need that in cash?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: No, this is fine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: why do I suddenly want you to call
dialog: me Buddy again?
text: Sarah shrugs. Her cold shoulder is hard to miss, but Buddy tries
dialog: anyway. ,
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I was gonna see if you wanted to--
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: t don't think we can do this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm seeing someone in the city. We'll
dialog: probably be engaged by Christmas. I
dialog: just don't want to ... mess anything
dialog: up, you know?
text: Buddy is floored. It takes a moment for him to take it all in.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I see. So somewhere along the line, I
dialog: went from being a "romantic" to being
dialog: a “mess”. And you just remembered this
dialog: “someone” now?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy ... you and I had a couple
dialog: beers together. That's it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: yeah, sure. I was just--
dialog: Buddy doesn't know what he was just--
text: Angry and frustrated, he turns to leave and remembers that he
text: drove Sarah's car over. He was obviously going to ask her for a
dialog: ride home.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: you're right. I guess I let my
dialog: imagination get the best of me.
dialog: (angry)
dialog: or maybe I just imagined what's
dialog: best in you.
text: As Buddy walks down the street heading for home, he misses the
text: look on Sarah's face. The look that says “Come back".
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT, MORRISEY HOUSE - WORKSHOP
text: Her hair still wet from a shower, Lorraine watches them from her
text: screen door. She sees Sarah's look and recognizes it. It's the
text: look she's been hiding from her own husband for twelve years as
text: she's pushed him farther and farther away.
text: some people have soap operas; Lorraine has Sarah and Buddy.
dialog: 77.
text: As Lorraine turns from the window, she just catches the tail end
text: of a conversation in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JON (0.C.)
dialog: Sectionals tomorrow, dad. We're
text: playing Roxana at 4:00.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (0.C.)
dialog: They still got Harding?
speaker_heading: JON (0.C.)
dialog: Nah. He graduated, but their new
dialog: shortstop’s a demon.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (0.C.)
dialog: I'll get there as soon as I can.
dialog: Try to save the major ass-kicking
dialog: for the later innings.
text: Lorraine smiles and she can almost hear Jon smiling as he replies.
speaker_heading: JON (0.C.)
dialog: sorry. I kick ass at will. G ‘night.
text: Jon's face appears in the doorway. He speaks tentatively, unsure
text: of her mood. He obviously knows better than to invite her to the
dialog: game. .
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Night, mom.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Lorraine sits back down to work. Sarah's box is almost done. After
text: a moment, Howard appears at the door, watching her work.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Hi. I'm going to bed.
text: Howard walks over to kiss her goodnight. Lorraine hesitates, then
text: turns the chaste kiss into a real one. Howard breathes in the
text: scent of her freshly-washed hair and is surprised to find himself
text: aroused. Lorraine rinses her paintbrush.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I'll go with you.
text: Howard is a bit stunned to say the least. He gestures to the box.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Are you done with that?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: For now. Unless you want to stand
dialog: here, hold hands and watch the paint
dialog: dry.
text: Howard stares at his wife as if he doesn't quite recognize her.
text: Slowly and very deliberately, she takes his face in her hands and
text: kisses him thoroughly.
text: He tentatively touches her back, trailing his fingers along her
text: jawline as he kisses her.
dialog: They're like teenagers discovering the magic of sexual attraction
text: for the first time. She leads him inside the house and down the
text: hall to their bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM
text: The bed is pleasantly rumpled. Howard lies back and pulis Lorraine
text: to him tightly. She fits perfectly in the crook of his arm.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: God, you feel good. I can't remember-~
text: He stops himself abruptly.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Go ahead, say it. The last time we
dialog: made love.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: No, I remember. I think Reagan was
dialog: President.
text: They laugh and kiss lingeringly.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Howard, I know sometimes I make you
dialog: crazy, but ... you know I still love
dialog: you, don't you?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (wicked)
dialog: Well, if I didn't before ...
text: Howard props himself up on an elbow and looks at his wife's face.
text: He runs a finger down her jawline, seemingly mesmerized by her.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (suddenly serious)
dialog: Yeah ... I guess I do.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. STANTON HIGH SCHOOL - BASEBALL DIAMOND
text: A high school paseball game is in full swing. Jon plays third base
dialog: for the Stanton Bulldogs.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL PARKING LOT
text: Lorraine gets out of her car and follows the sound of bats
text: CRACKING against balls and the ROAR of spectators.
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL DIAMOND - BLEACHERS
text: several spectators do doubletakes as Lorraine sits down on the
text: bleachers. She smiles at them before turning her attention to the
dialog: game.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GAME:
text: The game is heating up. There's a runner on second as Jon steps up
dialog: to bat for Stanton.
text: He hits a long hard fly to center. The fielder can't get to it.
text: The runner makes it home as Jon is rounding third. The crowd is
text: going wild. Lorraine is standing and clapping with the rest of
dialog: them.
text: The ball flies back into the infield and the shortstop snags it.
text: Jon is trapped between third and home. He turns and seems to have
text: every intention of returning to third. The COACH there claps his
dialog: encouragement.
text: But then Jon fakes out the shortstop, turning tail as soon as he
text: throws to third. Jon pulls out all the stops and ... SLIDES into
text: home as the ball sails to the catcher. It's close. But, the ump
text: rules "SAFE". The Stanton team members ROAR their approval along
dialog: with the home crowd. .
text: But, Jon isn't basking in the adulation of his team. From the dirt
text: at home base, he spots Lorraine. He stands up slowly, his amazed
text: eyes locked with hers.
text: Lorraine continues to CLAP. Jon slowly smiles as he dusts off his
text: knees and gives her a tiny wave of acknowledgement. She nods her
dialog: head.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LORRAINE:
text: Lorraine slowly sits down, energized by the game, being outside,
text: pleasing her son and just plain living again.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey lady. Could you make room?
dialog: 80.
text: Lorraine looks up to see Howard smiling down at her. Rick is with
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: sorry. No room. But maybe ...
text: Lorraine pats her lap invitingly. Howard LAUGHS as he and Rick
text: squeeze onto the bleacher seat next to her.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I'm afraid there's some bad news.
text: Howard's smile fades. What now?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: our son has been kicking ass without
dialog: you.
text: Lorraine kisses Howard lightly. He takes her hand.
dialog: LATER ...-
text: The game is over. Howard and Rick are heading down to the field to
text: congratulate Jon. They look back at Lorraine expectantly.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You coming?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I need to go by the library before
text: they close. They're holding a book
dialog: on Eastern European Folk Art for me.
text: Howard raises his eyebrows. Huh?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: I need to check the colors for
text: Sarah's box.
dialog: {beat, to Rick)
dialog: I was hoping maybe you could drive
dialog: me.
text: Rick hesitates. If this is a test, he's not sure what he's
text: supposed to say. He looks to Howard, who shrugs.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: I could do that.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (smiles brightly)
dialog: Great.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: SARAH THROWING UP VIOLENTLY.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC RESTROOM
text: Sarah is bent over the toilet. ‘when she wipes her mouth, we see a
text: trace of blood.
text: sarah exits the stall and washes her face at the sink. She pauses
text: to take a few deep breaths before exiting.
scene_heading: INT. STANTON PUBLIC LIBRARY ~ DAY
text: As Sarah walks out of the restroom, an elderly MAN looks up from
text: his reading carrel. He obviously heard her. She catches him
text: staring at her, but he doesn't look away. Sarah tries to smile
text: reassuringly, but it just doesn't look right on her too-pale face.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMPUTER SCREEN:
text: Information on leukemia scrolls up on the computerized library
text: catalogue. Sarah writes down call numbers on a scrap of paper.
speaker_heading: AT A TABLE:
text: Sarah drops several books on a table. She sits down and is quickly
text: engrossed.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (0.C.)
dialog: Well hello.
text: Sarah SLAMS the book closed and covers it with her backpack as she
text: turns to see Lorraine standing behind her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hello.
text: There is a new tension here. Lorraine assumes it's from their last
text: encounter. She pulls one of the books out from under the bag.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: What're you reading?
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Coping With Cancer.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Research. one of the essay questions
dialog: for my Harvard follow-up. You know ...
dialog: what's my chosen area of expertise--
dialog: 
dialog: 82.
text: Lorraine nods her head as Sarah stops abruptly, nervously
text: realizing she's giving more information than she needs to.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Sarah is desperate to deflect attention anywhere else than on her.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Well, it's research for your box.
text: sarah starts piling her books together and glances at the door.
text: Lorraine misinterprets Sarah's nervousness a5 hostility.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
speaker_heading: “(cont., ool)
dialog: I'm sorry. I wasn't aware this was
dialog: your personal library.
text: Lorraine catches herself and curbs her hostile response.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. }
dialog: Sarah, the last thing I want to do
dialog: is fight with you.
text: Sarah fidgets, increasingly uncomfortable. she quickly gathers up
text: all of the books and stuffs them in her backpack.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I think you were right all along.
dialog: This isn't a good idea.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I never wanted to make you feel bad.
dialog: I'll just send Daniel over to get
dialog: the box ... when it's done.
text: Sarah voice trails off. She zips her backpack ¢losed and leaves
text: before Lorraine can even reply. Lorraine stares after her,
text: completely confused.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WILLOUGHBY'S - EVENING
text: It's still too early for this place to be crowded. Buddy stands up
text: and motions Daniel over to his table.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Hey ... thanks for coming.
text: Daniel sits down across from Buddy. They eye each other awkwardly.
dialog: oo
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: So, what's up?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Just thought we could catch up.
text: Buddy motions to the WAITRESS.
speaker_heading: “BUDDY -
dialog: can we get a pitcher of Bud?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: can I see some ID?
text: Buddy and Daniel pull driver's licenses out of their wallets.
text: The waitress looks at the ID's. As she walks away, Daniel sees
text: Buddy's old fake license in his wallet and LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: ' Ah, ye olde fake license. Why haven't
dialog: you thrown this away or passed it on
dialog: 1 to some deserving high schooler?
dialog: rt
speaker_heading: ‘ BUDDY
dialog: (taking license)
dialog: It's a priceless symbol of my
dialog: adolescence.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: It's so bad. I still can't figure out
dialog: how it worked so well all those years.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: How many times do I have to tell you?
dialog: Using "Morton" as my first name always
dialog: got me sympathy and sympathy made me
dialog: less suspicious.
text: Daniel nods wisely.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: As if the name "Buddy" doesn't get
dialog: you enough sympathy.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Oooh. Touché.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: oo A few pitchers later. It’s apparent these guys have gotten drunk
dialog: together many times over the years. They pour ‘em and throw ‘em
text: back with practiced ease.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: so ... you seein’ anybody?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I dated this one girl, Heidi, last
dialog: semester, but then she joined a
dialog: sorority and went psycho on me.
text: Buddy nods as if he knows what that means.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (casual)
dialog: Nobody steady.
text: paniel stares at Buddy unflinchingly.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: okay, fine. Nobody at all.
text: paniel bursts out LAUGHING. Buddy joins him.
speaker_heading: a BUDDY
dialog: so that's pretty exciting about
dialog: Sarah.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Buddy, you find Sarah's right instep
dialog: exciting. You're gonna have to be
dialog: more specific.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: Oh, you mean Harvard.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: No ... I meant her being engaged.
text: Daniel spits out the swallow of beer he just downed and COUGHS.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: What ... are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You didn't know?
text: paniel is processing Sarah's strange behavior from the last couple
text: of days and her evasive answers to his questions. It's all making
text: sense now. Or at least it seems to.
speaker_heading: oo DANIEL
dialog: Of course I knew. I just didn't
dialog: know you knew ... too. (MORE )
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (CONT. )
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: so what else do you want to know
dialog: about Sarah? If you print up a
dialog: questionnaire , LT could take it home
dialog: and ask her to fill it out.
text: Buddy stands up and almost falls over.
speaker_heading: “BUDDY
dialog: tr don't know what the hell your
dialog: problem is. You're the one who
dialog: stopped talking to me.
text: Daniel attempts to stand up, but weaves in mid-air and sits back
text: down heavily.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: I did not.
text: seeing that Daniel isn't rising to the challenge, Buddy drops back
text: down to his own seat.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: you just love that you have Sarah
dialog: as an excuse to turn it around.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: oh, if I've got Sarah, you've got
dialog: your dad. You're the one who backed
dialog: out of school the day before we
dialog: were supposed to leave.
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Left me in a fucking empty dorm
dialog: room. It was embarrassing.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I told you I couldn't leave my dad
text: just then. The man had a heart
dialog: attack.
speaker_heading: . DANIEL
dialog: your dad's fine. You were just too
text: scared to leave.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I was not. He just asked me to wait.
text: They stare at each other defiantly for a minute, then realization
text: dawns on Daniel's face.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: You mean you--?
dialog: 86.
text: Buddy throws an envelope with the “university of Illinois" logo on
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Just got word today.
dialog: {beat)
dialog: junior college credits are good.
dialog: tim officially a sophomore in the
dialog: Fall.
dialog: paniel takes a minute +o process this.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: go ... I guess you're gonna need
dialog: an experienced upperclassman to
dialog: show you around.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, I'd prefer you, but ..-
text: Buddy raises his glass as if to toast.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Friends?
text: paniel hesitates, but smiles reluctantly as he raises his glass
text: and CLINKS it with Buddy's.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (yes)
dialog: Never.
text: Buddy smiles in response.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY STORE - DAY
text: paniel and Sarah are filling their cart with party platters, cases
text: of soda, bags of chips and assorted barbeque sundries.
speaker_heading: . SARAH
dialog: jell me again why we're having a
text: Memorial Day barbeque.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Beats me. Mom invited all her clients
dialog: and I think dad just likes an excuse
dialog: to drink before five.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Well now I'm giddy with anticipation.
dialog: ee
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (slyly)
dialog: So ... I hear you're engaged.
text: Sarah is completely confused until she makes the mental
dialog: connections.
speaker_heading: _ SARAH
dialog: Ahh ... you and Buddy are friends
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: When were we not?
text: She rolls her eyes at this.
speaker_heading: SARAHB
dialog: I'm glad.
text: Sarah pushes the cart to the vegetable section and eyes the carrot
dialog: and celery selection.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: your intense crudite scrutiny will
dialog: not deter me from the still-unanswered
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Glad to hear your rhetoric class
dialog: has paid off.
text: Daniel gives Sarah some intense scrutiny of his own.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (suspicions confirmed)
dialog: You're not getting married. You're
dialog: just blowing my best friend off.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm living my life Daniel. If Buddy
dialog: isn't a part of it, well ... are
dialog: you really that surprised?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: No. If you actually let someone be a
dialog: part of it ... then I'd be surprised.
text: The truth of that comment stings Sarah.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. DANIEL'S FORD - MOVING SHOT
text: The groceries are bagged in the back as they drive home.
text: Sarah eyes the worn-out upholstery. The engine noise is deafening.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I hate to say it, but this car is
dialog: not gonna get you through four
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Well, that's the difference between
dialog: us ... I'm an optimist.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm an opti-- I can see the good
dialog: in... things.
text: Daniel is skeptical, but he tries to nod encouragingly.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Good. Hold that thought.
text: Daniel pulls into the driveway of their house and Sarah instantly
text: understands what he's talking about.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSELL HOUSE - DAY
text: A huge banner is draped across the front of the house:
scene_heading: “CONGRATULATIONS SARAH -- OUR LOSS IS HARVARD'S GAIN".
text: People fill the front lawn, drinking from paper cups and chatting.
text: No one pays any attention as Daniel and Sarah start to get out of
text: the car, but then Phil and Gayle walk out the door and notice
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Oh shit. Hey everybody ... 1-2-3.
text: The milling people notice Sarah and try to recover the element of:
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Surprise!
text: Sarah glares at obvious-accomplice Daniel and tries to smile
dialog: brightly.
speaker_heading: SARAR
dialog: Wow ... this is great.
dialog: 89.
dialog: No it isn't.
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSELL HOUSE - DAY
text: As Daniel unloads the groceries, Phil and Gayle lead sarah around
text: to say "hi" to everyone. Sarah is doing a slow boil, but hides it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (aside to Gayle)
dialog: Mom, we really should have talked
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Well that would have ruined the
dialog: surprise, honey.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: come on, Sarah. Even you have to
dialog: appreciate the comedic irony of
dialog: grocery shopping for your own
dialog: surprise party.
text: True enough. The buffet tables are now covered with the party
text: platters and supplies that Daniel and Sarah bought.
text: Gayle pulls Sarah aside to speak confidentially.
speaker_heading: GAYLE :
dialog: Did you and Buddy have a fight? I
dialog: had to practically drag him to the
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Mom, you didn't ...
speaker_heading: BUDDY (0.C.)
dialog: Hi Sarah.
text: Sarah turns to face Buddy. He hesitantly hands her a smail gift-
text: wrapped package.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hi...
dialog: {taking package)
dialog: ++. you didn't have to--
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Your mother was nice enough to
dialog: invite me ...
dialog: Read: I'm sorry. This isn't my fault. I couldn't get out of it.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: ... but, I've really got to get back
text: to the station.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Oh Buddy, you can't be serious. You
dialog: just got here.
speaker_heading: ” BUDDY.
dialog: No, really. A lot of boaters are
text: heading up to the lake for the
dialog: weekend.
dialog: (beat, to Sarah)
dialog: I gotta sell ‘em gas.
text: Buddy obviously thinks his gas jockey status contributed to her
dialog: rejection of him.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Daniel tells me you're joining him
dialog: up at U of I in the Fall.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah, I thought I might.
text: Sarah is surprised by this ... and that Buddy didn't tell her.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy that's great.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah, well ... great.
dialog: (awkward beat)
dialog: Goodbye Sarah.
text: He makes a hasty retreat.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: It's later in the day. Sarah is playing a game of jarts with
text: Daniel, Susan and her husband JEFF. She stops when she sees
text: Lorraine crossing the street with a determined stride.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'll be back.
text: Sarah runs to intercept Lorraine, who looks like she's been up all
text: night. Her gaze bores into Sarah's.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: You're sick, aren't you?
text: Sarah looks around quickly to make sure no one can hear them.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont., softer)
dialog: What is it? Hodgkins?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (glibly)
dialog: Maybe I'm just pregnant.
speaker_heading: ‘LORRAINE
dialog: No, you're not gonna have any kids,
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm fine. Just leave me alone.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
text: Headaches, backaches, dizziness.
dialog: Probably worse symptoms you're not
dialog: gonna tell me about.
text: Sarah stays silent.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: You haven't told anyone, have you?
text: Sarah stares at the grass at her feet.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It's leukemia.
text: Sarah seems relieved that someone else finally knows. Lorraine
text: nods, simultaneously satisfied and horrified that her suspicions
dialog: are confirmed.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Why on earth would you want to go
dialog: through something like this alone?
text: norraine's confusion turns into yet another realization.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: Sarah ... you can't think that you
dialog: deserve this.
text: The compassion in Lorraine's voice is too much. Sarah's eyes are
text: welling up with tears. But she can't let herself break down in
text: front of everyone.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (willing her to stop)
dialog: Lorraine, I can‘t do this ... now.
dialog: 92.
text: But, Lorraine can't let it go.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (bare whisper}
dialog: you do think you deserve it, don't
dialog: you?
text: sarah's eyes meet Lorraine's. That's exactly what she thinks.
text: The tension is broken when Phil TAPS a glass loudly.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hey! Can I have your attention for
dialog: a minute.
text: The crowd quiets down. As Daniel walks over and pulls her towards
text: Phil, Sarah's eyes swear Lorraine to secrecy.
text: Phil drapes his arm around Sarah proudly.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: First of all, thanks to everyone for
dialog: coming by and helping us celebrate.
text: Gayle steps out of the house with a plate of burgers for the
text: grill. She quickly puts it down and joins Phil and Sarah.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: since Sarah's mother and I believe
dialog: that nothing but the best will do,
dialog: we're sending her to Harvard. There
dialog: will be sacrifices ... we'll be moving
dialog: into our son Daniel's dorm and selling
dialog: our house so if anyone wants to make a
dialog: bid today, just talk to Gayle.
text: The crowd LAUGHS on cue.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: okay, we can't hide the fact that
dialog: we're incredibly proud of our daughter.
dialog: She's not only the first Russell to
dialog: go to Harvard, I believe she's also
dialog: the first Stanton resident to go.
text: The crowd CHEERS loyally.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: So ... to Sarah.
dialog: 93.
text: He and Gayle raise their glasses.
speaker_heading: GAYLE .
dialog: We're sending Harvard our first and
dialog: our best.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (mock outrage)
dialog: Hey!!
text: Everyone LAUGHS and drinks. Sarah gives a weak smile.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - LATER THAT DAY
text: Daniel finishes telling Sarah a joke as they walk in the front
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Gayle is hanging up the phone with a devastated expression on her
text: face as Lorraine walks in from the back door.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Gayle, Phil wanted me to tell you
dialog: he needs more ice--
text: She stops. when she sees the look on Gayle's face.
text: Daniel and Sarah are still LAUGHING at the punchline to his joke
text: when they enter the kitchen from the other direction. Gayle looks
text: at them with tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Mom, what is it?
text: Gayle is staring at Sarah, who is conspicuously silent.
speaker_heading: GAYLE :
dialog: Why don't you ask your sister?
text: Daniel looks from Gayle to Sarah, clueless. Sarah glares at
text: Lorraine in disbelief.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Lorraine)
dialog: What gives you the right--
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Carla just called. You got another
dialog: important phone call ... from a Dr.
dialog: Gordon.
text: The dam of Gayie's grief and anger bursts.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (loud)
dialog: What the hell kind of game are you
dialog: playing Sarah? I mean, what were you
dialog: gonna do ... just die in your room?
dialog: Let me find out later that you were
dialog: sick?
speaker_heading: “DANIEL
dialog: Mom, she was just--
text: Gayle turns on Daniel angrily.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: She's got leukemia, Daniel ... and
dialog: I guess she just didn't feel like
dialog: telling us.
text: Daniel turns to stare at Sarah, hoping she will deny it.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Sarah ...?
text: sarah wishes she could just disappear into the linoleum. Finally:
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: It sounds like you got the full
dialog: report, Mom. I'd appreciate it if
dialog: you didn't announce it to the party
dialog: guests.
text: Gayle stares at Sarah in shock, amazed by her emotionless tone.
text: Then more tumblers click into place as she looks at Lorraine and
text: realizes that she knew.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You couldn’t teil your own mother,
dialog: but you told her?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I... figured it out.
text: Though it isn't there, Gayle hears another accusation -- why
dialog: didn't she pick up on the signs and figure it out?
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: {to Sarah)
dialog: Are you trying to hurt me?
dialog: 95.
text: Gayle's tears start up again as she crosses the floor and hugs her
dialog: daughter tightly.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Don't ... don't.
dialog: We're not sure what Gayle is telling Sarah not to do. Don't hurt
text: her? Don't die? Sarah pats her mother's back and locks eyes with
dialog: Lorraine. This is why she didn't want to tell anyone.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. GORDON'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Phil, Gayle, Daniel and Sarah sit in Dr. Gordon's office.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: I persuaded my mother not to tell
dialog: anyone about my illness, but had to
dialog: agree to go back to Dr. Gordon ...
dialog: who really didn't have anything new
dialog: to say.
text: Dr. Gordon has just finished explaining the results of Sarah's
dialog: tests in layman's terms.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: So ... what do we do now? Is there
dialog: treatment? Chemotherapy? What?
text: Sarah barely appears to be listening to this discussion about her
text: future. Dr. Gordon is baffled by her behavior. He has to
text: deliberately pull his attention back to Gayle.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: yes, of course. We have an excellent
dialog: chemo program. Once the disease goes
dialog: into remission, depending on the
dialog: patient's status, we look at the
dialog: options: radiotherapy, bone marrow
text: transplant, an umbilical cord blood
dialog: trans--
text: Dr. Gordon stops abruptly and looks at Sarah. He turns to Phil and
dialog: Gayle.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: May I speak to you two outside?
text: pr. Gordon leads a confused Phil and Gayle into the hall.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: _ INT, CHICAGO MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - HALLWAY
text: pr. Gordon can't contain his curiosity.
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: It just hit me that ..- Sarah doesn't
dialog: seem to care whether she lives or
dialog: dies. Can you shed any light?
speaker_heading: ‘GAYLE -
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: What? Doesn't ca--
speaker_heading: DR. GORDON
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Mrs. Russell, there's no time here
dialog: for hurt feelings or indignation. I'm
dialog: sorry, but you have to be frank with
dialog: me. Sarah may need a psychiatrist as
dialog: well ag a doctor right now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Has she been acting strangely?
text: Depressed, suicidal, feelings of rage,
dialog: guilt, hopelessness?
speaker_heading: pie GAYLE
dialog: Well, she doesn't really--
dialog: (glances at Phil)
dialog: Sarah's always been a quiet girl.
text: Phil ignores Gayle's look.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Dr. Gordon, Sarah hasn't always
dialog: been the way she is.
text: Phil hesitates. He doesn‘t want to go into this, but he knows it's
text: important. Dr. Gordon nods for him to continue.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: about twelve years ago while she
dialog: was babysitting for the family
dialog: across the street ..-
text: pr. Gordon listens carefully as Phil tells the story.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO - SARAH'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: wo sarah is packing books from a modular shelf into cardboard boxes.
text: Carla sits nearby tapping out a new melody on her keyboard.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: How the hell was I supposed to know
dialog: you hadn't told your mother? I just
dialog: said I was sorry you were sick and ..-
text: Carla trails off lamely. Sarah doesn't say anything as she flips
text: through a stack of CD's, pulling out several and throwing them in
dialog: the box.
speaker_heading: “CARLA.
dialog: qcont.)
dialog: I mean that's one fucked up home
dialog: life. I thought that's why you went
dialog: pack ..- you Know ... the whole
dialog: chicken soup, mom's-comforting-paw-
dialog: on-your-brow kinda thing.
text: sarah exits into her bedroom and returns ina moment with two
text: large suitcases.
text: paniel enters the apartment, smiles awkwardly at Carla and takes
text: the suitcases for Sarah, who lifts the box and starts to follow
text: him out the door.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: so Lyle is gonna move in, but I
dialog: don't know if he has any cash.
dialog: (petulant)
dialog: You are still responsible for your
dialog: half of the rent until December you
dialog: know.
text: Sarah turns at the door.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'll be sure to make a note in my
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: (rolling her eyes)
dialog: oh, sure, Sarah ... be like that.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: carla ... it's so ironic. I don't
dialog: Know where you got this idea that
dialog: my life is so perfect. But, I wish
dialog: you'd get over it and just ... well,
dialog: you don't have to be my friend ...
dialog: it's a little late for that, but--
text: Carla walks to Sarah and takes the heavy box out of her arms.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: sarah ... I just wanted you to talk
dialog: to me like a normal person. Like I
dialog: was here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What you just said was great. very
dialog: pitchy. Lots of potential.
text: sarah smiles incredulously as she follows Carla out of the
dialog: apartment. :
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: If only I'd known it was so easy-
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - STREET OUTSIDE OF SARAH'S APARTMENT
text: Daniel waits in the driver's seat of Sarah's car, which is fully-
text: loaded with her pelongings. Carla wedges the last box into the
text: back seat.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: $0 you'll be at Chicago Memorial?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No. I want to be close to home.
dialog: (writes note)
dialog: Here's the number at St. Mary's in
dialog: Alton. I start chemo on Monday.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: I always thought you'd look better
dialog: pald. Kind of the "Sinead in Auschwitz”
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (laughs)
text: Bitter ‘til the end.
speaker_heading: CARLA
dialog: yeah, well ... hurry back. Lyle-is
dialog: much more difficult to annoy than
dialog: you.
text: carla smiles and gives Sarah a hug.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT, GATEWOOD CEMETARY — DAY
text: Howard leads Lorraine to a small rose-colored marker stone. She's
text: obviously never been to Jennifer's grave. It reads:
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: JENNIFER RAE MORRISEY
dialog: “Beloved Daughter & sister"
dialog: Born: 5/21/83
dialog: pied: 6/3/84
text: They stand looking down at it for several moments. Lorraine bends
text: and places some tea roses at the marker. Her hand lingers on the
text: sun-warmed granite. As she stands her knees POP loudly.
text: Lorraine's eyes scan the surrounding ‘countryside. It's a lovely
text: view of rolling hills and a nearby orchard.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: you found her a really nice spot,
dialog: Howard.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
text: Mmm- hmmm.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I guess I wasn't much help at the
dialog: time.
text: Howard stays silent. His look tells her he doesn’t blame her for
text: anything. She takes his hand as they walk back to the car.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MORRISEY HOUSE - LATER THAT DAY
text: sarah is just knocking at their front door as Howard and Lorraine
text: pull into the driveway.
speaker_heading: IN THE CAR:
text: Howard glances at Lorraine. He knows she's getting better, but
text: doesn't know how deeply the cemetary affected her.
text: Lorraine turns to give him a kiss.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Go to work. I'll see you later.
text: Lorraine gets out of the car and Howard backs out of the driveway.
scene_heading: EXT. MORRISEY HOUSE
text: Lorraine walks up the gidewalk as Sarah turns.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Now that we got you out, I can never
dialog: catch you at home.
dialog: “100.
text: sarah smiles, trying to determine if Lorraine is going to talk to
text: ner. Lorraine is silent for a long moment before answering with a
text: tentative smile of her own.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (finally)
dialog: It's good to be out.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - CONCESSION STAND - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Sarah and Lorraine turn from the concession stand window with snow
text: cones. They sit on a picnic table with their feet up on the bench.
text: A group of pre-teen GIRLS walk by, all carefully dressed and
text: coiffed to resemble each other.
text: Lorraine and Sarah are silent, enjoying crushed ice and peace.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: you know, Jennifer would've turned
dialog: thirteen last week.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I keep trying to imagine what she
dialog: would look like. It's so easy to look
dialog: back at baby pictures and see the
dialog: people they've become. But, without
dialog: a point of reference ..-
text: Sarah takes a deep preath, relieved that the subject is no longer
dialog: taboo.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: She was beautiful.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: ... she just got stuck in my mind. A
text: baby. Then I try again and I picture
dialog: myself at thirteen. Boy, did I hate the
dialog: way I looked.
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: Everyone hates the way they look at
dialog: that age. At least every girl.
text: iorraine glances at Sarah's profile then at the girls as they
text: disappear around a corner.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Lately, when I try to see Jennifer,
dialog: T've been picturing you ... the way
dialog: you were the night it happened. So
text: young trying to be so adult.
dialog: iol.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ... and so responsible.
text: Lorraine hears it in Sarah's voice -- years of guilt and self-
text: recrimination. She realizes she's just been pouring the salt of
text: her own sorrow on Sarah's emotional wounds.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: you're not responsible Sarah.
text: Sarah doesn't respond. Lorraine turns to see tears in her eyes
dialog: that she just won't let fall.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: You never were.
text: Sarah finally cries. Lorraine holds her.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: The only thing you're responsible
dialog: for is saving my life.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: You gave it back to me.
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: So just don't be so eager to give
dialog: yours up without a fight.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But I don't know what to do. I
dialog: don't know what I'm doing.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE -
dialog: Sarah, just promise me one thing. If
dialog: you want to get through this, you're
dialog: gonna have to accept some help ...
dialog: and let some people get close and
dialog: let yourself off the hook.
text: It's obvious that Lorraine is speaking from experience.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: That's three things.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Then just work on number three.
dialog: Please forgive yourself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I do.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - FRONT DOOR
text: Sarah runs in and SLAMS the front door behind her. Shaking, she
text: sinks to the floor.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: There it was. I had it. The forgive-
dialog: ness I needed to die in peace. So
dialog: why don't I feel better?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STANTON - MAIN STREET ~ DUSK
text: Sarah drives down Main Street, pausing at the town's single
text: stoplight.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0O.)
dialog: Maybe it's because ... for the first
dialog: time in twelve years I'm realizing ...
dialog: I don't want to die.
text: she barely hesitates before taking the turn that leads to the
dialog: interstate.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S SUNOCO
text: Sarah enters the station and approaches Ray, who snoozes in a
text: leather chair.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Mr. Carroll? Is Buddy around?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Well, hey Sarah. I don't really
dialog: know if he's here. To tell the
dialog: truth, I was takin' a littie nap.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You need some gas pumped? Maybe a
dialog: dent fixed?
text: Sarah narrows her eyes at the veiled accusation in Ray's voice.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Mr. Carroll. I don't want you to
dialog: think that I ... don't care--
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: . (interrupting)
dialog: Ain't too many other ways to look (MORE)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT. )
dialog: at it when you get the brush-off
dialog: from a girl you--
text: Ray stops himself, realizing he's talking too much.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy's a ... really nice guy.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You bet he is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ten years ago, he came in that same
dialog: doorway you're standing in. I'd
dialog: never seen him so excited. He was
dialog: talkin' so fast I caught about one
dialog: word in five. But, one of the ones
dialog: I kept catchin' was Sarah ... Sarah ...
dialog: Sarah.
text: Unseen by either Ray or Sarah, Buddy almost walks in from the back
text: of the garage. He quickly steps back into the lengthening shadows
text: when he hears them.
scene_heading: ON BUDDY'S FACE:
speaker_heading: RAY (0.C.)
dialog: Now remember this was the boy who'd
dialog: give his Matchbox cars away if another
dialog: kid didn't have none. Or his comics
dialog: or his baseball cards. He was generous
dialog: to a fault.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But, the way he said your name ... I
dialog: knew if he had ya he'd never let you
dialog: go. And the way he'd treat ya, you'd
dialog: never wanna leave,
text: A wave of emotion washes over Buddy's face. Corny as the
text: expression of it may be, every word his father says is true.
speaker_heading: ON RAY:
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Maybe I was readin‘ a bit much into
text: the ramblin's of an eleven year old.
text: Sarah is speechless. Ray suddenly realizes how much he's said.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: And I know I definitely talk too
dialog: much, You want me to tell him you
dialog: came by?
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: SARAH .
dialog: Tell him I'm going away and I'm--
speaker_heading: ON BUDDY:
text: It's obvious Buddy wants to go into the next room and sweep Sarah
text: off her feet.
speaker_heading: SARAH (0.C.)
dialog: I'm not sure when I'll be back.
text: But, her words just sound like another rejection to hin.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SARAH'S CAR
text: Sarah takes deep breaths to control her runaway emotions, but it's
text: a losing battle.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S SUNOCO
text: Ray is neither startled nor surprised when Buddy walks in from the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Didja catch all that?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I think I caught it the first time
dialog: she told me to fuck off.
text: Ray sits up angrily.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey! What do I got to do? When did
dialog: it get so hard for people to just
dialog: come out and say somethin’? You two
dialog: care about each other. That's more
dialog: than most people start with.
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: If you'd just get past your stupid
dialog: soap opera posturin' and say two
text: words to each other.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Dad, what am I supposed to think?
dialog: What am I supposed to say? She told
dialog: me she's getting engaged at Christmas.
dialog: 
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Son, I don't know what she told ya
dialog: but she came here. Now. To see you.
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: A moron could see this!
text: Buddy wants to believe but can't let himself.
speaker_heading: .-BUDDY
dialog: I don't know. She must get some
dialog: strange pleasure from torturing me.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: No more than you get from torturin'
dialog: yourself.
dialog: (finally)
dialog: You didn't see her face, Buddy.
text: Buddy finally looks directly at his father. Slowly, he nods.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Okay ... okay, dad.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE -. SARAH'S ROOM
text: Sarah runs in and closes the door behind her. There is a half-
text: packed open suitcase sitting on the floor. Sarah begins rapidly
text: folding clothes and placing them in the suitcase.
text: A KNOCK is heard at her door. Sarah looks up, a glimmer of hope in
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: GAYLE (V.0.)
dialog: Sarah ... you okay?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm fine, mom.
text: Sarah starts throwing toiletries from her dresser into a smaller
text: duffel bag. She pauses when she notices a small wrapped PACKAGE.
text: Sarah realizes it's the gift Buddy gave her at the party.
text: Slowly, she sinks to the bed and undoes the wrapping.
text: A small velvet jewel box reveals its treasure: a ring of solid
text: burnished pewter, finely wrought with a simple scrollwork design.
text: Sarah covers her mouth with her hand, amazed by the beautiful
text: gift. She notices a card’and opens it.
dialog: 106.
dialog: The card reads: “Dear Sarah, Congratulations. Don't worry, it's
dialog: just a friendship ring. This wasn't meant to be a last minute
dialog: ‘Going Away To Med School’ gift and it won't be the kind of
dialog: wedding gift I wanted it to be, Did I just write that? Now I
dialog: definitely have to rip this card up. Yours, Buddy”
dialog: But, he didn't rip the card up.
speaker_heading: ‘BUDDY (0.C.)
dialog: It was my mother's.
text: Startled, Sarah looks up and sees Buddy standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Your mother's friendship ring?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (reluctant admission)
text: Her wedding ring. It's passed down
dialog: through the women in my family, but
dialog: .+. I don't have a sister.
text: Buddy walks in and sits down on the bed next to Sarah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: So she trusted your judgment? About
dialog: the woman to give it to?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Even then I was wise beyond my years.
text: Encouraged by Sarah's words, Buddy throws caution to the wind. He
text: takes the ring out of the velvet box and moves to put it on
text: Sarah's finger.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy, I have to tell you something.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a question/plea)
dialog: You're not getting married to this
dialog: guy from Chicago ...
text: Buddy trails off, hoping against hope she's not going to destroy
text: him with a word.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No.
text: Buddy smiles his relief and slips the ring on Sarah's finger. His
text: gaze is direct and his voice is sure as he proposes.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Then marry me.
text: Sarah is shocked. After a moment, she realizes she wants to say
dialog: “yes”, but can't. Still ... she needs hin.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Can you just ... stay?
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: IN SARAH'S DARK BEDROOM:
text: Two fully-clothed bodies lie spooned together on top of the
text: bedspread ... fast asleep. Buddy and Sarah.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: SARAH'S PALE FACE
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
text: SARAH'S EVEN PALER FACE lying against a stark white sheet. Her
text: eyes open slowly and we see ...
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARY'S HOSPITAL - SARAH'S ROOM - MORNING
text: Sarah is in a hospital bed. As she wakes up, she notices a roomful
text: of people around her: Phil, Gayle, Daniel, Dr. SHELLY WINTHROP ...
dialog: and Buddy.
scene_heading: DR. WINTHROP
dialog: Good morning Sarah.
text: Sarah has obviously undergone the first stages of chemotherapy.
text: Her hair has thinned, but hasn't all fallen out. It's pulled back
text: in tiny tortoiseshell barrettes.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Hi.
text: Phil, Gayle and Daniel AD LIB “hello"'s.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Bey, Buddy.
dialog: Needless to say, Buddy knows everything ... and he's still here.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Hi.
text: Dr. Winthrop, an effervescent woman in her early 40's, examines
text: Sarah carefully, checking her vitals and marking her chart while
text: keeping up a cheerful line of patter.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: DR. WINTHROP
dialog: (Joking)
dialog: Well lucky for you Sarah, we got
dialog: the license number of the semi that
dialog: hit you.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I thought it was radiation.
scene_heading: DR. WINTHROP
dialog: Okay, you tell me. What does it
dialog: feel like?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (laughing)
text: Like a ten-ton truck.
text: Everyone wants to laugh, but they keep glancing at Dr. Winthrop
text: and her chart, desperately waiting for confirmation that
dialog: everything will be okay.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: So ... did it work?
scene_heading: DR. WINTHROP
dialog: We'll know by tomorrow.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: i've been here six weeks and you
dialog: still can't tell me if I'm getting
dialog: better?
scene_heading: DR. WINTHROP
dialog: Sarah, you just finished an intensive
dialog: program. The effect is cumulative.
dialog: Yesterday's treatment was your
dialog: strongest yet and hopefully ... it's
dialog: sent you into remission.
text: Sarah looks at the anxious faces hovering over her.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: This is just what I wanted to avoid.
text: A sea of worried, smiling faces.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. VITALE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sarah sits in a comfortable overstuffed chair talking to a
text: pleasant-looking middle-aged psychiatrist, DR. PAUL VITALE.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: I should have known fixing me
dialog: physically wouldn't be enough. My
dialog: parents insisted I talk to the
dialog: psychiatrist that Dr. Gordon
dialog: recommended. I don't know why
dialog: they think talking to a stranger
dialog: is going to help me when I can't
dialog: even talk to my. family.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. VITALE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Dr. Vitale now talks to Phil and Gayle.
speaker_heading: DR. VITALE
dialog: Sarah has been repressing so many
dialog: feelings for so long she doesn't
dialog: know what she should be feeling now.
dialog: That's why she didn't want to tell
dialog: you about her illness. She knew
dialog: you'd respond with an outpouring of
dialog: emotion and she knew she wouldn't
dialog: be able to handle it.
text: His VOICEOVER continues over the following:
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARY'S HOSPITAL - SARAH'S ROOM
text: Sarah's room is dark. She's asleep, but tosses restlessly under
text: the thin hospital sheet.
text: Gayle is slumped in a bedside chair, more asleep than awake.
speaker_heading: DR. VITALE (V.0.)
dialog: Before the accident, you said she
dialog: was a bright outgoing young girl.
text: Afterwards, she took refuge in her
text: guilt. She was a loner in high school.
text: Introverted in the extreme.
text: Lorraine appears in the doorway of the dark room, backlit by the
text: bright hallway fluorescents. She gazes at Sarah's restless form
text: for a few minutes.
speaker_heading: DR. VITALE (V.0.)
dialog: (cont. )
text: Sarah has been turned off from her
text: emotions like a child whose brain is
text: disconnected from his nerve endings. (MORE)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: DR. VITALE (V.0., CONT.)
dialog: Just like that child can't feel a
dialog: physical touch of any sort, Sarah ~
dialog: hasn't been able to feel an emotional
text: touch from anyone around her.
text: Lorraine steps further into the room and we see that she is
text: carrying her heirloom quilt -- the beautifully-stitched patchwork
text: one. She gently drapes it over Sarah.
speaker_heading: DR. VITALE (V.0.)
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: Her detachment isn't a personal attack
dialog: on you, she just couldn't feel anyone
text: trying to get through ... until now.
text: Lorraine places her cool hand on Sarah's forehead.
text: Gayle wakes with a start as if the hand was pressed against her
text: own brow. She sees Lorraine and the two lock eyes.
dialog: Mother to mother.
text: Seeing that Sarah is okay, Gayle closes her eyes again.
text: Sarah's restless movements slow and eventually stop, but she
text: doesn't wake. Lorraine watches a moment longer then leaves.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUDDY'S TRUCK
text: Buddy drives as Sarah sits in the passenger seat, wrapped in
text: Lorraine's quilt.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You okay?
text: Sarah doesn't reply.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Come on Sarah. The doctor said full
dialog: remission. That's great, right?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (distant)
dialog: I guess. I don't know, Buddy. I'm
dialog: not a doctor.
dialog: (bitter laugh)
dialog: And I suppose I never will be.
text: She sounds like she couldn't care less. Buddy sounds like he
dialog: couldn't care more. It's a frustrating combination.
dialog: lll.
text: Buddy suddenly pulls to the side of the road and shuts off the
text: engine. Sarah simply stares out the front windshield.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Sarah, I've been trying to have the
dialog: patience of a saint for six weeks.
dialog: I mean--
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: You let me propose and you couldn't
dialog: even tell me you were sick.
text: As he speaks, Sarah gets a steely look in her eyes and removes the
text: pewter ring from her finger. She‘s lost some weight and it slips
text: off too easily and falls onto the seat between them.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: You know I'd do anything. Why didn't
dialog: you just tell--
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (angry) .
dialog: That's why! I know you'd do anything.
dialog: I know it! I also know I've never
dialog: done anything to deserve that ...
dialog: kind of ...
text: Sarah can't finish the sentence. Buddy retrieves the ring.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Love, Sarah. That's the word you're
dialog: looking for. It's a funny thing. It
dialog: doesn't matter if you don't feel you
dialog: deserve it. People are gonna love
dialog: you and want to help you through this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want to.
text: Sarah looks up at him. She's got a lot of questions, but doesn't
text: seem to know how to put any of them into words. Finally ...
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Buddy, why would you ask me to marry
dialog: you? Even if I wasn't sick? As far as
dialog: you knew, I was going to Harvard.
dialog: You're gonna be a goddamn undergrad
dialog: in the Fall:
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Those are just details.
dialog: 
dialog: ile.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Did I ever treat you well or give you
dialog: any indication ... You and Daniel used
dialog: to drive me insane. You said it yourself.
dialog: I lied to you! About my illness, about
dialog: my engagement. Why would you--
text: Once again, she stops herself before she can say “love me".
text: Buddy won't let Sarah change the subject with the force of her
text: anger. He makes her look him in the eye.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Do you love me Sarah?
text: Sarah looks away, unable to hold his gaze.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It wouldn't matter if I did. It
dialog: doesn't change anything.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Forget changing things. I could
dialog: die of an aneurysm tomorrow. You
dialog: could live for another forty years.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you love me?
text: After what seems like forever, Sarah finds the voice to answer.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yes.
text: CLOSE ON: Buddy slips the ring back on Sarah's finger.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - SARAH'S ROOM
text: Phil sets Sarah's suitcase down and kisses her on the cheek as he
text: exits. She smiles at him, then sits on her bed.
text: She pulls the quilt from around her shoulders and rubs it against
text: her cheek.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - THE KITCHEN
text: Gayle watches anxiously as Sarah leaves the house, clutching the
dialog: quilt.
text: The yearning in her eyes is heart-wrenching. Does her daughter
dialog: care more about the woman across the street than her own mother?
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MORRISEY HOUSE - DAY
text: The doorbell is RINGING. A hand reaches into frame and opens the
text: door. Sarah stands outside holding the heirloom quilt.
speaker_heading: ON SARAH:
text: She is surprised to see Jon Morrisey. They stare at each other for
text: a moment. He's grown about three feet since she saw him last.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Jon? Or is it Rick?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: gon. Hi.
text: He motions for her to come in.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks. Is your mom here?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Yeah, she's in her workshop.
text: He motions for her to enter. As she walks by him, he stops her
text: with a tentative touch.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Are you ... okay?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'm great. How are you doing?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: (answering smile)
dialog: Better.
text: Jon isn't sure if he needs to elaborate, but Sarah's smile says
dialog: she knows exactly what he means.
scene_heading: INT. LORRAINE 'S WORKSHOP
text: Sarah enters the workshop from the kitchen. Lorraine is levelling
text: an old table with determined strokes. It's pretty noisy.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (re: table)
dialog: Hell of a warp, but I think I can
dialog: save it.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well ... it's all in the rhythm
dialog: you know.
text: Lorraine looks up and smiles.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Oh good, you brought the quilt.
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Go where?
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY FIELD - NIGHT
text: A carnival is going full swing in the background, but here there
text: are families sitting on blankets and pulling sodas out of coolers.
text: Kids and dogs run around with equal abandon.
text: Lorraine and Sarah are sitting on the quilt watching ...
text: FIREWORKS LIGHT UP THE NIGHT SKY.
text: The “OOH's" and "AAH's” of the crowd fill the quiet intervals
text: between bursts.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (laughing) :
dialog: I can't believe I forgot it was the
dialog: Fourth of July. I guess I just lost
text: track of time in the hospital.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: How's that going?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well ... they say I'm in remission.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Why do you say that like it's a
dialog: dirty word?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I've done my research. You may go
dialog: into remission but you don't recover
dialog: from leukemia.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Well what do the people who already
dialog: went to medical school say? You know, (MORE)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE (CONT. )
dialog: oh what are they called ... the
dialog: doctors?
text: Sarah smiles at Lorraine's attempt at levity.
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: I rest up for a few weeks and then
dialog: we try a bone marrow transplant.
dialog: I just wanted to say “thanks" and
dialog: bring this back.
dialog: {indicates quilt)
dialog: I... found it on me one morning.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Keep it. You can be my “honorary”
dialog: daughter.
text: Sarah looks at Lorraine closely. Though her tone is light, the
dialog: words are sincere.
speaker_heading: CUP TO;
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - NIGHT
text: Sarah has the folded quilt under her arm. she and Lorraine walk
text: down their street.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Did you take my advice?
text: Sarah is momentarily puzzled.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: About letting yourself off the hook?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I want to, but ... it's kind of tough
dialog: to let go of something that's been
dialog: keeping you going for so long.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Guilt isn't a lifeline, sarah. I used
dialog: it to tie my family in knots and I
dialog: came awfully close to losing them
text: without even noticing.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Well except for Daniel, I've never
dialog: really been that close to my family
dialog: anyway ...
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: Are you sure about that?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think you and I are a lot alike.
dialog: After Jennifer died, we both shut
dialog: down. I just got older, but you--
text: Lorraine stops herself as the full impact of what sarah must have
text: gone through begins to come clear.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: You were still growing up and .
dialog: learning how to live.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: . (bitterly)
dialog: Or not learning.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I just mean you seemed to be enjoying
dialog: life before ... it happened. Maybe
dialog: you need to remember how.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: LORRAINE
dialog: I'm glad. —
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He's really cute, you know.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: On that note -- which I refuse to let
text: become a full-fledged conversation --
dialog: I'm out of here.
text: Sarah and Lorraine separate, each walking to her own house.
speaker_heading: SARAE
dialog: Hey!
text: Lorraine jumps, slightly startled as she turns back.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thanks. You know, for the quilt.
text: Lorraine's look says “You're welcome". For everything.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL HOUSE - SARAH'S ROOM
text: Sarah sits on her bed, looking through an old photo album.
text: CLOSE ON A SERIES OF PHOTOS:
text: - Sarah at 14, paper-thin, preparing for her first day of high
dialog: school. :
text: ~ 16-year-old Sarah at Christmas, off by herself, watching others
text: opening presents.
text: 7 17-year-old Sarah as "Valedictorian" addressing her senior class
dialog: at graduation.
speaker_heading: GAYLE (0.C.)
dialog: I remember when you went up to
dialog: that podium.
text: Sarah is startled as she looks up and sees her mom standing over
text: her shoulder. Gayle sits down next to Sarah.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: (cont. )
dialog: You were so nervous. Terrified. we
dialog: didnt know if you were actually
dialog: going to be able to get any words
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I remember ...
speaker_heading: . GAYLE
dialog: But, then you pulled it off with
dialog: such finesse. You could always fool
dialog: us Sarah. .
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How was I supposed to know you were
dialog: hurting?
text: Sarah is uncomfortable. She and her mother do not discuss things
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Is this line of questioning the
dialog: result of your meeting with pr.
dialog: Vitale?
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Don't be angry.
dialog: (rethinks)
dialog: Or be angry if you want, but just
dialog: don't hold it in.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Mom, there's no reason for me to
dialog: be angry or for you to feel guilty.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Sarah, your father and I were wrong
dialog: to ignore what happened.
text: Sarah stands, anxious to end this conversation.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You weren't. You were just taking
dialog: your cue from me.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: And then I probably latched onto the
dialog: Harvard idea so strongly because it
dialog: was an easy fix -- something I could
dialog: get excited about without having to
dialog: look too closely.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Please. Don't try to analyze me or
dialog: us or ... this whole damn thing.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Honey, don‘t shut me out--
text: Sarah interrupts her softly but firmly. She can't take much more.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Can you just go ... now...
text: Gayle stands up, desperate to say the right thing, but she doesn't
dialog: know what that is. She goes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUSSELL KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Gayle is standing at the sink, peeling potatoes, staring out the
text: kitchen window into the back yard. Tears glisten in her eyes.
text: Silently, Sarah enters the kitchen, opens the refrigerator and
text: gets a Coke. She heads back to her room, but pauses in the
dialog: doorway.
text: Sarah sets the Coke on the counter and wraps her arms around her
text: mother's waist, resting her head on her back. Gayle stops Peeling
text: the potatoes and turns to hug her daughter.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARY'S - SARAH'S ROOM ‘
text: Sarah lies in her familiar hospital bed watching a movie. She is
text: flanked on either side by Buddy and Daniel. Lorraine's quilt
text: covers them and adds life to the drab roon.
text: ON THE TV SCREEN: The Sunday matinee movie is on. It's MARATHON
text: MAN. Laurence Olivier is practicing his torturous dentistry on
dialog: Dustin Hoffman.
text: Daniel, Sarah and Buddy all cringe sympathetically.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: So they tell me that this bone
dialog: marrow donation involves some of
dialog: the most exquisite pain around for
dialog: both parties.
text: Buddy starts switching channels.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Maybe we can find a ballgame.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Daniel) .
dialog: Are you just nervous or are you
dialog: trying to back out?
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Did you see the size of the needle
dialog: they're going to stick in my butt?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Your hip.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Let's try again ... did you see
dialog: the size of the needle?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: He's just scared shitless.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: Joke. I'm kidding. They've just
dialog: taken so much blood out of me, I'm
text: permanently light-headed.
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: You know I'd give up a testicle-—
dialog: (rethinks)
dialog: Well, I'd give up a finger--
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I'd definitely give up an earlobe
dialog: for you.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm touched ... I think.
text: A NURSE walking by in the corridor outside pauses at their open
text: door and glares at Daniel. :
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: How many times do I have to tell
dialog: you-- .
text: Daniel stands up sheepishly when he notices,
speaker_heading: DANIEL
dialog: (to nurse)
dialog: Okay, okay, I'm going back into
dialog: solitary, but this treatment is
dialog: inhuman I tell you.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM
text: Dr. Winthrop supervises the Operation to remove Daniel's bone
text: marrow. Daniel lies on his Stomach and cringes as a giant needle
text: injects him with a spinal anaesthetic.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. CHEMOTHERAPY CHAMBER
text: Sarah is receiving her final gigantic dose of radiation in an
text: effort to destroy all the cells in her bone marrow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM
text: Sarah looks worse than we have ever seen her. Unfortunately, she
text: has to come to the verge of death to have a chance for life,
text: Dr. Winthrop directs the large needles which insert Daniel's
text: healthy bone marrow into sarah's bones,
speaker_heading: CUT To:
dialog: i2i.
scene_heading: INT. ISOLATION CHAMBER
text: Sarah is asleep in a hypoallergenic hospital room. She looks
text: extremely small and defenseless in the sea of downy white hospital
dialog: linens.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE ISOLATION CHAMBER
text: Phil, Gayle, Buddy and Daniel look in on her. pr, Winthrop walks
text: up to them. She looks tired, but tries to smile reassuringly.
speaker_heading: GAYLE
dialog: Can we go see her?
scene_heading: DR. WINTHROP
dialog: I'm really sorry, but this is a
dialog: critical time. It'll be a week or
dialog: two before we know if Sarah's body
dialog: will take the new marrow. Until then
dialog: she has to be isolated.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: SARAH'S FACE IN THE ISOLATION CHAMBER
text: It's peaceful for perhaps the first time in a decade.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: So I finally realize that maybe I
dialog: do want to spend some time with
dialog: Some people and they put me in an
text: isolation chamber. Another little
dialog: cosmic irony.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: SIX WEEKS LATER ...
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN FIELD
text: Soft piano MUSIC plays as the CAMERA slowly moves across a
text: beautiful ineredibly-green hillside. the view looks like the vista
text: visible from Gatewood Cemetary.
text: A quiet SOBBING is heard as we see ... a handkerchief dabbing at
text: tears on the face of a large woman. It's Gladys, the woman
text: Lorraine restored the mother-of-pearl box for.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: BUDDY
text: Dressed in a black suit. His face is unusually solemn,
dialog: 122.
text: The monotone drone of a PRIEST can be heard faintly. There is a
dialog: pause, then ... :
text: Buddy turns te Sarah. she's there. She's alive,
text: And she's dressed in white. He lifts a small veil and kisses her.
text: They turn to face the small congregation, which includes the
text: RUSSELL's, the MORRISEY's and a beaming Mr. Carroll.
text: LORRAINE squeezes Howard's hand as she watches Sarah with the
dialog: pride of a mother.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON: SARAH
text: She's dressed in a simple white lace dress and her hair. is getting
text: thicker, curling around her face becomingly.
text: The operation was obviously Successful. As she turns to look at
text: Buddy, we see that the ever-present bewilderment and uncertainty
dialog: are gone,
text: The priest takes Buddy and Sarah's hands and joins them for all to
dialog: see as he pronounces:
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I would like to present Mr. and mrs.
dialog: Henry Carroll.
text: An upbeat recessional begins as Buddy and sarah run down the
text: aisle. Martine, Carla, Susan, Jeff and Daniel pelt them with rice.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WEDDING RECEPTION - pay
text: The reception is in full swing. People are drinking, laughing,
dialog: dancing.
text: Sarah and Buddy are Opening gifts. Lorraine hands an elegant
text: Package to Sarah. She rips off the paper like a 5-year-old on
dialog: Christmas morning.
speaker_heading: SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: Okay, so maybe my life isn't so
dialog: random. I'm Starting to see the
text: order in the chaos.
text: It's her finished box. Lorraine has worked her Magic. The box
text: looks ancient, but delicately weathered as if with an inner glow.
text: The painting on the top is newly-refreshed with color. New life.
text: Sarah hugs Lorraine then turns to show Buddy.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: . SARAH (V.0.)
dialog: I don't expect to live forever ...
dialog: but I've been wrong before.
text: FREEZE FRAME on Buddy and Sarah sharing a kiss, hands and lives
dialog: joined. In sickness and in health.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
