speaker_heading: "THE EGYPTIAN"
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Casey Robinson
dialog: 3rd Revised
dialog: Tempore: Script
dialog: yud y oil, 1353
dialog: She
speaker_heading: "THE EGYPTIAN"
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. A DESOLATE SPOT ON THE WESTERN SHORE OF THE RED SEA -
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ~- EARLY MORNING (THE ERA IS THE 1) TH CENTURY
dialog: B.C.)
text: The scene is introduced by the blowing of desert sand.
text: When it clears we are on a very long shot toward the sea.
text: On the shore of the sea there is a small and simple
text: Egyptian house with e smaller outbuilding. There is the
text: suggestion of movement there, as if there are people, but
dialog: what this movement is can't be distinguished, for at this
text: distance the house itself seems a tiny thing in the midst
text: of a vast desolation. The brassy waters of the sea
text: stretch endlessly. For the rest, there is only empty
text: desert and a circle of dry, red hills. We hear the lonely
dialog: howl of a jackal, then -
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
text: On the surface of the earth there is
text: no more desolate spot than this.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - MOVING SHOT TO OLD SINUHE ON PORCH - EARLY
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: Gamera goes along with a small whirlwind which, beginning
text: out of nowhere, whirls past the house, where camera stops.
text: It is a simple house, made of mad bricks, its formerly
text: bright colors faded and weather-beaten. in the shade of
text: &@ small entrance porch SINUHE is seated. He is 95 years
text: old. He is writing on a scroll of papyrus which runs
text: across his knees. It seems that he has written much and
dialog: has little left to write, for the roll of completed manu-
text: seript on his left hand is large and the roll on his
text: right hand is small. The passing of the small whirlwind
text: disturbs him hardly at all as he bends over his scroll.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PORTION OF SINUHE AND PAPYRUS SCROLL - EARLY
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: He writes in Egyptian hieroglyphics. The hands which
text: make the marks are cramped and wrinkled; the marks they
text: make are clear and incisive - the marks of a man whose
text: thinking has crystallized into knowledge. As he writes -
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: I - Sinuhe the Egyptian, write this -
scene_heading: FRONT ANGLE CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE - EARLY MORNING
dialog: as he continues -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Sue
speaker_heading: lk (Cont.)
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: ~ the last chapter.
text: He stops writing for a moment, looks up, and we see his
text: eyes. As a dying fire retains a heart of glowing coals,
dialog: so does this man preserve in these eyes the fire of his
dialog: dying life -- remarkable eyes, which are sometimes alert
dialog: with intelligence, calm with resigned philosophy, spar-
text: kling with mature and ironic humor, or touched with pain.
text: He looks at the desert, the hills, the sea; bendsover to
dialog: write.
scene_heading: 5 EXT. SHORE OF THE RED SEA - MOOD SHOT - EARLY MORNING
text: Brassy water. Alkaline sand. Sparse vegetation.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
text: Before me stretch the brassy waters of
dialog: the Red Sea.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. DESERT AND CIRCLE OF HILLS - MOOD SHOT - EARLY
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: An Egyptian monument of some sort, half crumbled into
text: dust, shows in the distance.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: Around me are the ancient dry hills
dialog: and desert.
scene_heading: 7 ANGLE PAST PORTION OF HOUSE TO OUTBUILDING ~ SOLDIERS -
scene_heading: EARLY MORNING
text: Near the small outbuilding four Egyptian SOLDIERS are
text: relieving their boredom by hurling spears at a post tar-
text: get. Midway between outbuilding and house are boundary
dialog: stones,
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: Boundary stones mark the limits of my
dialog: dwelling place. Those are my guards ~-
dialog: I am in exile.
scene_heading: 8 EXT. PORCH OF HOUSE - OLD SINUHE AND SOLDIERS - EARLY
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: for a moment looks over to the guards, then, bending over
dialog: his task again -
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: How can it be that a man ends his life
dialog: in such a fashion? I, who am called
dialog: He Who Is Alone, am writing this --
dialog: 10
dialog: il
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: ih
dialog: Sue
dialog: 3.
scene_heading: EXT. SAND NEARBY - A PAIR OF LIZARDS - EARLY MORNING
text: are listening to the sound of Sinuhe's voice, their heads
text: cocked, their shiny eyes blinking.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: - that some day it may be dug from
text: Egypt's sands and read.
scene_heading: OLD SINUHE ~ EARLY MORNING
text: He looks up from his work, considering the possibility of
text: this last thought, half in hope, half in doubt. Then he
text: sees the lizards, and his expression alters. He is not
text: surprised to see them, and amiles at them as friends.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: But who knows what tomorrow will
dialog: bring? I eam very old, and I may
dialog: never finish, eh?
scene_heading: LIZARDS - EARLY MORNING
text: The original pair, their heads cocked as they listen to
text: Sinuhe. Two or three more run in.
scene_heading: OLD SINUHE - EARLY MORNING
text: For a moment leans back, wiping weariness from his eyes.
text: Then, an idea striking him, he looks at the lizards
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: I'll tell my story to you --
scene_heading: LIZARDS - EARLY MORNING
text: perk up. Their beady eyes give them an air of being
text: raptly interested.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: - my only companions now.
scene_heading: OLD SINUEE - EARLY MORNING
text: smiles in a rather odd way -
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: (with just a trace of
dialog: bitterness in humor)
dialog: You have learned not to shun me <- you
dialog: listen when I speak.
text: Then, warming to his idea, he begins to unroll the papyrus
text: scroll slowly backward.
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 5h2
speaker_heading: 14 (Cont.)
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE (Cont.)
dialog: I shall tell my story backward - the
dialog: way a story should be told - for a
text: man winds the years of his life on a
dialog: scroll.
text: Then unrolling the scroll more rapidly, with wide sweeps
dialog: of his arm -
dialog: Let the scroll unwind!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PAPYRUS SCROLL
text: being rapidly rolled backward.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: Half a century! - to a day when I was
dialog: forty-fivel
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THEBES - LONG ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY
dialog: in f.g., to give perspective, is a shadoff (irrigation
text: derrick) with which a bent, old FARM SLAVE buckets water
text: from a smell irrigation ditch into a smaller ditch. In
dialog: b.g. is the city of Thebes on the Nile River, its many-
text: pyloned temples contrasting with its md hovels, its city
dialog: of the living on the East bank, city of the dead (cemetery,
dialog: etc.) on the West.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: I lived in Thebes - capital of Egypt,
dialog: on the Nile -- and I shall tell you
dialog: the kind of world in which I lived ---
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SECTION OF THEBES ~- AT A BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION
scene_heading: - WORKMEN, SLAVES, OVERSEERS, SINUHE - DAY
text: The building is being erected of great limestone blocks.
text: We see ordinary WORKMEN who shape the stone with crude
text: instruments and set the stones in place - but the focus
text: of interest is a great sledge on which a huge block of
text: stone is being transported. Forty SLAVES, hitched like
text: oxen to the sledge, are trying to pull it up a wet-sanded
text: ramp. OVERSEERS, who carry staffs as tall as themselves,
dialog: do not hesitate to belabor the backs of the salves.
text: Sinuhe, dressed in the clothing of a physician, stands
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: For every free man there were a
text: hundred in bondage.
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
dialog: She
speaker_heading: 17 (Cont.)
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
text: One of the slaves drops senseless to the ground, from
text: starvation and exhaustion. Sinuhe walks to him.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - SINUHE, SLAVE AND GROUP ~- DAY
text: Sinuhe bends over the slave, examines him. He pushes
text: back his eyelids, looks into dead eyes. He rises, shakes
text: his head at those who have gathered around. There is no
text: expression of horror on Sinuhe's face -~ this is the
dialog: daily life of these people, not an isolated incident.
text: Camera pulls back to widen angle as an indifferent
text: Overseer shrugs, whacks the harness of the dead slave
text: free with the slash of a large knife. Another Overseer,
dialog: raising his staff -
speaker_heading: OVERSEER
dialog: {shouts command)
dialog: Hot
text: - and Overseers' staffs whack down on the backs of the
text: slaves, who struggle, pant and sweat again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PORTICO AND GARDEN OF A NOBLE - SINUHE, A NOBLE,
scene_heading: HIS WIFE, A SYRIAN SLAVE MERCHANT, SLAVES FOR SALE,
scene_heading: HOUSEHOLD SLAVES, ENTERTAINERS - DAY
text: (For a portion of general atmosphere see NAT'L. GEOGRAPHIC,
text: Oct. 1941, p 46h.) Under a portico facing a garden a
text: NOBLE lies on a bed. He is fat and wealthy and his body
text: glistens with 011. He has a swollen, gouty foot, which
text: rests on a cushion on the floor. Sinuhe, kneeling there,
text: is bleeding him, using the instrument of his time, of
text: copper and stone. Nearby is the small, wooden, portable
text: box in which he carries his instruments and medicines.
text: Sinuhe also observes the scene. A SYRIAN SLAVE MERCHANT,
text: unctuous and fawning, is offering for the inspection of
text: the Noble a string of WOMEN SLAVES. These slaves are of
dialog: all ages, countries, colors of skin - and the action of
dialog: the selling goes like this: As the merchant brings the
text: women and girls forward for inspection, they arrive in
dialog: such a way that we see their faces, can judge their
dialog: nationalities, beauty or lack of it, their ages. But
text: as they are presented to the Noble their backs are to
text: camera. Before the Noble, they lift aside their garments,
dialog: so that he may inspect them as one would cattle. The
text: Woble indicates with a gesture of his ivory-handled fly-
text: whisk his decision. All who are presented at the opening
text: of this scene the Noble waves away with indifference.
text: Seated beside the Noble's bed in a chair is the NOBLE'S
text: WIFE, a haughty, proud, indifferent woman, dressed in
dialog: formal wig, much rich jewelry, the finest dress. If she
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: She
speaker_heading: 19 (Cont.)
dialog: 20
dialog: pays any attention at all to the business between her
dialog: husband, the salve dealer and the women, it is no more
text: than to give a momentary and indifferent glance. She
text: cools herself with a revolving fan and her haughty look
text: is directed for the most part to the garden, where some
text: entertainment is being staged. There, two WRESTLERS,
text: one black, one white, are engaged in a match. HOUSEHOLD
text: SLAVES and HOUSEHOLD OFFICERS watch. Other ENTERTAINERS,
text: including a group of semi-nude DANCING GIRLS wait their
text: turn to attempt to relieve the lady's boredom.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: Though 8 man might have but one wife,
dialog: he could own as many women as he could
dialog: afford.
text: Camere moves forward to a tighter scene at the Noble's
text: bed. The next slaves are hardly more than children,
text: girls of no more than thirteen, fair of face and figure.
text: As they display themselves before the Noble, his eyes at
text: last glisten with interest and desire.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: There was no word in our language mean-
dialog: ing sin.
text: The Noble tosses some money - silver rings - on the floor.
text: The Merchant scrambles for them greedily. The Noble
text: motions the new slaves to come closer. Sinuhe, as if by
text: accident, but not by accident, drops his medicine chest
text: on the Noble's swollen foot. The Noble screams in pain
text: and anger. But, as camera pulls back, Sinuhe, with a
text: calm manner of indifference, picks up his case and walks
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. "THE STREET TO THE DOCKS" ~ CROWDS - SINUHE ~- MOVING
speaker_heading: SHOT - DAY
text: Scene begins on top a huddle of roof tops, all jammed
dialog: together, no courtyards - homes of the very poor. Camera
text: moves down into a narrow, dirty street, teeming with
text: humanity. One can almost smell the stink in the heat and
text: feel the bite of flies. Most of the people are of the
text: poor WORKING CLASS, but there are FOREIGNERS too: A
text: HITTITE, with a high pointed cap and heavy pointed boots;
text: A SARDINIAN BODYGUARD, with ball and horns on helmet;
text: A LIGYAN BOWMAN with two bright feathers in his leather
text: skull cap; A MITANNI TRADER in his draped and fringed
text: garb of Babylon, pushing through with a couple of loaded
text: donkeys .... Nearly naked children play in the street,
text: boys at four-times-around and girls at bali. They scatter,
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 5u2
speaker_heading: 20 (Cont.)
dialog: 21
text: press against the walls as a procession comes through -
text: a tribute-bearing mission, en route from the docks to
dialog: some temple or palace. These people are from the southern
text: land of Kush, ebony black MOORS with incredibly thick lips
text: and ostrich feathers in their caps, animal-eyed women
text: with children carried in baskets on their backs. The men
text: lead animals on chains: a couple of snarling panthers on
text: ohains, a baboon with a long mantle of grey hair, grey-
text: hounds. As this line of people clears, our moving camera
text: is approaching a group of men who are gambling, throwing
text: dice, squatted in the dirt. A woman who is preparing to
text: fry fish on an open brazier before her hut, cleaning the
text: fish, acatters the entrails wherever - some hit one of
text: the gamblers, who is angry, but his companions laugh.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: For the great majority it was a world
dialog: of dirt, of poverty, of disease and
dialog: death.
text: Some of the fish guts hit against Sinuhe's robe as he
text: passes the gambling group. Moving camera pulls back
text: with him as he comes along, carrying his portable medi-
text: cine case, on his way to pay a professional visit. He
text: has to stop as a dead body is carried out of one of the
text: huts, the body wrapped carelessly in a shroud, a stiff
text: leg showing. Sinuhe observes this only as an everyday
text: eccurrence. A couple of steps later he has to stop again
text: as a line of PRISONERS are led across this street from
text: one side alley to another. They are guarded by SOLDIERS.
text: Their elbows are bound behind their backs. They are
text: alike in their poverty and in a symbol which all wear
text: stitched onto their clothing. It is the ankh, or cross
dialog: of life; something similar to the Christian cross, except
text: that above the crossbar there is a loop:-. Sinuhe watches
text: them as they are led away to slavery, or worse. His face
text: hardens with anger.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. - SERIES OF REPRESENTATIONS OF THE ANCIENT GODS AND
scene_heading: GODDESSES OF EGYPT - DAY
text: These deities can be presented as statues against sky or
text: wall backing, as low-relief and painted sculptures on
dialog: walls, They should be selected from the most grotesque,
text: primitive and fearful - in their animal-headed representa-
dialog: tions ~ and might include: Bes, Set, Ipet, Sekhmet, Anpu,
text: Tet, Thoth, Hapi, Bast, Sebek, Khonsu...
speaker_heading: OLD SINUEE'S VOICE
dialog: It was a world of superstition - of
dialog: fearful worship of a hundred ancient
dialog: gods.
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 5h2
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: 21 (Cont.)
dialog: 22
text: The last of these is the deity MONTU, the falcon-headed
dialog: god of battle, on which we arrive during:
dialog: But the deity most feared and wor~
dialog: shipped, the living god, was Pharaohl
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM OF PHARAOH'S PALACE - MOVING SHOT -
scene_heading: PALACE ATTENDANTS - HOREMHEB AND BAKETAMON ~ DAY
text: Camera angle is slightly down, toward floor, and camera
text: is advancing over a sea of backs of people who are pros~
text: trate on their faces before the throne of Pharach. We
dialog: do not see the throne at first, nor Pharaoh. These
text: people range from palace SLAVES to SOLDIERS, MILITARY
scene_heading: OFFICERS, COURTIERS, OFFICIALS and ROYAL PRINCES AND
dialog: PRINCESSES. All carry their proper insignia of office --
text: projecting above these backs are military weapons, staffs,
text: and the tall ostrich fans of the most high, most near the
text: throne. Arriving at the foot of the throne, camera stops.
text: Tethered there is a lion, which lies on the floor. Camera
text: pans slowly up, picks up the golden sandals of Pharaoh
text: and his Queen, then their legs, then themselves. HOREMHEB
text: is standing stiffly before his throne chair, impassively
text: surveying the multitude. On his head is the double crown
text: of Egypt, tall, hat-like, red and white - with the sacred
text: snake~head, the Uraesus. His hands carry the lash and
text: the crook, the black and white crook in ceremonial posi-
text: tion, just underneath his jeweled collar. Many charms in
text: the shape of stiff emblems and variously kmotted and
text: looped ribbons hang down from his hips. On the wall be-
text: hind him there is a magnificent mural of a battle scene
text: which shows Horemheb bloodily slaying Hittites. (The
dialog: decorations of this room are all very military; the atmos~
dialog: phere of this court is predominantly military.) At 45
dialog: this warrior-King has not lost his military carriage;
text: his physique is magnificent. His face, furrowed by battle,
text: is also eroded by care and secret unhappiness -- his soul
text: is sick. His queen, BAKETAMON, is already seated in her
text: chair of their double throne. She, also, is bedecked with
text: full ceremonial clothing, wig and jewelry. A little more
text: than a year older than Horemheb, she is still a most
text: beautiful woman, with finely chiseled, aristocratic fea~
text: tures - showing the inbreeding decadence of a long line
text: of royalty. She is completely impassive; her dark eyes
text: have no sparkle but look ahead like the unseeing eyes of
text: a statue of a goddess -- she is a woman who has totally
text: withdrawn from life. Horemheb sits into his throne chair.
text: Taking his time, he looks to his left and down at someone
text: on the floor.
dialog: 5k2
dialog: 23
dialog: 2h
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST PAIR ON THRONE TO HIGH PRIEST EIE - DAY
text: Prostrate like the rest, he nevertheless has an eye on
text: Horemhebd. EJE is a very old man, tall, thin - with the
text: look of an ascetic gone sour ~ a crafty look. A slight
text: signal from Horemhebd gets him to his feet -~ he gets up
text: painfully. With his staff of office he raps on the
text: tiled floor.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - ALL - DAY
text: as all rise - but silently, no buzz. Their faces toward
text: the throne, we see them arrayed, all in their places
dialog: according to their ranks, The highest nobles nearest,
text: their ostrich fans now forming a canopy over Pharaoh and
text: the Queen, Behind the right hand of the double throne
text: are two youths, boys, sons of this pair, already warriors
dialog: in character,
scene_heading: CLOSER TO THRONE - FEATURING HOREMHEB AND EIE ~ DAY
text: as a slight motion from Horeitheb brings Eie to his side.
text: Horemheb's look asks a question; Eile bows; Horemheb looks
text: toward a side door to the room. On his face there comes
text: a strange expression - there is anger, but lurking behind
text: it a kind of indecision, as if he dreads what is coming.
text: Then decision takes over and he gestures sharply. Eie
text: turns toward the side door and his staff raps an order.
scene_heading: ANGLE TO SIDE DOOR - MOVING SHOT COMING TO THRONE -
scene_heading: SINUHE - MILITARY GUARDS AND OFFICER - OTHERS IN COURT -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Sinuhe is brought in. His elbows are bound behind his
text: back. Four SOLDIERS guard him, led by an OFFICER who
text: carries a whip of office. All watch as Sinuhe is brought
text: toward the throne. Near throne the officer stops the
text: soldiers and all prostrate themselves, leaving Sinuhe to
text: come before the throne alone, On his clothing is sewed
text: the emblem of the cross of life. He does not prostrate
text: himself before Horemheb, but looks him in the face calmly.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: You stand?
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (sharply, out of
dialog: corner of mouth)
dialog: Leave off.
text: He is returning Sinuhe's look, for this is between the two
text: of them. It is a flood of rising anger which Horemheb is
text: trying to control now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 5u2
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: 26 (Cont.)
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (after rather long pause,
dialog: as if in wonder)
dialog: Were you and I once friends?
text: For a moment there is a flicker between them as they each
dialog: remember - but the flicker is all the response there is
dialog: from Sinuhe -- the human connection between the two is
text: cut off as if by a switch.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (as Pharaoh, struggling
dialog: against rising rage)
dialog: You are Pharaoh's friend no longer. I
dialog: have been patient with you, Sinuhe, but
dialog: I can be patient no longeri
text: He is shaking with rage. His hands grip the arms of his
text: throne chair until his kmuckles are white. He pulls him-
text: self to his feet.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - ALL - DAY
text: Ag at this movement from Pharach all go on their knees,
text: soundlessly, automatically, like mechanically operated
text: figures. Only the Queen, seated on her throne chair, and
text: Horemheb and Sinuhe, confronting each other on their feet,
text: are on a higher level than the others.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE AT THRONE - THREE ~ DAY
text: Horemheb comes down a step of his throne until he is near
text: Sinuhe but still towering a step above him. He points
text: accusingly at the emblem of the cross of life on Sinuhe's
text: breast - then suddenly rips it off the garment, tearing
text: part of the garment with it.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (insensate with rage)
dialog: I could strangle you with my own hands\
text: Sinuhe's only answer is a slight broadening of his ironic
text: smile. Baketamon turns her head slowly toward them. For
text: the moment the goddess-stare leaves her eyes and she is
text: a woman looking at two men.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: (with an edge of scorn)
dialog: Whatever. Pharaoh will do, let him do it
dialog: quickly.
text: Both men look at her. Sinuhe's look is a rather odd one.
text: It is colored with the irony that he has shown Horemheb.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 5h2
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: 28 (Cont.)
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: But there is something else, too, which tells that these
dialog: two have known each other as people, also. He almost
text: imperceptibly inclines his head, the barest indication of
text: a bow. Baketamon looks away from his look, looks straight
text: ahead again, assumes the official look, the blank stare.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (blustering because
dialog: secretly abashed)
text: He is no more than a pebble between
dialog: my toes.
text: He sits on his throne chair again. Those in scene are
text: seen to rise, indicative that all in court rise. Horemheb
text: looks at Sinuhe again.
speaker_heading: HOREMEEB
dialog: I banish you from Egypt. Never more
dialog: shall you see this land watered by
dialog: the Nilel
dialog: (with growing
dialog: rage again)
dialog: Live your days in lonelinesst May
dialog: your grave be unknown and your name
dialog: forgotten!
dialog: (leans back exhausted)
dialog: Pharach has spoken}
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: {after a pause, still
dialog: with irony, still
dialog: with a smile)
dialog: So be it.
text: He turns and walks back in the way he entered.
scene_heading: ANGLE TOWARD SINUHE - DAY
text: as his guards fall in with him, taking him from the room.
scene_heading: ANGLE TO HOREMHEB AND BAKETAMON - DAY
text: in beg. the Queen looks straight ahead, not moving.
text: Horemheb looks after Sinuhe - with rage - and with some-
text: thing else, which, strangely enough, seems to be shame.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 542
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE ON DESERT - CLOSE SHOT OF SCROLL - DAY
text: on which Sinuhe is setting down the cross of life.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: Why did Horemheb not put me to death?
dialog: Was it the memory of friendship?
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: What did he not dare say in the hearing
dialog: of the people of his court?
dialog: During which -
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE - DAY
text: as for a moment he thinks, looking off, then looking at
dialog: his "audience."
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: Let the scroll unwind againl -
text: With a sweep of his hand starts the scroll rolling back-
dialog: ward.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SCROLL - DAY
text: rolling swiftly backward.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: - To a morning on the plains outside
dialog: Thebes - when Horemhebd and I were
dialog: twenty-five!
text: We hear the sounds of the running horses and of chariot
dialog: wheels, then -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: ko
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS AND HILLS OUTSIDE OF THEBES - SINUHE AND
scene_heading: HOREMHEB - LONG MOVING SHOT - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: going with a chariot in which Sinuhe and Horemheb are
text: riding. The location is across the river from Thebes,
text: some distance out from Thebes, and the city may be visible
dialog: in far b.g. in this shot -- (or, if not in this shot, in
text: some shot during the following sequence - one shot bein,
dialog: sufficient for the purpose of establishing the location).
text: The terrain is plain bordered by hills - lion country.
text: “The hills are punctuated by small canyons, notably one
text: box canyon, which is important to the action to follow.
text: The chariot is going at high speed, quartering toward
text: camera. It is pulled by a TEAM OF HORSES at a gallop.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE MOVING SHOT ~ SINUHE AND HOREMHEB IN CHARIOT -
scene_heading: JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: Horemheb has the reins. Strapped to the chariot are
text: quivers for arrows and for spears. Sinuhe and Horemheb
text: are on a hunt. At 25 both are vigorously young, healthy,
text: bursting with gay spirits.
scene_heading: LONG REVERSE ANGLE - JUST BEFORE DAWN
dialog: They are hunting lions. A pride of these animals can be
text: seen between chariot and hills.
scene_heading: PRIDE OF LIONS - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: comes into action at the approach of the chariot - scatters,
text: running - a number of them toward the box canyon. This
text: group is led by a large MALE LION who sports a great black
dialog: mane.
scene_heading: IN CHARIOT - SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: {points ahead)
dialog: The Black Mane!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Cut him off!
scene_heading: AT MOUTH OF BOX CANYON - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: Chariot arrives too late. The black maned Male and some
text: other lions make it through the narrow entrance to the
text: box canyon, Horemheb, thwarted, momentum carrying the
text: chariot beyond the mouth of the canyon, starts to swing
text: around in a circle so as to head the chariot directly at
text: the mouth of the canyon.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: as Sinuhe begins to show a little apprehension.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 4O (Cont. )
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 4h
speaker_heading: AS
dialog: She
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: We follow him in there?
text: For answer Horemhebd grins like a warrior in battle, whips
dialog: the team.
scene_heading: EXT. INNER SECTION OF BOX CANYON - GENERAL SHOT - LIONS ~-
scene_heading: JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: The entrance to this place is narrow. The canyon pene
text: trates but a short distance into the hills, ending in a
text: sac or amphitheater of cliffs, hugh rocks and caves.
dialog: One might call it a lion's den for here in caves lions
dialog: breed and live. The place swarms with them. There is @
text: lioness with cubs, The black maned Male. All are in an
text: uproar, increased by the sound of the approaching chariot.
text: Some of the lions, including the black maned Male, leap
text: up onto the great rocks, out of reach.
scene_heading: AT MOUTH OF CANYON - MOVING SHOT - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: coming in with Sinuhe and Horemheb in chariot. Sinuhe
text: seizes a spear in each hand. Horemheb, looping reins
text: around his neck, takes his bow and a fistful of arrows.
text: Almost immediately the team of horses has to pull itself
text: up, rearing, pawing the air, as it arrives at a rock
dialog: barrier.
scene_heading: AT CHARIOT - FAST CUTS - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: A maelstrom of action. Roars, dust. Sinuhe and Horemheb
text: whipped up to the apex of excitement.
text: A lion, leaps from a rock directly over Chariot. Sinuhe
text: turns to look, having practically felt the lion as it
text: went over. He hurls a spear, missing, the spear shatter-
text: ing on rock. The black maned Male leaps past, rushes out
dialog: of the canyon.
text: Horemheb grabs the reins, seems to pull his team around
text: by main strength, sets out in pursuit,
scene_heading: EXT. MOUTH OF BOX CANYON - FROM PLAINS - JUST BEFORE
speaker_heading: SUNRISE
text: The black maned Male leaps out, streaks across plains.
text: Short interval. The chariot with Horemheb and Sinuhe
dialog: emerges.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS - CHASE - BLACK MANED MALE LION AND CHARIOT -
scene_heading: JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: streaking across the plains again. ‘The lion disappears
text: over a ridge Chariot after.
dialog: she
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: EXT. BEYOND RIDGE ~- MED. LONG SHOT ~ AKHNATON - JUST
speaker_heading: BEFORE SUNRISE
text: This is a peaceful spot. A small area of clean sand dunes.
dialog: (If city of Thebes in distance has not been seen in the
text: first shot of this sequence, this shot is suggested as an
text: alternative.) Atop a hillock there is a piece of archi-
text: tecture which is obviously a shrine - a small shaft (of
dialog: the kind we call Cleopatra's needle.) Kneeling at the
text: base of this shaft is AKHNATON. Young (20's), frail,
text: handsome to the point of prettiness, ascetic. He is
text: almost in a trance of reverie. Sound, distant, of chariot
text: approaching. Camera pans over. Coming up a defile di-
text: rectly toward Akhnaton is the lion. Then chariot appears
text: behind, angling obliquely in pursuit.
scene_heading: LION - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: raging, leaps past camera.
scene_heading: AT SHRINE - AKHNATON - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: pays absolutely no heed. From the ground he takes an
text: armful of waterlilies which he has brought with him to
text: the shrine, lays them at the base of the shaft.
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: It is apparent that Akhnaton is in great danger, for the
text: lion, in his frenzy to escape, can easily tear him to
dialog: pieces.
scene_heading: IN CHARIOT - SINUHE AND HOREMHEB
text: Horemheb whips the team in an effort to intervene between
text: the lion and Akhnaton. Sinuhe, with bow and arrow, is
text: trying to get a shot at the lion over the backs of the
dialog: horses, but can't.
scene_heading: AT SHRINE - AKENATON
text: looks around - but only with an air of being somewhat
text: troubled at being disturbed, and showing no trace of fear.
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT FROM PERSPECTIVE OF SHRINE - JUST BEFORE
speaker_heading: SUNRISE
text: The chariot arrives just in time - lion veers off - but
text: the chariot is overturned, spilling Sinuhe and Horemheb
text: out into the sand.
scene_heading: AT SHRINE ~- AKHNATON - JUST BEFORE SUNRISE
text: watches them, through the film of sand and dust thrown
text: up by the smashup. Then he returns to his reveries,
text: looks to the east with tense expectancy.
speaker_heading: 5u2
dialog: 5h
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: AT SHRINE - AKHNATON, SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - SUNRISE
text: Sinuhe and Horemheb pick themselves up from the sand,
dialog: both very angry. :
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (yells over)
dialog: Idiotl
text: He rushes to quiet the team of horses and right the
text: chariot. Sinuhe, equally angry, comes to Akhnaton.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Don't you know you could have been
dialog: killed!
text: Akhnaton looks at him, his eyes burning with such inten-
text: sity, that they seem almost mad. In a voice which has a
text: strange, delicate, almost:feminine quality, and given an
text: added strangeness by the choked intensity of his emotions,
dialog: he says:
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
text: The god is coming.
dialog: (looks eastward)
text: As Sinuhe reacts with astonishment, Horemheb strides over.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: What did the fool say?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (his astonishment being
dialog: replaced by amused disgust)
dialog: He said the god is coming.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (an intense whisper
dialog: staring toward the east)
dialog: The god is coming!
text: Sinuhe and Horemheb also look eastward.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT TO THE EAST - SUNRISE
text: The rim of the sun is just beginning to show over the
text: horizon, flooding the world with golden light.
scene_heading: THREE AT SHRINE - SUNRISE
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: His god is Aton, the sun. He is a sun
dialog: worshipper.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 5u2
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: 56 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (bows his head for
dialog: prayer - simply but
dialog: with intense emotion)
dialog: Rise. Shine with splendor. Fill the
dialog: world with your beauty so that we may
dialog: rejoice. God, our father, creator of
dialog: all things, great and small --
text: Overcome with the intensity of his emotion, Akhnaton pitches
text: forward onto his face and lies on the sand quivering.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: Now what ails him?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: He has the holy sickness.
dialog: (goes to Akhnaton)
dialog: Bring water.
text: After a look Horemheb goes to the chariot. Sinuhe stoops
text: down by Akhnaton and rolls him over onto his back. The
text: young man is unconscious.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (still rather amused)
dialog: At least I can see that he doesn't
dialog: swallow his tongue.
text: He tears astripof linen from his clothing, rolls it and
text: inserts it into Akhnaton's mouth. At the same time
text: Horemheb returns from the chariot bringing a small stone
text: flask of water bound with reeds, which he uncorks and
text: hands to Sinuhe. Sinuhe dampens another strip of linen
text: with water and washes the young man's forehead,
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (with amused scorn)
dialog: Look at him shiver!
text: But at the same time he removes his cloak and spreade it
text: over Akhnaton.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: Even such a fool can't be left to die.
dialog: Let's get him to the chariot.
text: Ee stoops down to pick up the frail figure of the uncon-
dialog: scious young man. At this instant -
speaker_heading: EIE'S VOICE
dialog: (from nearby offscene -
dialog: outraged)
dialog: Holdt
text: Startled, Sinuhe and Horemheb look over.
speaker_heading: 542
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: é1
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST GROUP TO EIE - SUNRISE
text: Ele stands on the crest of a nearby hillock. At fifty-
text: odd he is a tall, thin, stern man. He carries a staff
text: and wears a costume ornamented with leopard skin, which
text: denotes that he is a priest of very high rank. In a rage
text: he strides down toward them, camera coming with him.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: You laid hands on him!
dialog: (arrives)
dialog: Both of youl
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: {in explanation, astonished
dialog: and angry)
dialog: I am a physician --
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Who is this loon? He cost us a lion}
text: From nearby o.s. the brassy notes of a trumpet split the
dialog: air. All look.
scene_heading: PAST GROUP - TOWARD HILLOCK - SUNRISE
text: From just beyond the rise the sound of the trumpet is
text: heard again, then over the rise there begins to appear a
text: detachment of SOLDIERS carrying lances - a small detach-
dialog: ment, there will be ten of them in all. Sinuhe and
text: Horemheb look at each other in ewn greater astonishment.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: What now?
text: Horemheb sees that his team is threatening to bolt, runs
dialog: to them.
scene_heading: AT CHARIOT - SUNRISE
text: Horemheb seizes the bridles of his team of plunging horses
text: and at the same time looks around at ~
scene_heading: HILLOCK - A SMALL PROCESSION - SUNRISE
text: Following the detachment of soldiers comes a carrying-
text: chair transported on the shoulders of six SLAVES. The
text: chair is accompanied by a couple of PRIESTS of a lower
text: rank than Ele and by a small group of COURTIERS of ob-
text: viously high rank who carry ostrich fans with which they
text: shield the occupant of the chair, who is Baketamon, at
text: this time not yet Queen, but Princess.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - BAKETAMON - SUNRISE
text: At twenty-six, the Princess is a vision of beauty, but
text: already cold and aloof. As she takes in the scene -
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: Sh.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: AT CHARIOT - SUNRISE
text: Still holding his restive horses, Horemheb gapes at
text: Baketamon with thunderstruck admiration. Sinuhe enters
text: acene, almost as astonished as Horemheb.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: Who is she?
scene_heading: ENTIRE GROUP - SUNRISE
text: As the procession stops near the shrine and Elie hurries
text: to the Princess, the latter first looks down at the pros-
text: trate form of Akhnaton, then at Ele.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: (to Ele, severely)
dialog: Is this how you watch over my brother?
dialog: (barest turning of her
dialog: head indicates she takes
dialog: in pair at chariot)
dialog: Whe are these clods of dirt?
scene_heading: AT CHARIOT ~ SUNRISE
text: Sinuhe and Horemheb are both staring, Horemheb agape with
text: admiration, Sinuhe worried.
speaker_heading: EIE'S VOICE
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: They have laid their hands on him}
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BAKETAMON - SUNRISE
text: Her only reaction is to survey the pair at the chariot
dialog: coldly.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Seize them!
scene_heading: AT CHARIOT - SUNRISE
text: on the sand in front of Horemheb's team, a volley of
text: lances plunk into the ground - a half dozen of them in
text: rapid succession. The heads and thrashing forefeet of
text: Horemheb's team are to be seen as the horses rear. The
text: horses neigh with fright.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT, PHARAOH'S PALACE ~ THRONE ROOM - PORTION OF A
scene_heading: CEREMONIAL PROCESSION - TEMPLE MAIDENS - DAY
dialog: Before we are made aware of the nature of the procession
dialog: or even of the locale of this scene, we see these girls.
dialog: The purpose of this opening scene is that of contrast
text: from the violence of the ending of the previous scene to
text: an atmosphere of gentle sweetness, These girls are dressed
text: in flowing garments of virginal white, unornamented except
text: for thin girdles of stones. On bare feet they move with
text: steps which are practically movements of a dance. On
text: their fingers they wear little cymbals which they make
text: reverberate with sweet music.
scene_heading: EXTREMELY LONG SHOT - ENTIRE COURT ROOM - DAY
dialog: We have seen this room before, but not as it appears now,
dialog: for while in the other instance the decorations were all
text: warlike and violent, they are now gentle, with flowers
text: and water fowl the prevailing motifs.
text: The procession is at the far end of the room, too far
dialog: for us to see to identify its participants, but we guess
text: correctly that it is the entrance of Pharaoh, his family,
text: and principal courtiers to the throne. There is a throng
text: in the court room, all of whom are bowed to the floor.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - PROCESSION ~ DAY
text: Following the maidens, come some priests, including Ele,
text: and courtiers, who carry fans to make a canopy over
text: Pharaoh. We see that Pharaoh is none other than Akhnaton.
text: Beside him walks his queen NEFERTITI, a young woman as
text: beautiful and frail as he. They walk with their arms
text: around each other's waist. Directly behind them walks
text: the Princess Baketamon, At her side is Baketamon's mother,
text: THE QUEEN MOTHER TAIA, a swarthy-complexioned, evil and
dialog: interesting old woman. In turn, come princes and prin-
dialog: cesses of the royal household.
text: Akhnaton carries the emblems of his office carelessly in
text: his free hand and with them, with quiet reproof, he is
text: gesturing those in the court room to get to their feet.
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: Will you never learn that we are all
dialog: friends here?
scene_heading: NEAR SIDE OF ROOM IN MIDST OF CROWD - SINUHE AND HOREMHEB
scene_heading: WITH MILITARY GUARD ~ DAY ,
text: At the sound of Akhnaton's voice, Sinuhe raises his head
text: sharply, but those who are getting to their feet all around
text: him block his view of the speaker.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 70 (Cont.)
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: SINUBE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Horemhebi That voice!
text: Horemhebd is also staring with the intention of getting
text: to his feet.
scene_heading: A MILITARY GUARD
dialog: (roughly)
dialog: On your faces}
text: There are four soldiers guarding Sinuhe and Horemheb
dialog: with an under-officer whose rank would compare with that
text: of a sergeant. It takes a prod of the sergeant's lance
text: between his shoulder blades to get Horemheb to the floor.
text: Sinuhe is already there but is alive with excitement and
text: apprehension at what he fears he has discovered.
scene_heading: AT THRONE - DAY
text: Akhnaton and Nefertiti take their places on the double
text: throne - she putting her arm sbout him and leying her
text: face against his shoulder, As the royal family, includ-
text: ing Baketamon and Taia, take their places to one side
text: and slightly behind the throne, as courtiers, priests and
dialog: officials take their places according to their rank -
scene_heading: ANGLE SIDE DOOR - PAN TO THRONE - THREE CHILDREN - DAY
text: rush into the room, DAUGHTERS OF PHARAOH, the eldest
text: seven, ranging down; one with a pet monkey, one leading
text: a pet gazelle, the tiniest with a doll; accompanied by
text: a tumbling DWARF, followed by a distracted NURSEMAID;
text: rush to their parents.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: (screaming with joy)
dialog: Great mama! Look!
speaker_heading: NEFERTITI
dialog: (as any mother to
dialog: child)
dialog: Peace, peace ~ papa is occupied.
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Let them play.
dialog: (to child)
dialog: Show me!
dialog: 73
dialog: 7h
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: IN MIDST OF CROWD ~ CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - DAY
text: Again Sinuhe reacts at the sound of Akhnaton's voice. He
text: doesn't raise his head this time but prods Horemheb with
text: excitement and apprehension.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (whispers) .
dialog: Horemheb! The one we called an idiot
dialog: is Pharaoh!
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Then she igs Pharach's sister?!
text: Sound of laughter from direction of throne.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Forget her and think of us!
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (in continuing amazement)
dialog: Pharaoh's sisterl
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Don't you kmow the law? We touched
dialog: himl We'll lose our heads for it!
scene_heading: NEAR THRONE - EIE - DAY
text: Over the laughter of those around him, he raps sharply
text: on the floor with his staff.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (ringing command)
dialog: The young man called Sinuhe will step
dialog: forwardt
scene_heading: SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - DAY
text: Prodded by the Sergeant's lance, Sinuhe gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (succinetly)
dialog: Farewell, my friend.
text: Camera pans with him as he starts forward, the court
text: laughing at something at the throne, parting to let him
dialog: through. :
scene_heading: AT THRONE - AKHNATON AND QUEEN - CHILDREN, FAMILY, ETC. -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Now the source of the laughter is revealed. A daughter
text: of Pharoah is making her monkey do tricks. The Dwarf, in
text: turn, is imitating everything the monkey does. Akhnaton,
text: engrossed in this play, is laughing aloud. His queen is
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: 76 (Cont.)
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
text: smiling. His courtiers follow Pharaoh's lead, laughing
dialog: also, The entrance of Sinuhe into scene is hardly no-
text: ticed and seemingly not noticed at all by Akhnaton.
text: Sinuhe throws himself on his face before the throne and
text: intones the customary salutation.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Mighty Pharaoh, King of Upper and
dialog: Lower Egypt, Living Forever and
dialog: Ever ...
text: Akhnaton turns his attention to him, lifts a hand which
text: stops instantly the childish game and brings silence in
dialog: the court.
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Divine God --
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (in a tone neither friend-
dialog: ly nor unfriendly)
dialog: You have feet, Sinuhe ~~ stand on them.
text: Sinuhe looks up in astonishment. He scrambles to his
text: feet but immediately bows his head contritely and respect-
dialog: fully.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: And look at me.
text: Sinuhe raises his head and looks at him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - AKHNATON - DAY
text: His strange eyes seem to bore into Sinuhe.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE - DAY
text: He starts to open his mouth as if to say something - to
text: make some defense - but remains silent.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - GROUP - AKHNATON - DAY
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: {his tone still im-
dialog: personal)
dialog: You are the son of Senmut, who is
text: ealled The Just, who lives near the
dialog: river docks and is a physician to
dialog: the poor?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: His foster son.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 79 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: Foster? What mean you?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: That I was born an orphan.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: So? Relate this.
dialog: (leans forward)
speaker_heading: SINUHE .
dialog: I know only the little that I have
dialog: myself been told. On the day of my
dialog: birth, I was cast adrift on the Nile,
dialog: as is the custom with unwanted chil-
text: dren - in a boat no larger than a
text: eradle, made of reeds, daubed with
text: pitch, and tied with fowler's mots.
scene_heading: 80 IN SECTION OF ROYAL FAMILY - QUEEN MOTHER TAIA AND
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
scene_heading: BAKETAMON - DAY
text: The old lady gives a start. She leans forward, her eyes
text: glistening with a strange excitement, With an unconscious
text: gesture she grips Baketamon's wrist, whose usual aloofness
text: is enough disturbed that she looks at her mother with
dialog: curiosity.
speaker_heading: SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: (continuing from o.s.)
dialog: My parentage is unknown. The woman I
dialog: have learned to call my mother saw me
text: floating past when she was at the river
dialog: washing clothes and pulled me from the
dialog: water, Because she was childless, she
dialog: thanked the gods and carried me home -
dialog: and she and Senmut have raised me as
dialog: their own.
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: In what year?
scene_heading: ANGLE FAVORING AKHNATON AND SINUHE - DAY
text: Akhnaton turns to look at his mother in surprise. Others
dialog: also, including Sinuhe.
scene_heading: ANGLE FAVORING TAIA AND BAKETAMON - DAY
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: In what year were you born, to sur-
dialog: vive thie river voyage?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 82 (Cont.)
dialog: 83
dialog: 8h
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: In the same year as Pharaoh - so
dialog: Itve been told.
speaker_heading: TATA
dialog: In what season of that year?
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: Is there any point to these questions,
dialog: Mama?
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: (veiling her eyes)
dialog: Curiosity only. :
text: She seems to relax.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (to Eie}
dialog: Proceed, Call the other.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (raps with staff -
dialog: commands sharply)
dialog: The young man called Horemheb!
scene_heading: TAIA AND BAKETAMON - DAY
dialog: Though the queen mother has seemed to relax, in actual-
text: ity she hasn't at all but continues to study Sinuhe. Un-
text: eonsciously she still retains her grip on Baketamon's
text: wrist and the latter has to forcibly remove her hand.
text: Then Baketamon looks off in the direction from which she
text: hears a buzz of excitement.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - FROM BAKETAMON'S PERSPECTIVE ~- DAY
text: Horemheb is walking sturdily toward the throne. His bear-
text: ing, his magnificent physique, cause a stir of interest,
dialog: and especially from the women.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - HOREMHEB ~ DAY
text: He walks like a soldier. At first his eyes are obviously
text: directed toward the throne, then his look shifts in such
text: a manner that we know he is looking at Baketamon.
scene_heading: TAIA AND BAKETAMON - DAY
text: Baketamon is well aware of Horemheb's look and her eyes
text: brighten with an answering fire. Taia plucks at her
dialog: sleeve.
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: This young man they call Sinuhe --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 26.
dialog: (Cont. ) :
dialog: It 4s with a bit of a start that Baketamon comes enough
text: to herself to look at her mother.
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: Note his features!
text: Baketamon glances toward Sinuhe at the throne but then
text: immediately looks toward Horemheb again.
scene_heading: GENERAL ANGLE OF THRONE - DAY
text: As Horemheb arrives before the throne, he is still look-
text: ing at Baketamon. Slowly he transfers his look from her
text: to Akhnaton, He does not make the usual reverence but
text: only looks steadily at the monarch, There is a buzz of
dialog: excitement at this audacity.
scene_heading: SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - DAY
text: Sinuhe grows afraid for him - tries to signal him to make
text: the reverence, but Horemheb doesn't see.
speaker_heading: HOREMEHEB
dialog: Pharaoh is both god and man. May I
dialog: speak to the man?
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT - DAY
text: There is an additional buzz at this additional imperti-
text: nence, If Akhnaton is surprised his inscrutable face
dialog: doesn't show ith
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: {after a pause, with
dialog: @ slight smile)
dialog: Speak.
text: Although Akhnation is smiling, it is by no means a friend-
text: ly smile; lurking in his amusement there seems to be also
dialog: danger to Horemheb.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: I am a graduate of the Military School
dialog: and it is my wish to enter Pharaoh's
dialog: service as a warrior. On the day of
dialog: my birth a god in the form of the sa-
dialog: ered Falcon perched on our roof, fore-
dialog: telling my destiny - that I would one
dialog: day rule over a great army and a great
dialog: woman!
text: (he looks over toward
dialog: Baketamon)
text: There are actual gasps at this audacity.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 9h
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~- BAKETAMON ~ DAY
text: She stares intrigued at Horemheb.
scene_heading: AT THRONE - DAY
text: Akhnaton looks over toward Baketamon, back to Horemheb.
text: As Sinuhe watches, nervous for Horemheb -
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: (with deceptive mild-
dialog: ness)
dialog: I have never heard of you until this
dialog: day, Horemheb. Who are your parents?
dialog: Was your father perhaps a commander
dialog: for my father?
text: The shot tells. Horemheb is suddenly possessed of great
dialog: embarrassment.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: My parents ---
text: He glances at Baketamon, back again - remains silent,
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (with a dangerous smile)
dialog: You were bold enough in speech before
dialog: ~- speak now,
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: My parents were makers of cheese.
text: There is a roar of laughter from all around. But Akhnaton
text: doesn't laugh. Nor Horemheb, Sinuhe or Baketamon.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB - DAY
text: He turns his face toward Baketamon, no longer so proudly
dialog: but with an appeal,
scene_heading: BAKETAMON - DAY
text: turns her face away from him, her interest in him dead,
dialog: her pride insulted.
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT OF THE THRONE ~ DAY
text: Akhnaton glances from Baketamon to Horemheb once more.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (with as mich impa-
dialog: tience as his respect
dialog: for Akhnaton permits)
dialog: May I proceed?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: 9h (Cont.)
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: AKENA TON
dialog: Do.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: Then first Sinuhe - step forward!
text: Sinuhe takes a step or two forward. Eie impressively
text: unrolls a large leather scroll,
speaker_heading: : BIE
dialog: All know the law. The sentence is
dialog: death,
text: Ele turns and signals into background,
scene_heading: PAN SHOT FROM BACKGROUND TO THRONE - DAY
text: An EXECUTIONER, a brawny fellow who carries a long sword,
text: followed by AN ASSISTANT EXECUTIONER, who carries a large
text: copper bowl, comes forward, takes his place near Sinuhe,
text: the assistant placing the bowl on the floor in front of
text: the throne. Onlookers are tense with suspense.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (announcing generally)
dialog: And all have knowledge of the tradi-
dialog: tion --- only in the sacred will of
dialog: Pharach is it known whether the sword
dialog: will fall with the edge --
text: He makes a gesture with his hand, holding it out perpen-
text: dicularly, with fingers and thumb in a line.
dialog: -- or the flat,
text: He changes his hand to a horizontal position.
scene_heading: SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - DAY
text: Sinuhe turns, tries to smile at him bravely, Horemheb,
text: reassuringly. Then Sinuhe looks openly et Akhnaton,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: So let it be.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON - DAY
text: studies Sinuhe, his look inscrutable.
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT - DAY
text: Sinuhe kneels, bows his head forward over the bowl,
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: TAIA AND BAKETAMON - DAY
text: Again the Queen Mother is possessed with intense excite-
text: mont, leaning forward, eyes glistening, again uncon-
text: sciously seizing Baketamon's wrist. The latter looks at
text: her, wondering what possesses her.
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT - DAY
text: Akhnaton nods at Executioner. The latter swings his sword
text: high in an arc, eyes on Pharaoh. Only at the moment that
text: the sword begins its descent does Akhnaton extend his hand
text: - horizontally. The Executioner checks the momentum of
text: the sword, which comes to rest with the flat lightly touch-
text: ing Sinuhe's neck, There is an audible sound of approval
text: from the onlookers.
speaker_heading: SINUHE - DAY
text: looks up at Akhnaton as one delivered from the dead,
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT - DAY
text: Akhnaton smiles, In b.g., Taia relaxes her grip on
text: Baketamon's wrist, smilingly also, but strangely.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: As Sinuhe you are dead, Rise as a
dialog: newborn man.
text: Sinuhe gets to his feet, his face alight. Looking always
text: at Akhnaton he extends a hand behind him - Horemheb grasps
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: With your new life I give you a new
dialog: name which shall be written in Pharaoh's
dialog: Golden Book, which shall be "He Who Is
dialog: Alone," in consequence or your orphan
dialog: birth and journey down the river.
text: He tosses down to Sinuhe an "honor" in the form of a
text: jeweled "chain" (necklace), which Sinuhe in his intense
text: excitement almost fails to catch. Akhnation is now
text: smiling openly, even with affection, at Sinuhe. He speaks
text: again, and with each phrase tosses down another jeweled,
text: golden honor, in the form of a necklace, a bracelet, a
dialog: scarab --
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: Never will I forget that you laid
dialog: your hands on me in peeling: I make
dialog: you physician to my household - and
dialog: may God prosper you,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 102 (Cont.)
dialog: 103
dialog: 10h,
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
text: - until Sinuhe, overwhelmed, cannot believe his good
text: fortune, There is a scene of joy and approval from
text: all, The Dwarf and the monkey are cutting capers.
text: Even Eie is smiling, until -
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (cutting through)
dialog: Horemheb! Stand forward!
text: Instantly all sound ceases. Sinuhe's joy is quenched, as
text: he realizes that in his personal joy he has forgotten his
dialog: friend.
scene_heading: SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - DAY
text: as Sinuhe looks at him, asking pardon.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (smiles a touch wryly)
dialog: I fear that this sword and my neck
dialog: will have a passing acquaintance,
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT - DAY
dialog: as Horemheb steps forward, having decided at any event
dialog: to die like a soldier should,
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (routinely)
dialog: All kmow the law - the sentence is
dialog: death - in the will of Pharaoh --
speaker_heading: AKHENATON
dialog: (interrupts)
text: One moment, High Priest.
text: All look with surprise toward the throne.
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: In this case I wish the will of my
text: sister Baketamon to guide the sword.
text: He looks rather impishly at Baketamon. All gasp and look
text: toward her,
scene_heading: BAKETAMON - DAY
text: at first looks only very startled at Akhnaton.
scene_heading: INTERCUTS BETWEEN HOREMHEB AND BAKETAMON - DAY
text: He looks with hope toward her. She looks slowly from
text: Akhnaton to Horemheb. Slowly a look of haughty pride,
text: of disdain, even a amile of derision shows on her face.
text: Horemheb reads what is so obviously her decision. As
text: he starts to kneel -
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: lil
dialog: lie
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT ~ DAY
text: as Horemheb, kmeeling, extends his neck, there is a buzz
dialog: in courtroom and -
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: (heard from crowd,
dialog: unidentified)
dialog: Pity him.
text: Sinuhe is tense, afraid. The Executioner moves into a
text: position from which he can watch for Baketamon's signal.
text: She is smiling cruelly. She nods. The Executioner
text: swings high the sword and at the same time Baketamon
text: extends her hand <- vertical. Only as the Executioner 1s
text: about to start his downward swing does she change her
text: mind and make the gesture horizontal. There is a sound
text: from the crowd - excitement only as the flat of sword
text: comes to rest lightly on Horemheb's neck.
speaker_heading: SINUHE - DAY
text: Sinuhe breathes a deep breath of relief.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON - DAY
text: looks curiously toward Baketamon, clearly greatly sur-
text: prised.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB - DAY
text: raises his head slowly to look at Baketamon, not so much
text: in gratitude as in a sort of triumph.
scene_heading: BAKETAMON - DAY
text: lowers her hand, which until this moment she has held in
text: the gesture of clemency. But there's no clemency in her
text: expression. There is still only derision.
scene_heading: GENERAL SHOT - DAY
text: Horemheb gets to his feet, unbidden by Pharaoh. He con-
text: tinues to look only at Baketamon during all that follows.
text: Akhnaton looks at Horemhsb. There's no liking in his
text: look. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: AKBNATON
dialog: My sister having shown the way, Pharaoh
dialog: but can follow -- I grant you your wish,
dialog: Horemheb - appoint you an officer in the
dialog: Palace Guard.
text: He tosses down a jeweled collar which strikes against
text: Horemheb and falls unheeded by him to the floor. Sinuhe,
text: startled, rushes to pick it up. Akhnaton smiles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 112 (Cont.)
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: I remember that though you thought
dialog: me a fool you spread your cloak on
dialog: me when I shivered.
text: He tosses down several more honors but with the manner
dialog: of tossing them away rather than bestowing. These like
text: the first fall unheeded to the floor. There is conster-
text: nation in the courtroom and Sinuhe frantically gathers
text: the honors to which Horemheb pays no heed.
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: God has commanded me to love all men
dialog: and so I will try to love you.
scene_heading: BAKETAMON AND TAIA - DAY
text: Baketamon turns to Taia, her derisive expression altered
text: only by a more derisive smile.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: A cheese maker!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 1k
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE STREET TO THE DOCKS" - MOVING SHOT - SINUHE
scene_heading: AND HOREMHEB ~ PASSERSBY - NIGHT
dialog: There are a number of drinking places along this part of
text: the street and the atmosphere is rather gay. Light shines
text: from a tall column of a street lamp, -an open flame. Music
dialog: comes from some interior - probably ‘Syrian music, Some
text: soldiers with girls - a mixed crowd -- someone passing in
text: a carrying chair with runners going ahead shouting, "Make
dialog: wayi” 2...
text: Sinuhe and Horemhebd are slanting across the street toward
text: an inn above the entrance gate of which is displayed 4
dialog: huge dried crocodile which gives the place its name, "The
text: Crocodile's Tail." Wearing all the honors which Akhnaton
dialog: has this day bestowed on them they have set out to make a
text: night of it - but only Sinuhe is in the mood, Horemheb
dialog: being rather glum.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: She commanded our arrest! She gave
dialog: the signal which saved my life! When
dialog: I tried to thank her, she all but spat
dialog: at me! Who can understand a woman!
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: If we could understand them, we might
dialog: not love them.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (with a trace of
dialog: bitterness)
dialog: Easy enough for you to talk ~ your aim
text: is on a tavern girl.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: How little you know her. Half my
dialog: trouble comes from being half in love.
text: When a man gives his heart he gives
dialog: his power - a woman is taken in com-
text: pletely only by a man who does not
text: believe a word he tells her.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (scoffing, but lighten-
dialog: ine to better humor)
dialog: Listen to him who has yet to seduce
dialog: his first slave girl!
text: Sinuhe laughs, agreeing; hugs Horemheb's arm.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: But tonight will be another story.
dialog: The sweet little one says no to a
dialog: poor physician -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 542
dialog: 3h.
speaker_heading: 114 (Cont. )
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: SINUHE (Cont. )
dialog: (jestingly displaying
dialog: jewelry
dialog: = but who can resist the glories of
dialog: Fharaoh's physician?
text: Laughing, they go through gate.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGE LEADING TO INN - SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - TWO
scene_heading: MERCHANTS - KAPTAH ~ NIGHT
text: This is a corridor - (could be a small courtyard) - which
text: leads to the principal room of the Inn. There may be
text: wine jugs stored here. Two MERCHANTS are leaving the. Inn
text: en route to street, followed by Kaptah, a slave, dressed
text: in rags, possessed of one good eye and one blind eye, over
text: the socket of which he wears a dirty patch - and who is
text: making a fervent "pitch" to sell himself
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: Great merchants, buy me at a bargain}
dialog: Feed me on crusts of bread and water!
dialog: Beat me whenever it pleases youl
text: Failing with them as they go out into street, Kaptah sees
text: Sinuhe and Horemheb, who have entered, reverses himself,
text: follows them, attaches himself to Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: Noble lord, beloved of Pharaoh, let
dialog: me be your slave and dog!
dialog: Paying no heed to Kaptah -
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (to Horemheb, hiding
dialog: Pharaoh's jewelry in
dialog: cloak)
dialog: Hide our glitter until she comes to
dialog: the table - take her by surprise!
text: Horemheb hides his jewelry, like Sinuhe; they go in;
text: Kapteah follows.
scene_heading: INT. "THE CROCODILE'S TAIL" - SINUHE, HOREMHEB, KAPTAH -
scene_heading: CUSTOMERS AND SERVING GIRLS - MOVING SHOT ~ NIGHT
text: It is a tavern for the middle classes, fairly well patron-
text: ized, customers being served by girls. Walls are decorated
text: with trophies from far places, including savages! weapons.
text: As Sinuhe and Horemheb come in, Sinuhe, looking for some-
text: one pe does not yet see, Kaptah attached to Sinuhe like a
dialog: eech -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Sh2
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: 116 (Cont.)
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: Take note that I have only one eye,
dialog: Physician! A blemish? - nay! - with
dialog: it I shall make your fortune when I
dialog: go into the streets proclaiming that
dialog: formerly I was totally blind until
dialog: your skill restored half my sight!
text: Conscious of Kaptah only as a vague disturbance, Sinhue
text: tosses back to him a few coppers, alms for a beggar, to
text: get rid of him. Kaptah scrambles for them.
scene_heading: ACROSS ROOM - ANGLE TO MERIT - NIGHT
text: a serving girl, who turns from something she is doing,
text: looks across the room at -
scene_heading: FROM MERIT'S PERSPECTIVE - SINUHE, HOREMHEB, KAPTAH -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: The two friends take their places at a secluded table.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MERIT ~ NIGHT
text: MERIT is a girl of about Sinuhe's age. She wears a simple
text: linen dress, a linen headpiece, a silver ring in one ear,
text: silver bangles on her wrists. By character she is self-
text: possessed, honest, frank, possessed of a sharp tongue,
text: whether used for humor or seriousness. Her face is comely,
text: her eyes warm and living, and always have a mingling of a
text: smile and sorrow in them. Just now - as she looks over
text: at Sinuhe - it seems that it is the sorrow which becomes
dialog: accentuated,
scene_heading: FROM MERIT'S PERSPECTIVE AT TABLE - SINURE, HOREMHEB,
speaker_heading: KAPTAH - NIGHT
text: The slave, having gathered the last of the coppers, sits
text: on floor near Sinuhe, attached even more firmly to him -
text: an act which Horemheb notes, but not Sinuhe, who has just
text: caught sight of Merit.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - MERIT - NIGHT
text: Seeing Sinuhe's eyes on her, she turns away, places a
text: wine jug and two drinking bowls on a copper platter, goes
text: out of scene toward table with them.
scene_heading: AT TABLE - SINUHE, HOREMHEB, KAPTAH - THEN MERIT - NIGHT
text: Seeing Merit coming, Sinuhe, taking even more care to hide
text: Pharach's jewelry, smiles with eager anticipation.
text: Horemheb, because of his own unhappiness, shares only part
text: of Sinuhe's feelings. The slave watches with his one eye
text: on Sinuhe. When Merit enters scene, Sinuhe's expression
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
dialog: 122 (Cont. }
text: changes to astonishment - for she doesn't so much as look
text: at him, nor at Horemheb, but approaches the table as to
text: strangers, her eyes on the tray, her mind apparently only
text: on what she is doing. In this manner she begins to serve
text: the wine. Sinuhe stares at her. Deciding that this must
text: be some game she has invented out of caprice, he opens his
text: cloak with a gesture which he thinks she cannot miss, dis-
text: playing Pharach's honors. Horemheb, alerted, sensing some-
text: thing, does the same. Not a reaction from Merit, her eyes
text: on table and what she is doing. In consternation, sure
text: now that this is a deliberate caprice, Sinuhe is put to
dialog: the necessity of offering -
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Happy is the loveliness of the night.
text: No response. In consternation Sinuhe throws a glance at
text: Horemheb. Merit, finished with her business with the wine,
text: in a tone which plainly says that it is only the customary
dialog: phrase of every serving girl to any customer -
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: May it benefit you.
text: - turns to go. Bewildered, Sinuhe can do nothing except
text: finally to reach out and grab her skirt to stop her.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Merit!
text: She stops, nothing more, refusing to resist the pressure
text: of his hold on her clothing, but not making a move to
dialog: turn.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: What foolishness is this?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Foolishness? It is your usual wine,
dialog: my lord. If you are not pleased ~~
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Merit! Stop it! Itve come to bring
dialog: the most wonderful tidings -
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: - which you could see if you were not
dialog: blind!
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (interrupting, a
dialog: touch sharply)
dialog: Your fame has arrived before you,
dialog: physician to the King of Egypt.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 122 (Gont.1)
text: He stares at her with mouth open. Horemheb is becoming
text: amused at Sinuhe's discomfiture - misery loving company.
text: Kaptah's single eye is alertly taking in everything be-
text: tween the girl and his chosen master.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Ie that all you have to say?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: No. I also have to say that as you
dialog: sit there clutching my skirt, you
dialog: have the manners of a green boy who
text: wishes to approach a serving girl.
text: He drops her skirt like a live coal, throws a look at
text: Horemheb. Horemheb laughs. Sinuhe is stung. He looks
text: back, sees that Merit has gone. He jumps up and, camera
text: moving with him, follows her, grabs her, whirls her
text: around, camera putting them alone in close shot.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Is this some game?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: No, Sinuhe, I am not playing.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (holding her shoulders,
dialog: even shaking her)
dialog: For years have we not said that some
dialog: day the hand of fortune might reach
dialog: down, lift me from poverty and bring
dialog: us our dreams?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (smiles, but sadly)
dialog: For you I am happy. For myself --- why
dialog: should I be happy for something which
dialog: will separate us?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Separate? --
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (with bitterness)
text: The stairway in Pharaoh's palace
dialog: does not lead to the servants!
dialog: quarters, my lord.
text: Sinuhe stares at her a moment, then bursts into laughter.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Stop it, Merit -- take off your
dialog: apron --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 122 (Cont.2)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: SINUHE (Cont. )
dialog: (tries to remove it;
dialog: she stops him)
text: A boat waits on the river with wine
dialog: and music.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (stares again)
dialog: I cannot understand you.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Can't you?
dialog: (cuttingly)
dialog: My name is Merit, and this is a
dialog: decent tavern, and I am not so far
dialog: from being innocent - as you should
dialog: know!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (takes her in his
dialog: arms, caresses)
dialog: But surely you know how I feel -- ?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (for the first
dialog: time furious)
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: (twists out of
dialog: his arms)
dialog: And what you want of me}
dialog: (slaps his face)
dialog: And for what you want, I recommend that
dialog: you go elsewhere!)
scene_heading: 123 WIDER ANGLE TOWARD TABLE - NIGHT
text: from which Horemheb and Kapteh have been taking it all in.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (jumps up eagerly)
dialog: I know just the place, Master! There
dialog: is a wondrous party tonight = right
dialog: next door to the Temple of the Goddess
dialog: of Love}
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (now thoroughly angry)
dialog: Why don't you gol
dialog: (with sarcasm)
dialog: I'm sure that Pharaoh's physician
dialog: would be most welcome!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 123 (Cont.)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Sounds ideal.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: And take your friend with you!
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (goaded from both
dialog: sides, agrees)
dialog: Yesi Why not?
dialog: (with angry humor)
dialog: She is a better physician than I am
dialog: -- as a cure for one woman she pre-
dialog: scribes another)
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: {in such a fury she
dialog: is near tears)
dialog: Just go there] - and then dare ever
dialog: to come back to me}
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Shall I hire a carrying chair for my
dialog: lord?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (to Horemheb)
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Your slave -- you bought him.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Did I?
dialog: (to Kaptah, accepting
dialog: him, too)
dialog: Hire a chair!
text: Kaptah scoots out toward door. Horemheb gets up, all
dialog: ready.
text: Sinuhe turns back for a last thing to Merit.
speaker_heading: SINURE
dialog: And may your precious virtue warm
dialog: you like a woolen blanket on cold
dialog: winter nights?
text: As she watches -
dialog: 52
dialog: 12h
dialog: 125
dialog: ko.
scene_heading: FROM MERIT'S PERSPECTIVE - SINUHE AND HOREMHEB ~ NIGHT
text: march toward the door.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~- MERIT - NIGHT
text: looks after Sinuhe. Her anger turns to regret, Tears
text: fill her eyes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: qa.
scene_heading: INT, WEFER'S HOUSE - CENTRAL HALL ~- LOW ANGLE CLOSE SHOT -
scene_heading: A CAT - NEFER'S LEGS - SOME DANCING GIRLS IN B.G. - NIGHT
dialog: General description of setting: We are in a smart city
dialog: house in which a party is in progress (see illustration
text: WAT'L GEOGRAPHIC Oct. 1941 p 505). There is food, a
text: buffet table heaped with it, with fruits and flowers.
text: There are flowers everywhere -- tubs of growing plants
text: and baskets arranged cleverly with flowers, fruits and
text: vegetables. Alli of the guests wear flowers, garlands
text: around their necks and single blossoms in their head-
text: dresses -- many of the guests carry single blossoms in
text: their hands, Slaves carry around wine vases draped with
text: flowers - and even the tall pink colums which support
text: the ceiling of this two-storied hall terminate with carv-
text: ings representing opening lotus blooms. All of this is
dialog: general description which is to be fully disclosed only
text: as we go along, for scene opens on a close shot of Nefer's
speaker_heading: CAT.
text: The cat wears a colored collar which ts studded with gems
text: and it is tethered to the leg of an armehair, which chair
text: is on a slightly raised dais and is decorated with symbols
text: of the cat-headed goddess, Bast. There is a woman seated
text: in the chair but of her we see only a pair of beautiful
text: legs beneath a sheer linen garment with jeweled anklets
text: above jeweled sandals. The cat is rubbing against the
dialog: legs. In direct b.g., we have a more or less clear
text: suggestion of some DANCING GIRLS who move with sensuous,
text: feline grace to o.s. music of harp, lyre, guitar, tam
text: bourine, pipes and flutes.
text: As the cat looks o.s., its attention apparently arrested
dialog: by something -
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT TOWARD DOUBLE ENTRANCE DOOR TO HALL -
scene_heading: SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - NIGHT
text: Again the scene contains the suggestion of the dancing
dialog: girls along one side of screen, and we may also see at
dialog: least a portion of the ORCHESTRA the members of which,
text: like the dancing girls, are slave girls - but the focus
text: of attention is the ‘door through which Sinuhe and
text: Horemhebd enter. They come in like strangers arriving in
text: unfamiliar surroundings. By entrance slave SERVANTS,
text: both men and women, enter to them, stoop, remove their
text: sandals and begin to wash their feet in rich bowls.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - SINUHE AND HOREMHEB - NIGHT
text: look around and then look at each other as if to say,
dialog: “This ig not so bad." Of the two Horemheb is the more
text: at ease, for Sinuhe still is uncomfortable as a result
dialog: of his quarrel with Merit.
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
scene_heading: THE CAT - NEFER - NIGHT
text: Almost immediately a pair of arms decked with jewelry
text: reach down into scene, take up the cat, and we see
dialog: WEFER, She is very beautiful, with an experienced look
text: about her. Her hair is dyed blue, and is sprinkled with
text: gold and silver powder. She wears much red jowelry.
text: Her eyebrows are blackened and beneath her eyes is painted
text: @ green shadow. But greener than all green are her eyes
text: themselves. Holding the cat on her lap, stroking it, she
dialog: looks off at -
scene_heading: SAME MED, LONG SHOT TOWARD DOOR AS BEFORE - SINUHE AND
scene_heading: HOREMHEB - TWO LADIES - NIGHT
text: The slaves have completed washing the guests' feet and
text: as they replace their sandals and rise a LADY enters
text: scene. She is very attractive, wears a garland around
text: her neck and carries another. This she puts around the
dialog: neek of Horemheb who is nearest her and -
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: > (smiling invitingly)
dialog: Come?
text: She offers her left hand. Horemheb grins back at Sinuhe,
text: takes the lady's hand and allows himself to be led o.s.
text: Sinuhe smiles after him until he feels a garland of
text: flowers slipped around his own neck, turns and sees that
text: a 2ND LADY is smiling at him and offering her hand.
speaker_heading: @ND LADY
dialog: Come?
text: Suddenly Sinuhe finds himself embarrassed and realizes
dialog: that the impulse which has brought him here with Horemheb
dialog: will not mecessarily carry him farther.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
text: (mutters, shaking his
dialog: head)
dialog: You will pardon ...
text: He manages to convey with some gestures that he has some
text: business with someone over there, moves away, edging
text: along the wall.
speaker_heading: NEFER - NIGET
text: watches him, her interest piqued. Then with a gesture
text: of her hand she swmmons TWO NEGROES, great black giants
text: who stand guard behind her chair. They spring forward.
text: One of them carries an ebony box. Nefer looks away from
text: Sinuhe long enough to open the box, select a modest piece
dialog: of jewelry which she tosses off to -
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 13h
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: PAST DANCING GIRLS TO NEFER - NIGHT
text: The leader of the girls catches the bauble. Instantly
text: the dancing and the music stop. The leader bows and the
text: dancers run away. Nefer turns to look back at Sinuhe.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT GOING WITH SINUHE - NIGHT
text: He moves among the merrymakers trying to look as incon-
text: spicuous as possible. Two slaves enter scene from the
text: opposite direction carrying an image of the god, Osiris,
text: & small mummy-image on a decorated bier, accompanied by
text: a BUTLER who is saying to one and all, and to Sinuhe,
dialog: the customary -
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Eat, drink and be joyful - for no
dialog: one knows what tomorrow will bring.
text: The image is followed by girl slaves who bear cakes and
dialog: others who bear wine.
speaker_heading: A GIRL SLAVE
dialog: (to Sinuhe)
dialog: Honey cakes, my lord?
dialog: Painfully aware of being an uninvited guest, Sinuhe never-
text: theless takes a honey cake.
speaker_heading: SLAVE GIRL
dialog: Wine, my lord?
text: Thus pressed, Sinuhe takes a glass of wine and, with
text: the goblet in his hand, chances to look up and see -
scene_heading: FROM SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE - NEFER - NIGHT
text: is looking directly at him.
scene_heading: SINUHE - NIGHT
text: is struck by two things simultaneously: a feeling that
text: this is the most beautiful woman he has ever beheld, and
text: a sharp guilt that he is uninvited here. He turns away,
text: drinks the wine at a gulp, puts the goblet on the tray
dialog: of the slave who is just going away and with this same
text: movement slips out of sight behind some guests.
speaker_heading: NEFER - NIGHT
text: smiles, She boosts the cat off her lap. Turns and
text: signals to a HARPIST in b.g.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - HARPIST - NIGHT
text: who strums his instrument and begins to play.
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 5a
dialog: uy.
scene_heading: AT A SIDE WALL NEAR NEFER - SINUHE - NIGHT
text: is pretending to be interested in a mural on the wall.
text: It is a rather remarkable mural, Cretan in origin, which
text: shows the use of trained cats for stalking game. Sinuhe
text: feels something rubbing against his leg and looks down.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - NEFER'S CAT AND SINUHE - NIGHT
text: The cat is rubbing against Sinuhe's leg. Sinuhe stoops
text: down into scene, strokes the cat, glad to have something
text: to do. Then, when he sees that the cat's leash is being
text: tightened and that the cat is being pulled away, he looks
dialog: Up.
scene_heading: PAST SINUHE TO NEFER - NIGHT
text: As he stares at her, he feels that although she 1s not
text: smiling at all, her business of drawing the cat toward
text: her conveys an invitation.
scene_heading: SINUHE AND NEFER - NIGHT
text: as he follows the cat, as if drawn by ea magnet, to her.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (somewhat awkwardly)
dialog: Is this your home?
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: This is my home and these are my
dialog: guests.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Then it is to you I must apologize --
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: ~ for being here. I came because of
dialog: my friend - who is miserable in love ...
dialog: (starts to remove
dialog: garland of flowers)
dialog: I'll leave,
text: She reaches out and takes one of his hands to prevent his
text: taking off the flowers. At the same time -
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: That officer?
text: She slowly turns her head and looks across the room.
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 4s.
scene_heading: ACROSS ROOM - HOREMHEB AND LADY - NIGHT
text: are seated together drinking wine, From her garland the
text: Lady takes a blossom, hands it to Horemheb.
scene_heading: SINUHE AND NEFER - NIGHT
text: She turns to him, finds that he is looking at her in a
text: manner which plainly says that he has not taken his eyes
text: off her. Her hand is still resting on his in the gesture
text: she used to prevent his removing the garland of flowers.
dialog: After a long pause -
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (with a light jest)
dialog: Have you never seen a woman?
speaker_heading: SINURE
dialog: Hundreds -- in the state the gods
dialog: created them-- I am a doctor.
text: She slowly takes away her hand.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: But I have never seen a woman like you.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Your eyes are greener than the Nile
dialog: in summer -- what are you called?
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: In their foolishness men give me the
dialog: name which means beautiful.
speaker_heading: . SINUHE
dialog: Kefer.
dialog: {after a pause)
dialog: Goodnight.
dialog: (starts away)
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Why do you go?
text: He stops and looks at her frankly.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Because men bring you rich gifts for
dialog: as little as a smile and I am only a
dialog: poor physician. Because ... you will
dialog: laugh et me ... I have never looked
text: at any woman except with the eyes of
dialog: a doctor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Sh2
speaker_heading: 143 (Cont.)
dialog: 1s
speaker_heading: NEFPER
text: (her eyes flicker,
dialog: she smiles)
dialog: Can this be trues?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: In the Temple School it was forbidden.
dialog: Since ...
text: Her eyes have a different look, are glistening with a
text: veiled but deep excitement.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Of all the gifts that a man can bring
text: to a woman which is the only one which
dialog: is above all price?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I cannot say.
speaker_heading: NEPER
dialog: His innocence, of course - which he
dialog: can give only once.
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: Late at night my garden is beautiful
text: by the lotus pool.
text: As he makes a move she turns away - to greet a guest who
text: enters -- a man whe obviously is a RICH MERCHANT, to whom
text: she extends both her hands, not looking any more at Sinuhe.
scene_heading: SINUHE - NIGHT
text: locks at her, his pulses pounding.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT, NEFER'S GARDEN - THE LOTUS POOL - NEFER AND SINUHE -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Shot begins on her. Lying on a couch of mats by the
text: lotus pool, she plays with her cat. As camera pulis
text: back to include Sinuhe, seated by her, hypnotized -
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Do you know why the goddess of love
dialog: is portrayed as a cat?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 52
dialog: 145 (Cont.}
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Nor do I care.
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: Nefer - listen!
dialog: (hands go to Pharaoh's
dialog: chains around his neck)
dialog: All of value I possess was given me
dialog: by Pharaoh, which is not right I give
dialog: away --
dialog: (1s taking off chains)
speaker_heading: NEFER
text: (puts her hand on
dialog: his to stop him)
dialog: What you must think of me! I have
dialog: asked for nothing.
text: (rests his hand, in her
text: hand, on her stomach as
dialog: if by accident)
dialog: But first you shall hear why a passion
dialog: is like a cat and why a woman, too, is
dialog: like a cat - for both have claws which
dialog: can rip and tear into your heart, and
dialog: both can torment their prey. I tell
dialog: you this because I would be honest with
dialog: you. Leave me now -
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: - or you may live to forever regret it.
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: You know I can't leave!
text: She sighs a little as if weary of the game,
speaker_heading: NEFER ©
dialog: So be it then.
text: As she pushes the cat, makes it run away -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 146 EXT, NEFER'S HOUSE - LONG SHOT - SINUHE - DAWN
text: The street is deserted. Sinuhe comes out of Nefer's
text: gate - walks away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: sh2
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. INN "THE CROCODILE'S TAIL" - MERIT AND KAPTAH ~ DAY
text: At first we see only Merit. She is sweeping the floor
text: with a rush broom, Actually she is using the broom more
dialog: as a weapon than a cleaning instrument, for she is very
dialog: angry, and is saying -
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: What business is it of mine where he
dialog: spends his time!
text: As camera movement discloses Kaptah who, very distressed,
text: is pleading with her.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: This morning he bade me send away all
dialog: his patients to other doctors! When
dialog: I tried to talk with him, he beat me!
dialog: He sent for a barber and had himself
dialog: anointed with sweet-smelling oils!
dialog: He ordered a chair, so that he would
text: arrive at her house with his feet un-
text: soiled with dust! He is maddened!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MERIT - DAY
text: struggling with herself, about to make another sharp
text: retort, suddenly goes bleak.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Bring him to me if you can,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEFER'S BATH AND ANOINTING ROOMS - CLOSE SHOT -
speaker_heading: NEFER - DAY
text: She is being given a bath by a SLAVE MAID ~ partially
text: visible ~ who pours buckets of warm water over her. The
text: water is washing the blue dye out of her hair, showing
text: its natural color. Somewhere in the house muted music
text: is to be heard, to which Nefer is humming - until she
text: looks over and is reminded of the presence of someone
text: O.8., and little thought wrinkles cross her brow.
scene_heading: NEAR BATH - SINUHE - DAY
text: Seated on a stool, is looking toward her, devouring her
text: hungrily with his eyes. He is distracted by the passing
text: of a WOMAN SLAVE.
scene_heading: GENERAL SCENE - TIGHT SHOT - GROUP - DAY
text: Bathing is no private function with Nefer. In addition to
text: Sinuhe and the slave maid there are present her customary
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
dialog: ho.
speaker_heading: 151 (Cont.)
text: Negro guards, one holding her ever present jewelry box,
text: and a pet dwarf, who is teasing Nefer's cat. On two
text: e sides of her bath trough there is an L-shaped partition -
text: almost shoulder-high - which blocks a complete view of
text: her to both camera and Sinuhe. The woman slave who has
text: entered carries a small scroll, some message, which she
text: hands to Nefer. WNefer unrolis it, begins to read.
scene_heading: 152 INSERT - MESSAGE - DAY
text: In Egyptian hieroglyphics - a short message. Water from
text: Nefer's bath, colored blue from her hair dye, is washing
text: away the ink on the papyrus, making the message disappear.
scene_heading: 153 CLOSE SHOT AS POSSIBLE HOLDING NEFER AND SINUHE - DAY
text: Her eyes flicker with secret satisfaction before she
text: tosses away the parchment. She looks toward Sinuhe and -
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (carefully light)
dialog: Is it malice or stupidity that brings
dialog: you here today, Sinuhe?
text: He is greatly surprised.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: What do you want?
text: His eyes flicker.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Was I not generous with you? But
dialog: yesterday was yesterday and today is
dialog: today. I am a woman who lives alone
dialog: and must see to the future -
dialog: (with mockery)
dialog: - when your love will have cooled and
dialog: only wolves are at my door --
dialog: (with careless
dialog: frankness )
dialog: - and today a merchant has arrived from
dialog: Babylon --
text: Sinuhe reacts with a start of anger, listens incredulously
dialog: to -
speaker_heading: NEFER
text: - with an anklet of wondrous rubies
dialog: red as blood - which I think tomorrow
dialog: can be mine.
text: Sinuhe's face flushes and hardens with anger.
speaker_heading: CONTINUE
speaker_heading: 542 ( D)
dialog: she
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 153 (Cont.)
dialog: 154,
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (with a bite)
dialog: Now be off.
text: He stubbornly looks at her. She gives him time to think
text: about it; with her manner of light coldness orders her
text: maid by gesture to cease pouring water and wrap her
text: nakedness in linen.
speaker_heading: SINUHE - DAY
text: still looks stubborn. Slowly he comes to a decision. He
text: gestures to someone off and the Negro with the ebony box
text: enters scene, his face a cynical mask. Hating to do it,
text: Sinuhe strips his person of the honors Akhnaton gave him
text: and begins dropping them one by one into the box.
speaker_heading: WEFER - DAY
text: notes this - not showing him that she notes it - and with
text: a secret expression which is a small part satisfaction
text: and most part cynical amusement.
speaker_heading: SINUHE - DAY
text: looks at her as if to say that this is his answer to the
dialog: merchant with the ruby anklet, for this is his all.
speaker_heading: PAN SHOT - DAY
text: Nefer walks lightly to him. Her linen wrapper clings to
text: her wet body. She smiles at him. For a moment she rests
text: her hand on his hair. He smiles, thinking all is well.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Why must all men be such liars and
dialog: deceivers?
text: As his look changes to astonishment she turns away and
text: walks lightly to her anointing room. At the door she
text: stops, turns.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Confess that you are not altogether
dialog: as poor as you pretend. I believe you
dialog: have a house, a slave and valuable
text: instruments of fine copper and stone.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (in violent protest)
dialog: I need these! I ama doctor!
text: She shrugs, goes into the anointing room as if she has dropped
text: the subject. She puts aside her linen wrapper and lies on a
text: table - partially out of view. A slave maid already waits in
text: there for her and is seen to begin to anoint her body with
dialog: oil.
dialog: she
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: Si.
speaker_heading: SINUHE - DAY
text: 4s a victim of a struggle between anger, resentment and
dialog: desire,
scene_heading: THE ANOINTING TABLE - NEFER AND HER SERVANT MAID - DAY
text: exchange for a moment a secret knowing look, before -
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (carelessly calling
dialog: out to Sinuhe)
dialog: I ask for nothing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD OF SINUHE'S HOME - PULLING BACK FROM SOME
text: OF SINUHE'S DOCTOR'S INSTRUMENTS TO GROUP OF DOCTORS,
scene_heading: STUDENTS, KAPTAH - DAY
text: Sinuhe is speaking as scene opens.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Fellow physicians and students of the
dialog: House of Life, rejoice that we are
dialog: Egyptians, foremost in the world in the
dialog: science of healing. We know the skill
dialog: of curing blindness with a needle - the
dialog: use of splints for broken bones - of
dialog: salves to prevent wounds from festering -
dialog: of drugs to induce false sleep so that
dialog: men do not feel pain.
text: Camera has pulled back to include the whole scene. Sinuhe
text: is about to give a demonstration before fellow physicians
text: and students. He is being assisted by another PHYSICIAN.
text: Kaptah squats on the ground near him, eyeing his master
text: with anxious distress. Sinuhe's thoughts are not with
text: what he is saying; his thoughts are with Nefer.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (proceeding with
dialog: difficulty)
dialog: Honored am I to have been asked to
dialog: demonstrate my specialty, the unique
text: art of boring skulls.
text: Sitting in a chair with a linen sheet draped around him
dialog: is the PATIENT on whom the demonstration is to be given.
text: He is rolling his head and moaning with pain,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
text: This man suffers with evil spirits in
dialog: the head.
dialog: (to patient)
dialog: Where does it pain most?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 160 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (groans)
dialog: Everywhere!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (to assisting physician -
dialog: holding out hand)
dialog: My instrument ~
dialog: (with sudden unconscious
dialog: outburst)
dialog: I cannot do without my instruments!
text: At the shocked look from assisting physician Sinuhe realizes
text: what he has said. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (murmurs )
dialog: You will pardon -
text: He goes to the patient and with a small hammer which he
text: has taken from the assisting physician he taps the
text: patient's head in various places. When he hits a certain
text: spot the man screams.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (continuing with
dialog: difficulty)
dialog: In this spot beneath the skull there
dialog: is an ugly growth.
dialog: tte patient, hand~
dialog: ing him cup}
dialog: Drink this and in a moment you will
dialog: be without pain.
text: Sinuhe is beginning to hear music, on sound track, the
dialog: same he heard when last with Nefer, With a hand which
text: trembles he takes a boring instrument from the assisting
dialog: physician.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (continuing with
dialog: greater difficulty)
dialog: I shall cut away a piece of bone from
dialog: this man's skull, remove the growth,
dialog: replace the bone with a disc of silver --
dialog: (suddenly to assistant
dialog: physician)
dialog: Finish for me!
text: To the astonishment of all he rushes away and out of the
dialog: courtyard.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164.
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. NEFER'S WALL AND GATE - MOVING SHOT - SINUHE AND
speaker_heading: KAPTAH - NIGHT
text: Sinuhe is hurrying toward the gate carrying a scroll.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (desperately pleading)
dialog: Do not cast me off, master!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (very angry)
dialog: I am no longer your master!
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (seizes Sinuhe's
dialog: clothing)
dialog: Come with me to the Inn! I beg you!
text: Sinuhe stops and with great anger raises his arm to strike
text: the slave, but seeing that Kaptah patiently awaits the
text: blow, changes his mind and lowers his arm. About to go
text: on toward gate he stops again when he sees -
scene_heading: FROM SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE TOWARD GATE - NIGHT
text: A rich carrying chair awaits before the gate, attended by
text: SLAVES and RUNNERS. Out of Nefer's gate, with all the
text: air of a man who is satisfied, comes an obviously wealthy
scene_heading: BABYLONIAN MERCHANT. It is to be noted - for future
text: reference - that in his headdress he wears a‘marvelous
text: diamond. As he allows his servants to help him into the
dialog: chair -
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - SINUHE - NIGHT
text: guessing at the implication, becomes at once angry and
text: desperate, runs to the gate. Nefer's GATEMAN is just
text: closing the gate. Sinuhe squeezes through,
scene_heading: EXT. NEFER'S GARDEN - LONG SHOT - SINUHE - NIGHT
text: runs through the garden past the lotus pool to house.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE DOORS TO NEFER'S GREAT HALL ~ SINUHE ~ NIGHT
text: rushes through just as another SERVANT is closing the
dialog: doors.
scene_heading: INT. NEFER'S GREAT HALL - SINUHE - NIGHT
text: looks wildly about, presently sees -
scene_heading: ANGLE TOWARD ADJOINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: within which lights are being extinguished.
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT ~ SINUEE - NIGHT
text: runs into adjoining room.
scene_heading: INT. ANTEROOM TO NEFER'S BEDROOM - SINUHE AND A WOMAN
scene_heading: SERVANT - NIGHT
text: The SERVANT is extinguishing the lights, possibly has all
text: except one extinguished, She looks with surprise to
text: Sinuhe as Sinuhe stops and looks about.
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: {with a smile therefore
dialog: with impertinence)
text: Late is the night, young master,
speaker_heading: NEFER'S VOICE
dialog: (from adjoining room)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Sinuhel
scene_heading: INT. NEFER'S BEDROOM = NIGHT
text: She is being prepared for bed by her slave maid.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Why do you come at this hour?
dialog: You have left me alone this long
dialog: day and now I am tired.
scene_heading: INT. ANTEROOM TO NEFER'S BEDROOM - SINUHE AND WOMAN
scene_heading: SERVANT - THEN, NEFER, NEFER'S MAID = NIGHT
text: Sinuhe looks to the door through which he has entered,
text: thinking of the merchant he saw leaving Nefer's gate.
text: His expression is touched with cynicism for a moment.
text: In scene behind him, the woman servant titters, holding
text: her hand over her mouth, Sinuhe looks back toward the
text: doorway to Nefer's bedroom, After a pause =
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I have brought the deed.
text: He watches her door. After a moment the curtains part
text: and Nefer appears in doorway. She is smiling.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Will you not come in and say
dialog: goodnight to me?
text: She turns and disappears into her bedroom. Sinuhe goes
text: toward her doorway. WNefer's maid appears in doorway
text: carrying Nefer's ebony box. She opens the lid and in
text: passing Sinuhe drops the deed into the box,
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT, NEFER'S BEDROOM - CLOSE SHOT AT NEFER'S BED - NEFER
scene_heading: AND SINUHE ~ NIGHT
text: She is laying herself down on her couch. Sinuhe appears
text: dn doorway and comes to her. The room is almost in dark-
text: ness. He looks down at her, a victim of regret and of
dialog: desire.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Now you possess all that I once owned
dialog: - my house, my slave, my instruments
dialog: of a physician - even the clothes I
dialog: WeAT.
text: She reaches her arms up to him. He takes her hands,
text: kmeels beside the bed. With one hand she brings his
text: head to rest against her breaste
scene_heading: SHOT OF NEFER'S BED = CLOSE SHOT NEFER'S CAT ~ NIGHT
text: Into scene drops Nefer's arm and her fingers stroke the
text: cat. After a moment -
speaker_heading: SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: In my dreams I say your name = over
dialog: and over = Nefernefernefer.
speaker_heading: NEFER'S VOICE
dialog: Sinuhe ... why have you chosen to
dialog: conceal from me that your father owns
dialog: a house near the docks «.- 7
speaker_heading: SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: I cannot give you what is not mine}
text: Nefer's hand is seen to stiffen, then slowly relax and
text: stroke the cat again.
speaker_heading: NEFER'S VOICE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: It is your inheritance, as well you
dialog: imow. =<- Goodnight, Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: Sh2
dialog: 17h
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD OF ARMY BARRACKS - LONG SHOT - HOREMHEB
scene_heading: AND SOLDIERS - DAY
text: As mach of the courtyard as we see is filled with soldiers.
text: They are engaged in a violent, lusty game exercise ~ using
text: spears as staves they duel, beating each other, yelling
dialog: with delight,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HOREMHEB - DAY
text: participates - stripped to the waist, enjoying himself
text: hugely as he almost kills a hapless opponent.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT FROM GATE OF BARRACKS TO HOREMHEB ~ SINUHE - DAY
text: enters, He is tired. He has come expecting a disagree-
text: able interview. He stops by Horemheb who doesn't see
dialog: him until -
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: You sent for me?
text: Horemheb stops and looks at him. He is breathing hard
text: from his violent exercise. He looks with anger at
dialog: Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: I ought to drive this spear through
dialog: your head! Are you mad?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (after pause)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: Pharaoh's daughter is i111! Every
dialog: hour Akhnaton asks for you.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: {after a pause, beaten)
dialog: I no longer practice medicine,
text: As Horemheb reacts with great shock and astonishment,
text: Sinuhe turns away and walks back toward the gate.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. "STREET TO THE DOCKS" ~ SINUHE - NIGHT
text: comes alone down street - slowly, dejectedly. It is very
text: late; the street is deserted. He stops at his modest
text: gateway beside which hangs a signboard on which is painted
dialog: the symbol of a physician - (use Babylonian symbol akin
text: to modern caduceus). Sinuhe looks at it a moment, takes
text: it down, carries it with him as he goes through gate,
text: across small, dark courtyard into his small house.
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: She
dialog: 57-
scene_heading: INT, ROOM IN SINUHE'S HOUSE ~- SINUHE AND MERIT - NIGHT
text: This is a single room which serves as living quarters,
text: kitchen and doctor's surgery; equipped with a narrow
text: sleeping cot, a hearth, and a corner where there are
text: stools, a low table, and where Sinuhe's physician tools
dialog: and medicines are kept. It is very dark in here, only
text: a feeble glow from night sky filters in through some
text: windows high in the wall. Sinuhe makes his way to a
text: lamp. He does not see that Merit is seated on his sleep-
text: ing cot, where she has been waiting for his arrival.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ MERIT ~ NIGHT
text: Her eyes follow him. Probably she is frightened inside
text: herself, but her expression shows also a determined
dialog: resolution.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE - NIGHT
text: Even when he gets the lamp lighted he doesn't immediately
text: see her. He looks again at the sign he has brought in-
text: side with him, his face bleak for a moment before he
text: tosses the sign aside. His eyes are caught by some sur-
text: gical instruments, of stone and copper, lying on the
text: table. He reaches for a bag and begins to pack them
dialog: away.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ MERIT ~- NIGHT
text: The sight is too much for Merit.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (distressed)
dialog: Sinuhe!
scene_heading: TwO SHOT - NIGHT
text: Startled, he drops the instruments, whirls around. For
text: & long moment they look at each other across the room
dialog: before -
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (frankly, determined)
dialog: I have been waiting --
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (interrupting, harshly)
dialog: If it is a doctor's advice you seek,
dialog: see him who will occupy this house
dialog: tomorrow!
text: She shakes her head violently to stop him. Understanding
dialog: that this is not the purpose of her visit, he studies
text: her. He walks across the room slowly to her. She meets
dialog: his look for a long time before -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 182 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: You were a fine doctor. Your life
dialog: was rising like the sun. Will you
dialog: let this woman -- ?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: {again interrupt-
dialog: ing, harshly)
dialog: Did Kaptah send you?!
text: Of course he is driving against her out of contempt for
text: himself, out of guilt, out of a despair which he will
dialog: not acknowledge.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (quietly, control-
dialog: ling herself)
dialog: I need no one to tell me what to do.
text: His look acknowledges that he kmows how true this is.
dialog: He refuses to acknowledge anything more and -
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Then why did you come?
text: Her eyes drop away. Her breathing comes more rapidly.
text: As her fright increases, but as her determination in-
dialog: creases also -
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: For many nights you have been absent
dialog: from the Inn. For many nights - alone
dialog: on my sleeping mat - I have thought of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (deliberately per-
dialog: verse, sarcastic)
dialog: What are you trying to say, sweet
dialog: Merit?
dialog: (of course he knows)
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (with an uncontrol-
dialog: lable outburst)
dialog: What it should not be necessary for me
dialog: to say when you come home at this hour
dialog: and find me waiting for youl!
text: She has said it - it is out. She looks at him openly.
text: She is still frightened at what she has decided, but
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Sh2
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 182 (Cont.1)
dialog: 183
text: it has been decided. For ea long moment he looks at her.
text: Deep in his heart he has feelings which he will not
dialog: acknowledge.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (in the anger of despair)
dialog: You are a little late! If you would
dialog: take her place, change your eyes from
dialog: brown to green ~- change your name to
dialog: that one which means beautiful so that
dialog: I shall repeat it over and over!
dialog: Sprinkle your hair with gold, paint
dialog: your mouth red ~~ change your heart
dialog: to evil -- |
dialog: (stops himself)
text: Seeing that her eyes flood with tears, he drives with
dialog: harsher cruelty.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: You wish to help me? Then do!
dialog: (produces a scroll)
dialog: With this I deed her my inheritance --
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (rises with horror)
dialog: No, Sinuhe!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: The home in which my aged parents
dialog: live - the tomb they have prepared
dialog: for their eternal rest -~ {
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: You cannot do this!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: It needs the signature of witnesses --
dialog: be the first to sign!
text: He holds it out to her. She strikes it from his hand.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: The gods take pity!
text: Breaking into sobs she runs out. Sinuhe looks after her.
text: Then slowly, without spirit, he stoops to pick up the
dialog: document.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEFER'S GARDEN - ANGLE TO GATE - SINUHE AND GATEMAN -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Gate is being opened and Sinuhe is being let in. He walks
text: as if half drugged, as if he has slept too long under the
text: narcotic of shame. From ahead of him he hears the sound
text: of some soft music, stops momentarily to look at ~
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: 18). FROM SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE - AT POOLSIDE - NEFER - GIRL-
scene_heading: SLAVE ORCHESTRA ~- DAY
text: Lying on a couch of mats Nefer is idly picking at some
text: e fruits and dates, while three of four members of her
text: GIRL-SLAVE ORCHESTRA entertain her. Today her hair is
text: dyed red = her jewelry is green to match her eyes, except
text: for a magnificent diamond she wears in her headpiece -
dialog: which stone we have seen previously in the headpiece of
text: the Babylonian Merchant when he came out of her gate.
text: She sees Sinuhe, watches him a moment then -
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (pleasantly complaining)
dialog: How late you are.
scene_heading: 185 MOVING SHOT - DAY
text: bringing Sinuhe to her, slowly, eyes on ground.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (lifelessly)
dialog: I have deeded to you the home of
dialog: my parents.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (as before)
dialog: I had begun to think that I had
dialog: grown old and ugly in your eyes.
text: e He fumbles in his belt, takes out the document, holds it.
text: She smiles, but makes no move to take it.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Today you shail know my heart's
dialog: gratitude.
text: He hesitates, hands her document. In the last second
text: he almost withholds it as he sees the diamond. Not
text: kmowing the reason for his hesitation, Nefer, after she
dialog: has the document -
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Or tomorrow.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (with a quietness which
text: she doesn't yet realize
dialog: as deadly)
dialog: That diamond is new?
text: She hesitates a moment, waiting to see if there is any-
dialog: thing more to it than a simple question; when he says
dialog: e nothing more -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 542
speaker_heading: 5u2
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 185 (Cont.)
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: It was once a queen's I am told.
text: She turns away, finding her ebony box, on tiles beside
text: her couch, opens lid of box.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (as before)
dialog: I have seen it before.
text: She stops all movement, alerted, but not looking at him.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
text: On the headdress of a Babylonian
dialog: merchant.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - NEFER - DAY
text: She throws a look at him, hesitates, makes the cynical
dialog: decision that he from whom she has taken everything so
text: easily, is easily handled = turns away again, her look
text: completely away from him, deposits the deed in her ebony
dialog: box during -
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Do not be vexed, Sinuhe. I deceived
text: him. He was a paunchy man, as fat
dialog: as a pig -~
dialog: (earning back, stops
text: abruptly, fright
dialog: widening her eyes)
dialog: Sinuhe.
dialog: (a second later,
dialog: in terror)
dialog: Sinuhe!!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT PAST NEFER TO SINUHE - DAY
text: With a sound that is half groan, half yell, he grabs her
text: throat with his two hands, gives a jerk and with one
text: heave throws her into the pool in b.g.
speaker_heading: ORCHESTRA - DAY
text: as girls scream, drop their instruments with a jangle,
text: run, scattering, screaming.
scene_heading: IN POOL - SINUHE AND NEFER - DAY
text: He actually means to drown her - is holding her head
text: under as she struggles. The dye from her hair is stain-
text: ing the water blood red.
dialog: she
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: ANGLE TO HOUSE ~ SERVANTS - DAY
text: rush out into garden - mostly women, screaming - but
text: also Nefer's two giant Negroes, who rush forward toward
dialog: pool.
scene_heading: IN POOL - SINUHE AND NEFER - TWO NEGROES - DAY
dialog: He is holding her under -- we are close on them -- we
text: ean see the bubbles of her expiring breath rising out
text: of the red water, Sinuhe's contorted face. As a Negro
text: hurls himself into the pool on top of Sinuhe it is
text: mostly an impression of something coming past camera
text: to make a great splash on the water.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - FIGHT - DAY
text: The Negro who has come in after Sinuhe heaves him to
text: pool's edge, where he is seized by second Negro, pulled
text: up like a toy, smashed in the face into the trunk of a
text: tree, at the foot of which Sinuhe falls down, half in-
text: sensible. Second Negro out of pool, a rushing blot past
dialog: camera.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - SINUHE, TWO NEGROES - FIGHT - DAY
text: One Negro picks up Sinuhe, hits him, sending him spinning
text: against Second Negro, who picks him up in his two hands,
text: high into the air over his head, hurls him toward garden
text: gate onto ground, First Negro instantly on him, picks
text: him up, high over head, hurls him toward gate. These
text: giants handle him like a sack of grain.
scene_heading: IN POOL - NEFER AND SERVANTS - DAY
text: as she is being helped out, as she recovers some breath.
scene_heading: EXT, STREET BEFORE NEFER'S HOUSE - ANGLE TO GATE - GATEMAN,
scene_heading: TWO NEGROES, SINUHE - DAY
text: Gate is opened; Sinuhe, with a great heave, is thrown
text: into foreground, into the street; gate is slammed shut.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - SINUHE ~ KAPTAH - DAY
text: On the ground - dirty, bloody, unconscious ~ Sinuhe makes
text: an effort to rise - only a slight, convulsive movement -
text: stiffens into the dirt, After a moment camera pans away
text: slightly. Peering cautiously around the corner of a wall
dialog: comes the one eye of Keptah.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 197
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. A BEDROOM IN PHARAOH'S PALACE - TIGHT GROUP SHOT -
scene_heading: AXHNATON, QUEEN NEFERTITI, A CHILD, AN EGYPTIAN DOCTOR -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: It is a simple room ~- (see illustration NAT'L GEOGRAPHIC,
dialog: Oct. 1941, p. 486) + a domestic scene which could happen
dialog: 4n any home. The child is sick = youngest of Pharaoh's
text: daughters. The mother sits on the bed, cradling the child
text: in her arms. The father paces nervously. The DOCTOR is
text: an old man, who sits on a chair beside the bed. Ona
text: table in front of him is his medical chest. For a moment
text: he consults a papyrus seroll, looks toward the child,
text: obviously unsure of himself,
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Make haste!
text: The old man looks piteously at Pharaoh.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR “
dialog: Punish me!
speaker_heading: PHARAOH
dialog: (brushing this aside)
dialog: Tell me what's wrong with my child!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: My eyes are old -- I am of the old
dialog: school,
text: Akhnaton makes an impatient gesture.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Not many days ago I was present at
dialog: @ demonstration in the courtyard of
dialog: @ young physician called Sinuhe, He
dialog: Who Is Alone -
speaker_heading: AKHANATON
dialog: (interrupting - with
dialog: anguish - as if to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Where is Sinuhe!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I believe that this child suffers from
text: a growth beneath the skull such as he
dialog: described and that only this young man
dialog: can save her.
text: At the sound of footsteps approaching, Akhnaton whirls
text: toward doorway.
dialog: she
dialog: 198
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: ANGLE TOWARD DOORWAY FROM CORRIDOR - GROUP AS BEFORE -
scene_heading: HOREMHEB - THE BAKETAMON - NIGHT
text: As Horemheb appears in doorway, makes obeisance, Akhnaton
text: impatiently gestures him to come in.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: You have come alone?
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (sadly)
text: With bad news.
dialog: (comes to Akhnaton)
dialog: His house has been sold --
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: I know, I know,
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: I went this afternoon to the home of
dialog: his parents. I found that his parents
dialog: are dead.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (even in this moment
dialog: sympathetic)
dialog: Oh. ee?
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: He was not there -- Only a crowd of
text: grieving neighbors and some officers
dialog: of the law, who were trying to take
dialog: possession, for this house, too, has
dialog: been sold.
text: Behind him in doorway Baketamon appears. Horemheb does
text: not at first see her as she enters and walks toward bed.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: From there I went to the residence of
dialog: a certain woman -
text: (voice alters as he catches
dialog: sight of Baketamon)
dialog: - with whom he is enamored --
text: He is searching Baketamon's face, hoping for some sign
text: of recognition from her. But she gives him none, only
text: sitting on the bed beside the Queen to comfort her.
speaker_heading: HOREMEEB
dialog: - but this woman denied any imowledge
dialog: of his whereabouts...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM IN THE HOUSE OF SINUHE'S PARENTS ~ SINUHE AND
speaker_heading: KAPTAH - DAY
text: This is the principal, all-purpose room of a middle-class
text: home. Sinuhe stands looking about him, horror-stricken.
text: His face and body show the effects of the beating he was
text: given by Nefer's Negroes. Kaptah is beside him, almost
text: weeping. On the bed lie the two shroud-wrapped bodies
text: of Sinuhe's parents. The smoke from the fireplace, by
dialog: which they have ended their lives, still clouds the
text: ceiling and drifts out through door and high windows into
dialog: the courtyard.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (dead tone)
dialog: How did my parents die?
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (emotionally)
dialog: By their own hands, my lord, Smothered
text: with smoke from the hearth.
text: Sinuhe looks about, suffering, looks toward ceiling at --
scene_heading: ANGLE TOWARD CEILING ~- CLOSE SHOT ~ CRADLE BOAT - DAY
text: which is suspended from the ceiling. It is made with
text: reeds, tied with fowler's knots, daubed with pitch - and
text: begrimed with many years of smoke from the hearth.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE AND KAPTAH - DAY
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: There is the boat in which I drifted
dialog: down the Nile.
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: In their simplicity they said I was
dialog: a gift from the gods -- not knowing
dialog: what evil the gift would bring them.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (after pause)
dialog: Your father left you a letter which
dialog: he dictated to a scribe.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Read it.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: Master, you Imow I cannot read.
text: Sinuhe takes the papyrus roll which Kaptah hands him,
text: unrolls it, and begins to read.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 201 (Cont.)
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I, Semmut, and his wife Kipa send greet~
dialog: ings to our son Sinuhe. Throughout your
dialog: life you have brought us only joy, and
dialog: great has been our pride in you. We are
dialog: grieved for your sake because you have
dialog: met with reverses, and we believe that
dialog: in all you did you could not help your-
dialog: self. Do not grieve that you were
dialog: required to sell our tomb, for all exist-
dialog: ence is vanity -- we are old, and death
dialog: comes to us as welcome as sleep to the
dialog: weary.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ SINUHE - DAY
text: as he continues reading only with greatest difficulty.
speaker_heading: SINUHE ©
dialog: (reading with emotion)
dialog: Remember always that we blessed you
dialog: before we left. May all the gods of
dialog: Egypt protect you from danger, may your
dialog: heart be shielded from sorrow --- such
dialog: is the desire of your father and your
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOUSE OF DEATH" - SINUHE - WORKERS ~ FOREMAN ~
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Introduce scene by camera coming through vapor from great
dialog: vats of copper and/or stone, Horror should not at any
dialog: time be emphasized nor revolting details shown in this
text: place where the bodies of the dead are mummified. How-
text: ever, well in beg. of scene, almost completely shrouded
dialog: in vapor, there might be indications of the mechanics by
text: which bodies are carried up to vats on ramps, divested
text: of their shrouds and thrown into the liquid chemicals.
dialog: But predominantly the effect should be only mystic and
text: weird, a kind of inferno - hell on earth. Possibly a
dialog: green light cast over scene would be effective. Just
dialog: before scene is disclosed, we hear -
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I am Sinuhe - called He Who Is Alone -
dialog: As scene is disclosed -
dialog: = and my name is written in the Book
dialog: of Life of the Physicians.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: 203 (Cont.)
dialog: 204,
text: We see that Sinuhe has already laid down the shroud-wrapped
text: body of his father and is just laying down that of
text: his mother. A group of curious workers gather around.
dialog: These are of the lowest order of human beings, ragged,
text: unkempt, filthy. A big fellow, whose only slightly bet-
text: ter appearance identifies him as the FOREMAN, approaches
text: Sinuhe as the latter straightens.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Into this House of Death I have brought
text: the bodies of a man and a woman to be
dialog: preserved by your art that they may
dialog: enjoy eternal life in the hereafter.
speaker_heading: A WORKER
dialog: (with evil eagerness)
dialog: Is the woman young?
dialog: (stoops to lift shroud)
speaker_heading: 2ND WORKER
dialog: (angrily leaping to
dialog: intercept him)
dialog: By lot this one belongs to me!
text: The first worker had peeped beneath the shroud, reacts
text: with distaste.
speaker_heading: 1ST WORKER
dialog: Take her! She's an old hag!
text: With one blow, Sinuhe knocks them both aside. The
text: Foreman seizes hold of Sinuhe to prevent further violence.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE AND FOREMAN - NIGHT
text: as Sinuhe subsides.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (wheedling - avaricious.)
dialog: Are you a noble lord? Have you gold?
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: The pennies to pay for having my
dialog: parents transported here were loaned
dialog: me by my former slave.
dialog: {as Foreman reacts)
dialog: In truth I have nothing --
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: (off to workers;
dialog: carelessly)
dialog: Throw these bodtes in the river.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 20) (Cont. )
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (seizing him desperately)
dialog: I will work for you to pay!
text: The Foreman looks at him as if he can't credit his ears.
scene_heading: GROUP OF WORKERS - NIGHT
text: who also in their animal way look at Simhe as if he is
dialog: crazy - demented.
speaker_heading: SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: Iwill serve you in this House of Death
dialog: for as long as is needed]!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE AND FOREMAN - NIGHT
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Only the accursed of the gods or
dialog: eriminals take service here.
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: There is no man here who is not better
dialog: than I!
text: As camera goes away through vapor again:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. "THE VALLEY OF THE KINGS" ~- LONG SHOT, INCLUDING
scene_heading: RIVER NILE - NIGHT
text: It is a winding narrow valley in the desert with red and
text: purple cliffs and hills. Bathed in moonlight, it is a
text: beautiful and peaceful sight.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: AT A ROYAL TOMB ~ SINUHE - KAPTAH ~- A GRAVE ROBBER -
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: Built into the face of a hill is the white portico and
text: entrance to a royal tomb. (See illustration NAT'L GEO-
scene_heading: GRAPHIC Oct. 1941 p.503.) The GRAVE ROBBER is a former
text: criminal, as his mtilated ears testify. But he has a
text: good heart. The three men are smoothing flat the sand
text: over the graves which they have dug for Simbhe's parents
text: rather near the doorway to the tomb.
speaker_heading: GRAVE ROBBER
dialog: Do you not know that it is forbidden
dialog: for any but peeple of royal blood to
dialog: be buried in the Valley of the Kings?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 208 (Cont.)
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (in bad humor)
dialog: Every child knows this!
speaker_heading: GRAVE ROBBER
dialog: I marvel that you dare to lay the
dialog: spirits of your parents of common
text: pirth near this tomb of a sacred Queen.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: My parents hed very little in their
dialog: earthly life.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: You can go now, Kaptah. I can give
dialog: you nothing but my gratitude.
dialog: (turns to grave
dialog: robber)
dialog: And you -- you're a kind man though
dialog: a@ grave robber.
dialog: (a rueful half laugh)
dialog: Tomorrow I may join you in your trade --
dialog: (to Kapteh)
dialog: Some day I may see you.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
text: The future is hidden, Master.
text: As the two of them start to leave Sinuhe -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE GRAVE - SINUBE - NIGHT
text: 4s seated mourning alone for his parents. After a moment
text: or two he hears a sound down the valley, looks around.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - SINUHE AND MERIT - NIGHT
text: Merit is walking up the valley, walking past ea half-
text: completed tomb on which work has been abandoned for the
text: night, toward Sinuhe. Sinuhe peers, not yet able to
dialog: identify who is coming.
scene_heading: GLOSER ANGLE - MOVING SHOT - MERIT - NIGHT
text: bringing her toward Simhe. She carries a woven basket
dialog: . of provisions and @ rolled-up mat of the type used for
dialog: sleeping.
scene_heading: SINUHE - NIGHT
text: He sees that it is Merit, jumps to his feet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 212 (Cont. )
dialog: 213
dialog: 24
dialog: 215
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Stay away! For forty days and nights
dialog: I have labored in the House of Death.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT AS BEFORE - BRINGING MERIT TO SINUHE - NIGHT
text: Merit comes along. She is completely self=-possessed,
text: sure of herself - but is nowise offensively so - only
dialog: with the beautiful simplicity which in every way implies
dialog: that yesterday is dead yesterday and tonight is new.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Kaptah told me I would find you here.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: The odor of death is on me.
text: She steps near him, at what might be termed a respectful
dialog: distance, fearing that to come further without his con-
dialog: sent might offend him.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: I have brought wine and honey cakes.
speaker_heading: _ SINUHE
dialog: I have joined a cast which is shunned
dialog: by every living being!
text: Merit finds a spot close by where the sand is smooth,
text: sets down her burdens, seats herself and opens her bas-
text: ket. He watches her, dumbfounded.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MERIT - NIGHT
text: She looks up at him. With simplicity, with the slight-
text: est kind of gesture, indicates an invitation to come sit
text: beside her.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - NIGHT
text: bringing Sinuhe to her. He looks down at her for a long
text: time, understanding why she has come but not quite yet
text: believing. Merit smiles.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: It's very simple, Simbhe -- almost too
dialog: simple to need words - what I give, I
dialog: give only from the heart.
text: He stoops swiftly and gathers her into his arms. Camera
dialog: pans away and up, during which movement -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - EFFECTS SHOT - NIGHT TO DAY
text: At first we see only the clear night sky, stars, one star
text: brighter than all the rest. Then the sky brightens into
text: dawn and the stars pale out as predawn light glows. An
text: eagle is heard to scream in the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. "VALLEY OF THE KINGS" ~- NEAR GRAVE OF SINUHE'S
scene_heading: PARENTS - CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE - DAY
text: awakens with a start. His arms are in a position as if
text: he had held someone in them. By first impulse he looks
text: beside him ~-- Merit is gone -- there is only the print of
text: her sleeping mat in the sand, Then he hears a noise in
text: the valley below him -- looks.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - FROM SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE - DAY
text: Someone is driving a chariot rapidly up the valley.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CHARIOT - HOREMHEB - DAY
text: He is driving his team at furious pace.
scene_heading: NEAR TOMB OF SINUHE'S PARENTS - DAY
text: Sinuhe recognizes Horemheb - rises.
scene_heading: HOREMHEB - CHARIOT - DAY
text: Horses rearing and pawing the air as Horemheb pulls them
text: to an abrupt stop - dust rising in clouds as Horemheb
text: jumps out.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - HOREMHEB AND SINUHE - DAY
text: There is an air of calmness about Sinuhe of accepting fate
dialog: whatever 1t may be, which contrasts with Horemheb's
text: violence, a kind of friendly anger.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
text: The daughter of Pharaoh is dead - for
dialog: lack of the medical help which you
dialog: could have provided! You are being
dialog: searched for everywhere!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (calmly, resigned)
dialog: Since you have found me and you are
dialog: the captain of Pharaoh's palace guard -~
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (violently)
dialog: Is this the way you think I interpret
dialog: friendship? Get int
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 42
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 222 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 223
dialog: 22h
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
text: He grabs hold of Sinuhe's clothing at the shoulder,
text: practically throws him into the chariot, jumps in after
text: him, applies whip to team.
scene_heading: LONGER ANGLE - CHARIOT - DAY
text: as chariot 1s driven away in the direction from which it
text: came, at the rapid speed with which it came.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN THEBES ~ AT A CORNER - LOW ANGLE SHOT -
scene_heading: CHARIOT - HOREMHEB AND SINUHE - DAY
text: Chariot comes around corner at a furious pace, almost
text: directly at camera. Horses paw the air as Horemheb pulls
text: them to a stop. He pushes Sinuhe out of chariot, throws
text: something after him. .
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (rapidly, incisively)
dialog: This is as far as I dare take you.
dialog: Here's a purse - there's silver in it -
dialog: ali I have!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Horemhebd --
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
text: A ship sails down the river this morning!
dialog: Take it! Your life is forfeit in Egypt --
dialog: never dare to return! .
text: He applies whip to team.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE - DAY
text: Stands looking after him, holding the purse, gratitude
dialog: for Horemheb's friendship, many other things passing
text: through his mind. Turning, he sees -
scene_heading: SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE - DOWN STREET - SQUADRON OF SOLDIERS -
speaker_heading: DAY .
text: are approaching.
speaker_heading: SINUHE - DAY
text: looks around, wondering where to hide. Over his shoulder
dialog: he sees:
scene_heading: EXT. “STREET TO THE DOCKS" FROM SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE - DAY
text: The entrance'to the Inn, "The Crocodile's Tail."
dialog: she
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 23h
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM NEAR GATEWAY TO THE INN - SINUHE - DAY
text: runs toward the Inn. As he arrives at the gateway to the
text: Inn he sees another squadron of soldiers beginning to come
text: out of the Inn. He runs past, gets past just in time,
text: ducks into another doorway. Camera movement makes a close
text: shot of him there. He watches the soldiers, looks around,
text: wondering where he will be safe. Presently he hears ~
speaker_heading: KAPTAH'S VOICE
dialog: (from 0.8., distant calling,
dialog: syllables drawn out)
dialog: He Who Is Alone!
text: Sinuhe looks in that direction.
scene_heading: ANGLE DOWN STREET FROM SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE - KAPTAH - DAY
text: rather far away, hiding in a doorway, is frantically
text: signaling to Sinuhe. Well beyond Kaptah at the end of
text: the street we see the suggestion of a river ship, its
text: sails being hoisted.
scene_heading: COMPREHENSIVE SHOT - DAY
text: Sinuhe comes out of his hiding place, goes down the street
text: in direction of Kaptah and the ship. First he walks, then
text: he runs.
scene_heading: GATEWAY TO INN, "THE CROCODILE'S TAIL" - MED. SHOT ~
scene_heading: SOLDIERS - MERIT - DAY
text: Soldiers are posted at the gateway as if they intend to
text: remain there. Merit comes out of the gateway. She looks
text: nervously at the soldiers. She looks up and down the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MERIT - DAY
text: Of course she has not seen Sinuhe - but it is as if some
text: intuition has told her that he has been near. She is
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RED SEA - MOVING SHOT - BRASSY WATER UNDER HOT SKY -
speaker_heading: DAY
dialog: over which we hear:
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: And so I shook the black mud of Egypt
dialog: off my feet.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
dialog: 7h.
scene_heading: EXT, THE HOUSE ON DESERT - OLD SINUHE - DAY
text: For a moment he muses rather sadly.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: As many as the sands of this desert
dialog: were the follies of my youth. Heavy
dialog: was my punishment -- then, as now,
dialog: I was an exile from my home.
text: He raises his head, His tone changes as he begins
dialog: another story.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: I saw the whole world. I saw the rulers
dialog: and the people. I saw the gods the
dialog: people worshipped.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SHORT SERIES OF REPRESENTATIONS OF THE GODS OF MANY LANDS -
speaker_heading: DAY
dialog: which include: Jehu of the Khabiri (Hebrews); the bull-
text: headed Minotauros of the Cretans and others; many-breasted
text: Astarte; fire-belching Baal.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN SMYRNA - MOVING SHOT - PASSERS-BY -
scene_heading: SINUHE AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: Camera slowly crosses narrow street. We get enough of the
dialog: color to realize that we are in a land foreign from Egypt.
dialog: There are Syrians, Hittites, Mitannians, Hebrews. There
text: is the suggestion of a camel caravan.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: Life gave me no delight -- my heart
dialog: cried for my home. He who has once
dialog: drunk of Nile water will forever yearn
dialog: to be by the Nile again -- his thirst
dialog: cannot be quenched by the waters of
dialog: any other land!
text: Camera arrives at Sinuhe and Kaptah. They are the only
text: ones who wear Egyptian clothes. A definite suggestion of
text: weariness in Sinuhe suggests that a considerable time has
dialog: elapsed since he left Egypt - as much as a couple of years.
text: His clothing and Kaptah's are rather seedy. As Kapteah
text: watches him with his gimlet single eye, Sinuhe is looking
text: around him in a manner which plainly says that he is an
text: alien in a strange land. Seeing Kaptah's eye on him, he
text: returns the slave's look for a long moment before -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 75.
dialog: 237 (Cont.}
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Kaptah, is there no means by which we
dialog: can ever return to Egypt?
speaker_heading: KAPTAR
dialog: Only one, master. By means of the only
dialog: thing in which every man believes -
dialog: whatever his color.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Gold.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (entertaining the idea,
dialog: half question, half
dialog: statement )
dialog: Gold.
speaker_heading: KAPTAR
dialog: Which can buy anything.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
text: (with a smile, but not at
dialog: all dismissing the idea)
dialog: You are a cynic, slave.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (half mischievous,
dialog: half serious)
dialog: You are a cynic also, master ~ without
dialog: yet knowing it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EFFECTS SHOT - MONEY - DAY
dialog: of many lands and sorts - rings of metal, jewels, crude
text: coins, clay tablets on which sums are written in Assyrian
dialog: cuneiforms. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. AN AMURRU TENT - GROUP - KING AZIRU, HIS CHIEFTAINS,
scene_heading: A SICK BOY - SINUHE AND KAPTAH - NIGHT
text: It is a wild and barbaric setting lit with flickering
text: torchlight. KING AZIRU is a giant savage king with a
text: curled, blue-black beard. He is sitting on a camp stool
text: by a bed on which his SON of about twelve years of age lies
text: tossing feverishly. Aziru's CHIEFTAINS are almost as bdar-
text: baric looking as he. With Kaptah standing by, Sinuhe rises
text: beside him after having examined the sick boy. Aziru
text: follows Sinuhe with his eyes and we see that tears are
text: running like rivulets from his eyes into his beard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 239 (Cont.)
dialog: 240
speaker_heading: AZIRU
dialog: Save my son, gifted Egyptian, and I
dialog: will give you one-tenth of all my
dialog: wealth, as I am Kingt
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: Your son's spirit is drifting close
dialog: to the shores of the Western Land
dialog: from which none has returned.
dialog: (whispers to Kaptah)
text: A simple infection.
dialog: (to Aziru)
dialog: Two-tenths of your wealth, King.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PORTION OF THRONE ROOM OF THE KING OF BABYLON -
scene_heading: TIGHT SHOT - KING, DOCTORS - SINUHE AND KAPTAH ~ DAY
dialog: Get the suggestion of bigness out of impression and detail
text: ~ Babylonian drawings, highly colored, on a wall - impres-~-
text: sive throne. KING BURNABURIASH of Babylon sits on the
text: throne -- a nasty, beardless boy. One of his jaws is
text: swollen out to the size of an orange. Two of his DOCTORS
text: stand by dressed in the weirdly feather-like garment of
text: their calling. There may be a suggestion of others. On
text: their faces on the floor in front of the throne are Sinuhe
text: and Kaptah, Their clothing is now rich and they are both
text: loaded down with ornaments of gold and precious stones.
scene_heading: KING BURNABURIASH
dialog: (in a petulant tone)
dialog: Egyptian, your fame has traveled ahead
dialog: of you, but from where I sit I can see
dialog: nothing remarkable about you.
speaker_heading: KAPTAE
dialog: My master can cure the blind, bring the
dialog: dead to life -- !
scene_heading: KING BURNABURIASH
dialog: Silence! Another word and a live slave
dialog: will be dead.
dialog: (looks at Sinuhe,
dialog: waits)
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I perceive that your Majesty is possessed
dialog: of the nastiest devils I have ever encoun-
dialog: tered.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a2
speaker_heading: TT.
speaker_heading: 240 (Cont.)
text: After the King of Babylon looks with fear at his doctors -
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (whispers with amuse-
dialog: ment to Kaptah)
text: A toothache.
text: Sinuhe gets to his feet, looks at the King boldly. Kaptah
text: starts to get to his feet, thinks better of it and goes
dialog: down again.
speaker_heading: BURNABURIASH
dialog: (craftily)
dialog: What price do you beg for to cast out
dialog: these devils?
speaker_heading: SINUBE
dialog: My fee - like my skill - will amaze you.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 2h1
dialog: 2k2
dialog: 243
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: A REPRESENTATION OF THE GODS OF THE HITTITES - A CHIMERA -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: which is a fearful beast made with two heads - man and
text: animal - the body of a lion, wings, a serpent for tail.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: I came to the land of the Hittites.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, A TENT OF THE HITTITES - GROUP - PRINCE SHUBBILULIUMA,
scene_heading: HITTITE COMMANDER - SINUHE AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: This tent is a military tent, severe. Its walls are hung
text: with military maps. The tent is of medium size and is
text: connected to an adjoining tent by means of a tented pas-
dialog: sageway. Although we do not see the inside of this se-
text: cond tent, the sounds of ringing metal which come from
text: it suggest that it is a big field armorers' shop. Sit-
text: ting on a camp chair is PRINCE SHUBBILULIUMA. He is a
text: man of middle age who, though he wears a military uniform,
text: suggests a diplomat more than a commander. The group of
text: his COMMANDERS who are around him, however, look like
dialog: just what they are - and transplanted to the modern world
dialog: would be Nazis or Soviets... The Prince is wearing a ban-
text: dage slant-wise across an injured eye. Sinuhe is care-
text: fully examining this eye, using a glass which magnifies.
text: Kaptah is standing nearby looking around, his interest
text: on the maps. There is silence until Sinuhe completes
text: his examination. As he straightens up -
scene_heading: PRINCE SHUBB.
dialog: Can you make my eye whole again?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Between a serious question and an
dialog: answer there should be an interval
dialog: of thought.
dialog: He has perceived the direction of Kaptah's look, He,
text: too, looks at the military maps on the wall.
scene_heading: INSERT ~ MILITARY MAP ~ DAY
text: It shows the land of the Hittites, Syria and Egypt. Two
text: colored lines plainly indicate military routes, one lead-
text: ing across the sea past Crete to the Nile, another land-
text: ward through Syria to the Nile, the lines converging at
dialog: the delta.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE - DAY
text: The commanders are looking uneasily at each other. The
text: Prince seems completely unruffled.
speaker_heading: (CONPINUED )
speaker_heading: 542
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: 2h, (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 2k5
speaker_heading: 2h6
scene_heading: PRINCE SHUBB.
dialog: Do you see something in that map more
dialog: interesting than in my eye?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: At least stranger to me, Prince, for
dialog: I am not a military man. if my name
dialog: were Horemheb I think I should con-
dialog: clude that you Hittites are planning
dialog: an invasion against the land of Egypt.
text: There is an appreciable start from the commanders at
text: this. The Prince looks around at them unruffled and
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: PRINCE SHUBB-
dialog: It matters not what this man sees.
dialog: In our land he is an honored guest
dialog: whom we like so much we are going to
dialog: keep here for life.
dialog: (to Simuhe)
dialog: Shall we agree on your fee?
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Do not demand more than half the
dialog: Kingdom.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I shall astonish you. My fee shall
dialog: be exactly of the size of the foreign
dialog: particle which has lodged in your
dialog: princely eye.
text: The Prince laughs and Sirmhe laughs with him. He bends
text: forward to business. He has one of the Commanders hold
text: open the Prince's eye. From a portable medicine kit he
text: takes a small copper instrument like a tweezer, another
text: like a mimute Imife. Kaptah begins to walk around the
text: tent. This makes the commanders nervous, especially
text: when Kaptah gets near the passageway leading to the tent
dialog: of the armorers.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE - DAY
text: takes from the Prince's eye a small sliver of metal which
text: he hides in his clothing. He straightens up. .
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Done.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - GROUP - DAY
scene_heading: PRINCE SHUBB.
dialog: (to Sinuhe)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ou2
dialog: 80,
speaker_heading: 2h6 (Gont.)
speaker_heading: 2h7
dialog: 248
speaker_heading: PRINCE SHUBB (Cont. )
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: My gratitude shall be expressed as
dialog: follows: this man and his companion
dialog: are to be allowed to see what they
dialog: wish in this land, hear what they
dialog: wish, travel anywhere ~ except across
dialog: the border.
text: The commanders smile and laugh with appreciation of the
text: Prince's humor. Sinuhe bows. He walks away, picks up
text: Kaptah and they go together through the passageway lead-
text: ing into the big tent.
scene_heading: INT. BIG ARMORERS TENT - GENERAL SHOT - DAY
dialog: In this place weapons of all sorts are made - spears,
text: scythes for chariots, knives... It is the close of the
text: day and many of the armorers are leaving their tasks and
text: going out of the tent, but some still hammer at their
dialog: forges.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE MOVING SHOT - SINUHE AND KAPTAH ~ A HITTITE
speaker_heading: ARMORER ~- DAY
text: Sinuhe and Kaptah come along looking about at what they
text: can see. Sinuhe seems to be increasingly possessed of
text: an almost unbearably great inner excitement. Presently
text: they come upon the forge of AN ARMORER. Obviously he
text: knows Sinuhe for he smiles and nods a greeting to him.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: My friend, --
dialog: (from out of clothing
dialog: takes particle removed
dialog: from Prince's eye)
dialog: ~ from the eye of your Prince I have
text: removed a small sliver of a metal
dialog: with which you Hittites make your
dialog: weapons. What is it called?
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: I cannot answer.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I think this new metal will change the
dialog: history of the world. What is it
dialog: called?
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: I cannot answer.
text: Ee freezes at something offscene.
speaker_heading: 2k9
dialog: 250
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: ANGLE TO INCLUDE SEVERAL OF THE COMMANDERS - DAY
text: who were in the Prince's tent and who are now coming by.
text: Beyond them we see that the last of the armorers are
dialog: quitting work and that in a moment or two this particular
dialog: armorer will be the last. The commanders are in very
dialog: good spirits.
speaker_heading: A COMMANDER
dialog: (to armorer)
dialog: Tell this guest anything he wants
dialog: to imow.
text: He and his companions laugh at the joke as they pass
text: along to go out of the tent.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - SINUHE, KAPTAH, ARMORER - DAY
text: The armorer goes to a rack on which are kept many weapons
dialog: of various sorts including some copper and some of the
text: new metal. He picks up a spear with ea copper head. He
text: drives it against his stone anvil. The spearhead bends
dialog: double,
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: (with contempt)
dialog: Egyptian copper’
text: He picks up another, drives it against the anvil. It,
dialog: too, bends double.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: (with contempt)
dialog: Egyptian bronze!
dialog: {tosses it aside)
text: He picks up a third, of the new metal. He drives it
text: against the stone anvil. The weapon chips a piece from
dialog: the stone.
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: Iron.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (repeats )
dialog: Iron.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Sell me a spearhead of this metal,
speaker_heading: ARMORER
dialog: This I cannot dol
text: Simuhe doesn't bargain with him - not with words. He
text: takes a richly jeweled bracelet off his arm, tosses it
text: at the armorer's feet. The armorer's eyes glitter but
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 250 (Cont.)
dialog: 251
text: his face sets and he stubbornly shakes his head. One by
dialog: one Simuhe divests himself of every jewel and ornament
text: he wears, until the armorer ig in a sweat. Kaptah is
text: looking on in horror.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (cries out)
dialog: Master, have you taken leave of your
dialog: senses]
text: Sinuhe begins on Kaptah, taking off from him every piece
dialog: of value.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (almost in tears)
dialog: Take my life but not these!
text: When all is on the ground in front of the armorer Sinuhe
text: looks at him. The armorer walks to the rack, takes a
text: spearhead, without handle, brings it surreptitiously and
text: hands it to Simuhe, With a look of joy Sinuhe takes it
text: and hides it in his clothing. As armorer goes to pick
text: up the wealth camera moves to close shot of Sinuhe and
text: Kaptah who, during this latter part of the scene, has
text: been rendered speechless in his anguish.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: You have given all your wealth for one
dialog: spearhead of iron?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (with excitement and
dialog: oy)
dialog: With this passport I will dare return
dialog: to Egypt! Soon we will go -
scene_heading: DIRECT CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE IN DESERT ~- OLD SINUHE - MIDAFTERNOON
text: Begin on close shot. On Old Simuhets face there is
dialog: exactly the same expression we have seen on Sinuhets face
dialog: in the land of the Hittites, and in direct contimation
dialog: of the speech in the preceding scene -
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: - home!
text: Camera pulls slowly back.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: We escaped to a ship, on which we took
dialog: passage as two merchants of Syria.
dialog: It was prudent that we enter Egypt in
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: aye
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 251 (Cont.)
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254,
dialog: 255
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE (Cont.)
dialog: disguise for I was under sentence of
dialog: death, and my only chance lay in
dialog: getting to Horemheb with my great
dialog: secret.
text: He pauses, his tone changes.
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: How my heart leaped when from the
text: horizon rose the sight of the delta
dialog: of the Nile.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BANK OF NILE - REEDS - DAWN
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: Again I would hear the whispering of
text: the reeds at sunrisel
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LOTUS FLOWERS IN BLOOM - DAY
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
text: See the lotus flowers unfolding on
dialog: the shore}
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PROW OF EGYPTIAN SHIP ~ SINUHE AND KAPTAH ~ DAY
text: The ship is moving slowly up the Nile. In beg. we see
text: the Sphinx and the three great pyramids past which the
text: ship is moving | ~- but the Sphinx and the pyramids as they
dialog: were in those days ~- not crumbled away, but white with
text: limestone and deseratea with bright colors. Sinuhe and
text: EKaptah are in scene, looking about and looking ahead,
text: Both are in disguise, shrouded in the long enveloping
text: gowns and headpieces of Syrian merchants.
speaker_heading: OID SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: At last I sailed past the majestic
dialog: pyramids. Up my green valley watered
dialog: by the Nile?
dialog: (a pause, then ominously)
dialog: But what did I find?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MONTAGE OF SHOTS - DAY
text: to show disaster: PARCHED EARTH, veined with DEEP
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: oye
dialog: 8k.
speaker_heading: 255 (Cont.)
dialog: 256
scene_heading: FISSURES - WATER WHEELS and a SHADOFF (water derrick)
text: standing still and useless - CROPS, burning with drought -
text: the WATER OF THE NILE, dirty, dead bodies drifting among
dialog: crocodiles...
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: I found Egypt in ruins -- swept by
dialog: drought, famine, sickness and death!
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN THEBES - NEAR ROYAL GRANARIES - MOVING
scene_heading: SHOT - SINUHE AND KAPTAH - A BEGGAR WOMAN AND CHILD -
scene_heading: PASSERS-BY - DAY
text: Sinuhe and Kaptah are coming along, obviously having
text: just arrived, for Kaptah is burdened with their travel-
text: ing bags. They move cautiously, alert for any signs of
text: danger, and Kaptah is very frightened.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: Better we had not come here, where if
dialog: they do not hang us, we'll surely
dialog: starve!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: We will soon be at the barracks.
text: He reassures himself by feeling the Hittites spearhead
text: which is concealed in his clothing. Propped against a
text: wall is a BEGGAR WOMAN, starving, clothing in rags,
text: with a small CHILD in her lap, tugging at the woman's
text: empty breasts.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Alms, alms -~- in the name of the gods!
text: Sinuhe stops, stops Kaptah.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Give this woman alms, Merchant of
dialog: Syria.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (sotto voce, protesting)
dialog: Our last coppers?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (to woman)
dialog: You shall have alms for answers to
dialog: some questions.
text: The woman holds up her scrawny hands, piteously.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: In Syria we think of Egypt as the most
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: 256 (Cont.)
dialog: 257
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: SINUHE (Cont.)
dialog: prosperous nation on earth -- yet here
dialog: we find nothing but misery and famine.
dialog: From what cause?
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: The wicked Pharaoh, cursed be his name!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (genuinely surprised)
dialog: You dare speak of your sacred Kirg
dialog: Akhnaton in this way?
speaker_heading: BEGGAR WOMAN
dialog: (venomous ly }
dialog: He has forbidden to worship with the
dialog: ancient godsi He has decreed that the
dialog: people must worship only his god Aton.
dialog: fhe ancient gods are angry and punish
dialog: us with drought and famine! Curses
dialog: rain upon Pharachl!
text: Sinuhe takes the coppers out of Kaptah's reluctant hand
text: and tosses them into the hand of the beggar woman.
speaker_heading: BEGGAR, WOMAN
dialog: The ancient gods bless youl
text: Sinuhe and Kaptah move along, the camera moving with them.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Can this be our Egypt - brought to the
text: verge of civil war by a petty squabble
dialog: over gods?
text: Ahead of them they hear the growing sound of many people
dialog: and stop, look.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET BEFORE ROYAL GRANARIES - LONG SHOT - MOB OF
scene_heading: PEOPLE - EGYPTIAN SOIDIERS - DAY
text: The granaries are separated from the street by a high
text: wall and strong gates. Above the wall project the high
text: domes of the structures in which grain is stored. A
text: large and curious mob of people tries to get to the gates
text: to break into the granaries. The gates are being defen-
text: ded by a not large detachment of Egyptian foot soldiers.
scene_heading: ANGLE OF THE PEOPLE ~ DAY
text: somewhere on their costumes the symbol of the Cross of
text: Life. Others wear symbol of the Horns. They fight
dialog: against the soldiers with anything they can lay their
text: hands on -- stones and sticks.
speaker_heading: 5h2
speaker_heading: 259
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: ANGLE TO THE SOEDIERS - DAY
text: They are all armed only with spears - spears of wood,
dialog: and these they do not use as weapons but hold them in a
text: lateral position trying to form a sort of "chain" with
dialog: which to hold the people back.
scene_heading: ON STREET - SINUHE AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: Kapteah, frightened, would turn back, but Sinuhe takes
text: hold of him.
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: This is our way to the barracks. ,
text: He pulls Kapteah forward.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF GRANARIES - SEVERAL CLOSER ANGLES
speaker_heading: ~- DaY
text: to develop the course of the fighting. It is obvious
dialog: that the mob will win for their weight against the wood~
text: en spears is causing them to break - snap like matches.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET AT GATE TO ARMY BARRACKS - GENERAL SHOT -
scene_heading: AN EGYPTIAN LIEUTENANT, OTHER OFFICERS - A DETACHMENT OF
scene_heading: FOOT SOLDIERS - SINUHE AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: At opening of scene a small detachment of FOOT SOLDIERS
text: is being dispatched on its way, apparently to help quiet
text: the riot before the granary. They pass by in f.g. and
text: when they have gone disclose Sinuhe and Kaptah, who are
text: approaching the gateway of the barracks. Kaptah is
text: staunching the flow of blood from his wounded face. We
text: see in f.g. the Egyptian LIEUTENANT who has dispatched
dialog: the troops. We have seen this man before, before he was
dialog: a lieutenant, when he was the sergeant who brought Sinuhe
text: and Horemheb to Akhnaton's throne room. Beside him are
text: a couple of other officers and beyond him, in the court-
text: yard of the barracks, can be seen a few other soldiers.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (in disgust to the
dialog: other officers)
dialog: Of what use to send troops who are
dialog: forbidden to fight!
text: He goes through gateway into courtyard of barracks. At
text: the same time Sinuhe and Kaptah arrive at gateway and
text: start through. They are held back by a sentry and his
dialog: spear,
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: None enter here.
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: 263
dialog: 26k
dialog: 265
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD OF BARRACKS - ANGLE TOWARD GATE -
scene_heading: LIEUTENANT, OTHER OFFICERS ~ SENTRY - SINUHE AND KAPTAH ~
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The Lieutenant turns to see what is happening.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: To see Horemheb.
text: With a gesture the Lieutenant orders the sentry to let
text: Sinuhe and Kaptah enter. They come to the Lieutenant
text: and other officers. Kaptah is holding back, nervous at
text: being so close to the armed authority. His manner is
dialog: enough to incite suspicion.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: What can a Syrian merchant want with
dialog: the Commander?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I have something of great value for him.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Horemheb is not here. I am in command.
dialog: Give it to me.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (stubbornly )
dialog: It is for Horemheb alone.
text: The Lieutenant is studying Sinuhse, not only with suspi-
text: cion but with the birth of recognition. He goes closer
text: to him. Sinuhe, sensing danger, averts his face.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LIEUTENANT, SINUHE, KAPTAH IN B.G. - DAY
text: Kaptah is extremely nervous. The Lieutenant reaches out
text: and grabs hold of Simhe's chin, jerks him around so
text: Sinuhe's face is fully disclosed to him. Sinuhe tries
dialog: to remain calm.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Youtre no Syrian - and I'm beginning
dialog: to remember you.
text: Simuhe makes a break.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - GROUP ~ DAY
text: Sinuhe tries to get to the gate, but the officers who
text: were with the Lieutenant grab hold of him and other sol-
text: diers rush up to help. At the same time, Kaptah makes a
text: break and in the excitement he manages to get away,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 265 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
text: through the gate to the street, where he disappears from
dialog: sight.
scene_heading: AT SINUHE ~ OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS - DAY
text: In the struggle the Hittite spearhead, ‘which Sinuhe car-
text: ries in his clothing, is loosened and falls with a clang
text: to the paving stones.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~- THE SPEARHEAD - DAY
text: As Sinuhe, restrained by the soldiers, tries to pick up
text: the spearhead, the Lieutenant's foot steps on it.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - CLOSE SHOT - LIEUTENANT, SINUHE, OFFICERS,
scene_heading: SOLDIERS - DAY
text: Lieutenant picks up the spearhead and examines it.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (as a man whose sus-
dialog: picions are confirmed)
dialog: For Horemheb?
dialog: (holds spearhead
dialog: like a dagger)
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: {hotly protesting)
dialog: If you recognize me, you know I am
dialog: his friend! Take me to him!
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (to others)
dialog: This man is under sentence of death --
dialog: put him in chains...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
speaker_heading: 271
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: 273
dialog: 27h
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT, PRISON CELL - SINUHE ~ DAY
text: It is almost like night in here, though it is day. A
text: little early morning light comes through a very high,
text: very small window. Sinuhe is in chains, Unable to walk
text: on account of the chains, he sits on the dirty floor,
text: his back propped against a stone wall ~ a victim of
text: apprehension and despair. There is some unspeakably
text: unappetizing food in a bowl on the floor nearby which he
text: has not touched, He is unshaven, his clothing and hair
text: are matted with the dirty straw on which he has slept --
text: all indications are that he has been in prison for at
text: least forty-eight hours, Presently he hears, as a source
text: of even greater apprehension, the sound of marching feet,
text: obviously military, approaching.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE SINUHE'S CELL - FEET AND LEGS OF
scene_heading: A SQUADRON OF SOLDIERS ~- DAY
text: marching past. Through some doorway in b.g., we see an
text: indication of a street and daylight.
scene_heading: INT, SINUHE'S CELL - CLOSE SHOT SINUHE - DAY
dialog: He can interpret what he hears in only one way ~- that
text: the hour of his execution is at hand. He looks toward
text: the cell door.
scene_heading: FROM SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE TO CELL DOOR - SOLDIERS,
scene_heading: LIEUTENANT - DAY
text: Soldiers appear first, stop outside the door. Then the
text: Lieutenant, who unlocks the door.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE - DAY
text: is now sure that his fears are well grounded. Then
text: abruptly his expression alters tremendously into amaze-
text: ment as he sees:
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE ~- SINUHE, SOLDIERS, LIEUTENANT, PRINCESS
scene_heading: BAKETAMON - DAY
text: Dressed in a flowing gown of white linen, immaculate,
text: wearing ornaments of her rank, Baketamon appears like
text: a vision in the cell doorway. Sinuhe tries to move,
text: manages despite his chains to prostrate himself on the
dialog: eell floor.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Sister of Pharaoh}
text: For a moment the Princess looks down at Sinuhe's figure,
text: her expression completely enigmatic. Then she turns to
text: the Lieutenant, who is fawning and apologetic.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 27h (Cont.)
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: 276
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: (peremptorily)
dialog: Strike this man's chains, Have him
text: bathed and dressed in the finest linen.
dialog: Bring him to my chariot that I may take
dialog: him to the Golden House.
text: She turns and walks out of sight down corridor.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SINUHE - DAY
text: raises his head to look after her in pure amazement.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, PRIVATE APARTMENT OF QUEEN MOTHER TAIA IN THE PALACE ~
scene_heading: SINUHE AND TAIA - TWO NUBIANS - DAY
text: Scene begins on a close shot of Sinuhe in the same attitude
text: as the previous scene, that is prostrate on the floor.
text: He has been bathed and dressed in fine linen. The floor,
text: made of tiles, is decorated with gold and semiprecious
dialog: stones.
speaker_heading: QUEEN TAIA'S VOICE
dialog: Arise, Sinuhe - I have much to say to
dialog: you.
text: Camera pulls back. This room gives out onto the court-
text: yard of the House of Women in which a pleasant fountain
text: plays in the bright sunlight. In the Queen Mother's
text: room are a great number of birds which twitter in cages.
text: The old Queen is sitting cross-legged on a rich mat. She
text: is a curious mixture of royalty and peasantry. On her
text: peasant's hands she wears rich rings. She is drinking
text: ale. Present in the room are the two RUBIANS who are
text: waiting on her. It is obvious also from the fact that
text: they both have drinking cups near at hand, that they have
dialog: been drinking with her. They are interesting, if somewhat
text: sinister fellows, of a race which has pointed heads as a
dialog: result of having them shaped when infants; and who wear
text: ivory pins through their noses. The Queen has set aside
text: some work she has been doing, a mat of reeds she has been
text: weaving. Sinuhe gets to his feet. He is astonished at
text: what is happening to him, and bewildered.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I am here to serve you, Great Queen
dialog: Mother. Are you 111?
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: Egypt is ili.
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: And I am Egypt, Sinuhe, in spite of
dialog: thet puny son of mine who sits on the
dialog: throne. Do you believe me? .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: gi.
speaker_heading: 276 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 277
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: I will believe what the Great Queen
dialog: Mother tells me to believe.
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: You will be wise to do so.
dialog: (then lightly)
dialog: Drink ale with me. °
dialog: (to Nubian)
dialog: Serve him,
dialog: (to 2nd Nubian)
dialog: Hand me my work.
dialog: (to Sinuhe)
dialog: Do you like my Nubians? Murderous
dialog: fellows - I adore them --
dialog: (to both Nubians)
dialog: Run away - but not too far - I may
dialog: need you.
text: As the Nubians, having done the Queen's bidding, go out -
text: as Sinuhe wonders what he has gotten into -
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: Sit with me, Sinuhe, I command you.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - SINUHE AND TAIA - DAY
text: Sinuhe sits down near her thinking that now at last some
dialog: key to the mystery will be given him. But for a space
text: Taia only weaves on her mat, and then -
speaker_heading: TATA
dialog: Dontt you admire the way a Queen can
dialog: weave a mat of reeds?
text: Sinuhe looks with surprise at the mat, watching the flying
text: fingers of the Queen. Then something about the mat strikes
text: him very forcibly. The Queen looks at him and he at her,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Are those fowler's knots?
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Was I not born a bird-catcher's daughter?
dialog: Tell me, Sinuhe, -- you said you were
dialog: born in the same year as Akhnaton. In
dialog: exactly what season of that year were
dialog: you born and abandoned to the Nile in
text: a little boat made of reeds and tied
dialog: with kmots like these?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 277 (Cont.)
dialog: 92.
text: For a moment Sinuhe entertains a chilling thought. Then
text: he abandons it as being ridiculous.
dialog: For some
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I am told that Pharach was born in
dialog: the spring in the sowing season. I
dialog: came the previous autumn when the
dialog: floods stood at their highest.
speaker_heading: TATA
dialog: I thought I could not have been
dialog: mistaken.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: (as 1f changing the sub-
dialog: ject, but actually not)
dialog: I will tell you about my own youth. I
dialog: was only fourteen when I came to this
dialog: Golden House - to a real Pharaoh. In
dialog: his House of Women were three hundred
dialog: wives ~- and I. The others despised me
dialog: for my dusky skin and broad feet, but
dialog: I kmew the way to charm Pharaoh --
dialog: don't laugh -- I had the beauty of a
dialog: young body and knew how to use it.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I am not laughing.
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: It was my resolve that no other wife
dialog: should bear a son and bring him alive
dialog: to Pharaoh until I had done so.
text: reason Sinuhe's look is drawn to her fingers
speaker_heading: TATA
dialog: But when I deemed it time for breeding
dialog: I bore, to my horror, a girl - the
dialog: proud Baketemon. I have not married
dialog: her off -- she still remains an arrow
dialog: in my quiver. Then I bore this son -
dialog: this puny Akhnaton - but my son whom
dialog: I placed on the throne -- born in the
dialog: same year as you - born six months
dialog: after you ---
text: She stops. There is a breathless tensity between the
dialog: two.
dialog: 278
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 280
speaker_heading: 281
dialog: 262
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE FEATURING TAIA'S FINGERS ~ DAY
dialog: weaving the mat,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT SINUHE - DAY
text: Into his mind there comes an image -- which is superim-
text: posed on screen beside his head ~~ of a little reed boat,
text: tied with fowler's knots, swinging from the ceiling of
text: his parents' home. He shakes his head, shakes away the
dialog: image.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ SINURE AND TAIA - DAY
text: She is smiling at him.
speaker_heading: TAIA
dialog: (pleasantly)
text: Egypt is dying, Sinuhe. Egypt is dying
dialog: because of Akhnaton, Do you not think
dialog: that it is time that his skull were
text: opened and the physician let his knife
dialog: slip?
text: The atmosphere between them is extremely tense. Sinuhe
text: sweats. After a long pause he takes a stand,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: As a physician, Great Queen Mother,
dialog: it is my opinion that you have drunk
dialog: too much ale.
scene_heading: SLIGHTLY WIDER ANGLE ~- TWO - DAY
text: As Sinuhe gets up -
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Is it your divine will that I may
dialog: leave?
text: For a moment she studies him, her head cocked, her eyes
text: flashing lightning. Then she giggles, as old women do
dialog: when tipsy. .
speaker_heading: TATA
dialog: You amuse me greatly, Sihune - you
dialog: amuse me greatly.
text: With a wagging motion of her fingers she gives him per-
text: mission to go. He backs away and out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD OUTSIDE TAIA'S DOOR - SINUHE - DAY
text: stops for a moment to shake away a bad dream, Then he
dialog: is startled by -
speaker_heading: OFFICER'S VOICE
dialog: You - Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: 283
dialog: 28).
dialog: 9h.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - SINUHE, OFFICER, SOLDIERS - DAY
text: Confronting Sinuhe is an EGYPTIAN OFFICER whom he has
text: never seen before, With him a squadron of SOLDIERS.
text: In b.g. is to be seen a chariot, the team of horses held
text: by another SOLDIER.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: You are to come with me.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Where now?
text: But the Officer turns on his heel and walks toward
text: chariot without a further word. As Sinuhe begins to
text: follow and soldiers form to escort him -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, THRONE ROOM OF PHARAOH'S PALACE - TIGHT SHOT AT
scene_heading: THRONE - AKHNATON, QUEEN, EIE, PRINCE SHUBBILULIUMA,
scene_heading: COURTIERS AND SOLDIERS - THEN HOREMHEB - DAY
text: Our concentration is on a table before the throne on
text: which slaves of the Hittite Prince are heaping presents
dialog: for Pharaoh.
dialog: Let us pause to set down some general details which will
text: be picked up as the scene progresses. Some changes have
dialog: taken place in Akhnaton's court since the last time we
text: saw it. Though the Queen sits on the double throne with
text: him, she doesn't sit with her arm draped about him as
text: before, but aloof and estranged. The children are no
text: longer present, The happy atmosphere is gone. In
text: Akhnaton a marked change is to be noted. He looks posi-
text: tively ill. There are black shadows under his eyes put
text: there by suffering. It is as if the spirit inside him
text: is consuming the body of the man. Decorations of the
text: throne room have been changed -- behind Pharaoh's throne
text: on a wall is to be seen a very large representation of
dialog: the Cross of Life. It is the single decoration in the
dialog: room.
text: Now let us return to scene - the table being heaped with
dialog: rich presents for Pharaoh. And Prince Shubbiluliuma in
dialog: the capacity of Hittite Ambassador is saying -
scene_heading: PRINCE SHUBB.
dialog: (with oily unctuousness)
dialog: Accept these few poor gifts, Divine
dialog: Pharaoh, as evidence of the great love
dialog: that we Hittites bear for Egypt. Our
dialog: King, like you, loves only peace --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 28 (Cont.)
dialog: 285
dialog: 286
text: Onto the table, into the midst of gifts, is hurled the
text: Hittite spearhead, having been thrown in such a fashion
text: that it strikes the table point-first and actually sings
text: with reverberation. All eyes go to the spearhead.
text: Prince Shubbiluliuma blanches. Horemheb steps into
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: This Hittite lies!
dialog: (points to spearhead)
dialog: There is the evidence of treachery!
dialog: With a metal called iron the Hittites
dialog: make weapons with which they plan the
dialog: conquest of Egypt!
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE ~ DAY
dialog: There 1s general consternation, We see that Sinuhe has
text: been brought to the throne room by Horemheb, but has been
text: left in the crowd out of view of the throne.
scene_heading: ANOTHER TIGHT ANGLE AT THRONE ~ DAY
text: The Hittite Prince, after his start of surprise, con-
text: trives a smile.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (with patient chiding)
dialog: Horemheb, Horemheb - when will you
dialog: learn? Suspicion breeds only sus-
dialog: picion, and hatred, hatred,
dialog: (patientiy, firmly,
dialog: turning to Eie)
dialog: Teach this man, High Priest, that blood
dialog: breeds only blood until we would drown
dialog: in it.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (after hesitant pause)
dialog: At the Royal Granaries your troops
dialog: were stoned by your people. I must
dialog: counsel Pharaoh to make concessions
dialog: to the Priests of the old gods before
dialog: this kingdom is lost.
text: For a moment Pharaoh stares at Eie in surprise. Then -
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: I forgive the people for they know
dialog: not what they do.
text: Horemheb can stand no more, turns on his heel and appar-
text: ently walks away.
speaker_heading: 287
dialog: 288
speaker_heading: 289
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - DAY
text: But Horemheb does not mean to leave the room. He parts
text: erowd, seizes hold of Sinuhe and drags him to the throne,
scene_heading: TIGHT SHOT AT THRONE ~- DAY
text: Sinuhe throws himself on the floor befpre the throne.
text: Akhnaton leans forward, staring when he sees who it is.
speaker_heading: SINURE
dialog: My crime was great and great must be
dialog: my punishment,
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: {after a pause)
dialog: All of you go. Leave me alone with
dialog: this man.
text: His tone is enigmatic - it is impossible to tell whether
dialog: or not it contains a threat to Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THRONE ROOM - VERY LONG SHOT - DAY
text: As the last of the people leave, Akhnaton and Sinuhe
text: are left alone, Akhnaton on his throne and Sinuhe on
text: the floor in front of him - small figures.
scene_heading: AT THRONE - CLOSE SHOT - AKHNATON AND SINUHE - DAY
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Come close to me, Sinuhe.
text: Sinuhe looks up in wonder, sess warmth shining in
text: Akhnaton's weary, sick face.
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: You are not angry?
speaker_heading: - AKHNATON
text: Is the shepherd angry at the stray
dialog: lamb which returns to the fold?
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: Have you returned to me, Sinuhe?
text: Looking at him in wonder, Sinuhe gets to his feet. On
text: the way to the throne he plucks the Hittite spearhead
text: out of the table and takes it with him, and supposing
text: that Akhnaton has caused them to be alone so that he can
dialog: hear the truth as Sinuhe knows it -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 290 (Cont.)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: The things that Horemheb said about
dialog: the Hittites --
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (interrupting, with
dialog: unexpected violence)
dialog: Keep that thing from my face! It is
dialog: an abomination! Weapons are useless!
text: Sinuhe stops, greatly surprised.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (gently again, appeal-
dialog: ingly)
dialog: Sit here with me. Counsel me if you
dialog: have any love for me.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (with amazement)
dialog: Is this the tone with which Pharaoh
dialog: addresses a subject?
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: I speak to you as one man to another.
text: Sinuhe sits down on the base of the throne, keeping the
text: spearhead out of Akhnaton's sight.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (continues)
dialog: You have traveled all over the world
dialog: and you must have gained great wisdom.
dialog: I have never been able to leave Egypt
dialog: -- share your wisdom with me.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (with a wry smile)
dialog: The things Ilearned in the world.
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: What things?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I saw the people and the rulers.
dialog: I learned thet whoever rules, it is
dialog: always the meek and the poor who
dialog: suffer, I saw the gods and found
dialog: them all evil.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: 290 (Cont.1)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: AKEWATON
dialog: God is not evil. Believe me, as I
dialog: sit here -- he is my father in heaven
dialog: and he has spoken to me, his son. He
dialog: is a god of love. He commands all men
dialog: to live as brothers and to love most
dialog: of all our enemies. To him all men
dialog: are precious. There is no difference
dialog: between rich and poor, noble or slave,
dialog: colored or white. I have proclaimed
dialog: God's kingdom on earth but some of my
dialog: people will not believe me. Some call
dialog: me evil. Some call me mad, My own
dialog: mother calls me mad.
text: _Sinuhe has a chilling memory of his interview with the
dialog: Queen Mother.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (suffering)
dialog: Is a man mad, ts he evil, when his
text: only madness, his only evil, is in
dialog: loving the world?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (very disturbed)
dialog: It would be very wonderful if the
dialog: world could be as Pharaoh imagines
dialog: it - but it is not.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: Tt was meant to be! Will you be my
dialog: friend and help me, Sinuhe? I am so
dialog: very weak,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Pharaoh is weak?
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: The weakest of all men -- with the
dialog: biggest task - the biggest burden --
dialog: Will you help me?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (very troubled)
dialog: I am a physician. I can heal bodies,
dialog: I have even cured the blind. But I
dialog: know nothing of bringing light to men's
dialog: souls, When Pharaoh speaks something
dialog: moves me which I do not understand --
dialog: but I do not know your god.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 290 (Cont.2)
speaker_heading: 2g1
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: He is a greater god than you suppose -~-
dialog: He may be in you, without your kmowl-
dialog: edge.
text: Exhausted from the emotion he has expended, Akhnaton lies
text: back in his throne, weak, almost fainting. Sinuhe rises
text: and looks at him with worry.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: You are i113
dialog: (calls off with a
dialog: strong voice)
dialog: Steward! Attend the King!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE GROUNDS AT GATEWAY - MOVING SHOT SINUHE -
scene_heading: THEN KAPTAH - DAY
text: This is immediately after Sinuhe's scene with Akhnaton.
text: He walks toward the gateway, still troubled. He is
text: carrying the Hittite spearhead, now hides it in his belt
text: beneath his clothing. As he comes out of the gate there
text: is a beggar squatted there, with his hands held up for
text: alms. He does not at once recognize the beggar as Kaptah,
text: nor does Kaptah at once recognize Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: KAPTAR
dialog: Alms, alms, for the love of the gods!
text: Sinuhe stops, automatically reaching in belt for purse.
text: At the same instant he recognizes Kaptah, and Kaptah
text: recognizes him. Sinuhe begins to smile, Kaptah jumps
text: to his feet.
speaker_heading: KAPTAER
dialog: Master, is it you or your spirit?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (after all that has
dialog: happened to him)
dialog: I almost wonder myself.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: For three days I have been without
dialog: food! I was sure they had lopped
dialog: off your head!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 292
speaker_heading: 293
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE STREET TO THE DOCKS" - MOVING SHOT - SINUHE
speaker_heading: AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: are approaching the Inn - "The Crocodile's Tail." Having
dialog: apparently been told Sinuhe's news, Kaptah is very much
dialog: more cheerful.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: Since you are in favor with Pharaoh
dialog: once more, we may make a fortune
dialog: even in this starving land. I suggest
dialog: speculation in grain ---}
text: During the very last part of this, Sinuhe, without a
text: word, has gone through the gateway into the Inn. Kaptah,
text: caught unawares, goes past gateway, sees that he has lost
text: his master, runs after him.
scene_heading: INT. INN, "THE CROCODILE'S TAIL" ~ AT DOOR TO PRINCIPAL
scene_heading: ROOM - SINUHE AND SERVING GIRL - KAPTAH - DAY
dialog: By the time we reach this scene, Sinuhe has already asked
text: a question of the SERVING GIRL and is being answered ~
speaker_heading: SERVING GIRL
dialog: Merit, she's no longer here. Probably
dialog: you'll find her at Pharaoh's Temple!
dialog: (practically spits
dialog: the name)
text: Kaptah hurries into scene just in time to find Sinuhe
dialog: leaving.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: She
dialog: 29h
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. INNER COURTYARD OF THE TEMPLE OF ATON - LONG SHOT -
speaker_heading: DAY
dialog: This temple, unlike the temples of the old gods of Egypt,
text: is not roofed, but open to the clear air and the sun.
text: Ir. general pattern, it is an open courtyard surrounded
text: by a high wall with a pyloned gate. There are no dark
text: and mysterious places in this temple. There are no idols,
text: no representations of the fearful gods. Akhnaton's god
text: is represented by two pure symbols. One of these is a
text: rather large Cross of Life, the other is a column of the
dialog: type we saw when he worshipped on the plains outside
dialog: Thebes - the type of shaft we call "Cleopatra's Needle,”
text: On the walls there are pictorial decorations. Some of
text: these show the fuller representations of the symbol of
text: Akhnatonts god. In these, god is represented as the disc
text: of the sun from the lower perimeter of which hands reach
text: down in an attitude of benediction, some of these hands
text: holding the Cross of Life. Sometimes scenes of Pharaoh
text: and his Queen and Pharaoh and his whole family are shown
text: with this symbol. There are altars at the bases of the
text: shaft and of the cross.
text: There, is a religious ceremony in progress, and worship-
text: ers, most of whom are of the middle and lower classes,
text: and all of whom wear the Cross of Life, are bringing
dialog: offerings to the altars - such offerings being chiefly
text: fruits and flowers. The ceremony is being supervised
text: by priests, who are mostly rather young men and are not
dialog: the fat and oily fellows of the priesthood of the old
text: gods. The worshipers are singing a hymn - one composed
text: by Akhnaton himself. Although this music continues over
text: several succeeding shots, the complete lyrics are given
dialog: here for convenience:
dialog: Thy dawning is beautiful in the
dialog: horizon of heaven,
dialog: Oh, living Aton, beginning of life!
dialog: When Thou risest in the eastern
dialog: horizon of heaven,
dialog: Thou fillest every land with Thy
dialog: beauty
dialog: The two lands of Egypt are in daily
dialog: festivity,
text: Awake and standing on their feet,
dialog: Por Thou hast raised them up]
text: The birds flutter in their marshes,
text: Their wings uplifted in adoration
dialog: te Thee,
text: All the sheep dance upon their feet,
dialog: All the winged things fly,
dialog: They live when Thou hast shone upon
dialog: them.
text: The fish in the river leap up before
dialog: Thee,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: i102.
speaker_heading: 294 (Cont. ) ‘
dialog: And Thy rays are in the midst of the
dialog: great seal
dialog: O Thou sole God, whose powers no
dialog: other possesseth,
dialog: How manifold are all Thy works!)
dialog: Thou didst create the earth accord-
dialog: ing to Thy desire,
text: Men, all animals large and small,
dialog: All that are upon the earth!
dialog: Thou settest every man in his place.
dialog: Their tongues are different in speech,
text: Their forms likewise and their skins,
dialog: But Thou bindest them all by Thy lovel
scene_heading: 295 MED. SHOT - ALTAR AT BASE OF SHAFT - DAY
dialog: to show the people bringing their offerings, the people
dialog: singing.
scene_heading: 296 EXT. WALL IN COURTYARD OF TEMPLE ~ MED. SHOT - SINUHE
scene_heading: “AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: At first we see only one of the pictorial decorations.
text: Then into scene, walk Sinuhe and Kaptah, looking about
dialog: with curiosity.
speaker_heading: KAPTAE
dialog: This is a temple? Where are ail the
dialog: dark and mysterious places?
scene_heading: 297 EXT. SHRINE AT BASE OF CROSS OF LIFE - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: to show the people bringing their offerings, singing.
dialog: Among these we see Merit.
scene_heading: 298 CLOSE SHOT - MERIT ~- DAY
text: as she lays an offering of flowers at the altar. She
dialog: seems a subtly different person than we knew years ago ~
dialog: but only in that she has acquired maturity which has
text: given her calmmess and more quietness.
scene_heading: 299 EXT. COURTYARD OF TEMPLE AMONG WORSHIPING - MOVING SHOT -
scene_heading: SINUHE, KAPTAH - DAY
text: are walking toward the altars. Sinuhe is looking for
text: Merit. It is clear he has not yet seen her. They come
text: upon a YOUNG PRIEST. As Sinuhe and Kaptah stop and
text: Sinuhe looks around, Kaptah engages the Priest in con-
dialog: versation.
speaker_heading: KAPTAR
dialog: Are you a priest? I thought all
dialog: e priests were fat and oily.
text: The priest smiles.
dialog: She
speaker_heading: 5h2
dialog: 300
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 302
speaker_heading: 303
dialog: 30k
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MERIT ~ DAY
text: turns quickly, having heard Kaptah's voice. Her face
text: lights up with joy and she moves swiftly out of scene.
scene_heading: SINUHE AND KAPTAH - PRIEST - MERIT - DAY
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: What sort of offerings are these to
dialog: bring to a god? No slaughtered rams
dialog: or oxen dripping with rich blood?
text: During this, Merit has entered scene.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (with wonder and joy)
dialog: Sinuhe, is it you?
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST MERIT TO SINUHE - DAY
text: At the sound of her voice he turns. When he looks at her
text: there is that slight hesitation which reveals that he has
text: not instantly recognized her.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Merit... ?
scene_heading: ANGLE OF THE Two - DAY
text: The smile is wiped off her face. At first she 1s more
text: chagrined than angry.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (with no more than
dialog: formality)
dialog: Happy is the day that sees my lord
dialog: safely returned.
text: She turns away, walking toward the temple gate. Sinuhe
text: reacts, goes after her,
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS OF TEMPLE, TO GATE - SINUHE AND MERIT -
scene_heading: KAPTAH, WORSHIPERS - DAY
text: Sinuhe quickly catches Merit. Sinuhe is rather pleased
text: that she is piqued at him ~~ it shows that she has missed
text: him, His pleasure shows in kind of a secret smile he has
text: behind everything he says.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I looked for you at the Inn. I didn't
dialog: guess I'd find you here.
dialog: (touches cross on
dialog: her clothing)
dialog: Have you taken to religion?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 304 (Cont. )
dialog: 305
text: Merit stops and looks at him levelly.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (now a bit angry -
dialog: with a bite)
dialog: If you imagine Itve done so to cure
dialog: & wounded heart, you're mistaken!
text: She pulls free and walks away. Camera moving with them,
text: Sinuhe chases cheerfully after her.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: To my home.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: May I walk with you?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (ironically - with
dialog: a bite)
dialog: My lord's will is mine, as he well
dialog: imows.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (conciliatory)
dialog: Don't be angry with me.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Should I be sweet as honey to someone
dialog: who left me without a word?
text: She disappears ‘out of sight through the gateway.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (now slightly alarmed,
dialog: though serious)
dialog: There is an explanation -- }
text: He disappears through gates. For a moment we hold on the
text: people entering through and leaving through the gate, then
text: we see Kaptah, who hurries through the gate after Sinuhe
text: and Merit, bent on hearing every word they say, already
dialog: enjoying himself.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN THEBES - MOVING SHOT - SINUHE AND MERIT -
scene_heading: KAPTAH - A FEW PASSERSBY - DAY
text: Camera is going ahead of Sinuhe and Merit as they walk in
dialog: the direction which will take them to "The Street to the
text: Docks." Kaptah walks a couple of paces behind them, taking
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 542
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 305 (Cont.)
dialog: it all in. Apparently Sinuhe has just concluded a descrip~
dialog: tion of his travels, and apparently the two have not yet
dialog: become reconciled for -
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (still with a sting)
dialog: The world as you describe it is very
text: large -- and without doubt filled with
dialog: many fair women. As a physician did
dialog: you use your talents conscientiously
dialog: on their behalf?
text: Sinuhe looks at her wondering how to get around her. He
dialog: laughs and - .
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (with exaggeration which
dialog: amounts to comedy)
dialog: Will it please you if I say that not
dialog: one day has passed but what I have
dialog: whispered your name to the winds? I
dialog: sent my greetings to you with the
text: swallows which flew up the Nile.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: I see you have become a man of the
dialog: world and learned that a pretty lie
dialog: can be sweeter to a woman than a plain
dialog: truth.
dialog: (bantering, seeming to
dialog: answer him in kind but
dialog: actually hiding a truth)
dialog: Then why shouldn't I confess that I
dialog: have yearned for you when I have laid
dialog: alone on my mat? When any man has of-
dialog: fered friendship I have remembered
dialog: only you.
text: He looks at her, laughing. She laughs in return. Then
text: suddenly he grows more serious, reaches for her hand.
text: Seeing this, she reaches for his. Behind them Kaptah
text: smiles beatifically like a fat duenna.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I am happy you are here, Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: So am I ~- even if it is a mad world
dialog: where the only thing that hasn't
text: changed is a woman with a sharp tongue.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: she
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 305 (Cont.1)
dialog: 306
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (stoutly)
dialog: Akhnaton is not madJ
text: He looks at her seriously - looks at the Cross of Life
text: sewn on her clothing - perhaps touches it,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Do you really believe so much?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: With all my heart. In this world of
dialog: a thousand gods, only he has divined
dialog: the truth -- he is the first in all
dialog: times to know it -- that there is but
dialog: one God, who loves us all.
text: For a moment Sinuhe is impressed by the depth of her con-
dialog: viction.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: One day you, too, will believe.
speaker_heading: : SINUHE
dialog: (shaking his head -
dialog: cynically)
dialog: I am afraid I have seen too much of
dialog: too many gods to believe in anything
dialog: or any one of them. You know, in
dialog: Syria the priests sacrifice young
dialog: girls to goats ---
text: He stops abruptly, stops walking, astonished at something,
scene_heading: ANGLE AT CORNER OF "THE STREET TO THE DOCKS" - SINUHE,
scene_heading: MERIT, KAPTAH - DAY
text: It is the fact that she has turned into this street which
text: has stopped him with astonishment.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Do you live on this street?
text: She hesitates a fraction of a second, seems to be conceal-
dialog: ing something embarrassing, seems to be concealing it with -
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Why shouldn't I?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: This is the same street where I grew
dialog: up as a child)
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Many people live on this street.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 306 (Cont.)
dialog: 307
dialog: 308
text: She walks ahead, out of scene. Sinuhe throws a surprised
text: look at Kaptan, follows. Kaptah follows.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE STREET T0 THE DOCKS" - ANGLE SLANTING BACK TO
scene_heading: CORNER - SINUHE, MERIT AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: She is marching resolutely ahead, looking straight ahead,
text: Sinuhe catches her, his curiosity greatly aroused. Kaptah
dialog: tags along.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: How long have you lived here?
text: At this moment, before she is required to answer -
speaker_heading: THOTH'S VOICE
dialog: (approaching, nearby)
dialog: Mother!
text: Sinuhe reacts with great astonishment.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Thoth! ,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Mother?
scene_heading: PAN SHOT ~ THOTH TO GROUP - DAY
text: as he runs to Merit she stoops down putting her hands on
text: his shoulder, distressed at what she sees. THOTH is dirty
text: and bloody, but proud of his wounds. He is a fine-looking
text: boy of about seven years of age, who also wears the Cross
text: of Life sewn on his torn clothing.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (greatly agitated)
dialog: What have you done?
speaker_heading: THOTH
dialog: (proud)
dialog: There was a fight at school. Some
dialog: of the horns tried to rip off my
dialog: cross}
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: Thoth, Thoth .. you are all over blood!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (studying them)
dialog: Shall I have a look at him?
text: Merit looks up at him gratefully, all else momentarily
text: forgotten in her concern for the boy.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Will you? Our house is just there.
dialog: (to Thoth)
dialog: Quickly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 308 (Cont.)
text: She takes the boy out in a hurry. Sinuhe looks an as-
text: e tonished question at Kaptah. Kaptah opens wide his sin-
dialog: gle eye.
scene_heading: 309 EXT. GATEWAY TO THE COURTYARD OF HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS -
scene_heading: MERIT AND THOTH - THEN SINUHE AND KAPTAH ~ DAY
text: As Merit hurries the boy into scene through the gateway
dialog: into courtyard -
speaker_heading: THOTH
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: The lord Sinuhe -- a very fine doctor.
text: In the courtyard she stops at a little fish pond, whips
text: off her headdress, dampens it in the water and begins to
text: wipe the blood off Thoth's face. At the same time Sinuhe
text: and Kaptah enter scene. Sinuhe stares at the gateway,
text: throws a look at Kaptah, then looks through gateway at
dialog: Merit.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (almost angrily)
dialog: This is your house?
text: Goes through gateway, Kaptah follows.
scene_heading: 310 EXT. COURTYARD OF HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS ~- MERIT AND
scene_heading: THOTH - SINUHE AND KAPTAH ~ DAY
text: as the latter two come through the gateway. The angle
text: includes both the gateway and the doorway to the house
text: Merit is very glad that she is so occupied with attending
text: to Thoth and can avoid looking at Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: I bought it several years ago.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Knowing that it was once the home of
dialog: my parents?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: It was a good house. For sale at a
dialog: modest price.
text: (turning to him with
dialog: seeming exasperation)
dialog: Are you going to help this child?
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: You will find things in the house.
speaker_heading: she (CONTINUED)
dialog: She
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 310 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 31L
dialog: 312
dialog: 313
speaker_heading: THOTH
dialog: I'll show you, my lord}
text: The lad runs into the house. Sinuhe throws her a pen~
text: etrating look, which flusters her, follows Thoth into the
text: house. Merit looks after them with some agitation.
text: Kaptah studies her with his gimlet eye.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM IN HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS - SINUHE AND THOTH -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: As Sinuhe comes in he looks about him, remembering much,
text: and seeing that very little is changed except in detail.
text: Thoth has run to a corner where, in Sinuhe's old traveling
text: kit, there are instruments of a physician - Sinuhe's
text: instruments. With an air of efficiency the boy 1s laying
text: out the tools on the table.
speaker_heading: THOTH
dialog: When I grow I will be a physician
dialog: also.
text: Sinuhe comes to the table. He recognizes the instruments
dialog: as his own, and this recognition gives him not so much
text: surprise now as a very deep pleasure. He fingers one of
dialog: the instruments.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: So I see.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD ~ MERIT AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: She is waiting nervously, no doubt expecting comment from
text: Sinuhe at finding his instruments. Tt does not help her
text: to see that Kaptah is beginning to grin at her. She turns
text: away from him, goes to the porch, prepares to make supper
text: at the brazier, getting fish from a cooling jar to set to
dialog: ry.
text: ay ROOM IN HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS ~ SINUHE AND THOTH -
speaker_heading: AL
text: He is attending to the boy, finding that his wounds are
text: superficial. He can guess that Merit mist be waiting for
dialog: him to make some comment about finding his instruments
dialog: and finally -
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (calls to outside)
dialog: When you purchased these instruments
dialog: were you innocent that they were once
dialog: mine?
speaker_heading: 314
dialog: 315
dialog: 316
speaker_heading: 317
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - MERIT AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: She can hear the humor in his voice and smiles to herself.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Eow strange life can bel
scene_heading: INT. ROOM IN HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS - SINUHE AND THOTH ~
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Sinuhe smiles.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
speaker_heading: (to THOTH)
dialog: This will hurt.
speaker_heading: THOTH
dialog: (not flinching)
dialog: Were you truly physician to Pharaoh?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (adds)
dialog: I hope you will use these instruments
dialog: with more credit than I did.
dialog: (then calls out)
dialog: You are to be congratulated!
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - MERIT AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: She is keeping busy frying the fish, avoiding Kaptah's
text: look as much as possible. Something in Sinuhe's tone
text: this time makes her nervous.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (tense)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SINUHE'S VOICE
dialog: (from inside house)
dialog: To have such a boy call you'mother.t
text: This is the subject that Merit has waited for and feared.
text: In spite of herself she flinches.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM IN HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS ~- SINUHE AND THOTH -
speaker_heading: DAY
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: But you lied to me -- Obviously you
dialog: have married someone while I was gone.
dialog: If Merit could see him at this moment she would not be
dialog: nervous for his thought is as innocent of any hidden
dialog: meaning as is his tone - and his attention is on what
dialog: he is doing.
dialog: she
speaker_heading: 318
speaker_heading: 319
dialog: 320
speaker_heading: 321
dialog: ill.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - CLOSE SHOT - MERIT ~- DAY
text: She has waited for this and her answer is ready.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: You are mistaken. He is the child of
dialog: a friend of mine ... a friend now dead
dialog: +e. he is an orphan.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM IN THE HOME OF SINUHE'S PARENTS - SINUHE AND
speaker_heading: THOTH - DAY
text: Sinuhe has stopped for a moment to listen to her.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ‘Mother! is only an expression he has
dialog: learned.
speaker_heading: THOTE
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: This is true.
text: Obviously believing, Sinuhe smiles. He takes out the
text: Hittite spearhead, hands it to Thoth, whose eyes sparkle.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: A small present ... one orphan to
dialog: another.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - MERIT AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: She is relieved that she has apparently satisfied Sinuhe -
text: but in turning she sees Kaptah's face very close to hers.
text: He is leering at her. ‘
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (very quietly, fiercely)
dialog: You think you see too much with your
dialog: one eye!
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: More than my lord Sinuhe sees with
dialog: his twol
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - THE FOUR - DAY
text: Sinuhe comes out of the house with Thoth, giving the boy
text: a friendly push ahead of him
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: A good lad.
text: He wanders over to see her cooking, sniffs the frying
dialog: fish with pleasure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 542
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 321 (Cont.)
dialog: 322
speaker_heading: 323
dialog: 32h
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Would you like to stay to supper with
dialog: us? There is only fish and our wine
dialog: is common.
text: Sinuhe smiles. He walks into the center of the court-
text: yard by the fish pond. He looks around. He sees Thoth
text: watching him.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: That's the sycamore tree that I
dialog: learned to climb when I was younger
dialog: than you are. I used to stand right
dialog: here with my father when he saw his
dialog: patients.
speaker_heading: MERIT - DAY
dialog: smiles.
scene_heading: AT FISH POND - SINUHE AND THOTH ~ DAY
text: The lad runs in with a mat for Sinuhe. Sinuhe sits down
text: by the fish pond in the shadow of the sycamore. He looks
text: back at Merit.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: For the first time I have the feeling
dialog: of being home.
scene_heading: MERIT AND KAPTAH - DAY
text: Her eyes fill with happy tears. When she sees Kaptah's
dialog: eye on her -
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (says in excuse,
dialog: blinking her eyes)
dialog: Smoke. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 325
speaker_heading: 326
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - THEN EXT. INNER COURTYARD OF TEMPLE OF ATON =
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Shot begins on sky where there are dark clouds of an ad-
text: vwancing storm. A few spirals of smoke from some fires
text: in the city drift up to sky. Camera pans down to dis-
text: elose a long shot of the temple inner courtyard. The
dialog: temple is no longer used exclusively for worship. Ref-
text: agees have set up their tents inside the grounds, The
text: sick and the wounded take refuge in this haven.
text: EXT, OF TEMPLE GROUNDS NEAR CROSS OF LIFE - SINUHE AND
scene_heading: THOTH - A QUEUE OF PATIENTS = KAPTAH - AFTERNOON
text: A portion of the temple grounds has been set aside for
text: Sirmhe, where he treats the wounded injured in riots and
text: the sick of the followers of the Cross. A queue of
text: patients wait their turn to see him. He is attending to
text: a WOMAN who carries in her arms a sick CHILD. The Woman
text: wears the Cross of Life. Beside Simbhe, Thoth works as
dialog: an "assistant" with great soberness. Between the lad
text: and Simuhe a bond of affection is evident. To one side
text: sits Kapteh, watching. That some time has elapsed is
text: evident by a remarkable change which has taken place in
text: Kaptah's appearance. He is sitting in e carrying chair,
text: which rests on the ground, while slaves attend ready to
text: pick up the chair and carry it away at their master's
text: command. Kaptah wears rich clothes of the finest quality
text: and a jeweled patch over his blind eye. He is watching
text: the scene with amused disapproval. From an examination
text: of the sick child Sinuhe looks at Thoth.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Your diagnosis?
text: Thoth, sober and worried, waggles his finger and when
text: Simiuhe bends down, whispers in his ear. Whatever it is
text: he says meets with Sinuhe's approval. The Woman is un-
text: kmotting a dirty rag which serves as pursee
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: I have only a few coppers .. the
dialog: child's father was killed in a riot eee
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (hands her money from
dialog: his purse)
dialog: Buy this child milk.
text: The Mother, with tears of gratitude in her eyes, tries to
text: seize and kiss Sinuhe's hand but he evades her, signals
dialog: for next patient.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: 326 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: May our Father in heaven who loves
dialog: the poor reward youl
scene_heading: 327 KAPTAH - AFTERNOON
dialog: laughs.
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: I will run about the streets and
dialog: proclaim to the people: ‘Hurry to
dialog: the temple, where my former master
dialog: heals the sick without payment and
dialog: gives his wealth to the penniless|!
scene_heading: 328 ANGLE PAST KAPTAH TO SINUHE = THOTH AND PATIENT ~ AFTER-
speaker_heading: NOON
text: who is a MAN of the poor who has been wounded in a rlote
text: Sinuhe smiles mildly toward Kaptah.
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (mutters }
dialog: Brother against brother -- father
dialog: against son ~ that's what this
dialog: trouble has become)
scene_heading: 329 CLOSE SHOT KAPTAH - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: Do as I doe
text: {he pulls aside one side
dialog: of his cloak revealing
dialog: emblem of Cross of Life
dialog: sewn on his clothing)
text: Wear the Cross in Akhnaton's temple.
dialog: (eleses this side of his
dialog: cloak, opens the other,
text: revealing the symbol of
dialog: the Horns sewn on cloth-
dialog: ing)
dialog: Wear the Horns of the old gods in the
dialog: market place =~ and prosper|
scene_heading: 330 CLOSE SHOT SINUHE - AFTERNOON
text: He laughs, but the look in his eyes is deeply serious.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: My mind agrees with you -=- but
dialog: something in me ~ wishes.
text: He turns around at the sound of an approaching chariot.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: 331 MOVING SHOT - HOREMHEB IN CHARIOT ~ APTERNOON
text: He has driven his team right into the temple grounds.
text: He stops near Sinuhe. Sinuhe comes over to him. Camera
dialog: moves up on them during =~
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: I sent for you to come to the palace!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I have been busye
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (displeased)
dialog: Why do you waste your time here?
dialog: You don't belong here -- you belong
dialog: at the palace where important issues
dialog: will soon have to be decided. I can
dialog: not talk to you here.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Akhnaton has also sent for me. If I
dialog: make him wait I can make you.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: In the meantime, if you love your
dialog: woman and her adopted son, send them
text: out of the city.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Will it be as bad as that?
speaker_heading: HOREMEEB
dialog: The Priests of the old gods are
dialog: importing troops, which Akhnaton
dialog: has forbidden me to opposel
dialog: As he puts whip to team =
scene_heading: 332 THE QUEUE OF PATIENTS - THOTH AND WOMAN PATIENT - SINUEE -
speaker_heading: APTERNOON
text: Sinuhe walks into scene to renew his work with the pa-
text: tients, Thoth puts his hand in Simihe's - a gesture
dialog: which means that whatever happens the lad wishes to stay
text: with him. Simbhe smiles, looks at the next patient.
text: What seems to be an old woman, gaunt and crippled with
text: @ veil covering her face, extends an arm for Simbhe's
text: inspection. The arm is shrunken and twisted as if
text: paralyzed. He examines the arm with care and gravity.
text: He looks at the woman, sees the veil held across her
text: lowered face.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Raise your head and open your eyes.
dialog: 333
dialog: 33h
dialog: 335
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST SINUHE TO WOMAN - AFTERNOON
text: The woman raises her head but makes no move to lower the
text: veil. Simuha does this for her ~ and finds himself look-
text: ing into a pair of very green eyese
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Nefer eos |
text: She looks at him piteously.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST WEFER TO SINUHE - APTERNOON
text: Remembrances flood over him and his face sets with hatred,
text: with a kind of triumph to see her in this condition. He
text: starts to turn away ~ hesitates.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE TWO - AFTERNOON
text: She continues to look at him with piteous appeal.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: (with sadness and
dialog: bitterness )
dialog: Will I live?
text: Simahe doesn't answer. ‘The conflict in him is very great.
text: He finds, unaccountably, that he is beginning to feel pity
dialog: and compassion and that these feelings are overwhelming
dialog: anything else.
speaker_heading: NEFER
dialog: Better if I died.
text: She moves to go aways
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Wait.
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I will undertake your cure.
text: Picking up a scrap of papyrus he begins to scribble on it.
text: Tears come into her eyes. Her lips tremble - she cannot
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: Get these medicines at an apothecaries}
dialog: Come again tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 336
speaker_heading: 337
dialog: 117.
text: EXT, GOVERED ROOF TOP OF PHAROAH'S PALACE - SINUHE AND
scene_heading: AKHNATON - SUNSET
text: Akhnaton, very 111, cheeks sunken, eyes black-shadowed,
text: 4s lying on a cot. Sitting beside him on a stool, Sinuhe
text: is placing a cold cloth on his head. Seen through some
text: pillars which support the roof is a terrible sight of the
text: city of Thebes. Fires burn here and there and black
text: columns of smoke rise up into the sky, reddened by the
dialog: setting sun.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: {in despair)
dialog: Can it be that I am mad and my visions
dialog: are lies? If so, then life is hideous
dialog: and the world is ruled by evil.
speaker_heading: SINUBE
dialog: (after a pause,
dialog: shakes his head)
dialog: Who can say for sure where truth lies -
dialog: out there, in bloodshed and famine ~ or
dialog: here in the sweet dreams of Pharaoh?
speaker_heading: AKHNAT ON
dialog: Where are my friends? Did you know
dialog: that my wife has deserted me?
dialog: (feverishly)
dialog: Yes, yes, - she's gone. She has taken
dialog: my children, Mama is dead -- murdered
dialog: by the High Priest Eie, I do believe --
dialog: I don't know -- no one telis me -- they
dialog: only plot against me ... Even God has
dialog: forsaken mel
text: Footsteps are heard.
scene_heading: ANGLE TO INCLUDE HOREMHEB AND EIE - SUNSET
text: who have come up out of the well of a stairway and are
text: walking purposely toward Akhnaton. For a moment Akhnaton
text: watches them approach, then turns to Sinuhe with a
text: pathetic smile.
speaker_heading: . AXKHNATON
dialog: Crime and violence -- my followers
dialog: now!$
text: When Horemheb and Eie stand before Akhnaton there is noth-
text: ing but cold determination on their faces.
speaker_heading: HOREMBEB
text: A courier has arrived from Memphis.
dialog: Jerusalem has fallen. Only the for-
dialog: tress at Gaza still stands. I demand
dialog: that you give me leave to raise an
dialog: and unite the people before the Hittites
dialog: annihilate us!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 118,
speaker_heading: 337 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 338
text: Without answering, Akhnaton turns his eyes away from
dialog: Horemhebd to Eie.
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: I pring you an ultimatum from
dialog: the Priests. Prostrate yourself
dialog: before the ancient gods or the
dialog: armies of the priests will lay
dialog: your temple in ruins!
speaker_heading: AKHHATON
dialog: Have you both spoken?
dialog: Ele bowse
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: Then out of my sight! Both
dialog: of youl
dialog: -(sinks back weakly)
text: Pharaoh has spoken.
text: With cold deliberation Eie spits on the tiles of the
text: floor, grinds the spittle with the sole of his sandal,
text: turns and walks away. Akhnaton turns from watching
text: him to look with blazing eyes at Horemheb, who lingers,
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: I have been your friend in spite
dialog: of your madness. Perhaps even
dialog: because of your madness. But I
dialog: can't love you and Egypt too.
text: Camera pans with him a moment as he turns away and fol-
text: lows after Ele.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - AKHNATON AND SINUHE - SUNSET
text: Akhnaton's eyes come to rest wearily on Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: If you are my friend, surely
dialog: you know what you must do.
text: Sinuhe shakes his head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 338 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
text: Men show pity on a sick animal and
text: dispatch it with a club, and a spear
dialog: brings release to a wounded lion -
dialog: but to a man no one will show mercyi
dialog: If you love me, you know what you
dialog: have to dol
text: He closes his eyes with great suffering. Simihe looks
text: at him with pity. He says nothing at the moment, only
text: wrings out a fresh cold cloth and places it on Akhnaton's
dialog: head,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Try to rest.
text: Camera pans with him as he walks away, going down stairway
dialog: where the others have gone.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: 3ho
speaker_heading: 3h1
speaker_heading: 3h2
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: INT, A ROOM IN THE PALACE - STAIRWAY - SINUHE - SUNDOWN
text: comes down from the roof intending to go to a doorway
text: which leads to a courtyard, when he hears -
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB'S VOICE
dialog: Sinuhe ...!
scene_heading: CORNER OF ROOM - HOREMHEB AND ELE - SUNDOWN
text: are huddled together like black shadows. They have been
text: waiting for him.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: Where are you going?
scene_heading: ANGLE OF THREE - SUNDOWN
text: Sinuhe cannot miss the fact that the atmosphere about
dialog: this pair is that of conspiracy. He would like to avoid
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: (assuming a light,
dialog: jesting tone)
dialog: This is my day of popularity in the
dialog: palace -- the Princess Baketamon has
dialog: also sent for me.
speaker_heading: EOREMHEB
dialog: (cutting through)
dialog: We have need of you.
text: Sinuhe comes over.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE THREE - SUNDOWN
text: It is clear that the two have already talked and arrived
text: at some course of action, Sinuhe is on his guard.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (unctuously)
dialog: As a friend we bear Akhnaton only the
dialog: best will and feel pity for him. But
dialog: iliness has made him hopelessly mad.
dialog: (feeling him out) .
dialog: As a physician, don't you think it
dialog: would be an act of mercy to give him
dialog: a medicine that would cure his head-
dialog: aches so that he would never again feel
dialog: pain?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Only the dead never feel pain,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 342 (Cont.)
dialog: i2i.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: You have expressed our intention.
speaker_heading: HOREMEEB
dialog: As a physician he trusts you. From
dialog: your hand he would take ~-
text: His irony rings out.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Hat
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (turns angrily on
dialog: Horemheb)
dialog: I warned youl
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Forgive me - but just now Akhnaton
dialog: begged me --- but let that pass.
speaker_heading: EOREMHEB
dialog: (to Ete)
text: Sinuhe will consent. He has a weak
dialog: and tender heart but he is an intel-
dialog: ligent man.
dialog: (adds)
dialog: And he is our witness now - he is
dialog: bound to us.
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: (with a smile of irony)
dialog: Horemheb is my friend and puts his
text: threat in a loving tone.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (resolvi: to be con-
dialog: eciliatory
dialog: Horemheb means no threat. We confess
dialog: our need. The fate of Egypt is in
dialog: your hands.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: {after a pause, rather
dialog: astonished)
dialog: How very strange.
dialog: (thinking, "but true")
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (argently)
dialog: Do this necessary thing, Sinuhe, and
dialog: your name will be blessed.
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: 32 (Cont.1)
text: Sinuhe looks from one to the other,
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: I take it that an agreement has been
dialog: reached with the Priests of the old
dialog: gods.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: Naturally.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: And who would rule Egypt?
text: There is a hesitation between the two.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (maintaining his con-
dialog: ciliatory tone)
dialog: That need not be your affair.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Only murder is my affair.
text: He turns on his heels and, camera panning with him, goes
text: toward the doorway to courtyard.
scene_heading: 3h3 HOREMHEB AND EIE - SUNDOWN
text: There ig a quick exchange of looks between them.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: Wait!
scene_heading: 3h SINUHE - SUNDOWN
text: stops, looks back.
scene_heading: 3h5 THREE - SUNDOWN
text: As the other two come to Sinuhe, Eie first -
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: I can promise you great wealth and
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I asked you who would rule Egypt.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: Only the Army can save us and Horemheb
dialog: holds the Army.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: 345 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: (with great astonishment)
dialog: Horemheb - Pharaoh?
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
text: (angrily, striding
dialog: forward
dialog: Baketamon will place the crown on my
dialog: head!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (thoroughly astounded)
dialog: What marvel is this?
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: I myself will marry them and as man
dialog: and wife they will jointly mule.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (with amazed irony)
dialog: Did she send for me to tell me her
dialog: great joy?
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: It is unwise for you to see her.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: Let him.
dialog: {to Sinuhe)
dialog: She doesn't yet know. Be my friend --
dialog: speak to her on my behalf, without
dialog: telling her this plan.
dialog: (strongly)
dialog: I will have her whether she consents
dialog: or not.
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: But a warrior prefers to mount a will-
dialog: ing horse,
speaker_heading: SIRUHE
dialog: (wryly amused)
dialog: Curiosity speeds my feet!
text: He hurries out toward doorway to courtyard.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: (calls out to him)
dialog: You haven't answered.
dialog: (demands )
dialog: Do you agree?
dialog: 12h.
scene_heading: 3h6 AT DOORWAY TO COURTYARD - SINUHE - SUNDOWN
text: smiles back.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I agree to see Baketamon.
dialog: He goes.
scene_heading: 3h7 «© EXT. COURTYARD OF "HOUSE OF WOMEN" - LONG SHOT - SINUHE -
scene_heading: A DWARF - BAKETAMON - APTER SUNDOWN
text: As Sinuhe crosses the courtyard past the fountain toward
text: the apartments of the women, he sees that a DWARF scurries
text: out of one of the apartments and runs away. The door to
text: this apartment remains open and by the time Sinuhe arrives,
text: Baketamon is waiting for him in doorway.
scene_heading: 348 AT DOORWAY TO BAKETAMON'S APARTMENT - SINUHE AND BAKETAMON -
speaker_heading: AFTER SUNDOWN
text: He looks at her as he approaches, sees that though her
text: manner is that of her usual calm coldness, she is hold-
dialog: ing back feelings only with the greatest effort - but the
dialog: nature of her feelings he can't guess.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Gracious lady, I was delayed --
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: With the Army and the High Priest!
text: She moves back from the doorway, her invitation for him
text: to enter. He goes in.
scene_heading: 3k9 INT. BAKETAMON'S APARTMENT IN "HOUSE OF WOMEN" - SINUHE
scene_heading: AND BAKETAMON - AFTER SUNDOWN
text: Some faint red from the afterglow of the sun still stains
text: portions of the walls of this room; there are lamps lit
text: also. This room has a little lotus fountain-pool and a
text: wonderful sleeping couch; it is filled with the most
text: feminine adornments; it is smoky with sweet incense -
text: revealing of the passionate nature beneath the cool aloof-
dialog: ness of Baketamon.
speaker_heading: SIRUHE
dialog: (in answer to her speech
dialog: in previous scene)
text: The Princess has eyes in the walls.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Kill Akhnaton -- it is necessary.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: 3h9 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: (carefully)
text: The Princess has ears as well.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: (barely able to restrain
dialog: herself)
dialog: They told you that Horemheb is to mile.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: By your side.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: With this cheesemaker?
text: He is astounded at the ferocity of her passion.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Horemheb is a mighty man.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
text: Born with dung between his toes!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: For what reason do you preserve your-
dialog: self, may I ask?
text: Shocked, she whirls and looks at him,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: If maidenhood has gone to your head,
dialog: a good marriage might cure you.
dialog: (rather enjoying his
dialog: role)
dialog: No tree ought to bloom forever - it
dialog: should also bear,
speaker_heading: BAKETANON
dialog: Your words repulse mel
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (with a wise smile)
dialog: Or can it be, as people say, that you
dialog: are made of frozen blocks of Nile water?
text: She locks at him quite differently than ever before, and
text: then, for answer takes his head in her hands and kisses
text: him with fire and passion.
scene_heading: 350 CLOSE TWO SHOT - APTER SUNDOWN
text: As Baketamon releases him and whirls away out of scene.
text: Sinuhe stares after her with bewilderment.
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: 351 WIDER ANGLE TWO - AFTER SUNDOWN
text: She has returned instantly to her passionate anger, is
text: walking about.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: Eie caused my mother to be murdered
dialog: because she opposed Horemheb, but
dialog: myself he has preserved for their
dialog: plans! Did they tell you how they
dialog: hope to dirty the throne?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (trying to regain
dialog: his conposurey
dialog: They did not ...
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: (raging)
dialog: Tonight the old priests are to take
dialog: me to the temple dressed as Sekhmet,
dialog: the Goddess of War. It will be a
dialog: sign that the old gods are back in
text: power - and a sign to begin Horemheb's
dialog: Holy War.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: You have agreed?
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: In the dead of night Horemheb will
dialog: come, and the temple gates will be
dialog: shut behind him! Alone with me, he
dialog: thinks to have his way with me by
dialog: force, and by this become a god, fit
dialog: to rule by my side!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (impressed with neat-
dialog: ness of the plan)
dialog: Horemheb is to be envied,
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: Not by Sinuhe.
text: As he looks at her with intense surprise she grasps hold
text: of his hands and, sitting on her couch, looks up at him
text: with blazing eyes.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: (intensely)
dialog: If it is Sinuhe who comes to the temple,
dialog: I will gladly swing the doors shut with
dialog: my own hands - submit willingly - happily
dialog: climb the throne to rule with youl
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ‘@
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: 351 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: SINUHE
text: (staring down at her,
dialog: overwhelmed with the
dialog: enormity of the idea,
dialog: bewildered)
dialog: How is this possible?
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
text: The hand which slays Pharaoh can slay
dialog: the cheesemaker as well, It is only
dialog: a question of numbers -~ one, or two.
dialog: --- Is £t possible that you did not
dialog: understand my mother?
speaker_heading: SINUE
dialog: (bewildered by con-
dialog: flicting thoughts and
dialog: feelings)
dialog: The Queen Mother spoke through her
dialog: ale.
text: Holding his hands she pulls him down on the couch to sit
text: beside her. She continues to hold his hands, and with
text: an air of soft intimacy which is surprising in her -
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: You are my half-brother - and the
dialog: rightful heir to the throne.
text: A conviction that she is speaking the truth begins to grow
dialog: in Sinuhe. It is by no means an altogether welcome thought
text: ~ it is a frightening thought - but one which fascinates
dialog: hin.
speaker_heading: BAKETAMON
dialog: While my mother awaited the birth of
dialog: Akhnaton there was another child born
text: in the palace. For once the black
dialog: arts of my mother's Nubians had failed.
text: When the mother cried out to see her
dialog: son, that she might present him to
dialog: Pharaoh, they showed her a dead girl
dialog: baby. With her own hands my mother
dialog: wove the basket in which you were cast
dialog: adrift on the River. If you doubt me,
dialog: go to the ruined temple which is near
dialog: Akhneton's temple. There you will
dialog: find a statue of the little Queen
dialog: whose face is the image of your own.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 352
speaker_heading: 353
dialog: 35h.
speaker_heading: 355
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: EXT, GROUNDS OF RUINED TEMPLE ~ CLOSE SHOT AT STATUE -
scene_heading: SINUHE - NIGHT
text: In the bright moonlight breaking through storm clouds
text: Sinuhe is examining the features of the statue of a
text: delicate, small, young woman. He searches the cold stone,
text: deeply moved with emotion as he tries to find in it the
text: personality of the child Queen whom he is convinced may
dialog: have,been his mother, After a time -
scene_heading: AT BREAK IN WALL OF TEMPLE - MERIT - NIGHT
text: appears. She enters the temple grounds, stops when she
dialog: sees -
scene_heading: FROM MERIT'S PERSPECTIVE ~- SINUHE - NIGHT
text: at the statue,
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - TWO - NIGHT
text: brings Merit to Sinuhe. When she is quite near her foot
text: happens to disturb a stone, the sound causing him to turn
text: his head and see her.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Sinuhe ... ?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (intensely)
dialog: How many times I've played here as a
dialog: child - at war games with Horemheb!
dialog: How many times I've climbed up this
dialog: stone - gripped this face with my
dialog: small boy's grimy hands}
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (staring)
text: There are wounded waiting in the
dialog: temple.
text: He comes to her and for a moment grips her shoulders
dialog: roughly.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: I have a terrible secret.
text: He goes instantly back to the statue.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: I have a secret also, Sinuhe, which
dialog: it is time I told you. Concerning
dialog: the boy --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 355 (Cont.)
dialog: 129,
speaker_heading: SINUEHE
dialog: (before this registers)
dialog: This is my mother.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Mother --- ?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: So I have been led to believe. And
dialog: if this is true then I, Sinuhe, have
dialog: the blood of the Pharaohs and I, not
text: Akhnaton, might have sat on the throne.
dialog: This much I know for sure -- tomorrow
dialog: I can take the throne.
dialog: (shows her his palm)
dialog: As easily -
dialog: (closes his palm)
dialog: Can you believe this?
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: All things are possible ...
scene_heading: 356 CLOSE SHOT - TWO - NIGHT
text: as he takes her by the shoulders again, very moved and
dialog: very much at a loss,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: What shall I do, Merit? The palace
dialog: reeks with crime - it rots with
dialog: intrigue -- but what is a man's birth-
dialog: right -- }
dialog: (suddenly, rapidly)
dialog: We will go away! You and I. Come
dialog: with me. You and I and the boy --
dialog: you started to say something about
dialog: him? ~- There must be some place
dialog: beyond the reach of all this evil!
text: She feels the force of his appeal as he waits for her
dialog: answer.
dialog: After a struggle with herseif -
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (in a quiet, rather
text: strange, calm decided
dialog: way
dialog: You must take Thoth with you when you
dialog: take your place at the palace.
dialog: (as he starts to pro-
dialog: test)
dialog: You believed yourself to be an orphan
dialog: child -- kind people took you in <= do
dialog: this for him,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: 356 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 357
speaker_heading: 358
speaker_heading: 359
dialog: 360
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: But you? I cannot live without youl
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (more firmly)
dialog: It is not fitting for a man to run
text: away, nor can he escape his destiny.
dialog: Sinuhe -- you will always have the
dialog: love of your serving girl -- her mat
dialog: will always be waiting -- forget all
dialog: else as if it were a dream, and I also
dialog: will forget.
speaker_heading: THOTE'S VOICE
text: Moth, , (approaching, yelling)
dialog: other! -
dialog: As they turn -
scene_heading: ANGLE TO THOTH - NIGHT
text: He comes running toward them, wildly excited, gesticu-
text: lating toward Akhnaton's temple. In his hand, like a
text: dagger, he carries the Hittite spearhead.
speaker_heading: THOTH
text: They are attacking the templel
scene_heading: AT SINUHE AND MERIT - NIGHT
text: Sinuhe is climbing onto a heap of ruined wall as Thoth
dialog: runs in.
text: FROM SINUHE'S PERSPECTIVE ON RUINED WALL - LONG SHOT TO
scene_heading: AKHNATON'S TEMPLE OF ATON - NIGHT
dialog: This is a comprehensive view which will set up the whole
text: pattern of the attack on Akhnaton's temple. Along the
text: broad ways before the temple, several columns of foot-
text: soldiers are converging for the attack, They carry
text: torches, by which this movement can be discerned - there
text: is a horde. At the head of each colum is being dragged
text: along a great battering ram. The ram of the central
text: column of troops is being taken toward the main gates of
text: the temple; those of the other columms toward positions
text: along the temple walls.
scene_heading: EXT, RUINED TEMPLE - SINUHE, MERIT AND THOTH ~ NIGHT
text: as Sinuhe scrambles down from the heap of ruined wall,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: We can get in through the side gate.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: 360 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 361
dialog: 362
speaker_heading: 363
speaker_heading: 364
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Thoth! Go home}
speaker_heading: THOTH
dialog: No}
scene_heading: EXT, OUTSIDE OF AKHNATON'S TEMPLE OF ATON - ANGLE TOWARD
scene_heading: MAIN GATES OF TEMPLE - A BATTERING RAM - PRIESTS, SLAVES
scene_heading: AND SOLDIERS OF THE OLD GODS - DEFENDERS OF TEMPLE - NIGHT
text: The angle is from almost directly behind the battering ram.
text: It is being pulled along, on sledges by SLAVES harnessed
text: to it, and by SOLDIERS. PRIESTS OF THE OLD GODS, most of
text: whom are old and fat, shaven, glistening with oil, and who
dialog: carry torches, urge on those who pull the ram, We may
text: have an indication of the SOLDIERS who follow after the
text: ram, They are armed with spears of copper and bronze,
text: bows and arrows, stone-tipped war clubs. In b.g. is the
text: wide, wood-and-copper principal gates of the temple - the
text: objective of this ram. On either side of the gates can
text: be seen the tops of some ladders which have been raised
text: from the temple grounds inside. Some DEFENDERS have
text: climbed up onto the walis, are waving such weapons as
text: they have, including staves and farm tools, are shouting
dialog: their defiance,
scene_heading: EXT, TEMPLE GROUNDS - LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: The general scene is one of greatest confusion. Some
text: ladders are being thrown up against the walls; some are
text: climbing the ladders; but chiefly it is a scene of dis-
text: order, of wild running to and fro, of fright. There are
dialog: many women and children in here ~- even more of them than
dialog: there are men,
scene_heading: AT A SMALL SIDE GATE - MED. LONG SHOT - DEFENDERS - SINUHE,
scene_heading: MERIT AND THOTH - NIGHT
text: are being let in. Bars are thrown across the gate again.
text: Sinuhe goes off in one direction, a definite destination
text: in mind. Thoth runs off in another as Merit tries to
text: stop him. Knocked off balance by someone who is running
dialog: through -
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Thothl
text: Runs out after him.
scene_heading: AT SECTION OF TEMPLE GROUNDS - MOVING SHOT - SINUHE - NIGHT
text: makes his way to the place where previously he has been
text: seen treating the sick and injured. Already there are
text: many who need his services, and a badly injured man who
text: is lying on the ground clutches at his legs.
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: 364 (Cont. )
dialog: 365
speaker_heading: 366
speaker_heading: 367
speaker_heading: WOUNDED MAN
dialog: Help, in God's name}
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: In your turn. Make a line, here}
text: Getting to his instruments, he stops as he sees Kaptah.
scene_heading: GLOSER ANGLE - SINUHE AND KAPTAH - NIGHT
text: Sinuhe reacts, especially when he sees that Kaptah is
text: bruised and his fine clothing is torn - signs that he
dialog: has been fighting.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Aren't you on the wrong side of the
dialog: wall?
speaker_heading: KAPTAH
dialog: (sheepishly)
dialog: I followed my master all over the earth
dialog: ~- now I follow him to destruction,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Help me make order.
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Each in your turn!
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPLE - SLANTING ANGLE AT MAIN GATE - BATTERING
scene_heading: RAM - PRIESTS AND SOLDIERS OF THE OLD GODS - RIGHT
text: The ram has been moved to the main gate. Its great arms
text: swing back and then forward with a first shattering impact
text: against the gates, which makes the gates quiver. From the
text: walls up above, a shower of sticks, stones, etc., shower
text: down - a pitiful attempt at answer, Along f.g. a line of
text: soldiers, BOWMEN, can be seen, kneeling, their weapons
text: poised. They let fly a swarm of arrows up toward the top
text: of the wall, The ram arm swings back, forward again with
text: another booming blow.
scene_heading: EXT, TEMPLE GROUNDS - MOVING SHOT WITH MERIT - NIGHT
text: is helping other women carry wine to the ladders of the
text: fighters - and looking worriedly for Thoth.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: Have you seen Thoth?
speaker_heading: 368
speaker_heading: 369
speaker_heading: 370
speaker_heading: 371
dialog: 372
speaker_heading: 373
dialog: 133.
scene_heading: EXT, TEMPLE - SLANTING ANGLE AT A SECTION OF WALL ~
scene_heading: BATTERING RAM - PRIESTS AND SOLDIERS OF THE OLD GODS -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: In its generalities this scene is a duplicate of that at
text: the main gates. The battering ram is smacking into the
text: wall, which already is showing the signs of previous
text: blows. We see a line of SOLDIERS who, commanded by a
text: PRIEST, kneel to aim their bows and arrows.
scene_heading: EXT. ATOP TEMPLE WALL - SLANTING SHOT DOWN LINE OF
scene_heading: DEFENDERS - SKY BACKING - THOTH IN F.G. - NIGHT
text: The defenders - pitiful in their defense - hurl down a
text: few stones - some roll off large stones. Thoth, his eyes
text: alight, waits, holding in his hands the Hittite spearhead.
text: A swarm of arrows flies up into scene. One of them pierces
text: Thoth. He topples backward.
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPLE GROUNDS AT LADDER AT BASE OF WALL - THOTH -
scene_heading: GROUP OF WOMEN - NIGHT
text: Thoth falls off the wall to temple grounds, arrow break-
text: ing, leaving stub in his chest. He falls into the midst
text: of a group of women.
scene_heading: NEARBY - CLOSE SHOT - MERIT - NIGHT
text: turns at what she sees; a silent scream freszes in her
dialog: throat.
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPLE GROUNDS AT SINUHE'S POST - WIDE ANGLE -
scene_heading: SINUHE, KAPTAH, WOUNDED - MERIT AND THOTH - NIGHT
text: Sinuhe is working as quickly as he can; there are many
text: wounded. Kaptah is the first to see Merit coming, turns
text: to watch her as she carries Thoth through f.2.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - NIGHT
dialog: bring Merit, with Thoth, to Sinuhe and Kaptah. The butt
text: of the arrow projectiong through the boy's chest tells
text: part of the story; Merit's agony tells the rest. Kaptah
text: plucks at Sinuhe's sleeve. Annoyed to be interrupted,
text: Sinuhe turns, sees Merit with Thoth.
speaker_heading: MERTT
dialog: Save him!
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (after a struggle)
dialog: Wait your turn!
text: He turns and works feverishly on the wounded man who has
text: been receiving his attention.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13h.
speaker_heading: 373 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: He is your soni
text: Sinuhe whirls and looks at her and the boy again.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (after a terrible
dialog: struggle, manages
dialog: to say - )
dialog: In line.
text: He turns back and works furiously. Kaptah comes to
text: Merit. He gently forces her back, camera panning with
text: them away from Sinuhe. He helps her lay the boy on the
text: ground. Her frantic eyes plead with him. But Kaptah
dialog: can do nothing.
scene_heading: 37h EXT. TEMPLE - CLOSE SHOT AT MAIN GATES - BATTERING RAM -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
dialog: In its might is symbolized all the inequality of the
text: struggle. Its great arm swings back, forward with a
text: erash which begins to shatter the gates. There is a
text: roar from the soldiers. The great arm swings back again.
scene_heading: 375 EXT. TEMPLE GROUNDS CLOSE SHOT AT MAIN GATES - DEFENDERS -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Defenders, many of them women, press with their hands
text: and their bodies against the gates, trying with their
dialog: main strength to reinforce the timbers and copper. Ram
text: is heard to crash against the gates - knocks many of the
text: defenders backward off their feet. A crack is opened in
text: the gates. A roar is heard from the soldiers outside.
scene_heading: 376 EXT. TEMPLE GROUNDS - AT SINUHE'S POST - SINUHE - MERIT,
scene_heading: THOTH AND KAPTAH - MOVING SHOT - NIGHT
text: Pinished with the wounded man, Sinuhe hurries to Thoth.
text: Merit watches him with dull eyes as he stoops down to
text: the boy - for she already knows what Sinuhe with a short
text: examination discovers - that the boy has bled to death,
text: He looks up at her with pleading eyes. She turns her
text: back and walks away.
scene_heading: 377 EXT. TEMPLE GROUNDS - MED. SHOT AT MAIN GATES - DEFENDERS -
scene_heading: ATTACKING SOLDIERS AND PRIESTS - NIGHT
text: With a great blow of the ram the gates are knocked in.
text: Defenders are swept aside and fall beneath the weight
text: of the timbers. The army sweeps in, yelling, weapons
text: waving - a flood of destruction.
speaker_heading: 378
speaker_heading: 379
dialog: 380
speaker_heading: 361
dialog: 135.
scene_heading: EXT, TEMPLE GROUNDS - MED, SHOT AT SECTION OF WALL -
scene_heading: DEFENDERS - ATTACKING SOLDIERS AND PRIESTS - WIGHT
text: The wall crumbles as a great hole is knocked in i¢ by a
text: biow of this ram. Those who are on top of the wall come
text: down with the stones, A horde of destruction sweeps
text: through like that at the main gates.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT, TEMPLE GROUNDS - LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: Tt is an hour later. The battle is over, Silence. Fow
dialog: only the dead.
scene_heading: EXT, TEMPLE GROUNDS WEAR CROSS OF LIFE - MOVING SHOT -
scene_heading: SINUHE - MERIT - THOTH - NIGHT
text: Sinuhe is moving among the dead. Presently he comes
text: upon that for which he searches - finds the body of Merit
text: among a pile of dead. He picks her up, carries her to
text: the altar at the foot of the Cross of Life, lays her down
text: next to the body of Thoth.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT ~- SINUHE - A DYING WOMAN - NIGHT
text: With a torn fragment of altar cloth he covers them. He
text: is bitter, broken. Hatred begins to set the lines of
text: his face. He rises and, camera retreating ahead of him,
text: begins to walk away. The’ arms of a faintly alive woman
text: reach up into scene, trying to clutch at him,
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Help mel
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Help yourselfi
text: As he walks past her his face seta with bitter anger and
dialog: determination.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO;
dialog: Ske
dialog: 382
speaker_heading: 383
dialog: 136.
scene_heading: INT, THRONE ROOM OF PHARAOH'S PALACE - OUTSIDE DOORWAY
scene_heading: TO PHARAOH'S BEDROOM ~ WIDE ANGLE - HOREMHEB AND EIE -
scene_heading: TWO SOLDIERS - NIGHT
text: A pair of Horemheb's soldiers guard the entrance to
text: Phareach's bedroom. Horemheb and Eie are walking silently
text: together, their backs to camera, They turn as they hear
text: the sound of approaching footsteps. :
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - SINUHE - HOREMHEB AND EIE - NIGHT
text: bringing him to them. On his face is seen the bitterness
text: which was there when he walked out of the temple. They
text: hurry into scene to him. Sinuhe stops and looks at them.
speaker_heading: EIE
dialog: Does this mean you consent?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: It does. I've had my fill of Akhnaton's
dialog: kingdom on earth.
text: He unfolds his right hand, shows that he carries a small
dialog: stone vial.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Akhnaton is alone in his chamber. My
dialog: own soldiers are on guard. How will it
dialog: be given?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: In a cup of wine -
dialog: (wry smiles)
dialog: - when you and I drink with him.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (startled)
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: We are bound together - as you said.
dialog: (then getting to business)
dialog: Spare me one of your guards -- I want
dialog: a pantry cleared so I can work privately.
dialog: (going away)
dialog: Don't fret, Horemheb -- what is needed
text: will be in Pharaoh's cup.
text: He walks out through a door into a corridor. Horemheb,
dialog: worried, has nothing to do but -
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (to soldier)
dialog: Go with hin,
speaker_heading: 384
dialog: 385
speaker_heading: 386
speaker_heading: 387
speaker_heading: 388
speaker_heading: 389
dialog: 390
speaker_heading: 391
dialog: 392
dialog: 5k
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: INT, PALACE CORRIDOR = SINUHE FOLLOWED BY SOLDIER - NIGHT
text: Sinuhe walks up corridor toward camera. The soldier fol-
text: lows well behind. Sinuhe comes to an opening which leads
text: to a private room and, happening to glance inside, stops.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR AND PRIVATE ROOM = PAST SINUHE TO ROOM ~
scene_heading: BAKETAMON, PRIESTS, HANDMAIDENS - NIGHT
text: Supervised by Priests of the old gods, Baketamon is being
text: arrayed by HANDMAIDENS in the red robe and jeweled accou~
text: terments and helmet of the goddess Sekhmet.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM = BAKETAMON ~ NIGHT
text: sees Sinuhe, Unable to speak because of those present she
text: throws him a look which is at once both an entreaty and a
dialog: question,
scene_heading: FROM BAKETAMON'S PERSPECTIVE ~ SINUHE - NIGHT
text: bows, goes along.
scene_heading: BAKETAMON - NIGHT
text: Smiles with anticipated triumph. Sinuhe's footsteps are
text: heard going down the corridor,
scene_heading: INT, SECTION OF PALACE PANTRY - ANGLE TO CORRIDOR DOOR -
scene_heading: SINUHE - NIGHT
text: enters, closing door so guard will remain outside. He
text: selects a bottle of wine, three goblets; opens wine. Into
text: the first of the goblets he pours a small quantity of liquid
text: from the stone vial - hesitates a moment = into second gob-
text: let pours a like quantity. Then into the third goblet he
text: pours a like amount. This latter action is completely
text: inexplicable until we see his next: He picks up a big jar
text: of olive oil, pours a large quantity of oil into a larger
text: drinking vessel, begins to drink it.
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - LONG SHOT - BAKETAMON AND PROCESSION OF
scene_heading: PRIESTS ~- HOREMHEB AND EIE - NIGHT
text: The procession to the temple of Sekhmet is passing through
text: to leave the palace - Baketamon, accompanied by Priests,
dialog: in glory.
scene_heading: ANGLE TO HOREMHEB - NIGHT
text: looks hungrily at her,
scene_heading: FROM HOREMHEB'S PERSPECTIVE - BAKETAMON - NIGHT
text: looks neither to right nor left. There is a smile on her
dialog: face,
dialog: 138.
scene_heading: 393 HOREMHEB AND EIE - THEN SINUHE ~ NIGHT
text: For the first time Baketamon's ignoring of him does not
dialog: pother Horemheb ~ sure as he is of what will follow this
text: night. He throws a look of amusement at Eie, then both
text: go to meet Sinuhe as the latter comes in, carrying a tray
text: on which are three drinking cups of wine. Sinuhe hands
text: the tray to Horemheb with a rather strange smile.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: So let it be.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: Which is his?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: The one he will take.
text: He goes to Akhnaton's doorway, where he waits. Horemheb
text: summons his nerve, goes through into the room, Sinuhe
text: follows.
scene_heading: 394, INT, AKHNATON'S ROOM - FULL SHOT - SINUHE, HOREMHEB,
scene_heading: AKHNATON - NIGHT
text: Only dim lights - semidarkness, This room is rather simple.
text: It's principal decoration is painted on the wail behind the
text: head of Akhnaton's sleeping couch -- the full symbol of his
text: god ~~ the sun's-disc with hands in benediction holding
text: the Cross of Life. On a table by the sleeping couch rests
text: the crown, the crook and other symbols of kingship. Akhnaton
text: lies very still on the couch, his head on the headrest.
text: Sinuhe and Horemheb approach him quietly.
scene_heading: 395 CLOSE SHOT PAST AKHNATON ON COUCH TO SINUHE AND HOREMHEB -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: For a moment they look down at him, thinking that Akhnaton
text: is asleep, but then he opens his eyes,
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (as if he has expected them)
dialog: Ah,
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (with friendly cordiality)
dialog: We beg leave to drink wine with you,
dialog: Akhnaton, in token of friendship. I
dialog: regret my words on the roof top and
dialog: believe that tomorrow the prospects for
dialog: Egypt will be brighter.
text: Akhnaton gives him an odd, twisted smile, his eyes shift to
dialog: Sinuhe.
speaker_heading: AKENATON
dialog: De you bring me peace, Sinuhe?
speaker_heading: she (CONTINUED)
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: 395 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 396
text: He reaches out and takes one of the goblets. Horemheb,
text: nervous, makes sure that Akhnaton is looking at the goblet,
text: shifts his eyes quickly to Sinuhe in question, Sinuhe nods.
text: Satisfied, Horemheb sets the tray with the other two gob-
text: lets on a small table by the couch, Akhnaton looks at them
text: and with a gesture invites them to be seated.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Like old times. Do you remember when we
dialog: three met on the dessert - young men «=~ ?
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (disregarding him, to Sinuhe)
dialog: If you bring me peace, it will be sweeter
text: than the scent of myrrh.
text: With a sudden, surprisingly swift motion, he drains the
text: goblet. A half-gesture from Sinuhe is too late. As
text: Horemheb watches with great suspense, Akhnaton sighs, lets
text: the goblet roll from his hand and lays his head back onto
text: the headrest.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (with satisfaction)
dialog: Much brighter, tomorrow,
scene_heading: VERY TIGHT SHOT - THREE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: AKHNATON
dialog: (fervently)
dialog: Sinuhe! Harken to me! God has not for-
dialog: saken me, When you left me on the roof top
dialog: - as darkness descended ~ I saw the true
dialog: light. All things I have spoken I had from
dialog: God! I die, not because I tried to deceive
dialog: the world, but because I tried to make it
dialog: noble. -= With what difficulty does God try
dialog: to reveal Himself - for we, His children,
dialog: are blind and stupid. For ages, through
dialog: the great circle of time, He has tried --
dialog: He tried with me -- I was frail and weak
dialog: but He has shown me His love, permitting
dialog: me to die in His cause. I tell you - I
dialog: was the shadow of One Who will come -- the
dialog: Mighty One -- a King of Kings!
dialog: (weakening)
dialog: I was a shadow to walk before Him ...
text: He stops talking, and Horemheb and Sinuhe, looking at him,
text: Yaderstand that he is dead. For a long moment they are
dialog: silent, then -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 140.
speaker_heading: 396 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (more to himself than
dialog: 6 Horemheb)
dialog: Why have I done this? Was it for the
dialog: good of Egypt? Was it because he asked
dialog: me, and I loved him -- did I hate hin,
dialog: because of Merit and Thoth? Or is it
dialog: written that a man must live his life
dialog: until his cup be full to overflowing?
scene_heading: 397 WIDER ANGLE - SINUHE AND HOREMHEB ~ NIGHT
text: Horemheb rises and looks down at Akhnaton, He takes off
text: his cloak and, as he did in the desert, spreads it over
text: the still, frail form, He straightens, rises to his full
text: height, seems to expand.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: This is the hour I have awaited all my
dialog: life.
dialog: (with a kind of awe)
dialog: I am Egypt now! :
text: He picks up his goblet, raises it.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (fascinated, quietly)
dialog: Horemheb ...
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: And I will do such deeds for her glory -~ !
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Don't drink it,
text: Horemheb looks an astonished question at him.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Or you will not be Egypt - or any - thing.
text: Slowly comprehension dawns on Horemheb. The hand which
text: holds the goblet begins to tremble; he drops the goblet
text: which rings on the floor, and wine splashes everywhere,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Go to the temple, Horemheb --
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (fright growing into anger)
dialog: You dared - ?
speaker_heading: SINUHE
text: Baketamon waits.
speaker_heading: she (CONTINUED)
dialog: She
speaker_heading: 397 (Cont.)
dialog: yl.
speaker_heading: SINUHE (Cont.)
dialog: (walking away into room)
dialog: She will be greatly surprised, for it is
dialog: not you she expects, and no doubt the
text: claws of the lioness goddess will rip
dialog: into you - but you can prevail.
text: (on the other side of cot,
text: looks at crown, etc. on
dialog: table)
dialog: Go to the temple, climb the throne -
dialog: (throws crown more at
dialog: him than to him)
dialog: - receive your crown and bless my name,
dialog: for I, an insignificant physician, have
dialog: make you Pharaoh!
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: You really dared,
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Yes, I dared and dare now, had not
dialog: Akhnaton's last words saved us both,
dialog: Wear the dirty crown! --
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: This was treason! I will --
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (with scorn)
dialog: You will, will, what you will! You will
dialog: go to war and win a battle? You will con=
dialog: quer and not know that it is defeat? You
dialog: will raise Egypt to glory, and watch her
dialog: die? Horemheb, the crown is heavy, and
dialog: you will wear it with sorrow. We live in
dialog: the twilight of Egypt, and you will be her
text: sunset. Wations rise, only to fall - races
dialog: die out - kings build mighty monuments,
text: only to have them crumble into dust - glory
dialog: flees like a shadow -- all these things are
dialog: earthly, and have the seed of death in them.
dialog: Only a thought can live = only a great truth
dialog: can grow and flourish, and a truth cannot be
text: killed. It passes in secret from one man's
dialog: heart to another - it is given in a mother's
dialog: milk to her child ~~ How many upheavals must
dialog: occur, how many people be swept from the
text: face of the earth before the truth shines
dialog: in glory, but it will, it will ...
scene_heading: 398 ANGLE TO HOREMHEB - NIGHT
text: Horemheb has recovered his composure, has measured his
dialog: strength against Sinuhe's with satisfaction,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 398 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 399
dialog: 4.00
speaker_heading: 4o1
speaker_heading: 4o2
dialog: She
speaker_heading: ANGLE To
speaker_heading: ANGLE TO
dialog: lke.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (with amused scorn)
dialog: Are you trying to tell me that you will
dialog: fight against me, Sinuhe?
scene_heading: SINUHE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: Oh, you will win that too - you will
dialog: silence me, But not for a long time,
dialog: for we are bound together, you and I
dialog: -~ the knowledge of a mutual crime
dialog: forms bonds even stronger than those
dialog: of friendship - and until you do
dialog: silence me ---
scene_heading: HOREMHEB - NIGHT
speaker_heading: EHOREMHEB
dialog: (with amused scorn)
dialog: Yes - and what will you do, physician?
scene_heading: ANGLE TO SINUHE - NIGHT
text: with camera moving very slowly to him during -
speaker_heading: SINUEE
dialog: (simply, but with increasing,
dialog: calm fervor)
dialog: I will go amongst the people and speak of
dialog: the God who loves us all. I will wear the
text: clothes of slaves and kick the sandals off
text: my feet and speak to the wives as they fry
text: their fish before their mud huts by the
dialog: river - to the porters on the docks = to
text: the smiths at their bellows = to the mer-
dialog: chants who mix sand with flour - to the
dialog: mill owners who gag their slaves that they
dialog: might not eat the corn they grind = to the
dialog: judges who give wrong judgments for bribes
dialog: - to the nobles who will set their dogs on
dialog: me ~= and I will say:
scene_heading: DIRECT CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE IN DESERT - CLOSE SHOT - OLD SINUHE - SUNSET
text: as he continues directly -
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE
dialog: There is no difference between one man and
dialog: another, for all are born naked into the
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 143.
speaker_heading: 402 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: 403
dialog: kok
dialog: hos
speaker_heading: 406
speaker_heading: 407
speaker_heading: OLD SINUHE (Cont.)
dialog: world, A man cannot be measured by the
dialog: color of his skin, or by his speech, or
text: by his clothes and jewels, but only by
dialog: his heart. A good man is better than a
dialog: bad man, and justice is better than in-
dialog: justice. I have spent the days of my life
dialog: in seeking knowledge -- and that is all I
dialog: imow,
text: A swift, wide motion of his hand sets the scroll rolling
dialog: backward,
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SCROLL - SUNSET
text: Just a flash - scroll rolling backward.
scene_heading: DIRECT CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THEBES - LONG SHOT TOWARD THE ENTRANCE OF THE TEMPLE
scene_heading: SCHOOL "THE HOUSE OF LIFE" ~ A GROUP OF STUDENTS - BRIGHT
speaker_heading: DAY
text: burst out of the building ~ about twenty-five of them -
text: they literally tumble out of the building. Each holds
text: in his hand a papyrus roll tied with ribbon, a symbol
dialog: of graduation.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE STUDENTS ~- SINUHE AND HOREMHEB AT SEVENTEEN
scene_heading: YEARS OF AGE - BRIGHT DAY
text: They pause, out of breath.
speaker_heading: HOREMHEB
dialog: (gay and carefree)
dialog: Well, here we are - our lessons learned,
dialog: our duties to the temple done. Now you
dialog: go to the higher temple to study and I to
dialog: the barracks to become a soldier <---
text: He stops as he sees someone o.s. across the street, nudges
text: Sinuhe and points. Sinuhe looks in that direction.
scene_heading: FROM THEIR PERSPECTIVE - ACROSS STREET - MERIT AT SEVENTEEN
speaker_heading: ~ BRIGHT DAY
text: stands waiting, smiling.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - BRIGHT DAY
text: Sinuhe and Horemheb part, Their shouts of goodbye are
text: practically lost in the shouting of all the other students.
text: Sinuhe runs across the street to Merit.
dialog: she
speaker_heading: 408
speaker_heading: 409
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT - SINUHE AND MERIT - BRIGHT DAY
text: as he rushes to her.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (showing papyrus roll)
dialog: I'tve got it!
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: I am proud! So proud}
text: They link arms, come along the street, camera retreating
text: ahead of them. Suddenly Sinuhe slows down; Merit adjusts
text: her pace to his, Then he stops altogether, She looks at
text: him - sees that there is a faraway look in his eyes - a
text: thoughtful look on his face.
speaker_heading: MERIT
dialog: What are you thinking about?
text: With a slight start, Sinuhe comes out of his absorption.
text: He glances at the diploma in his hand, then looks at Merit.
speaker_heading: SINUHE
dialog: (eager, alive)
dialog: i wonder what this life holds in store
dialog: for me see.
text: Then, lightheartedly they start to walk again, coming
text: directly toward camera, their faces alive with hope- and
dialog: expectation for the future,
scene_heading: DIRECT CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT OUTSIDE CAIRO ~ THE PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT - DAY
text: as they are today, eroded by time, crumbling into dust.
dialog: And these words:
dialog: The events of this story happened
dialog: almost fourteen hundred years be-
dialog: fore the birth of Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: Tz END
dialog: 
