dialog: The Three Musketeers
dialog: Written by
scene_heading: DAVID LOUGHERY
dialog: Revisions by
scene_heading: HARLEY PEYTON
dialog: This material is the sole property of the Walt Disney
dialog: Company and is restricted to the use of the Walt
dialog: Disney Company and its authorized employees and
dialog: agents. Distribution, disclosure, reproduction or
dialog: sale of this material to unauthorized personnel is
dialog: strictly prohibited.
dialog: January 5, 1993
scene_heading: THE THREE MUSKETEERS
speaker_heading: OPEN ON:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. GASCONY - DAWN 1
text: Dawn. A verdant field in Gascony. BIRDS CALL from tree-
text: tops. The WIND RUSTLES through green leaves. A fox
text: darts into a thick hedge. And last, anti-pastoral, out
text: of place -- the sound of CLASHING STEEL.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: France, 1625.
text: Suddenly, two young men burst INTO VIEW, sword points
text: cutting brilliant arcs through the morning air. The
text: first is GIRARD, bearded, nearly thirty, a man in every
text: facet. The second, D'ARTAGNAN. Younger in appearance
text: and attitude. Exuberant, handsome. And at just this
text: moment, bounding over a low stone wall with a boisterous
dialog: cry.
text: They battle across an expanse of turf thick with dew.
text: Girard is the more polished combatant. But d'Artagnan is
text: nearly a force of nature. He whips his sword through the
text: air with wild-hearted abandon. He tumbles and somer-
dialog: saults. This is fun.
text: Girard and d'Artagnan cross the field, pass over a wooden
text: fence, struggle toward a stable and hayloft. As they
text: fight, both men utilize a variety of props. Handfuls of
text: hay, a wooden spar, quick kicks from heavy boots.
text: Anything goes as the swords cut through the air.
text: D'Artagnan, gaining increasing advantage, forces Girard
text: up against a peaceful country manor. Girard, seemingly
text: cornered, executes a gymnastic flip onto the roof,
text: fights from this high angle. D'Artagnan merely smiles...
text: and follows.
scene_heading: 2 ANGLE ON ROOFTOP 2
text: Seen briefly in silhouette against the rising sun, Girard
text: and d'Artagnan scramble up the v-shaped rooftop, pause
text: to exchange swipes at the peak, then slide down the other
text: side, attacking, defending, as they go.
scene_heading: 3 INCLUDE INTERIOR 3
text: Inside the manor house, a HANDSOME WOMAN of forty glances
text: up from her writing table, hears FOOTSTEPS on the roof.
text: She reacts -- curious, not afraid -- and steps to an open
text: window. As if to follow the footsteps to the other side.
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: 4 BACK TO SCENE 4
text: Girard leaps to the ground first -- landing in an en-
text: closure filled with SQUAWKING GEESE. D'Artagnan flies
text: after. The geese scatter, d'Artagnan -- whose wild
text: progress frequently resembles that of a young colt --
text: stumbles briefly. Girard seeks advantage, thrusts his
text: sword toward the young man's heart. But d'Artagnan
text: parries the blow with a heavy gloved hand, rolls over
text: the offending goose -- glances deadpan apology -- and
text: rises to fight again.
text: The epic battle continues. Girard's modest success de-
text: volves into desperate flight. D'Artagnan's seemingly
text: endless reserves are wearing him down. Then, at the
text: last possible moment, Girard spies escape: a slow-
text: moving HAYCART RUIMBLING up the country road. He runs
text: toward the cart, leaps upon it, turns back to d'Artagnan
text: with a confident smirk -- an expression that vanishes
text: when the young Gascon executes a nearly impossible leap
text: to join him.
text: And still they battle, the clash of swords a kind of
text: music by now, the men, their exuberance, the bright morn-
text: ing all combined into a dazzlingly heroic display. Just
text: then: The haycart crosses a wooden plank bridge. Girard
text: backs from d'Artagnan's sword, weak from exhaustion, he
text: stumbles. D'Artagnan has his man and he knows it. He
dialog: prepares one last blow --
text: -- And the haycart shifts, deposits both men over the
text: side and down to the small muddy creek below. A comical
dialog: antidote to all this glorious swordplay.
scene_heading: 5 INCLUDE CREEK 5
text: Girard lands flat on his back, stunned, his sword out of
text: reach. D'Artagnan lands similarly, but recovers with
dialog: grace, or rather, as much grace as the muddy situation
text: will allow. He rolls toward Girard, sword in hand, and
text: lightly places the sharp gleaming tip against his adam's
dialog: apple.
text: A long beat. Then a surprise. Girard begins to laugh,
text: long and loud. D'Artagnan responds with a charmed smile.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Had enough?
speaker_heading: GIRARD
dialog: (breathless
dialog: deadpan)
dialog: I believe now would be a good
dialog: time to end your, uhm, formal
dialog: training. Well done.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
scene_heading: 5 CONTINUED: 5
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: D'Artagnan leaps to his feet, races off without another
text: word. Girard struggles upward, peers at the shape of his
text: clothing -- cut to ribbons, muddy and soaked.
speaker_heading: GIRARD
dialog: And god have mercy on whomever
dialog: you meet next.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 6 EXT. GASCONY - HANDSOME WOMAN'S POV - DAY 6
text: D'Artagnan races across the green fields, triumphant.
scene_heading: 7 ANOTHER ANGLE 7
text: She stands at the open window, watches his coltish high
text: steps with love. Sadness too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 8 INT. D'ARTAGNAN'S HOME - DAY 8
text: D'Artagnan steps through the country manor, calls out:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Mother...?
text: But he does not see her. D'Artagnan continues, chatter-
text: ing proudly as he goes.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Did you see us? You heard us,
dialog: I'll bet. Girard finally
dialog: surrendered a compliment...
dialog: though I almost had to kill him
dialog: to get it... Mother...?
text: D'Artagnan comes upon an open door, a small room beyond.
text: He pauses, then steps inside.
scene_heading: 9 INCLUDE FATHER'S STUDY 9
text: A Spartan interior. Heraldic emblems upon the wall, sou-
text: venirs from battles won and lost.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: 9 CONTINUED: 9
text: A piece of parchment, on it the words: "All For One, and
text: One For All." And, in a place of honor, a worn blue and
text: gold tunic. Below it, the Handsome Woman, d'Artagnan's
text: mother, kneels at an open chest. She turns back to him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (HANDSOME WOMAN)
dialog: Sit down.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Didn't you hear me? Girard --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sit.
text: D'Artagnan sighs, sits in a large wooden chair. A beat.
text: His mother speaks quietly, eyes turned back to the open
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Your father was a proud man. And
dialog: he had a right to be. I never
dialog: knew one as brave or as kind. He
dialog: knew that his strength was a gift
dialog: to be given in the service of
dialog: honor. That is why he dedicated
dialog: his life to his country and his
dialog: King. That is why he gave his
dialog: life, for both.
text: She reaches into the chest, carefully extracts a
text: beautiful saber.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I watched you this morning and
dialog: saw someone I knew. You have
dialog: your father's heart, his will to
dialog: fight, his courage. But these
dialog: gifts have no value unless they
dialog: are given.
text: She rises, holds the sword out to him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It's time for you find your
dialog: fortune with men as brave and
dialog: as bold as you are. In Paris.
text: With the King's Musketeers.
dialog: (re: sword)
dialog: You'll need this.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (quiet, moved)
dialog: Father's sword.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: 9 CONTINUED: (2) 9
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Forged in the Crusades, handed
dialog: from generation to generation.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: And now to me.
text: D'Artagnan can't help it, his eager reply leavens the
dialog: nobility of the moment with warm humor, youthful inno-
text: cence. His mother smiles as she repeats.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes, son. And now to you.
text: With that, she holds out the beautiful saber. D'Artagnan
text: takes it firmly into his hands.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 10 EXT. GASCONY - DAY 10
text: A huge and beautiful field appropriate to the moment.
text: Mother and son stand in the vast expanse. D'Artagnan
text: holds a restless horse by the reins, his traveling satch-
text: el attached to the saddle.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'm not your mother now. I'm
dialog: speaking for your father. And
dialog: this is what he would have told
dialog: you. Never forget the code of
dialog: the d'Artagnans. It is your
dialog: special heritage.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Always seek out adventure...
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Never run from a fight...
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I won't.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Never submit to insults. Except
dialog: from the King.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And be wary of Cardinal Richelieu
dialog: for he rules France through the
dialog: King.
text: A bittersweet moment. D'Artagnan posed before his first
dialog: great adventure. But not completely certain that he
dialog: wishes to leave home.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Mother. Maybe I should wait.
dialog: Until after harvest.
text: D'Artganan's mother smiles, understands. And speaks
text: gently to urge him forward.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You've heard that every man in
text: the Musketeers is on the run from
dialog: someone or something?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Yes. But what am I running from?
speaker_heading: MOGHER
dialog: (gentle humor)
text: A shrew of a mother, and a drafty
dialog: old house. Now go.
text: And in this fashion, she releases him. D'Artagnan sweeps
text: his Mother into an embrace, now turns, heroic, and leaps
text: into the saddle. The horse reacts with a start, skitters
text: in a half-cicle. D'Artagnan struggles to gain control,
text: finally brings the horse to rein. He manages a charmed
text: grin. His mother smiles, scolds:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And for heaven's sake, practice
dialog: your horsemanship.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Horsemanship. Got it.
text: D'Artagnan digs his heels into the horse's flanks, shoots
text: off across bright green fields. His Mother shields her
text: eyes from the sun, feels a gathering of tears, and
text: watches him ride into the distance.
speaker_heading: 11 HIGH ANGLE 11
text: D'Artagnan's flight toward a new world.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: 12 EMBLEM OF KING'S MUSKETEERS 12
text: It FILLS the SCREEN, serves as background for the MAIN
text: TITLES. As the FINAL CREDIT APPEARS, and the MUSIC ENDS,
text: the blade of a sword ENTERS FRAME. It slides beneath the
text: emblem, pries it off the wall. The emblem falls to the
text: floor with an undignified thud. A fire blazes in a huge
text: hearth behind it.
scene_heading: 13 INCLUDE MUSKETEERS' HEADQUARTERS 13
text: A room in the Musketeers Headquarters. The fallen emblem
text: is retrieved by JUSSAC, an officer who wears the bright
text: red tunic of the Cardinal's Guards.
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: What should I do with this?
text: Jussac offers the emblem to a tall, elegant wraith in
text: black finery, a patch covers one eye. This is the COUNT
text: DE ROCHEFORT, Richelieu's right hand, one of the deadli-
dialog: est swordsmen in all of France.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Throw it on the fire with
dialog: everything else.
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: But this is the emblem of the
dialog: Musketeers...
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
text: The Musketeers no longer exist.
dialog: Or haven't you heard?
dialog: (cold command)
dialog: Throw it on the fire.
text: Jussac hastily adds the emblem to the fiery blaze, it is
text: instantly consumed. Rochefort watches it burn, then
text: walks to a balcony overlooking a vast courtyard.
scene_heading: 14 INCLUDE COURTYARD 14
text: Grim, funereal silence as a hundred Musketeers remove
text: their blue and gold tunics, drop them into a pile that
text: already contains their swords and muskets. The
text: Musketeers remain stoic throughout, unwilling to reveal
text: the depth of their despair. The latter is supervised by
dialog: the Cardinal's Guards, who view their hated enemies'
dialog: plight with satisfaction. This is a sad day for the
text: Musketeers, the end of an era.
text: MONSIEUR DE TREVILLE forces a salute toward the captain
text: of the Cardinal's Guards, hands over his own musket.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
scene_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
text: Treville is the respected leader of the Musketeers. This
dialog: is the saddest moment of all.
text: Rochefort watches from above, a cruel smile twists his
text: lips. He steps to the railing, addresses the men below.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Musketeers...
text: A hundred faces turn upward to regard him. And on each
text: the same expression -- absolute loathing for the man in
text: black. Rochefort is not intimidated by this sea of con-
text: tempt. He revels in it.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: By joint edict of His Majesty
dialog: King Louis XIII and His Eminence
dialog: Cardinal Richelieu, the
dialog: Musketeers are officially
dialog: disbanded. In preparation for
dialog: the coming war with England, your
dialog: ranks and commissions are hereby
dialog: transferred to the Infantry. You
dialog: will be contacted and told where
dialog: to report. Until that time, you
dialog: are instructed to return to your
dialog: homes.
speaker_heading: DE TREVILLE
dialog: (shouting to
dialog: Rochefort)
dialog: And who will protect the King?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: The Cardinal's Guards are more
dialog: than capable of assuming that...
dialog: responsibility.
text: Muttered curses and dissent throughout. Rochefort raises
dialog: his voice to be heard:
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: You are hereby ordered to
dialog: disperse. Should even one of you
dialog: resist... the entire corps will
dialog: be arrested and imprisoned.
dialog: (with pleasure
dialog: and disdain)
dialog: 'All for one, and one for all.'
text: As Rochefort intended, the Musketeers explode. But
text: before they can attack the Guards, de Treville's com-
text: manding voice calls out above the clamor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 14 CONTINUED: (2) 14
speaker_heading: DE TREVILLE
dialog: Musketeers!
text: And with that, the Musketeers freeze. Their eyes go to
text: de Treville. There is a moment of silence as de Treville
text: chooses his words carefully. Even in defeat, de Treville
text: is stoic.
speaker_heading: DE TREVILLE
dialog: Go to your homes. Wait. Our
dialog: day will come again.
text: De Treville shoots a defiant look at Rochefort who smiles
text: in a patronizing manner. Then, de Treville leads his
text: Musketeers out of the courtyard.
scene_heading: 15 ROCHEFORT 15
text: He returns to the adjoining room where Jussac stands by.
text: Rochefort has enjoyed himself immensely. He goes to a
text: mirror and preens, adjusting his eye patch to a more rak-
text: ish angle. That's when he catches a glimpse of something
text: behind him. Something red. Rochefort turns.
text: a tall, powerfully built MAN stands in the shadows of the
text: room, a spectre in red.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Your Eminence.
text: Rochefort and Jussac instantly fall to their knees.
text: ARMAND DU PLEISS THE CARDINAL RICHELIEU steps out of the
text: darkness and into the light, his long crimson robes
text: swirling about him like clouds of blood. His face is
text: long, shrewd and intelligent. His eyes are penetrat-
text: ing. He smiles his crocodile smile.
text: Richelieu observes a duty roster on one of the walls.
text: It contains the names of all the Musketeers, past and
dialog: present.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Have they all been accounted for?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: (hedging)
dialog: All but... three.
text: On Richelieu's face, a flicker of irritation.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Three?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: (speaking up)
dialog: I sent a patrol to find them but
text: it hasn't returned yet.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I want those Musketeers, not
dialog: excuses. Bring them in at once.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 16 EXT. BOULEVARD OF CRIME - DAY 16
text: Jussac leads a regiment of the Cardinal's Gruards down
dialog: Paris' most colorful and notorious street. They react
text: to SHOUTING and VIOLENT NOISES coming from a tavern
text: ahead. The one called... The Dead Rat.
text: The tavern door flies open, and two of the Cardinal's
text: Guards are flung into the street, bruised and bloody.
text: Just then: A window on the second floor bursts open,
text: and a big Musketeer dangles a struggling Guard by his
text: feet, threatening to drop him into the street. The
dialog: Musketeer, a man of enormous appetites -- wine, women,
text: song -- is called PORTHOS. Jussac shouts:
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: Release that man!!
text: Happy to comply, Porthos lets go of the Guard who plunges
text: to the street with a dull thud. Then, with a wink and a
text: piratical grin, Porthos ducks inside. Jussac darkens,
text: signals his men, and they rush toward the tavern.
scene_heading: 17 INT. TAVERN 17
text: Jussac and his company burst in and discover the room in
text: a shambles, the aftermath of a violent fight. But for
text: now, all is calm.
text: A group of the Cardinal's Guards is seated around a big
text: table littered with flagons and bottles. On the floor
text: around them are their swords and rifles. It appears the
text: Gruards are celebrating a victory. But wait. There's
dialog: something wrong with this picture. On closer inspection,
text: we see that the Guards have been stripped to their under-
text: clothes and tied to their chairs with ropes. They are
text: all bruised and bloody. Some are unconscious.
text: Presiding over the "celebration" are two Musketeers.
text: They sit at the head of the table, relaxing with their
text: boots up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: 17
text: One of them casually cleans his sword with a lace hand-
text: kerchief. He is ARAMIS, the most handsome and dashing of
text: the Musketeers -- a poet and idealist -- a gentleman of
dialog: great personal charm and style.
text: His companion is ATHOS, the Musketeers' deadliest and
text: most charismatic member -- also its most mysterious and
text: tortured. Athos is the unofficial leader of the Three
text: Musketeers, their planner and strategist. At the moment,
text: he's sewing up a nasty gash on his right arm.
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: What is this?
text: Athos greets him with a dark smile.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: A private party. Go away.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Athos -- is that any way to greet
dialog: our guests?
text: Aramis leaps to his feet and bows graciously. He is the
dialog: epitome of politeness.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Don't be shy, gentlemen. Come
dialog: in. Your friends have been
dialog: expecting you.
text: Jussac is not amused.
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: Your presence is requested at
dialog: Musketeer Headquarters by Captain
dialog: Rochefort.
text: Athos and Aramis exchange looks.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: The Cyclops is a Captain? He
dialog: must've made a pact with the
dialog: Devil.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Or the Cardinal.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: What's the difference?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: (2) 17
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (with an edge
dialog: of contempt)
dialog: The Devil is more ethical than
dialog: the Cardinal.
text: Jussac takes a step forward, fingering his saber.
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: You're instructed to come with
dialog: me and surrender your tunics.
text: With a sweeping gesture, Athos indicates the bloody
text: Guards around him.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: These gentlemen made a similar
dialog: request.
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: Are you refusing to come
dialog: peaceably?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Probably. But I'll leave it up
dialog: to my companions. Aramis?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: We can't refuse Rochefort's
dialog: invitation. It would be
dialog: impolite.
text: Athos tips back in his chair and gazes upward.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: And what do you say, Porthos?
text: To the Guards' surprise, Porthos is balancing on the
text: balcony rail above, just about even with a large wagon
text: wheel chandelier.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I'll be right down!
text: With the grace of an aerialist, Porthos jumps from the
text: balcony and lands atop the chandelier. His weight causes
text: the chains suspending it to break. With a whoop of
text: pleasure, Porthos rides the chandelier down as it lands
text: squarely atop Jussac's Guards, squashing them.
text: When the dust clears, only Jussac has been spared. He
text: looks on in disbelief as Porthos extricates himself from
text: the wreckage and calmly brushes his clothes off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: 17 CONTINUED: (3) 17
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (to Athos and
dialog: Aramis; cheerful)
dialog: Ready when you are.
text: Athos and Aramis sheathe their swords, put on their hats,
text: wrap their capes around them and cross the room to join
dialog: Porthos.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Congratulations, Porthos. You
text: brought down the house.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: My aim was off. I was trying to
dialog: hit Jussac.
text: Athos fixes Jussac with a dark, threatening look.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Now. About those tunics...
text: Jussac turns to watch Athos, Porthos, and Aramis step to
text: the street. He mutters as if to curse:
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: Musketeers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 18 EXT. HIGH ROAD TO PARIS - DAY 18
text: D'Artagnan, on horseback, pauses on a bluff overlook-
text: ing the magnificent city on the Seine. What he beholds
dialog: is Paris as it looked in the early part of the Seven-
text: teenth Century, its steeples and towers rising to meet the
dialog: sky. For a country boy like d'Artagnan, Paris is a
text: magical place where the wildest of dreams can come true.
text: D'Artagnan's reverie is broken by the sound of THUNDERING
text: HOOFBEATS coming from behind. He turns in response and
dialog: what he sees is this:
text: Two women on horseback are riding for all they're worth
text: pursued by two men on horseback.
speaker_heading: 19 D'ARTAGNAN 19
text: His heroic blood stirs. Women in danger! As the women
text: GALLOP past, d'Artagnan leaps from his horse. Quickly
text: formulating a plan, he clambers up the trunk of a nearby
text: tree and climbs out on a branch that overhangs the road.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 20 ANGLE 20
text: As the two riders pass underneath, d'Artagnan leaps into
text: space and tackles one of them, knocking him out of the
text: saddle. The rider hits the ground and is knocked sense-
dialog: less. One down.
text: D'Artagnan scrambles to his feet as the second rider re-
text: verses direction and GALLOPS back, charging d'Artagnan.
text: The rider draws his saber.
text: D'Artagnan dodges the horse and the sword. He catches
text: the second rider's arm and yanks him right out of the
text: saddle. The man lands with a painful thud at
text: d'Artagnan's feet. Before he can recover, d'Artagnan is
text: upon him with flying fists. One swift punch -- and the
text: second rider is senseless. Two down.
text: D'Artagnan stands over his two victims, out of breath,
text: but greatly pleased with his performance. He looks up as
text: the two women ride back to see what's happened.
text: The first woman is of noble breeding, a beautiful dark-
text: haired girl in her late teens. Her name is ANNE. Her
text: companion is roughly the same age, titan-haired and
text: equally beautiful. Her name is CONSTANCE.
text: Anne regards the two men on the ground, then d'Artagnan.
text: She shakes her head, laughs with delight and rides off.
text: Constance remains. She smiles down at d'Artagnan from
text: atop her horse.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Do you have any idea what you've
dialog: done?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I've saved you and your friend
dialog: from these bandits.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: These 'bandits' are the Queen's
dialog: own bodyguards.
text: D'Artagnan is stunned.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: The Queen?
text: Constance points a finger in Anne's direction.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: If I were you, I'd make myself
dialog: scarce. These men are going to be
text: very angry when they wake up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
text: D'Artagnan looks at the two bodyguards who are beginning
text: to recover. Then he looks up at Constance, feeling like
dialog: a prize idiot.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I didn't know. I thought...
text: Constance smiles at him, her eyes twinkling.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Do you have a name?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: D'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: You're a very foolish boy,
dialog: d'Artagnan... but a very handsome
dialog: one. Good-bye.
text: Constance spurs her horse and rides off to catch up with
dialog: Anne.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: Wait! You didn't tell me your
dialog: name!
text: But Constance is gone.
text: D'Artagnan stands in the middle of the road, feeling
text: foolish and oddly thrilled at the same time. The two
text: bodyguards groan and grumble.
text: A bright reflection catches d'Artagnan's eye. He looks
text: down and sees a gleaming bracelet. He picks it up and...
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: The man who attacked you...
dialog: (pointing in the
dialog: opposite direction)
dialog: ... went that way.
text: With a guilty smile, d'Artagnan spurs his horse and rides
dialog: like Hell.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 21 EXT. COUNTRY ROAD 21
text: D'Artagnan rides to the top of the ridge, stops suddenly,
text: sees something that takes his breath away.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 22 D'ARTAGNAN'S POV 22
text: Paris laid out for him like a jewel, cloaked in mystery,
text: promising adventure and romance. D'Artagnan watches the
text: women as they ride into the fabled city in the distance.
text: He follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 23 INT. MUSKETEER HEADQUARTERS - DAY 23
text: Athos, Aramis, and Porthos sweep into the now deserted
dialog: courtyard. Silence -- the last thing they expected --
text: stops them in their tracks. The place is a cemetery,
text: haunted by the ghosts of generations of Musketeers.
text: Porthos is visibly distraught. Rochefort enters from
text: behind an archway.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: I'll take those tunics,
dialog: Musketeers.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (to Aramis)
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: He said he'll take those tunics.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Tunics? Coming right up.
text: Porthos reaches inside his cloak and takes out a crumpled
text: red tunic he took from one of the Cardinal's guards. He
text: drops it on the ground, digs into a pocket and takes out
text: another. He finds another in his boot and another up his
text: sleeve. There's one in his hat. Like a magician, he
text: keeps pulling red tunics out of the most bizarre places.
text: Athos and Aramis have a few guard tunics themselves.
text: They pull them out and drop them into the growing pile.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I was trying to remember the last
dialog: time I saw you here. I know. It
dialog: was the day you were kicked out of
dialog: the Musketeers.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Conduct Unbecoming a Musketeer.
dialog: Wasn't that the charge?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: You ought to know. Three witnesses
dialog: stood against me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: It was the least we could do.
text: The bitter memory hangs in the air for a moment.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: You are hereby ordered to
dialog: surrender your commissions and
dialog: make yourselves available for
text: reassignment in the King's Army.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: And if we refuse?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: You will become outlaws. Hunted
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: It doesn't matter where I go or
dialog: what I do. Sooner or later
dialog: somebody's calling me 'outlaw.'
text: Athos cuts him off with a look. He's familiar with
dialog: Porthos' propensity for tall tales. But not here, not
text: now. Athos turns back to the balcony. Rochefort lobs a
text: taunt.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Are you refusing to serve your
dialog: King?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: We are refusing to serve the
dialog: Cardinal.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Same thing, these days.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: France has one King too many.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: I'll tell him you said that.
text: Athos, who has remained silent, speaks with quiet power:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Do that, Rochefort. Tell his
dialog: Emminence the Cardinal that we
dialog: will continue to perform our sworn
dialog: duty to protect the King. From
text: enemies across the sea.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (2) 23
speaker_heading: ATHOS (CONT'D)
text: From traitors who sit at his right
dialog: hand. And tell him that he can
dialog: take away our tunics, our muskets,
dialog: even our swords. But he cannot
dialog: stop us from being what we are.
dialog: Musketeers.
text: The gauntlet has been thrown. Rochefort picks it up with
dialog: glee.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: I'll make sure His Emminence the
dialog: Cardinal gets the message. But I
dialog: can't promise he'll be pleased.
text: Rochefort steps back, disappears into the shadows. A
text: beat. The Musketeers regard each other.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Well, if we're going to be
dialog: outlaws, I suppose we'll have to
dialog: get our affairs in order.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Are you going to visit them
dialog: alphabetically or in order of
dialog: preference?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
text: Alphabetically seems... fair.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: When it comes to you and women,
dialog: fairness rarely applies.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: We'll meet at the Columbier-Rouge
text: at sundown.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: To celebrate. And to plan our new
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Outlaws.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Citizens of France.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
text: The three Musketeers.
dialog: And that is all that remains.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (3) 23
text: Athos, Porthos, and Aramis step in different directions.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 24 EXT. STREETS OF PARIS - DAY 24
text: D'Artagnan rides through the streets of Paris. A country
text: boy happily stunned by the sights, sounds, and smells of
text: the city. Merchants gossip and call to each other from
text: shop doors. Colorful vendors and pedestrians move along
text: the crowded boulevard. Acrobats, puppeteers, and jug-
text: glers perform on street corners. LAUGHTER and MUSIC
text: drift from taverns and public houses.
text: D'Artagnan views it all with great enthusiasm. He sees
text: the exterior of the Musketeer Headquarters... wow! The
dialog: future belongs to him.
speaker_heading: 25 ATHOS 25
text: He crosses the courtyard to a large wooden door. But as
text: he reaches for the handle, the door flies open and smacks
text: him in his injured arm.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (as he enters)
dialog: Look out!
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (wincing in pain)
dialog: Aaarrgghh...
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (in a panic; looking
dialog: around)
dialog: Where are they? Where are the
dialog: Musketeers? I'm in the right
dialog: place, aren't I?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (through gritted
dialog: teeth)
dialog: Not as far as I'm concerned.
text: Athos is wearing his cape in such a way that it hides
text: his Musketeer tunic. D'Artagnan has no idea who he's
dialog: dealing with.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: But this is Musketeer
dialog: Headquarters...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 25 CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: No. This was Musketeer
dialog: Headquarters.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: You mean it's been moved?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I mean the Musketeers have been
dialog: disbanded. Feel free to poke
text: around for souvenirs.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: What do you mean 'disbanded'?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Some nonsense about being needed in
dialog: the army. Now if you'll excuse
dialog: me...
text: D'Artagnan blocks Athos' path.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: But I just got here. How can I
dialog: become a Musketeer if they've been
dialog: disbanded?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I'd say you've got a problem.
text: D'Artagnan grabs Athos by his injured arm. Athos, stif-
text: ling pain, fixes d'Artagnan with a deadly look.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: You could use a lesson in manners.
text: D'Artagnan touches his sword, eyes flashing at the pos-
dialog: sibility of a duel.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Any time.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I'm in a hurry now -- but I'll
dialog: meet you at the Carmes-Deshaux
text: monastery at noon.
text: Athos exits.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: I'll be there ten minutes early.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: 25 CONTINUED: (2) 25
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: An hour in Paris, and I already
dialog: have my first duel!
text: Just then, d'Artangnan spies two familiar figures on
text: horseback, distinctive cloaks hiding their faces. Anne
text: and Constance, though he does not yet know their names.
text: D'Artagnan hurries after.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 26 EXT. STREETS OF PARIS - DAY 26
text: START CLOSE ON Porthos, his rogue's grin, the twinkle in
text: his eye.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: But, Catherine, don't you see? As
dialog: an outlaw I'll be constantly on
text: the run from the Cardinal's guards,
dialog: a refugee. Think of all the places
dialog: you can hide me. I'm thinking of
dialog: them now.
scene_heading: 27 ANOTHER ANGLE 27
text: reveals Porthos leaning against an open window, speaking
text: amiably to a pretty woman on the other side. She dabs a
text: tear from her eye, manages a nod.
scene_heading: 28 ANGLE ON D'ARTAGNAN 28
text: Meanwhile, d'Artagnan races around another corner, down a
text: narrow lane, and speeds after the ladies on horseback.
text: He dashes through a muddy puddle -- spraying foul water
text: all over Porthos where he stands. D'Artagnan doesn't
text: notice, a huge cart loaded with wine barrels has rolled
text: INTO VIEW, blocking the lane. Fellow travelers shout
text: complaints, the cart driver shakes his head, makes an
text: obscene gesture. It's a Seventeenth Century traffic jam.
text: D'Artagnan sees Anne and Constance dismount in the dis-
text: tance, tie their horses, and step into an alley. A man
text: waits in the shadows to escort them. D'Artagnan leaps
text: off his horse, he means to continue his pursuit on foot.
text: But he takes two quick steps, and... runs directly into
text: Porthos' outstretched hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: 28 CONTINUED: 28
text: D'Artagnan looks up -- literally, given Porthos' impres-
text: sive stature -- and sees the Musketeer's muddied tunic,
text: and worse, a unique and expensive sash, now thoroughly
text: soiled.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (not a glimmer of a
dialog: grin)
dialog: Do you know where this sash comes
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: It is a gift from the Queen of
dialog: America.
text: Porthos' righteous indignation is more impressive than
text: his knowledge of current affairs. D'Artagnan corrects.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: There is no Queen of America.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (to pretty woman)
dialog: Madame Augustine, would you excuse
dialog: me for a moment, I'm going to kill
dialog: him.
dialog: (back to d'Artagnan;
dialog: ever the gentleman)
dialog: Now, where were we?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (glancing at the
dialog: ladies; the alley)
text: I rode through a puddle, muddied
dialog: your sash, the Queen of America
dialog: except there isn't one, I'm in a
dialog: hurry, and you were about to
dialog: challenge me to a duel.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (amused)
dialog: I was?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: That seems to be the local custom.
text: Porthos lets out a weary sigh. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 28 CONTINUED: (2) 28
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Everywhere I go, it's always the
dialog: same. There's always some kid who
dialog: thinks he's hot with a sword...
dialog: some itchy punk who wants to go
dialog: up against the great Porthos...
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: The great who?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: The great Porthos.
dialog: (when d'Artagnan
dialog: isn't impressed)
dialog: Me, you idiot.
text: D'Artagnan gives him a blank look.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Don't you know who I am?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: The world's greatest talker?
text: Porthos couldn't be more insulted. He sputters with
dialog: rage.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: All right, you little puke! You
dialog: want to die? So be it! One
dialog: o'clock behind the Luxembourg!
dialog: And bring a coffin!
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Bring your own!
scene_heading: 29 EXT. STREETS OF PARIS - ALLEY - DAY 29
text: D'Artagnan thinks he sees Anne and Constance, races down
text: the alley, turns a corner, down a short street, makes a
text: hasty decision, runs down yet another alley... and tum-
text: bles into a shadowy lane. He stops, looks left and
dialog: right. And does see them.
text: The ladies enter a chapel's back door, close the door
text: behind them. D'Artagnan flies after, skids across cob-
text: blestones, rips the door open... and finds himself face
text: to face with the man who has escorted Anne and Constance
dialog: this far.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Let me pass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
speaker_heading: CARDINAL'S GUARD
dialog: I'm afraid that's not possible.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I must speak to those young women.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL'S GUARD
dialog: The young women do not wish to be
dialog: spoken to.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I have something that belongs to
dialog: the Queen.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (alert)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
text: A bracelet.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I'll deliver it for you.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: No, you've been enough help
dialog: already. Would you be so kind
dialog: as to point out the Carmes-Deshaux
dialog: Monastery?
text: The Guard points to a large building in the distance with
text: a large cross.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 30 INT. ROOM 30
text: PAN ACROSS the Virgin Mary and many lit candles to a
text: BEAUTIFUL DAMSEL sharing a love seat with the third
text: Musketeer, the dashing Aramis. Aramis has a book open
text: and is reading from it.
text: The Damsel suddenly grabs Aramis and kisses him on the
text: mouth. Aramis politely extricates himself. He's not the
text: least bit embarrassed, only slightly amused.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Madam, I'm flattered but I thought
dialog: you wanted me to tutor you in
dialog: theology.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: DAMSEL
dialog: Excuse me, Monsieur Aramis. But
dialog: when you started talking about
dialog: Original Sin, I lost control and
dialog: became impassioned. It won't
dialog: happen again.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: There's nothing unholy about
dialog: expressing one's emotions. On
dialog: the contrary. Religion should be
dialog: experienced in a passionate, all-
dialog: embracing way. We should feel
dialog: free to express our spirituality.
speaker_heading: DAMSEL
dialog: Yes, darling!
text: The Damsel attacks him again. Suddenly, a pounding on
text: the door.
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Open up!
speaker_heading: DAMSEL
dialog: (a gasp of fear)
dialog: My husband!
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Your husband!?
speaker_heading: DAMSEL
dialog: Aramis -- run!
text: But Aramis' heart is too noble. He gets down on his
dialog: knees.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: First we must pray to God for
dialog: forgiveness.
text: That's when the door bursts open and the lady's husband,
text: an irate MARQUIS enters with a pistol. His eyes blaze
text: with madness. He aims the pistol at Aramis' head.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: On second thought, God's often
dialog: busy.
text: Aramis leaps to his feet and sprints for the open window.
text: As the Marquis aims and FIRES, Aramis puts one foot on
text: the ledge and leaps into space. The shot misses him by
dialog: inches.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: 31 STREET BELOW 31
text: As d'Artagnan runs past. Aramis lands on top of him and
text: they go crashing to the cobblestones. As they untangle
dialog: themselves and get up...
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Thanks. You broke my fall
dialog: perfectly. But I do apologize
dialog: for the inconvenience...
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Get off me!
text: D'Artagnan pushes Aramis aside. Aramis grabs d'Artagnan
text: by the scruff of his neck and pulls him back.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: If there's one thing I can't
dialog: abide, it's rudeness.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: You fell on me!
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: And I apologized for it.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I suppose you'd like to teach me a
dialog: lesson in manners, too.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I'd be honored.
text: D'Artagnan brightens. Another duel!
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: How's two o'clock behind the
dialog: Luxembourg?
text: Aramis bows politely.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: If that's where you wish to die,
dialog: I won't disappoint you. Until
dialog: then...
text: Aramis takes off. d'Artagnan swells with pride.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Three duels in one day. I love
dialog: this town.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 32 EXT. LOUVRE - DAY 32
dialog: The Royal Palace of Louis XIII.
speaker_heading: ANNE (V.O.)
dialog: Have you seen the King?
speaker_heading: SENESCHAL (V.O.)
dialog: No, Your Majesty.
scene_heading: 33 INT. THRONE ROOM - DAY 33
text: Anne, or rather, Queen Anne, steps into the throne room,
text: a massive cathedral-like chamber. Twin thrones occupy
text: a raised dais. An entire wall is covered with a spectac-
dialog: ular map of the world. The map contains every known
dialog: country and continent, including the New World. The
text: SENESCHAL exits, closing the doors with a resounding boom.
text: Anne pauses, all alone in the big, drafty chamber. And
text: for the first time, she looks and acts her age. Barely
text: a woman, chilled by the ghosts of all the French kings
dialog: and queens who came before her. And a long way from
text: home. Anne steps to the great map of the world. She
text: reaches out to touch her own country, Austria, feels a
dialog: pang of separation. We hear:
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Your Majesty...
text: Anne reacts with a start. A tall, powerfully built man
text: stands in the shadows, a spectre in red.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Cardinal Richelieu, you surprised
dialog: me.
text: Cardinal Richelieu steps out of the darkness. He smiles.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: How was your ride?
text: Richelieu's question takes her by surprise. He bows
text: before Anne. Considering a reply, she extends her hand.
text: The Cardinal kisses it.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: My ride...? Well, I... I'm not
dialog: sure...
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: (rising up)
dialog: Forgive me.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU (CONT'D)
dialog: But your welfare is
dialog: more than a matter of personal
dialog: interest. It is a matter of
dialog: State. But rest assured, your
dialog: secret is safe with me.
text: His manner is both charming and paternal. Anne, smart
dialog: enough to exercise caution in all her palace dealings,
text: is nonetheless touched by his concern.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Richelieu turns to the great map, speaks gently.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: You're homesick.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Lonely. Is that the same thing?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Sometimes.
text: Richelieu brings his eyes back to Anne, continues:
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
text: Austria's loss is France's gain.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I'm not sure my new husband shares
dialog: your opinion.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
text: Nonsense. He's young, not blind.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Mostly, he is absent. I've barely
dialog: seen His Majesty since our wedding,
dialog: and that was three months ago.
dialog: Whenever he's around me, he has
dialog: nothing to say.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Arranged marriages can be
dialog: difficult. Your father and I
dialog: thought yours would bring Austria
text: and France closer together.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: 33 CONTINUED: (2) 33
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Countries align more swiftly than
dialog: people, I'm afraid. Louis and I
dialog: remain... far apart.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: May I advise you?
text: He says it with seeming humility, not condescension. Anne
text: nods assent.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Louis was only nine years old
dialog: when his father was assassinated.
dialog: He lost his childhood forever that
dialog: day. I have watched him grow
text: toward manhood, seen the toll his
text: life demands. A boy who is not
dialog: allowed to be a boy sometimes has
dialog: difficulty becoming a man. He is
text: shy, yet boastful. Giving, yet
dialog: stubborn. But most of all, he is
text: not yet sure exactly who he is.
text: The boy who lost his father. Or
dialog: the King of France.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: But how can I...?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Flatter him. Make the boy feel
dialog: like a King. So that the King
dialog: may be your husband.
text: Anne considers his eloquent advice, formulates a reply...
text: when the huge doors to the throne room open with a dull
text: boom, the Seneschal chants:
speaker_heading: SENESCHAL
dialog: His Majesty, the King.
text: The Seneschal steps aside as LOUIS XIII enters. He is
text: surprisingly young, no older than d'Artagnan. His face
dialog: is handsome and intelligent.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Your Majesty.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Cardinal Richelieu, I've been
dialog: looking for you.
text: As Louis strides toward them, Richelieu and Anne bow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: 33 CONTINUED: (3) 33
text: When Louis sees Anne, he reacts with an almost imper-
text: ceptible start. Her presence catches him off guard.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Oh. Anne. Hello. I didn't know
dialog: you were here.
text: Louis hides his nervousness, not to mention his love,
text: behind a formal veneer. Anne, emboldened by Richelieu's
dialog: confidences, replies:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Would you like me to go?
text: Louis suddenly remembers the reason he's here. Determin-
text: ation breeds a more capable attitude.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: No. Please, stay.
dialog: (to Richelieu, aware
text: that she is watching
dialog: him)
dialog: Your Eminence, I demand an answer.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: (hiding his amusement)
dialog: Perhaps if I knew the question...
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I've just been told that you went
dialog: ahead and disbanded my Musketeers.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: You approved the decision.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But not the timing of the matter.
dialog: I intended to address them myself,
dialog: explain the situation...
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Your Majesty, France is on the
dialog: brink of war. We dare not
dialog: hesitate.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But these men are my personal
dialog: guards...
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: They are the bravest fighters in
dialog: France.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: 33 CONTINUED: (4) 33
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll need them in the
dialog: field if we're to win this war
dialog: with England. Buckingham plans
dialog: to invade La Rochelle within the
dialog: month. I thought it best to act
dialog: quickly --
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I will be the judge of what is
dialog: best. For me, and for France.
text: He says it with newfound resolve. Richelieu receives the
text: rebuke with quiet grace. Anne watches the latter closely,
text: suppresses a smile. The boy is nearer to King than
dialog: Richelieu imagined.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Of course. Forgive me.
text: A tense beat. Anne, feeling out of place, steps toward
text: the door.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Anne? Are you all right?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You two should continue this
text: discussion in private.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (hesitates, seeks a
dialog: reason for her to
dialog: stay)
dialog: Your thoughts on the matter
dialog: interest me. They might... help.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: It seems to me that... you're
dialog: doing very well on your own.
text: She means it. Anne smiles, exits. A beat. Louis sighs.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: She's beautiful.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
text: Extremely.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Intelligent.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Very.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: 33 CONTINUED: (5) 33
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Sometimes she scares me half to
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: May I advise you?
text: Repetition reveals calculation. Louis nods. And the
text: Cardinal surprises with quiet humor:
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: She scares me too. As do all
dialog: women who join beauty to
dialog: intelligence. What's a man to
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (enjoying the Cardinal's
dialog: humor)
dialog: I have no idea.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
text: The course of love is full of
dialog: frightful turns. But, no matter
dialog: how you feel, no matter how
dialog: hopelessly afraid... never let
dialog: her know that you are anything
dialog: other than the bravest and most
text: confident man in France. Make
dialog: that your starting point, and
dialog: everything else will fall... into
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The bravest man in France...
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Good advice for a shopkeeper.
dialog: Let alone a King.
text: A beat. Richelieu acting as the lost father. And Louis
dialog: appreciating it, speaking as a son:
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Your Eminence, I'm sorry that I
dialog: was sharp with you. It's just
dialog: that the Musketeers... well, they're
dialog: not just my guards. They're my
dialog: friends too.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I know. But don't worry.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 33 CONTINUED: (6) 33
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU (CONT'D)
dialog: From now on, I'll take complete
dialog: responsibility for your welfare.
dialog: Indeed he will.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 34 INT./EXT. THRONE ROOM/HALLWAY - DAY 34
text: Richelieu bursts out of the Throne Room and is joined by
text: Rochefort. Walking quickly down a long hallway.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: He's a foolish boy. And barely
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: That foolish boy is about to
dialog: become a man.
dialog: (off Rochefort's
dialog: look)
dialog: Which is all the more reason for
dialog: us to act... quickly.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: (reacts, knows what
dialog: this portends)
dialog: And the Queen...?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: (he smiles, lewd)
dialog: She will receive me in ways she
dialog: never thought possible. Privately.
text: HOLD ON the Cardinal and Rochefort, watching the King and
dialog: Queen below.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35 EXT. STREETS OF PARIS - DAY 35
text: D'Artagnan walks proudly toward the Carmes-Deschaux
text: monastery, bold and brave, his future at hand. Suddenly.
speaker_heading: COACH DRIVER (O.S.)
dialog: Get out of the way, idiot!!
text: A speeding carriage bears down on him. D'Artagnan leaps
text: from its path, stumbles. He looks up in time to see the
text: passenger inside, and for a moment, time seems to stop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
text: She is a noblewoman of remarkable beauty, her face framed
text: by the carriage window. Long blonde curly hair that
text: cascades in ringlets to her shoulders, languid blue eyes,
text: and skin as white as alabaster. She is known as MILADY
text: DE WINTER. She is to sex, what Constance is to innocence.
text: D'Artagnan watches as if in a dream. The carriage, the
text: beautiful woman inside it. Paris wraps its arms around
text: the young man's heart. Suddenly: a second face enters the
text: carriage window, replacing hers, jarring by contrast. It
text: is the fierce visage of Milady's Indo-Chinese Bodyguard,
text: PARKER. The bodyguard glares, pulls at the carriage
text: window curtains, taking Milady, the dream, from view.
text: HOLD ON d'Artagnan, bewitched, as the CARRIAGE RUMBLES off
text: into the city.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 36 EXT. STREETS OF PARIS - SEINE - POV SHOT - DAY 36
text: A beautiful house situated near the Seine. Milady's
text: carriage stops before it. She steps to the street,
text: Parker follows. After a brief spoken exchange, the body-
text: guard departs on some errand. HENRI, the driver, a brutal-
text: looking fellow, incongruous in his elegant coachman's
text: uniform, snaps the reins, and guides the carriage away.
text: Milady steps inside.
scene_heading: 37 ANOTHER ANGLE - POV 37
text: REVEALS this to have been the POV of two men standing in
text: the shadows across the street. COUNT DE WINTER, forty-
text: five, a kind face etched with sadness, and ARMAND DE
text: WINTER, twenty-five, his son. They are well-dressed. But
text: their manner and appearance suggests that they have
text: traveled a long distance to find her.
scene_heading: COUNT DE WINTER
dialog: Wait here.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: But, Father...
scene_heading: COUNT DE WINTER
dialog: Wait.
text: He will not consider otherwise. Armand sighs, stands in
text: the shadows, and watches his father cross toward Milady's
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: 38 INT. MILADY'S HOUSE - DAY 38
text: Milady stands before a mirror, reaches for one of the many
text: ivory combs that adorn her hair. As she places the comb
text: we notice a small flower-like tattoo on her arm. She
text: pauses to admire her beauty, then to see the image of
text: Count de Winter, now standing behind her, his eyes dark
text: and cold. Milady does not move from the reflecting glass,
text: she smiles.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Count de Winter.
scene_heading: COUNT DE WINTER
dialog: (as much happiness as
dialog: the thought allows)
dialog: We found you.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (eyes on the mirror)
dialog: Yes. Now that you have, what
dialog: will you do?
scene_heading: COUNT DE WINTER
dialog: Bring you back. To pay for what
dialog: you did to my son.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: And if I resist...?
scene_heading: COUNT DE WINTER
dialog: (voice breaking with
dialog: emotion)
dialog: I will kill you with my bare
dialog: hands.
text: The Count steps closer, close enough to touch. Milady,
text: eyes bright with excitement, the smile still playing about
text: her lips, replies:
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Well if that's the case, I'd
dialog: better start packing. But first,
dialog: my hair...
text: Milady, who has been removing combs throughout, reaches
dialog: for the next, and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 39 EXT. MILADY'S HOUSE - DAY 39
text: Armand keeps his eyes on Milady's house opposite. No
text: sign of his father. He looks about, impatient... and
text: steps across the street to enter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 40 INT. MILADY'S HOUSE - DAY 40
text: Armand climbs a flight of stairs. Still no sign of his
text: father, or Milady. He calls out:
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Father?
text: Worry makes him hurry. Armand takes hasty steps into
text: Milady's bedroom. The first thing he sees is his own
text: face in the mirror. The second is his father's inert
text: body below it. Armand gasps, races to his side. A thin
text: trail of bright blood is seen briefly at the older man's
text: ear. Armand gathers his father up into his arms, and
text: begins to weep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 41 EXT. CARMES-DESCHAUX MONASTERY - DAY 41
text: The monastery is a windowless building bordered by a
text: barren field, a dueling ground for men who have little
text: time to waste. Athos sits on a stone bench, waits for
text: his adversary to arrive. His horse is hobbled nearby.
text: D'Artagnan rides INTO VIEW, dismounts.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
text: Ten minutes early.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I have another appointment at one.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: You'll miss it, I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'll try my best to be on time.
text: Athos appreciates the young man's retort, takes a closer
text: look. Then he rises to his feet, the pain in his arm
text: makes him wince.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I asked two of my friends to act
dialog: as seconds, but they are not as
text: punctual.
text: D'Artagnan notices Athos' pained expression, the blood on
text: his sleeve.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: But you're wounded.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Don't worry. I fight just as well
dialog: with my left hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: 41 CONTINUED: 41
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: If you'd rather kill me another
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Thanks, but I see my seconds
text: coming now.
text: Porthos and Aramis arrive on horseback. They dismount,
text: view d'Artagnan with amazement. D'Artagnan reacts with
text: similar surprise, smiles sheepishly.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (to Athos)
dialog: What're you doing? You can't
dialog: fight this man.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Because I'm fighting him.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Excuse me, monsieur. But not
text: until one o'clock.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Wait a minute. I've got a duel
text: with him, too.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Yes, sir. But not until two.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (to d'Artagnan)
dialog: How long have you been in Paris?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I arrived this morning.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: You've been... busy.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I've also fallen in love.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (gruff to a fault)
dialog: Better to die for love than to
dialog: live for it. Gentlemen?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: 41 CONTINUED: (2) 41
text: Athos gestures for Aramis and Porthos to stand aside. He
text: draws his saber, ready to fight. A beat. And in that
text: moment, d'Artagnan's face reveals an emotion he has never
text: felt before in his young life. Fear. Athos sees it,
text: allows him a moment to withdraw his saber. D'Artagnan
text: does so, they square off, touch sabers, and...
text: ... Jussac leads a patrol of the Cardinal's Guards INTO
speaker_heading: VIEW.
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: There they are!!
text: Athos and d'Artagnan separate as Jussac and his four
text: swordsmen stride towards them.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Jussac. Again.
text: Athos steps forward to meet him.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I told you the next time we met
dialog: I'd want an answer. But I didn't
dialog: expect you so soon.
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: The three of you are under arrest.
dialog: The boy's of no interest to me
dialog: and is free to go. Do you intend
dialog: to resist?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Oh, don't be stupid. Of course we
dialog: intend to resist. Just give us
dialog: a second.
text: Porthos huddles with Athos and Aramis.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Interesting odds. Five of them
dialog: and three of us.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: It hardly seems fair. Let's give
dialog: them the chance to surrender.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Excuse me, but there are four of
dialog: us.
text: They turn and regard d'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: 41 CONTINUED: (3) 41
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: This is not your fight. You're
dialog: not a Musketeer.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I may not wear the uniform, but I
dialog: believe I have the heart of a
dialog: Musketeer.
text: The three Musketters exchange smiles. D'Artagnan's
text: youthful bravado manages a small dent in their cynicism.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Bold and brave.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
text: A poet.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Have you got a name, boy?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: D'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (startled)
dialog: D'Artagnan?
text: The name has meaning for all of them. The Musketeers
text: look at each other, deadpan, shake their heads.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Impossible.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: It couldn't be.
text: Athos knows that it is. He steps forward, extends a
text: hand. The others follow, shake as well. Athos intro-
text: duces each in turn.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Athos... Porthos... Aramis.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Pleased to meet you... How do you
dialog: do?... Good to see you again...
text: Meanwhile, Jussac and his Guards look on with increasing
text: impatience. He clears his throat, draws his saber. The
text: Musketeers turn toward the Guards, d'Artagnan standing
dialog: among them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: 41 CONTINUED: (4) 41
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Well. Now that we're all
dialog: acquainted...
speaker_heading: ATHOS
text: The Cardinal's Guards.
text: D'Artagnan and the Musketeers draw their swords... and
dialog: charge.
speaker_heading: 42 FIGHT 42
text: Suddenly: nine men are locked in mortal combat. Athos
text: takes a Guard named Cahusac, Porthos battles BISCARAT,
text: and Aramis battles with two adversaries at once.
text: D'Artagnan looks for an opponent... and finds himself
text: face to face with Jussac.
text: The fighting style of the Musketeers is an exuberant mix-
text: ture of styles and techniques. Athos is a brutal swords-
text: man, his strokes overpowering and savage. His repertoire
text: also includes swift kicks, solid punches, the occasional
text: elbow when necessary. Aramis is a seamless and graceful
text: technician, he handles his two opponents with balletic
text: ease, an artist working with steel and flesh, rather than
text: paint and canvas.
dialog: And last, and perhaps the most entertaining of all,
text: Porthos. He is a walking arsenal, carrying a variety of
text: bizarre weapons on his body -- a crossbow, daggers, bolo,
text: nunchucks -- all of which he uses with the polished skill
dialog: of a master. Add this funhouse of armaments to his
dialog: already impressive size and strength, and you have a one-
text: man wrecking crew of epic proportions.
text: D'Artagnan's youthful energy is by now familiar. He
text: bounds about like a newborn tiger, encircles his adver-
text: sary, changing stance and shifting his ground with alac-
text: rity. Jussac is having a hard time defending himself
text: against his opponent who seems to be attacking from all
text: directions at once.
speaker_heading: JUSSAC
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: Stand still! How do you expect
dialog: me to kill you if you keep jumping
dialog: around!!
speaker_heading: 43 MONASTERY 43
text: A monk watches from the bell tower, incensed by the battle
text: raging on the field below. He grabs the BELL rope, gives
text: it a mighty pull... and sounds a clamorous ALARM.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 44 BACK TO SCENE 44
text: Porthos reacts to the interruption with irritation. He
text: produces a pair of nunchucks. Biscarat looks at the odd
text: weapon with professional curiosity, slight confusion...
text: and Porthos whacks him on the side of the head, knocks
text: him to the ground.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (eyes on the tower)
dialog: Damn monks. Always spoiling
dialog: everybody's fun.
text: Aramis replies while shifting from one foe to the next.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: They are nearer to God...
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: They're about to get a little
text: nearer to the hilt of my sword.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Pagan.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Papist.
text: Porthos slides over to handle one of Aramis' opponents.
text: He'd rather bicker from close range. But Biscarat
text: struggles to his feet, grabs his saber. Porthos sees
text: him, sighs.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (to Aramis)
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I'm fine, thank you.
text: And Porthos returns to his original foe. Meanwhile,
text: Athos' heavy strokes take their toll. Cahusac staggers,
text: wounded in arm, shoulder, grazed at the head -- and falls
text: to the ground with a thud. Aramis calls out to him,
dialog: indicates d'Artagnan:
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Take a look at our young friend.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: You mean he's still alive?
text: Not only is d'Artagnan alive, but he's making a fool out
text: of Jussac. Frustrated, enraged, Jussac makes a full lunge
text: at him, but d'Artagnan ducks, then slips under Jussac's
text: sword like a snake and runs him through.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
text: Jussac falls to the ground, lies still. He is dead.
text: Athos and Aramis react, impressed. Then turn their full
text: attention on weakening foes. They disarm and disable
text: them with swift strokes. Meanwhile, Porthos chases
text: Biscarat into a grove of trees. The Guard has discovered
text: the better part of valor, now runs for his life. Porthos
text: -- who is at play as much as he is war -- takes a Spanish
text: bolo from his cloak, and whips the balls over his head.
text: Biscarat hears the odd WHIZZING sound, turns to face him.
text: The color drains from his face.
speaker_heading: BISCARAT
dialog: Now what...?
text: Porthos lets the bolo fly -- it catches Biscarat about
text: the neck, the balls slam into his head. The Guard drops
text: to the ground without a sound.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: God, I love my work.
scene_heading: 45 AFTERMATH 45
text: A sudden silence, save for the occasional dull groan.
text: D'Artagnan scans the battlefield, sees Aramis bending
text: over Jussac's body, speaking in solemn tones under his
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (to Athos)
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
text: Last rites. Aramis takes death
dialog: very seriously.
text: Porthos returns in high spirits, stashes the bolo in a
text: pouch under his cloak. D'Artagnan sees the other weapons
text: there, including a boomerang. Maybe next time.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (re: the bolo)
dialog: Do you know where this bolo comes
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (a bold jest, given
dialog: the circumstances)
dialog: The Queen of America?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Spain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 45 CONTINUED: 45
text: Porthos deadpans, then grins acceptance. All for one,
text: and one for all. D'Artagnan beams.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Don't encourage him. By killing
dialog: Jussac, the boy's made himself
dialog: an outlaw too.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Not if he leaves Paris. Which is
dialog: exactly what he's going to do.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I can't leave. I just got here.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Go home, find a wench, live long
dialog: and prosper.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Why can't I stay with you?
text: Aramis and Porthos look to Athos. As always, he will
dialog: decide.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Because I do not want you to.
text: It's hard to say whether he's acting out of concern for
dialog: the boy... or he simply doesn't give a damn. Whatever
text: the case, d'Artagnan is crestfallen. The Musketeers
text: mount their horses, Porthos and Aramis adopt a friendlier
dialog: tone.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I know Athos may seem cold and
dialog: unfriendly, but don't let that
dialog: fool you.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
text: He really is cold and unfriendly.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: But he's also right. This is our
dialog: fight, not yours. Go on, get out
dialog: of here.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Whatever happened to the motto of
dialog: the Musketeers? 'All for one,
dialog: and one for all.'
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Wake up, boy. The Musketeers are
dialog: just a dream.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: 45 CONTINUED: (2) 45
text: Athos spurs his horse, rides away. Aramis and Porthos
text: follow. HOLD ON d'Artagnan as he watches the Musketeers
text: grow small in the distance. Then, sadly, he steps to his
text: horse, climbs into the saddle. It has been both the best
dialog: and the worst day of his young life.
text: That's when a group of horsemen come riding around the
text: corner of the monastery -- five Cardinal's Guards led by
text: Rochefort himself. They see their wounded comrades,
text: Jussac dead, and the three Musketeers escaping in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: There they go! After them!
text: But before Rochefort and the Guards can give chase,
text: d'Artagnan rides into the middle of the field to
text: challenge them, as if to further prove himself worthy
text: of the blue and gold.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (defiant)
dialog: Long live the Musketeers.
text: And d'Artagnan draws his saber.
speaker_heading: AT DISTANCE
text: The three Muskeeters rein their horses, look back to
dialog: d'Artagnan's bold charge.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (with admiration)
dialog: Do you believe this kid.
text: D'Artagnan gallops toward the Guards to engage them. He
text: races through PISTOL SHOTS like a demon possessed.
text: Rochefort rides to the lead, draws his sword.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: (shouts to the
dialog: others)
dialog: Fall back! I'll take him myself!
text: And like two jousting knights, d'Artagnan and Rochefort
text: meet in the middle of the field. Their BLADES connect
text: with a resounding CLASH, d'Artagnan is knocked clear of
text: his saddle. He hits the ground with a painful thud.
text: Rochefort's Guards leap towards him.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: 46 ANGLE TO INCLUDE MUSKEERS 46
text: Porthos and Aramis are greatly moved by d'Artagnan's
dialog: courage.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Rochefort's got the boy.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (seemingly unmoved)
dialog: Too bad.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: You can't just leave him.
text: Athos spurs his horse, rides away. Aramis and Porthos
text: exchange sad looks and hopeful comments.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
text: He has a plan.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
text: Definitely. A plan.
text: And with that, they gallop after.
scene_heading: 47 BACK TO SCENE 47
text: Meanwhile, d'Artagnan is soon outnumbered, and quickly
text: subdued.
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: This boy fights like a wildcat.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (exhausted)
dialog: Thank you.
text: The Guard clobbers d'Artagnan with the scabbard of his
text: sword. The last thing d'Artagnan sees is the three
text: Musketeers riding into the distance. Then the WORLD
text: TILTS, GOES SUDDENLY BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 48 EXT. BASTILLE - NIGHT 48
text: The walls and towers of France's most infamous prison
text: rise to meet a starless sky. The portcullis is raised
text: by men-at-arms, admitting a spectacular crimson carriage
text: pulled by a team of snow-white stallions. The emblem of
text: the Cardinal of France is emblazoned on the carriage
text: door, and THROUGH its WINDOW we see the profile of
dialog: Richelieu.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 48 CONTINUED: 48
text: Lovingly, he fingers the upholstery of his extravagant
dialog: carriage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 49 INT. DUNGEON - NIGHT 49
text: A chamber in hell. Spiders the size of rats, rats the
text: size of small dogs. A foul stench in the air. D'Artagnan
text: is sprawled in a corner, unconscious, on a filthy matted
text: floor. The sharp tip of a sword pokes him in the chest.
text: D'Artagnan wakes with a start, springs back into action.
text: As if he was still battling Jussac at the Carmes-Deschaux.
text: He slaps the sword away, leaps to his feet, and reaches
text: for his own. But it is gone.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: My sword --
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: It's magnificent. Where did you
dialog: get it?
text: Rochefort steps INTO VIEW, the familiar eyepatch, admiring
text: d'Artagnan's sword in his hands.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: It belonged to my father.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Your father...
text: Rochefort studies d'Artagnan for a long moment, then...
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Well now it belongs to me. I
dialog: collect swords. I take them
dialog: from the men I kill.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'm not dead yet.
text: D'Artagnan starts forward. But Rochefort raises the
text: sword, points it at his throat. D'Artagnan freezes,
text: feels the sharp tip of the blade.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Soon enough.
text: Rochefort shoves d'Artagnan back to the floor with a
text: heavy boot. A beat. D'Artagnan peers at his dismal
dialog: surroundings.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: I'll give you a hint. It's not
dialog: the Louvre.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: The Bastille! I'm in the Bastille!
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Well, you're the first person who
dialog: was ever happy to be here.
dialog: Unfortunately, your visit will be
text: a short one.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: You killed one of the Cardinal's
dialog: Guards. An offense punishable
dialog: by death.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: He interrupted a duel I was
dialog: fighting.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Also punishable by death.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: It was a long day.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: You know them?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: The Musketeers.
text: D'Artagnan says nothing. He will not betray them.
text: Rochefort leans close.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Tell me where they are, and I
dialog: will be lenient.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: 49 CONTINUED: (2) 49
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I will give you your father's
dialog: sword.
text: A long beat. D'Artagnan eyes the gleaming saber, forged
text: in the Crusades. He nods, gestures for Rochefort to
text: come closer. As if to impart a secret. Rochefort tilts
text: downward, d'Artagnan rises up... and whispers.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Give me my father's sword, and
dialog: I'll cut out your heart.
text: Bold words, bad timing. Rochefort snarls, slams the hilt
text: of the sword into d'Artagnan's head. The youth slumps
text: from the wooden stool to the floor, unconscious.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Fool. Like your father.
text: Rochefort storms from the cell. He nods at a grizzled
text: jailer on his way out, indicates the chains and manacles
text: on the cell wall. The jailer scurries over to d'Artagnan,
text: inert in a shallow puddle of foul water. He lifts, drags
text: him toward the chains -- but d'Artagnan's eyes pop open,
text: the jailer reacts with surprise, and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 50 INT. BASTILLE - CORRIDOR - NIGHT 50
text: The jailer exits from d'Artagnan's cell, closes the heavy
text: door behind him. A CLOSER look reveals d'Artagnan in the
text: jailer's soiled tunic, eyes bright with adventure. He
text: looks left and right -- dank corridors, darkness, the
text: OCCASIONAL GROAN. And steps lightly into the shadows.
scene_heading: 51 ON D'ARTAGNAN 51
text: He seeks exit, finds only a labyrinth. Two jailers con-
text: verse, step towards him. D'Artagnan leaps into a cell
text: doorway, allows them to pass. Suddenly: scabrous hands
text: reach from inside the cell, grab d'Artagnan by the throat.
text: He shudders, leaps free. And continues.
text: D'Artagnan steps deeper in the labyrinth. Frustrated,
text: no way out. Just then: more FOOTSTEPS heading toward
text: him. D'Artagnan seeks refuge, watches as a cloaked
text: figure steps INTO VIEW, accompanied by a retinue of
text: sullen jailers.
text: D'Artagnan thinks fast... and joins them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: 52 INT. BASTILLE - NIGHT 52
text: D'Artagnan keeps step with the cloaked figure, the ret-
text: inue. He keeps his head down, glances at the corridor
text: ahead, looking for a way out. But the cloaked figure is
text: escorted up a long stairway, into another hall, and
text: toward a pristine wooden door. D'Artagnan watches as
text: the door opens, revealing... Cardinal Richelieu, a fear-
text: some apparition in red, the most powerful man in France.
text: D'Artagnan's jaw drops. The cloaked figure steps inside.
text: The jailers disperse. D'Artagnan takes steps as if to
text: join them... then turns back, eyes the door, the Cardinal
text: and the cloaked figure now behind it.
scene_heading: 53 ANGLE TO INCLUDE INTERIOR 53
text: The cloaked figure bows to the Cardinal. Richelieu
text: smiles, concupiscent. Rochefort stands in a corner,
text: ignored for the moment.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I have an errand that requires
dialog: your singular talents.
text: The figure rises. The hood falls back... revealing the
text: unforgettable features of Milady de Winter. She answers
text: the Cardinal's smile with a seductive expression.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I was beginning to think you'd
dialog: forgotten me.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Forget you? Impossible.
text: Richelieu and Milady share a look of intimacy, two vipers
text: from the same pit.
scene_heading: 54 OUTSIDE DOOR 54
text: D'Artagnan slips closer, reaches for the handle, finds it
text: unlocked. He opens the door a fraction, holds an ear
dialog: close...
scene_heading: 55 BACK TO SCENE 55
text: Richelieu produces a sealed document from his sleeve,
text: and hands it to Milady.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Carry this to the Duke of
dialog: Buckingham.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: You did it. An alliance with
dialog: Buckingham.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: The King left me no choice. Now
dialog: that he's come of age, the boy
dialog: believes he should rule France.
dialog: Instead of me.
text: Rochefort knows what this portends. He steps from the
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: You're going to go through with
dialog: ... everything?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
text: (silences him with
dialog: a glance)
dialog: Yes. Everything.
dialog: (to Milady)
dialog: You're to leave for Calais at
dialog: once. A ship called the
dialog: Persephone will carry you to
dialog: England. It sails Tuesday,
dialog: midnight. I want Buckingham's
text: signature next to mine before the
text: King's birthday. Friday.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Consider it done.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: And doing so, shall earn you the
dialog: gratitude of... a King.
text: Richelieu's not talking about Louis. He's talking about
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 56 INT. BASTILLE - CORRIDOR - NIGHT 56
text: D'Artagnan leaps back from the door as it opens, head
text: down, shuffles to join the retinue of jailers as they
text: RETURN TO VIEW. Milady, unrecognizable behind her cloak,
text: steps into the corridor, the retinue escorts her forward.
text: D'Artagnan falls into place, eyes down, eager for escape.
text: Just then: a hand slams down upon his shoulder.
text: D'Artagnan looks up into the face of Captain Rochefort.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: 57 EXT. BASTILLE - MILADY'S COACH 57
text: Exiting.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 58 INT. BASTILLE - NIGHT 58
text: D'Artagnan lands with a thud at Richelieu's feet.
dialog: Rochefort hisses:
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: On your knees.
text: When d'Artagnan fails to respond, Rochefort gives him a
text: mighty kick. D'Artagnan scrambles into the correct
text: posture of supplication. Rochefort continues:
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: This is the boy who killed
dialog: Jussac.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I can explain that --
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Silence!
text: Rochefort punches d'Artagnan in the head, knocking him to
text: the floor. The Cardinal frowns.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Rochefort. Violence solves
dialog: nothing. Leave him to me.
text: D'Artagnan reacts to the Cardinal's reasonable tone.
text: Rochefort makes a sullen exit. The Cardinal smiles.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Please. Sit down.
text: D'Artagnan reacts with perceptible awe, as if seeing his
text: first movie star. He sits in a finely brocaded chair,
text: looks at the Cardinal, an apparition in red. The Cardinal
text: speaks, his manner casual, friendly.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: How much did you hear?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (busted)
dialog: Not a word, Your Eminence. I
dialog: stepped from my cell for a breath
dialog: of air, and became lost in the
dialog: corridors, it's dark as you know,
text: but then I saw a light up ahead,
dialog: the light over your door, I...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
text: Richelieu smiles, dismisses d'Artagnan's tale with a
text: wave of his hand.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: You may have many talents, my
text: young friend. But guile is not
dialog: one of them. Do you have a name?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: D'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I've heard that name before. Are
dialog: you a Gascon?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Yes, Your Eminence.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Tell me. What brought you to
dialog: Paris. And don't say 'a horse.'
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I came to join the King's
dialog: Musketeers.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Bad timing.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: So I've heard.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: D'Artagnan, I like you. I could
dialog: use a capable young man like you
dialog: in my Guards.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'm honored, Your Eminence, but I
dialog: don't think I would be very
dialog: popular with the other men. Not
dialog: after today.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I suppose not. Your heart is set
dialog: on being a Musketeer.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: When I was your age, I too had
dialog: dreams of joining the Musketeers.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You, Your Eminence?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: 58 CONTINUED: (2) 58
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Why not? Becoming a Musketeer is
dialog: the fantasy of every young
dialog: Frenchman. Or should I say it
dialog: was...
dialog: (with seeming
dialog: kindness, reason)
dialog: Like the Knights of the Round
dialog: Table, the Musketeers have
dialog: outlived their usefulness. They
dialog: are a thing of the past.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And so have your three friends.
dialog: Tell me where they are, d'Artagnan,
dialog: and I will spare your life.
text: Richelieu's seeming kindness conceals a heart of ice.
text: D'Artagnan sees it now, replies quietly. No longer in
text: awe, but in opposition.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'm sorry. But I can't tell you
dialog: what I do not know.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: In that case, give my regards to
dialog: the headsman.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: What about my trial?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: You've just had it.
text: Richelieu turns for the door, means to dismiss him.
text: D'Artagnan calls after.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Wait --
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Why? Do you object to losing
dialog: your head?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Yes. I like it where it is.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Then tell me what I want to know,
dialog: and perhaps you will keep it there
dialog: a few years longer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where are the three Musketeers?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: 58 CONTINUED: (3) 58
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: And if you did?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I wouldn't tell you.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I admire your courage, young man.
dialog: You might have made a fine
dialog: Musketeer after all.
text: Richelieu opens the door. Rochefort waits on the other
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: But we'll never know, will we?
text: Rochefort steps into the room, grabs d'Artagnan roughly
text: by the arm, hurls him from the chair to the floor. This
text: time Richelieu does not utter protest. Instead, he
text: turns to the Captain, commands:
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
text: Find the three Musketeers and kill
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: They'll be dead by dawn.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: A comforting thought. Good night,
dialog: d'Artagnan. Enjoy it. Morning
text: comes quickly.
text: With that, Cardinal Richelieu sweeps into the dark. HOLD
text: ON d'Artagnan for a beat. History's pawn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 59 EXT. BASTILLE - MARKET SQUARE - DAY 59
text: BELLS TOLL. A motley crowd gathers around the execution
text: scaffold, held back by men-at-arms. A hooded executioner
text: mounts the steps of the scaffold in the company of a
text: PRIEST. The Priest wears a black cassock and a broad
text: black sombrero. The executioner, a large man, raises
text: his axe and touches the end of the blade, cutting his
text: finger. Razor-sharp. The executioner holds up his
dialog: bloody thumb.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: 59 CONTINUED: 59
text: The crowd roars approval. And turns to regard the day's
text: victim as he is rolled INTO VIEW.
text: D'Artagnan stands, half-naked, his hands bound behind him,
text: in a horse-drawn cart. The driver turns the cart, begins
text: a circuit of the square. The blood-thirsty crowd cheers
text: and jeers at d'Artagnan. But d'Artagnan keeps his head
text: high. If he must die, he will die with dignity.
scene_heading: 60 TOWER OF BASTILLE 60
text: Rochefort watches from a tower overlooking the square.
text: Richelieu appears beside him.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
text: Milady left at midnight. By
dialog: private coach.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: A remarkable woman. The most
dialog: beautiful I've ever known. And
dialog: the deadliest. Which would
dialog: explain my attraction.
dialog: (peering down at
dialog: the scene)
dialog: How is our young daredevil holding
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
text: He's wishing he'd never heard of
dialog: the Musketeers.
text: Down below, the horse cart reaches the scaffold. A man-
text: at-arms drops the tailgate, d'Artagnan steps down. He is
text: taken into the custody of a CAPTAIN OF THE GUARDS, and
text: several men-at-arms carrying muskets.
scene_heading: 61 ANOTHER ANGLE 61
text: The Cardinal's familiar carriage is parked a safe distance
text: from the square. The Guards who attend it have wandered
text: off to watch the festivities. The coachman remains,
text: seated on top, braiding his whip. Suddenly, a gloved hand
text: grabs the coachman, yanks him from his seat.
speaker_heading: 62 SCAFFOLD 62
text: D'Artagnan is led by the Captain of the Guards up the
text: stairs to the execution platform. The executioner and
text: the Priest wait patiently above. D'Artagnan sees the
text: bloodstained block where his neck will soon lie; pales.
text: The Priest mutters comfort:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: 62 CONTINUED: 62
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Fear not, my son...
text: D'Artagnan regards the Priest whose face is hidden be-
text: neath the brim of his broad black hat. He holds a
text: large Bible in his hands.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: For we are with you, always.
text: The Priest raises his face, reveals it... and winks. It
text: is Aramis. He whispers:
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: All for one, and one for all...
text: D'Artagnan's heart soars. He turns to face the execu-
text: tioner. Porthos grins beneath the hood's overhang.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE GUARDS
dialog: Prepare the prisoner.
text: Porthos lays his axe aside, approaches d'Artagnan in a
text: threatening manner. He takes him by the scruff of the
text: neck, and forces his head upon the chopping block. The
text: crowd goes wild.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (whispers into his
dialog: ear)
dialog: Don't worry, boy. You won't
dialog: feel a thing.
text: The Captain of the Guards gives Aramis a suspicious look.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE GUARDS
dialog: Where is Father Rostand today?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: The good father is... all tied up.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN OF THE GUARDS
dialog: Very well. Proceed.
text: Porthos nods.
scene_heading: 63 ANOTHER ANGLE 63
text: Meanwhile, on the perimeter of the square, two figures
text: ride on horseback, they wear familiar cloaks. A CLOSER
text: look reveals Queen Anne and Constance. They ride through
text: the city, towards the countryside beyond. But their
text: progress has led them here. Anne frowns at the spectacle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: 63 CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Barbarism.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Men call it justice.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Are you surprised?
text: She replies with contempt, reins her horse away from the
text: square, the crowd, the executioner's axe. But Constance
text: freezes in place, eyes wide. As d'Artagnan, upon the
text: cart, rolls INTO VIEW.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: It's him.
text: For just a moment, their eyes lock. Inestimable space
text: between. Constance's eyes fill with tears, she watches
text: d'Artagnan. Porthos steps back from d'Artagnan, raises
text: his axe. D'Artagnan shuts his eyes, wonders, mutters a
text: silent prayer. That's when screams of panic erupt from
text: the crowd. D'Artagnan raises his head to see the source
dialog: of this mayhem.
scene_heading: 64 MARKET SQUARE 64
text: The Cardinal's crimson carriage races toward the scaffold,
text: scattering the crowd in all directions. Men shout, women
text: scream, all leaping to avoid the stallion's sharp hooves,
text: the coach's THUNDEROUS spinning WHEELS. In the driver's
text: seat, clutching the reins in one hand and CRACKING a WHIP
dialog: in the other... is Athos.
text: Porthos uses the heavy blunt end of the axe to topple the
text: closest men-at-arms. Aramis opens his Bible, pulls out
text: a PISTOL, and BLASTS the saber from the hand of the
text: Captain of the Guards. A man-at-arms raises his musket
text: to shoot the false priest, but d'Artagnan leaps out of
text: nowhere, lands on him with both feet, knocking the man-
text: at-arms off the scaffold.
speaker_heading: 65 CARRIAGE 65
text: Athos pulls up alongside the scaffold.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (the usual dour
dialog: expression, but a
dialog: hint of levity)
dialog: Gentlemen, your carriage.
text: Compliments of the Cardinal.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED: 65
text: D'Artagnan rushes to the edge of the scaffold, springs
text: into the air, landing on the seat beside him. Aramis and
text: Porthos shed their disguises, jump after, light upon the
text: carriage. The roof fabric tears, they drop into the
text: plush interior below. Athos CRACKS the WHIP... and the
text: stallions race off through the crowd, towards freedom.
speaker_heading: 66 SQUARE 66
text: Constance watches the escape, transfixed, delighted. As
text: the carriage barrels from the scaffold, she thrusts a
text: gloved fist into the air, triumphant.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: 67 TOWER 67
text: But the Cardinal looks on with horror.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: My carriage.
speaker_heading: 68 CARRIAGE 68
text: Athos produces a dagger, cuts the leather ties that bind
text: d'Artagnan's wrists.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Hold on!
text: Athos cracks the whip, driving the horses onward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 69 INT. CARRIAGE - DAY 69
text: Aramis and Porthos have settled in comfortably. Porthos
text: spies a wicker hamper on the floor.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Well, what have we here?
text: Porthos lifts the lid. Inside: bottles of wine, champagne,
text: and a wide assortment of foods.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: How considerate of the Cardinal
dialog: to provide us with a snack.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: 69 CONTINUED: 69
text: Porthos extracts a bottle of wine, grabs a turkey leg.
text: Aramis looks about the interior, spies a small ornate
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Hello.
text: Aramis opens the box, reacts. It is filled with gold
dialog: coins, jewelry.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: How is it that a man of God
dialog: becomes a man of gold?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (looks on, grins)
text: Trinkets for the ladies.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Let's share.
scene_heading: 70 STREETS OF PARIS - CARRIAGE 70
text: Aramis sticks his head through the hole in the fabric
text: roof, hands the ornate box to d'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Would you be so good as to
dialog: distribute these? Your generosity
dialog: will be greatly appreciated.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (open the box, reacts)
dialog: But...?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (to the point)
dialog: Throw the coins, boy. The people
dialog: are hungry.
text: D'Artagnan grabs a handful of coins, and tosses them into
text: the air. Aramis smiles approval, drops back to the
text: carriage interior. Pedestrians see the gold, shout, and
text: leap after. Their hurried steps impede the Guards' pro-
text: gress, horses rear up, soldiers tumble. But several of
text: the Guards manage to avoid the obstacle, pursue the
text: carriage with renewed determination. D'Artagnan hears a
text: LOUD POPPING sound, ducks.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: They're firing at us!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: 70 CONTINUED: 70
text: Porthos sticks his head INTO VIEW, offers them a bubbling
text: bottle of champagne, the source of the popping sound.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Champagne?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: You know I prefer wine.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Don't go away.
text: Porthos ducks down, returns with a new bottle.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: May I recommend this find
dialog: Cabernet?
text: Porthos hands the bottle to Athos. Athos hands the reins
text: to d'Artagnan. D'Artagnan struggles with the reins, tries
text: to control the horses. And beams, taking delight from
text: every instant of adventure. Athos SMASHES the top of the
text: BOTTLE, drinks deeply, settles back to enjoy himself.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
text: Turn right at the next street.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: The next right...?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Turn.
text: Athos growls, d'Artagnan jerks at the reins. The carriage
text: careens around the corner, tipping on two wheels.
scene_heading: 71 INCLUDE INTERIOR 71
text: Porthos looks up from his chest, champagne spilled all
text: over his tunic... and a brand new sash.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (to Aramis)
dialog: That's it. Next time, you drive.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 72 EXT. STREET - DAY 72
text: The carriage charges up a steep hill. At the summit, Athos
text: tosses aside his bottle, takes the reins from d'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
text: D'Artagnan sighs with relief. Athos yanks the brake
text: lever, brings the horses to a halt, and leaps down from
text: the driver's seat. D'Artagnan follows. Athos pulls the
text: passenger door open, revealing Porthos and Aramis inside.
text: Gold coins on the carpet at their feet, food and drink
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Gentlemen, this is the end of the
dialog: line. I hope you had a pleasant
dialog: ride.
dialog: (to d'Artagnan)
text: Unhitch the horses.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: But the Guards.
text: D'Artagnan points to the bottom of the hill. The mounted
text: Guards chase after, begin their ascent.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Do as I say.
text: D'Artagnan hurries to the horses. Porthos and Aramis
text: climb from the cab. Porthos emits a contented belch.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (to Aramis)
dialog: Your pistol and powder, please.
text: Aramis hands Athos a sack of powder, and his pistol.
text: Athos tosses the sack into the carriage, takes aim with
text: the PISTOL, and SHOOTS it -- igniting the powder inside.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Stand back.
text: The interior of the Cardinal's carriage bursts into
text: flames.
scene_heading: 73 BOTTOM OF HILL 73
text: D'Artagnan and the three Musketeers mount the Cardinal's
text: white stallions, race off into the distance. Porthos
text: shouts, laughing.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I'd give five years of your life
dialog: just to see the Cardinal's face!
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Ten!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: 74 RICHELIEU'S FACE 74
text: The Cardinal's face is contorted in fury. He steps out of
text: a horse cart, approaches the charred remains of his be-
text: loved carriage. He stares at the smouldering ruin for a
text: long beat. Rochefort and a company of Guards stand near-
text: by, wait for him to speak. When he does, his tone is
text: measured and calm.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: One thousand pistoles on each of
text: their heads, dead or alive. The
dialog: boy knows our plans.
text: Rochefort reacts with surprise.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 75 EXT. WOODS - DAY 75
text: D'Artagnan and the three Musketeers rest against tree
text: trunks in a hidden glade, polish off the last of the
text: Cardinal's food and drink. Their usual cynicism replaced
text: by something approaching camaraderie. Aramis smiles as
text: d'Artagnan attacks a turkey wing.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I haven't eaten in three days.
dialog: I guess with all the excitement,
dialog: I forgot.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Your trip from home has been an
dialog: eventful one.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (he can't quite
dialog: believe it)
dialog: Three days.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I heard of a d'Artagnan once. He
dialog: was a captain in the Musketeers
dialog: when we were just recruits.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: He was my father.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: A good man, I'm told.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I knew there was something
dialog: familiar about this boy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: He died when I was nine.
text: The mention of the elder d'Artagnan's death casts a pall.
text: D'Artagnan continues, tentative, the memory still hurts.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: All my mother would tell me is
dialog: that he died in the service of
dialog: the King.
text: An uncomfortable silence. It is Athos who finally speaks:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: D'Artagnan, your father and another
text: Musketeer were ambushed and
text: murdered outside the Louvre.
text: D'Artagnan pales, stunned and silent. He manages a
dialog: broken whisper:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: This other Musketeer -- is he
dialog: still alive? I'd like to talk
text: to him.
text: Athos shakes his head. Porthos adds:
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: You already have. His name is
dialog: the Count De Rochefort.
text: D'Artagnan isn't listening. He stands suddenly, turns,
text: and walks away. He doesn't want the Musketeers to see
text: the tears forming in his eyes. Aramis shouts after:
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: D'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 EXT. WOODS - DAY 76
text: D'Artagnan stands at a flowing stream, wipes the tears
text: from his eyes. Aramis appears at his side, offers silent
text: comfort, a hand on d'Artagnan's shoulder.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I imagined his death a hundred
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN (CONT'D)
text: On a battlefield, defending
text: his King. Fighting bravely for
dialog: France. And now... I will find
dialog: the man who murdered my father
text: and kill him where he stands.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
text: A man is better measured by his
dialog: life than by his death. Your
dialog: father was bold, and brave.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: But you never knew him...
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: He lives in you.
dialog: That's all the evidence Aramis requires. D'Artagnan
text: pauses to reflect. Then wonders:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: And your father?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I was orphaned at a young age.
dialog: The church took me in.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: You didn't have one.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: But I did. He was a great man,
dialog: a leader of the church. And his
dialog: example inspired me to dedicate
dialog: my life to God's service.
text: Aramis opens his cloak, reveals a priestly cloth. A
text: secret he carries near to his heart.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: You were a priest...
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I was a fool.
dialog: (eyes on the cool
dialog: water)
dialog: This great man, this father,
dialog: betrayed the church, and turned
dialog: his back on God. To worship power
dialog: and gold.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: 76 CONTINUED: (2) 76
speaker_heading: ARAMIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It broke my heart to see it.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: And you became a Musketeer.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I joined the Musketeers and a
dialog: strange thing happened. I got my
dialog: faith back.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: But who was that man...
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
text: (turns to face him)
dialog: All of France knows him. His
dialog: Eminence, the Cardinal Richelieu.
text: D'Artagnan nearly jumps from his boots.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 77 EXT. ROOF OF PALAIS CARDINAL - DAY 77
text: Richelieu stands on the roof of the Palais, lost in
text: thought. He looks down and sees, through the smoke and
text: mist, the silent rooftops of Paris, pointed, innumerable.
text: Richelieu turns, and crosses to an elaborate pigeon coop.
text: Servants attach messages to the legs of carrier pigeons.
text: Rochefort steps INTO VIEW, anxious, out of breath.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: (bowing)
dialog: Your Eminence. The Musketeers
dialog: have been sighted riding north
text: on the road to Calais.
text: Richelieu nods, he already knows. He picks up one of
text: the pigeons, strokes it gently.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Don't worry. Thanks to our winged
dialog: friends, every mercenary and
dialog: bounty hunter in France will be
text: waiting for them.
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: Isn't modern communication a
dialog: wonderful thing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
text: Richelieu releases the bird, and watches it streak sky-
text: ward, flying across the sky.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 78 EXT. WOODS - DAY 78
text: The three Musketeers gather around d'Artagnan, listen to
text: his story. In mid-telling:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: ... I couldn't hear it clearly,
dialog: I was standing by the door, the
dialog: voices were low --
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: The Cardinal sent someone to
text: England. With a secret treaty.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: He's made an alliance with a man
dialog: named, Bucking... Buckingham.
text: The Musketeers look at each other with alarm.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: The Duke of Buckingham?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Do you know him?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: He rules England the way Richelieu
dialog: rules France.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNANj
text: A ship called the Persephone waits
dialog: for the Cardinal's agent at
dialog: Calais. To take him to England.
text: Tuesday, midnight.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (figuring)
dialog: Calais is over two hundred leagues
dialog: from here...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: This messenger and the treaty will
dialog: prove the Cardinal a traitor. If
dialog: we can get our hands on them.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: What are we waiting for, let's go.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Wait.
text: Athos stops their exuberant plots and plans with a
dialog: single word. All turn, wonder.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (as always, the
dialog: bottom line)
dialog: Does the Cardinal know you have
dialog: this information?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Then he knows we have it too. And
dialog: he'll do everything in his power
dialog: to stop us.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
text: But with three men trying, one
dialog: of us might be able to make it.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Four.
text: Bold words. D'Artagnan matures by leaps and bounds.
text: Athos almost smiles.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. ROAD TO CALAIS - NIGHT 79
text: Fog drifts across a lonely stretch of road. Suddenly:
text: pounding HOOFBEATS come over the scene. MUSIC SWELLS.
text: And galloping out of the fog come d'Artagnan and the
text: three Musketeers, riding hell-for-leather. HOLD ON this
text: heroic tableau for a long beat.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. BRIDGE ON ROAD TO CALAIS - NIGHT 80
text: Four rough-looking MERCENARIES crouch on a low bridge
text: spanning a shallow stream. They are armed with muskets
text: and swords. The Mercenaries wait in the darkness, whisper
text: eagerly among themselves.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
text: One of them hisses for silence, all conversation ends.
text: And the sound of HOOFBEATS is heard in the distance.
text: Faint, but growing closer.
speaker_heading: MERCENARY
dialog: Shoot low. We'll need their
text: heads for identification.
text: The Mercenaries raise their muskets, take aim. Right on
text: cue, four horsemen come THUNDERING out of the mist. But
text: just before they reach the bridge, the four horsemen
text: break in half -- one pair rides to the left, the other to
text: the right. Before the Mercenaries realize what's
text: happened, the horsemen ride on either side, splashing
text: through the shallow stream. In a flash, they return to
text: the road, and race away. Having avoided the bridge
dialog: completely.
text: Cursing, the angry Mercenaries whirl about, FIRE at
text: d'Artagnan and the three Musketeers as they ride into
text: the night. Porthos' merry laugh drifts back to mock them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 81 EXT. ROAD TO CALAIS - NIGHT 81
text: An overturned wagon lies in the ditch. Beer kegs litter
text: the roadway. The wagon's driver, an old FARMER, sits on
text: one of the kegs, holding his head. D'Artagnan and the
text: Musketeers gallop INTO VIEW, rein their horses to a stop.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (with relief)
dialog: Thank God for a friendly face.
dialog: My horse broke loose. Can you
dialog: help me move these kegs out of
dialog: the road?
text: D'Artagnan starts to dismount.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Stay on your horse.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: He needs our help.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Don't worry. We'll help him.
text: Suddenly: two other men step before the wagon, pointing
text: muskets. The ragged Farmer reaches inside his coat, pulls
text: out a pistol, makes a smirking request:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: 81 CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Won't you step down... Musketeers?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Gentlemen, I beg you. Please put
dialog: away your weapons and remove these
dialog: kegs from the road. We'd prefer
dialog: to ride on without having to kill
dialog: you.
text: D'Artagnan and the "Farmers" gape at Aramis in surprise.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: You're threatening us?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
text: It's not a threat, it's a fact.
dialog: If you don't haul those kegs away,
dialog: you're dead where you stand.
text: The Farmer laughs, contemptuously. He raises his pistol
text: and aims it at Porthos' head. But before he can pull the
text: trigger, THREE EXPLOSIONS ERUPT from under the cloaks of
dialog: Athos, Porthos and Aramis.
text: When the smoke clears, d'Artagnan is startled to see the
text: three dead "Farmers" sprawled in the road and the three
text: pistols emerging from beneath the cloaks of the
dialog: Musketeers.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
text: Mine hit the ground first.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Mine was taller.
text: Aramis swings out of the saddle and begins to perform
dialog: last rites over the bodies. D'Artagnan still can't be-
text: lieve what just happened. He turns to Porthos. Porthos
text: raises the barrel to his lips and blows away the gunsmoke.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: There's only one rule, d'Artagnan
dialog: -- stay alive.
text: THUNDER RUMBLES and RAINS begins to fall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 82 INT. COUNTRY INN - NIGHT 82
text: A large warm tavern with a ROARING FIRE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: 82
text: Present are the INNKEEPER, his wife, a few benighted tra-
text: velers and THREE BARMAIDS. They turn as the door flies
text: open and the Musketeers and d'Artagnan enter from a RAGING
text: STORM. They keep their cloaks drawn about them and wear
text: the brims of their hats pulled low to cover their faces.
text: The occupants of the inn regard the new arrivals with
text: suspicion. Outisde, the STORM BLOWS. D'Artagnan closes
text: the heavy door. Fearful, the Innkeeper comes forward to
text: meet the four ominous travelers.
speaker_heading: INNKEEPER
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: See to our horses and bring us
dialog: some food.
speaker_heading: INNKEEPER
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: I'm sorry but we have little to
dialog: spare. The Cardinal's Guards were
dialog: here today. They helped
dialog: themselves to our food and then
dialog: refused to pay.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (bitter)
dialog: In the name of God, I'm sure.
text: Porthos is on the lookout for danger. He reaches inside
text: his cloak for a weapon and, in doing so, accidentally
text: exposes his Musketeer tunic.
speaker_heading: BARMAID #1
dialog: (crying out)
dialog: Musketeers!
text: The sound of SLIDING STEEL as Athos, Porthos, Aramis and
text: d'Artagnan draw their swords, ready to fight. They stand
text: back to back in a circle, ready for attack.
dialog: But there is no attack. Quite the contrary. The people
dialog: here are thrilled to see them.
speaker_heading: INNKEEPER
dialog: (honored)
dialog: Musketeers in my house! Gentlemen,
dialog: put away your swords and come in.
dialog: Anyone who fights the Cardinal is
dialog: welcome here.
text: The Musketeers lower their swords.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: 82 CONTINUED: (2) 82
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I think we've found a home.
text: The Musketeers return their swords to their sheathes and
text: take off their dripping hats and capes. The pretty
text: Barmaids crowd around them to collect their gear and car-
dialog: ry it to the fire.
speaker_heading: INNKEEPER
dialog: We don't have much but what we
dialog: have is yours.
text: Porthos rubs his hands together, eager to indulge himself.
text: He follows the Barmaids, booming in his loud, friendly
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Ladies, you're in for a treat
dialog: tonight. Allow me to introduce
dialog: myself. I'm the Musketeer they
dialog: call Porthos.
text: Porthos beams, waiting for a big response but nothing
text: happens. The Barmaids look at each other.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (repeating; louder)
dialog: Porthos.
text: Still no response. Aramis and d'Artagnan hide smiles.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: It's hard to believe they haven't
dialog: heard of the great Porthos.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Oh, shut up, Aramis.
text: The three Barmaids perk up.
speaker_heading: BARMAIDS
dialog: (with excitement)
dialog: Aramis? Did you say Aramis?
text: And with that, the three Barmaids desert Porthos and
text: scurry across the room to attach themselves to Aramis.
text: Porthos shakes his head and flops down in a chair.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I don't get it. I just don't
dialog: get it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: 83 INT. TAVERN - NIGHT 83
text: Moments later. Porthos regales the Barmaids with a tale.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I said, 'A Queen is no different
text: than a barmaid in the dark. Though
dialog: less... practiced in the arts of
dialog: pleasure...'
text: The Barmaids accept his leering compliment with glee.
text: But d'Artagnan isn't so sure. Porthos, with two Barmaids,
text: bellows a reply.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: If you're going to be a proper
dialog: Musketeer, you'll have to learn
dialog: the manly art of wenching. Right,
dialog: ladies?
text: The Barmaids heartily concur. D'Artagnan looks over
text: Porthos' shoulder, to the dark-haired Barmaid seen previ-
text: ously. Porthos follows his gaze, grins.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Ahh, very good. Your first
dialog: subject. But you'll need
dialog: instruction. Watch closely.
text: Porthos pulls one of the Barmaids to his chest, brings
text: her lips toward his.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: The secret to wenching is the
dialog: first kiss. For in that kiss, a
dialog: lasting impression is made. If it
dialog: is weak, she will think you are
text: weak. And if it is comical, she
dialog: will think you are a clown. With
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Weak... weak. Comical... clown.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Very good. And as a Musketeer is
dialog: never weak, and only rarely a
dialog: clown, your first kiss must be all
dialog: the things that you are. Like
dialog: this...
text: Porthos gives the Barmaid a powerful kiss. He breaks it,
text: turns to d'Artagnan with a grin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: 83
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: You may speak first if you like,
dialog: your name, her name, an endearment
dialog: or two. But words are usually a
dialog: waste of time.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Only if you don't know which words
dialog: to say.
text: All turn to regard Aramis. He'll play along too.
text: Porthos reacts with delight. D'Artagnan with interest.
dialog: Aramis continues:
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Words may make a more lasting
dialog: impression than a thousand of
text: Porthos' kisses.
speaker_heading: BARMAID
dialog: (still reeling)
dialog: Not likely.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I'll demonstrate. Please. Sit
dialog: beside me.
dialog: Aramis' courtly behavior is as out of place in these en-
text: virons as it is persuasive. The Barmaid slips from
text: Porthos' lap, sits down on the bench beside him.
text: Aramis does not touch her. He simply looks into her
text: eyes... and begins to speak.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: 'Shall I compare thee to a
dialog: summer's day?
dialog: Thou art more lovely and more
dialog: temperate:
dialog: Rough winds do shake the darling
dialog: buds of May,
dialog: And summer's leash hath all too
dialog: short a date;
dialog: Sometime too hot the eye of heaven
dialog: shines,
dialog: And often is his gold complexion
dialog: dimmed;
dialog: And every fair from fair sometimes
dialog: declines,
dialog: By chance, or nature's changing
dialog: course untrimmed;
dialog: But thy eternal summer shall not
dialog: fade.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: 83 CONTINUED: (2) 83
speaker_heading: ARAMIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Nor lose possession of that fair
dialog: thou owest,
dialog: Nor shall death brag thou
dialog: wanderest in his shade,
dialog: When in eternal lines to time thou
dialog: growest;
dialog: So long as men can breathe, or eyes
dialog: can see.
dialog: So long lives this, and this gives
dialog: life to thee.'
text: The Barmaid, once skeptical, sits silently. Her face
text: covered with tears. Aramis pauses, almost embarrassed by
text: the outcome. He turns to d'Artagnan, cites:
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Shakespeare.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: That's cheating.
text: The Barmaid on his lap disagrees.
speaker_heading: BARMAID
dialog: It's beautiful.
text: D'Artagnan looks at the dark-haired Barmaid across the
text: room. Porthos urges him on.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Come on, d'Artagnan. We haven't
dialog: got all night.
text: D'Artagnan steps forward. The dark-haired Barmaid sees
text: him coming and smiles. D'Artagnan stands before her,
text: hesitates, not sure where to start. Then, remembering as
dialog: best he can:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: 'Shall I compare thee to a summer's
dialog: day?
dialog: Thou are move lovely and more
dialog: tempest, er, more tempered...'
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ahh, to hell with it --
text: D'Artagnan takes the Barmaid into his arms, delivers a
text: powerful kiss. As previously demonstrated. Porthos and
text: Aramis smile proudly. The Barmaids cheer.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: The boy's a natural.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: 83 CONTINUED: (3) 83
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: So little time, so much to learn.
text: D'Artagnan drains his flagon, indicates Athos sitting at
text: a table by himself, scowling, working on his third bottle
dialog: of Burgundy.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: In all the years I've know him...
dialog: I have never seen Athos smile.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Why is he sitting by himself?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
text: Athos takes his drinking seriously.
dialog: Ignore him. He'll be his usual
text: warm, charming self by morning.
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Service! My lap is cold!
text: A Barmaid scurries INTO VIEW. Porthos grabs her by the
text: waist, adds the Barmaid to the one already sitting on his
text: lap. The chair breaks beneath them, and all three go
text: sprawling on the floor, laughing heartily.
speaker_heading: 84 ATHOS 84
text: He remains lost in drink. D'Artagnan appears beside him.
text: He hides his concern behind a cheerful attitude.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Come join us.
text: Athos pulls d'Artagnan down with a dark smile. He fills
text: his flagon for him.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: You fight like a Musketeer. Let's
dialog: see if you can drink like one.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'll drink anything you put in
text: front of me.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Famous last words.
dialog: (raising his flagon)
dialog: What shall we drink to?
text: D'Artagnan notices the dark-haired Barmaid eyeing him
text: across the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: 84
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Love?
text: The word nearly makes Athos grimace. He stares at
text: d'Artagnan for a long beat, then beyond. As if to look
text: into another time and place. Finally:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Love.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Would you like to hear a story,
dialog: d'Artagnan? A love story?
text: Athos' voice reveals unexpected vulnerability, the pain
text: he keeps inside. D'Artagnan is fascinated, moved. He
dialog: nearly whispers:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Yes.
text: Athos takes a long pull from the bottle of burgundy,
text: wipes the blood red wine from his lips.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I once knew a man... one of the
dialog: Counts of Berry. My native
dialog: province. When the good Count was
dialog: about your age, he fell in love
text: with a visitor from Paris. A
text: breathtaking girl of seventeen.
dialog: She was more than beautiful,
dialog: d'Artagnan. She was...
dialog: intoxicating. And this man, the
dialog: poor idiot, he married her.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Isn't that what people do when
dialog: they fall in love?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Be quiet and listen.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Count took her to his castle
dialog: and made her the first lady of the
dialog: province. They were happy for a
text: time, as happy as a man and a
dialog: woman can be. Then one day, while
text: riding in the woods, the girl was
text: thrown from her horse, and knocked
text: unconscious. The Count hurried to
text: help her. Her dress was torn.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: 84 CONTINUED: (2) 84
speaker_heading: ATHOS (CONT'D)
text: On her her arm, the woman wore a
text: gold band in the shape of a
dialog: serpent. It was the only article
dialog: of clothing she refused to remove.
dialog: The Count's curiosity got the best
text: of him. He reached over and slid
text: down the gold band. He saw
dialog: something on her arm... something
dialog: she'd kept hidden 'til then...
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: The fleur d'lis. She'd been
dialog: branded...
scene_heading: 85 ANOTHER ANGLE 85
text: D'Artagnan reacts with shock.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
text: The Count's angel turned out to be
text: a murderess who escaped the
text: Executioner's blade. She swore
dialog: that she loved him. Swore that
dialog: she had changed. And if he would
dialog: just keep her secret, they would
dialog: live a long life together.
text: Athos pauses, imagines that life. The Count and his
dialog: angel.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: But the Count was young and he was
text: stupid. He was tormented by the
dialog: ridicule of his social class. And
dialog: so he rejected her. For her lies
dialog: and for her past.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And turned her over to the
dialog: authorities to be executed for the
dialog: crime.
text: Athos now turns his unflinching gaze on d'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: But you see... his heart did not
dialog: agree. The Count soon realized
dialog: what she had meant to him. And
dialog: what he had done.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: ATHOS (CONT'D)
dialog: That his... betrayal was far
text: greater than her own.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Soon after he foreswore the
dialog: society that shaped him. Gave up
dialog: his title. And was never seen
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: He loved her.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: He killed her. It seemed like the
dialog: same thing after a while.
text: HOLD ON Athos for a long time. As he gathers up his pain,
text: and puts it back again.
text: Athos SMASHES open another BOTTLE. But the story has
dialog: made d'Artagnan quite sober and a little sick to his
text: stomach. He refuses another drink.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Good. More for me.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Aramis -- play something with some
dialog: blood in it! I feel like dancing!
text: Aramis launches into something appropriate. Porthos and
text: a Barmaid get up and begin a festive folk dance.
dialog: Porthos is damned good. His joie de vivre is infectious
text: and soon everyone in the inn is clapping and encouraging
text: him. Every once in awhile, another WEAPON -- a dagger or
text: something -- drops out of Porthos' clothing and hits the
text: floor with a CLATTER.
text: That's when Porthos, dancing with abandon, spins out of
text: control, trips and falls on Athos' table, crushing it to
dialog: the floor.
text: Porthos lies in the wreckage, staring up. Athos, totally
text: unperturbed, looks down and offers him the bottle.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Care to dance, Athos?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Only if I can lead.
text: Porthos blinks in amazement at Athos' grim face, then
text: breaks out laughing.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Aramis! Athos made a joke!
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 86 ANGLE 86
text: The Innkeeper comes down the stairs wearing a nightshirt
text: and a sleepy expression.
speaker_heading: INNKEEPER
dialog: Excuse me, gentlemen.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Were we making too much noise?
speaker_heading: INNKEEPER
dialog: You told me to wake you at dawn.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: INNKEEPER
text: It's dawn.
text: They turn in disbelief to the shuttered windows. Sure
text: enough. Sunlight is peeking in through the cracks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 87 EXT. RURAL LANDSCAPE - DAY 87
text: The sun rises, casts long shadows across a sparkling dew-
text: wet field. D'Artagnan and the Musketeers ride INTO
text: FRAME, continuing their journey to Calais. D'Artagnan
text: squints ahead, wincing with every bump. Porthos grins.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Beautiful morning, eh, d'Artagnan?
text: D'Artagnan is terribly hung-over from the night's
text: carousing. He looks like he could puke at any moment.
text: So that's exactly why Porthos shouts to him and says...
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: You know, d'Artagnan, it's not a
dialog: good idea to travel on an empty
dialog: stomach. You really should have
dialog: had a big portion of those sheep's
dialog: brains...
text: D'Artagnan covers his mouth. Porthos laughs good-
dialog: naturedly.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
text: My head feels like it's filled
text: with the King's marching band.
dialog: Would you please stop whistling?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Whistling? I'm not whistling.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Well someone is.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (to others)
text: The Barmaid's kiss left him dizzy.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I hear it too. It sounds like...
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (knows immediatley)
text: A connon ball.
text: Athos is cut off by an EAR-PIERCING WHISTLE as a CANNON
text: BALL drops out of the sky and STRIKES the ground nearby,
text: sending up a tremendous EXPLOSION.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I hate cannon balls.
text: Another BALL EXPLODES into the ground in front of them.
text: Their horses rear up in fear, threatening to dump them
text: out of their saddles. As the Musketeers and d'Artagnan
text: struggle to control their horses, they look back and see
text: an old castle atop a distant hill.
text: A group of men operate two rusted cannons, left over from
text: some long-forgotten war.
text: The Musketeers barely calm their horses, when another
text: BALL comes SCREAMING their way, IMPACTING a few feet
text: away. As dirt rains upon them:
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (to d'Artagnan)
dialog: How's your head now?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'm beginning to wish the Cardinal
text: had chopped if off.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Stay with us, and you just might
dialog: get your wish.
text: Athos spurs his horse across the field, d'Artagnan and
text: the Musketeers follow. But they discover crude battle-
text: ments in their path. Athos changes direction, sees six
text: horsemen waiting for them in the near distance. He
text: changes direction again, as the horsemen charge after.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: 87 CONTINUED: (2) 87
text: They ride as fast their mounts will carry them. A cross-
text: roads up ahead. Athos sizes up the situation, shouts
dialog: command.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Split in half! D'Artagnan rides
dialog: with me!
text: D'Artagnan nods, thrilled to go with Athos.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: We'll see you in Calais!
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Or hell!
text: Athos and d'Artagnan take off in one direction, Porthos
text: and Aramis in the other. The pursuing horsemen soon
text: race INTO VIEW, break in half to give chase.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 88 INT. QUEEN'S BATH - DAY 88
text: A room heavy with mist and steam. Behind a maze of gauze
text: screens, we discover Anne reclining in a large tiled bath,
text: Constance attending. Constance replenishes the bath with
text: pitchers of hot water drawn from a boiling cauldron.
text: In mid-conversation, as confidantes and friends:
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: But how, your Majesty? How can
dialog: you tell if you're really in love?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Do you think about him all the
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: (considers; replies)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: And when he's around, do your
dialog: knees feel as weak as water?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: And when he looks at you, do you
dialog: suddenly forget how to breathe?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 88 CONTINUED: 88
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Then you're in love.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: (thrilled by the
dialog: knowledge; knew it
dialog: all alone)
dialog: I am.
text: Anne turns to Constance, soap and water swirl about her
text: naked body. She wonders:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: You'll never believe it.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Of course I will.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: You won't.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: The young man who rescued us from
dialog: the bandit.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: The young man on the scaffold?
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (turns back in the
text: water, peers ahead)
dialog: You're right. I don't believe it.
text: A warm beat. Anne and Constance are friends as much as
dialog: they are Queen and subject.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Are you in love, Your Majesty?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What an impertinent question.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: 88 CONTINUED: (2) 88
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Are you?
text: Anne pauses. If only her life, her emotions, were as
dialog: simple.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: My love... is a matter of state.
dialog: It's complicated.
text: A sad beat. Constance teases:
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Do you think about him all the
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (playing along)
dialog: As Queen, my mind touches on many
dialog: subjects.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Do your knees feel as weak as
dialog: water?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: When he looks at you, do you
dialog: forget how to breathe?
text: A beat. And Anne is a girl of eighteen again, not Queen.
text: Wistful, she replies:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I hope he will someday. I hope
dialog: I will too.
text: HOLD ON Anne for a beat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 89 INT. QUEEN'S BATH - DAY (LATER) 89
text: Anne steps to a dressing chamber, wearing a long robe,
text: arranging her thick wet hair into braids.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Constance, have you seen my...?
text: Anne stops short. Cardinal Richelieu waits for her in
text: the dressing chamber, now bows, assumes a supplicant air.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 89 CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Your Majesty, forgive me.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Cardinal.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I need your help. And could not
dialog: in good conscience wait another
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You want my help?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: On what matter?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Your... husband.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (remembering
dialog: Richelieu's last
dialog: encounter with Louis)
dialog: Your King.
text: Richelieu allows the jest, remains silent, watchful.
text: Anne resumes, chooses her words with care.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Of course. As Your Eminence has
dialog: been kind enough to advise me...
dialog: (nods assent)
dialog: It's the least I can do.
text: Richelieu reacts with quiet pleasure. He steps closer.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I am worried about the King's...
dialog: happiness.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: The Huguenot rebellion, occupation
dialog: in the Antilles and Cayenne. The
dialog: coming war with France. These are
dialog: not the usual hobbies of youth.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: 89 CONTINUED: (2) 89
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: And now he wishes to postpone his
dialog: birthday celebration.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: He feels it is not... appropriate.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: It sounds as though he is
dialog: concerned with more important
dialog: matters.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Which is exactly why we must
dialog: celebrate.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: To show the world that the King of
dialog: France is strong enough to face
dialog: any enemy on any field. To show
dialog: France... that he is King.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He will listen to you. If you
dialog: will speak.
text: Richelieu makes his case with forceful eloquence, seeming
text: loyalty. Anne considers, replies, noncommittal:
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I will speak to him.
text: Anne senses hidden agenda, intrigues below the surface.
text: The conversation's conspiratorial tone begins to disturb
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Now, if you'll excuse me, I...
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Of course.
text: Anne nods, turns back toward the chambers. Richelieu
dialog: calls after.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Your Majesty?
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Please understand that I do not
dialog: underestimate the value of your
dialog: assistance.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 89 CONTINUED: (3) 89
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU (CONT'D)
dialog: And that I wish for you to
dialog: consider -- in fact, to know --
dialog: all that you and I might
dialog: accomplish. Together.
dialog: (quietly, as if
dialog: to justify)
dialog: For France.
text: Richelieu steps away, his red cape swirling behind him.
text: Anne feels a chill, pulls her robe more tightly about
text: her body.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 90 EXT. LOUVRE (PARIS) - DAY 90
text: Infantry troops drill outside the King's palace, prac-
text: ticing muskets and sabers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 91 INT. THRONE ROOM - DAY 91
text: Louis watches from a balcony. Richelieu appears, fresh
text: from his encounter with the Queen. Louis looks up,
text: greets him with displeasure.
scene_heading: 92 INT. THRONE ROOM AND GREAT HALL 92
text: Louis watches from a balcony. Richelieu appears, fresh
text: from his encounter with the Queen.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I'm sorry to be late, Your
dialog: Majesty, but I was wrestling with
dialog: an important matter of state.
text: Richelieu never allows the mask to slip. Even for an
text: instant. Louis glances at the throne room, the increasing
text: number of Cardinal's Guards on duty. They make him feel
text: uncomfortable. Louis speaks with renewed determination.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why is it I don't see any of my
dialog: Musketeers?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I'm afraid... that's impossible.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED: 92
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
text: They have become outlaws. They
text: are terrorizing the countryside,
dialog: robbing and killing innocent
dialog: people.
text: Louis can't believe it.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: There must be some mistake.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: No mistake. I have reports from
text: the local constables involved.
text: Richelieu, ever prepared, produces a sheaf of papers. No
text: doubt counterfeit. But Louis has no way of knowing. He
text: takes the papers into his hands, reacts with sadness.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Musketeers...
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
text: They are better off disbanded.
text: Louis turns back to the balcony, the soldiers marching
text: below. His mood glum and lonely. He sighs, moves on to
dialog: another matter of business.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Your Eminence, I've been hearing
dialog: some very troubling rumors about
dialog: you.
text: Richelieu nods, not the least bit concerned.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: There are so many to choose from.
dialog: Is it the one about my alleged
dialog: alliance with Buckingham? Let's
dialog: see if I remember it correctly.
dialog: While the English attack from
dialog: without, I'll undermine the throne
dialog: from within -- depose you -- and
dialog: become sovereign of France myself.
dialog: That rumor, Your Majesty?
text: Richelieu smiles, his face a mask of innocence.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: It does seem rather farfetched.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: 92 CONTINUED: (2) 92
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: If there are any doubts of my
dialog: loyalty, they'll be put to rest
dialog: when we appear together at your
dialog: birthday celebration.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I've been thinking about that. A
dialog: birthday celebration when we're
text: on the brink of war...
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: (alert, ready for
dialog: this as well)
dialog: Your subjects are eager to
dialog: celebrate the birth of their King
dialog: at a time like this.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'm not so eager.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I have an idea. Why don't you
dialog: discuss the matter with your
dialog: Queen?
text: Louis looks up, wonders. As Richelieu draws him deeper
text: into his spider's strategems.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 93 EXT. FRENCH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY 93
text: Porthos and Aramis ride hard, look back over their
text: shoulders. They crest the top of a bluff, rein their
text: horses to a stop. They can afford to rest for a moment.
text: Their pursuit is at least a mile behind them.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: My horse will not survive another
dialog: league.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (in kind)
text: Ten, twenty at the most.
text: Porthos looks into the near distance, manages a weary
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Here's just the thing. A nice,
text: relaxing boat ride.
text: At the bottom of the hill: a crude ferry lands at the
text: bank of a swift, choppy river.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 94 EXT. RIVER AND FERRY LANDING - DAY 94
text: The ferry is an open flatboat -- a wooden platform, about
text: fifteen-by-twenty feet. It travels from one shore to the
text: other by means of a ferry rope. Transport is slow, the
text: trip to the other shore takes nearly five minutes.
text: As Porthos and Aramis arrive, the flatboat is just re-
text: turning, piloted by its FERRYMAN, a hunched and weather-
text: beaten gnome. Four passengers wait to be carried across
text: -- TWO GENTLEMAN CAVALIERS on horseback, and a country
text: WOMAN and her child. As the flatboat enters its slip,
text: the two Cavaliers urge their horses on board, rudely
text: jostling the Woman and her child to the rear.
text: The Ferryman, an experienced boot-licker, bows and
text: scrapes to the Cavaliers, collects the coins they toss
text: to his way.
speaker_heading: FERRYMAN
dialog: A privilege to carry you on my
dialog: humble boat...
text: The Ferryman turns a greedy eye on the Woman and child.
speaker_heading: FERRYMAN
text: Two pistoles.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: But I only have one. Couldn't
dialog: my child ride free? She's so
dialog: small...
speaker_heading: FERRYMAN
dialog: (hand outstretched,
dialog: demanding)
text: Two pistoles.
text: A courtly voice intervenes.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Put away your money, madame. You
dialog: and your child will cross the
dialog: river under our protection. For
dialog: free.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 94 CONTINUED: 94
text: All turn to regard Aramis on horseback, Porthos at his
text: side. The Woman reacts with grateful surprise. The
text: Ferryman is outraged, spittle flies as he curses and
dialog: protests.
speaker_heading: FERRYMAN
dialog: Nobody rides for free! Under
dialog: your protection bloody well
dialog: indeed! I'll teach you a thing
dialog: or two about protection! Apple-
dialog: cheeked young fools!! -- Just who
dialog: do you think you are!!
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (waits for the
dialog: tirade to cease;
dialog: simply)
dialog: Musketeers.
text: Two two Cavaliers react to the word. The Ferryman does,
text: too -- into cringing, obedient servant.
speaker_heading: FERRYMAN
dialog: Musketeers? Well, why didn't you
dialog: say so? Of course you'll ride for
dialog: free. I insist on it. This way,
dialog: pretty madame. My what a lovely
dialog: little girl...
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Porthos!
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: What?
text: Aramis takes Porthos by the shoulder and turns him so
text: he can see their pursuers pouring over the top of the
text: hill on their horses.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: We sail!
text: And with that, Porthos takes the sharp edge of his boom-
text: erang and brings it down on the dock rope. The rope
text: splits and the ferryboat lurches away from the dock.
scene_heading: 95 HILL AND SHORE 95
text: The pursuers charge down the hill and ride to the end of
text: the dock but they're too late. Porthos and Aramis have
dialog: gotten away.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 96 FLATBOAT 96
text: Porthos laughs and taunts the angry pursuers. Aramis
text: ties scarves around the horses' eyes to blindfold them
text: for the crossing. Then he turns around and sees what
text: Aramis is already seeing -- the two Cavaliers watch them
text: with keen interest.
speaker_heading: FIRST CAVALIER
dialog: You're those Musketeers everyone's
dialog: been looking for.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Popularity has its price.
text: The First Cavalier smiles, produces a flask.
speaker_heading: FIRST CAVALIER
dialog: I have some excellent brandy here.
dialog: Would you gentlemen care to drink
dialog: a toast with us to the Cardinal?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: We'd be happy to.
text: Porthos produces a bottle from under his cloak.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: If you'll drink one with us to
dialog: the King.
speaker_heading: SECOND CAVALIER
dialog: But the only King we recognize...
dialog: is the Cardinal.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: There are those who would call
dialog: that treason.
speaker_heading: FIRST CAVALIER
dialog: Happily, no such objections have
dialog: been raised... here.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: All right. I'll object.
speaker_heading: SECOND CAVALIER
dialog: I'm listening.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Let's see. You are, by your dress
dialog: and by your manner, members of a
dialog: bone-lazy class of servile ninnyhammers
dialog: whose slavish allegiance to His
dialog: Eminence the Cardinal is as that
dialog: of a dog who likes nothing better
dialog: than to sniff today where he has
dialog: peed the day before.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 96 CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: PORTHOS (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Piss is piss, no matter what robes
dialog: surround it.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Well said. I'm impressed.
dialog: Ninnyhammers.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I was momentarily inspired.
text: The Cavaliers are not amused. The first replies in
text: measured tones, his lips white with fury.
speaker_heading: FIRST CAVALIER
dialog: May I reply?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (courtly)
dialog: By all means.
speaker_heading: FIRST CAVALIER
dialog: Better to be a dog in the service
dialog: of a great master, than a beef-
text: witted moron so dazzled by the
dialog: throne that he does not see the
dialog: true nature of the foolish boy
text: who wobbles atop it. Which is to
dialog: say, that most muddy-brained of
dialog: all men... a Musketeer.
text: The Cavaliers have already pulled out their swords.
text: Porthos and Aramis now reach for their own. Porthos
dialog: deadpans:
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Maybe there's something about us
dialog: that just pisses people off. At
dialog: least I'd like to think so. It's
dialog: too bad we can only kill them
dialog: once.
speaker_heading: 97 FIGHT 97
text: The middle of a river on a rocking flatboat is not the
dialog: best place for a duel. But the combatants make the most
text: of it. Slipping, sliding, and falling. They attack with
dialog: everything they've got. The Cavaliers are excellent
text: swordsmen. And, as if that were not enough, the
dialog: Musketeers have an additional disadvantage -- they must
text: keep the Woman and child clear of the flashing blades.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: 97
text: Porthos drives his opponent about the flatboat with a
text: devilish grin, chases him between -- and at one point,
text: over -- blindfolded horses.
text: Aramis duels with the expected artistry, gradually re-
text: ducing his opponent to tatters. At one juncture, the
text: child loses her footing, slides toward the low end of
text: the flatboat, the deep river beyond. Aramis executes a
text: neat sidestep, stops the child's desperate progress with
text: one arm while continuing to do battle with the other.
text: He returns child to Mother with a grin, continues.
text: The two Cavaliers are soon vanquished, groaning on the
text: flatboat deck. Porthos and Aramis meet at the middle,
text: breathless. Porthos complains:
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I've been called a lot of things
dialog: in my time...
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (eyes on the
dialog: opposite shore)
dialog: Porthos...
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: But beef-witted is a little more
dialog: than I can stand, not to mention
dialog: unfair...
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Porthos...
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: What?
text: Aramis indicates the opposite shore as the flatboat
text: approaches it. There, waiting patiently, swords and
text: muskets already drawn... is a patrol of Cardinal's
dialog: Guards.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Can you swim?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: (doesn't like the
dialog: sound of this)
dialog: No. My horse can.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: That'll do.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: But...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: 97 CONTINUED: (2) 97
text: Aramis hurries to his horse, takes off the blindfold.
text: Porthos grumbles after, follows suit. They leap atop
text: their mounts, the horses slip upon the wet deck as they
text: guide them to the edge.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: You go first and I'll watch your
dialog: progress.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: No, no. Please. After you.
text: Stalemate. Then, they can't help it, Aramis and Porthos
dialog: grin. Life is an adventure, lived to the fullest. They
dialog: count...
scene_heading: ARAMIS AND PORTHOS
dialog: One, two -- three!
text: And with that, as the Woman and child, the Ferryman look
text: on, Aramis and Porthos guide their horses into the raging
text: river. The Woman whispers after:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Thank you. God speed.
text: Porthos manages a wink as he floats into the distance.
scene_heading: 98 ON SHORE 98
text: The Cardinal's Guards react with anger and disbelief.
speaker_heading: 99 RIVER 99
text: A wild ride down the ROARING RIVER. Porthos clinging to
text: his horse for dear life. Aramis keeping an eye on his
text: fellow Musketeer... and the deep rapids up ahead.
text: Through twists and turns, walls of white water, huge
text: boulders, and gyrating whirlpools... Aramis and Porthos
text: finally reach a quiet pool, a leafy shore beyond. They
text: lead their horses from the water, step toward dry land...
text: and see yet another (or perhaps the same) patrol of
text: Cardinal's Guards. Waiting, swords drawn, for their
dialog: arrival.
text: Porthos looks down at his latest sash -- destroyed like
text: the others. Aramis draws his saber, mutters.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: A nice relaxing boat ride...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: 99 CONTINUED: 99
text: And with that, Aramis and Porthos charge towards the
dialog: Guards.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 100 EXT. DENSE FOREST - DAY 100
text: Cool, clear water. WIDEN to reveal d'Artagnan and Athos
text: at a shallow pond, watering their horses. The forest
text: around them is dark and primeval.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Do you think we've lost them?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: They'll catch up eventually.
text: To the point, as always. D'Artagnan pauses to look at
dialog: their beautiful surroundings, remembers:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: My father used to hunt in a forest
dialog: like this. He promised to take me
dialog: on my tenth birthday. I don't know
dialog: why he picked that year. Something
dialog: about a boy becoming a man. I'd
dialog: lay in bed at night and imagine it,
dialog: just the two of us. But he died
dialog: before I could go with him.
text: Athos is unmoved, or so it would seem. He replies with
dialog: quiet cynicism:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Well. You have your boyhood wish
text: at last. The dark forest. The
text: thrill of the hunt. The nearness
dialog: of death.
text: Only d'Artagnan is the hunted, not the hunter.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'd be proud to die for my King.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I just wanted to save you from the
dialog: life of a Musketeer. You don't
dialog: have to go looking for experience,
dialog: d'Artagnan. It'll find you soon
dialog: enough. And when it does -- it
dialog: will mark you forever.
text: Athos rides into the forest. D'Artagnan hurries to
dialog: follow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. FOREST - DAY 101
text: Athos leads d'Artagnan through the forest. Sunbeams
text: shoot down through thick branches like golden bars. A
text: pastoral setting, almost peaceful. And then: THUNDERING
text: HOOFBEATS. Athos and d'Artagnan turn in surprise, see
text: SIX HORSEMEN CRASHING through the glade.
scene_heading: 102 ANOTHER ANGLE 102
text: Athos and d'Artagnan GALLOP through the dense forest.
text: The horesmen FIRE PISTOLS as they ride. A SHOT grazes
text: d'Artagnan's shoulder, he staggers, retains his mount.
text: Athos leads them up a hillside, a series of boulders at
text: the top. The climb is fast and treacherous, GUNFIRE all
text: around them. Athos' horse is struck by a bullet, stag-
text: gers forward... and collapses just as they reach the
text: crest. D'Artagnan leaps off his horse, takes cover with
text: Athos behind the boulders. Athos takes aim, FIRES a
text: SHOT, and kills one of the horsemen below. The others
text: curse, leap from their mounts, seek cover. SHOTS WHIZ
text: back and forth like angry hornets.
text: Stalemate, but not for long. They are badly outnumbered.
text: The horsemen creep slowly up the hillside, from tree to
text: tree. Athos turns to d'Artagnan as he reloads:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I'll hold them off for as long as
dialog: I can. Go on without me.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I can't leave you here. Not like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Ride to Calais and stop the
text: Cardinal's agent.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Athos... I can't.
text: Athos points his pistol at d'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Go, or I'll kill you myself.
dialog: A few days ago, d'Artagnan would have obeyed without
text: question. Fearful, if nothing else. But not here, not
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
text: A duel then.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: 102 CONTINUED: 102
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: You're insane.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: We never finished the first.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: All right. I'll toss a coin.
dialog: Tails I stay, heads you remain.
dialog: Agreed?
text: D'Artagnan nods. Athos FIRES off another SHOT. He
text: produces a gold coin, flips, slams it between palm and
text: hand. And looks between.
scene_heading: 103 ATHOS AND HIS POV 103
text: Heads. D'Artagnan is to remain. Athos looks up without
text: missing a beat.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Tails. I stay.
text: Athos returns the coin to his doublet without giving
dialog: d'Artagnan a chance to see.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: But...?
text: Athos reloads, FIRES below. D'Artagnan recognizes the
dialog: kindness he has received. That Athos cannot fully express
dialog: it. And that there is no use arguing with him.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: At least take my pistol.
text: He gives it to Athos. They clasp hands.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (gruff; yet proud)
dialog: Don't let us down... Musketeer.
text: There are tears in d'Artagnan's eyes. He knows Athos
dialog: hasn't got a chance.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (a choke of emotion)
dialog: I'll never forget you.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Go!
text: Athos turns away, SHOOTS at another horseman. D'Artagnan
text: runs to his MOUNT, GALLOPS away.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 104 D'ARTAGNAN 104
text: He rides, straining to hear the sounds of GUNFIRE. As
text: long as the SHOTS continue, he knows Athos is alive.
text: Abruptly... the SHOTS CEASE.
text: D'Artagnan swallows his heart, and rides.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 105 EXT. ROAD TO CALAIS - NIGHT 105
text: A lonely stretch of road, illuminated by moonlight. A
text: signpost announces: CALAI 15 LEAGUES. An exhausted
text: HORSE CLOPS INTO VIEW, its rider half-conscious in the
text: saddle. It is d'Artagnan. He can barely keep his eyes
text: open. Suddenly, d'Artagnan passes out, tumbles from
text: his saddle, and lands in the middle of the road. He
text: opens his eyes once -- a sky filled with stars -- then
text: closes them.
text: We hear HORSES, and the CREAK of a CARRIAGE APPROACHING.
text: The DRIVER brakes, and the horses are brought to a halt
text: just short of trampling d'Artagnan. In the darkness, we
text: can make out other shapes, rugged men on horseback,
text: bodyguards to the carriage's passenger. Milady de
dialog: Winter.
speaker_heading: MILADY (O.S.)
dialog: What is it, Henri?
speaker_heading: HENRI (DRIVER)
dialog: There's a body in the road, Milady.
speaker_heading: MILADY (O.S.)
dialog: Be careful.
text: Pistols are cocked. Henri's shadow falls across
text: d'Artagnan's body.
speaker_heading: HENRI
text: It's a young man. He appears to
dialog: be injured.
text: We hear the CARRIAGE DOOR OPEN. FOOTSTEPS to d'Artagnan's
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: MILADY (O.S.)
dialog: My, what a handsome boy. Put him
dialog: inside with me.
text: Strong hands grasp d'Artagnan and lift him from the cold
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: 106 D'ARTAGNAN'S POV - BLACK SCREEN 106
text: Out of the darkness, a face appears, BLURRY and OBSCURED.
text: It FILLS the SCREEN, slowly swimming INTO FOCUS. It is
text: Milady de Winter, even more beautiful in CLOSEUP.
text: Familiar, and no doubt deadly, ivory combs gleam in her
text: hair. She smiles warmly.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Welcome back. Did you dream?
scene_heading: 107 ANOTHER ANGLE 107
text: reveals the interior of a bed chamber at a roadside inn.
text: D'Artagnan, regaining his senses, finds himself propped
text: up in a large bed. He blinks into the face of Milady
text: who sits at the edge. His eyes widen with recognition,
text: faint awe.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Have we met?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I... saw you in Paris.
text: D'Artagnan notices that his shoulder has been bandaged.
text: He looks around the large room. A FIRE ROARS in the
text: grate. Food and drink have been set upon a table.
text: D'Artagnan continues, still groggy, uncertain:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Where am I...?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: This is Calais.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (with a jolt)
dialog: Calais!
dialog: (muttered; to self)
dialog: The ship... Tuesday at midnight...
text: D'Artagnan leaps out of bed. Then realizes he is stark
text: naked. Milady smiles. D'Artagnan gathers a bedsheet
text: around him.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Where are my clothes?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: 107
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Filthy. I'm having them cleaned.
dialog: Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: What day is it? What time?!
text: D'Artagnan runs to a window, and throws open the shutters.
text: Beyond: the harbor lights of the Port of Calais.
speaker_heading: MILADY
text: It's Tuesday, near nine.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Nine? Are you sure?
text: Somewhere in the night, a BELL TOLLS the HOUR. Milady
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Quite sure.
text: D'Artagnan relaxes slightly. Milady rises from the bed.
text: She wears a sky blue dressing gown, something soft and
text: silken beneath it. D'Artagnan reacts perceptibly. En-
text: joying his discomfort, Milady crosses the room, joins
text: him at the window.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Are you in a hurry?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: How did I... get here?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I found you in the road.
text: Discarded. Like an unwanted
dialog: kitten. Do you have a name or
dialog: shall I make one up for you?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: My name is d'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: D'Artagnan. I like that. I am
dialog: the Countess de Winter. Milady.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Countess?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: My husband's dead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: (2) 107
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I have learned to live with death.
text: She manages to combine sympathy, seduction, and just a
text: hint of danger. All in a single reply. D'Artagnan
text: hesitates, he is not immune to her charms, then:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Countess, I'm very grateful for
dialog: what you've done, but I can't stay
dialog: here. I've got...
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Important business.
speaker_heading: MILADY
text: How mysterious. A handsome young
dialog: man with 'important business' in
dialog: the still of night. Does it
dialog: involve a young lady?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Does it require clothes?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Yes. I need my clothes.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: They won't be ready for at least
dialog: an hour.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: An hour?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I told the innkeeper to bring them
dialog: when they are dry. Until then,
dialog: I'm afraid you are my prisoner.
dialog: Would the prisoner care for a
dialog: drink?
text: Milady crosses to the table, food and drink upon it. As
text: she passes by the fire, her dressing gown seems to disap-
text: pear, revealing a silhouette that makes d'Artagnan's
dialog: heart stop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 107 CONTINUED: (3) 107
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (always innocent;
dialog: never coy)
dialog: I am... thirsty.
text: Milady pours wine into glasses, turns to face him. And
text: offers a smile that dazzles and burns.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Good. Then we will sit by the
dialog: fire, and eat and drink, and you
dialog: may impress, perhaps even move me,
dialog: with the story of how you came to
text: lie unconscious, in the middle of
text: the night, on the road to Calais.
dialog: (soft seductively)
dialog: I love a good adventure.
text: D'Artagnan hesitates, then steps to her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 108 EXT. ROOF OF PALAIS CARDINAL (PARIS) - NIGHT 108
text: A CARRIER PIGEON FLUTTERS out of the dark sky, and enters
text: its box. The little door on the other side opens. A
text: hand reaches in and removes the bird. Richelieu unpeels
text: the message on its leg.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 109 INT. CARDINAL'S PRIVATE CHAMBER - NIGHT 109
text: A room as cold as the man who owns it. Behind
text: Richelieu's desk, there is a life-sized portrait of the
text: King. Rochefort occupies a window seat, cleaning
text: d'Artagnan's sword. He lifts it to the light, and
text: slashes the air. He stands, duels with an imaginary
text: opponent. Richelieu enters with the message.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: (dry; re: Rochefort's
dialog: fencing)
dialog: The wonderful thing about an
dialog: imaginary opponent is that he is
dialog: always greatly skilled, and always
text: easily defeated. The pride of
dialog: victory, without the risk of loss.
dialog: If only life were like that.
text: Richelieu sits at his desk, peers at the message. He
text: looks up, pleased.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: 109 CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
text: Milady has reached Calais.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: I told you not to worry about the
text: Musketeers. They are dead by now.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Buckingham's signature will be on
dialog: the treaty by morning.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: The King's birthday celebration...?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Will proceed as planned. Thanks
dialog: to the kind intercession of Queen
dialog: Anne.
text: Rochefort steps closer, speaks quietly.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: And our plans...?
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: (knowingly)
dialog: Will proceed as well.
text: Richelieu pours two glasses of port, offers one to
text: Rochefort. They turn, raise their glasses to the
dialog: King's portrait. And drink.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 110 INT. MILADY'S CHAMBER AT INN - NIGHT 110
text: D'Artagnan and Milady face each other on a rug in front
text: of the roaring fire. The plate of food between them is
text: empty. They drink wine from goblets. D'Artagnan drains
text: his cup, and stares into the burning embers. Milady
text: speaks quietly, with seeming compassion:
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: You are sad.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I was thinking about my friends.
dialog: Milady knows when to speak, and when to listen. She
text: looks at d'Artagnan with gentle expression, allows him to
text: continue. The warm room, the wine, her kindness. All
text: conspire to loosen his tongue. D'Artagnan speaks
dialog: quietly, from the heart:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: 110 CONTINUED: 110
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: The three best friends a man could
dialog: have. We were separated on our
dialog: way to Calais. I'm afraid I'll
dialog: never see them again.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: What brings you here?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'd like to tell you. But I can't.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: 'Important business.'
text: D'Artagnan nods. He wants to impress her. He wants her
text: to know how brave he is. And Milady is well aware of it.
text: She looks down, assumes a more vulnerable pose.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I understand. Men make bold plans
dialog: in secret. And women wait... to
text: mourn, or to celebrate the outcome.
dialog: I know from experience, it's a
text: lonely vigil.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: All I can tell you is... I'm on a
dialog: mission for the King.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (looks up; laughs
dialog: lightly)
dialog: I've heard that one before.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'm serious.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: You are a young man. And young
dialog: men are given to exaggeration.
dialog: However, if you would like to
dialog: entertain me with a story, I'm
dialog: eager to hear it. And please,
dialog: make it very brave, filled with
text: handsome knights and beautiful
dialog: ladies. I know, a dragon --
dialog: There is nothing a man is more loathe to experience than
text: a woman who does not take him seriously. D'Artagnan acts
dialog: accordingly, and reveals:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: 110 CONTINUED: (2) 110
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I came to Calais to stop a spy
dialog: from sailing to England.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (alert; though
dialog: d'Artagnan doesn't
dialog: see it)
dialog: A spy...?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I believe you...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Aren't you afraid?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Musketeers are not afraid of
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I knew it. I knew you were a
dialog: Musketeer the moment I saw you.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Of course.
dialog: (with sudden concern)
dialog: But, d'Artagnan, if this spy was
dialog: to find out you are here, your
dialog: life could be in grave danger.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: A Musketeer is not afriad of
dialog: danger.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I'm dangerous. You're not afraid
dialog: of me?
text: Her tone heralds a sudden shift. D'Artagnan sees the
text: look in her eyes, can almost feel her lips upon him.
text: But he resists. There is Constance's memory to consider.
text: And midnight as it approaches.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: You're not dangerous.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Then what am I?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: 110 CONTINUED: (3) 110
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: You're... beautiful.
text: Milady covers him with caresses. D'Artagnan resists
text: slightly, but she presses closer, she will not be denied.
text: Milady leans close, runs a fingertip along the line of
text: his jaw. Her dressing gown falls open at the top, enough
text: for d'Artagnan to see her breasts as they press against
text: the silk beneath it. Milady speaks as her finger traces.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Beauty, danger. They are the same.
text: And with that, she reaches up to her hair, an ivory
dialog: comb...
scene_heading: 111 ON D'ARTAGNAN 111
text: He cannot continue. Constance, the hour, a confusion he
dialog: cannot deny.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I'm sorry --
text: D'Artagnan pulls back -- just as Milady's arm arcs down
text: toward his neck, holding a long sharp stick pin, almost a
text: dagger, attached to an ivory comb. D'Artagnan sees it in
text: the nick of time, parries with his free hand, knocking
text: the dagger to the rug. Milady leaps after it, hands out-
text: stretched. D'Artagnan follows, battles for the dagger,
text: stunned with fear and surprise:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: What're you doing?! Have you lost
dialog: your mind?!
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: You came to Calais to stop a spy
dialog: from sailing to England.
text: D'Artagnan nearly chokes on the knowledge. Milady is the
text: messenger he is seeking. He grabs the dagger, rolls to
text: the side. Milady staggers after, the shoulder of her
text: negligee rips open. D'Artagnan sees the soft white flesh,
text: reacts with shock, recognition -- she bears the brand of
text: the fleur de lis. The infamous mark of the murderess.
dialog: Just as Athos told it to him. Not so long ago.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: My God...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 111 CONTINUED: 111
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (crying out)
dialog: Parker!!
text: The chamber door flies open. Henri and Parker, the Indo-
text: Chinese bodyguard, appear. Parker faces d'Artagnan with
text: a half-smile. He holds out his hands, both empty. And
text: steps toward him. D'Artagnan looks at the dagger in his
text: right hand. Then, unwilling to fight the man with an un-
text: fair advantage, he tosses the dagger to the side, steps
dialog: forward to meet him.
text: Parker disposes of d'Artagnan with lightning speed. A
text: series of unexpected kicks, brutally efficient blows.
text: The young man is unfamiliar with, and no match for, the
text: martial arts. Parker hoists d'Artagnan to his feet,
text: dazed. Henri picks up the dagger with bad intentions.
text: Milady straightens her dressing gown, adjusts her hair,
dialog: and commands:
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Kill him.
text: Parker holds him fast. Henri steps forward. And
text: d'Artagnan thinks fast.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: You can kill me. But a surprise
dialog: waits for you in England. That
dialog: even Buckingham can't prevent.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (stops Henri with
dialog: a gesture)
dialog: What... surprise?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: That's one thing I'll never tell
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: D'Artagnan. You are young, vain,
dialog: and foolish. But I do not know
dialog: if you are clever.
text: D'Artagnan's expression reveals nothing. Except to
text: suggest the existence of a secret he is bravely keeping.
text: Duly deceived, though she doesn't know it, Milady changes
dialog: her mind.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: We'll take him with us.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 111 CONTINUED: (2) 111
speaker_heading: MILADY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to d'Artagnan,
text: with a nod at
dialog: Parker)
dialog: Parker will devise ways to
dialog: convince you to share your final
dialog: secret with me. It is a long
dialog: voyage.
text: Milady's eyes show nothing but cold cruelty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 112 INT. INN - UPPER HALL AND LANDING - NEAR DAWN 112
text: Milady emerges from her room, dressed for travel. She is
text: followed by d'Artagnan, now clothed. He is flanked by
text: Henri and Parker. Henri presses the blade of a knife
dialog: against d'Artagnan's side.
speaker_heading: HENRI
text: The bodyguards are waiting outside.
text: Milady leads them down the hall. But when she reaches
text: the landing, and looks at the tavern below... she draws
text: back with surprise.
scene_heading: 113 ANGLE TO INCLUDE MILADY AND HER POV 113
text: The innkeeper, roused from sleep, and wearing a night-
text: shirt, is engaged in urgent conversation with Armand de
text: Winter -- the son of the man Milady killed in Paris. The
text: innkeeper shakes his head. Armand grabs him by the
dialog: collar.
text: D'Artagnan sees Milady's reaction -- surprise, impatience,
text: and just a hint of fear. Milady commands:
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: The back stairs. Hurry!
text: They change directions. As he is pulled away, d'Artagnan
text: catches a glimpse of Armand de Winter below.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 114 EXT. INN - NIGHT 114
text: Milady's coach emerges from the carriage house, speeds
text: away in the direction of the harbor. In the driver's
text: seat, Henri whips the horses, driving them onward.
text: Milady's seven bodyguards follow on horseback.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: 115 INT. CARRIAGE - NIGHT 115
text: D'Artagnan and Parker sit across from Milady. Her face
text: betrays faint doubt, apprehension. Emotions she is not
dialog: used to feeling, let alone displaying to the world around
text: her. D'Artagnan sees his opening... and speaks:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: The man at the inn... what did
dialog: he want?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (hollow laugh)
dialog: Justice. Honor. Revenge.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: He is the brother of my late
dialog: husband, Lord de Winter. He
dialog: blames me for de Winter's death.
dialog: He thinks I murdered him.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Did you murder your husband,
dialog: Milady?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: What do you think?
text: A beat. D'Artagnan studies her pale, beautiful face.
text: Remembers Athos' tale of love and loss.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I think he's not the first husband
dialog: you killed.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: I once knew a man, one of the
dialog: Counts of Berry. He told me a
dialog: story... of beauty and danger.
dialog: He was the bravest man I've ever
dialog: known. And the saddest.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I know...
text: The truth strikes home. Milady cannot conceal it. But
text: she does not react with anger or scorn. D'Artagnan has
dialog: reminded her of the one thing in the world that still
text: touches her heart. D'Artagnan looks at her with a steady
text: gaze. Milady cannot hold it, she turns to the carriage
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. CALAIS - NIGHT 116
text: Milady's carriage turns down a steep lane that leads to
text: the harbor. The fog is so thick that only the masts of
text: the schooners can be seen, poking out of the gloom.
text: Their lanterns glow gloomily. The carriage comes to a
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 117 EXT. HARBOR OF CALAIS - NIGHT 117
text: The lights of the harbor are muted by low-hanging fog.
text: We see the outline of a ship waiting at the pier. Henri
text: helps Milady out of the carriage. D'Artagnan follows.
text: Milady's bodyguards dismount, six of them. A motley
text: bunch of sinister killers. They look around the pier,
dialog: ready for any encounter.
text: D'Artagnan takes in his surroundings. There is a mel-
text: ancholy air about him.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: What's the matter, d'Artagnan?
dialog: Still hoping for your friends to
dialog: ride to the rescue?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: My friends are dead.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Well. If it's any consolation,
dialog: you'll soon be joining them.
text: Milady's return to form does not surprise. Parker shoves
text: d'Artagnan toward the fog-enshrouded ship. A name can be
text: made out on her barnacled hull. Persephone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 118 EXT. PIER - NIGHT 118
text: Henri calls out to the ship, which is little more than an
text: outline in the fog, her boarding gangplank leading to
text: the soupy darkness of her deck.
speaker_heading: HENRI
dialog: We are the Countess de Winter's
dialog: party, arrived from Paris.
dialog: Permission to come aboard.
text: There is no reply. Closely guarded by Parker, d'Artagnan
dialog: strains to see.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Permission granted.
text: Milady nods to Henri. He steps up the narrow gangplank,
text: followed by Milady, d'Artagnan, Parker, and the six
dialog: bodyguards.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 119 EXT. DECK OF THE PERSEPHONE - NIGHT 119
text: The deck is filled with swirling fog. Henri peers into
text: the gloom as he climbs aboard, followed by the others.
text: He addresses one of the crew, a tall figure standing
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: HENRI
dialog: Take us to your captain.
text: The tall figure does not reply, nor does he move. Henri
dialog: demands:
speaker_heading: HENRI
dialog: What are you, deaf?
text: Henri goes to shake the man. He grabs his arm, and the
text: man pitches forward, falling face first on the deck.
text: Henri jumps back in alarm. Milady and the others react.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: What is this?
text: Milady's Bodyguards rush around the deck, confront the
text: other silent silhouettes. They, like the tall figure...
text: are dead. The limp bodies topple at their touch. The
text: Bodyguards shout alarm and panic:
speaker_heading: BODYGUARDS
dialog: Dead! They're all dead!
speaker_heading: PORTHOS (O.S.)
dialog: Well I certainly hope so. After
dialog: all that hard work.
text: That's when Porthos, and Aramis -- come swooping down
text: from above like avenging angels. They swing on the ends
text: of ropes, slicing through the air, then dropping feet
text: first on top of Milady's Bodyguards. D'Artagnan stands
text: open-mouthed, as his three friends draw their swords.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (calling to him)
dialog: You look like you've seen a ghost.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: 119 CONTINUED: 119
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
text: Two of them.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Remind me to tell you the story
dialog: of horses that could fly above
text: raging waters. A heroic tale of
text: love, death, and Musketeers.
dialog: Suitable for the general public.
text: Porthos wades into the Bodyguards, at play, shouting as
dialog: he goes.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: All right then. All those who
dialog: wish to die, raise your hands!
dialog: Don't by shy, there's plenty to
dialog: go around!
text: D'Artagnan grabs a sword from the deck, turns to join
text: the fray. And finds himself face to face with Parker, the
text: Indo-Chinese bodyguard. Parker has two Oriental swords
text: spinning in his hands. One knocks d'Artagnan's sword out
text: of his hand. D'Artagnan does a back flip but falls on
text: the slippery deck. As Parker is about to chop
text: d'Artagnan's head off, his face grimaces as he is lifted
text: on a sword OUT OF FRAME. In the mist Athos is revealed!
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Sorry I'm late. Did I miss
dialog: anything?
text: D'Artagnan almost cries with happiness. He leaps to his
text: feet and embraces Athos.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I thought you were dead.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Keep your mind on the mission,
dialog: d'Artagnan.
text: He winks at d'Artagnan, returns to the fray. D'Artagnan
text: follows. The Musketeers confront Milady's evil Bodyguards
text: in the night and fog. Athos with brutal perfection.
text: Porthos with strange weapons and a healthy sense of the
text: absurd. And Aramis with familiar grace and artistry --
dialog: and a marked determination to disable, not kill, his
dialog: opponents.
text: Milady views the latter with alarm. As the battle rages
text: around her, she retreats into the shadows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: 119 CONTINUED: (2) 119
text: Athos and d'Artagnan find themselves fighting side by
text: side. Athos observes d'Artagnan's technique -- the usual
text: frenetic windmill of feint and thrust -- with a frown.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Boy, it's a miracle you're still
text: alive fighting like that.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: First, always find your enemy's
dialog: weakness. Second, take advantage
dialog: of it. Watch me.
text: One of the Bodyguards, who wears a wooden leg, attacks
text: Athos. Athos kicks the false leg out from under him,
text: knocks him to the deck. D'Artagnan repeats, even as he
text: disables his own foe.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Find the weakness. Take advantage.
dialog: Got it.
text: Aramis kneels at a dying man, delivers muttered last
text: rites. A Bodyguard races INTO VIEW, means to kill him
text: where he kneels. Aramis doesn't miss a beat -- he shifts,
text: rises, delivers a punch and kick, knocking the man off the
text: ship to the water below. A SPLASH is heard. And Aramis
text: resumes a priestly pose, continues the litany.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 120 EXT. PIER - NIGHT 120
text: Two SAILORS, crew members of the Persephone, return to
text: the ship after a night's drunk. They see and hear the
text: mayhem ahead.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: That's our ship...
text: The two Sailors pull out daggers, and bound up the
dialog: gangplank.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 EXT. DECK OF PERSEPHONE - NIGHT 121
text: The two Sailors find themselves in the middle of a wild
text: battle. They look around for someone to assault, see a
text: large Musketeer with his back turned. They charge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
text: Porthos hears them coming, spins. The two Sailors stop
text: in their tracks, eyes popping with horrified recognition.
speaker_heading: BOTH SAILORS
dialog: Porthos the Pirate!!
text: With a collective "yah!" the two Sailors drop their
text: daggers, and flee into the foggy night. Porthos looks
text: about to see if anyone noticed their exit. D'Artagnan
text: grins nearby.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: I told you I was famous.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Porthos the Pirate?
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Privateer. There's a difference.
text: Every Musketeer is running from something or someone.
dialog: D'Artagnan deadpans:
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I love a good sea story. Do tell
dialog: me sometime.
text: Porthos reacts to d'Artagnan's jest. But before he can
text: reply, the youth has bolted back to the fray.
speaker_heading: 122 HIGH ANGLE 122
text: The battle raging aboard the Persephone, sabers flash,
scene_heading: PISTOLS EXPLODE.
scene_heading: 123 BACK TO SCENE 123
text: Athos drives several Bodyguards back with his sword,
text: notices d'Artagnan working his way towards him.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Did you find the Cardinal's spy?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Did you kill him?
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
text: Athos. The spy... is a woman.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: 123 CONTINUED: 123
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: What?
text: Athos turns to d'Artagnan, wonders. And at that moment,
text: sees a figure at the gangplank, swathed in fog and diffuse
text: light. Milady. Time stops as they regard each other
text: across the deck, the battle between.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: No.
text: Milady turns and runs into the night. Athos races after.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 EXT. PIER - NIGHT 124
text: With the speed and grace of a panther, Milady runs down
text: the gangplank, climbs into the saddle of one of her
text: Bodyguard's horses, and gallops off. Athos appears
text: moments later, leaps into the saddle of another horse.
text: And gives chase.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 125 EXT. HARBOR ROAD - NIGHT 125
text: Milady whips her horse, drives it onward. But Athos
text: overtakes, leaps from his saddle, takes her into his arms.
text: They fall to the ground with a crash. Milady grabs the
text: deadly comb from her hair, grips the dagger's handle.
text: Athos, stunned from breaking their fall, rolls to his
text: side. Milady peers at his face, vulnerable in the half-
text: light. And lowers the dagger. She will not kill him.
text: Milady scrambles to her feet, runs toward a dark forest.
text: But Athos stands and shouts:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Stop!!
text: Milady takes a halting step, then turns to face him.
text: Athos holds his musket in a steady hand. A very long
text: beat. Milady takes a step closer. Finally, she whispers,
dialog: with love, with hate:
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Athos.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: How did you do it, Sabine? How
dialog: did you come back from the dead?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: A kind gentleman took pity on me.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I did not.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: No, Count. You were too proud to
dialog: listen to the truth. I learned
dialog: the value of lies soon after.
text: Athos grips the pistol tighter, as if to ward off the
dialog: past and what it brings.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Give me the Cardinal's treaty.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Then I will shoot.
text: Athos cocks the trigger. Milady whispers:
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Be kind. And aim for my heart.
text: Athos' face is a mask of contradiction. He tries to pull
text: the trigger, but it is not in him. Milady recognizes
text: his pain with a nod. She feels it, too. Then, briefly,
text: before she leaves him, Milady speaks softly. The past,
dialog: their love, and where it led them.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I remember... everything.
text: She turns and runs away... directly into the arms of
dialog: Armand de Winter. He has ridden, and he has followed,
text: and he has finally found her here.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Countess de Winter...
text: As d'Artagnan, Porthos, and Aramis arrive on the scene...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 126 INT. INN (CALIAIS) - PUBLIC ROOM - NIGHT 126
text: The public room is empty, save for d'Artagnan and the
text: three Musketeers. They gather around a table. Aramis
text: holds the treaty in his gloved hand. The mood is somber
dialog: and tense.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: 126 CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: The treaty outlines Richelieu's
dialog: plan to forge an alliance with
dialog: Buckingham.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: What about the King?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
text: He is not mentioned directly. But
dialog: the agreement is contingent on a
dialog: 'demonstration' of the Cardinal's
dialog: power.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: A demonstration? What does that
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I don't know.
text: Athos' face grows dark. He has been silent throughout.
text: Now he rises to his feet.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I know someone who does.
text: D'Artagnan, Aramis, and Porthos watch in grim silence as
text: Athos crosses the room to an imposing door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 127 INT. PRIVATE ROOM - NIGHT 127
text: A fire burns in the grate. Milady sits beside it in a
text: chair, staring into the glowing embers. Their hot re-
text: flection dances in her pale blue eyes. There is a KNOCK
text: at the door. Armand de Winter emerges from a dark corner
text: of the room where he has been standing guard with an
text: impassive executioner. He crosses to the door, opens it.
text: And Athos steps inside.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I'd like a word with your
dialog: prisoner.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: (a beat, he nods)
text: She dies at dawn.
text: Athos nods, and steps to Milady, stands before her.
text: Milady stares at the fire, speaks softly, her eyes on the
text: flames.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: 127
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (quietly sardonic)
dialog: Did you come to offer me
dialog: consolation?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: No.
text: Milady turns, looks up to face him.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: There was a time when I would've
dialog: given my life for a kind word.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I could not give it, Sabine.
dialog: I was... a fool.
text: Milady hears the regret in his voice, holds his gaze.
text: Athos indicates Armand in the corner.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Did you kill his brother and his
dialog: father as he says?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (a long beat,
dialog: honest at the
dialog: last)
dialog: I have become... the nightmare
dialog: you once thought me to be.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: But not before. Not us.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: No. The memory will keep me
dialog: company.
text: Athos kneels at her side, near to pleading:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Do you know the Cardinal's plans?
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: Will you spare my life?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: (2) 127
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: (remembering another
dialog: time, another place)
dialog: Society demands swift justice.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: I'll take the secret to my grave.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Sabine. You'll die for your
dialog: crimes. Nothing can stop that.
dialog: But how you leave this world is
dialog: up to you.
text: Milady offers a half-smile, takes his hand in hers.
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: What did the world ever do for me?
text: HOLD ON Athos. Milady's hand in his. All that he is
dialog: feeling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 128 EXT. SEASIDE CLIFFS - NIGHT 128
text: A hundred feet below, waves crash on a rocky shore. On
text: the jagged cliff above, a black mass of trees is outlined
text: against a stormy sky filled with copper-colored clouds,
text: surreal in effect. A sinister procession approaches the
dialog: cliff.
text: Porthos leads Milady. She wears a simple white shift,
text: her hair pulled back into a long braid. She looks years
text: younger, the girl she used to be. The Executioner walks
text: behind them. Followed by Armand de Winter, Aramis,
text: d'Artagnan. And Athos. He watches every step.
text: The procession stops at the cliff's edge.
text: THUNDER RUMBLES. Lightning slashes the sky. The
text: Executioner ties Milady's hands behind her. The
text: Executioner removes a bright scimitar from beneath his
text: cloak. Milady catches Athos' eye. He holds her gaze.
text: He stares at Milady unflinchingly, as if to burn her
text: image into his eyes, so that he might keep it there until
text: the day he dies.
text: Aramis reaches inside his cloak, removes the sacred
text: priestly cloth he carries.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: 128 CONTINUED: 128
text: The Executioner delivers the formal litany:
speaker_heading: EXECUTIONER
dialog: I forgive you for your crimes.
dialog: Die in peace.
text: Athos repeats, whispers:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Die in peace.
text: Aramis comes forward, intones:
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I am the resurrection and the
dialog: life, sayeth the Lord. He that
dialog: believeth in me, though he were
dialog: dead, yet shall he live; and
dialog: whosoever liveth and believeth
dialog: in me shall never die...
text: The Executioner's sharp blade shines in the light of
dialog: dawn.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIONER
dialog: On your knees.
text: Milady kneels, the Executioner steps closer. The tableau
text: silhouetted against a reddish glow on the horizon. The
text: Executioner brushes Milady's braid from her neck,
text: exposing the soft white skin beneath. He raises the
text: scimitar overhead, and just as he is about to bring it
text: down... a cry is heard, torn from the heart:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: No.
text: Athos grabs the Executioner's wrist, and twists the
text: scimitar loose. It falls to the ground.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIONER
dialog: What's this...?
text: Porthos leaps forward, locks his great arms around Athos.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Athos --
text: But Athos breaks free. Milady rises to her feet. Athos
text: rushes to her.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Forgive me, Sabine. Please
dialog: forgive.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: 128 CONTINUED: (2) 128
speaker_heading: MILADY
dialog: I do.
text: The words he could never say, finally spoken. Milady
text: locks eyes with him. Athos' desperate act, the pure
text: feeling it signifies, has given her a kind of release.
dialog: And the strength to face her fate.
speaker_heading: MILADY
text: The Cardinal intends to assassinate
dialog: the King at his birthday celebration
dialog: on Friday.
text: And with that, Milady reaches forward, offers a gentle
text: kiss. Then, as Athos and the others look on, stunned,
text: uncertain... she takes a backward step, finds the
text: cliff's edge... and steps over it. The Executioner
text: rushes to look after. The others follow. Except for
text: Athos, who remains rooted in place, eyes on the
text: distant horizon. A long silence. THUNDER RUMBLES.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIONER
dialog: God's justice be done.
text: D'Artagnan sadly lowers his head. Porthos puts a
text: consoling hand on his shoulder. Aramis stands to the
text: other side, mutters:
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: Amen.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Musketeers.
text: D'Artagnan, Porthos, and Aramis turn. Athos has regained
text: his former self. Stoic, in command. And hiding a broken
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: The King's life in danger. We
dialog: have work to do.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. ROOF OF PALAIS DU CARDINAL (PARIS) - NIGHT 129
text: START CLOSE ON the now familiar portrait of King
text: Louis XIII, usually found hanging behind Richelieu's
text: desk. A SHOT RINGS OUT -- and a blast tears through
text: the painting, leaving a smoking hole where the King's
dialog: heart should be.
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: 130 ANOTHER ANGLE 130
text: REVEALS Richelieu and Rochefort as they walk across the
text: roof to the painting, appraise the damage. Thie Cardinal
text: pokes a long finger into the hole.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Impressive.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: He can do it every time.
text: Rochefort signals approval to a solitary marksman
text: positioned far away on one of the roof parapets. The
text: marksman rises from a shooter's crouch, bows curtly,
text: and begins to reload his musket.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: And he has no qualms about...
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: None. He believes that man should
dialog: honor no Kings before God.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: A man of faith. How delightful.
dialog: (turns back to
dialog: the painting)
dialog: Whatever you're paying him, double
dialog: it. I want the King's birthday to
dialog: be a memorable event. And rehang
dialog: this painting in my chamber. Just
dialog: as it is.
text: HOLD ON Richelieu for a beat. Framed by a sky filled
text: with stars. His evil intent.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 131 DAWN 131
text: breaks. MUSIC UP, and...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 132 EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE - DAY 132
text: D'Artagnan and the three Musketeers thunder through on
text: horseback. Pedestrians scurry to get out of their way.
text: As they ride past, Porthos raises a crossbow and fires
text: it. The arrow slices through the air with a terrible
text: hum and imbeds itself on the public wall. Attached to
text: the arrow is a piece of parchment, like the one in
text: d'Artagnan's father's study. It reads: All For One,
dialog: And One For All.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. ANOTHER VILLAGE - DAY 133
text: A CAPTAIN in the Cardinal's Guard makes a public
text: pronouncement from horseback outside a cathedral.
text: Townspeople are gathered around.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: ... the aforenamed Musketeers are
dialog: declared outlaws and are sentenced
dialog: to death. Any person sheltering
dialog: or aiding them will be hanged --
text: HOOFBEATS interrupt. The Captain turns in irritation.
text: And Porthos and Aramis ride to either side, snatch the
text: man up by the arms, drag him briefly through the air,
text: and deposit him with a thud against a hitching post.
text: The Captain, stunned, looks down at the piece of
text: parchment now attached to his chest. All For One, And
dialog: One For All.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 134 INT./EXT. VARIOUS SCENES - DAY 134
text: As the word is passed to Musketeers in homes and
text: pastures, brothels and gaming casinos. Galvanizing them
dialog: into action. All For One, And One For All.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 135 EXT. PARIS - DAY 135
text: The city as SEEN FROM the hills. A glorious sunny day.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 136 EXT. LOUVRE - DAY 136
text: The citizens of Paris move through the streets. They
text: share a common destination, the Palace. A festive mood
text: is in the air. And why not, it is the King's birthday.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 137 INT. LOUVRE - GREAT HALL AND THRONE ROOM - DAY 137
text: A gathering of nobles and ladies, all in full ceremonial
text: dress. Rochefort is there as well, the familiar eye
text: patch, in command of the Cardinal's Guards. A Seneschal
text: waits at the door with two flanking lines of trumpeteers.
text: The trumpeteers raise their instruments and blow a royal
dialog: blast.
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: 138 ENTRANCE DOORS 138
text: Louis, Queen Anne, and their retinue enter from a
text: corridor, proceed slowly across the room toward the
text: balcony that overlooks the waiting crowd outside.
text: Noblemen bow, and their ladies curtsy as the King and
text: Queen pass. Constance, dressed for the occasion, looks
text: on from the sidelines, smiles. The King and Queen
text: proceed, two teenagers with the world at the feet.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: They look... happy.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: Hungry, more likely.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Still, you were right about the
dialog: celebration. And when the Cardinal
dialog: told me how much it meant to you...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I said nothing.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: But... ?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: The Cardinal expressed in
dialog: confidence how much the celebration
dialog: would mean to you...
text: Both pause to consider the manipulation.
scene_heading: 139 INT. ANTEROOM - DAY 139
text: Richelieu stands in an anteroom just off the procession,
text: he watches the King and Queen as they walk, speaks
dialog: quietly, to himself:
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: I'm not sure which is sadder... to
dialog: die so young. Or to die a King.
text: Richelieu turns from the procession. Speaks to Rochefort
text: who pauses in the shadowy alcove behind him.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: France will not go wanting. A new
dialog: King will sit on the throne. The
dialog: true King after all...
text: He says it quiet fervor, the dream at long last within
text: reach. Then, as if to reassure:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Is everything ready?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Yes, Your Eminence.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: I'd stake my life on it, Your
dialog: Eminence.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: (a dark beat)
dialog: Rest assured, Captain. You have.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 140 EXT. GROUNDS OUTSIDE LOUVRE - DAY 140
text: The balcony has been colorfully decorated. The crowd
text: focuses its attention on the empty space where the King
text: will soon appear. Below, the entrance to the Palace is
text: protected by a double line of the Cardinal's Guards,
text: resplendent in their crimson tunics. It would take an
text: army to get past them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 141 EXT. NEAR LOUVRE - DAY 141
text: The streets leading to the Palace are clogged with
text: people, all pushing and straining to get closer.
text: D'Artagnan and the three Musketeers arrive on horseback,
text: are forced to dismount. They push through the crowd,
text: trying to reach the Palace, afraid that they will be too
text: late. Athos barks orders as they struggle forward:
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: (to d'Artagnan)
text: Look through the surrounding area.
dialog: We'll try to reach the King...
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: But...?
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Go!
text: Athos and the others press on. D'Artagnan, a little
text: disappointed to be left behind, pauses, checks the
text: buildings that loom overhead. Then he starts, reacts
text: with shock and surprise.
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: 142 D'ARTAGNAN'S POV 142
text: The bell tower of the Carmes-Deschaux monastery. A
text: figure moving about, dimly-viewed, but this much is
text: clear. The man is not a monk. And he is carrying a
text: musket in his hands.
scene_heading: 143 BACK TO SCENE 143
text: D'Artagnan turns to alert the Musketeers. Too late, they
text: have already vanished into the throng. D'Artagnan takes
text: off running for the monastery.
scene_heading: 144 BELL TOWER 144
text: HIGH ABOVE the swelling scene. The marksman assumes a
text: crouching position, raises his musket, and trains it on
text: the empty balcony where the King is soon to appear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 145 INT. LOUVRE - GREAT HALL AND THRONE ROOM - DAY 145
text: Louis and Anne continue toward the balcony. Richelieu
text: trails the royal couple. He nods to Rochefort in
text: passing. They exchange significant smiles. Anne spots
text: the smirk on Rochefort's face. He resumes a supplicant
text: pose. Anne glances back, Richelieu behind them.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I do not trust him.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: I'm not sure who to trust.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Then we will discover the truth
dialog: together.
text: Louis likes the sound of that. They step side by side
text: toward the balcony.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 146 INT. STEEPLE - DAY 146
text: Bell ropes, hundreds of feet long, dangle down the
text: vertiginous shaft. D'Artagnan races up the narrow,
text: circular stairs. Above him is the open trap to the bell
text: tower. He catches a glimpse of the marksman, back
text: turned, taking aim.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: 147 IN CROWD BELOW 147
text: Athos, Porthos, and Aramis push their way through the
text: crowd, trying desperately to reach the Palace entrance.
text: But the throng is impenetrable. Athos turns, wonders.
text: And shoots a worried look at the bell tower of the
text: Carmes-Deschaux, looming against the sky, as if to intuit
text: the danger lurking there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 148 EXT. LOUVRE - BALCONY - DAY 148
text: Louis and Anne lead the procession to the doors of the
text: balcony. The crowd roars and the TRUMPETS BLARE. The
text: King steps into the sunlight. The Queen follows, then
dialog: Richelieu. The three most important people in France
text: stand together, acknowledging the clamoring multitudes.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. BELL TOWER - DAY 149
text: The marksman takes careful aim. The cheering down below
text: is like a faint whisper at this altitude. The marksman
text: cocks the hammer of his flinklock.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 150 INT. STEEPLE - DAY 150
text: D'Artagnan hears the click of the musket's hammer, and
text: knows he must act now. He looks around and sees his
text: chance. D'Artagnan leaps off the stairs and grabs a
text: handful of rope, using his weight to RING the BELL
text: overhead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 151 EXT. BELL TOWER - DAY 151
text: The BIG BELL makes a resounding, ear-splitting CLANG --
text: causing the marksman's SHOT to go wild.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 152 EXT. LOUVRE - BALCONY - DAY 152
text: The SHOT misses the King and EXPLODES INTO the WALL an
text: inch from his head. Louis turns to Richelieu -- sees
text: anger and disappointment flash on the Cardinal's face.
text: Just for an instant... but it is enough.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: 153 INT./EXT. LOUVRE - DAY 153
text: Pandemonium, inside and outside the Palace. Athos,
text: Porthos, and Aramis emerge from the crowd at the entrance,
text: draw their swords, and prepare to rush the long line of
text: Guards protecting the doors. The Guards cannot believe
text: what they are seeing. Three men against a hundred. It's
text: ridiculous. But then... the looks on Guards' faces begin
text: to change, subtly at first, from amusement to horror.
speaker_heading: 154 THEIR POV 154
text: Behind Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, something incredible
text: happens. Musketeers appear from every direction. Some
text: from the surrounding crowd. Some from buildings, roof-
text: tops. Others appear on horseback, a few disguised as
text: monks. And all defiantly wearing their blue and gold
dialog: tunics.
text: The murmur of the crowd becomes an excited roar. The
text: corps of Musketeers line up behind Athos, Porthos, and
text: Aramis. Porthos and Aramis exchange a smile. Athos
text: keeps his usually dour expression. But his eyes are
text: charged with excitement. They raise their arms, and
text: face the long line of Guards. A hundred sabers flash in
dialog: the sunlight.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Save the King!!
text: The Musketeers charge. It is a glorious sight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 155 EXT. BELL TOWER - DAY 155
text: D'Artagnan scrambles up through the trapdoor, and tackles
text: the marksman. As the BELL CONTINUES TO CLANG, they fight
text: hand-to-hand. The marksman forces d'Artagnan toward the
text: edge of the tower. Two hundred feet to the ground below.
text: They remain deadlocked for a beat, the marksman inching
text: d'Artagnan backward, certain death behind him. And at
text: the last moment, d'Artagnan summons up the strength of
text: three -- and shoves the marksman backward with a resound-
dialog: ing kick.
text: The marksman stumbles, falls through the open trapdoor,
text: and plunges to his death.
text: D'Artagnan peers down the shaft. There's a faint CRASH
text: as the marksman hits bottom. Utilizing the bell ropes
text: like a fireman's pole, d'Artagnan grabs hold and slides
text: down into the abyss.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: 156 INT. GREAT HALL AND THRONE ROOM - DAY 156
text: Pandemonium reigns. Rochefort instructs his Guards to
text: close the huge door to the great hall. The members of
text: the King's royal court run in panicked circles, convinced
text: the palace is under seige. Constance pauses amid the
text: riot, seeks the Queen.
text: But Richelieu has found her first. He steps to Anne,
text: assumes an air of priestly innocence.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Your Majesty...
text: But Louis steps INTO VIEW, puts a protecting arm around
dialog: his wife, speaks stern command:
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Leave us... alone.
text: That's when a loud BOOM rocks the room.
scene_heading: 157 ANOTHER ANGLE 157
text: The great door shudders under the impact of a terrific
text: blow. Another BOOM and the great hall is plunged into
text: further chaos. The regiment of Guards rush forward,
text: press their bodies against the door to secure it.
text: BOOM -- the great door threatens to split in half.
text: Richelieu huddles with Rochefort amid the rising panic.
text: His eyes narrow to mean slits, he gestures toward Louis
text: and Anne across the room.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: (a cold whisper)
dialog: Kill him. Kill her, too.
text: Rochefort draws d'Artagnan's sword from its sheath. He
text: advances on Louis and Anne. Louis has witnessed the
text: latter, treason confirmed. He raises his own sword,
dialog: prepared to protect his Queen. To die for her if
dialog: necessary.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (to Anne)
dialog: Get behind me.
text: Rochefort takes confident steps toward the King. But
text: one last BOOM and the great DOOR comes CRASHING down on
text: the Guards, revealing a tide of Musketeers on the other
text: side. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis at the lead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: 157 CONTINUED: 157
text: Louis breaks into a wide grin. The Musketeers wade into
text: the Guards, and the great hall is transformed into a bat-
text: tlefield. Rochefort turns, sees Athos charging at him.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Greetings, Monsieur Cyclops. Are
dialog: we interrupting?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: Not for long.
text: Athos and Rochefort lock swords and duel.
speaker_heading: 158 BATTLE 158
text: Musketeers surround Louis and Anne to ward off attack.
text: But the young King has no intention of being protected.
text: He wades to the fore, fights side by side with his
text: Musketeers. Anne watches him with a host of emotions.
text: Respect, admiration... love. Louis pauses to return her
text: gaze, then returns to battle.
text: Constance dashes through the fray. She sees a Guard
text: slip behind a curtain, approach the Queen. She grabs a
text: heavy goblet, shouts:
speaker_heading: CONSTANCE
dialog: Look out!
text: Anne looks up. Constance tosses the goblet to her. Anne
text: catches it neatly, brings it down on the head of the
text: hapless Guard. Constance smiles, leaps forward.
text: Aramis cuts down a Guard. As another man comes at him
text: from behind, Porthos intervenes, runs the man through.
text: The two Musketeers pause to exchange deadpan thanks,
dialog: and continue.
text: Athos and Rochefort slash at each other. It is a mighty
text: confrontation. But Athos soon gains the upper hand.
text: Rochefort shouts to a nearby Guard for help. Now it's
text: two on one. Athos receives a wound in the shoulder, he
text: staggers... and the treaty falls from his tunic to the
text: floor. Rochefort reacts with a start, he grabs the
text: treaty, stuffs it into his doublet. Athos shakes off
text: the sudden pain, disposes of the Guard. Rochefort and
text: Athos face each other a second time. Athos wounded,
text: Rochefort confident he can finish the injured Musketeer.
text: But Athos merely changes sword hands. Rochefort reacts.
text: Their SABERS CLASH as they draw together. Rochefort
text: grabs a dagger from his belt with his free hand. But
text: Athos sees it coming, and smashes Rochefort across the
text: face with his fist.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: 158 CONTINUED: 158
text: Rochefort goes sprawling. He loses his sword, it slides
text: across the floor until someone's foot stops it.
text: Rochefort looks up... and sees d'Artagnan standing on
dialog: the blade.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: This sword belongs to me.
text: D'Artagnan stoops to pick up his long-lost sword. He
text: tosses his other saber to Rochefort, who catches it
text: neatly. Athos watches from a short distance, knows
text: this moment belongs to d'Artagnan. He will not intervene.
text: But he shouts:
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: D'Artagnan. Kill him where he
dialog: stands.
text: These are d'Artagnan's words. A son vowing to avenge the
text: death of his father. D'Artagnan wonders. Rochefort
dialog: confirms.
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: By all means. Let's discover if
dialog: you are as brave a man as your
dialog: father was. And as foolish.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (stunned by the
dialog: revelation as it
dialog: unfolds)
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: He died for his King and for
dialog: France. But most of all... he
dialog: died on the end of my sword.
dialog: (the final curse)
dialog: As will you.
text: Rochefort smiles a taunt. D'Artagnan raises his sword,
text: whispers to heaven.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: This is for you, Father.
text: Then, eyes blazing, d'Artagnan attacks Rochefort with
text: everything he's got, driving him into an adjoining
dialog: chamber.
scene_heading: 159 ANGLE TO INCLUDE CHAMBER 159
text: A FIRE ROARS in a great stone hearth. Its light pro-
text: jects giant shadows on the wall as d'Artagnan and
text: Rochefort duel, slashing at each other.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: 160 GREAT HALL 160
text: Athos, Porthos, and Aramis take the fight to the
text: Cardinal's Guards. Each with his by-now familiar
text: tradmarks. King Louis fighting beside them.
scene_heading: 161 D'ARTAGNAN AND ROCHEFORT 161
text: They battle before the blazing fire, sweat covers their
text: faces. Rochefort wears a wolfish grin. But d'Artagnan
text: has learned his lessons well. He attacks with gusto.
text: Rochefort's grin soon turns toward desperation. He
text: cannot match the boy's vengeful steel. So he drives a
text: knee into d'Artagnan's groin. D'Artagnan falls to the
text: floor. Rochefort means to finish him there. But
text: d'Artagnan rolls away from the blade, leaps back to his
text: feet. Undaunted, he hurls himself at his hated opponent.
text: Rochefort sidesteps, throws d'Artagnan against a wall.
text: He pins him there, stunning the youth. And hisses with
dialog: superior disdain:
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: One thing's certain. You're no
dialog: Musketeer.
dialog: But d'Artagnan remembers Athos' advice. "Always find
text: your enemy's weakness." He shoves a thumb into
text: Rochefort's good eye. Rochefort stumbles backward.
text: D'Artagnan plunges his sword into Monsieur Cyclops's
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: Take it back...?
speaker_heading: ROCHEFORT
dialog: I might... have been... mistaken.
text: Rochefort crumples to the floor, dead. D'Artagnan looks
text: at Rochefort's blood on his sword. His father's death
text: finally avenged. That's when he hears the RUSTLE of a
text: SILKEN ROBE. D'Artagnan pivots, sees Richelieu kneeling
text: at Rochefort's body... extracting the treaty from his
dialog: doublet.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: No!!
text: Richelieu smiles, hurls the treaty into the blazing
text: fireplace. As the flames begin to lick at the parchment
text: paper, d'Artagnan flies past the Cardinal, and dives
text: after to retrieve it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: 161 CONTINUED: 161
text: Athos, Porthos, and Aramis enter the room. D'Artagnan
text: stumbles out of the fireplace, covered with soot,
text: clutching the treaty. He grins. ON d'Artagnan's look
dialog: of triumph...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 162 INT. GREAT HALL AND THRONE ROOM - DAY 162
text: A short time later. The battle is over. The Musketeers
text: have won. On the dais, Louis and Anne confront Richelieu
text: who is a prisoner now, guarded by several Musketeers.
text: Louis holds the recovered treaty in his hands.
text: D'Artagnan and the three Musketeers stand nearby.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Your Majesty, that document is an
dialog: obvious forgery. I am clearly the
dialog: victim of a conspiracy designed
dialog: and perpetuated by these three
dialog: Musketeers.
text: Richelieu assumes a trustworthy pose, one familiar to
dialog: both King and Queen.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: This is a complicated matter,
dialog: Your Eminence, affecting both
dialog: France and the crown...
text: A beat. As all wonder if Richelieu will manage to elude
text: blame after all. But Louis continues with quiet author-
text: ity, just a trace of humor. As King, and as a man.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And so, until such time as I and
dialog: my advisors --
dialog: (gestures toward
dialog: Anne; the
dialog: Musketeers)
dialog: -- can determine the whole truth
dialog: of the matter. I invite you to
dialog: await our decision in the comfort
dialog: of... the Bastille.
text: Musketeers close in around the Cardinal. He fumes,
dialog: protests.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: You can't do this to me. I'm the
dialog: Cardinal of France.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: 162 CONTINUED: 162
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: (never more certain)
dialog: And I am its King.
text: Shouts of "Long live the King! Long live the King!"
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: And as King... I hereby reinstate
dialog: the Musketeers.
text: A tremendous cheer is heard from all. Richelieu is led
text: from the room. He pauses in front of d'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: RICHELIEU
dialog: Congratulations, Monsieur
dialog: d'Artagnan. I'll be keeping an
dialog: eye on you.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: (unphased)
dialog: Thank you, Your Eminence. I'll
dialog: be watching you, too.
text: Richelieu smiles his crocodile smile. Followed by
text: guards, he turns and strides away, hands clasped behind
text: his back, scarlet robes billowing behind him.
text: Louis turns to the Musketeers. He indicates d'Artagnan.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Is this the young man who saved
dialog: my life?
text: Porthos puts a hand on d'Artagnan's shoulder.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: His name's d'Artagnan, Sire.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Approach, d'Artagnan.
text: D'Artagnan's heart pounds as he draws closer to King and
text: Queen. Then he remembers, reaches into his doublet. And
text: turns to the Queen.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I have something that belongs to
dialog: ... Your Majesty...
dialog: D'Artagnan produces the bracelet he found on the country
text: road. He holds it out to her. The King wonders, the
text: Queen smiles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: 162 CONTINUED: (2) 162
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Thank you, d'Artagnan. But the
dialog: bracelet does not belong to me.
dialog: (off his look)
text: It belongs to her.
text: Anne indicates Constance, who steps forward, INTO VIEW.
text: D'Artagnan and Constance lock eyes for the third time.
dialog: The thrill of recognition, the promise of romance,
text: charges between. D'Artagnan slips the bracelet around
text: her wrist. Constance kisses him on the cheek. Louis
dialog: continues:
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: D'Artagnan, I am in your debt.
dialog: What can I do to repay the courage
dialog: you've shown me? Anything,
dialog: D'Artagnan. Whatever your heart
dialog: desires...
text: D'Artagnan knows what he wants. But he is tongue-tied,
text: unable to ask for it. Athos asks for him.
speaker_heading: ATHOS
dialog: Majesty, his heart has only one
dialog: desire. To become a Musketeer.
text: D'Artagnan looks at Athos, thankful for the intercession.
text: Louis answers with pleasure.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
text: Then kneel, d'Artagnan.
text: D'Artagnan drops to his knees. Louis lays the blade of
text: his sword on each of his shoulders.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: The world is an uncertain realm,
dialog: filled with danger. Truth
text: despoiled by broken promises.
text: Honor undermined by the pursuit
dialog: of gold. Freedom sacrificed when
dialog: the weak are oppressed by the
dialog: strong. But there are those who
dialog: oppose these powerful forces.
dialog: Those who dedicate their lives to
dialog: truth, honor, and freedom. They
dialog: are a constant reminder to all of
dialog: us. That such a life is not just
dialog: possible, but necessary to our
dialog: continued survival. As a country,
dialog: as a King. These men are known as
dialog: the Musketeers...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136.
speaker_heading: 162 CONTINUED: (3) 162
text: As Louis speaks, D'Artagnan closes his eyes; countless
text: images rush through his mind. His home in Gascony,
text: Constance and Queen Anne on the country road, his first
text: encounters with Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, their
dialog: adventures together, the face of Milady. It's been a
dialog: busy week.
speaker_heading: LOUIS
dialog: Rise, d'Artagnan. And join them.
dialog: Musketeer.
text: D'Artagnan stands, transformed from boy to man. BELLS
text: RING in the distance. Constance smiles brightly, tears
text: gleam in her eyes. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis surround
text: their young friend, and happily present him with the
text: bright blue tunic of the Musketeers. They slip the tunic
text: over d'Artagnan's head, react with a cheer. D'Artagnan
text: hugs each of the three. For each has given him gifts
dialog: more valuable than gold.
dialog: Porthos, Aramis, and last... Athos. Who, to the surprise
text: of all who know him... smiles.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Do my eyes deceive me?
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: I find it hard to believe myself.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
text: His lips, unused as they are to
text: such a contortion, twisted and
text: stretched... into a smile.
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: It was spectacular. And what
dialog: teeth.
text: D'Artagnan basks in their company, wonders aloud.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: I know this is a stupid question.
dialog: But what exactly does a Musketeer
dialog: do?
text: Porthos and Aramis exchange a glance. They're not so
dialog: sure themselves.
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Truth... honor...
speaker_heading: ARAMIS
dialog: (helpfully suggests
dialog: a third)
dialog: And freedom.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 137.
speaker_heading: 162 CONTINUED: (4) 162
speaker_heading: PORTHOS
dialog: Weren't you listening?
speaker_heading: 163 HIGH ANGLE 163
dialog: The Three Musketeers -- no, make that the four
text: Musketeers -- raise their swords, and clash blades
text: together, causing them to give off sparks.
speaker_heading: D'ARTAGNAN
dialog: All for one...
speaker_heading: OTHERS
dialog: ... And one for all!!
text: MUSIC SOARS. The curtain falls.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
