speaker_heading: ALCC VE
speaker_heading: ENTERTAINMENT
speaker_heading: THE DOUBLE
dialog: by
dialog: Richard Ayoade and Avi Korine
dialog: (Based on an original idea by Avi Korine)
dialog: Alcove Entertainment
dialog: St. Georges House
dialog: 6th Floor,
dialog: 15, Hanover Square
speaker_heading: London, W1S 1HS
speaker_heading: +44 (0)207 409 1990
dialog: info@alcoveentertainment.com
dialog: www.alcoveentertainment.com
dialog: Alcove Entertainment developed in association with Film4
dialog: © Channel 4 Television Corporation and Alcove Entertainment Limited
speaker_heading: ONE
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN- VERY EARLY MORNING
text: CLOSE on SIMON JAMES. His eyes are closed. It is difficult
text: to tell whether he is asleep or not.
text: We hear a voice off screen.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You're in my place.
text: SIMON opens his eyes. He looks up.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You're in my place.
text: SIMON looks around the carriage. It is almost completely
text: EMPTY.
text: He looks back at the MAN quizzically. The MAN stares at
text: SIMON in a hostile manner.
text: Perplexed, SIMON gets up and stands by a hand rail. The MAN
text: takes SIMON’S place, folds,out a newspaper and starts to
text: read. SIMON looks at the MAN who, from behind his paper,
text: raises his middle finger at SIMON. SIMON looks at his
text: reflection in the glass window of the SUBWAY train. He
text: looks ghostly and half-formed.
text: SIMON is in his late-twenties to mid-thirties. He is of
text: average height and build. His hair color and clothing are
text: unremarkable. Although he is handsome, he is not overly so.
text: In“short, “he is a thoroughly average man.
text: The title appears over Simon’s face, so forlorn it almost
text: makes you want to cry. “THE DOUBLE.”
text: The train stops and the door opens.
text: A crowd of people spills in, pushing Simon back. He fights
text: against the flow to try to get out. Several people bump
text: directly into Simon without so much as a word of apology.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (being pushed)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Simon waits for the others to get on the train. His path
text: finally clear, he attempts to leave again.
text: As he steps forward one last person jumps onto the train
text: bumping him to the side.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: The person doesn’t even acknowledge Simon.
text: There is a beep and Simon has to leap forward, barely
text: making it out through the sliding doors. As the train
text: departs, we see SIMON getting smaller and smaller on the
scene_heading: EMPTY PLATFORM.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - VERY EARLY MORNING
dialog: We are in New York, or some comparable metropolis. Though
text: everything is familiar the world is somewhat off, somewhat
dialog: strange.
text: Simon walks down a MOSTLY EMPTY street, keeping his eyes
text: lowered. There are huge buildings on either side of him.
text: Any other people on the street are walking in the other
text: direction and Simon has to dodge them to avoid collisions.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: SIMON waits outside AN ENORMOUS OFFICE, BUILDING. It’s
text: relatively deserted.
text: TIME PASSES and a few people, come and go.
text: Eventually, SIMON spots. a woman, HANNAH, approaching the
text: LOBBY of the building. SIMON smiles, then composes himself
text: and skips after. her.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE LOBBY - EARLY MORNING
text: Simon enters the lobby of the office building. A few steps
text: ahead we see HANNAH. She is using a card to swipe through a
dialog: barrier.
text: Hannah is Simon’s age. She is a little unkempt, but very
dialog: pretty.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Hannah, are you going to...
text: Simon smiles and quickens his pace a bit. He takes out his
text: card, and swipes through, but the barrier doesn’t move.
text: A GUARD sitting behind a large marble desk calls out to
text: Simon just as Hannah begins to turn around.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You, hey.
text: Simon turns and looks at the guard, surprised to be singled
text: out. He looks a little nervous.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: All visitors have to sign in.
text: Simon moves to the desk where he takes a pen.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: My card’s not working for some
dialog: reason.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: All visitors have to sign in.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I work here. I have a card. My
dialog: name is Simon James - you don’t
dialog: recognise me?
text: He sees Hannah getting into an elevator and watches=the
text: door close.
text: Simon frowns and signs the sheet. His is the first name.
text: He is given a DAY PASS that says ‘SIMON AMES - TEMPORARY
speaker_heading: VISITOR’.
speaker_heading: SIMON .(CONT’D)
dialog: Oh, sorry. My name is Simon
dialog: James. Not Simon,Ames...
text: Simon trails off as he sees that the guard is no longer
text: paying attention to him.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR — EARLY MORNING
text: Simon rides up an enormous elevator. The biggest elevator
dialog: you have ever seen.
text: We watch Simon from above as he STANDS ALONE in the middle.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - EARLY MORNING
text: Simon sits at his cubicle in the middle of an enormous
text: office space. The place is separated into hundreds of
text: cubicles. SIMON is the first person there.
text: His desk and cubicle are just slightly too small for him.
text: Every cubicle has the same computer.
text: The computers are enormous, taking up half of the cubicle
text: space. They are box-y and make loud whirring noises that
dialog: fi11 the office.
text: The office has no windows other than wall made of tinted
dialog: glass.
dialog: 4.
text: Simon sits down at his desk, adjusting himself in his too
text: small chair.
text: He looks at a stack of paper and frowns a little.
text: A few people enter the office dressed as Simon is, with a
text: white shirt and tie. Simon looks up and greets them with
text: his slight, hesitant voice, but none of them acknowledge
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - LATER
text: All the cubicles are now full with office workers. Everyone
text: is much, much older than Simon. Simon sits at his desk,
text: copying a hand-written page onto his computer. The pages
text: are all questionnaires: long survey-like documents of
dialog: various people, filled with categories like ‘profession",
dialog: ‘marital status’, ‘personal habits’, ‘interests’ etc
text: Simon finishes up the page he is copying and moves,to the
text: next page. He has nearly completed copying an, enormous
dialog: batch.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Simon stares off into the distance. He occasionally pecks
text: something out on his keyboard.
text: Across the room we see MR. PAPADOPOULOS, an extraordinarily
text: round man. He has thick eyebrows and his brown suit
text: indicates that he is in management.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: That’s right, that’s great.
dialog: Making the big push!
text: Simon jumps up and approaches Mr. Papadopoulos. He fixes
text: his hair and grabs the stack of papers he has just
text: completed “copying.
text: Papadopoulos talks to everyone and no one at all as he
text: weaves his way through the maze of cubicles.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS (CONT’D)
dialog: Excellent work everyone. We've
dialog: got to work double-time now,
dialog: making the big push.
text: We watch from above as Simon, carrying his stack of papers,
text: triangulates his way through the cubicles to cut off Mr.
dialog: Papadopoulos.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Excuse me. Umm, Mr. Papadopoulos?
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Yes, what’s that?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I wanted to tell you I finished
dialog: up. I’ve done the first...
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Excellent job!
dialog: (he takes the stack
dialog: of paper from Simon)
dialog: That's the type of initiative we
dialog: need. I’1l tell the colonel right
dialog: away. How long have you been
dialog: here, son? Just started, eh?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: Seven years, sir.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Ah, of course.
text: (slaps his head with
dialog: realization)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (confused)
dialog: You're welcome, sir.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Actually, I have some rather
dialog: exciting ideas I‘4ve been wanting
dialog: to share with the colonel about
dialog: what we could do with the
dialog: computers, things that would make
dialog: the reports much more powerful,
dialog: and efficient and...
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Very interesting, I must say.
dialog: (pauses )
dialog: Come with me.
text: Simon follows Papadopoulos. He seems a bit startled and
text: excited, he might get his chance to discuss his ideas.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS (CONT’D)
dialog: My daughter’s name is Melanie.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (confused)
dialog: A nice name.
text: Papadopoulos has now stopped at a strange office behind the
text: tinted glass. The door says, “The Colonel’s Quarters.
dialog: Executive Offices.”
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
text: She's interning for the holidays.
dialog: 6.
text: MELANIE is sixteen years old. She smacks her gum, has her
text: foot up on the desk and is painting her toenails.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS (CONT’D)
dialog: Say hello, Melanie.
text: Melanie doesn’t even look at Simon.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Stanley here’s going to be your
dialog: mentor.
text: Simon nods along happily for a moment, then looks at
dialog: Papadopoulos.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: An hour a day... at your
dialog: discretion.
dialog: (beat, quietly to
dialog: Simon)
dialog: She's a good girl, but no head
dialog: for figures.
text: With that Papadopoulos enters the strange office.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Idiot.
speaker_heading: (to SIMON)
dialog: You can go now.
text: Simon remains, looking confused.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes, I do have to be going, I
dialog: suppose.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Because if I were to find out how
dialog: depressingly meaningless what you
dialog: do actually is I might be forced
dialog: to feel sorry for you.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE ROOM - LATER
text: Simon searches his wallet for a dollar. He can only find a
text: five. He uses the change machine and picks up the heavy
dialog: load of quarters.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE ROOM - LATER
text: Simon sips his coffee and stares blankly ahead.
text: He sees a POSTER on the notice board that says, ‘THE
scene_heading: COLONEL’S BALL. DRINKS, DANCING, ENJOYMENT. ATTENDANCE
scene_heading: MANDATORY. ’
text: Harris enters the room. He looks through his wallet for a
text: moment before turning to talk to Simon.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: You finished your report yet?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Just a little while ago.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: You think you could help me out
dialog: on mine?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I did the entire thing last time.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I know. I still have the
dialog: inspiration, it’s just my powers
dialog: of concentration seem to have
dialog: waned.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (shaking, head)
dialog: Just leave it on my desk. I’1l
dialog: get to it.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Do you have any money?
text: SIMON sighs and gives HARRIS some coins for the machine. He
text: makes a coffee.
speaker_heading: HARRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Fantastic.
dialog: (hesitates, not much
dialog: to say)
dialog: Uh, what else is going on?
speaker_heading: SIMON SHRUGS.
speaker_heading: HARRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You going to the Colonel’s Ball?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It’s mandatory.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Some drunk girl’s gonna get it.
text: There’s a pause.
speaker_heading: HARRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: See ya.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY
text: SIMON stands with a large stack of paper under his arm.
scene_heading: INT. PHOTOCOPYING DEPT.
text: SIMON waits at the counter. He sees HANNAH approach.
text: Hannah's face is hard to read and she doesn’t give out to
text: many visual clues. She’s different than the rest of Simon’s
text: coworkers, but inscrutable.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Hi. Can I get these copied
dialog: please?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (not unkindly)
dialog: I did these for you yesterday,
dialog: didn’t I?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Well, it was something...
text: A TELEPHONE RINGS. HANNAH steps away to answer.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Sorry.
text: A MEAN-LOOKING woman, LIZ, TAKES her place.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Why didn’t you just print out two
dialog: copies?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Sorry...
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: You shouldn’t use this department
dialog: for just one copy.
text: She takes the papers.
speaker_heading: LIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the last time.
text: SIMON watches HANNAH talk on the phone as we hear the
text: rumble of PHOTOCOPIERS.
speaker_heading: LIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Hannah. Can you stay late?
dialog: I’ve got to get this lump checked
dialog: out.
text: HANNAH looks over and nods.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Simon sits alone at a circular table in the middle of an
text: enormous cafeteria.
text: People sit together at tables all around him, while Simon
text: barely touches his food and reads a book.
text: Simon looks up from the book and sees Hannah also sitting
text: alone at a nearby table.
text: HARRIS sidles up beside him.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: You hit it yet?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: That chick, Hannah, you banged
dialog: her yet?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'm just trying...
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: That’s the spirit!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: No! I’ve barely talked to her...
speaker_heading: HARRIS
text: Make a move at the Colonel’s
dialog: Ball. Those things end up like
dialog: Roman orgies.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: She doesn’t strike me as the type
dialog: to go.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: It’s mandatory. Everyone has to
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Not everyone goes.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: She's pretty good looking, but as
dialog: long as you don’t talk much and
dialog: she’s wasted...
text: They sit in silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: HARRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, I just realised: ‘Colonel's
dialog: Ball’ sounds funny.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - EARLY EVENING
text: Simon sits at his desk. He looks very tired. He is talking
text: on the phone.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, mother. I’ll be there. I’m
dialog: just working a bit late.
text: THE OFFICE is empty. HARRIS enters.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Goodbye, then.
speaker_heading: HARRIS,
dialog: See ya.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Hey - watch this.
text: HARRIS climbs up onto one of the desks and manages to jump
text: across all the cubicles till he’s by the door on the other
text: side of the room. He bows and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Simon stands across the street from his office building,
text: not many people are around.
text: Hannah exits the building alone. Simon slinks back into the
text: shadows and watches her go. He sighs.
scene_heading: INT. OLD-FOLKS HOME - NIGHT
text: Simon sits in an uncomfortable looking chair, opposite his
speaker_heading: MOTHER.
text: Simon’s Mother is not particularly old, but she has cloudy
text: eyes and a generally vacant expression.
text: In the distance we see other residents watching a dated
text: game show. All the furniture seems a bit strange.
dialog: 11.
text: Closer is a tiny old lady of unclear ethnicity, perhaps a
text: GYPSY WOMAN. She is bundled up and seems to be staring at
dialog: Simon.
text: Simon glances at her occasionally, looking uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Things are going very well for me
dialog: at work, you'll be happy to know.
dialog: I expect to speak with The
dialog: Colonel about some plans I’ve
dialog: been working on. You wouldn’t
dialog: believe what these computers are
dialog: capable of. I really think
dialog: they’re going to change things.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (a bit angry)
dialog: What are you going on about?
text: Simon continues as though he’s used to this.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: There’s also a girl that I’m
dialog: interested in, and well, it’s
dialog: been going slowly, but I think
dialog: something might be about to
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: GYPSY WOMAN
dialog: Your mother says you are a
dialog: strange boy.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Srange? No. Well, she’s never
dialog: been particularly warm, and
text: sometimes she gets confused.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (forceful)
dialog: You'll never catch a female using
dialog: that puny worm as bait.
text: Simon’s mother reaches for his lap but he uncomfortably
text: pushes her hand away.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Though she does have her moments
dialog: of lucidity.
speaker_heading: GYPSY WOMAN
dialog: Let me see your hand.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No, thanks I’m fine.
speaker_heading: GYPSY WOMAN
dialog: You're not right.
dialog: 12.
text: Simon looks a little concerned, but a man from the STAFF
text: approaches him.
speaker_heading: STAFF
dialog: May I speak with you?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (to Gypsy)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Simon walks a few steps away to speak with the man.
speaker_heading: STAFF
text: There seems to be a discrepancy
dialog: in your bill.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes, well, there was a rather
dialog: large cost increase, and no
dialog: explanation, so I thought it
dialog: might be a mistake.
speaker_heading: STAFF
dialog: There’s a new price.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: And why is that?
speaker_heading: STAFF
dialog: Improvements.
text: Simon looks around at the obviously unchanged room.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But that seems a little...
speaker_heading: STAFF
dialog: Would you like your mother to rot
dialog: on the street?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (thinks a second)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: STAFF
dialog: Good. That’s settled.
text: Simon seems about to say something, but shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: She doesn’t seem quite as well.
speaker_heading: STAFF
text: (already hurrying
dialog: away )
dialog: It’s because she’s old.
dialog: 13.
text: Simon sighs and looks back at his mother. The gypsy woman
text: stares at him.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Simon walks home through an enormous complex of tall
text: apartment buildings. They look so alike you can’t tell the
dialog: difference between any of them.
scene_heading: EXT. DUMPSTER OUTSIDE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Simon sifts through the dumpster behind an apartment
text: building. Above is a shoot from which the trash comes.
text: A black bag drops down as Simon looks through the debris.
text: Simon has several scraps of paper in his hand but is still
dialog: searching.
text: He finally finds another scrap of paper and greedily grabs
dialog: it.
text: He steps down from the dumpster and is embarrassed to see a
text: JANITOR watching him.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: You shouldn’t be doing that.
speaker_heading: SIMON.
dialog: Sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING
text: Simon hurries across the courtyard to the apartment
text: directly across from the building the dumpster was attached
dialog: to.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BLOCK STAIRS
text: SIMON hurries up the stairs, almost running into an old
text: woman on his way up.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT.
text: Simon enters his apartment and quickly walks to the window,
text: turning on a small floor lamp.
text: His apartment is very sparse and small; a bookshelf, desk,
text: and a small television. There are few pictures on the walls
text: and his bed sits on the floor. It is meticulously clean,
dialog: the product of a very ordered personality.
text: Simon looks out the window to the hundreds of apartments in
text: the building across from him.
text: Simon reaches up and lifts the window open as wide as it
text: can go. The wind pours through the apartment and Simon
text: leans out, looking into the great distance below.
dialog: 14.
text: He takes his jacket off and looks into a rather large
text: telescope. It is trained on the apartment opposite his.
text: Hannah stands at a drafting table where she see draws a
text: face. Her apartment is colorful and cozy, but there is
text: something of the same feeling of loneliness in her room as
dialog: well.
text: She is concentrated fully, biting her lip. She looks
text: charming. She steps back from the drawing and we see it is
text: Liz; the mean person she works with. It is very well done.
text: She is unhappy with the drawing, though, and tears it up,
text: tossing it down the trash chute.
text: On her wall are a handful of completed drawings, presumably
text: of other faces from the office.
text: Hannah has let her hair down. She looks very comfortable
text: and walks to the window where she languidly stretches. We
text: see a hint of her bare midriff.
text: She then walks to her couch and lays back, yawning deeply.
text: In his apartment Simon reaches for a simple chair and
text: remains watching Hannah.
text: Simon takes the pieces of paper he collected from the trash
text: and puts them on the floor,;,.working to piece them together.
text: We see that it is another of Hannah’s drawings, an earlier
text: draft of LIZ - but still very accomplished.
text: Simon looks up from the floor and returns to the telescope.
text: He sees his reflection in the glass, hollow and ghostly.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What’s wrong with you?
text: HANNAH gets up and leaves the room. SIMON waits for a while
text: before allowing himself to tilt the telescope and survey
text: Aeman watching a commercial.
text: A beautiful woman brushing her hair in the mirror.
text: Someone with his back to us peeing in the bathroom.
text: Simon moves the telescope to the apartment above Hannah's
text: and we see a MAN dressed very formally in a tuxedo staring
text: directly at Simon with his own pair of binoculars. The man
text: has a piece of paper pinned to his lapel. He is holding a
text: bloody handkerchief to the side of his head.
text: Simon takes a step back in shock and embarrassment before
text: looking through the telescope again.
text: The man is still there, staring at Simon through his
text: binoculars. The man waves at Simon.
dialog: 15.
text: He looks exactly the same as the man who told Simon
text: out of his place n the Subway.
text: Simon hesitantly raises his hand in reply.
text: The man steps on the ledge of his window.
text: The man, now steadied on the window, again waves at
text: The man dramatically leaps from the window. The man
text: to fall and fall. We never see him land.
text: Simon gasps and jumps up. He still has his hand up
text: response to the man.
speaker_heading: TWO
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: The flashing of police lights fills the courtyard.
text: voices in the background.
dialog: to move
dialog: Simon.
dialog: seems
dialog: in
dialog: We hear
text: Simon leans against the side of the building, within the
text: area cordoned off by the police.
text: Two police officers are carefully carrying a body, already
text: enclosed within a bag, dowm.a ladder. The body had
text: on a hard veranda.
dialog: landed
text: A FAT DETECTIVE.is Sipping on a cup of coffee and writing
text: notes as he talks to Simon. A FEMALE DETECTIVE looks over
text: his shoulders as he writes.
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: And then what did you do?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I called the police.
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: Right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He waved at me.
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: (seeming momentarily
dialog: interested)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: Right before he jumped. He waved.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DETECTIVE
dialog: How'd he wave?
text: Simon makes a waving motion, looks embarrassed.
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: Did you wave back?
text: Simon doesn’t say anything for a moment.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I wonder why he did it?
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: His note said he was lonely.
dialog: Should of got a dog.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DETECTIVE
dialog: Or exercised more. That’s
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: Should I write that down?
speaker_heading: FEMALE DETECTIVE
dialog: Maybe, in parenthesis.
text: Simon shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Did he suffer?
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: Splat.
text: Simon grimaces. Two paramedics are loading preparing to
text: load the body into an ambulance.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Do you see this sort of thing
dialog: often?
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: Every day. That’s what we do,
dialog: suicides.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Only suicides?
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: For the whole city?
text: The detective looks at him like he’s crazy
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DETECTIVE
dialog: We can barely cover the
dialog: neighborhood.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, the funny thing is he
dialog: would have landed on the awning
dialog: if he’d just jumped a few feet to
dialog: the right. Probably survived if
dialog: we'd gotten here quick enough.
dialog: Horribly maimed of course, but
dialog: still.
speaker_heading: FAT DETECTIVE
dialog: If you can get them to the
text: hospital quickly enough to stop
text: the brain swelling.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DETECTIVE
dialog: That’s true.
text: We see Hannah a few feet away. Her hair is down and»wshe is
text: hastily dressed.
text: The detectives walks off to check on something and Simon
text: watches them.
text: Simon walks up to Hannah.
speaker_heading: SIMON.
dialog: Hannah?
text: HANNAH looks at.Simon, somewhat dazed.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s Simon. I work in the same
dialog: office as you. I often photocopy
dialog: things...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: The man that jumped. I was the
text: one who saw him.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I live in that building.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: He lived above me. My neighbor
dialog: told me about it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I didn’t know him.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He waved at me.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: Strange.
text: As they watch the police work with moving the body. Hannah
text: cringes and grabs Simon by the arm. Simon talks loud, as
text: though he is resolved.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It’s the Colonel’s Ball tomorrow.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do you think you'll go?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It’s mandatory.
text: They stand in silence for a moment. HANNAH turns to leave.
text: Simon shouts after her.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Hannah.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SIMON.
dialog: It’s terrible to,be alone too
dialog: much.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - EVENING
text: Simon and Hannah sit opposite one another in the booth of
text: an ancient looking diner.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes. So, I’ve been working on a
dialog: thing to do with regression
dialog: analysis. Like, in my spare time.
dialog: I’m pretty happy with it. I’m
dialog: hoping to show it to the Colonel
dialog: when it’s ready. I mean, you
dialog: wouldn’t believe what these
dialog: computers are capable of. I
dialog: really think they’re going to
dialog: change things.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (neutral)
dialog: I don’t really understand
dialog: computers.
text: They are quiet and a WAITRESS comes and drops off their
dialog: drinks.
dialog: 19.
text: Hannah has tea in front of her while Simon has some blue
text: soda. Simon looks a little confused.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (Calling after the
dialog: waitress)
dialog: Erm, I ordered orange juice...
dialog: No reply.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: But I suppose this is just as
dialog: good.
text: They sit quietly for a few moments. Hannah and Simon turn
text: to a nearby television which is playing an odd futuristic
dialog: sci-fi/noir movie.
text: Simon looks down at the table. Hannah’s wrist is near his
text: hand. It is fine and fragile, her hand is stained with
text: pencil smudges. He slowly moves his hand forward.
text: Hannah turns to look at Simon and he quickly averts his
text: eyes back to the television show.
speaker_heading: SCI-FI DETECTIVE
dialog: (on the TV, dramatic)
dialog: There’s no such thing as...
dialog: second chances.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I like this show.
text: Hannah smiles at Simon. He finds it hard to read her
text: expression. They return back to the screen for a moment.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you draw?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (looking suspicious)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It’s just your hand.
text: Hannah looks down and rubs the pencil marks from her hand.
text: We hear a PHONE in the background.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It’s from the printer.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Because it’s cool if you do, I
dialog: like...
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: You've got a call.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It’s not for me.
speaker_heading: WAITER
text: Frumpy looking guy named Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: That’s me.
dialog: (to Hannah)
dialog: Hold on.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - MOMENTS LATER
text: Simon quickly grabs for the pay phone. He tries to look
text: around the corridor into the restaurant but just barely
text: can’t see where Hannah is sitting.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mom?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes, but it’s just a night
dialog: terror.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No that didn’t ever happen.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know I’m a disappointment.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I have to go, I’m with a girl.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes, a female girl.
dialog: (beat, sighs)
dialog: I don’t know if she’s fertile.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Simon stands at the table, but Hannah is now gone. Her tea
dialog: is-only partially finished.
text: He picks up a note, it reads, “Sorry, had to go. Maybe see
dialog: you at the Colonel’s ball - Hannah.”
text: Simon looks both discouraged and excited. He lifts his eyes
text: once again to the silly show on the television. It goes to
text: a commercial break and we cut to an image of an enormous
text: pile of papers, taller than a man.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Think of what your business
dialog: could do if it had a giant,
dialog: electronic brain.
text: The stack explodes and the sheets of paper begin to fall,
text: tumbling one after another to reveal an enormous computer.
text: A MAN is under it, typing away, smoking a cigar
dialog: 21.
text: This is THE COLONEL, a European-looking MAN in his 60s/70s
text: dressed like a member of the British Royal Family.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Well now it has. Meet the
dialog: Colonel.
text: The Colonel walks through an enormous room of attractive
text: women clacking away at computers.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER (CONT’D)
dialog: For years, the Colonel has
dialog: provided your business with the
dialog: most detailed personal profiling
text: on the market. Using his powerful
dialog: super computers to provide all
dialog: the information you need to know
dialog: exactly who your target consumer
dialog: is.
scene_heading: INT. SCREENING ROOM - DAY
text: We reveal that Simon, Melanie and Harris*watch an
scene_heading: ORIENTATION VIDEO.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Did she say anything else?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: No. Just,that she was definitely
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: You should have stroked her
text: earlobe.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
text: This is colossally boring.
text: Simon and Harris return their attention to the video.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: The Colonel will go to any
dialog: lengths to find everything about
dialog: anybody.
text: We see a montage of data collection. In each shot, The
text: Colonel is Co-ordinating. Men in overcoats conducting
text: bubble tests: taking notes at what someone buys at a
text: drugstore; looking through someone’s trash.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It’s actually quite exciting, the
dialog: new technology is incredibly
dialog: powerful. Right now we’re using a
text: scattershot approach, but...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve been meaning to talk to your
dialog: father and the Colonel about
dialog: this... using simple regression
text: analysis and honing in on a few
dialog: key signals we can use these
dialog: machines to find out anything we
dialog: need incredibly quickly. We could
dialog: really reconfigure the entire
dialog: business.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, I really think
dialog: computers are going to change
dialog: things.
text: Both Melanie and Harris look at Simon as though he’s crazy.
text: We return to the video.
text: THE COLONEL is shaking hands with various people next to
text: one of his enormous computers
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Governments, corporations,
dialog: foreign nationals... The Colonel
dialog: can service all your needs.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Are you touching my earlobe?
text: We return to see Harris, reaching his hand behind Simon's
text: head, limply holding Melanie’s earlobe.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Yes; I am.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Harris: that’s not appropriate.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: I’m going to leave now.
dialog: (beat, to Simon)
dialog: And, you're pathetic. She’s got
dialog: to be at the ball, it’s
dialog: mandatory.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Does that mean you’ll be there?
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: I’m underage, you sack of shit.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Don’t fight it.
text: She gets up and leaves.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
speaker_heading: (to SIMON)
dialog: I just hope I’m not so upset that
dialog: I tell my Dad about this.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (turning to HARRIS)
dialog: What are you doing? You shouldn't
dialog: even be here.
text: He leaves. We see the projection screen.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Because The Colonel knows there
dialog: are no special people
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: (straight to camera,
dialog: with a slight
dialog: Russian accent)
dialog: Just people.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - EVENING
text: SIMON stuffs his work clothes into a bag. He is wearing a
text: tuxedo. He looks in the mirror and practices introductions.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Oh - hi Hannah.,Hannah! Hi.
dialog: Hannah? Hey. Simon. From the
dialog: scene of the suicide! Etc.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE —, EVENING
text: Again, Simon is the last one there. He dumps his bag
text: underneath his desk. He looks around tentatively, then
text: steps up onto his desk to repeat the trick Harris did. But,
text: as soon as he sets foot on another desk an alarm sounds.
text: He looks around in panic.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Simon sits opposite someone who is typing up a report on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What are you writing?
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR ONE
dialog: Don’t make this worse for
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I’ve never done anything like
dialog: that before.
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: INVESTIGATOR TWO
dialog: Card please.
text: SIMON hands over his identity card. The PERSON puts it into
text: a card reader and keys something in.
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR ONE
dialog: This card's corrupted. You'll get
dialog: a replacement in six to eight
dialog: weeks.
text: INVESTIGATOR ONE cuts it up.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: How will I get in and out of the
dialog: building?
scene_heading: INVESTIGATOR TWO
dialog: The card replacement fee will be
dialog: deducted from your wages.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY OF COLONEL’S BALL VENUE - EVENING
text: A large door, like that of an AMBASSADORIAL BUILDING.
text: Simon stands in the lobby, next to a MAN with a clipboard.
text: Behind him a WOMAN is looking something up on a computer.
text: Simon has clearly been waiting a long time.
text: GUESTS in evening wear arrive and enter the building. We
text: hear a band play in the background.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why does no one else need to
dialog: swipe in?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: We carry out these checks at
dialog: random. If you’re suggesting
dialog: you're being persecuted, you’1l
dialog: need to fill out this form.
text: He hands Simon a form which is headed ‘YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
text: NOT TO BE PERSECUTED’. HARRIS appears.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: See you in there.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: See? He knows I work here.
dialog: Harris! Tell him who I am.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I’ve never seen that man before
dialog: in my life!
text: And he disappears.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He’s being a dick...
text: The man looks sternly at Simon for swearing.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: -a silly person. I had my card
dialog: confiscated-
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Because it was corrupted.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: I can’t find him on the list!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: She can’t find you on the list.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Everyone is on the list. I’ve
dialog: worked here for seven years.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Please step away.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I work here. Why would I try to
dialog: break in to something that’s
dialog: mandatory? It’s a job
dialog: requirement.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Are you planning to use force?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Do you know what mandatory means?
dialog: No one wants to go to this.
text: We hear joyous cheers from within.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Please step away.
scene_heading: EXT. COLONEL’S BALL VENUE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Simon wanders around in disbelief. He tries to see what’s
text: going on inside, but the angle is too steep.
scene_heading: EXT. SERVICE ENTRANCE COLONEL’S BALL VENUE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Simon creeps in through the kitchens. A couple of staff
text: members look at him suspiciously. Simon stops and looks
text: around and pretends that he’s inspecting the premises.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Very good. Excellent. I’1l be
dialog: telling the Colonel about the
dialog: great work you're all doing.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: SIMON, crouched down peers through a crack in the door. We
text: see his POV of a grand ballroom. People are milling about,
text: eating canapes, chatting, laughing and dancing to the music
text: played by a band. The band are impossibly old. A WAITER
text: swooshes by, leaving SIMON exposed in an odd posture. He
text: walks forward in a crouched manner and tries to casually
text: segue into standing up and walking properly. A few people
text: notice him, but he’s largely ignored.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: SIMON picks up a drink and some hors d’oeuvres. He looks at
text: a long table full of strange raffle prizes.
text: The band play a fanfare and people shuffle «to attention.
text: Mr. Papadapolous takes to the stage and stands on a pre-
dialog: prepared box.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOLOUS
dialog: And now we take a brief break in
dialog: our revelry to honour our Young
dialog: Employee of the,Year. And to
dialog: present the award is» last year’s
dialog: winner, Mr. Stevens.
text: Fanfare. Mr Steven’s approaches: he looks between fifty and
text: sixty. PAPADOPOLOUS gets down off the box and picks it up.
speaker_heading: MR. STEVENS
dialog: And the winner is...
text: He ‘produces an envelope from his pocket. Papadapolous comes
text: over to help him, as Mr. Stevens has a prosthetic hand and
text: finds it difficult to open it. The band’s drum roll starts
dialog: to» become frighteningly long.
speaker_heading: MR. STEVENS (CONT’D)
dialog: Mr. Harris.
text: We he hear a whoop of delight from HARRIS - a spotlight
text: finds him. We have audience applause.
text: We see Simon, unable to believe his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - A LITTLE LATER
text: Simon wanders through a series of rooms, looking for
dialog: Hannah.
dialog: 27.
text: Various people enjoying themselves. Papadopolous is doing a
text: vaguely racist impression of someone, to the delight of
dialog: some business colleagues.
text: He sees Hannah sitting at the other end of a room. She’s in
text: a fifties-style ball gown and is smoking a cigarette. Simon
text: watches her for a while. She looks a bit bored, alone,
text: seemingly ready for someone to approach her.
text: Time seems to stand still. The song played by the band
text: sounds epic and romantic.
text: Just as she looks up and returns his gaze, two men grab
text: Simon and start dragging him out of the building.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You're not meant to be here.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What do you mean? I work here.
text: SIMON looks mortified. He gazes at Hannah, «who looks
dialog: confused, but not particularly concerneds)More and more
text: people at the dance start looking around. The band stops
dialog: playing.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re making a mistake. I work
dialog: here. I work here!
text: He tries to shrug them off.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s no need to drag me.
text: They simply re-double their aggression - the struggle
text: becomes; more undignified.
text: A few steps away we see The Colonel. He listens to someone
text: speaking, nodding with a benign, patrician air. He turns to
text: look at Simon. Someone whispers in the Colonel’s ear. Simon
text: looks up: this is the first time he has seen this figure in
dialog: the flesh.
scene_heading: EXT. COLONEL’S BALL VENUE
text: SIMON is thrown down the steps and onto the street.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: The appropriate amendments will
dialog: be made to your record.
text: Simon gets up. He is visibly shaken. Behind the doors we
text: can just make out the sound of the band and see some
text: movement in the hall.
text: Simon staggers about for a bit. He is frustrated, pacing
text: back and forth, seeming almost like he’s going to cry.
dialog: 28.
text: Simon starts to punch at the air and flail. Completely
text: letting go.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What’s wrong with them? I’ma
dialog: person, like other people. What’s
dialog: wrong with you?! It gives the
dialog: Colonel the complete wrong idea
dialog: about me. I have things to say to
dialog: him. Ideas that he’d very much
dialog: like to hear, I’m sure.
text: Simon pushes the glass door several times causing it to
text: clatter as he continues to yell.
text: Finally he kicks the door which gives a shiver, but the
text: only real result is a sharp pain in his foot.
text: Simon begins to curse to himself loudly.
text: The door swings open and the security man again looks
text: sternly at Simon who continues to curse.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Did you want something?
text: Simon looks as though he’s about to say something, really
text: let the man have it, but as he clutches his foot he finds
dialog: himself saying
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Nothing, -I don’t want anything.
text: The man stares at Simon, the party still going on in the
dialog: background.
text: The man turns and the door slowly draws to a close.
text: As ‘the door is closing we see a MAN not too far away in
text: conversation. He turns around and we only catch a glimpse
text: of him, but he looks exactly the same as Simon. The door
text: clatters shut as Simon tries desperately to see.
text: Simon seems to go limp with horror. He slumps against the
text: wall as though faint, lowering his head, apart from himself
text: and lost in a nightmare.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Simon stands on a deserted bridge overlooking a great deal
text: of traffic. He stares down. There is a strange feel in the
dialog: air. We're not quite sure where we are and things seem a
text: bit off, almost as though Simon is not in control of
dialog: himself.
text: A long shadow appears, followed by the clip clop of feet.
dialog: 29.
text: A figure starts walking towards us. Simon doesn’t look up
text: until the figure passes him. The man glances back. Again,
dialog: incredibly, he has the same face as Simon!
text: After he recovers from shock. Simon starts to follow him.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS - NIGHT
text: SIMON follows the man through various streets. The man is
text: walking so quickly that Simon can barely keep up.
scene_heading: EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - NIGHT
text: The man reaches Simon’s apartment block and, without
text: looking back, skips into HANNAH’s block of flats. SIMON
text: rushes up to his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Simon runs to the telescope and starts scouring the various
text: rooms to see if he can see where his double is. Something
text: draws him to the flat above Hannah's.
text: He sees a door open and light pour in from the corridor.
text: The main light is switched on. The figure walks to the
text: window and stares almost straight at Simon before drawing
text: the blinds. Although very distant, the face bears a
text: striking resemblance to Simon’s.
speaker_heading: THREE
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Simon wakes up with a start. He is still wearing his dinner
dialog: jacket.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE LOBBY - MORNING
text: Simon - looking a bit tired and rumpled - is signing in
text: just as Hannah passes. This time he manages to get into the
text: elevator with her.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR —- MORNING
text: Simon stands awkwardly at some considerable distance from
dialog: Hannah.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: There was a bit of a mix up at
dialog: the ball last night. Unfortunate.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I’m going down.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t mind going down.
text: SIMON winces to himself.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: And then up.
text: An awkward rest of elevator ride. Hannah says ‘bye’ and
text: exits. The doors close and the elevator starts to travel
text: back up. In frustration, Simon kicks the wall. The elevator
text: stops and an alarm sounds.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM
text: Simon sits and watches the person type.
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR ONE
dialog: Card please.
text: Off SIMON’S LOOK we cut to
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Dejected, Simon treads heavily through the office while
text: people clack away at their computers. Occasionally someone
text: looks up and smirks in memory of last night’s events.
text: Simon sits down at his desk. He rolls his eyes at Harris
text: who is standing nearby.
text: Simon looks past Harris and sees Papadopoulos walking
text: closer and talking to a person obstructed from our view.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: We can really use a young man
dialog: like you, especially right now
dialog: with the big push and all.
text: Papadopoulos has now moved into Simon’s field of vision,
text: just a few cubicles in front of Simon.
text: Simon stands up to get a better look at the new person, but
text: his view is blocked.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS (CONT’D)
dialog: I'd like to introduce everyone to
text: our newest co-worker. A bright
dialog: young man who I’m sure will be an
dialog: asset. He asked to be moved here
dialog: from our sister offices. Heard it
dialog: was the best.
text: Papadopoulos gives the man beside him a push in the ribs.
text: Simon moves a few steps to the side but Harris is in his
text: way. We get just a glimpse of the man.
dialog: 31.
text: Simon continues to move closer, as though he is compelled.
text: Quite a few of the other workers in the office have stood
text: up as well, getting a look at the new employee.
text: But now the new person has turned in the other direction.
text: Simon waits for him to turn around, but as he does
text: Papadopoulos again obstructs his view.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ll let you get started. Young
dialog: hotshot, soon you'll have my job.
text: Simon is now quite close to Papadopoulos, and only a few.
text: paces away from the new man.
text: Papadopoulos moves to the side, and for the first time we
dialog: see the new worker.
text: The man, JAMES, is the exact double of Simon.
text: Simon and James are played by the same actor. Every
text: physical attribute is identical, except Simon's clothes are
text: slightly more worn.
text: Simon gasps, his eyes wide and his, mouth agape.
text: Simon continues to stare at James, who for the first time
text: makes eye contact. James smiles at Simon, a strange half-
text: friendly, half-threatening smile.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS (CONT’D)
dialog: His name is James Simon.
text: Simon lets out a high-pitched SQUEAL.
text: Everyone in the office turns to Simon. He is embarrassed
text: andysmiles sickly. Across from him James gives a little
dialog: wink.
text: Simon sways unsteady. His eyes roll and he tumbles
dialog: backwards.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Simon is on his back being fanned by Mr. Papadopoulos.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Don’t worry, my cleaner is a
dialog: diabetic. We just need to jama
dialog: cookie down his throat!
text: Simon lifts himself up, looking around wildly.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No, I’m not diabetic. What
dialog: happened? Where is he?
dialog: 32.
text: He searches the faces around him but doesn’t see his
dialog: double.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, it’s just a shock that, well
dialog: you know. The new man.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: (looking perturbed)
dialog: Don’t worry son, we’re not
dialog: replacing you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m not one of these holier than
dialog: though types. Drugs can be
dialog: healthy for a person, just leave
text: it out of the office.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What, no, not drugs... Last
dialog: night, a man I didn’t know...
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: No need for details, it’s
dialog: happened to us all. Back to work.
text: Papadopoulos reaches down and helps Simon up and sets him
text: back at his desk. James returns and sits down opposite
text: Simon. SIMON lets out another high pitched squeal.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS (CONT’D)
dialog: I‘1l leave you to it.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S CUBICLE - LATER
text: Simon peers over his cubicle. He never takes his eyes off
text: James. Simon runs his hands over his face. He is very
text: flustered.
text: Simon frantically searches around his desk. He finds a
text: stapler and looks into the shiny metal bottom.
text: We see his distorted reflection in the stapler.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE ROOM - LATER
text: Simon drinks a glass of water to calm his nerves. He
text: appears to be hyperventilating.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - LATER
text: Simon has finished washing his face in front of a long
text: mirror. He has calmed down and focuses on his breathing.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It’s going to be okay. It’s just
dialog: a resemblance. You’re just a
dialog: little spooked, right?
dialog: 33.
text: Simon nods to himself slowly in the mirror. A flush comes
text: from a bathroom stall.
text: Simon looks embarrassed and turns to leave the bathroom. As
text: Simon tries to leave, the door to the stall swings open and
text: James exits.
text: They are now face to face, and time seems to slow. They
text: carefully inspect one another; they are mirror images.
text: They start to move again and begin to engage in that
text: awkward dance one does when trying to get past someone.
text: Simon and James both attempt to go to the left, then to the
text: right. James gives Simon a friendly smile.
text: Simon rushes from the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - LATER
text: Simon is hiding behind a door at the side ofthe office.
text: He is watching James sitting at his desk. «Around James’
text: desk we see several other employees, including Harris.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - LATER
text: Simon remains in his hiding spot, watching James.
text: Simon waits until he sees, Harris leave for the elevator.
text: He quickly sidles up to Harris and grabs him by the arm.
scene_heading: INT. CANTEEN - DAY
text: Harris has two extremely large hot dogs in front of him.
text: The restaurant is busy, but Simon doesn’t eat.
text: Harris takes a huge bite of the hot dog and moans with
text: pleasure. He gets ketchup on his lips.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Thanks for the dogs. You want a
dialog: bite?
text: Simon seems to be trembling.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Harris, the new worker here,
dialog: he...
dialog: (leaning in and
dialog: whispering)
dialog: You spoke to the new employee?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: James? Sure, I met him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: And?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Seems like an okay guy.
text: Simon looks around to see if anyone is eavesdropping.
text: Harris takes another bite of the hot dog.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Did you notice anything strange
dialog: about him...I mean, did he remind
dialog: you of anyone?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Well...I don't know. Not that I
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I mean...me, for instance?
text: Harris thinks this over for a moment.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Yeah...you know, now that you
dialog: mention it...he does kind of
dialog: remind me of you.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes, but, what I mean is...
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Yeah, yeah...you,know, you do
dialog: look related. Almost like
dialog: brothers.
text: Simon grabs Harris' arm.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (in horror)
dialog: We look related? You think so?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (getting excited,
dialog: louder)
dialog: You do! It's true...I didn't
dialog: realize at first. You look just
dialog: like him! Or he looks just like
dialog: you. It's incredible!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It is incredible! Why didn’t you
dialog: notice?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I don’t know, you’re pretty,
dialog: well, unnoticeable. But it’s a
dialog: miracle.
dialog: I met a man who had a moveable
dialog: tailbone. But that’s nothing
dialog: compared to this.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: HARRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s like, destiny.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: There’s no such thing. It’s an
dialog: incredible coincidence, but...
dialog: I mean, there are six billion
dialog: people on the planet. A few are
text: bound to look the same.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: If you were Chinese, maybe I'd
dialog: buy it. No, this is definitely
dialog: something. You’1l probably end up
text: wrestling at the top of a tall
dialog: building before one of you falls
dialog: to your doom. That’s normally how
dialog: they end doppelganger movies. Or
dialog: you were twins separated at
dialog: birth. That often happens.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What’s he like?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I don't know. He’s a guy.
speaker_heading: SIMON.
dialog: Do you know why he. transferred?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: How should I know?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But didn't they...do you know if
dialog: they said anything about me?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: What is there to say about you?
text: Simon opens his mouth and cocks his head.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S CUBICLE - AFTERNOON
text: Simon peeks cautiously over the top of his cubicle and
dialog: watches James.
text: James bobs his head while Simon looks at him mistrustfully.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE HALLWAY - EVENING
text: Simon walks into the enormous and empty elevator. He waits
dialog: for the door to close.
text: Just before the door closes James joins him.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - EVENING
text: Simon and James stand next to each other. Again the
dialog: resemblance is incredible.
text: Everything about them is the same. They both clear their
text: throat at the same time, then simultaneously frown.
text: James appears content, but Simon’s face shows his concern.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE LOBBY - EVENING
text: Simon and James walk through the lobby. They walk stride
text: for stride, as though mirror images.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EVENING
text: Simon and James step out of the door at the exact same time
text: and turn directly into each other. James, as though just
text: deciding something, but still sure of himself, says
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Would you like to get a drink?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: JAMES and SIMON run giggling from a bar. They howl down the
text: street, kicking things over and laughing like children.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON'S APARTMENT. NIGHT.
text: Simon and James.stumble through the door, drunk. SIMON
text: disappears off to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: SIMON (0.S.)
dialog: That was so much fun! Like when
dialog: you said to that man ‘who are you
dialog: looking at, friend?’ That was
dialog: amazing! I would never do that. I
dialog: mean, we were almost in a bar
dialog: fight for god’s sake. ‘Who are
dialog: you looking at? Friend.’
text: JAMES takes a look round the apartment. He strolls up to
text: the telescope and looks through it. He sees Hannah's
text: apartment. Hannah is curled up on her sofa watching THE SCI-
text: FI DETECTIVE SERIES on TV. He gives a look of recognition.
text: He hears the sound of SIMON returning and walks back to the
text: centre of the room. SIMON has returned with one can of beer
dialog: and one glass.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I‘ll take the can.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 37.
text: SIMON and JAMES sit and finish their beer. They both seem
dialog: pretty drunk.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So what’s the action like round
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Action?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah - in the office. That red
dialog: haired girl who sits opposite us
dialog: is a dirty, dirty thing.
text: Simon laughs uneasily.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: And that french-sounding brunette
text: with the red top and red nails.
dialog: Maybe we should take them outs
dialog: Which one do you want?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMES,
dialog: I prefer the french-sounding
text: brunette, but either way.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: No, that’s alright, you can. You
dialog: can have both.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: Never again. So, you got a
dialog: girlfriend?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You a flamer?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No. There’s someone I’ve been
dialog: thinking about a lot.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Like some fantasy shit?
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: No, she’s real. A person.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well, what’s the problem?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t know. I have all these
dialog: things I want to say to her.
text: He is sounding quite drunk now. The camera stays on him,
text: moving closer and closer.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Like how I can tell she’s a
dialog: lonely person - even if others
dialog: can’t. Because I know what it is
dialog: to be lonely and lost and
dialog: invisible.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Simon, let me tell you something.
dialog: I'll help you out with this. You
dialog: have to go after what you want.
dialog: I’d tear the asshole off an
dialog: elephant for a piece of trim I
dialog: wanted that bad.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I've tried talking to her but I
dialog: don’t know how to be myself. It’s
dialog: like I’m permanently outside
dialog: myself. Like you,could push your
dialog: hand straight through me if you
dialog: wanted to.
text: Simon looks at his hand.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: I can see the type of man I want
dialog: to be versus the type of man I
dialog: actually am.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know that I’m doing it, but I’m
dialog: incapable of doing what needs to
dialog: be done. I’m like Pinnocchio. I’m
text: a wooden boy, not a real boy. And
dialog: it kills me.
text: SIMON looks over and sees that JAMES has fallen asleep.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Simon puts a duvet around JAMES and a pillow under his
text: head. Then gently Simon traces a line from Jame’s temple to
text: his chin with his finger.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I’m pleased we met.
dialog: 39.
text: Simon gets up, turns the light off and goes to bed.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Simon wakes up. He groggily gets out of bed and stumbles
text: into the living area. JAMES is nowhere to be seen.
text: In fact, there is no sign that he was there at all.
speaker_heading: FOUR
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE LOBBY - MORNING
text: SIMON is signing in at reception while people quickly swipe
text: in and bustle on to the elevators. A beaming JAMES
text: appears.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s okay: he’s with me.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: No problem James.
dialog: (to Simon)
dialog: Just go right through.
text: SIMON uneasily puts the pen down and follows James. JAMES
text: seems to already be on friendly terms with a number of
text: people in the building. He walks to the elevator greeting a
dialog: number of people.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEVATOR - A LITTLE LATER
text: Simon and James exit the elevator. James is obviously doing
text: the capper line to a joke. The people in the elevator all
dialog: laugh.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What time did you get in?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don’t know - about a half hour
dialog: ago.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: HARRIS approaches.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hey - did you get a chance to
dialog: look at that report yet?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Yeah - I left it on your desk.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thanks, man.
text: Simon gives a look.
scene_heading: INT. WORK BATHROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Simon and James stand side by side together in the
text: bathroom. Their shirts are off and their pants rest at
dialog: their ankles.
text: Simon looks very uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Somebody's going to come in.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Turn this way.
text: Simon shifts and James looks amazed.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
text: Exactly the same.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: Down to the smallest freckle.
text: James looks pointedly at Simon’s crotch.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I think mine is a bit bigger.
text: Simon starts to disagree but just then we hear the toilet
dialog: flush.
text: Mr. Papadopoulos, emerges from a stall reading a newspaper
text: and buttoning up his pants.
text: Simon frantically tries to pull up his boxers. James just
text: stands there confidently.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: (not looking up from
dialog: the paper)
dialog: Keep up the good work boys.
text: Papadopoulos exits the bathroom, leaving Simon scrambling
text: with his shirt and James still nearly naked.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Jesus. I’m getting back to work.
text: Simon starts to leave but James calls after him.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Wait!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We're doing the switch right?
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t know. What if they find
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Look, I’m good with all this
dialog: social stuff. You’re an awkward
dialog: misfit, but you can help me out
dialog: and take the test for me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We look the same and nobody will
dialog: find out.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But Papadopoulos put me in charge
dialog: of his daughter.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don’t worry, kids love me, and
dialog: you don’t even like the little
dialog: brat.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You just take the test. I/’11
dialog: baby-sit for an hour.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Do you know anything about what
dialog: we do here?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What’s to know?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Look, we’re a team, now. I’1ll
dialog: help you, you help me. Like this
dialog: girl, Hannah, you’ve got to take
dialog: a step back. You can’t just stalk
dialog: her. Chicks don’t dig stalkers.
dialog: Unless they’re Sting in that
dialog: song. Right?
dialog: (Simon nods)
dialog: Great. Within a week you’re going
dialog: to get hand on boob. That’s a
dialog: promise. Simon. Look at me.
dialog: Within a week: hand on boob.
text: Simon half laughs, half-shakes his head with disbelief.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Simon sits at James’ desk. He is working on a test.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE ROOM - LATER
text: James sits at the same couch next to Melanie. Melanie, far
text: from being sullen is now effusive and interested.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: No, all of the boys in my school
dialog: are so childish, so immature.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Nothing but a batch of raging
dialog: hormones.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - LATER
text: Simon is finishing up the test. He looks at the clock and
text: it is well after noon.
scene_heading: EXT. COFFEE ROOM - LATER
text: James is sat much closer to Melanie. James talks near her
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You need to realize that data
dialog: entry and collection and
dialog: computers and stuff can be
dialog: sensual. It has a romance. All
dialog: these lives thatewe’re recording,
dialog: their dreams, their hopes, their
dialog: loves. Each person out there,
dialog: apart, yet connected. We’re
dialog: giving these faceless people
dialog: immortality...
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Wow.
text: He starts to stroke MELANIE’S earlobe.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - LATER
text: Simon hands the test over to a secretary outside Mr.
text: Papadopoulos’ office. She looks up at him and smiles.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Finished already?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: When do you think you’1l have the
dialog: results?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: For you? Right away.
text: The secretary smiles at Simon. He is puzzled, unused to
dialog: such treatment.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE ROOM - DAY
text: JAMES is looking out of the window, checking that the coast
text: is clear.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Exactly. It’s like Daddy wanting
dialog: me to go out on a date with his
dialog: friend’s son. Like just because
dialog: we're the same age doesn’t mean
dialog: we have anything in common,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s no substitute for real
dialog: emotional connection, that’s for
dialog: certain. I’ve always felt
dialog: emotional maturity is unrelated
dialog: to material age.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: You know, you have the most
dialog: remarkable cleft in your chin.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: You think?
text: JAMES closes the blinds.
speaker_heading: JAMES,
dialog: I think.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Simon sits at James’ desk while Mr. Papadopoulos stands
text: over him excitedly.
text: Simon doesn’t seem to be paying much attention, instead
text: focusing on his empty desk.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: I knew we hired the right man, I
dialog: just knew it.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: Simon continues to wait for James to return. He is looking
text: at his empty desk.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Where is the kid from that desk?
dialog: He’s been here a while. Just
dialog: between you and me he hasn’t
dialog: impressed.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I’m sure there’s some
dialog: explanation.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve found him to be quite
dialog: competent. He’s probably doing
dialog: something important.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Sticking up for a co-worker, I
dialog: like that, admirable.
text: Papadopoulos waddles down the aisle of the office and Simon
text: stands, looking back at his desk.
text: James has suddenly appeared, sitting in Simon’s chair. He
text: waves to Simon and rushes over.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: How'd I do?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You aced it.
text: James claps his hands and does a spin.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I knew it!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I told you to be back an hour
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don’t worry! The old man is an
dialog: idiot. We’re going to run this
dialog: place.
scene_heading: INT. CANTEEN - DAY
text: Simon and James are finishing up their lunch. James is
text: eating an apple suggestively.
text: In the distance we see he is making intense eye contact
text: with Hannah. She looks up at him and then averts her eyes.
text: Simon is talking to James who is only half-listening.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: She's definitely looking at you.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What did I tell you? Just ignore
dialog: them for a few days and they’1l
dialog: come crawling.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I do feel like she’s been looking
dialog: at me a little.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Of course she has. That’s what
dialog: you get when you listen to
dialog: Captain Jim.
dialog: (suddenly urgent)
dialog: Look. She wants to come over. I’m
text: going to hang back.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Just remember what we talked
dialog: about. Play it cool.
text: SIMON looks up. HANNAH is coming over to the table. JAMES
text: scuttles away.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Do you mind if I sit here?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Sure. As in no. I don’t. Sit.
dialog: Definitely.
dialog: (beat, trying to be
dialog: cool)
dialog: I mean: it’s a free country.
text: There’s an awkward silence for a while.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I’d really plucked up my courage
dialog: to do this, but now...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Do you think we could maybe meet
dialog: after work?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It’s just I don’t want people
dialog: round here to listen in on us.
dialog: You know what it’s like in these
dialog: buildings. Is there a place we
dialog: could meet where we won’t have
dialog: like work people around?
text: We see JAMES looking on from a distance. Hannah leaves
text: Simon’s table. He looks around and sees James. Simon
text: smiles, James smiles back.
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - EVENING
text: SIMON paces. He’s wearing a relatively smart jacket and
text: looks like he’s taken a little more care with his
text: appearance than usual. He sees Hannah approaching, casting
text: a similar shadow to when Simon saw the Double after the
dialog: Ball.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Nice spot here.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I like to watch people as they
dialog: pass. It’s a good place to think.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Yeah, the fumes help with that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So: here’s the thing. I have this
dialog: crush on someone.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: A crush?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: And this person on whom I have
dialog: the crush doesn’t know that
dialog: they’re the subject of my crush.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I'm pretty sure this person
dialog: might have a crush on me too.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: How do you, know?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
text: I’ve seen him looking at me.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: He works in my office. So I often
text: notice him looking at me.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: And he seems to have moved right
dialog: next to where I live.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: That could be a coincidence.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It could be.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Have you ever thought of telling
dialog: him how you feel?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I wouldn’t dare.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I don’t know...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You should tell him.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: He just seems like one of those
dialog: people who’s really popular.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Popular?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You know - everyone likes him - I
dialog: imagine he has a lot of girls
text: interested in him. He probably
text: looks at everyone.
text: SIMON blanches.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: But, you seem close to him so I
dialog: thought you might know what he
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Right. You mean James?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Oh God- is it that obvious? I
dialog: don’t know what it is. I’ve never
dialog: met anyone like him. Not that
dialog: I've really met him. I think I’ve
dialog: said hello to him maybe once.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You've never met anyone like him?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Do you think you could find out
dialog: if he is interested in me? God
dialog: this is so dumb!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You really think he’s so unique?
dialog: What exactly is so unique about
dialog: him?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Try to think.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: He has something.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But you’ve never even spoken to
dialog: him. How can you know if he has
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You can tell by just looking at
dialog: someone
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: By just looking at someone?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Listen - maybe it’s better if I
dialog: just tell him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Don’t do that. Look- I’11 tell
dialog: him. If you want.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Sure. We're pretty close so... he
dialog: listens to me.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Oh, thanks. Only if you’re
dialog: comfortable with...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Of course!
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I know it seems a little shallow
dialog: of me...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No. Sorry I didn’t mean to pry
dialog: Or...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: No. Thanks...
text: She's clearly forgotten his name.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Simon...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Sorry! I’m just flustered. I’m...
text: She hugs him. We see SIMON allow his face to relax into
dialog: disappointment.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s great.
text: There’s an awkward pause.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: God. This is so teenage...
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: SIMON lies on his couch, looking up at the ceiling. He
text: suddenly rushes to the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON'S BATHROOM —- CONTINUOUS
text: Simon vomits into the toilet. He stands up groggily and
text: looks at himself in the mirror.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT. LIVING ROOM»- A LITTLE LATER
text: SIMON looks through his, telescope at JAMES’ apartment. He
text: is slumped on a chair playing a video game. He is greedily
text: throwing popcorn into his,mouth.
text: Below we look at Hannah’s apartment. She is drawing at her
text: desk. She seems to,be happy, concentrating on her drawing.
text: A few feet away we see several drawings that she has made
dialog: of James.
text: Simon sighs and hangs his head.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Simon walks, defeated, next to James. Throughout this walk
text: James passes various people who all acknowledge him, but
dialog: not Simon.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well I’m flattered, but she’s not
dialog: really my type.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: She’s not your type?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: There’s something slightly tragic
text: about her. Melanie on the other
dialog: hand...
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Stay away from Melanie...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’m only kidding. She’s underage
dialog: anyway. Just.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I’m responsible for her.
text: JAMES checks out a girl who walks past.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: This may not be such a bad thing
dialog: anyway. I mean she’s obviously
dialog: pretty shallow - she doesn’t even
dialog: know me.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why did I even tell you?
text: They bump into HARRIS.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hey, have you got change for the
dialog: machine?
speaker_heading: HARRIS,
dialog: Sure. I always keep change in my
dialog: desk.
text: Simon makes a face. They go to Harris's desk where there is
text: indeed a stash of change.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (picking up with
dialog: Simon again)
dialog: Because you’re a good person. I
dialog: would have just gone as me.
text: JAMES spots MELANIE across the office and winks at her.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: But look, we have an arrangement.
dialog: I‘1ll help you tonight, and you
dialog: help me with the report for
dialog: Papadopoulos. We’re making some
dialog: real progress here. He should
dialog: know your name soon.
text: Off SIMON’S look we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EVENING
text: Simon and James walk along. Simon has his head down as
text: though concentrating while James speaks like a professor,
text: using plenty of hand motions.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You need to have more of a
dialog: swagger to your walk. If possible
dialog: you want to kind of rotate your
dialog: pelvis.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It lets them know you have a full
text: range of motion down there.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Simon and James stand outside a restaurant watching as
text: people walk in.
text: James stares intensely into the eyes of a MODERATELY
text: ATTRACTIVE WOMAN and licks his lips slightly. The woman
text: looks at James as she enters the restaurant.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (triumphant )
dialog: Did you see that? She was all
dialog: over me.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: She was?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Of course. It’s because of my lip
dialog: action.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Show the tongue, but not like a
dialog: lizard. You try.
text: Another woman walks into the restaurant and Simon tries to
text: lick his lip, but when he does so it somehow looks
text: grotesque.
text: The woman huffs into the restaurant.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - NIGHT
text: Simon and James are again standing close to one another.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: When you’re standing next to
dialog: them, or sitting, you want to put
dialog: your hand on their lower back.
dialog: See?
text: James reaches out and puts his hand on Simon’s lower back.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Not the ass, they sometimes get
dialog: upset about that, but just above
dialog: them.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: It shows you’re interested and
dialog: you could push them down the
dialog: stairs at any moment.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Because you’ve got the leverage.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Here?
text: Simon puts his hand on James lower back. James swats him
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Stop that. It’s gay.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You just did that to me.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But it was me: you see the
dialog: difference? You can’t be doing
dialog: anything gay.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No ice cream cones.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I like ice cream.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Of course: it’s delicious. Ice
dialog: cream is fine - in a cup - but a
dialog: cone is gay, unless you’re with a
dialog: woman at the time.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (confused, but going
dialog: with it)
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: No riding on a motorcycle with
text: another man.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The only exceptions are drive by
dialog: shootings, purse snatching, or
dialog: bomb throwing. Anything else is
dialog: gay.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You know a lot about this stuff.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Defense wins championships.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Simon and James again walking side by side.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You need to tell them how great
dialog: you are, all the time. Which
dialog: means you’1ll have to make things
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What if they find out?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Make it hard to research. Like
dialog: you were the captain of a Jai
dialog: alai team in high school and a
dialog: brigadier general in the navy
dialog: with four confirmed kills.
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t think anybody’d believe
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Then change the subject, and deny
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t know if this is me.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: How has being you worked?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You understand everything I told
dialog: you?
text: Simon looks a bit overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Show me. Walk over to me and
dialog: talk.
text: Simon looks hesitant. Finally he starts walking toward
text: James with a strange, over-pronounced swagger while licking
text: his lips furiously. He looks ridiculous.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Hello, there. I did three tours
text: with the merchant marines.
text: James smiles and nods at him proudly.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: This just might work.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: SIMON sits opposite HANNAH in a restaurant.
text: He looks very uncomfortable. HANNAH shifts in her seat.
text: It is silent for a long, long time.
speaker_heading: SIMON(V.O.)
dialog: You're fucking this up. Say
dialog: something. Just say something.
dialog: Anything. How can you be fucking
dialog: this up so badly?
text: We see Hannah play with her food.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Hannah)
dialog: I used to be an Olympic swimmer.
speaker_heading: SIMON(V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Go to the bathroom now.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you excuse me?
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT BATHROOM - .EVENING
text: SIMON/JAMES goes into one,of the cubicles. JAMES is there
text: waiting for him. He has a small radio transmitting device
text: and headphones.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I can’t do this with you shouting
dialog: in my ear.
text: Simon takes an earpiece out of his ear, and starts removing
text: a clip microphone from underneath his clothes.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Was your plan to spend the entire
dialog: evening mute? I thought we'd
dialog: planned this.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: She'd know I wasn’t you if I kept
dialog: opening my mouth. Even when I
dialog: said hello I saw her fill with
dialog: doubt.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Did you even jam your knee
dialog: between her thigh like I
dialog: suggested?
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: This'd be going fine if you'd say
dialog: what I tell you to.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Like that I want her well-lubed
dialog: for later? I can’t say things
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's why you live alone with a
dialog: telescope.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That was cruel. I’m sorry. It’s
dialog: just I really want this to work
dialog: out, and it’s frustrating me.
dialog: Come on, let’s try again.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I’m not going back up there. You
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are you kidding? After what
dialog: you've done? That's sending me to
dialog: my death.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: We can find out what it is she
dialog: likes,about you. Then I could try
dialog: to be more like that on the next
dialog: date if there’s a next date.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fine. But I’m not wearing that
dialog: thing.
text: JAMES indicates the microphone/transmitter.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You can watch. Isn’t that what
dialog: you prefer?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What’s that meant to mean?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’m just messing with you.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I happen to have very serious
dialog: feelings for this person.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hey - I’m trying to help. Do you
dialog: think I like spending my entire
dialog: fucking evening in the toilet?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's alright. Remember: we're
dialog: helping each other out, okay?
dialog: Give me your clothes. From now on
dialog: we should always wear the same
dialog: clothes.
text: They start undressing.
scene_heading: EXT. BATHROOM CUBICLE - CONTINUOUS
text: JAMES steps out, quickly followed by SIMON. A man washing
text: his hands at the sink double takes.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS
text: James and Simon get to the door leading back into the
text: restaurant. James peeks through it, but can’t see Hannah.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Did you move tables?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No-
text: Simon watches James walk into the restaurant and summon a
dialog: waiter.
text: The waiter points to the door.
text: JAMES glances at Simon, then turns and runs.
text: SIMON pokes his head out more, trying not to be seen.
text: We see HANNAH collecting her coat by the front desk, on her
text: way out. She leaves just before JAMES gets there.
text: JAMES runs over and follows her out of the restaurant.
text: Simon creeps out from behind the door, still nervous of
dialog: being discovered.
text: He can see HANNAH and James engaged in a heated row
text: outside. It is raining, and Hannah’s starting to get
text: drenched. JAMES offers his coat, but she rejects it.
text: Hannah turns to leave, but James pulls her back to him. She
text: slaps his face, then he slaps hers. She looks completely
text: shocked. She starts to cry.
dialog: 57.
text: James hugs her. Hannah punches him from within the hug.
text: James leans in to kiss her, Hannah struggles before seeming
dialog: to submit completely.
text: The table at the front of the restaurant breaks out into
text: spontaneous applause. We see Hannah and James look back in
text: through the window, shy and coquettish, give an ironic bow
text: and skip off into the night.
text: We stay on Simon, perplexed and breathless. As he gathers
text: his wits and makes to follow, another waiter brings him the
dialog: cheque for the meal.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - NIGHT
text: SIMON hurtles up the stairs to his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: He dashes over to the telescope and points it at HANNAH'S
text: APARTMENT, but the blinds, for the first time, are closed.
speaker_heading: FIVE
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Simon waits for, JAMES. He’s still angry and is half-pacing.
text: When he finally sees him, he bounds over to intercept.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: James!
text: James ignores him, swipes in using his card, skips through
text: the» lobby”“and catches the elevator, just as the door is
dialog: closing.
text: He gives Simon a wink.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (to Simon)
dialog: Visitors need to sign in.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: I’m not a visitor.
text: He starts filling out the form, Simon looks up and sees
text: Hannah, a dreamy look on her face.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Hannah! Wait up!
text: But she’s gone.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. PHOTOCOPYING DEPT - DAY
text: SIMON watches HANNAH from afar. She seems very happy.
text: He approaches the desk, holding a few sheets of A4. Again
text: Liz is there to greet him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Hi. I know the policy, but my
text: printer’s actually broken.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Hannah! That creepy guy’s here
dialog: again.
text: Hannah comes over, still in a good mood.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Hi, creepy guy.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Hey Hannah. I was just saying to
dialog: your colleague that I know the
dialog: policy, but that my printer’s
dialog: broken -
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Do you want me to call and get it
dialog: fixed?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Sorry, -
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What’s your desk number?
text: She's picked up the phone and is already dialling.
speaker_heading: VOICE ON PHONE (0.S.)
dialog: Hello? Tech support
text: Simon quickly cuts off the phone.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: That’s okay. I need a copy pretty
dialog: urgently. And you know how long
dialog: those guys take. Like forever.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I’ve found them to be very
dialog: timely.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Oh yeah- you had your date with
dialog: James last night. Did you? Was
dialog: that last night?
text: There’s a pause.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Do you want me to photocopy
dialog: these?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes, please. That’s why I’m here.
text: Hannah goes over to the machine. Simon has an agonising
text: wait while his papers go through. Hannah returns with them.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: One copy.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: So how did it go?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: How did what go?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: With James. I just wanted to ask.
text: HANNAH isn’t about to help out.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s just seeing that I made the
dialog: introduction-
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Thanks for the introduction -
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I just wanted to make sure -
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: That he didn’t take advantage of
dialog: me?
text: There is a long pause.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Did he? Do that? Because I feel
dialog: sort of responsible. Seeing as I
dialog: made the introduction.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: That’s very kind of you.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But you’re okay?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I’m okay.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I’m pleased. That’s a relief.
dialog: Good.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Simon marches to his desk with the papers. He looks around
text: for James, but he’s nowhere to be seen.
scene_heading: INT. COFFE ROOM - DAY
text: Simon sees Harris banging the machine.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Hey, do you have any change for
dialog: this thing?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Have you seen James?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
text: He’s in with Papadopoulos.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Papadopoulos?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I know. Do you think he’1ll take
dialog: us with him?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: When he’s promoted?
text: Harris gives the machine another violent whack.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Simon sits at his desk. JAMES is still not there. He looks
text: through a report that’s sitting on his desk, but he can’t
dialog: really concentrate.
text: He gets up and wanders up towards Papadopoulos’s offices.
text: He smiles at the secretary. She does not return it.
text: Then he hears voices come closer to the door. He scampers
text: back to his desk.
text: He takes a clear plastic folder from an office supply table
text: and sits down to cover the project that’s lying on his
dialog: desk.
text: James suddenly appears next to Simon.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Do you have those papers, Simon?
text: Mr. Papadopoulos is waiting.
text: Simon looks at him.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: The papers.
text: James says 'the papers” very slowly as if Simon is deaf or
dialog: stupid.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What the hell happened last
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We can talk about that later. I’m
text: just about to get promoted, which
dialog: means you’re about to get
dialog: promoted, so why don’t we get the
dialog: papers to Papadopoulus before he
text: puts Harris in charge.
text: SIMON can sees Papadopoulos looking over from near his
text: office. They start talking in hurried whispers with fixed
text: smiles on their faces, for the benefit of Papadopoulos.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: This was the plan, right? We were
dialog: going to run this place.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: We had a plan last night.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Which you fucked up and I had to
dialog: save with some brilliant
dialog: improvisation and anyway I said
dialog: let’s,talk about that later so
dialog: stop being such a freak I’m not
text: even attracted to her.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The papers.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Some time today...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I'm just putting a cover on them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let me give you a hand.
text: And with that James holds forth his hand as though offering
dialog: a truce.
dialog: 62.
text: Simon, still fiddling with the report absently grabs the
text: offered hand.
text: The hand comes off in Simon's. It is a fake hand. James
text: cackles, uproariously.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: But seriously, you need some
dialog: help?
text: Simon shakes his head, annoyed. He is finishing putting the
text: cover on the report.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No no. That's all right. It's
dialog: finished and I just have to...
text: Simon tries to put on the cover, but only uses one hand,
text: holding the fake hand James has given him.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh please. Let me do it.
text: James reaches for the project. Simon tries to grab it and
text: they both start pulling, trying to get it out of each
dialog: other's hands.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (more insistent)
dialog: No. Really, it's,okay. I can do
dialog: it.
text: Papadopoulos is really staring now.
text: Simon stops, hesitant to make a scene in front of
dialog: Papadopoulos.
text: Simon turns to pick up the project and realizes that it is
text: gone. Jamés has taken it and is walking toward
dialog: Papadopoulos.
text: Simon trots after him.
text: Papadopoulos takes the report from James, as Simon stands
text: dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Great work, James. It's good to
dialog: see you at it already. That's
dialog: the kind of initiative I like.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you, sir. I just think that
dialog: a man should do the best he can
dialog: possibly do at the work he's
dialog: doing.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: That's the spirit.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But, sir.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: I don’t know what I’m paying you
dialog: people for. This guy just
dialog: started.
dialog: (to Simon)
dialog: Why can’t you work like that?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Sir! I think I have to make
text: things clear.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Umm...
text: James smiles at Papadopoulos with a pitying look.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: I’m not angry with you, son, I
dialog: just hope you can raise the level
dialog: of your performance. Hell, why
dialog: don’t you work with James here.
dialog: See if you can help him put
dialog: something together.
text: Simon looks shell-shocked, he is so angry he can barely
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I can, I.s..will.
text: Papadopoulos finally seems to really look at Simon. He
text: notices the hand that James gave Simon.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: What’s this, a joke?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: That is Mr. Steven's hand!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What?
text: Papadopoulos grabs it from Simon.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: I don't know what kind of sick
dialog: game you're playing, friend, but
dialog: I won't have any of it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Stevens has been looking all
dialog: over for that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don’t move, I’m armed.
text: Papadopoulos and James laugh at the joke and Simon turns
text: around and sees Mr. Stevens, sitting at a cubicle. He only
text: has a stump where his hand should be.
text: And with that Papadopoulos takes the hand to Mr. Stevens.
text: James follows Papadopoulos back into the office, he turns
dialog: to give Simon a smile.
text: Just before the door whooshes shut, Simon can see The
text: Colonel walk up to JAMES and grab him warmly by the hand.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - EVENING
dialog: Simon is one of the last people there. We time fade. Simon
text: is alone. Still no sign of James.
text: He walks up once more to Papadopoulos’s office. He listens
text: to the door. Nothing.
text: Confused, he leaves the office.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE LOBBY - EVENING
text: Simon approaches the guards
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You didn’t see anyone leave -
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I see a lot of people leave.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No, I meant a specific person.
dialog: James Simon.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He kind of looks like me.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: No offence, but I doubt I’d
dialog: notice someone who looks like
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - EVENING
text: Simon stands on an empty train carriage, looking at himself
text: in the window, distorted and strafed with amber.
scene_heading: INT. OLD-FOLKS HOME - NIGHT
text: Simon stands a few feet away from his seated mother. His
text: mother looks very bad, pale and thin, much worse than when
dialog: we first saw him.
dialog: 65.
text: A few feet away the gypsy woman is looking at him.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Mother, is it possible? Did I
dialog: have a twin?
text: She doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This used to be my favorite song.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: There’s no song playing. And
dialog: besides, you hate music.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: I think the nurse stole my
text: undershirt.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: She didn’t steal your undershirts
dialog: Are you listening to me?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: She keeps looking at me through
text: her shifty eyes.
text: Simon, frustrated, tries to stop one orderly who walks by,
dialog: and then another.
text: Finally someone,comes over to speak to him.
speaker_heading: STAFF
dialog: You know, I’m busy.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes, of course, but it’s about my
dialog: mother.
dialog: (beat)
text: She seems worse. She hasn’t even
dialog: insulted me.
text: The man looks annoyed, he flips through some pages of a
dialog: chart.
speaker_heading: STAFF
dialog: Oh yes, she had some problem with
dialog: blood circulation to the brain
dialog: yesterday.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Like a stroke!
speaker_heading: STAFF
dialog: We prefer to call them cerebral
dialog: incidents. They happen all the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: STAFF (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Cheers!
text: And the staff member moves off.
text: Simon walks over to his mother, her face seems slightly
text: stricken, she stares at him, angrily, through one focused
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: GYPSY WOMAN
dialog: Le Mark!
text: Simon turns around, surprised again by the woman.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GYPSY WOMAN
dialog: You have the mark. I see it in
dialog: you. You’re half a man.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A person cannot be two, but one.
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: You must cut him out!
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You are talking about him, aren't
dialog: you?
text: She leans forward and taking something from beneath her
text: blankets she hands it to Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: What do I do? Won’t you tell me?
text: The woman _turns away and we hear a clattering from Simon's
dialog: mother.
text: He “looks at her, then down at his hands. The woman has
text: given him a bone-handled knife. On the bottom we see a
text: carved image of two snakes, each in the act of consuming
dialog: the other.
speaker_heading: GYPSY WOMAN
dialog: The double, must die.
scene_heading: EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Simon walks back through the enormous complex of tall
text: apartment buildings. His feet click loudly as he walks. He
text: looks almost like the last man on a dead planet.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Simon sits at his bed. He looks exhausted. He takes the
text: bone-handled knife from his pocket and stares at it for a
dialog: moment.
dialog: 67.
text: He places it into the drawer by his bed.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Simon is studying James’s apartment through his telescope.
text: He has been doing this for some time. There is no one
text: there. Briefly, he tilts down to Hannah’s apartment.
text: Hannah's watching the Sci-Fi show on TV, but occasionally
text: she gets up and paces about. She seems agitated.
text: On her walls we see several more pictures that Hannah has
text: drawn of James. There appear to be about a dozen of them.
text: Simon sighs.
text: Suddenly she seems to hear a noise. Tentatively, she pads
text: over to the door. She tries to listen to something that is
text: happening outside. She opens the door but there is no one
dialog: there.
text: Simon pans back up to James’s window, just in time to see
text: him tip toe in with MELANIE, they’re giggling. They shut
text: the door and start kissing.
text: James keeps motioning for her to be quiet.
text: Melanie goes over to the window and starts to draw the
text: blinds, but James stops her, making’sure they’re open.
text: As he’s kissing Melanie, he seems to glance over to Simon's
text: window, deliberately putting on a show.
text: Simon covers his mouth with disbelief. He can’t watch.
text: He thinks to himself, muttering.
text: He goes/to the phone and stabs in a number.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Hannah? It’s James. Come up. I
dialog: want you.
text: He replaces the receiver and winces to himself.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: She'll never buy it.
text: Simon returns to the window and watches Hannah beautify
dialog: herself.
text: She decides between a couple of different outfits, tries
text: one pair of shoes, then another, decides on a dress, before
text: taking off the dress and putting a coat on over her
dialog: underwear.
dialog: 68.
text: She checks herself in a full length mirror by the door,
text: messes up her hair and walks out the door.
text: Simon swings the telescope to James’ flat. He can’t find
dialog: where James or Melanie are.
text: After a beat, there’s obviously a doorbell sound, because
text: James gets up. He’s naked.
text: He grabs a robe and shuffles Melanie off into the bathroom.
text: James answers the door and sees Hannah, who’s allowed her
text: coat to fall open. There’s a clearly awkward exchange as
text: James tries to shoo her out of his apartment. Hannah
text: gathers up her coat, upset.
text: JAMES returns and sees MELANIE. They go through a virtual
text: re-enactment of the same pantomime between James and Hannah
text: outside the restaurant. But this time it ends with, Melanie
text: storming out.
text: Simon watches with delight.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - NIGHT
text: Simon and James sit next to one another at the counter of
text: an old style diner. They read the menu in silence.
text: Simon looks a little uncomfortable but James seems to be
dialog: composed.
text: The waitress comes over with a pad.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: What’11 it be?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Um...I’11 have a coke and a
dialog: bagel, please.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: We ran out of bagels.
text: Simon is flustered and looks through the menu again.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Well, I guess I'll just have a
dialog: coke then.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: A coke. And you?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'd like a coffee.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: A coffee.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And some scrambled eggs.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: We don’t serve breakfast in the
dialog: evening.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: It says so on the menu?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Do you still have eggs here?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And do you still have a frying
dialog: pan?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Then do me a favor and make me
text: some scrambled eggs.
text: Simon looks very embarrassed and the waitress sighs.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Fine. Anything else?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Bacon.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Bacon.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And toast.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
text: Toast.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And get me a glass of milk too.
speaker_heading: WATIRESS
dialog: Anything else.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That’s it.
speaker_heading: WATIRESS
dialog: You sure?
dialog: 70.
text: James hits his hand on the table and rattles the plates.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Just get me the damn food.
text: The waitress scowls and heads off. Simon looks at James as
text: though he’s an alien.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Simon, I want to thank you for
dialog: last night. Because after I
text: caught up with Melanie in the
dialog: corridor, we had the best make up
dialog: sex I’ve ever had. In the
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I want you to stop seeing Hannah.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: And I want you to stop messing
text: round with Melanie.
text: Simon shrugs.
speaker_heading: JAMES,
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: And) I want you tell Papadopoulos
dialog: that I’ve been doing all of your
dialog: work since you got here.
speaker_heading: PAUSE.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You see, if I do all that, you’d
dialog: have to explain to Papadopoulos
dialog: some of your teaching methods.
text: He fishes some Polaroids out of his jacket pocket and puts
text: them on the table. The pictures are of James and Melanie in
text: compromising positions. It is mostly kissing and groping.
text: The waitress comes over and fills up their coffee cups. She
text: looks at the pictures and then tuts at Simon.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: What the hell do you think you're
dialog: doing? Put them away -
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And before you imagine you can
dialog: pin this on me, who do you think
dialog: Papadopoulos is going to believe?
dialog: Some dink he still calls Stanley
dialog: or this guy?
text: He slides over a card.
text: Simon picks it up. It is a photo ID of JAMES’s smiling
text: face. Underneath it says, ‘JAMES SIMON: SENIOR EXECUTIVE’.
text: Simon puts the card back on the table and slides it back
dialog: over to James.
text: He doesn’t have the energy to speak.
text: The waitress comes over with the order.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: We're out of coke.
text: JAMES starts eating hungrily.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh: I need your key.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: To your apartment. While I don’t
dialog: exactly care about Hannah, I
dialog: don’t want to be,completely
dialog: insensitive. You see -
dialog: (he leans closer)
text: Melanie’s a bit of a screamer.
text: SIMON looks horrified.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: It'll be easier if we use your
dialog: place.
text: Utterly defeated, Simon fishes out a key from his pocket
text: and slides it over to JAMES.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: You should be proud: every time
dialog: she comes, she shouts out your
dialog: name.
text: JAMES looks at an attractive woman, sitting next to them.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey. I’m James.
text: SIMON looks up at the TV. The Sci-Fi serial is playing.
speaker_heading: SCI-FI DETECTIVE
dialog: Get up. Get up! Or do you want to
dialog: die on your knees like a snake?
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - EVENING
text: SIMON paces outside his building. It’s cold and he’s
text: shivering a little. He looks up to his window and mutters
text: to himself. The light is on.
text: Later- he sees the light go out.
text: He walks up the stairwell, hiding in a nook until Melanie
text: and James pass him. He climbs up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Simon jumps up several times and tries to grab something
text: from the door sill. He eventually scrapes a key off the
text: sill and picks it up. He drags himself into the room and
text: immediately strips the bed of its sheets.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: SIMON is sitting at his desk. He is typing at his computer.
text: We see: ‘REGRESSION ANALYSIS: A PROPOSAL BY SIMON JAMES.
dialog: Much of the work we do here is inefficient, and could be
dialog: vastly improved. In this report I will outline several keys
dialog: ways in which efficiency...’
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Simon?
text: Simon is taken off guard, surprised to see Hannah in his
text: domain. She looks upset and nervous.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think I can come to your
dialog: apartment tonight?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know it seems weird - it’s just
dialog: - I think James is seeing someone
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Right...
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: - and he told me that you
dialog: sometimes watch my apartment from
dialog: a telescope in your room - which
dialog: I’m fine with - I don’t care -
dialog: it’s actually reassuring ina
dialog: strange way —
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Do you want to go to the coffee
dialog: room, it’s a little public -
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: - and I thought it could be
dialog: interesting to find out exactly
text: who else he’s seeing.
text: Simon stands up and starts to usher her into a corridor,
text: away from the main room.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
text: Not that he’s even trying to hide
dialog: it -
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Does that mean he’s seeing you.
dialog: Because I wasn’t sure-?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I can hear them above me in that
dialog: room of his.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He’s not a very good guy.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Which I know and always have
dialog: known, but to be made a fool of
dialog: by...
speaker_heading: SIMON.
dialog: A villain. It’s not your fault.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Of course it is! I knew what he
dialog: was. But then he’d say something
dialog: about how he knew me. That he
dialog: could,tell I was a lonely person -
dialog: because he knew what it was like
dialog: to be lonely and lost and
dialog: invisible. Like someone could
text: push their hand straight through
dialog: you, and I'd just melt!
text: Hannah reaches out, distraught, and puts her hand on
text: Simon's chest.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I think you should definitely not
dialog: see him.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: You think you’re better? I’ve
dialog: seen you with Melanie.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Your apartment’s right opposite
dialog: mine so you might want to close
dialog: the blinds next time you
text: interfere with a minor.
text: Simon is petrified for a moment.
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: She’s nearly seventeen.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Fuck you, Polanski. Don’t worry -
dialog: I’m not going to tell - I just
dialog: didn’t think you had it in you.
text: She starts crying again, and leans in to Simon.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I just feel so fucking stupid to
dialog: have fallen for it all.
text: He hugs her, nervous that someone from the office will
dialog: intervene.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (really crying)
dialog: He told me he felt like
dialog: Pinnochio. I always loved that
dialog: movie. I just wanted to help him
dialog: and look after him!
text: We see Simon react, looking out over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’ttouch me! Why are you
dialog: touching me?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t know -
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: So can I come to your place?
dialog: Tonight?
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Simon sits at his desk. He’s working on his regression
text: analysis report. James appears and sits on his desk
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: It’s private. Can you not sit on
dialog: my desk?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I need the key tonight.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Again?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What can I say?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Can’t you use your place tonight?
dialog: I have someone coming over.
text: JAMES laughs.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: I do. What’s so funny about that?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hey. Mr. Papadopoulos!
text: Mr. Papadopoulos looks over.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Simon has something he wanted to
dialog: show you.
text: Papadopoulos starts to waddle towards them.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: This better be good.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Key -
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't...
text: Papadopoulos gets closer.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Key.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No.
text: Still closer. JAMES let’s a picture of him and MELANIE
text: float down onto the desk, it tumbles onto the floor. Simon,
text: puts his foot on it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I have more.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Fine.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’ll get a copy cut. Save future
dialog: confusion.
text: James takes the key and scoots off, leaving Papadopoulos
dialog: with Simon.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Er... Nothing. Sorry.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: You need to shape up, Stanley. I
dialog: want to see some real work from
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Actually I’m working on something
dialog: at the moment - something I think
dialog: could help efficiency in the way=
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Don’t mistake my kindness. for
dialog: weakness.
text: He waddles away.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BLOCK - EVENING
text: Simon is pacing,outside his apartment. The light is on.
text: He’s urging them to hurry up.
text: Hannah approaches.,Simon steels himself.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Look, tonight’s tricky.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Come on. I’m not in the mood
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I’m sorry, it’s not possible.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You've been stalking me for as
dialog: long as I’ve known you and now
dialog: you won’t let me into your
dialog: apartment?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I arranged to see Melanie
dialog: tonight.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m outside now because I have to
text: sneak her in the service entrance
dialog: so the doorman doesn’t us.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You’re a snake.
text: She shakes her head and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS
text: Over music, we see SIMON wandering around the city at
dialog: night.
text: He goes to the Bridge.
text: He has a coffee in a diner.
text: He sits at a bench. An old, frightening looking man sits
text: next to him. Simon gets up.
text: He tries to sleep in a doorway but is moved on by a
dialog: policeman
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE LOBBY - MORNING
text: Simon turns up at work, and signs in looking totally
text: dishevelled. Hannah walks by him with a look of contempt.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Simon’s at his desk, staring, crushed with tiredness.
text: He sees JAMES and MELANIE flirting outside his office. She
text: laughs loudly at his jokes and leans provocatively against
text: the door.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS —- NIGHT
text: Simon walks through the city. At one point his shadow
text: briefly seems like it’s moving independently of him. He
text: turns round and sees the frightening man who sat next to
dialog: him»on the bench.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT DUMPSTER - NIGHT
text: Simon, out of habit, looks through the dumpster outside of
text: Hannah’s apartment.
text: Simon frantically pieces a few torn up strips of paper
text: together. They are pictures of James, but somehow this time
text: they look more like Simon.
scene_heading: EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Simon watches Hannah enter her apartment from near the
text: entrance to his. We see he wants to talk to her but holds
text: back. She turns and sees him, she looks up to his
text: apartment, she sees JAMES walk to the window, he has no top
text: on, MELANIE approaches him and nuzzles his neck.
text: She looks back at Simon.
dialog: 78.
text: She walks over to Simon and slaps him hard on the face.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: I’m sorry, I haven’t done
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You haven't, have you? You don’t
dialog: do anything.
text: Simon doesn’t say anything and Hannah turns, going back to
text: her apartment. Simon puts his hand to his face.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT DOOR - NIGHT
text: Simon bangs on the door. There’s no answer. We just hear
text: giggling.
text: He bangs on the door again.
text: JAMES opens the door, brandishing a._knife. He launches at
text: Simon, knocking him to the ground. James straddles him and
text: runs the knife along Simon’s face.
speaker_heading: JAMES,
dialog: What did I tell you? What did I
dialog: tell you about disturbing me?
text: Simon is terrified. He looks closely at the knife - with
text: disbelief. On the bottom we see carved a picture of a snake
text: eating another snake.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Where did you get that?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What’s yours is mine.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: None of it’s yours.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You want it back?
text: James rests the knife on Simon’s Adam’s apple and gives it
text: a quick flick. It starts to bleed.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Have it.
text: He throws the knife down next to Simon.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, take care of yourself, we're
dialog: in this together.
text: James slams the door shut.
speaker_heading: MELANIE (0.S.)
dialog: Who was that?
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.S.)
dialog: Oh - that James idiot...
text: Simon touches his neck and looks at the blood on his hand.
text: He looks at the knife on the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Simon walks down the street late at night. Many people are
text: out, drunken and loud. He has been drinking, and looks a
text: little unsteady.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERPASS - NIGHT
text: Simon seems to be walking in a world of shadows. He hums
text: quietly to himself and we hear footsteps behind him.
speaker_heading: VAGRANT
dialog: You have a cigarette?
text: Simon turns and sees three dirty looking men following him.
text: They seem ominous.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t smoke.
speaker_heading: VAGRANT
dialog: You lying?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Simon, drunk, seems to smile to himself as the men descend
text: on him. They hit him and Simon collapses in a heap. They
text: begin to kick at him and hit him in the face.
text: Simon almost seems to smile, as though he is floating out
text: of his body.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Stop it, I know this guy.
text: The men mutter and move away. Simon is helped to his feet,
dialog: we're not sure by whom.
scene_heading: EXT. BENCH - NIGHT
text: Simon is sitting with the frightening man. It’s clear that
text: they're familiar with one another now, almost friends.
dialog: 80.
text: Simon has bought some food for them both. His face is
text: marked up with dried blood. They eat side by side.
speaker_heading: FRIGHTENING MAN
dialog: In Russia we have a story. Two
text: snakes are born, brothers. After
dialog: a few months they grow and they
dialog: shake the skin off so they can
dialog: grow bigger. One snake he says it
dialog: hurts too bad. So he’s not going
dialog: to eat no more. Just enough to
dialog: live, so he doesn’t have to get a
text: new skin. The other snake, he
dialog: eats everything, he wants to get
dialog: bigger, so he eats everything he
text: can, and he grows strong.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: And what happens? To the snakes?
speaker_heading: FRIGHTENING MAN
text: The big snake, he eats his
dialog: brother, the one who doesn’t
dialog: grow. He becomes the biggest
dialog: snake.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - LATER
text: Simon tries to sleep in the stairwell of his apartment
text: block. He is woken up by seeing MELANIE and JAMES leave. He
text: collects the key from above the apartment door.
text: He looks around his apartment - it’s a mess. Stuck between
text: the frame and the mattress, Simon finds a pair of
text: handcuffs. He picks them up and stares at them. He places
text: them, along with the snake-handled knife, in the drawer
text: next to his bed. To his disbelief, there’s ANOTHER snake-
text: handled knife already in the drawer.
text: He clears up some of the stuff lying around. He goes to the
text: bathroom and sees the mark on his neck, it’s ugly and
text: bruised. He cleans it and covers it with a plaster.
text: The rest of Simon’s face is bruised as well, including a
text: dark and ugly black eye.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - MORNING
text: Simon, his face bruised and battered walks through the
text: lobby. He’s stopped by a guard.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Over here.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I know, I have to sign the guest
dialog: book.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Simon James.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I thought, so, you’re wanted in
dialog: worker services.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL OFFICE - DAY
text: Simon sits across from a man with a tiny bow-tie. The man
text: smacks his gum.
speaker_heading: OFFICE WORKER
dialog: You don’t exist anymore.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: OFFICE WORKER
dialog: You're no longer in the system:
dialog: You're gone.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I work here. I am sitting in this
dialog: chair, am I not?
speaker_heading: OFFICE WORKER
dialog: I smell you.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (seething)
dialog: I’ve had»some problems with my
dialog: apartment.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Put me back into the system.
speaker_heading: OFFICE WORKER
dialog: I can’t do that.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: OFFICE WORKER
dialog: Doesn’t work like that. You
dialog: either exist, or you don’t.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You’re welcome to carry on
dialog: working here, it’s just we won't
dialog: be able to pay you anymore.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S CUBICLE - DAY
text: Simon hasn’t even looked through the papers piled at his
text: desk, instead keeping his eyes solely focused on James’
text: desk. It is empty.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: You alright, buddy?
text: Simon jumps to attention.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yeah, thanks Harris.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: It’s got to be tough on you.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yeah, yeah I guess it is.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I got this book for you.
text: Harris hands Simon a book whose title is, ‘Conquering
dialog: Substance Abuse.’
speaker_heading: HARRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: James told us about
dialog: your...problems.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Thanks Harris. But I don’t...
speaker_heading: HARRIS,
dialog: You're welcome..You need to
dialog: finish it in the next week
dialog: though, it’s only returnable
dialog: through Friday.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I was gonna ask you... But this
dialog: might not be the best time.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yeah, I'll help you.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Oh, thanks bud. If you could have
dialog: it ready by tomorrow.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Fine. I don’t like you at all,
dialog: but you’re the only thing close
dialog: to a friend that I have here.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I feel the same way about you. I
dialog: just need to warn you though, I
dialog: think you're like, on some kind
dialog: of probation.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: HARRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You know: you’ve been showing up
text: late, smelling kind of bad.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Where is James?
text: Simon starts to walk back towards his desk.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: I think he’s in his office now.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He has an office?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Yeah, Papadopoulos is pretty
text: impressed with him. Apparently
dialog: he’s written this incredible
dialog: report on how to increase
dialog: efficiency in the department.
text: Simon doesn’t even change expression.
speaker_heading: HARRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey: do you know what regression
dialog: analysis is?
scene_heading: EXT. JAMES’ OFFICE - A LITTLE LATER
text: James, indeed has a new office. Simon storms past the
dialog: secretary.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Simon opens the door. An irritated secretary is behind him.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Mr Simon is in an important
dialog: meeting...
text: James, leaning on the edge of an enormous desk, is
text: finishing telling a joke. He seems extremely comfortable.
text: Three or four people from the department are there, as well
dialog: as Papadopolous and Mr. Stevens.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So two Chinese virgins get
dialog: married right? And it’s the night
dialog: of the wedding and they just
text: finished boning.
text: The other workers chuckle, anticipating a joke.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: And the husband says. That was
dialog: great, is there anything you’d
dialog: like to try? And the woman
dialog: says...
dialog: 84.
text: Simon approaches, looking pale as a sheet. He notices that
text: James has a plaster on his Adam’s apple: it looks exactly
text: the same as Simon’s.
text: He also has a black eye, the same as Simon's.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Mr. Papadopolous...
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Hold on a sec. The woman says,
dialog: I'd like to try a number sixty
dialog: nine.
dialog: (beat)
text: And the guy thinks for a second,
dialog: and he says, “You want Breef wiff
dialog: Broccori?!"
text: James roars with laughter and the other workers laugh as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Sir, I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I work here.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: You have,a lot of nerve.
text: Simon points at James.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: This man is a fraud!
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: You should talk! He’s the finest
dialog: new employee we’ve ever had.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: He doesn’t even know what we do
dialog: here!
text: They turn to James who remains calm.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (shrugging,
dialog: confident)
dialog: Oh, you know. This and that...
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: See there, calm down, son.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He’s an idiot!
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, why don’t I help him out, he
dialog: seems like he’s...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Stay away from me. Sir, this
dialog: can’t stand.
text: SIMON notices JAMES’ eye, and the bruise, which looks
text: identical to his.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Where’d you get that?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Racketball. Hell of a sport, you
dialog: should try it, relieves stress.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Son, I think you might be having
dialog: a psychotic...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I took his test for him. And he
dialog: ripped off my report. He’s out to
dialog: get me! He stole my face!
text: People exchange glances as though Simon is crazy.
text: Simon points at his face. He is wide-eyed and on the edge.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: He stole it from me!
text: For the first time,Simon has really lost it, really out of
text: control. His mild manner is gone. The whole room watches
dialog: him.
text: James walks forward and grabs Simon’s arm. Simon tears it
text: away from him.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Get off of me.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: You need to leave, now.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (backing away from
dialog: everyone)
dialog: I need...
dialog: (catching breath)
dialog: To see the Colonel.
text: Simon seems to be losing steam, getting dizzy.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: The Colonel will understand.
dialog: (breathing heavy)
dialog: I just need to see him.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: Son, you need some help.
text: We see JAMES press a button underneath his desk.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t need help!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We all love you, Simon.
text: There is a big scrum, a wild fight, Simon swings wildly.
text: Somehow he manages to separate himself, and we see he has
text: somehow grabbed hold of Mr. Stevens’ hand.
text: Two security guards have now arrived.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Please come with me, sir.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No.
text: He holds it out in a threatening manner. As though it were
text: a gun. His hand shakes.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay back.
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: Sir, you need to come with us.
text: Simon runs at JAMES again but his arms are pinned by the
text: security guards. They hold him down on the floor.
speaker_heading: PAPADOPOULOS
dialog: You're a disgrace to the Colonel,
dialog: son!
text: JAMES walks up to Simon with menace, crouches and whispers
text: in his ear.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Your time is over, Simon.
text: The guards grab Simon by the arms and Simon does not
text: protest as they lead him from the office.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: SEVEN
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: SIMON is sitting on the edge of the bridge where he likes
text: to think. He has his small cardboard box on his lap.
text: He looks up at the monumental office buildings around him
text: and the cars rushing by below.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR IN SIMON’S APARTMENT
text: Simon RIDES the elevator, holding his small box of office
dialog: possessions.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT
text: Simon retrieves his key from the top of the door sill and
text: wearily walks in.
text: The place is disgusting: a feral den. There are empty
text: bottles and take away cartons on the floor alongside a pair
text: of soiled latex gloves.
text: The bed has been dragged to the middle of the room and has
text: a pair of handcuffs attached to it.
text: There is a video camera trained on a high tripod above the
text: bed linked to the television which, in turn, shows the
text: somehow frightening image,of the bed. Simon switches the
text: camera off. The television then shows a the SCI-FI SHOW.
speaker_heading: SCI-FI DETECTIVE
dialog: Ruins. This World is Ruins.
text: Simon switches off the television.
text: Simon clears up the room and throws out various bits of
text: trash. When he’s finished, the room is almost completely
text: bare.
text: He checks his phone messages. Nothing.
text: He takes the handcuffs from the bed and pauses a moment
text: before placing them in a drawer by the bed. The same drawer
text: that now contains the snake-handled knives.
text: He sits down at a table and starts to write. We see the
dialog: start of the note
dialog: ‘To whom it may concern. I have decided to end my life
dialog: because I no longer exist. A person should amount to
dialog: something and not float around this earth like a ghost.’ He
text: pauses for thought. He screws up the note and starts again.
dialog: ‘To whom it may concern. I am a ghost.’
dialog: 88.
text: He then adds.
dialog: ‘I am sorry.’
text: He folds up the note, places it in his top pocket and walks
text: to the window. He opens it and starts to climb out onto the
text: ledge when he sees something. He almost falls, but manages
text: to stumble back inside. He hurriedly locates his telescope
text: and peers through.
text: We see Hannah lying on the floor of her apartment,
text: completely inert. Simon pans and we see an empty bottle of
text: pills just by her out stretched hand.
text: SIMON puts his hand to his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - LATER
text: Hannah rests on a gurney. She is being wheeled quickly down
text: the hallway of a hospital. There is vomit on her top and
text: she seems to be in some pain. Simon is running along side,
text: trying to keep up.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Is she going to be okay? I don’t
dialog: know how many she swallowed.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You need to leave now, sir.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: We're married!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Please, sir. We’ll take good care
dialog: of her.
text: SIMON reluctantly stops running and watches Hannah and the
text: medics disappear through some double doors.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - LATER
text: SIMON is sitting in a waiting room. A doctor comes in.
text: SIMON looks up.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL —- CORRIDOR
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Has she done this kind of thing
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No. I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I'm afraid to say she’s had a
dialog: miscarriage.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry. Was this your first
dialog: pregnancy?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Erm... yes.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: The good thing is, she’s healthy.
dialog: You've plenty of time to try
dialog: again. How long have you been
dialog: married?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Not long. We’re about to be.
dialog: We're engaged. But I just lost my
dialog: job so - I couldn't buy her a
dialog: ring - and we had this fight so -
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Look after her.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I will. Thank you.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You’11 work it out.
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH’S APARTMENT BLOCK
text: SIMON and a GROGGY-LOOKING HANNAH travel up in the lift
dialog: together.
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH’S APARTMENT -— CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Thanks for letting me stay. I've
dialog: been kind of sleeping rough
dialog: since... for a while anyway.
text: He trails off.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: They’re normally gone by the
dialog: morning...
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH'S BEDROOM - LATER
text: Hannah is under the covers. SIMON tentatively gets on to
text: the bed and lies on top of the duvet, as far from HANNAH as
text: he can be without falling off the side.
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH'S BEDROOM - NEXT DAY
text: SIMON wakes up.
text: He checks on Hannah - she’s still sleeping.
dialog: 90.
text: He creeps out of Hannah’s room and into the sitting room,
text: unable to believe he’s there. He searches in his bag and
text: fishes out a book. He places it next to Hannah.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - LATER
text: Simon rides the lift up to his apartment. He almost looks
dialog: happy.
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: HANNAH wakes up and sees a book on the pillow next to her.
text: It’s the book that Simon left. She opens it and sees it
text: contains the various pictures that she’d drawn, torn up and
text: threw away. They have been carefully put back together
text: again. In between one of the pages is a note written by
dialog: Simon. It says: ‘I think these are really good - Simons”
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Again, it’s a mess. But this time, Simon doesn’t seem to
dialog: mind as much.
text: He checks his messages.
text: We hear a voice.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Er, hi. This is.a message for
dialog: Simon. We’ve been trying you for
dialog: some time now. If you wish to
dialog: attend your mother’s funeral it
text: starts at 1l.am at the citizen’s
text: cemetery to the rear of the home.
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Then a beep.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETARY - DAY
text: Simon runs through an enormous cemetery. It is remarkably
text: ungreen and surrounded by huge buildings.
text: He looks around, frantic, trying to find where the funeral
text: is being held.
text: He approaches one grouping that looks like it could be for
text: his mother, all the people in attendance are quite old. A
text: priest is quietly saying a prayer and everyone’s eyes are
text: downcast. Unable to ask who this is for, he joins the group
text: and clasps his hands in front of him.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: ...-He maketh me to lie down in
dialog: green pastures; He leadeth me
text: beside the still
dialog: waters.
dialog: He restoreth my soul;
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: He leadeth me in the paths of
dialog: righteousness for His
dialog: name's sake.
dialog: Yea, though I walk through the
dialog: valley of the shadow of death, I
dialog: will fear no
dialog: evil; for Thou art with me; Thy
dialog: rod and Thy staff, they comfort
dialog: me.
dialog: Thou preparest a table before me
dialog: in the presence of mine enemies;
text: Simon looks up, past the priest.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Thou anointest my head with oil;
dialog: my cup runneth over.
text: Far in the distance, impossibly, he sees James and
text: standing next to another priest. Along with two or
text: people from the old people’s home.
text: James is putting soil on to the coffin. An old man
text: Napoleon hat is consoling him.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: Surely goodness and mercy shall
dialog: follow me all the days of my
dialog: life, and I will...
text: Simon, as angry as we've seen him, hurtles towards
speaker_heading: PRIEST (CONT'D)
dialog: ...dwell in the house of the Lord
dialog: forever.
text: We watch at a distance, as events unfold with grim
dialog: inevitability.
text: James ‘sees Simon approach and starts to back away.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: This is the crazy guy Simon told
dialog: us about?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Look: I can get you help- but
dialog: this is a time for family.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: What the fuck are you doing here?
dialog: His mother’s just died!
text: Simon launches at JAMES. Unlike in the office, the
dialog: Melanie
dialog: three
dialog: ina
dialog: them.
dialog: old
text: people assembled are unable to prise them apart. Simon
text: lands a great punch, right on James’s NOSE. James throws
text: his head back and squeals with pain. He drops to his knees.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Get up... Get up off your knees.
text: For a brief moment, Simon looks heroic, but then he notices
text: his nose is bleeding. He checks it with his hand, and looks
text: a the blood on his fingers
text: Then, a strangely demented scream. It’s the (very old)
text: priest running towards him. Simon backs away, but the
text: priest manages to push him over and Simon falls backward
text: into a freshly dug grave.
text: On the verge of consciousness, staring straight up at the
text: sky, Simon sees the small congregation assemble at the
text: grave’s perimeter.
text: As James looks over the grave, a drop of blood falls from
text: his nose and splashes on to Simon's face.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank God mother didn’t live to
dialog: see this.
text: Melanie spits.
text: Simon blacks out.
scene_heading: INT. GRAVE - MUCH LATER
text: It is now dusk. Simon wakes up.
text: He feels a great pain at the front of his face. He touches
text: his nose - it’s agony.
text: He sits up and feels something dripping from this nose. He
text: puts his hand tovshis face and his fingers become sticky
dialog: with blood.
dialog: We “see him think.
text: He smiles.
text: We cut to Simon climbing out of the grave, an absolute
text: mess, looking half-crazy.
text: He runs up to a parked hearse and looks at his reflection
text: in the black mirror. He looks at his bruised nose with
text: delight, checking it from all angles.
speaker_heading: EIGHT
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS VARIOUS - EARLY EVENING TO NIGHT
text: Simon runs. His face is smeared with blood. He is dirty
text: from the grave. He has a strangely joyous look on his face.
dialog: 93.
text: He runs and runs until he reaches the apartment complex
dialog: where he lives.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT LOBBY - NIGHT
text: SIMON runs in through the lobby and the janitor looks at
text: him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Who are you going to see?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Fuck off.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: (happy)
dialog: Oh, sorry James, didn’t recognize
dialog: you at first.
scene_heading: INT. — HANNAH'S APARTMENT
text: SIMON runs up to the door and rings the bell. HANNAH opens
text: the door. She is taken aback by how dishevelled-he is.
text: Simon grabs her and kisses her.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: That’s all I ever wanted ‘to do.
dialog: It’s funny how it happens isn’t
dialog: it? You go along, and along, and
dialog: along and then you just know.
dialog: (Hannah, looks
dialog: shocked)
dialog: I noticed you the first moment I
dialog: saw you.,And you recognized me
dialog: too, didn’t you?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t want to be a boy held up
dialog: by string. I don’t want to be
dialog: Pinocchio.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Simon, what happened to you?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I want you to be safe and whole
dialog: and right. But I have something
dialog: to do.
dialog: (beat, firm)
dialog: From now on you're going to need
dialog: to call me James. I’11 still be
dialog: Simon, but you need to call me
dialog: James.
dialog: 94,
text: He kisses her again.
speaker_heading: SIMON (CONT'D)
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Simon turns around abruptly and leaves Hannah speechless.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BLOCKS - A LITTLE LATER
text: We see SIMON walking briskly to his apartment block. He
text: looks back at HANNAH’S APARTMENT.
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH'S APARTMENT
text: Hannah looks out of her window at SIMON.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT
text: Gently, Simon opens the door.
text: In the dim light he can see James and Melanie sleeping on
dialog: his bed.
text: Simon quietly locates JAMES’ trousers and takes JAMES’
scene_heading: APARTMENT KEY and IDENTITY CARD.
text: He finds his TUXEDO and silent changes into it. He puts the
text: keys and card into his pocket.
text: He approaches the bed and inches open the drawer in the
text: bedside table. In it are the snake-handled knives and the
text: pair of handcuffs. He removes the handcuffs.
text: Carefully, he locks James’ hand to the bed head.
text: He picks up one of the knives and runs the tip of it very
text: near, but not touching, James’ face before placing its tip
text: on James’ throat. He looks at JAMES’S SWOLLEN nose.
text: In a quick move he removes the plaster on James’s Adam's
text: apple. Underneath, is the same ugly pick gash as Simon has
dialog: on his.
text: The phone rings
text: James stirs. Simon rushes over and picks up. He is still
text: holding the knife.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HANNAH (0.S.)
dialog: It’s Hannah. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: I’m okay.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You left kind of abruptly. Can I
dialog: come over?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Not right now
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You're not going to do something
dialog: stupid —-
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I don’t think so. Stay in your
dialog: apartment.
text: He hangs up the phone and walks over to James, holding the
text: knife. He looks down at him.
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH'S APARTMENT —- MOMENTS LATER
text: We see, from HANNAH'S POV SIMON running back across the
text: courtyard and entering the base of the apartment block.
scene_heading: INT. HANNAH'S APARTMENT BLOCK —- STAIRWELL
text: Hannah opens her door and walks to the lift. She checks to
dialog: see if Simon is coming up.
text: Instead she hears him clatter up the stairs.
text: She runs after him, but only catches up to see him
text: disappear into JAMES’ apartment. She bangs on the door.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT
text: Simon picks up the phone, as he holds it to his ear he
text: starts to change out of his clothes and into the tuxedo. We
text: hear Hannah banging outside the door.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes. I need an ambulance. How
dialog: long do you think it’1ll take?
dialog: Okay. Good.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Simon, what are you doing?
scene_heading: INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS
text: Simon washes his face in the bathroom sink. He looks at
text: himself in the bathroom mirror.
dialog: 96.
text: He takes out the snake-handled knife, raises the blade of
text: the knife to his face and hesitates.
text: We see Simon draw the knife to a spot a fraction to the
text: side of his left eye.
text: He cuts himself deeply and we see blood.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: We briefly see JAMES on the bed. He twitches in his sleep.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: We cut back to Simon, he has cut a deep gash into his face.
text: He looks at himself in the mirror.
text: He picks up a white flannel and presses it to his face to
dialog: stop the bleeding.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: Hannah is running down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT
text: Simon finishes off a note and pins,it to his lapel pocket.
text: SIMON walks over to the window and calmly opens it. He
text: steps out onto the ledge. He looks down, and inches across,
text: as though he’s aiming for something. Once he’s found his
text: spot he waits.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT
text: JAMES wakes up. His face is covered in blood. He tries to
text: get up, but the handcuffs prevent him. When he can’t find
text: the key. He starts to violently pull at them until they
text: come off. “His wrist starts to bleed. Melanie wakes up,
dialog: groggy:
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Simon, what are you doing?
text: She switches on the bedside lamp. James walks like an
text: automaton towards the window.
text: We hear the distant sound of an AMBULANCE approaching.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT
text: Simon stands calmly on the window ledge. He looks serene,
text: but notes the light now coming from his apartment. He looks
text: down, the ambulance is closer. He looks at his wrist, a
text: line of blood appears on it. He sucks the blood off,
text: staining his teeth.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. HANNAH'S APARTMENT BLOCK
text: Hannah looks up at JAMES’ apartment, trying to see what’s
text: going on.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Simon! What are you doing?
text: She hears the ambulance siren.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE
text: The drivers look around, trying to find where they’re meant
dialog: to be.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT
text: James’ looks out and sees a shape in the window of his
text: apartment. He puts his eye to the telescope.
text: The image JAMES sees is very similar to the one that SIMON
text: saw of the man about to jump.
text: Simon, dressed in a Dinner jacket, with a note pinned to
text: his lapel. He is holding a bloody flannel to his cheek. He
text: waves at JAMES.
text: JAMES waves back.
text: Simon jumps.
scene_heading: INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT
text: James watches as Simon falls.
speaker_heading: MELANIE
dialog: Simon! You're bleeding! Why are
dialog: you bleeding?
text: The sound of the ambulance is now LOUD. JAMES looks down at
text: SIMON’S mangled body on the ground. He can see HANNAH next
text: to him and the ambulance pull into his view.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I need to be in that ambulance.
scene_heading: EXT. HANNAH’S APARTMENT BLOCK - EVENING
text: SIMON is lying, twisted on the ground, blood leaking from
text: the back of his head. He looks barely alive.
text: In his POV, we see Hannah run in and crouch down next to
text: him. She is completely shocked.
text: She looks at the suicide not pinned to his lapel. We see
dialog: just the first line: ‘the pressures of being an executive
dialog: have caused me great distress’, and the last line, ‘James
dialog: Simon’
dialog: 98.
text: banging the chain of the handcuff with the base of the lamp
scene_heading: EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: You know what I’ve done?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I think so.
text: She looks at the long gash on the side of his face.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: I had to cut him out.
text: Behind her, in a rush, the medics arrive. They start
text: checking out the situation.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: What’s his name, ma’am?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: What’s his name?
speaker_heading: MEDIC 2
dialog: It helps if we can call them by
dialog: their name. It can make all >the
dialog: difference.
text: HANNAH takes a pause, as if trying to decide
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: His;name is James.
dialog: (to, Simon)
dialog: Your name is James, isn’t it?
text: They exchange a look. Simon nods.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: My name is James.
text: SIMON is lifted up onto a stretcher. The medics take him to
text: the ambulance. Hannah walks along side with him.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: You're really lucky to be alive,
dialog: James. We're going to get you to
text: a hospital straight away.
speaker_heading: MEDIC 2
dialog: Someone tipped us off - must’ve
dialog: seen you were gonna jump
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you’d been a foot to the
text: right, splat.
text: SIMON looks up and smiles.
dialog: 99.
text: Just as they’re about to get him into the ambulance, he
text: sees JAMES run out of the bottom of SIMON’S APARTMENT. They
text: exchange a look, before, all of a sudden, JAMES changes
text: expression. A sickly spurt of blood comes out of his mouth
text: and he drops, rigid, to the floor.
text: The medics put SIMON in the ambulance and slam the door
text: shot. They start to drive away.
text: No one else seems to have seen JAMES.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You're one in a million, James.
dialog: You know that?
text: He looks to where the voice has come from. We see SIMON’S
text: POV. There, sitting in the corner of the AMBULANCE, isthe
text: COLONEL, dressed in a medical uniform. He has a warm and
text: kind expression on his face.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Maybe...
text: SIMON looks out the window and smiles.
text: Lights flash on his face. The sound of the AMBULANCE
text: subsides.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
