dialog: a
dialog: v)
scene_heading: “THE STRANGER*
dialog: Temporary Draft
dialog: by
speaker_heading: ORSON WELLES,
speaker_heading: JOHN HUSTON
dialog: August 9, 1945
dialog: missy. P: &
scene_heading: FADE IN DURING
text: the distant sound of a great clock tolling the hour.
text: On a white field we see the twisted silhouette of a
text: demon. CAMERA moving down shows this to be cass from
text: a tree from the window outside. The curtains, full’ of
text: moonlight ,. are blowing in the wind. A beautiful girl
text: is lying in bed (MARY) - Her eyss are open. She is
text: counting the hours as the clock strikes. Something in
text: the sound of it mkee her wince with pain. On the
text: . Sound track (filtered) breathing, like the wind itself,
text: over the strange, light music we hear the voice of a :
dialog: MAN... :
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (RANKIN'S)
dialog: It's beautiful...It's beautiful
dialog: that war...Through the woods, over -
dialog: the little brook and through the
dialog: cemetery....
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: EXTERIV? LONGSTREET HOME NIGHT
text: The terrace is bright with moonlight. Slowly the
text: French doors from the living room open and the girl
text: comes out. She 1s fully dressed, She carries a
text: small package under one arm. CAMERA follows her as
text: she moves across the terrace - across the lawn and
text: off towards the fields and woods stretching into the
text: distance. A gust of wind blows the door shut with
text: a loud bang, .
scene_heading: EXTERIOR WOODS NIGHT
text: A gbostly fi, under the moon, the girl emerges
text: from the shadcws of the trees and reaches a little
text: stream at the edge. There is no hesitation as she
text: orosses on the stepping stones, only grim determination.
text: Reaching ,the opposite bank, she hurries on towards the
text: church whose spire points toward the moon in the middle
dialog: distance,
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR THE CEMETERY NIGHT
text: Unhesitatingly the girl picks her way through the rows.
text: of tombstones. Again she hears, weirdly, through the ~
text: faint complaint of the wind, a man's voice,
speaker_heading: KAN'S VOICE (RANKIN'S)
dialog: James Longstreet, 1896°1917,
dialog: Died for his country. Noah
dialog: Longstreet, 1642-1863. Died an ~
dialog: for his country. William .
dialog: Longstreet, 1713-1794. Died
dialog: for his country....
text: Ahead of her looms the church, its rear door plainly
text: in view. For a moment she hesitates, then contimes.
scene_heading: INTERIOR CHURCH NIGHT
text: It is full of ghostly shadows and eminous half-tones
text: from the moonl Lent diffused through the stained glass
text: windows, ‘The girl enters the empty church. She moves
text: down the sidé aisle and goes across a row of pews and
text: goes down the center aiule toward the Open door leading
text: into the vestibule,
scene_heading: INTERICR VESTIBULE NIGHT
text: The girl, holding her package very carefully, begins to
text: mount toward the belfry. CAMERA stays on her as she
text: climbs. She comes finally to a ladder. One ef its
text: rungs is missing. With her free hand the girl grasps
text: what still stands upright and continues on - - up into
dialog: the belfry. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To
scene_heading: A TOWN SQUARE NEW ENGLAND NIGHT :
text: Townspeeple are gathering under the moonlight ~~ men and
text: Women alike. They carry shotguns, rakes, basebell bats
text: any kind of hastily gathered weapon of protection. Some
text: are in various stages of hasty dressing, All are moving
dialog: toward the church. :
scene_heading: EXTERIVR CHURCH NIGHT WEY ANGLE
text: The townspeople are converging on the church from all
dialog: directions, — .
scene_heading: EXTERIOR CHURCH NIGHT STILL ANOTHER ANGLE
text: _ A plercing scream is heard.
dialog: 3.
text: The scream is so high that it is impossible to tell
dialog: whether it was uttered by a man or woman, Dimly on
text: the ledge below the clock ze see, high above us, two
text: figures apparently locked in a death struggle. It is
text: ditficult to see mich in the shadows but it looks as
text: though these figures are, respectively, male and female.
text: A buge gasp breathes from the crowd below as the two
text: figures, seeming to clutch at each ether, teeter and
text: fall toward us through the darkness. CAMERA swoops
text: down with this but we cannot see the figures fall to
text: earth, They arc blocked off by the backs of the
text: townspeople which now are silhouetted sharply against
text: the sky. & low excited muttering runs through the
dialog: crowd, then votces are distinguishable + New England
dialog: voices.
speaker_heading: FIRST VOICE
dialog: I didn't see it. You say they
dialog: both fell?
scene_heading: ‘ - ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: Yes, both of thom. Together.
scene_heading: ANOTHER VOICE IN CROWD
dialog: - ° Know who they werc?
text: The murmar ceases here. There is a short pause.
speaker_heading: ONE OF THE VOICES
dialog: I don't know anything about it.
dialog: Think wo'll ever hear what really
dialog: Rappencd?
scene_heading: STILL ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: (slewly)
dialog: I wonder... Who was he?
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: PADE IM - MAIN TITLZ. 4
speaker_heading: THE STRANGER
text: (As the screen darkens, a sort of combination PaDE ouT
text: und DISSOLVE), thore now glows out of the screen the
text: distorted fece of a grimacing demon. CAMERA raccs
text: back to disclose the demon mide of iron emerging thro
text: a dark portal through the side of the same massive clock
dialog: we s&w on the belfry. Supcrimposed over this is
speaker_heading: Yd
dialog: o~ .
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: THE MAIN TITLE
speaker_heading: THE STRANGER
text: CREDIT TITLES are Superimposed over the following -
text: The iron devil moving across the face of the clock
text: Sword in hand the angel pursues the demon as the heavy
text: chimes within sound stridently the hour of midnight.
speaker_heading: PADE OUT
speaker_heading: Y
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: *. BLUE SKY Day
text: GAMERA PANS DON a long narrow window to reveal WILSON.
text: Als face is grim as he listens to men's voices off scene.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Leave the cell door open, that's
dialog: @ll there is to it - Let hin
dialog: escape, *\
speaker_heading: FIRST VOICE
dialog: (an English accent)
dialog: In my view, it's all very irregular. \,
dialog: It might entail the moat embarrassing ie
dialog: repercussions <- \
speaker_heading: SECOND vorcE
dialog: (Prench accented)
dialog: Exactement. It is a responsibility
dialog: of the first magnitude.
scene_heading: . FIE.uT VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry, Ur, Wilson, out you -
dialog: must see....
text: Suddenly, without warning, Wilson turns on them. Eis.
text: voice is sharp with suddenly released rage,
speaker_heading: VILSOM .
dialog: Blast all this discussion. what
dialog: good are words....
dialog: (gosturing with his pipe)
dialog: I'm sick of words. Hang the .
dialog: repercussions and the responsibility.
dialog: if I fail...I'll be responsible.
dialog: You can threaten me with the bottom
dialog: pits of hell...and still I insist.
text: (he pounds on the desk
dialog: for -emphasis, the pipe
dialog: still in his hand)
dialog: This obscenity mst be destroyed.
dialog: You understand? Destroyed!
text: The stem snapa and the pipe falls in two Pieces on the
dialog: dea, .
speaker_heading: FADE OUT -
dialog: y
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: “EXTE\IOR DECK 8. 8. SIMON BOLIVAR - NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT: Wilecn's HAND, aa it writes with incredible neate
dialog: ness in a emall notobcok:
dialog: . "12 Octoher: Arrived Seuth
text: Amorica. Docked 4:00 P.M."
dialog: The han¢ restores tho netebcok te a pocket and produces a
text: Pipe. A band of tapo “inds the fractured ston,
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: _ EXTERIOR DECK NIGHT
text: From the top deke, CAMERA ts shootin= écwn on the lower foro-
dialog: deck, which 1g lichtee Sy orisht seorchlirhts, in which the
dialog: s¥oatin: faces cf tho Passenezcre shine in the hrt trepic nicht.
dialog: On tho dock t¢ @ lona table, behin? which an ation
text: Offiotal and the ship's Purgor Bit site hy side. Oppesito
dialog: thom ore linod $B ship's Passenrcrs, ag shabby lockins
text: as the ship itsolf.
dialog: 19
scene_heading: EXTENION LOWER DECK NIGHT
text: The Immisration Official Poachds cut and takes a passport fren
text: the man ‘ircetly in frent at hin.
scene_heading: TMACGRUATION OFFICTAL
dialog: (eallins out the
dialog: Ramo from it)
dialog: Aust Popedoscu.
dialog: (the Purser checks a nano
dialog: off his list. The Orfictal
dialog: speaks in Spanish)
dialog: Yrur “ugliness in this country, Senor?
dialog: the man shruva helplosaly.
dialog: Tho Official trioa En-lish)
dialog: Your husiness in this country, Soaner?
speaker_heading: POPODESCU
dialog: Commoreial.
dialog: Tho Official, with-ut further anc, stamps hia Ppaseport ard
dialog: honda it back to hin.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: (weartly)
dialog: Next, ploaagc.
dialog: da tho Official oxaminos the Roxt persrn, the CAMERA sWINGs
text: SLIGEILY te focus on MEINIXE tho next in line. Hig lips
text: move in a srundloss rhythm of "T an travelin~ for my health...
dialog: Ioan travolin- for my hoalth..,#
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
dialog: 19 (Continued) .
speaker_heading: a : . OFFICTAL
dialog: ~~: (calline off name)
dialog: . . Helone *e Vries. Your “usiness. tn
dialog: . thie ccuntry, Sonera?
speaker_heading: MADAME DE VRIES
dialog: T am Joining ny bushand.
speaker_heading: FFICIAL
dialog: . 01
dialog: (atampins the pageport)
dialog: Next plessa.
text: MEINIKE shuffilos the necoaeary step forward end oxtonds his
text: Passport with trom*lin:: fincors, his ‘lips continue to meve.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: (wath samo casuainess
dialog: aa he -pona tho passport)
dialog: Stefan Polowaki.
text: as ho proncunces the name, ho =lancos at MEINIXE. Tho Purser
dialog: makos ote chock mark ant ho, tee, leoks up. Thon the Official
text: turns back to the passport. :
scene_heading: INSERT; THE PasPORT
dialog: ~ Bearins MEINIXE'S almest unretomizarle piotire, it attests
text: Cm phat tho hoaror is Stofan Polowski, aged 46, a native of
dialog: orsaw.
dialog: 20.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
speaker_heading: (leoktne up at LEINIZE)
dialog: Your business, Soner?
text: MEINIXE, once asain completes his silent ropotition of the
text: phrase, thon speaks it aloud. .
speaker_heading: MEINIXE
dialog: T am traveline fcr my hoalth.
dialog: 4s he speaks the Official clances Upe
dialog: 21
scene_heading: , EXTERIOR UPPER DECK NIGHT
text: WILSON, loanine arainst a pillar, removes dead pipe with its
text: tapes stom from hotwoon hig lips an’ raps tho tnvorted hewl
dialog: twico atainst tho Talling. Then he oxaminos tho pipe to
dialog: Make sure it ig empty.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: AT THE TABLE
text: The Offictal stamps MEINIKE'S passport and hanfts it hack ta
text: hin. MEINIXE -rasps the passpert with a trembling hand, turns
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: -)
dialog: 8.
dialog: 22 (Gcntinued)}
text: and hurries off with 4 etranco shuffle, half trot. The
text: getietal's eyes follow him. Then he snaps back tn the buse
dialog: nese °
speaker_heading: . , OFFICAL -
dialog: Noxt ploaso. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR DOCK = NIGHY
text: Stovedrres sawing the «: iank intc place. “At its hoat, first
dialog: in ltne of paseencors waitins ta Aobark, is » & Worn’
text: valiso clutched in either hand. The sate oponed, he hurries
text: down at a half trot.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: EXTERIOR DECK
text: WILSON, his unlichto® pipo “etwoon his tooth, stands at the
text: rail. He romvos the pipe mf, as hefore, raps the invertoA
dialog: howl twice acainst tho rail.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: EXTENION DOCK
text: MARVALES, an on-ualr argentinian with o eaturnine face, turns
dialog: am mevas allontly off after tha hurrying firure of weitere.
dialog: 26,
speaker_heading: EXTERIOR DECK
dialog: WILSON, rofillinc kis pipe frem a worn pouch, m-vos unburried=
text: ly towards the ganz plank.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO :
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: TNTERIOR HOTEL ROOM NIGHT
text: Throuch the open window the harter is visihle. Tho Acar opens
text: anf, WILSON anters, followed sy a Pellhay, carryine his lucsaro.
dialog: Tho y pute the luccatc dewn an’ of juste tho window as WILSON
dialog: tokea eff hat anf oat.
speaker_heading: BELLEOY
dialog: Anythine olso, Senor?
text: WILSON <tves him a coin. The bry exits. Alone, WILSON opons
text: one of his Dacs ant romeves thorefrem a pair of well worn
text: slippers which ho puts -n. Then he takos cut a pound jar of
dialog: ene. = tevacco and a ‘irk. Those ho carrios acress tc a
text: tablo. Unbutt-nins his vost, he refills his Pipe and, seating
dialog: himsel?, picks up tha broek,
dialog: 28.
text: INSERT: THE BOOK IN 3TS HAND .
text: The titlo 1s "CLOCKS...THEIN EISTONY AND CONSTRUCTION",
dialog: Hig hond turns tho pacos te a Seokmart tewart the ond cf the
dialog: volume. Theo tolephone rinvts,
dialog: c)
dialog: 9.
dialog: 29,
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: WILSON picks up the telephone.
speaker_heading: FILS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes?
dialog: so. .
scene_heading: INTERIOR DAUG STORE NIGHT
text: Beyond a crowded counter, seen threush the closed door of a
text: _ telephone broth, MARVALES 1s speaking.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INTERIOR ‘TELEPHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: : MaRVALES
dialog: (inte instrument)
dialog: Ho has preceede4 to tho Farbrisht
text: Kennela. He arrivod there at 9:43.
dialog: (a pauso)
dialog: Tt is undorstend, Soner.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXTERIGR FaaBRIGHT KENNELS NIGET CLOSE sHOT
text: 4a enermous German police dec, fangs barod, leaps forward,
text: growling. Aman's forearm meets tho do's charge and the
text: fongs close on the arn as GAMERA FULLS BACK tc a trainer,
text: Within a wire convo, Wrostlinz with the dec. In hia richt hand
text: he carrics a heavy whip which ho cracks, drivine the dec back.
dialog: ears xe hoavily paddod and ho wears a wire mak te pron
dialog: ic 8 face.
text: Ta b.2., behind wire, sthor dors leap hith, barkinz wildly.
text: CAMERA TILTS UP te a ‘udldine adjoinins the cates. On ite
text: poof, lit sy fleca livhts, ig a sign which proclaims this to
text: bo the FARBAGHT KENNELS.” 500d TRAINED AND CARED FOR. :
text: From an upper windew, MEINIKE looks down on the scene ‘elow.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INTERIOR UPPER ROOM NIGHT
text: Tho horkin= continues offscono. MEINIKE's attention is taker
text: from the scene below hy a door openinc. He turns towards the
text: door whore atands F. GHT. He wonrs breeches and boots.
dialog: Tho two mon face each cther for a lon= pause, MEINIXE's
text: assurance fading og FahBAIGHT helds him in his stare. Finally,
text: FARBICGHT closes the dnor and creases to a desk at which he
dialog: Seats hinsol?. Unable to stand the strain any lon-er,
dialog: Dreaks tho silenco which hag ondured gave fcr the unceasin=
dialog: Darking frem helow, :
dialog: 
dialog: 33 ‘Cont'd, . , 10,
speaker_heading: A MEINIKE
dialog: I hope vou remember me, sir,
dialog: I remember you.
speaker_heading: FARBRIGHT
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I remember. ,
text: MEINIZS bows humbly and fumbles unnecessarily with his
dialog: necktie. : :
speaker_heading: FARBRIGHT
dialog: How do you account for your
dialog: presence here?
speaker_heading: MEINIXE
dialog: I am seeking information as to.
dialog: the whereabouts of “alther Kubn.
speaker_heading: . PARBRIGHT
dialog: Not why are you here...but how?
dialog: (confused) .
dialog: I obtained a passport at Cracow,
text: a using the nome of Stefan Polowski.
dialog: ~ I then went to Salonika where I
dialog: Qa fool ship. The voyage took eleven
dialog: Se
speaker_heading: ‘FARBRIGHT
dialog: Why were you not hanged?
text: Again MEINIKE makes that futile gesture of touching his
dialog: necktle. .
speaker_heading: MEINIZE
dialog: They set me free.
speaker_heading: PARBRIGHT
dialog: (in exactly the same
dialog: Gonvorsational tone)
dialog: Pardons are not granted without
dialog: reason, something vas given in
dialog: ex for your See money
dialog: porhapey shore the authorities
dialog: bribed?
speaker_heading: MEINEKE
dialog: They went only vongcance.
speaker_heading: a PARBRIGHT
speaker_heading: (studying MEIHIXZ through
dialog: Sh, narrowed oyes)
dialog: . Tf that is all they went, they
dialog: would certainly have hanged you.
dialog: "33 Cont'd. 1 the
speaker_heading: FARBRIGHT (Cont'd)
text: (MEINIXE again tugs at
dialog: the kmot of his tile)
dialog: Zow about information?
dialog: (he rises)
dialog: What did you tell thom that made
dialog: fhen willing to give you back your
dialog: 'e
speaker_heading: MEINIKE
dialog: I told them nothing. Ky cell door
text: was left open. I walked out. It
dialog: was as simple as that.
text: The silence falls again. MBEINIXE'S ayes can not sustain the
text: strain of facing his inquisitor and fall to the floor,
speaker_heading: FARBRIGH?
dialog: I neod not remind you there are
dialog: methods by which tho whole truth
dialog: can be ascertained.
speaker_heading: VELTIRE :
dialog: ‘I told them nothing. I ‘mow nothing.
speaker_heading: DISSCLVE TO
dialog: 34. : : .
text: CLOSEUP OF A HYPODERMIC SYRINGE BEING PRIMED.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include a white coated attendant who is
text: preparing the injection for WEINIKDS, beside whom he stands.
text: The dog trainer stands on the other side of him. FARBRIGHT,
text: as usual, sits behind the desk.
speaker_heading: MEINIFE
text: (a thin band of sveat
text: : breaks out on his forehend)
dialog: Once you are convinced I speak the
dialog: truth, you will toll me where to
dialog: find Walther Kuhn? .
dialog: (the mon do not reply.
text: The attendant sinks the
dialog: needle into LEIUIKE'S arm)
dialog: Tt Ls a matter of the utmost importance. ‘
text: FARBRIGHT nods to the erstwhile dog trainer, FAFER.
speaker_heading: FABER
dialog: Your nana?
speaker_heading: SINCE
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Conrad Meinike.
speaker_heading: FA
dialog: Place of birth?
dialog: yy
dialog: 34 Cont'd,
speaker_heading: MEINIKE
dialog: Kurstin.'
speaker_heading: | FABER
dialog: Date of birth?
speaker_heading: MEITIES
dialog: 9 August, 1898.
dialog: (he pauses) .
dialog: ZI was named after my grandfather...
dialog: my maternal grandfathor..who was
dialog: postmaster until his 68th year when
dialog: he was retired. Wy fathor's name
dialog: was also Conrad Meinike.
dialog: (reciting these facts his
text: voice takes on a dreany
dialog: quality, monotonous yet
dialog: loud. bver the scone there
text: is the sound of dogs baricing)
dialog: He was originally from Harsfeld, coming
text: to Kurstin at thirty one years of age.
dialog: He married my mother, Maria Paasen,
dialog: soon after and I was their first child.
dialog: Thad two brothers and one sister, The
dialog: eldest was killod and the other brother
dialog: is a cripple from the tar. My sister,
text: a widow, resides in Kurstin.
text: FABER nods to FARBRIGHT who rises, sticking his crop in
text: his boot.
speaker_heading: FARERIGET
dialog: When wero you placed on trial for
dialog: your life? .
speaker_heading: MEINIKE
dialog: -(in the same
dialog: flat monotone)
dialog: On the fifth day of April.
speaker_heading: FARSRIGHT
dialog: Where did tho trial take place?
speaker_heading: HEINIKE
text: At Raba. It is near Cracow.
speaker_heading: . FARBRIGET
dialog: You were found guilty?
speaker_heading: HEINIKE
dialog: Yos,
speaker_heading: FARBRIGHT
dialog: And sentenced to hang.
speaker_heading: MEINIKE
dialog: That was the judgment of the court,
dialog: ~
dialog: 34 Cont'd.
dialog: 13¢
speaker_heading: FARERIGHT
dialog: While you were awaiting execution,
dialog: questions were put to you?
speaker_heading: LSINIKE
dialog: Yose
speaker_heading: PARSRIGHT
dialog: What questions?
speaker_heading: KEINIKE
dialog: If I know the whereabouts of those
dialog: with whom I had previously been
dialog: associated.
speaker_heading: FARSEKIGHT
dialog: What oanswors did you give?
speaker_heading: FEINIKE
dialog: I did not answor.
speaker_heading: . FARBRIGHT
dialog: Did they not try to force answors
dialog: from you?
speaker_heading: KSINIKE
dialog: They did not uss torturo.
speaker_heading: PARBRIGST
dialog: Was a drug ovor adminictered, as
dialog: on this occasion?
speaker_heading: YEINIKE
dialog: Fhey did not use drugs.
speaker_heading: : FARSRIGHT
dialog: (suddenly harsh)
dialog: Why wero you not hangod, Conrad
dialog: Heinike? Tho reason! Tell itl
text: MEBINIKE shckes his head. His voice has a hollow ring to
text: ite He calls out his answor, as though at some distance
dialog: from his
dialog: questioner .
speaker_heading: EEINIKE
dialog: I think... think there was no
dialog: human reason. I think God delivered
dialog: mo. I think it was one of His miracles.
speaker_heading: FARERIGHT
dialog: So you boliove in Ged, do you?
speaker_heading: . METHIKE
dialog: I beliovee _
dialog: : 14.
dialog: 34 (Continued 2.)
speaker_heading: C : FARBRI GH
dialog: oo (trying a new tack)
dialog: Why deo you want to see Walthor
dialog: Kuhn? What is an impertant abeut it?
speaker_heading: “UEINIKE
dialog: I havo o moseacto for him.
speaker_heading: . , FANBRIGHT
dialog: From whom?
dialog: From the All Hicshest.
dialog: The threo men inatinctivaly atiffon. FARERIGET'S hools
dialog: actually click.
speaker_heading: PARERIGHT
dialog: Why 424 you net toll us this hofere?
speaker_heading: MEINIKE
dialog: Because tho mossazo ts nly
dialog: him. Walther Kuhn. First’ ane last.
text: Ths three mon oxchanse a awift -lance. FARBRIGHT eresses to ‘
text: his dosk m4 scribbles a fow werds on a slip cf paper.
speaker_heading: (A : FARERIGET
dialog: wo, You (as ho “ros so) contrat
dialog: ae are alecpy porhaps nn
dialog: ; ilotaixe? ‘
speaker_heading: MEINIZE
dialog: Yos. TI havo not slept in a vory
dialog: lonr time.
speaker_heading: . FanaRicaT
dialog: Thon “~ te alceop. and when yeu
dialog: Wako Upsees
dialog: hendine him the acte)
dialog: eoptake this te whem it is addressed.
dialog: Ee will make the necessary arran‘oment ae.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INTERIOR WILSON'S ROOM NICHT
dialog: oe @ small table in tho errnor a tray “cars the romains cf
text: N'S dinnor. Drosso¢ in pyjomas on’ ‘rossingc scm, .
text: WILSON, pipe in meuth, stutics the “ook on clocks. Ho’ reads
text: a passane and then turna Sack a pave to rercat a few linos.
dialog: 15.
dialog: 35 (Continued)
text: =~ . Satisfied, he lays the ‘ook dow ant turne to tho playing
text: ecards, laid out in a completed ‘ut unwon came of aclitaire.
text: He mixes tho cards, cathers thom up, and shuffles thom, pre-
dialog: paratory to startin: a now “ame. :
text: The telephone rinca. He picks up the inetrument.
dialog: Yos? (into pheno)
dialog: sé.
scene_heading: INTERIOR TELEPHONE BOOTH NIGHT
dialog: Beyend the closed foer cf tho acoth, the activity of the drug-
dialog: store gocs on in *.2., no scund thorofrom intrufing en
text: MARY. at the inetrunent.
speaker_heading: MARVALES -
dialog: (inte phone)
dialog: Ho left tho konnels at 10:38, On
dialog: foot. Ho 1s travelin~ ecutheast
text: towards tho waterfrsnt. He appears
dialog: to have Seen undcr the influonce of
dialog: a mareotic., My wife 1s chservine.
text: he pauses to hoar
speaker_heading: whnt WILSON replics)
dialog: . Unterstend., Ho will not he lost.
dialog: As bo bants up:
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXTERIOR A DESERTED STREET NIGHT
text: MEINIXE, oyos tlazod, mcvoa down it, CAMERA truckin= ahead of
dialog: “Ram. His jJorky shufflo, meve lense jJrinted than ever, speeds
text: him forward. Eig han@ clutches the papor civon him vy
text: FARBXIGHI. His lips m.ve coaseloasly in a gountloss “abhle
dialog: cf near hystoria. ,
text: Sufidonly, the darkness Sohiné him ig broken as a windowehate
dialog: flies up rovoaline a rocm lichtof +y an unshatod lamp Pulb,
text: Bansinz from the cetlinz. It cuts a ‘read path of licht
text: alonz the cobbled street past MEINIKE, In tho windcw, stanis
text: a shoap and gaudy crucifix. MEINIKE atrps, transfixed, his
text: eyes staring at the sround bofore Him. .
dialog: 37a.
scene_heading: THE STREET FROM MEINIKE'S ANGLE
text: Etchod in the path of licht is the Miashapen shadcw of the
dialog: crcas.
text: THE STREET, with MEINIKE starinx Acwn at the symhel of man's re~
text: Aomption. Ho stasmors towards it ani falls te his kneos.
dialog: 16.
dialog: 37a (Continued)
speaker_heading: MEINIXE
dialog: (sobbine forth the, words)
dialog: I understané. I shall not fail.
dialog: ‘I understand. .
text: The shade in the wirlow 1s pulled 4own, a woman's coarse
dialog: lauzh Dreaking tho silenco. MEINIKE is loft starin? at-the
text: dark cobhlostr-nos. Ho shakes his hoa? tc clear it...strur7les
text: to his foot..,and shufflos on, anxiously.
speaker_heading: MEINIZE
dialog: ... (a coagoloss monotone)
dialog: IZ shall not fail. I shall not
dialog: fail. I shall not fail. -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: sa.
scene_heading: MEINIKE'S PASSPORT HELD IN A MAN'S HAND
scene_heading: ATTENDANT'S VOICE
dialog: Very inferior paper. And the print
dialog: 4s much tso heavy.
scene_heading: CaMERA PULLS BACK 70 FULL SHOT OF ROOM. In f.2., MEINIKE
text: stands norveusly *esife an ascptically clad Artetpsnt of the
text: city mcrmue in a reom cf ghininy whitenesa...tile floor, white
text: Wallis, stecl ca*inota. On his left fect, he Wears a sneaker.
text: Eis ‘t foot is ‘aro, as ho has “con interrupted while
text: parin> hig tronails. weh the onsuinc scene, he continues
dialog: With the toonail business. Thore aro ne windows in the reom
dialog: and the hert unvaryiny lisht caste nn shaficw. aside from tho
text: ATTENDANT'S feak, the enly article of furniture is a motal
text: autopsy table in backwrrunt. The ATTENDANT completes his ex=
dialog: amination cf the passport. .
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT (Cant!)
dialog: All in all...a vary peor ich.
dialog: But no mattor. .
dialog: (olosin= tho passport finally)
dialog: It has sorvoé ite purpose,
dialog: (pute cn ritht shee, risog)
dialog: dnd now, Stofan Peloweki, it 1s timo
dialog: for yeu te Ada.
text: MEINIXE recoils. Tho ATTENDANT lauchs at his cwn macahre wit.
scene_heading: . ATTENDANT
dialog: Den'¢ se afraid, Yeu are not to
dialog: die. Only the namo en the passport.
dialog: Come on.
text: CAMERA PRECEDES THEN as tho ATTENDANT leads the way inte an
text: adjoinine room, as white and aseptic as the first, with the
text: same unshadowec li-ht. A icn lane runs the lencth of the
dialog: reom, om olther site of which 48 a row cf marble slabs,
text: where lie livelesa fisures, decently shreuded.
dialog: . 38 cont'd. i?-
speaker_heading: N oR NT
dialog: You're a very lucky fellow, if you
dialog: only !mow it, Ncinike. Very ofton
text: days go by, yometines wocks, while
dialog: we wait for a sulicblo alternate.
dialog: (ne steps beforo one slab)
dialog: This fallow mst have known you wore
dialog: coming.
dialog: (tossing the passport
dialog: on tho slab)
dialog: Se dios Stofen Polowski.
dialog: (removing identification
text: card from a metal slot on
dialog: the slab itself.)
dialog: Long live Philip Campo. Born in this
dialog: eity. Forty four yoars old. Bookmaker.
dialog: Unmerriod. --
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: .. INTERIOR TELEVECHR BOCTE ‘NIGHT
text: Waterfront street scence in Deg. At the tclophone is
text: SENORA MARVALES, a housewife in ler middle forties, a gold
dialog: band on hor wedding finger her onl> jowelry.
scene_heading: SSHORS LARVZLES
dialog: ~~ (inte phone)
dialog: j . He is now f:: the norguc, Senor.
dialog: Ne Ho has been there alrnady for six
dialog: . minutos.
dialog: (sho chuckles softly}
dialog: Do not be surprisnd if ho rorains
dialog: Shere. Fron his appearance it's
dialog: whore he belongs.
dialog: sho paugose..ethen with
dialog: a little langh)
dialog: Tt 1s understood, Sonor,
dialog: 40 :
scene_heading: THTERIOR MORGUE NIGHT
text: in the cuter office, the ATTENDANT is at an open drawer of
text: the fIling cabinet.. Freon it he produces a Passport which he
text: hands to LEINIKE. oo
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT :
dialog: There you ore, Soncr Carpo. This
dialog: zt will find a really good job.
dialog: vorything in ordor but the photograph,
dialog: (handing him a card) =
dialog: This man iz ecpon oll night. You will
dialog: find his pictures have dust the right
text: ~ degree of fuzziness.
speaker_heading: MEINTEZ
dialog: (taking tho things)
dialog: youe
dialog: . C ‘
dialog: on
dialog: 40 Conttd.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: ATTISDANT
dialog: Good luck.
text: He returns to ais dosk ond pic's up a ungazino » the roading
text: of which nas beon interrupted by UEIIISEtS visit. LEINIES
text: Places the passport and Photograzher'a card in an innor
text: pocket, thon buttons his cost. ut still ho makes no move
text: to ge. He clears his throat ond wets his lips, his
text: ogitation increasin=, His cyes dart back and forth between
text: tho ATISHDAYT and the floor. Then, suddenly:
speaker_heading: HEIT
dialog: (im a loud voice)
dialog: I wish to mov the whereabouts of
dialog: Walther Xuhn.e
text: Tho ATLENDAW? leol:s up zlowly, nis oyes narrowing.
speaker_heading: &2TENDirr
dialog: {(slorlz}
dialog: There is nc Valthor <ubn. Yalther
dialog: Kuhn is doad...ecnd cromitod.
text: USINIKE clenches. 4 acar-lite:. Gingenal Line shows on pis
dialog: forchead. His oses nov ars neld and angrye
speaker_heading: . KEINICE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: It's 9 corm.anid.
dialog: (nic votco lowurs
dialog: but its tntonusity
dialog: ‘Penains)
dialog: T have a =casare fer Valthor Kuhn.
dialog: Prom the All ulghest.
speaker_heading: ATTEMDATT
speaker_heading: _ (ancortainisz)
dialog: It 4s forbidden,
dialog: (his voice high
dialog: and plercing)
dialog: I Gommand yon in the name of thet
dialog: suthority.
text: Tuvoking this power pulls the ATTEIDANT to his foot,
text: intimidated, mt still uncortein. Ja moves agein to the
dialog: metal filo and pulle oren 4 drawer. Thon hositates.
text: MEINIKE'S eyes, Hot with oxoitonent, are riveted on hin.
text: His voice rises.
speaker_heading: : rEIKe
dialog: Understand. 4 command.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: C sy 40 (Continued)
text: The ATTENDANT turns ‘ack to the open ‘drawer ané ccneults the
text: records Within. Then he scrawls something on a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: (handins MEINIKE
dialog: tho paper) «
dialog: Memorizo the name...thon doatory
dialog: a.
dialog: (geudetagly)
dialog: Connecticut. In The United States,
dialog: Tho tom of Harper.
text: MEINIKE takes the er an’ reads it eamorly. His lips
text: scunélessly repeat the namo that 1s written thereon. Then
text: he produces a m:toh, lichts the pepar, @repe it, still
text: flaming, inte on ashtray. This done, ho turns swiftly and
text: hurries out.
speaker_heading: FADE ow
speaker_heading: TaDE IN
dialog: Ow
scene_heading: . EXTERIOR HARPER CLOCK TOWER DAY
text: The clock's hands arc stilled, pointing to twelve minutes of
text: five. Tho angel, now dull iron with only a fow streaks of its
text: gilt clingin= te it, stands rictd sword in hand, almest in
dialog: the center of the clock. °
text: CaMERA PULLS BACK to roveel the clock, incongruous in the neat
text: austerity of a Now Encland church tower. CAMERA NOW SWINGS AND
dialog: PANS DOWN ta dtaclose tho Harper tawn squaro, frontins a green
dialog: arcund which tho township itaalf is elustored, cradled hy the
dialog: Gontle slopes of the shire foothille,
text: Directly grposs to the squaro, wide etcne gates load inte the
dialog: areunds cf tho Earper Scheel. The schncl Suildings front a
text: Well kopt lawn, strotching off cn oiticr side of the read
text: running hetweon the sates. AS C.MERA MOVES DOWN TOWARDS
text: Satzs, 4 areup of Sys oress tho lawn towards the Campus
dialog: a . :
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THRU To
dialog: 42. : :
text: THE SCHOOL GATES. In immodinte f.~., is a bronze plaque:
text: . HARPER SCHOOL FOR BOYS .
dialog: or The beys como inte CAMERA RANGE and CAMERA meves with then
text: Se across tho stroct. Tw of the ‘ys, FURMAN and HOLLISTER ore
dialog: about 17. The third, NOAH LONGSTAEET, ie te yore those
text: junior. dn unruly lock ef hair falls across his frrehoad.
dialog: 8 oyos are bricht and alort.
speaker_heading: FURMAN
dialog: Hastings punts Setter than Brown...
dialog: and possos hettor ter...but Brewn is
dialog: twico as seed as Hastings en the dofonsa.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (songultine a notobeck
dialog: produc
dialog: Eo tafe clovon mere tackles in the
dialog: tirst threo snnes.
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: Hore's tho lineup as I seo it.
dialog: Hastinzs, full wack. Hope, richt halt.
dialog: Allon, left halt. And, of crurse,
dialog: Russoil Will te quartor.
speaker_heading: NOAE
dialog: (after a scennt's thrucht)
dialog: If Hastines ig rine in, © uldén't tt
dialog: o~ ee wunt atrategy to have Brown os
dialog: eee
scene_heading: 42 Cont'd. , . BYe
text: o. . They have, by now, crossed the street and are about to enter
text: —_ a store frenting on the square. in one window thereof is &
text: display of pies, cakes and candies, in the other; fountain
text: pens, stationery, school room supplies. Over the door is
dialog: a sign:
speaker_heading: POTTER'S
dialog: Henry Potter Proprietor
text: «= roadster pulls up to the curb, in b.g., and MARY LONGSYREET,
text: a gird ace 24 with a charming forthright manner, leans over
dialog: o cide. :
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: Hey, Nean..-
text: The boys all turn as sho neta out of the car, followed by
dialog: RED, a setter dog...
speaker_heading: NOsE
dialog: “Hello, Mary.
dialog: (punetilicusly)
dialog: Bay I present ire Turman and
dialog: Lr. Hollister. cy sister, Marye
dialog: <, (equally rely)
dialog: if equally gravely
dialog: aN ; _ Mr, Furman. Hr. Solligtor
dialog: The twc boys murmur how do you do's.
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: (gellantly)
dialog: We were just going in for a seda.
dialog: Weuld you care to join us?
speaker_heading: ELRT
dialog: Thank you. Sut I have score errands.
speaker_heading: Uso woaH) *
dialog: Sco you at dinner.
text: Sho smiles in farewell to the boys and moves on down the
text: stecst,. The boys look cfter her.
speaker_heading: FURMAZ
dialog: (the aan of the vorld)
dialog: Vary attractive... .your sisteres.
dialog: for a girl.
text: They go on into the sters,.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INTERIOR POTTER'S Dar
text: 4 . In the center ave half c dozen tablos, two of which are
text: occupied by boys fren the scnacol, having sodas.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 43 Cont'd. oo. 226
text: Down the right side of the store is a soda fountain,
text: behind which, on counters, are hono onde ples, etc.
text: Qn the other side of the store, at front, is o news stand.
text: Counters display all the itens that Harver students might
text: require, from an eraser to a catcher's nitt.
text: ER. POTTER, & lanky New Englander, in an immaculate white
text: goat » ant Woaring & starched collar, is behind the soda
dialog: on ° :
text: The three boys approach the counter,
dialog: Road
dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Potter.
speaker_heading: : POTTER
dialog: See the judge got honc.
dialog: woan
dialog: He arrived last night.
speaker_heading: : POTTER
dialog: Phoned in a half hour ago. Wants
dialog: you to bring horie a box of cigars.
speaker_heading: SOA
dialog: Itll be glad to.
dialog: {turning to the others)
dialog: What will jou have?
speaker_heading: FURS
dialog: Chocolate nil.
speaker_heading: HOLLISTER
dialog: Samo. But with alt.
speaker_heading: MOAR
dialog: T'll have that too, please.
dialog: (pointing to table)
dialog: Wetll ait over thore.
text: They move towards table. Through the windey, HARY, loaded
text: with bundles, can be scen as she gets into her car, followed
speaker_heading: by RED.
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR POTTER'S DAY
text: HART ‘throws the car into gear and drives off. She passes
text: two mon, LUNDSTRUL and RAKEIN, moving dom the street.
speaker_heading: LUNDSTRUN -
dialog: (in the middle of
dialog: @ sentence)
dialog: eceand I told Doctor Hobson that,
dialog: in ny opinion...
dialog: mo 44 Cont'd. 29.
speaker_heading: on . LUNDSTRUL (Cont'd)
text: Mo (he raises bis hat to MARY
scene_heading: : who waves in return. AAIKIN'S
text: pees turns as his eyes follow
dialog: v
dialog: eoemore frequent examinations were
dialog: the only solution to tue problen.
dialog: Thatts Justice Longstroet's daughter, -
dialog: girl.
dialog: (without changing his tone)
dialog: If you agree with me, 1 do wish you'd
dialog: mention the subject to the doctor.
dialog: I do feei so keenly that it's the
dialog: one way to keep the boys on the qui
dialog: vive.
text: They've reached the entrance to Potter's.
speaker_heading: : RABKIN
dialog: Let's take lt up at Faculty Meoting,
dialog: shall wet?
speaker_heading: LOURDSTRUEH
dialog: Excellent suggestion. xcellent.
dialog: Welle-.I oust act alons hore. Mrs,
dialog: Lundstrum will be vorriod,
text: Hodding ferewell, ho hurries off. RANKIN ontors POTTER'S.
dialog: 43. .
scene_heading: INTERIOR POTTER'S DAY
text: RANKIN enters. Ho grects the boys by name and they all
dialog: _say "goed afternoon, sir",
speaker_heading: . + POTTER
dialog: Your books cane today, tr. Ranking
dialog: pointing)
text: Pind tom in that pilo back thore.
speaker_heading: . RANKIN
dialog: ORee thanks very muck.
text: He crossos towards the pile of books on a back countor.
dialog: ‘
dialog: 
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: RARKIN 4T CCUNTER
dialog: Be thumbs through the half dozon books. Thoy are oll
dialog: historical or biographical. One is entitled THE GROWTH
text: OF LN. He looks up from ite .
speaker_heading: . RABKIN
dialog: o~ Oh.. Longstreet.
dialog: In begs, NOAH rviscse
dialog: ‘.
dialog: ”
dialog: 46 Cont'd. : 24,
dialog: Hadi
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Ee comes forward. ‘There is a reluctance in his manner
dialog: which mignt well be natural shyness.
speaker_heading: RANETOA
dialog: Here's that took I rantioned to you.
dialog: fe bands it to the boy.
speaker_heading: TORAH.
dialog: Thank you, sir. I shall return it
text: very promptly.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: No hurry. Any time.
dialog: (suddenly conscious of it)
dialog: I'm sorry, I djidn't mean to take
dialog: you away from your soda.
text: ‘We. nods end the boy cees back to nis table. RANKIN, books
text: under nis arm, crosses pect FOTTER.
speaker_heading: RANI
dialog: Just put these on ny bill, will
dialog: you, of. Potter?
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: Already did. .
text: RAHKIE nods and exits.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT AT ‘“NoaAn'S': WOLS
speaker_heading: FURLAN
dialog: What did ke want? -
dialog: noses :.
dialog: He had a book on a subject I'n
dialog: very interested in, anthropology.
speaker_heading: SOLLISTER
dialog: Do you take history from Rankin?
speaker_heading: (30aH_ nods)
dialog: Waat's he Like?
speaker_heading: BOAR oo
dialog: e's a wary good teacher, T think.
dialog: I mean, 12 he © geod egg?
dialog: 47 Contid. : 25.
speaker_heading: WoAg
dialog: (after a slight hesitation)
dialog: Z don't imow, J suppese so.
dialog: (revert ig tc an
dialog: earlier discussion!
dialog: IT still think thet Brown should be
text: in the game from the start. Putney
dialog: has a very strong offense...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 48. .
text: OW 4 HIGH RILL, at the end of a srec lined driveway, the
text: Longstreet home looks out over the antire valley.
text: RADKIN, driving en open roadster, sulls to a stop in front
text: ef the house and gses up to tie front door and rings the bell.
text: It ts cpened by SARA, a white aproncd maid who has been in
dialog: e the Longstreet servico for mere than tairty years.
dialog: ac. -
scene_heading: INTERIOR LONGSTREET HALL
text: RANKIN faces SARA whose baci: is to Cal ERA.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Good afternucn. Is Justice
dialog: Longstrest ct home?
speaker_heading: SAR.
dialog: (stepping acid
dialog: for him)
dialog: If you'll cere tn, sir. I'll
dialog: just go sec. :
dialog: (as sho cleses
dialog: the doar)
dialog: Tho shall 1 say ta calling, please?
speaker_heading: RKIN
dialog: ie Rankin. I'm from the. School.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (sho leads the var.
dialog: across tho hall)
dialog: T# you'll just wait in kere, sir.
speaker_heading: RLMKIN
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: ISTSRIOR LCEGSTROET DRAWING RocU DAY
text: RADEIS enters 2 room sich with well polished old
text: panelling and mahogeny, dominated by the portrait of a
text: lovely woman. He looks avound until his eyes fall on a
dialog: grandfather's clock in onu corners
dialog: ony
dialog: Pro
dialog: 50 Cont'd.
dialog: 2s.
text: He crosses quickly to stand in front of it, his ayes
text: following the pendulun's are with almost hypnotics
text: datensity. At the sound of quicl footsteps on tho terrace,
text: he turns and crosses to the portrait. The door ts throw
text: open to admit LARY. She woars riding clothes.
speaker_heading: RID is at
text: her heels. She stots at dissovoring an unexpocted visitor.
dialog: : ay
dialog: _ (turning te her)
dialog: How do you do, iiss Longstreet.
dialog: I'm Charles Zaonkin.
speaker_heading: , HARY
dialog: How do you do.
speaker_heading: RAMKIN
dialog: I'm waiting to see your father.
speaker_heading: MRL
dialog: Oh..spleaso ait dow.
speaker_heading: RAMIIN
dialog: Theait voues
text: (out, instead, he turns to
dialog: faco NID, alttii; immobile
dialog: survezing hin. Ye snaps
dialog: hia fingors at tne dog.
text: meintains his calm .
dialog: judicial poiso, RAUKIE smiles)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Where's fouh?
text: Instantly the dog aprines te life, tail wagging.
text: leughs. Ye turns to MARY.
speaker_heading: ‘aa EES (Cont ta)
dialog: Self defonse, Wothin;- gives ono
dialog: suocl, am inferiority complux as a
dialog: sotter vhon he assume that judicial
dialog: pose. Sno feels one's facing the
dialog: wisdor of the ages. It's very
dialog: disturbiag to one's erce
text: YaRY Llaurhs with nim.
dialog: 3:
dialog: You lmow uy brether?
speaker_heading: RARELY
dialog: Very well.
speaker_heading: RAIN
text: Before ne can explain wurticr, Saki appears in the doorway.
dialog: §0 Cont'd. , 7.
speaker_heading: . SARA
dialog: . The Juige would like you to come
dialog: upstairs, if you ploasc, or. Rankin.
speaker_heading: MWC IN
speaker_heading: (to MARZ)
dialog: Excuse Mee
text: Ho follows SARA fron the room. Tho clock. chimes four which
text: G@ispels VARY'S momentary revery. She starts out of the
dialog: Poor. . :
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INTERIOR CALLAT
text: ULRY enters as LUCY, another maid, enorges from tho kitchon,
dialog: carrying 4 toa trare
dialog: _. war
dialog: {taking the tray
dialog: from ner)
dialog: Let me, Lucy.
dialog: wey
dialog: Oh,’ ilss tarzecevoun've mot to drcase
dialog: Dre Lawronce sail ho'd te hero at
dialog: five. :
speaker_heading: iARY -
dialog: (on her way upstairs)
dialog: Iteve tinc. - .
text: Halfway up, she mects SLA, on hor way down. She stops.
speaker_heading: TARE
dialog: (in a vhispor)
dialog: Who is he?
dialog: Sai
dialog: (whisporing 509)
dialog: From the sanocl. .
speaker_heading: IRE
dialog: Che
text: She continucs on <p, 22D at hor hecls, end disappears around
text: the curve at the hoad of the stairs.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INTERIOR JuDcS LONGSTNEDT'S STUDY Dat
text: The room is furnished with the woods of the Judge's own
text: Now England; pino and maple and cherry. Srass student
text: lamps and lantarns, used for enerations and only wired
text: in this one, tive light by night. Personal pictures cover
dialog: the wells; photograzhs of tie family that has peovled this
text: house. Alonz one Yall is a cabinet, well filled with
dialog: fishin: rods.
dialog: $2 Cont'd. 28,
text: Tha JUDGS, on vacation now, wears a worn pair of flannels
text: and a looce tweed jacket in the lanel of which are stuck
text: several trout flias. Like his eon, he is the victim of
text: one recalcitrant Locic of hair which hangs down over his
dialog: fore .
text: Ee tilts back in an old fashioned rocking chair, listening
text: attentively to RANKT:.
speaker_heading: RATK IT
dialog: (4n the middle of
dialog: a sentence}
dialog: eeethich is why I have takon the
dialog: liberty of calling on you.
text: The door to the roou Ls pushed open by HART'S foot. Then
dialog: she onters, RED richt behind “er. :
speaker_heading: WARD -
dialog: Porgive me. I'i3 only be a
dialog: moment.
dialog: (pattine comm the
dialog: tea tray)
dialog: T shan't interrupt yous
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOKCSTREET
dialog: (riging, as does RANKIX)
dialog: Come in, Harye.Come ine
dialog: kr. Rankin, my daughtor.
speaker_heading: - EARy
dialog: Ve met downstairs.
speaker_heading: JUDcs LevastRosr
dialog: (dvopping back in
dialog: his. chair)
dialog: Don't run away, Uary. This is
dialog: abort 3
speaker_heading: (to RAKIM)
dialog: In this family we alwars decide
dialog: things in sroup assembly. It's a
dialog: corporatio:. Do go on, ir. Rankin.
speaker_heading: ELT
dialog: (pouring ter )
dialog: Etle or lemon, =. Pankin?
dialog: Rue
dialog: Nelthar, ‘hark you. <2 15 comes
dialog: from ths note
dialog: (she hands hin a cup
text: @s he turns back to
dialog: her father)
dialog: 50 Cont'd.
dialog: a9-
speaker_heading: RANKIN (cont !a)
dialog: Tt seems to me, Judg: Longstreet, that
dialog: Hoah < might get a better, more rounded
dialog: education out of school for a year then
dialog: in. After all, he's mich younger then
text: most dvoys about to enter college.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What would you suggest having him
dialog: do in that year?
speaker_heading: RANKOW
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I don't mean the grand tour on a luxury
dialog: liner. I suggest he be given some
dialog: moderate amount of money...say twelve
dialog: bundred doliars...and turned loose
text: with the understanding shat he's on
dialog: his own for a Fear ste see the world.
dialog: Tf I mow the oT be wouldn't get
dialog: into any trouble..and it might
dialog: him a world of good if he did.
speaker_heading: JUZGE LONGSTRECT
dialog: (very interested)
dialog: You lmow...this is an extra
text: suggestion coming from a pedagog.
dialog: Travel,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I only wish lt. Rankin had been on
dialog: the faculty at “iss Holbrook!s where
dialog: I went to school.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: The idea apreals to you, Miss Longstreet?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Very mon.
speaker_heading: Rano
dialog: (quiskiv ani easily
dialog: without ostentations
dialog: Before the war, our great institutions
dialog: of learning tried to instill in their
dialog: students a veneration for the status
dialog: quo. Jt was as though there was some
dialog: vast conspiracy to make the young believe
dialog: that they were living in the best of
dialog: all possible worlds. ‘That it was their
dialog: moral ‘uty to see that no change occurred,
dialog: so long 18 ther hed power to prevent it. .
text: MARY leans forward in her chair, her tea forgotten, her
text: hand motionless on RED'S heac.
dialog: 3",
speaker_heading: RAMCIN (cont'd)
dialog: The tsagedy was that these heirs
dialog: of power and position were never
dialog: to know anything of life. So our
dialog: country's destiny, for the most
dialog: part, lay in the hands of men
dialog: trained to resist change and who
dialog: had never been exposed to the
dialog: realities of life sco that they
dialog: sould renognize the necessity for
dialog: I nual Eats oft Tem), your
dialog: e .
dialog: sor should ‘mow more of the world
dialog: than he oan see through a class room
dialog: / window.
speaker_heading: JULGT LONGSTREET
dialog: An¢ what does Nonh ~—. himself think
dialog: of the idea?
speaker_heading: RAUEIN
dialog: Oh, I haven't stalled to him about
dialog: I didn't want to tet his hopes up
dialog: if you were going to disatprove.
speaker_heading: MARY .
dialog: Well...if he didn't at it, that
dialog: would te proof positive that he needs
dialog: just such an experience.
speaker_heading: RA
dialog: (rising)
dialog: In any event, you have months in which
text: to make a decision, Judge Longstreet.
dialog: . (smiling at MARY)
dialog: You and the reat of the corporation.
dialog: (rising ant haeine hands}
dialog: ts
dialog: Thank you very mch for coming, Mr.
dialog: Rankin. We're very grateful to you
dialog: fer your interest in Meah. -..
speaker_heading: sART
dialog: f£'ll take you down, Mr. Rankin.
scene_heading: INTERIOR HALLWAY
text: S53 Cont'd.
dialog: a=
dialog: no
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: mr
dialog: )
dialog: 34.
dialog: oo
text: TRAVELING SHOT, as MARY and RANKIN, followed by RED,
text: come downstairs and cross lower hallway to front door.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How lon have you ‘een at Harper,
dialog: i. Rankin?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 84 Cont'd. 31,
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Lest year was my first.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Panny we haven't met before,
speaker_heading: ’ RANKIN
dialog: I stay rather close to campus.
text: CAMERA PANS THEM scross to door.
speaker_heading: MARY -
dialog: Well...as a matter of fact, I'm
dialog: in Washington with Daddy most
dialog: of the time.
dialog: (giving him her hand)
dialog: But I hope you won't see fit to
dialog: stay so close from now on.
speaker_heading: RANT
dialog: (shatin> hanas)
dialog: Thank you. Goodhre.
text: He goes out. MANY, profile to CAMERA, stands in the
text: doorway, watching him as he goes down the steps. Beyond
text: hin, 4 tonne palis up and DR. JaPFREY LAWRENCE alighta.
text: He and RANTIN meet.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: SUTTRICR DRIVFVAY AANETH AND LAVRONCE
speaker_heading: IATRINCE
dialog: Hello, there. Aren't you off beunds?.
speaker_heading: RANKIN .
dialog: Extra curricular activity. How ere you?
speaker_heading: . LAURENCE
text: Too jarned busy.
dialog: . See you Thursday, I hope.
speaker_heading: LAWRZICS
dialog: I'm planning on it.
text: Tiley nod in farewell. RANKIN moves on down driveway.
text: IAURONCS, SANTA PANNING WITS HIM, toes toward housa.
text: He sees MANY, standing in doorway. :
speaker_heading: ROTTS
dialog: (calling to her)
dialog: Hey...I thought you were going to
dialog: be ready.
dialog: 85 Cont'd, . Skin
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Iam. Fractically.
dialog: . (giving him her hand)
dialog: Come on ine .
dialog: 
text: He enters the iouse and MARE closes the door.
scene_heading: $6. XD RIOR LONGSTRETT LIVING ROOw
text: DARY leads the way inte the room.
dialog: «
dialog: Went a drink?
speaker_heading: LASRUFCr
dialog: Too eurly in the day for me.
dialog: (sendin= over to pat RED)
dialog: Red..show are you?
dialog: i
dialog: (hack to him, as she
text: squirts some soda in
speaker_heading: QO class)
dialog: vert.
dialog: Lacnaren
dialog: Ua tam?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . MAT
dialog: Who is Charles Rankin?
speaker_heading: LAYWRTYCE
dialog: (premptly)
dialog: Good man. Teacher at the school.
dialog: We bowl togetier on Thursday nichts.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He's very attractive,
dialog: (palsy
dialog: - ‘S
dialog: You too?
speaker_heading: waRY
dialog: No.. really.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: He has an extraordinary quality.
text: (LAWKuTCE looks at her quickly)
text: . (Her eyes are stoady under his)
dialog: I've never met a person one trusts
text: so t‘mplicitly, so immediately.
dialog: (her eyes drop)
dialog: I'll go ‘ress for the tea partr.
dialog: 
dialog: $6 Cont'd,
dialog: (as she starts out)
dialog: Make it sneppr.
speaker_heading: MRT
dialog: (turning in doorway)
dialog: Where do you dowl, Jeff?
speaker_heading: TAYRENCE
dialog: Over in Newton. Want to come
dialog: along on Thursday? :
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yea. I'd like it.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: vaDE IN
dialog: 7. .
scene_heading: LONG SHOT SHIP AT SzA (STOCK) NIGHT
text: A full moon. ‘The ship is lit up like a Christmas tree os it
text: lows nerthward thecuch moonlit waters. The tourists are
text: Jancins on the deck to Cyhan rhumba music.
scene_heading: EXTEAIGR SHIF'S DECK NIGHT
dialog: CLOSE SHOT WILSON, leanin= avainst tho side of tho ship. He
text: _ reaches in his pocket, presumably for a match.
dialog: 50. - .
scene_heading: INTERIOR UNLIGHTED PASSENGER'S CABIN NIGHT
text: MEINIES, fully clad, 148 lyin= 1 hia bunk, his hands behind
text: a, etarins at the coiling, A mateh flares at tho
text: thele. Ho seos a pair of cloved hands holding a match to
text: a hewl of a pipe. Ite stom is taped.
dialog: 60. .
scene_heading: EXTERIOR DECK NIGHT
text: WILSON, his pipo drawing, tosses the match over the side.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INTERIOR SHIP'S CABIN WIGHT
text: WEINIXE resumes starinz at the coiling as the ship's whistle ,
dialog: sounds.
text: ‘Rhumba music erntinues cvor these scones.
text: FaST FADE ON BLACK SCREEN and, under sound of the ship's whistle,
text: we boar scund of rkumba music SEGUE INTO scund of boy's choir
speaker_heading: PARE INTO
dialog: 62. :
scene_heading: INTERIOR CHURCH DAY
text: Tho CEDIR, in thoir surplices, file cut cf their stalls and
dialog: mve down tho conter niale ~f the chruch as thoy sinc the
text: Recossienal. Tho rector brinrs up the rear °f the procession,
text: which CAMERA PANS TO FOLLOW until it hes paseot the Longstreet
text: pow whore it romains, MARY is alene with her Father. On the
dialog: same sido cf tho church are cther citizons of Harpor. On the
dialog: eppoaitoe sido, a largo escction of pews are reserved fer and
dialog: oceupied >y the atudonts cf Harpor School, amonc whem is .
dialog: NOAH. Bohind the boys, sit the Masters. RANKIN is net progent
dialog: 
dialog: 62 Cont'd. 3s.
text: MARY'S eyes search the congregation. Ags it rises, she
text: and her fathor start down the aisle, CAMERA PRECEDING
dialog: THEN, Her greetings to acquaintances are friendly
text: enoush, but her eyes constantly return to their search.
scene_heading: 63. SMTRIOR CNURCH xAY
text: They emerge into the autum sunlight where they meet
text: LAYRTNCE. With him is his grandmother, a very old lady
dialog: with a very youn; spirit.
scene_heading: JULGE LON:STREST
dialog: (removing his hat)
dialog: Mrs. Lawrence...it's verry nice to
dialog: see you about again.
scene_heading: URS. LARENCE —
dialog: The advantage of having a doctor in
dialog: the family. I'm Jeff's best
dialog: advertisement.
dialog: (taking MARY'S hand)
dialog: Good to have you homo again, my dear,
speaker_heading: JUVGE LOMESTRICT
dialog: Glac you think so, Mes. Lawrence.
dialog: She ‘nforms me she's staying.
dialog: Senin. me off to Washington alone
dialog: this week.
scene_heading: BRS. LAVRONGE |
dialog: Eich time, too. This is where she
dialog: helonzs.
dialog: ' MARY .
dialog: ¥Yon't you come alonz to lunch with
dialog: Jeff, Grandma Lawrence.
scene_heading: MRS. LASRENCE
dialog: (patting her hand)
dialog: My eer, the great a‘vantage of
dialog: being my age is that you don't have
dialog: to accept invitations to other peopiels
dialog: houses. I only visit God's. Everyone
dialog: else conus to see ue.
dialog: (smiling at her)
dialog: Also, I havs some very good old sherry.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Tnank you. I'll come.
speaker_heading: LA" RoNCE
dialog: (taking his gramimother's arm)
dialog: I'll see you later. .
dialog: a
dialog: 63 Cont'd. e~
dialog: Mary
text: Lunch 1s at one.
text: 4s ahe spoaks, her cyes still scarch the crowd. Suddenly
text: she smilcs radiantly and bows as her soarch is rewarded,
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: THE CHURCE STEPS
text: RANKIN, with two other Masters, is coming down them. at
text: sight of 4ARY and thy JUDGE, he raises his hat,
dialog: 6s. -
scene_heading: EXTERIOR THE CHURCH
text: MARY extonds her hand in grcoting to RANKIN
dialog: .
dialog: Hello, Charles,
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: : shalcing hand:
dialog: How!s & bowling ae
speaker_heading: MARY -
dialog: Modded can move it again.
dialog: ‘ ¢ *
speaker_heading: J
dialog: her fathor)
dialog: Here's Mr, Rankin, - .
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREZT
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: Hollo, Rankin. ‘Delighted to see
dialog: you again. Itve boon giving your
dialog: Proposal a good dcal of thought.
dialog: Iomust sey that it appeals to me,
dialog: Though I havc @ fow rosorvations,
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: Perhaps if Mr. Rankin came to lunch
dialog: he could answer thom, :
scene_heading: : SUOGE LONGSTREET
dialog: By all means. Do.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: It's very kind ef you, sir. but...
dialog: - (he seoms to
dialog: hesitate. Then:) :
dialog: Thank you. I'd be dclighted,
text: The JUDGE'S limousine, chauffour driven, has pulled up
dialog: alongside then, . :
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: Good. Ride out with us. Werll
dialog: Qeliver you back at school.
dialog: m7,
dialog: 85 (Continued)
dialog: If you'd teres I thank I'12
dialog: you ced va me
dialog: Walk. It's such ‘5 swoll day.
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: It 48 far tro lovoly t> ha riding
text: in a closed car,
speaker_heading: ( t ba LONGSTREET
dialog: er re
dialog: Valk. Bech ot vue
dialog: Eo turna his back on them and wots inte tho car. MARY
dialog: ant
text: RANKIN start down the stroct. CAUBRA pulls ehoad of then.
text: RANKIN'S hand truchos her elbow. :
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: Let's =o thr-ucth the ficlés.
dialog: ‘(MARY emiles. Tho:
text: atart alons a footpath
dialog: Desido sido Wall of church)
dialog: It's soautiful that way...
dialog: hoautiful. It's my faverite walk...
dialog: threush the wees, svor the little
dialog: brook and threuch the cometery.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I lneked for yeu in chureh.
dialog: I playod henkoy this Sunday
dialog: 2. Mkey this .
text: indulsing an olt fagcinaticn.
text: (ho iccks back over his
dialog: sh-uldor towards tho
dialog: clock tower aksvo)
text: THE CLOCK, threugh RANEIN'S oyes, its hri-ht faco glinting
text: in the sun.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: MARY becomes eonscicus -f RANKIN'S sazo. Her eyos turn to
dialog: follow bia, . .
dialog: (Leuchin=)
dialog: Yeutll nevor tell time “y that
dialog: sleek, .
speaker_heading: AANZIN
dialog: Se I'vo AiseevoroA. I'vo oon
dialog: in the towor...oxaminine the works.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: on
dialog: 65 (Continued 1.)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Tho mld fascinaticn?
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Tn , manner cf spoakin=.
dialog: My fir (he eatles) 2 Harp
dialog: s egeion «: er was
dialog: the ineerncruity ef a Gcthic clock
dialog: 23 a Connecticut church tewor.
text: Troy have passod the churoh and entored tho omavoyard.
dialog: Proust eee E) shi
dialog: 5] 7 88 a >? trem the
dialog: ahros «f tho Koditorrancan.
text: Transportod cvorland in a cart,
dialog: drawn by frur cxzon, 1¢ was ‘Sr-ucht
dialog: te Harper in tho year 1781 hy
dialog: Captain dhner Lonzstroot.
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: Zorn 1750. Dicd 1806.
text: (MARY looks at him in
dialog: surpriso. He points
dialog: Tho ta te & row of fombstenos)
dialog: urstrect family histery...
dialog: fer all tc read,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: awe you oe thea ty all
dialog: you an aw on
text: Harpor's familics.
text: Fer answor, RANKIN closca hie oyos and recites frem memery,
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Jomos Loncatroet, 1896~1917. Died
dialog: for his ceuntry. Nena Lonrstroet,
dialog: 1842-1865. Died frr his ccuntry,
dialog: Septimus Lonzatroot, 1745-1779. Dior
dialog: in bis tod. I've always had a sreat
dialog: Wealnoss fcr Septinus. William
dialog: Lonsstreet 1713-1794. Diet tor his
dialog: sountry, And thon there's old Abner,
dialog: biamselt. se
text: MARY ant RANKIN og they e*ntinue, leavin= the semetery vehind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 66 (Continuea)
dialog: Many
dialog: My ateat, creat, creat...I thank
dialog: Tiva got thet richt...creat erandfather,
dialog: Logend has it that ho hated the soa and
dialog: upon coming hemo frem his last veyase
dialog: ha started tnland...carryine with him
dialog: all that he possessod...ta settle dom
dialog: in tho first villace Beyond scund of tho
dialog: - Soa. Harper was the villazo and the clock
dialog: Was his gift to Harper. But the clock
text: Rover ren. Apparontly the lone veyaco
dialog: had been ten mich fer it. Se farios .
dialog: anyono Enowe, the hands havo always -
dialog: pointed tc twolve minutes of fivo.
dialog: __ (eravoly)
dialog: it ten! richt for a clock net to
dialog: run. It's a kind of sacrilozo,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (intricued ty his
dialog: intonsi ty)
dialog: Clecks aro a fascinaticn tn yeu.
dialog: Yos. Thoy are.
text: They round a corner, leavin: tho main strect behind end
dialog: start mvine past woll kopt lawns shadod hy stant oims. MARY
text: hesitates a mocont Sofsre spoakint again. Alittlo gmile fer
dialog: @ momont plays abcut hor lips,
dialog: . , (msinaly) .
dialog: I wendor what tho offect w-uli se
dialog: on Harpor if 1t wore to run and
dialog: Koop time. The whole character of
dialog: tho tewn mi-ht undorcr a chance.
dialog: I'g sure it's not Peally vory
dialog: Aifforont fren the Yarpor of the
dialog: oichtoenth contury. Forhap ¢ that's
dialog: hecause the clack's uands have never
dialog: moved,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
dialog: 67 (Continued)
text: CAMERA STOPS as they turn oft onte a path threuch a field
text: end PANS TO FOLLOW TEEN ag they disappear. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE 70
dialog: .
dialog: 88. :
scene_heading: EXTERIOR RIVER BANK Day
text: RANKIN and MARY roach a oregsine. Boulders, risinc ahove
text: the rippline current, provide steppins stones te the
dialog: Opposite bank,
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: Wo'd better start hack.
speaker_heading: RANKIN .
dialog: Wo can cross hore and ge ome past
dialog: tho wrods. It's quite a siert cut.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (restencdly)
dialog: Woll...it may as Woll ermo cut acw
dialog: as lator. Yeulll have tc know the
dialog: awful truth anmetimo. Tin a foartul
dialog: acrophohic.
dialog: Roally?
dialog: (sert-usiy)
dialog: Really. TI have tho moat Groadtul
dialog: fear of fallinc. Lot's 2 tack tho
dialog: lens way.
dialog: (qui oti y)
dialog: Yeu neod have ne fear,
dialog: he extends bie hand)
dialog: You wa! tall.
dialog: 68 Cont'd, 402.
text: She looks at him a moment, then puts her hand in his.
text: He helps her across. On the opposite bank, they pause,
text: look at each other, smile grevely, Then start towards home.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE ‘To
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: TUTERIOR LONQSTREET LIVING RooM Day
text: The JUDGE, LAWRENCE and WOAH I are awaiting MARY and
text: RANKIN. The two men toy with glasses of sherry,
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: (in the middle
dialog: of @ sentence)
dialog: “Twelve hundred dollars 4an't too -
dialog: much, of cours:, for a whole yoar...
dialog: wee
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: It's plenty, rop, reslly. Why, just
dialog: the other day, I read un article
dialog: about a man goinr arouné the world on
dialog: twonty dollers, .
dialog: (LAURENIE lanchs)
dialog: Laugh if you wint to, it's truc.
dialog: I'll show you the artielc. it was
dialog: written oy the on hinselt, °
text: (the JULGE coushs into
dialog: his glass ce
dialog: turns back to hin)
dialog: It's very largely a mattur of eating
dialog: the same food ag the people of the
dialog: country, Take Italy, for instance,
dialog: The Italian peasant lives for a few
dialog: lira a day on mtton, goat's milk,
dialog: spaghctti or macaroni, ercens and
dialog: fruit. aA verry healthy dict by any
dialog: standard,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET *
dialog: We're to understand then, that you
dialog: view the preposition with favor?
dialog: NOAH 2. is doing his best to seom mature and not over=
text: enthusiastic but beyond this point he simply cannot manage.
speaker_heading: QAR
dialog: (marsting out)
dialog: It's th. most wonderful idce anybody
dialog: ever had. Don't you agre:, Joff?
speaker_heading: LAL ENCE
dialog: (smiling at him)
dialog: Sounds good to me,
dialog: »)
dialog: 42.
dialog: 69 Cont'd,
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: Very well, son. You ay start
dialog: laying your plans.
speaker_heading: HOAR
dialog: (from the bottom
dialog: of his soul)
dialog: oh bost
dialog: SARA enters,
dialog: (tartly)
dialog: cudge...it's roin't on for half past.
dialog: Ne don't act down prettr soon, roasttll
dialog: be spoilcd,
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTEEET
dialog: Wo might give then five more...
dialog: (foctsteps and votecs
dialog: are heard on tho terrsec
dialog: outside)
dialog: --0b...ncore thoy are now.
text: SARA oxite as MARE, followed by RaAMKIN, enters from the
dialog: terrace,
speaker_heading: JULGE LONGSTREET
dialog: Wa were just sbout to organize a
dialog: soaurch party for you two.
dialog: » Cgedetie)
dialog: Itm going to 00 marrdicd.
text: There ig a stunnd silences. LAURENCE involuntarily rises,
speaker_heading: : RANKIN
dialog: (finally)
dialog: T hope that you won't mind too
dialog: mich, Jucgo Longstreet.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSIREET
dialog: {tm net sure that IT shall ming at
dialog: all, Sut I would lik: a minuto to
dialog: make up my mind,
speaker_heading: Lal RZNCE
dialog: Rankin...2 can't possibly toll you
dialog: how fortunaty you arc,
dialog: (turning to her)
dialog: Mary...I don't have to tell you what
dialog: happinoss I wish you.
dialog: 69 Contd...
dialog: aby
speaker_heading: : MARY .
dialog: Jeff... .Fou were alwirs the most
dialog: wonderful person in the world,
dialog: (she kisses hin)
speaker_heading: LanRENCE
dialog: (anxious to be eft)
dialog: I'il see you later,
dialog: (her hand on his arm)
dialog: You'll do no such thing.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTR=ET
dialog: Mary...Charles...
dialog: (a little wryly)
dialog: I suppoas that undir the circumstances
dialog: Io my call you Charles,
speaker_heading: SaNAIN
dialog: (smilins)
dialog: i should ve Viry plonsed, sir,
dialog: (nore: surLously)
dialog: I roalizo what 4 difficult Position
dialog: this places y2R in. You and Marr
dialog: should be able to discuss this alone,
dialog: ZL can come back later... -
speaker_heading: HARE
dialog: (quickiy)
dialog: But therets nothing to discuss,
speaker_heading: JOOGE LONGSTRELT
dialog: Except that you hav: known each
dialog: other such a short time.
speaker_heading: ° MARY
dialog: Tine has nothing to do with it, Dad.
dialog: Som: people onc ean see year in ang
dialog: year out, and mover know, Others, one
dialog: kmovs richt away. 1 knew Charles from
dialog: the first,
speaker_heading: (instinctively, the JUDGE
text: looks towards the picturoe
dialog: of Kis duad wife, HARE
dialog: catches his glance)
dialog: Yas. Exactly,
speaker_heading: JULCE LONGSIREST
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Ioyas afraid you'a bring that up.
speaker_heading: (to RaNEIN)
dialog: I knew hor mother only three weeks
dialog: defore we wore married, :
dialog: 69 Cont'd 2, : 45,
text: Re sribles at JA2Y She looks up into his eves.
speaker_heading: MANY.
dialog: . (go rvely) .
dialog: Tt's all tight, adam, really.
speaker_heading: JUDG" Loxzestricr
dialog: (equaily seriously. For
dialog: top moment they ar: qnite
dialog: alone)
dialog: Quite sure, sister?
speaker_heading: ARY ,
dialog: I'm twenty-four years old. Most
dialog: girls :ave heen ensised a dozen times
dialog: by then. or wanted So be.
speaker_heading: LANRTINCE
dialog: You canis gay you haven't had the
dialog: opportunity,
speaker_heading: VARY
dialog: (Suenins to hun)
dialog: And it's onir now, Jef: , that I ‘mow
dialog: why Ives naver able so say yes. It
dialog: wasn't tat I didn't love you. I de.
dialog: Talvsrs shall. But Something was
dialog: “isstag. Ant I didn't ‘mow wist until
dialog: I fels it.
dialog: ‘she outs ‘wer hand in his)
dialog: dad Shit com ean hear this, Charles.
dialog: e, I nicint never have been able
dialog: 2 you. But I want you to know
dialog: She Irind of irl you'rs marrying.
dialog: Lanier
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I do.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I want you te ‘mow why I love you.
dialog: Because you're the first really eligible
dialog: man I've ever tmown. Eligibility doesn't
dialog: mean the right clubs, or the right -
dialog: Ganners, or the right banks. If means
dialog: suitcble..ane fisting. Well...it is
dialog: fitting that I shonl spend uy years
dialog: with you...vear your children...
dialog: {she naugas)
dialog: ve only mts you. That's what
dialog: nis afternoon, when you said ft
dialog: need nave no fear, I cleaved unto you...
dialog: ani I kad no fear. I ‘mew I had taken
dialog: She first ster, and there could be no
dialog: comrromise...no turnin: back... -Tegardless
dialog: os ae the road led,
text: (she breaks. off, embarrassed)
dialog: And let-that stand as the ease for Mary
dialog: Longstreet.
dialog: 
text: There is a moment of silence.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: (oreaking it)
dialog: The court concurs,
scene_heading: : LAWRENCE .
dialog: I've already said my piece.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (facing him)
dialog: Well, Noah....What have you
dialog: got to say?
dialog: (1 oking at
dialog: 0 at
dialog: the floor)
dialog: I hope you will de very happy.
speaker_heading: FADE out
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 454
speaker_heading: FADE TH
scene_heading: 70, TTC NAY COLOR DAT CLOsT omy,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LO DNTEE
text: Fe sits staring out 1b tie Passing Connecticut landscape,
text: lisSenins to the rhrthmn of the wheels, They repeat an
dialog: entless message: "You aust nos fail...syou mist not fail
dialog: eeeFou must not fail?,
text: IMINIZES lips “orm the worts silently several times.
text: Thea he nods, a7 wwugh in resnonse.
text: Presently he rises and yoes towards the water cooler in
text: the rear of the ear.
dialog: 
text: Ley, Pills -. cup and raises it to his
dialog: Tehes. Some of the water spilis, He
text: m', holding 4 Pipe, cvoss the pane of
dialog: “nthe jamb. ape binds the stem of the
dialog: 
dialog: she door and ;
dialog: pipe.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: TEETER st res 15 sho
dialog: eres, ‘Then
dialog: fall. He rerat vers no
dialog: hand vith the pine,
dialog: fae door 2% t?
speaker_heading: CUNDUCTGR ar:
text: an’, 9 ougzled expression in xis
text: issles., iT TIKES lets the cup
text: “neve and when he saw the gloved
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: % opposite end of the car opens end the
dialog: 28»
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COULNITOR
dialog: (orwwling 1 owt)
text: Earpert Zoarper{ Trewsdale next.
dialog: Thiz is Marpert :
text: MEIELS hurries So his seat, jarks the Juggage down from
text: the rien, and soves towards door as the train comes to
dialog: a stop.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DISSOLTT To
scene_heading: TL. SATSaTOR a
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DAY
text: MCINIZE renches Potterts as two Harper boys come out, -
text: gating ice cream cones, and cross the street towards the
text: school. MEININ: looks behing him. Seelng the street
dialog: emty, he sidlea “nto the shop.
scene_heading: 72, INTERION Fovrlnis lay
text: HOTNESS stands umeertain of his next move as one of the
text: veys, hte soda Tinished, oes to the counter.
dialog: 72 Contta, : | 46.
speaker_heading: BCY
dialog: (batting money from
text: his pecker) .
dialog: Ttll <:ke one of those pork pies
dialog: tow, 2. Potter,
dialog: POTI'S slips ss pie inte a baz.
dialog: (sa unmistuleable
dialog: fom eseter)
dialog: 4in's ~uu supposed to be in trainin'?
dialog: (nandin” him the ban)
dialog: Birhty five senta, etl told.
dialog: fhe bow hanes “vit: a2 VALL and POLT« males chance from
text: his poctet, 9 All to a tick roll held together
text: bY a rubber baat CALPECU, exits vast MEIER? who
dialog: advances to tha sovnter,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ( wr NIRS )
dialog: Hot touching it
dialog: Thank vou,
speaker_heading: POTT. TR
dialog: Croan?
speaker_heading: MIZE
dialog: (ignering this)
dialog: Those Digs... could leave then
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: POTTIR
dialog: (senfally)
dialog: Don't anvume so resnonsibility.
dialog: (he takes thom from
text: WII and opens a
text: oard door behind
dialog: 
dialog: ais)
dialog: }
dialog: Thottll -e risks here rhen you
dialog: want then, .
dialog: (nis eves searching
dialog: che roor:)
dialog: Thank yon.
dialog: I: 72 Cont'd 1. 476
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: 73.
text: He turns from tlw counter, CAMCRA PANS Hii to the back
text: of the room to a talephene booth. Eanging from its wall
text: is a directoty, EDW'IIT turns the Paves, searching for a
text: mame. In “e3s, the boys at the other table vise, one of
text: “then going to the ovinter. There ensues a half audible
dialog: Conversation in wich the phrases “ninety cents" and "oy
dialog: account” occur.
text: MCININE'S face livhts up aa he finds the name he is seek=
text: ing. CAM™A PULLS ARDAR of him as he starts past counter,
text: The conversation now becomes andible.
dialog: Boy .
dialog: Hy srandmother's coming up this
dialog: Wee'rend, That always means ten
dialog: dollvrs.
dialog: (wmicing an entry)
dialog: 7. All vinho. If you 3aT SO.
text: The boys hurry ows 22 4 school bell rings in the distance,
text: POTTER stems fCTIIT, about to exit.
speaker_heading: POUTIE
dialog: Hore .seerou haven't had your coffee.
text: Bele IT stors...comes to counter.
dialog: 
dialog: . ee atl
dialog: (4. pattently
dialog: Zow much plouse.
dialog: 
dialog: A "ime.
dialog: (Shen, understand
speaker_heading: LP INTS'S question
dialog: Yen cents.
text: IORITE. drops 2 coin on she oomter and hurries out.
dialog: POTT': loves atter him
dialog: Sotr'n:
dialog: (to lMimselt)
dialog: Quexr one,
text: SETUTIT starts auress the s$reot so~ands school grounds.
text: Suazeniy he stors, turning $5 look behind him.
dialog: 75.
dialog: 76.
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: INTTALOR
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Pot Bk er
text: esice Potter's HOTWIRE sees another small building hous-
dialog: ns a hand launtry anc clothes pressing establishment,
text: Ta the window, “ILSON, pipe in mouth, is talking to sore-
text: one behing the counter, —
text: CLOSE SH0T MGINIX®, as the Panic returns to his eres at sight
dialog: of "IIS0N, His worst susnicions are confirmed, This is
text: the third time he hen seen the figure of WILSON behind
text: him. He turns an’ hurries with his loose kneed shuffle
dialog: into the school zro-nds,.
scene_heading: EXTRRIOR THE SsemooL “nomms par
text: Classes are in session, The grounds are deserted except
dialog: for the figre of a master just Aisaprearing into the
text: class room buildings in far DeSe HEINIEE glances from
text: sido t: side seckins refuge. On his right is the largest
dialog: - of all the buildings on the crounts...at least a hundred
text: feet long ant nroporsionstely wide.
text: WeNISS sees this as a haven and hurries to it. He pulls
text: open the door and exits.
text: Tho door abuts, niding him from viow as HILSON enters
text: scene. Ue sous So the side of the building. Another
text: door is in plain view. This means that the bull
text: offers “ore than one channel of escape. WILSON crosses
text: to the door, opens it, an¢ enters. :
speaker_heading: “SIUM PAY
text: 'DAON entars a vast room, hith ceilinged, its high
text: windows protected 27 wire netting. On the floor are
text: pernted marttines for hasieshall. Horses, parallel bars,
text: - Wrestling mats are in evt‘ence, But no sign of MBINIE.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DMTTRIOR TE ens
text: Looking orn from the balcony which runs around the room,
text: “TLsom's figure seens very small as he advances into the
text: cupty room..elooking around for HEINTSE. His eves start
text: upwards towards 7:0 balcony. Tarough the air, an iron
text: ring, suspended from a rope, swings down. It orashes
text: against the sive of WILSON'S head as he turns. Re fails,
text: unconsnicus.
speaker_heading: TH PALCOUE
text: TM. stants on the ratlins, looking down. SAMBA MOVES
dialog: un TOM as lies nove,
dialog: 
dialog: 78 Cont'd, , 496
speaker_heading: POIETED
dialog: (his crazed oyss alichs)
dialog: I ‘ehled rie “ror on high.
scene_heading: . DISSOLVE To : t
scene_heading: ON" AES LIVI RGull ok RAW EEA Tous: on CALCUS «DAT
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: She room 4s charnincly “urmished, Evident in it are
dialog: 2 veral trtislss of furnttw- Previously seen in the
text: “or,atreet houo, including the qrendfather's clock, MARY,
text: in a twoed suit, is stouding -n’a eleir, hanving curtiins,
text: as the ‘mackay on the door Falls heavily, three times.
text: She sets “own and crosgec eagerly towards the front door,
text: CALERA VAMUTH' te follor her. She throws the door wide
scene_heading: ané ta freon S a. vith LSDTIT. :
speaker_heading: 20, TATCRIOn +
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Bafore uARY men speatr, ©. INTO has oidled rast her into
dialog: the hallway, .
dialog: 
dialog: 2
dialog: vocas Ue. Tupl.a ianicin live here?
speaker_heading: SAAT
dialog: Mets mot in,
dialog: hor
dialog: (Fithent removing
dialog: Bis hat)
dialog: You acpect itn?
speaker_heading: MANY
dialog: (Janeine at her
dialog: watch)
dialog: Ze shoulé be hore s>ortly.
speaker_heading: iS INI
dialog: . How son?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: O%, ton op fifteun mimites,
speaker_heading: HiT:
dialog: Tower vain?
dialog: MARY 1a 111 = ose with shis straage intense man who
text: still wears bis hut.
dialog: 80 Cortta, 50.:
speaker_heading: MARY .
dialog: (hiving no alternative
dialog: Cf corrse.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Sue closes tue toor.
dialog: follo:s her into the liv:
text: Poom, CALTRA SHUT .
text: . ‘Ne He site down, his hat still
text: on, 28 ‘uit goes dagl kev curtains. Sho plances at
text: SEINRIE once or twice, tuon breaks tc silence,
speaker_heading: BARY
dialog: Are you a friend of Up. Zankin's?
speaker_heading: PTI
dialog: (tonelessly
dialog: Zeoseeet Prinnd.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MALT
dialog: (eryine: $0 set him
dialog: at his ease)
dialog: I'm ary Longstreet. Sow do you do.
text: LELUIZ? makes no movs to rise but simply repeats.
dialog: 
dialog: Tor do you doe
dialog: 
dialog: @ 2953 Im aoain., HAGE mes another effort.
speaker_heading: . MAnT
dialog: Me, itaniin should be here now.
dialog: Souetings he verains sfter class >
dialog: Suh foday he tll be coin: striizht .
dialog: hers, I'm sus. You s2., it's our
dialog: wedeiny cay,
dialog: : Ivne
dialog: (looking up...vith the
dialog: sane tonelessness)
dialog: He's gettinz married?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: AS six o'clock. .
text: GEININS resvds her with
dialog: expcessionlezs eyes)
dialog: iimor it's mest unconzonsionr1 of
dialog: me, hein hore today. But I wanted
dialog: $9 soe thesa curtains.
dialog: 
dialog: There 4s anesthe» reuse, this site a very lous one. Then:
dialog: EP rvis
dialog: Then he comes..ethich wey does
dialog: he come?
dialog: a
dialog: f
speaker_heading: 80 (Cont. 1) 51.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (pointing through window)
dialog: From Webater Hall...that's the big
text: domed building.
speaker_heading: HEINIED
dialog: (rises and moves
dialog: toward door)
dialog: I shall meet him.
text: Before MARY can answer, he is gone. Returning to the
text: window, she watches him retreat towards the big domed
text: ‘uilding in the bog. .
scene_heading: B1.2xTMAICR CAMPUS DAY
text: RANKIN comes dorm tho steps of Webster Hall. He is
text: surrounded by students who move off tovards the gymmeasium
text: in beg. RANXIN turns in the opposite direction.
text: He approachos CALERA alone.
text: MELITKE, sheltered oy a stant elm, watches RANKIN
text: approach. His eyes begin to shine and his mouth to
text: tremble. Ho allows RANKIN to continue past him. Then:
dialog: Walther,
text: TRAVELING SECT, RANKIN. He hesitates...then stops. But
dialog: he dees not turn,
scene_heading: CLOS": SHOT MiINIZS
speaker_heading: F105
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Ists I....%althor,
text: MENTUM SHOT as RANEIN turns. MEINICE comes toward him.
speaker_heading: RA:
dialog: (quietiy)
text: Turn vight...towards the woods.
dialog: I'll follow you. Keep to the
dialog: path.
text: MEINIE: hesitates, then obeys. RANKIN remains where he
dialog: is, giving the little mana start, Then ho cuts kitty=
text: corner acress the campus lawn towards the woods.
speaker_heading: DISSCLV: To
scene_heading: 82, EXT"RIOR “OODS Day
text: Beside a rustic bridge, RANXIN stands waiting. MEINIKE
text: crosses the bridge, As they come face to face, they
text: embrace with awkward formality. Then RANKIN takes 2°
text: step Dickward, still holding MEININE by the shoulders,
speaker_heading: C
dialog: oo
speaker_heading: 82 (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: {exclaims}
dialog: Moinixoese.
speaker_heading: OT
dialog: Yes..Meinize.
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: TI thought...I thought...
speaker_heading: MUTITIES
dialog: eesthat I hod heen hanged.
text: (RANELY nods slowly)
dialog: Almost all the ethers have teen
dialog: hanged. But not I. And you imow
dialog: why? 2scruse a dead man could
dialog: not stand face to face with you,
dialog: Walther. It was for tiis moment
dialog: that I wes not hanged.
text: Again thes embrace. Thors is something strange and
text: Pitualistio about its nerformance heneath the bare trees
text: of the blenk autumn woods. In bec. a Soy, wear the
text: track pants and stnglut, runs vast, leaving beh: hin a
text: trail of shredded siper froma sack slunz over one
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: Chloe PULL
speaker_heading: ‘TOORS «
speaker_heading: RAEIIN
dialog: You are not mck changed...fatter
dialog: some srar hairs, But svt you back
dialog: in uniform and you'd look almost the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: MINIM
dialog: (sravely)}
dialog: Ioana diferent wan, Walther, than
dialog: vefore.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Not different like Iiitler. Not
text: differant Vile Ley and Goebhels.
dialog: Not different like Him. To ve dead
dialog: is really to he different, on, Conrad?
dialog: (he lauchs)
dialog: 
dialog: oF TITM as <cey advance through the
speaker_heading: RALTIE (eons 'e)
dialog: 9 bean Icind to us,
dialog: & 4o say that it mas
dialog: feneo alone. You knor how I
text: red and destroved avery single
dialog: ite in Germany and Soland that might
dialog: hava served as a clue to mr identity.
dialog: 
dialog: Provitence
dialog: Conrad.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 82 (Cont. 1). s2
speaker_heading: RANKIN (cont'd)
dialog: Only my tieart kmows who I am...and
dialog: you, Conrad, who of all the people
text: in the world 1s nearest to it.
dialog: (he lanhs)
dialog: Ah, Conrad, this is a day to remember...
dialog: eeand for more reasons than one.
dialog: Guess what I shall bo doing at six
dialog: ofelock. I shall be standing before
text: a minister of the Gospel with a woman's
dialog: hand in mine. She is the dauchter of
dialog: a Justice of the United States Supreme
dialog: Court, « famous liberal.
dialog: (azain he laughs) :
dialog: And among all the things recommending
dialog: this marriage, she 1s even good to
dialog: look at.
dialog: (Als face sobers)
dialog: Yess. I've done roll, Meinike. The
dialog: camouflage is perfect. I om well hidden.
dialog: Who would look for Walther Kuhn in the
dialog: sacred precincts of the Harper School,
text: surrounded by the sons of Amoricats
dialog: first families. And hidden I shall
text: remiin until it is time to emurga.
dialog: Until the day when we strike again.
dialog: 3
dialog: (topping)
dialog: You think Phere Will be another war?
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Of courses
speaker_heading: MEINIZE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No, Valthore
speaker_heading: ’ ‘RANEIN
dialog: Whrt do you moan?
speaker_heading: MEINIZE
dialog: "War 2s an abomination", saith tho
speaker_heading: CF
text: RANEIN looks at HEINIKE keenly» The little mn's face
text: is aslow. In the 2istance, excited boys! voices
text: Pise and fade as they pursue the paper trail,
speaker_heading: MEINIED (cont td)
dialog: It 1s to toll you this that I am
dialog: here. He set ma free that I might
dialog: come here and say these things.
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Who set you free?
speaker_heading: MEINIKE
dialog: (trembling with
dialog: excitenent )
dialog: The All Highest...
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: You don't moan - ?
speaker_heading: MEINIKE
dialog: I mean God. You don't kmow me,
dialog: Walther. I ama new man since
dialog: _ I have found dim.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: IT never thourht to see Fou,
dialog: Conrad, a religious -
dialog: +You don't believe. Walther, -
dialog: But look, Iam here = free ~
dialog: it was one of His miracles.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: You didn't escape?
speaker_heading: ' MEINISE
dialog: The guard came and opencd my
dialog: cell. I walked out into the
text: corridor, de pointed the way.
dialog: As I went down the corridor, all
dialog: doors were open to me. It was
dialog: one of God's miracles.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: You fool...don't you know what
dialog: they have done? They freed you
dialog: so that you would lead them to me.
dialog: (intently)
dialog: Have you been followed?
dialog: (Heinike nods)
dialog: Were you followed here?
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Yes. : iad
dialog: y)
speaker_heading: 544
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Wao followed you? ,
speaker_heading: MEINIKE
text: The Evil One. He was dressed
dialog: like any man. Ec oven smoked a
dialog: Pipe. But I recognized him through
dialog: his disguise. go I killed him...,
dialog: striking down from above, God's
dialog: will be done.
dialog: (he takes a Bible
dialog: from his pocket)
dialog: You mat be brought to salvation.
dialog: Confess your sins, Walther, as I
dialog: have confessed mine. Salvation
dialog: shall be yours. Proclain your
dialog: pailt...proclaim it from the roof-
dialog: tops...in an awful voice that can
dialog: be heard in the earth's far corners...
dialog: Only thus can you attain salvation.
dialog: It will tako strength, such strength
dialog: as can come only from God. Kneel by
dialog: me, Walther...and together we will
dialog: pray to Him to give you strength.
speaker_heading: 82 (Cont. 3) - ‘ 55°
speaker_heading: MEINIXE (cont'd)
text: (he kneels, palms together,
text: .eyes closed .
dialog: "T have sinned against Heaven and
dialog: before Thee. I am not worthy to
dialog: be called Thy son.” Say the words
dialog: after me. "I despair of my sins",
text: All expression locves RANKIN'3 face. His eyes dull, his
text: mouth hangs slightly open.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
text: (repenting as he falls
dialog: to his knoes...syss
speaker_heading: fixed on MEINIiZy
dialog: "I despair of my sins...”
speaker_heading: SCINIZE
dialog: "Ok God of all goodness, how could
dialog: I ever have offended Thee"...
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: "Oh God of 211 soodnoss..."
dialog: (Ais hands close
speaker_heading: around ISTDITRE ts
dialog: thoas)
text: His hands close cround MEINIKE'S throat. At first the
text: smaller man's arms thresh the ground but esently his
text: bedy goes limp. RANEIN'S hands grow t « He takes.
text: them away and MCINIKE'S body falls backwards so that he
text: lies with legs bont frogwise. After an interval, RANXIN
text: Imeels beside MINTRE'S body 2nd again takes it ty the
text: throat. This time his’ hands remain, vise like, until
text: there is no longer any question that MEINIEKE is dead.
text: Over scenes, the sound of the paper chase is heard, grow-
text: ing loudor. RANKIN listens. Then he moves quickly to
text: cover the body vith leaves. But time does not permit.
text: The voices ara growing louder every moment. His eyes
dialog: senrch the ground to see if, by eny chance, the trail
text: Fums noarby. Telltale serapa of paper show that it does.
text: Now, through she bare trees ho sees the runners aprroach=
dialog: .
text: RANKIN stoops quickly and picks up the Bible where it
text: foll from MEINTZE'S hand. Teorins pages from it, he
text: runs in 1 wide are, ost-blishing a new trail to carry
text: the chase avay from MEININE'S body.
text: Out of breath, he returns to stand guard. His eyes
text: watch the chaso 13 it vranches off to follow the new
text: trail. The boys 4isap-ear in the distance, .
text: RANKIN looks down at MEININE'S lifeless vody and begins
text: to kick leaves over it. Ye dry washes his hands.
speaker_heading: ATSearye TO
dialog: y
dialog: . 56"
dialog: 83, ,
text: CLOSE SHOT RAKKIN'S HAND, holding MARY'S, glove rolled to
text: wrist. Over sceno, the voice of the RECTOR . (
speaker_heading: RECTOR'S VOICE
dialog: "Dearly Beloved...ve are gathered
dialog: here togethers..."
scene_heading: 8 CAMERA PULLS BACK TO
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: THTERIOR CHURCH WIGHT
text: Rai NIN and KARY stond before the altar. The JUDGE 1s at
text: her elbow. DR. LAWRENCE et RiNKIN'S. - woan is in the
dialog: Longstreet pew,
speaker_heading: RECTOR
dialog: ",eein the sight of God and man to
dialog: join this man and thir woman..."
text: 4s he continues the words cf the rituales.
speaker_heading: ' DISSOLVE 70
dialog: es.
scene_heading: INTERIOR GYMNASIUM NIcsr
text: Bright moonlight streams throcch the hich wired windows,
text: throwing broad streaks across the floors WILSON lies aa he
text: fell. Sanene LOVES UF OF iii eas he raises his eyelids.
text: He looks out throush dazed oyes. Slowly, memory returns
text: to him. He struggles to his foet, sways drunkenly. His
text: hand reaches for a wali to stoady him. He looks down to
text: See his hat and pipe iring on the fleor. With difficulty,
text: he rogains them. Then he staggers out into the night.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 86. :
scene_heading: INTERIOR POTTER'S wicer
text: WILSON, hat on, ontors and crosses to tho counter behind
speaker_heading: which POTTER stands,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: A bottle of aspirin, Pleaso. |
text: 4s POTTER froduces it, TILSOW looks around for KEINIKE'S
dialog: luggage. it 1s not in viow.
speaker_heading: WILSON (Cont'd)
text: And a glass of wator,
text: . POTTER pours it. ILSON
text: swallows a fow of the
dialog: Pellots, POTTER watches
dialog: him, intorested. Y%ILSON
dialog: Sees tho coffee urn)
dialog: 57,
dialog: i. 86 (Continued)
speaker_heading: C2 * ttoo, t "ILSON (Cont 'a)
dialog: _ me erffou, t-*, ploase.
text: ~ (BOTIER pours it. Threuch
dialog: Winhow in *.c., WILSON soos
dialog: tho spt party leavins the
dialog: WedAins?
speaker_heading: | POTTER
dialog: Yep. Judzo Len=streot's dauchter.
dialog: Merryin' up. Ts ane a! the Seheol
dialog: teachers. I issuod the liconso.
dialog: . WILsoy
dialog: on (antorestodiy)
speaker_heading: . FOTTER
dialog: Yop. I'm town clork,
dialog: " He eyoe WILSON te aoc if this hag improssod him. It has.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: That. muat So quite a Prespensimility.
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: os fom Clork runs tho tewn, you micht gay.
speaker_heading: z VILSON . ay
dialog: eu Must knew just ch-ut everyho
dialog: in Harport
dialog: Nat 3 t hoe se
dialog: at Just aut. Ww evoryhedy.
dialog: bis trne chan-ine)
dialog: Hore en “usinass?
speaker_heading: (WILSON neds)
dialog: Schrol tustnose?
text: IN shakes his achinre head)
dialog: Seliin' s-mothin'?
dialog: (asain SILSON shakes hig boat)
dialog: Buyin'? :
text: WILSON'S eyes search the r-on. They sce a sim. It anncuncos
text: a salc “f antiques. WILSON printa to it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: Sa
speaker_heading: : POTTER (Cont'd)
dialog: Oh...antique dealcr, They all
dialog: come to Sarper.
dialog: (#11lson nods}
text: He takes out his handkcrchief with which he easually
text: touches his head below the hat brim. Thon he folds
text: the handkerchicf to conceal the telltale spot of blood.
speaker_heading: : FOTLER (Cont'd)
dialog: Judge Longstrect's got the best
dialog: collection in these parts.
dialog: Wouldn't do you no good though.
speaker_heading: HILSON
dialog: No. I don’t suppose he'd sell.
dialog: (casually
dialog: Happen to know if there are any
dialog: other out of town buyers here?
dialog: 86 (Cont.) . . 58.
speaker_heading: POITER
dialog: Mabbe...uebbe note I can
dialog: generally spot 'em a mile
dialog: eway. Like I did you. They
dialog: got that bird deg look. But,
dialog: about this feller, ZI just ain't
dialog: certain, He wasn't in here but
dialog: aminute. Didn't even drink
text: his coffee. Just looked in
dialog: tho telephone book,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Yonder who he could have been
dialog: calling? :
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: Didn't call nobody. Just
text: Looked and sisodaddled.
dialog: (openinz closet
dialog: door) .
dialog: He'll be back theush. Left his
dialog: suitcases. Liddin-alzed fellere..
dialog: kind of fattish.ewith gray hair.
speaker_heading: WILSOW
dialog: (the conspirator )
dialog: i wonder if jou'd do mo a favor,
dialog: Mr. Potter?
speaker_heading: (POTTER leans
dialog: Sowards nim)
dialog: Let me kmow when and if he
dialog: comes back for his lugaace?
dialog: (ho winks broadiy)
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: (roturning tho
dialog: winic)
dialog: Don't soe why not. That'll
dialog: be thirty five conts. .
text: As ‘ELSON reaches for the change
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INTERIOR LONGSTREET HOME WIGHT
text: The wedding reception 1s in progress. host of Harper 1s
dialog: present, both school and tow, as woll as representative
speaker_heading: Vashingtone
text: CLHERA LOVES THROUGH THE CROWD to where HARY stands,
text: in front of the fircplace, still carrying her bridal bouquet.
text: Old URS. LAWRENCE faces her, her grandson at her elbow,
dialog: @7 (Cont.) . : 59.°
scene_heading: ERS. LAWRENCE
dialog: It's wondorful to sce you
dialog: so happy. Don's ever stop
dialog: being..
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Goodnight, Grandma Lawrence,
dialog: Charles will see you to rour car.
text: (she turns to call hin.
text: Ho is not in sight.
dialog: Moad...° is on tho othor
text: side of the hearth) .
dialog: Stephen...where's Charics?
speaker_heading: NOAH * :
dialog: (locking arounc)
dialog: T don't imow, Mary.
scene_heading: ERS. LAWREECE
dialog: You say good nisht for me, my
dialog: dear. Joff nore will sce me off.
text: Her arm in hor grandson's » Sac noves towards door, CAMERA
text: PRECEDING THE.
speaker_heading: . i.RS, LAWRENCE (Cont'd)
dialog: I won't pretend I'm not . .
dialog: disappointed, Joffrer. I
dialog: always thought ary vould
dialog: Gake a very catisfactcry
dialog: granddaughtcr.
speaker_heading: LAURENCE
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Want me to tell you something,
dialog: Katc? I'ma little disappointed
dialog: mysolr,
text: They exit into hallway.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: TWTERION LIVING ROOK ANOTHER ANGLE
text: KANY comes to a group surrounding hor father,
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: Has anyono scon my brand new
dialog: husband?
speaker_heading: JUDGE LO'NGSTREET
dialog: Don't tell mo he's desorted
dialog: you clready.
speaker_heading: 88 (Cont.) 60
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (pushing bae!s his
dialog: lock of pair}
dialog: Looks as if. The brute. '
dialog: (sho turns to find
dialog: RED at her heels)
dialog: Red... .whore's Charlos?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: - 89,
scene_heading: EXTERIOR WOODS HNicetT
text: CLOSE SHOT...4 SPLDE as it is driven into the earth, a
text: man's patent loather siod foot pressing down on it,
text: CLUERA PULLS BACK TO 4 ‘TIDER ANGLE. RaNKIN has dug a
dialog: dcop nit bonoath the trace, in which he now stands,
text: Tho moonlight, siining through the branches, throws
text: dancing shadows ovor the soonc. Satisfied with its
text: width and depth, TAmKIiT scrambles out of tho grave,
text: He drops his spado and goes to LEINIXE'S body, a few
text: foot away and drags it te tho ernvoside, tumbl1. it
text: in face downwards, Then, hurriedly, he begins piling
dialog: in the earth cvor it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLYE TO
scene_heading: EXTERION WOODS NICHT
text: The grave filled, 3:KIN, on his hands and knees,
text: meticulously arranges dead loaves over it. Straightening
text: up, he allows hinsolf to relax for a moment. He fumbles
text: through his pockets until ho finds a olgarotte,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: sl. : :
scene_heading: TNTERIOR LONGSTRUET HOE wien
text: NOAH is reporting to iARY who stands beside LAWRENCE.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: Itvo looked evorywhere, Hary.
dialog: and I can't find hin.
speaker_heading: HART
dialog: (to LACRENCE....
dialog: conconling teal
dialog: anxioty)
dialog: But where could ho be? I'm
text: gotting worrtod.
scene_heading: RANKIN'S VCICE IS Hmand
dialog: bo,
dialog: ~-
speaker_heading: 91 (Cont.) é.
scene_heading: RANKIN'S VCICE (Over Scene)
dialog: «Are you, darling? ‘het about?
text: CLiiFRA POLLS BACK to include iim as ho reaches her side,
text: He wears a slack suit.
speaker_heading: MANY
dialog: Ohe.eyou'vo changod.
dialog: Don't you think sould bo:
dialog: en't you to sou etter?
dialog: Weren't wa supposed to fo on a
dialog: honoyroon, or sonething?
speaker_heading: TARY
dialog: Gire me five naimutes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVZ TO
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR HARPER Val STREET IGHT
text: RAZIN'S roadster, top fovm, RANKIN at the wheel and MARY
text: beside him, speeds throweh the sleeping stroet and out
text: onte the main tighva;. as it passes the Earpor Inn,
dialog: established 1797, ore window is lishtod though neitkor
text: ’ RADKIN or LANY notices it, :
text: CANERA MOVES UP TOWARDS IT. In the reom beyond, TILSON,
text: in pyjamas and dressing gown, a cold towol around nis ”
text: throbbing temple, sits at the telepnone.
dialog: 93. .
scene_heading: INTERIOR WILSON'S Kooi: ier?
speaker_heading: VTILS ON
dialog: (inte phone)
dialog: The plain truth 49 that I got
dialog: overeenxious and behaved like
dialog: & gum shoo detective.
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: The rusult is that, after
dialog: folloving him for twolvo
dialog: tnousand miles, I've lost hin.
dialog: (ne pauses)
dialog: By all means. Fut the F.3.I.
dialog: in. But no brondcasts. Mo
dialog: cireulars., icthing te get the
dialog: wind up in Kuhn.
dialog: Ge pauses again)
dialog: To haventt the Paintest Ldoa.
dialog: But I'll stake my life thet
dialog: e's in farror.
speaker_heading: FADE our
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 623
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INTERIOR TOW! CLERK'S CITICE DAT
text: PORTER, his white onat changed to Hiuo serge, 1s seated on
text: ao high steol at an cld fashioned desk, copying records.
text: Wears a green oro shade and alpaca sleeve protoctors.
text: At the sound of a door opening, 10 looks Up to face TL LSON,
speaker_heading: NILSON
dialog: (Lookin:; around )
dialog: ' So this is whore the town of
dialog: Harper is min.
speaker_heading: FOrTER
dialog: That's richt,
dialog: (returning: te
dialog: the files)
dialog: Tax records..wntine listsee.
dialog: birth and warriavc Licons-:S se.
dialog: huntin' and fishin'...dortes.
dialog: Geaths. cvemytiins: tn its right
dialog: place. © :
dialog: rericiery
dialog: Itm arraic I'm interrupting you.
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: Just sopyint out the votint
dialog: lists. “chat happened to rour
dialog: hoad?
speaker_heading: WILSOW
dialog: » 28 he touckes
dialog: essing on 1b)
dialog: mrious to sec soroane
dialog: that i didu't ston to open a
text: door. Walked bang into it.
dialog: (glaneine over
dialog: Pormm's shouldor )
dialog: Can't I oln?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: Be done in an nour,
speaker_heading: UILSOF
dialog: (picking «= «@ pen)
dialog: ‘two of us sould ve donc tn half
dialog: aon hour thon.
dialog: (roassurtagly)
text: Hy handwriting is very legible.
scene_heading: 94 (Cont.) . 63.6
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: (Aolightod to losa
dialog: some cf tho vork
dialog: load) . .
dialog: Holleeeif you foel like it,
dialog: (shoring hin
dialog: : & pao)
dialog: This colum's the list from
dialog: two foara apoe.eenoxt one's
dialog: then's as diod in tac intorimes.
dialog: next ono, them's as hes qualified,
speaker_heading: VILSGN
dialog: That would mean all new arrivals
dialog: in tho tow?
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: Thoy've murind with - ster.
dialog: Other'a is thom's as somo of agce
speaker_heading: UTLSOi:
dialog: I sco.
dialog: (starting to vork)
dialog: Excolicnt aystorme
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To
dialog: 95. .
scene_heading: IBTERIOR HILSOY'S NCO" AT PIM ULNPER IsE Lrrenoon
text: “ILSOK, at the table, males ontrios on a page.
dialog: ge. .
speaker_heading: INSERT THE Pact
dialog: Is 15 headed:
dialog: Sw angiveLs IN wiepmr
dialog: Benoath this are oisht names, through the top six of which
text: a thin Line has been drawn.
dialog: _ Tho soventh an ofchth names on the page are SAUNDERS
text: SCUDDER and CEinT™S RANKIN. in entry after the nanos
dialog: ostablishos thcir occupations as teachers at tho Jarpor
dialog: School.
text: UELSONtS pencil drews the sane thin line through their
text: rancs, Thon drops tlc poncll on the table.
speaker_heading: TO SOsr= -
text: “ILO tilts back ia nis chair, frowmias thoughtfully. Ho
dialog: has ceme to the end of the road. Fis ores wandor out tho
text: Window. “hat he goes jerks nin uprisht.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 64.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: THE VILLAGE SQUARE
text: WILSON 1g lookin= straicht across at the cleck tower. The
text: . Bands cf the clock movO...StCD...move acain.,.and stop.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INTERIOR WILSON's 200M
text: WILSON whirls from tho windew, shevos the popers on table
text: inte his pnokot, snatchos up his hat, and exits.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To
dialog: 1o0.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR VILLAGE sQUARE
text: WILSON hurries coreas it and enters the church.
dialog: iol. .
scene_heading: INTERIOR CHURCH
text: NILSOM, romnvinc hat, starta up the stairs loafing into the
dialog: . elfry
dialog: °
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INTERIOR BELFRY
text: WILSON asconda int- it. Thore is a solid flooring ovar tho
dialog: * scotion ef holfry honunth tho hell mpes. Boyont it, hewever,
text: thero 1s an ompty space with rafters showin: ané beyond them,
text: far below, the church itself.: Over this sapinz hole a ladder
dialog: dgas to another stary in which tho Wwerkinzs f tho clock
text: are housed. WILSON takag hold of tho ladder. Tre 4s olf and
dialog: nene tea safe. Ho starte ts clim- it. .
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INTERIOR LANDING
text: WILSON szots off the ladder, takes one stop to an open Anor
text: loadin? inte the clock trwor iteolz. Ho pauses, surprised.
dialog: 104. .
text: TNTERICR THE CLOCK TOWER .
text: WILSON seos NOAH, back purnod, Wipine the clock's works with
text: a cloth, WILSON ecmoa forw: as NOAH, surprise’ at the
text: interruption, fncos him.
speaker_heading: : WILSON
dialog: Hello thero,
dialog: ’ (politely)
dialog: In,
dialog: Hello. P w
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (with a smile, ho
text: Restures behind him)
dialog: That laddor's net tro safe for
dialog: your Weimht, let alene mine.
dialog: + It's not used much.
speaker_heading: 104 (Cont.).
speaker_heading: wILsoy
dialog: (omamining the works)
dialog: Trying to wake it run?
dialog: No, sir. I'm just cleaning
dialog: aroune it. .
speaker_heading: FILS?
dialog: (examining tho works
dialog: nore clesely)
dialog: Quito a clock, isn't it?
dialog: {casnaily) :
dialog: Ch, by the war, my namo's Tilson.
speaker_heading: ROAR ..
dialog: I'm Horh : Longstraet.
speaker_heading: VInSON
dialog: (vetrasin;: nc interost in
dialog: the nemc us bes peors into
dialog: the sloeitts corte}
scene_heading: Late Sixtconth Sentur:, Itd FUuCES.
dialog: Probably b> Uobrecht of Strasbourg.
dialog: 
dialog: Bead. —
dialog: I wouldn't Imor. ‘i:> orother in law.
dialog: plans to worl on ite
speaker_heading: UInso
dialog: (ho busios hinsolf,
dialog: filling his pine}
dialog: Is ho an oxpert?
dialog: Oh.
dialog: abe
dialog: (shrugging) :
dialog: ZT rmoss so, iy sistor says he wants
dialog: to work on it as soon as they get
text: back from their honoymoon.
text: (HILSON Lights his pipe,
text: Gvawing on Lt carefully,
dialog: i8a8! . hes ro alternative
dialog: but to con sinus)
dialog: Thoy havo to be bask on Priday bocauso
dialog: of oxeriinations. Ho's ono of the
dialog: teachers at the school. is nance ts
dialog: Rankin.
speaker_heading: “ILS ¢t
dialog: Oh.
text: Ho continucs dreving on his pipo.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: ma "1085. . .
scene_heading: . INTERIOR POTTER'S DAY
dialog: ~~
dialog: 
dialog: WILSON ia in the tcleptone bocth, boyond tho closed door of
text: which the activity of the storo $008 on. WILSON listens to
dialog: @ voise at the other ond of the wirce
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: oe obimmme oe oMimmmmtiscece
dialog: (suddenly lashing out)
dialog: I don't caro who wants oxplanat ions.
dialog: I'm not coming down to Washington or
dialog: anywhore elso until I'm suro there's
dialog: no furthor uso in my staying hero.
dialog: (he pauscs)
dialog: That's richt. dnd in tho meantine,
dialog: I want to be invited to Judge :
text: Longstreot's home on Thursday nightee.
dialog: proferably for dinner.
dialog: (another pause)
dialog: Exactly. In azite of your clean bill
dialog: of hoalta I want te mect Ris son in law.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 10
scene_heading: DWERIOR LONCSTREET LIVING ato: NICHT
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: A PCYMTER INK STAND... CAMERA PULLS BACK to include
text: & tablo on which it stands, a zlass of sherry beside it,
text: CALERA CONTINUES B.Ci. WILSOU, pipe in mouth, sits oxamining
text: tha stand meticulously. JUDUD LONGSTREET, toying with a
text: glass of sherry, looks down contcntedly. In Dee, NOAB
text: sits in a big chair, intont on a list ho ts working on.
text: UILSOX picks up tio stand and noves'with it to a better Light.
text: Tho, JUDGE stays with him. Tho JUDGED lightly touches the
dialog: filigreed edge, as thouzh afraid TILSON won't note it,
text: WILSON looks up and sr:iiles. Thon turns the stand over. Hold~
text: ing it in one hand, he points with his pipe stom towards the
text: hall mark. The JUDGE nods. Their enjoyment of the entique
text: is interrupted by a door slamming offacenc.
speaker_heading: NOL
dialog: Thoro's Kary ncwe
text: Ho rises earorly. WILSON stiffons slichtly in anticipation
text: of his noeting with RAiIKIN. Ho carefully restores the ink
dialog: stand to its place on the desi. Ho nas noted Woag's':
dialog: oaserness to soe his sister. Tho docr opons. Tt is not
dialog: tho expocted couplo but OA. LivRENCE. —
scene_heading: LAYRENCS .
dialog: (oasilr) .
dialog: Goed avoning, dudge. ello Stephen,
speaker_heading: JUDGE LCNGSTREET
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: Evening Joff. Dr. Lawrence..ir. Wilson.
dialog: 
dialog: om,
dialog: ne
dialog: 106 (Cont.) . : , 67;
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: Oh, we've met. How's tho head?
speaker_heading: : . WILSON
dialog: Much improved, Doctor, thanks
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: ' LAWRENCE
text: {accopsing a glass fron
dialog: auc
dialog: Rank you, Judge, Mary back?
text: IT mean wary and CGhorlos.
speaker_heading: WILSOH
dialog: (tasting hia om sherry)
dialog: Excollont, duwige Luugstrect. Exccllont.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Vell, -loah,.. how are the plans
dialog: progressing for <cur trip?
text: The JUDGE beckons FILGOW wink a -esturc of his head.
text: Obodiently, WILSON follows iin to look at an:-sher picce of
text: Powter on the mantel. But hig attention now is moro on the
text: convorsation betweon LAVRENCE and OLE. .
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Mould you like to sea my itinerary?
speaker_heading: LavRESCE
dialog: You bet.
text: S0AE” “ produces Lt instantly from a pocket.
dialog: . (scanning it)
dialog: Waat do the figuros alongside mean?
speaker_heading: . BOAR:
dialog: How much I'm to spend in coach country.
dialog: Hew did you arrive at $32.50 for the
dialog: Irish Froo Stato?
text: TILSON nods his approval of the picec of pewtor and oscapes
text: to look at the list over RaYMENCE'S shoulder.
speaker_heading: HOLE ,
dialog: That's exactly oicht sounds in their
dialog: currency.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Have you thought of taking your
dialog: bicyelo along?
dialog: 
dialog: ey
speaker_heading: 106 (Cont.1) . 68s
speaker_heading: NOSE
dialog: Why, noes.l hadn't, .
speaker_heading: “ILSON
dialog: It's tho best way to seo England,
dialog: for instance. and tho Low ountrios.
dialog: Neha
dialog: Swell idoa.
speaker_heading: WILSON . .
dialog: And when you want to get rid of it,
dialog: Jou oan sell it for a mich better
dialog: prise than you could get here...enough
dialog: to buy a new biko when you got home.
speaker_heading: HOA
dialog: Would it be asiting too mich, Hr. Wilson,
dialog: for you to ¢o over my maps with ne
dialog: aftor dinnor?
speaker_heading: HILSON
dialog: I'd like nothing bottor.
dialog: M0aF has been a0 cnsrosscd that ho has not heard the
text: eutor door open, How, snddenl , RY 1s in the room, her
text: azmg around her father. Sho kisses him, thon embraces
text: Nah. , extending hor free hand to LAWRENCE. WILSON,
text: Glass in hand, lools on, smiling.
speaker_heading: LavRENCE
dialog: Ho need to asi: how you aro.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTRIET
dialog: Mary, my doareeethis ise.
text: But beforo he can complote ‘JILSO#'S introduction, RANKIN,
text: also dinner jacketod,. appears in tho doorway,
speaker_heading: RANELY
dialog: Good evenings
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: Weleomo nome, Charles.
speaker_heading: RASKIN
dialog: Thank you, sire Noah:, Jeff.
text: WILSCH sots down the glass cf sherry to conccal his
text: trombling hand,
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: Ur. Wllsonsemy daughtor, Karyo..
dialog: ty son in law, Charles Rankin.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How do you do, Hr, Tilson. You
dialog: must forgivo me,
speaker_heading: 106 (cont .2) _ BBs
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (shaking hands with him)
dialog: How do you do, sir,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (in complete control
dialog: of himselr)
dialog: T hope you won't ming my intruding
dialog: om your homecoming,
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: (pouring sherry
dialog: for thon)
dialog: How were the mountains?
dialog: Porfoct. And eht
dialog: orfect. you ou, to soe
dialog: Charles on skils, I was good,
dialog: ‘ too, wasn't I, Charlos...for a
dialog: beginner?
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Very.
speaker_heading: WOR.
dialog: Did you remember to keop your imees
dialog: together and your apparatus in.
dialog: (in door war)
text: Dinner is servod.
speaker_heading: EARY
dialog: (making a noue
speaker_heading: at HOA) :
dialog: Yoseeeel romomborod.
dialog: (to SARA'S ombarrassod
dialog: dolight, sho onbracos hor)
dialog: Hollo, Sara.
dialog: (squirming)
dialog: Foleone home, Hiss. ayy.
dialog: 197.
text: C4MERA KOVES ABEAD OF THEE ag thoy cross the hall into the
text: dining roor.
scene_heading: ‘JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: ir. Wilson hore is compiling a
dialog: Gataloguo of Paul Rovoro powtor,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What fun. Won't you sit hore,
dialog: Ey. Wilson?
text: Sho soats hin between her fathor, in his acoustoned place,
dialog: and LAWRENCE. Thon sita botwecn “Wh and hor musband.
dialog: 107 (cent.) . 70.
speaker_heading: ~ OAH.
dialog: ~~ (to Resim)
dialog: Ey. Wilson is also an authority
dialog: on clocks.
dialog: )
text: RANKIN, his glass of water halfway to his lips, pauses.
dialog: ary
dialog: Really! Wuy, that's Charles! hobby.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: So your brother informs me.
dialog: (turning to RahKIN)
dialog: = understa:.. you're soing to fix
dialog: the one in the church tower?
speaker_heading: : : PAIN LE
dialog: Iomay try.
speaker_heading: : SELROT
dialog: Quite an wertaine,
dialog: Nagy
dialog: ¢ of vite I an, I
dialog: To show tite
dialog: 
dialog: hepe he 204 i Lite Yarncr ag it
dialog: isesseven to the clocl that doesn't
dialog: ~~ : run.
text: 49 the scene progruains, GRA moves Ground the table, serving
dialog: dinner, “2, the gs er os, aa5 followed them into she room
dialog: and settled himselr >.si3ze Hin, :
speaker_heading: RAQKIT
dialog: How lon: have you deen in Narper,
dialog: Up. wLlson?
dialog: 
text: WILSON hesitates. Torhaps S4uKIN's questioning 1s not idle.
dialog: If this io Kini, MOIFIKE is sure to have told Rim he was
dialog: followed.
speaker_heading: SILS¢N
dialog: Since Fridar, a week ago.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (looking up quickly)
dialog: You've lost a day. I patched you
dialog: wp oon Friday. You were hurt on
dialog: Thursday. The dat of the wedding.
text: RANKIN'S fork poises, midway to its destination.
speaker_heading: z “ILSON
dialog: “~ (if this its KUHN, the
dialog: eat la now out of the
dialog: bag)
dialog: Thatts sieht. “lednesday I lett
dialog: Bangor s
dialog: 
dialog: 107 (cent. 1) : 7
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: You were mrt, Mr. Wilson?
speaker_heading: WILSON .
dialog: dothing serious.
speaker_heading: LANRENCE
text: Serious enough to raise a bump on
text: bis head the size of a billiard ball.
text: RANT Iu'S last aoubts are removed. ihis is the Deytl that
text: yursued HEINIAZ to Harney.
dialog: ‘ Wine:
dialog: (to the table at Taree)
dialog: Tha usual decor,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: FIO raises up on
dialog: lade
text: haunckes and puts his head on MART'S
scene_heading: STICL LONGOTREET
dialog: Cood thins youfre basi-, Sistor,.
dialog: That dog o:' “curs ia been inoconsolable.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: That's ton ifs rodze mc, ded.
dialog: (she surns to
dialog: . her Lather)
dialog: How “as yor nestince, Rocer?
speaker_heading: oO LOLGstReat
dialog: Irritating see
dialog: (explaininy to VILS0W)
dialog: The Toreion Polley Acsseciation.
dialog: Fone
dialog: I rend iy. Standish's repert.
dialog: I think ho's full of prunes.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTHaoT
dialog: Thas's the way we used to talk in
dialog: the 1950's, Steyhen.
speaker_heading: LAvRENCE
dialog: Stendish?
speaker_heading: SITAOK
dialog: The Londen ‘izes man in Berlin,
speaker_heading: HOGE LOkesTnanr
dialog: Of course, he quoted rumors, mostly.
dialog: Hon doilline ivy nighs.. umlorcround
dialog: meetin: mi acess. paren rituals.
dialog: 
text: WILSOK glances at i.ucIN for a reaction, Theres is none.
dialog: 107 (Cont. <) 72.
dialog: 
dialog: ensd
dialog: . No.
dialog: Do you bolieve them, Pop?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ovVDCR LONGSTRIDT
dialog: It's pogsibls. Anrshinz is possible.
speaker_heading: LAVRENCD
dialog: It's ridtoulous. In 1913, the Germans
dialog: lost a war Sut they weren't really
dialog: beaten. 7 Slme it was dirforent.
dialog: Their country war invadcol, their cites
dialog: laid wasto, ami the quilty ones made to
dialog: pay with sheir lives. Perhaps there
dialog: are some stili to ba uncevered fanatics,
dialog: bet no Serean fn his right mind can
dialog: herve any taste for war.
dialog: . VWInsoy
dialog: “ere you ov-veens, Doctor?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LAVREFSR
text: Ey unit war attachsl to Patton's Third
dialog: 
dialog: ally e
dialog: wo Then your :inton “wag fowmed at close
dialog: ns ranso. Tol “mow Urmany, Er. Nankin?
dialog: os . :
speaker_heading: “ ( ATID
dialog: 
dialog: I'd setter Sep out of this. Itvo
dialog: &@ Way of calling mypsel? very unpopular
dialog: when = start on Cermany.
speaker_heading: . WILSCH
dialog: Tie shall asi sidex-it the objective
dialog: opinion of on cbjoctive ulstorian,
speaker_heading: RAPRLIN
dialog: 4 psycholoist could hotter explain it
dialog: Shan an ticstorian.,.norcver! The Gorman
dialog: aces himself? as the innecont vistin of
dialog: vorld onv7 =nd hatrod...conspired acainst,
dialog: get capon, sis’ ravaced by the inferior
dialog: pooples ar terior nations.
speaker_heading: fs fascinated; MARY
dialog: and Lor father, surprised;
dialog: LATINTE skeptical; only
speaker_heading: IOAN continues iis dinnor)
dialog: Believing tv scl? a superior Deine, he
dialog: will not admit to orror, moa less to
dialog: . Rrone doin. ‘Zhe good poopie of Coventry
dialog: o~ ihow full woll that their Cathedral was
dialog: ! ; . rade muole becanse ther chose to ignore
dialog: sthicnie and Spain. In reading our om
dialog: gasualty lists, we Americans learned the
dialog: prica of looking the other way when an
text: innocent minority was pilloried.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 107 (Cont. 3) 13:
speaker_heading: RANKIN (Cont'd)
dialog: Men of truth came. to know for whom
text: the bell tolled. But not the German.
dialog: He has no understanding of causo and
dialog: effect. Thore ts no connection in his
text: mind botween the rubble of Coventry and
dialog: the bombing of Loipziz.e..no connection
dialog: botwoon the thirty million Allied dead
dialog: and the ten million Gorman. Ho is quite
text: incapable of facing roality. His world
text: is a mystical World, peoplod with warrior .
text: gods, marching to sagnerian strains, their
text: oyea fixod upon the ftery sword of Stogrrica.
text: . he pauses, glances from
dialog: ono faco to tre other,
speaker_heading: ending on JIZSON)
dialog: In those subterranoan mocting places...
dialog: that you do :ot boliovs in...his droam
text: world comes alive, and he takes his place
text: in shining ernor beneath the bannors of
text: the Teutonic Knirhts. Tho vorld awaits
dialog: the Mossiah. And 30 doos the German.
dialog: But not the Prince of Foaco. Instcad,
text: another Siogfricd, anoticor Sarherossa,
dialog: Qnothor Titler, 4 now god breathing fire
dialog: and promising vengeance. . :
dialog: 
scene_heading: ~ JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: - Great heavens, Charlos...if we concede
dialog: your argumont...thore is ne solution.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Once again, I dirfor.
speaker_heading: WILSGH
dialog: What is it, then? |
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: _ &nnihiletion...dow to the last babo
dialog: in arms. . .
text: WILSOW lowors his fork, Ho has como to a final doad ond.
speaker_heading: VARY
dialog: (disturted)
dialog: I can't imagine zou advocating a
dialog: Carthaginian peace, Charles.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Well, as an histortan, I mst tell
dialog: you tho world hasn't had any trouble
dialog: with Carthage in a good many hundreds
dialog: ~_~ of years,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Then you have no faith, ifr, Rankin, in
text: the reforms that are boing offected in
dialog: Germany.
dialog: 107 (Cont: 4) , The
speaker_heading: RANKIN ©
dialog: . Wishful thirkins, Sr. Wilson. The
dialog: vs : type of government has been changed...
dialog: . the oducational system has been changed...
dialog: but the people are unchangod. You can't
dialog: reform a people from without. That mst
dialog: come from within. Basic principles of
dialog: equality and freedom nover have and nevor
dialog: will take root in Germany. The will to
text: freodom has boen voiced in evory tonguc...
dialog: excopt the German. "All men are created
dialog: equal". "Liborte, egalite, fraternite."”
dialog: But in Gorman... .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: N
dialog: . (interrepting quietly)
dialog: "Proletariens, unito. You have nothing
dialog: to lose but your chains.” .
speaker_heading: - RANKIN
dialog: (dismissing this with
dialog: a@ gosture)
dialog: Harz wasn't a German. Marx was a Jow.
dialog: (he breaks off)
dialog: Forgive my long windedneas,
dialog: vn. (vory seriously)
dialog: a But I feel this very deeply: Standing
dialog: before my claszes, I am made genuinely
dialog: unhapoy by tho conviction that a certain
dialog: large percentage of the students sitting
dialog: there will be denied the privilege of
dialog: being useful citizens. Instead, they
dialog: mast die, all because of one nation's
dialog: warped mentality. again, I apologize.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR Tai HARPER INN NIGRT
text: RANKIN, MARY and ‘ILSON in the front seat beside him, pulls
text: his car to a stop in front of the hotel. RED sits in the
text: back in solitary grandour,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (getting out )
dialog: It's most kind of you to drop me.
speaker_heading: RANI IN
dialog: It's right on our way nome.
speaker_heading: HARY .
dialog: WLLL you come to toa with ua on
dialog: ~~ Tuesday, Er. vilson. It's our
dialog: Ne reception for tho faculty. You'd
dialog: be a very wolcomo addition.
dialog: »)
dialog: 108 (Continued)
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: I wiah Toculé. But my wrk here is
dialog: finished. I shall he leaving Harper
dialog: tonerres,
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: (shakine hands)
dialog: Well, pleasant journey.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Thank you.
text: RaNEIN drives tho car off, WILSON leoking aftor them.
text: DISSOLVE TO . .
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: INTERIOR WILSON'S BEDROOM NIGHT
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (inte tolophene)
dialog: T'll be in Washincton tomrrow |.
dialog: afternoon. Yru were quite richt
dialog: . about Rankin. Ho's akeve suspicion.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: lic. :
scene_heading: INTERIOR RANKIN LIVING ROM NIGHT .
dialog: RANKIN, pronceupiod, 18 pacins the florr,
speaker_heading: MoRY ‘
dialog: (Aewilins with a slasa -f milk)
dialog: Extraordinary, ian't it.. clocks hetng
dialog: hig bre hy tooF . re
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Vory.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (netacine his pacin=)
dialog: What's the mattor, “oar? dre ycu
dialog: restless?
dialog: pad clk:
dialog: Not at tet ty)
dialog: MARY stnops to pat RED whe has beon explorinc the neem.
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: Well, Rod, like y-ur now hemo?
dialog: ( wacs hig tail)
dialog: Re says he likes it.
text: she rises, yawnins)
dialog: I'm scoine te hed,
dialog: " (quiekiy)
dialog: T's taka Ro cute
dialog: 7Sa.
dialog: llo (Continued)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Juat let him cut. He wen's run
dialog: ott.
speaker_heading: ” ‘RANKIN
dialog: I'@ like a walk. Come alon:, Red,
text: In the coorway to tho hall, eho leans against him.
speaker_heading: 110 (Cent.) 1
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Love me? :
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Yes, my darling.
text: He kisses her. She lays nor head against his chest and he
text: holds her briefly in his arms. Then she turns and starts
text: up the stairs. RANXIN snaps his fingers for RED and goes
text: - out the door.
dialog: 111. :
scene_heading: EXTERIOR THE RANKIN HOUSE wWIcpr
text: RANKIN comes out, closing the door behind him. Then, with
text: lonz, hurricd strides, moves unhesitatingly towards the
text: woods, RED follows hin. .
dialog: 112,
scene_heading: EXTERIOR «35 Y00DS WIGHT
text: RANKIN enters and, as he finds LEINTIKE'S grave undisturbed,
text: his face lights up with rolief. He fishes a cigarette from
text: his pocket and lights it, ae ke looks down at the leaf-strewn —
text: mound of earth. mn, CAXERA MOVING AREAD OF HITZ, he turns
text: and starts for home, After a few paces, he realizes that
text: RED is not ot ais heels. Mo turns and snaps his fingers.
text: When ZED fails to appear, ho whistles. Then:
speaker_heading: : RANEIN
dialog: Hore, Redesschere, boyeces
text: He waite a momont. RED dcos not appear. He starts back
dialog: whence he camo.
dialog: us.
scene_heading: BESIDE MEIUIK='S GRAVE
text: RANKIN reonters and looks towards the grave. His eyes
dialog: narrow. .
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: MEINIKE'S GRAVI
text: RANKIN sees RED, his forepaws industriously digging into the
text: already frozen earth, the loaves scattered in all directions.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: BESIDE THE GRAVE
text: RED continues his digging ac RANKIN watehos hime Suddenly,
text: Without warning, RANKIN kicks out with all his strength,
text: hitting RED in the ribs. At the moment of contact:
dialog: 1é.
scene_heading: INTERIOR WILSON'S ROOM NIGHT
text: WILSON, lying in bed, suddenly sits bolt upright as though
text: awakened by RANKIN'S icick,.
text: He switches on a light and gets to his feet. Then hurries
text: to the desk and mulls out his diary. Seating himself he
text: begins to write theroin. .
dialog: 
dialog: 7.
dialog: 117.
text: ' INSERT Tr Facd, as WILSON unites:
dialog: + RANKIN IS KUEN! Who but a Nazi would deny
dialog: Uarx as a German because he was a Jew.
dialog: lle. .
speaker_heading: BACE TC SCENE
text: * ‘WILSOH shoves the diary away and picks up his pipe. He is:
text: very thoughtful as he starts filling it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: INTERIOR "ANKIN SEDROOH WNICAT
text: RANETY, in pyjamac ani drexsing -om, emerges from the
text: dressing room. de stands for a secend, looking down at the
text: Sleeping figure of his wife. The lishts, from the room
text: beside him, shine across her bed. In her sloep, she stirs
text: fitfully and waimpers, cuildlixe. Suddenly her body jerks
text: Spasmodically anc she 1s avaleo. She stares up at her
text: hmsband, friehtened.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Iv
dialog: Waet is it, darling
dialog: . » HAR
dialog: (dazedly)
dialog: T was dreaming.
dialog: (brushing her hand
dialog: across her oyes)
dialog: That little man.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (sitting beside ner)
dialog: What little man?
speaker_heading: . GRY
dialog: I told you about bin...ho cane
dialog: Roroe.ssthe day ve vore marriedesce
dialog: (she shakes her head)
dialog: Give me a cigarette.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (lighting one for her)
dialog: Oneeorése. I ronembor.
text: Ea hands hor the lirhted cigarette. She puffs on it
text: qratefully.
speaker_heading: MARY’
dialog: I nover hec a ‘zeam like it before.
dialog: The littl: ran was walkinz, all by
text: himself, across a desorted city square.
dialog: “herever ae moved, ho threw a shadow.
text: ind the shadow remained on the ground
dialog: after ho had passed, stretching out
text: behind him lin an endless carpet.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 119 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: MARY (Cont'd)
dialog: (sho stops and tales
dialog: another puff on the cigarette)
dialog: It doesn't sound so bad...telling
dialog: dte.ssbut in the dream it was
dialog: terrifying.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
text: (smoothing her hair
dialog: with his hand)
dialog: You're over tired, dear,
speaker_heading: HARY
dialog: I wish you could think who he might
dialog: have been, Charles.
speaker_heading: RANEY
dialog: It disturbs you to think about‘hin,
dialog: dear, 30 con't any more,
speaker_heading: vARY
dialog: (smiling at him)
dialog: All right. It's silly of me.
text: ashe starts to put out
dialog: her ciparctte. Thure ia
text: the howl of a coc; long,
text: drawn out, ghostly.
text: She starts in curprise)
dialog: That ‘was that?
text: RAEKIM doesn't answer )
dialog: tho howl is heard again)
dialog: It mst be Red.
dialog: (she starts getting
dialog: out of bed)
dialog: What in the vorldesee
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I put his in tke cellar.
speaker_heading: BARY
dialog: (atartlod)
dialog: No wonder ho's howling. He's
dialog: never beon locked up in his life.
dialog: This is a new place to him. Ie
dialog: he got out, he micht run off and
dialog: get lost.
text: RED howls again, the sound dying away in a moan,
dialog: >
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (her feet fumbling for
dialog: the mules beside the bed)
dialog: Red gut lost? In Harper? Why, he
dialog: kmows every inch of the country for
dialog: miles around. Poor Red, let him
text: out quickly.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No, Mary. .
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: Sillyt Then I shall.
dialog: (shu starts
dialog: towards the door)
dialog: (intercopting hor)
dialog: Mary, if Rud is to live with us,
dialog: he mist be trained. At night he
text: will slsep in th. cellar. In the
text: daytime he will bc kept on a leash.
speaker_heading: MaRyY
dialog: Chorlcs...this is ridiculous.
text: Sho starts to pass him. Ho puts his hands en her arms,
dialog: restraining her. :
speaker_heading: RaNKIN
dialog: I forbid you, Mary.
speaker_heading: MiRY
dialog: (fecing him)
dialog: But I don't belicve in dogs being
dialog: treated like prisoners. and Red
dialog: is my dog.
dialog: (gently)
dialog: and you're my wifc, Mary....Please,
dialog: darling - I know what's best....
dialog: Their «yea stay mut for a long moment. Finally, a
text: decision reached, “ary turns away. Rankin!.s eyes
dialog: follow hur aa sho movca back towards the bed. Rad's
text: unhappy wail rises over the scence.
speaker_heading: FaDE OUT
dialog: 
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: FADE In
text: SPmrok THE LONCSTENTT HOR ST vere
text: OAT", enroute to sehool, bicycles down the driverey
text: and out onto the road. RUD trots alongside CAMTRA
text: PANS with them until they overtake the walking figure of
speaker_heading: WILSON,
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR ROAD DAY
text: Noag's } face lights up rith pleasure as he meets wITSON.
speaker_heading: NGA x
dialog: (his bicycle wavering
dialog: : as he slows it)
dialog: Hello, Mr. Wilson. I theught
dialog: you'd be gone by now,
speaker_heading: FITS ON
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: Locks as though I'd be starving
dialog: on for a time. |
text: NOAZ drops off the bicycle and wheels it beside WITSON,
text: CALERA PRECEDI ¢ TIM. ITSON bends over to pat RED.
speaker_heading: FILSON (Cont'd)
dialog: Thought you'd gone to live
dialog: with your mistress. :
speaker_heading: SEL
dialog: Mary brovght him home this moming.
dialog: Said ne howled all nicht.
dialog: ge og down to
dialog: business)
dialog: Tell me, Mr. Filson. After Spain,
dialog: should I double back and do the
dialog: Test Europe, or keep on goi-g and
dialog: do Morocco and Tunisia and then come.
dialog: back to Eurspe through Sictiy?
speaker_heading: wITS OM
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I should think the latter. But
dialog: Plans are made to be broken....
dialog: partioulerly by travelers.
speaker_heading: ORE
dialog: I guess you've been just about
dialog: everywhere, haven't you, Mr. Wilson?
speaker_heading: WITSson
dialog: Never to darkest Afride, or the
dialog: Himalayas, or the Polar regions.
dialog: My kind of hunting has alravs been
text: in the jungles of the cities.
dialog: 
dialog: 121 (Continued)
speaker_heading: : NOAH .
dialog: Antiques, My. Wilson?
text: WILSON doesn't answer. NOAH =lancos at him, WILSON ts
text: frowning. They cross a short bridse. WILSON pausos to
text: knock the howl of hig pipe against the Palling. Tho boy
text: starts to say somethin= but changes his mind. WILSON's
text: Gravity has made hin sud@enly shy and ombarrassod.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Young man, oan you keep a secret?
speaker_heading: . NOAE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Why..eyos, sir...I think ao.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: ZT neot your holp vory hadly.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (stvine him one of
dialog: hts raro amilos)
dialog: Ase mattor cf fact, you're the cnly
dialog: one can ‘kelp no.
dialog: hepes of mooting you...and
dialog: having this talk.
dialog: again he pausos. Thkon:)
dialog: Neah...your sister may be in croat
dialog: trouble.
dialog: . NOaz
dialog: Mary }
speaker_heading: (FELSON ne ds)
dialog: What kind of treublo?
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Tho truth te I'm rt really an
dialog: antiquo dealer, Noah. My kind cf
dialog: hunting is for men. .
dialog: (ho pauses. NOAH
dialog: dcesn't understand.
dialog: He ares on, very simply)
dialog: I'm sort of a dotoctive.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (involuntarily) .
dialog: Oh, that's crazy, Mr. Wilson. Mary
dialog: weuldn't he mixed up in anything wronz.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: >
dialog: 121 (Contintued) . . ee.
speaker_heading: - WILSON
dialog: I'm sure she wouldn't,
dialog: (ne amiles reassurincly)
dialog: I came tc Harper, Nenh, lookin for a
dialog: very ovil man...a man fer whem Ilve
dialog: een searching a long tine. I act
dialog: myself invited t: yrur hruse last
dialog: Rirht ee I cculd meet yrar brothor-ine
text: law without arcusing his suspicions.
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: You think Gharles is somo sort of a
dialog: eriminal? .
speaker_heading: . WILSON
dialog: I think eo. And IZ have te be sure.
speaker_heading: NOAH .
dialog: (after a pause...
dialog: vory srimly
dialog: So must I. I'd have te knew that
dialog: Mary was all richt.
text: Cleokine up at him) ,
dialog: Want Ae you want me to dn, Mr. Wilson?
dialog: Noah...T } ° Char].
dialog: imahe..D Want te know every move Charles
dialog: Hankin mode en tho day ef his wedding,
dialog: Up tc the time of the coremeny iteel?.
speaker_heading: NOAE
dialog: (frewnine)
dialog: T should he abla... .
dialog: @ new thoucht)
dialog: eeotnless Charles roalizes what I'm
dialog: Aoing
speaker_heading: WILSON ,
dialog: I'll keep him Susy this afternoon.
text: They continue for a moment in silence. Then:
dialog: (anor qulity
dialog: a reassorti:
dialog: iteel?) v ad
dialog: Gee, Mr. Wilson, you must be wren.
dialog: Mary wuld never fall in lcve with a
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: tunntady porpie gan? tolp whe tae?
dialog: ta. o can
dialog: fall in love with. ,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To
dialog: mo
dialog: rw
dialog: on
dialog: 122. : .
scene_heading: INTERIOR CLOCK TOWER AFTERNOON
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
text: The cast iron ANGEL stands in cne corner as MARY, a mock
text: covering her, finishos gildine it. Tho floor is’ strewn with
text: ears and moshes ant RANKIN, lying on the floor, is ad, usting
text: the Worka of tho clock below him. The écer opens and iN
dialog: onters. :
dialog: (aarp a)
dialog: Why, Mr. F sone
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Gand afternoon. :
text: RANKIN, plicrs in hand, rises to his foot.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: S80 you didn't leave?
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: T'm duo fer a vacatinn and it occurred
dialog: to me that the mst ploasant one I
dialog: could spond wuld to here...
speaker_heading: te RANKIN)
dialog: eeeWarking with you, on the clock...
dialog: af you permit it...
dialog: he pausos)
dialog: (fanalty)
dialog: I'm delishtod.
speaker_heading: WILSON :
dialog: . (dotne so)
dialog: In that case, I'll take off ny coat.
speaker_heading: . RANKIN
dialog: You'd like to have a lock at tho
dialog: Plan, povhaps.
dialog: _ (gesturins towarts
dialog: drawing on tench)
dialog: Mary, show hin.
dialog: Sho hands the ¢rawinc tn WILSON whe gtudica it.
speaker_heading: WILSON -
dialog: It's a Hohrecht, I fool certain.
speaker_heading: RANKIN .
dialog: Iweuldn't know. My intorest in
dialog: elocks ig purely mechrnical.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: gue ulanit think ar, a ebeer him hold 4
dialog: OD on guojoct. eee yeu pearci
dialog: he Was Aoserining tho idSal social svscem ”
dialog: in terms cf a clock,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 122 (Continued) 64,
speaker_heading: * WILSON
dialog: How intereating.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (regumine her painting)
dialog: Tell Ur. Wilson, Cheries.
speaker_heading: RANKIN .
dialog: It's a man's prercrative te hore
text: his wites but net an acquaintance.
text: turning to her as she
dialog: 4a about to paint the sword)
dialog: Don't paint that, « We'll oloan
dialog: it. It's Toledo stoel.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Supposo you toll mo, Mrg. Rarkin.
speaker_heading: MARY .
dialog: Well...as mich as I rommbor. Lot's
dialog: s00...tho force thrt runs the clock, tho
dialog: spring, or tho woitht, or whatever it is
text: is the head of the Sento. The pendulum is
dialog: sé sovornmont which transforms hig dnspir-
dialog: ation inte law. Hew an I deine, Charles?
speaker_heading: : RANKIN
dialog: Wolleese
speaker_heading: (to WILSON
dialog: It's most ingenicus. Please ge on.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Now, it cota aero complicated. The train
text: of roars arc the workine massos...formed
dialog: into economic unite which ongage cach other
dialog: Without friction.
dialog: ge.
dialog: Tho tooth are the individuals. dnd just as
text: these are of flawless metal, well ground and
dialog: oot ‘trained and fit vices 2° geass
dialog: 10 nod ani ye Wei
dialog: that's tho idaa in fenghal ,
text: emiling at him
text: Charlos oxplains it in far ereater fetail,
dialog: of crurse.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: And wheat atcut the handa?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You forst about the Rands, Charles.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: ' (after a pause)
dialog: The hands stand fcr Preqress, Which weuld |
dialog: not occur by fite and starts, “ut accerding
dialog: te the laws of harmonic motion.
dialog: , 8s.
speaker_heading: oo WILSON
dialog: wos . (smiling)
dialog: oo It's plain to soo that you're no
dialog: admircr of dcmocracy, Ur. Rankin,
dialog: in which progressive idoas are
dialog: forged in thc heat of friction.
scene_heading: Ri.NEKIN
dialog: On the contrary, I'm a comploto
dialog: domecrat as of this yoar of our
dialog: Lerd. What Mary was tolling you
dialog: haa to do with the year 3000.
speaker_heading: FILSON
dialog: (after a pause)
scene_heading: EXTERIOR STREET NIGHT
text: Hilson and Nosh walk towards Pottor's, Neah
text: pushing his bicyclo with on: hand, In the other he holds
text: a netebook to which he rcfers,
speaker_heading: NOLH
dialog: Thon he went to a fifth form class
dialog: which he -dismiss.d, es usual, at
dialog: half past threc. .ufter that...until
dialog: five o'clock...thore's a gap I can't
dialog: account for. He loft Webstcr Hall
text: and crossed towards Faculty Row, as
dialog: if he was going hemc. But ho didn't
dialog: arrive therc for morc than an hour.
speaker_heading: WILSOX¥
dialog: What tims did he get there?
dialog: Noa
dialog: I don't know oxactly, Mr, Wilsen, But
dialog: ho was thore at five o'clock when Joff
text: came to pick him up for the wedding.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: YILSON
dialog: Jeff?
speaker_heading: NOs
dialog: That's Dr. Lawrence.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: are Dr, Lawrcnes and Mr. Rankin
dialog: goed fricnds?
speaker_heading: NOLH
dialog: Juffts our fricnd. Has been all
dialog: ne our lives.
dialog: o: (hc pauscos..then blurts out)
dialog: He and Mary...tic thought some day
dialog: they'd got marricd. .
dialog: ‘)
dialog: 125.
dialog: a7
speaker_heading: WIISON
dialog: I don't know. .
speaker_heading: . POTTER
dialog: Well,..reckon it don't make much
dialog: aifference ‘mongst angels,
dialog: (without pausing as one
dialog: of the boys comes to -
dialog: the counter)
dialog: That'll be eighty-five cents,
text: The boy pays and he and his fellows go out as FILSON
text: glances ct his watch.
speaker_heading: WIISON
dialog: - Mr, Rankin been in yet this |
dialog: evening?
speaker_heading: PCTTER
dialog: Not yet. Generslly comos down
dialog: for his pepers ‘bout now,
speaker_heading: . WITSON
dialog: Yes...I know,
dialog: casually) .
dialog: By the woy, Mr. Potter, our little
dialog: friend never did come beck for his
dialog: suitcases, did he?
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: “Nope.
speaker_heading: WITsoy
dialog: Strange.
speaker_heading: POPTER
dialog: Ain't 1t, though?
dialog: - (he pauses, then:)
dialog: Been tempted once or twice to tcke .
dialog: & look end seo what's inside ‘om.
dialog: (he Locks hopefully
speaker_heading: at WIT
dialog: They ain't even locked.
speaker_heading: . FWIISON .
dialog: Scems to thot, undor the circumstances,
dialog: you have a porfcat richt.
speaker_heading: . POTTER
dialog: (grabbing the bait)
dialog: $0?
speaker_heading: (WITSON neds, POTTER'S
dialog: timidity asserts itself)
dialog: Wouldn't want to do it without a
dialog: witness,
dialog: Think
dialog: 123 (Cont.) . aa +
speaker_heading: YITISON
dialog: Oh. MNoah,.d...how do you know Rankin
dialog: didn't get home for more than an hour.
dialog: after his lest class? t
speaker_heading: ROAD
dialog: Because Mery was thoro, waiting for
text: him, and he didn't show up.
speaker_heading: WIISON .
dialog: How long was your sister there?
dialog: _o Mabe "t
dialog: Oh, from about three ofclock on. .
dialog: She was hanging curtains or something,
dialog: 8o that the place would ba ready vhon
dialog: they got back from their honeymoon.
speaker_heading: : WITSON
dialog: Then your sister wss there until -
dialog: Some time after four?
dialog: (0am ° nods} ‘
dialog: And if Meinike went to Rankin's house,
dialog: your sister would hove seen him?
text: ‘HOAT > mounts his .bleyelo.
speaker_heading: ~ SOA
dialog: Meinike? Who's Meinike?
speaker_heading: WIISON
dialog: 4A little man who isn't hero,
text: They have reached the entrance to POTTER'S, WITSON stops,
text: Bote Sota ent to ‘Ia’. who pedals off, WIISON enters
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: INTERIGCR POTTER'S Niair
text: Pour Harper boys enjoy their solas at a table. WIISON goes
text: te the fountain. POTTER instantly starts pouring coffee
dialog: ‘or "
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: Hear you and Perfasser Rankin aim
dialog: to fix the clock.
speaker_heading: (WIZSON nods}
dialog: Figure it'l1 toll time rightly?
dialog: (VIISON nods again)
dialog: And strike the hour?
dialog: (another nod)
dialog: And will the angel circle round
dialog: the belfry?
dialog: (another nod) .
dialog: Is that 5 man or © woman engel,
dialog: Mr. Wilson?
dialog: 126 (Cont.}
dialog: ’ ao
speaker_heading: ' CN
text: ~~ RANKIN now knows these are MEINIKE'S suitcases. He moves
text: over to stcnd.on the opposite side of MARY from WIISON.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: : (with normal interest}
dialog: Did ho tell you what he was doing
dialog: ' in Harper?
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: Nope. Ordered coffee. Didn't
dialog: drink it. lIcoked tn the phone
dialog: book. Didn't telephone. Kind of
dialog: funny looking he was. Short and
dialog: fat. Walked funny...like
dialog: second he might break into a run.
speaker_heading: MART
dialog: (with sudden
dialog: excitement )
dialog: Did he have a foreign accent?
text: Beneath the counter, RAVEIN'S hand closes like ea vise on
text: ner wrist, Sho turns to fece him as POPT™R replies. Their
text: eyes mect, warning in RANKIN'S, WITSON observes this by play.
speaker_heading: . POTTZR
dialog: Why, yos, ho did. Not so much of
dialog: Qn accent...a8 a foraign way of talking.
dialog: You know. Words in tho wrong places.
text: RANKIN'S oyos, fixed on NARY'S, glaro brisfly. Then,
text: conscious of WITSON'S intercst, he looks down et tho
text: counter. But his hand on her wrist incroases its pressure.
dialog: 
dialog: . wIIsot -
dialog: Do you know who he could bo,
dialog: Mrs, Rankin?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (forces a laugh)
dialog: Why...no. I wos..,how should I...
dialog: I was just trying to make your
dialog: mystery complete. Shouldn't e121
dialog: mysterious strangers heve foreian
dialog: accents?
text: RAPKIS looses his erin. They 411 turn towerds the door as it
text: opens end ‘Hoa “rushcs in, He ignores thoir greetings,
speaker_heading: . LUGAR
dialog: Mary, have you seen Red?
speaker_heading: : MARY.
dialog: Not since I took him home this
dialog: “OAH .¢
dialog: I've looked a1] over for him,
dialog: yy
dialog: a
speaker_heading: 126 (Cont. 2) 90.
speaker_heading: RAREIN
dialog: (ho alone kmows
dialog: where the dog is)
dialog: I thought last night you told me
dialog: he never ran off,
speaker_heading: MOAR i
dialog: (answoring for MARY)
dialog: Ho never did.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That's why “Jloch's’: anelous.
dialog: (slins down from
dialog: her stool):
dialog: Come on, Chtrles, we'tl go sea.
dialog: I*1i telephone you, Realy - if
dialog: he's at our place or not.
text: She leads the wey out, Ri"FI at her heels,
speaker_heading: + SLISON
dialog: How shout 4 soda, Monn? +
text: NOAM ..
dialog: No, thenk zou, sire thinic
dialog: Itli go look somo morc.
speaker_heading: YIISON _
dialog: Ttiz Jota yu.
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Goed night, wir. Pettor,
speaker_heading: dfieeton POMmR'S ricer
text: WIISON and 2:..n .' coms cut and see the RANKIN roadster
text: diseppearing down the street. “FOAT™” looks after it.
speaker_heading: HOLE wW
dialog: Were you eble to find ot enything?
speaker_heading: WIISOM
dialog: (nodding)
text: Meinike did go to Runkin'’s heuse.
dialog: . And your sister did sce him.
text: They move down the strect, CAMERA PRTCIDITG THEM.
speaker_heading: MOA: *
dialog: Did Mary say so?
speaker_heading: WIISON
dialog: She stcrtod ta. But when she
dialog: reelizod that he didn't “ant her
dialog: to tell, she stoppad. That sister
dialog: ef yours is a nice girl, och. ~
dialog: 4
dialog: 127 (Continued) 91.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
speaker_heading: NOAE
dialog: What's the next step, sir?
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Mary must loarn what manner of man
dialog: sho's married to.
speaker_heading: : NOAH .
dialog: You don't know Mary. She wouldn't
dialog: disten t* anythins against him...
dialog: much less believe.
dialog: Ww t thihgs, Noah, «
dialog: @ must arrance 3, No so
dialog: that she finds out for horsoif.
text: (rubs his chin
text: .. reflectively) .
dialog: One thing eure, sho knews nothing
dialog: now.. nothing at all...cxcopt that
dialog: he didn't want her te admit having
dialog: scen semeone aho saw. I'd sive
dialog: somathing te know what explanation
dialog: he's makinz rirht now.
dialog: 128. .
scene_heading: TRAVELING SHOT BANEIN'S CAR NIGHT
text: RANKIN, driving at hich speed, gos a car onacurve, His
dialog: whools’ akid. WARE "Taredunte: *
text: zasps inwluntarily.
dialog: . ,
speaker_heading: RANTIN
dialog: Iwas a student ot Genova. Thero was
dialog: & Girl...The nicht hefrre I was te
dialog: leave, wo wont out on the lake torether.
dialog: Sho said sho wuld novor return te shore
dialog: unless T promisot te marry her.
dialog: thourht Was joking. She wasn't.
dialog: Befrro I qulé step hor, she'd stood
text: up in tho beat and mate hor threat cocd.
dialog: T divod aftor hor, hut she was ccno.
dialog: ho pausos)
dialog: Only one persen know we had sone cut
dialog: on that lako tngethor. Her brother.
dialog: T told him what had happened. Hoe
dialog: protonded not to believe me. Accused
dialog: mo of her murdcor. Thon he seemed to
dialog: rolont. Perhaps it hat been an accident. .
dialog: Ie I_woro willinc ta compensate him for
dialog: tho loss of his siuter, perhaps there
dialog: Bacht he nc noed of an investigation.
dialog: T fave him what money I had and the next
text: day left Switzorlant. Gretually, as the
dialog: yoars went by, I allewed myself tc believe
dialog: thot the dead past really was dea.
dialog: - 128 (Cont.) / 92.
speaker_heading: RANKIN (Cont'd)
dialog: (again he pauses) -
dialog: Then, on our wedding day, Mary, he
dialog: appeared again. Well, I'd once
dialog: bought ten years of silence. Perhaps
dialog: now I could buy another. Anything
dialog: . Pather than risk Iosing you. I gave
dialog: him o11 the money I had in the world..
dialog: oe.and he went ewey,
text: He stops the car in front of the house and turns. towards her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You should have told me...not
dialog: earried this ewful thing all by
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Msry...you're very wonderful.
dialog: (bho kisses
dialog: her tenderly)
dialog: ‘Ana I love you very mich,
text: Ee pushes cpen the door of ths csr. She starts to get out.
dialog: Ops.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Charles...
text: (he jooks at her
dialog: ngly
dialog: oeowhy didn't he go back for his’
dialog: things?
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (after o pause)
dialog: Once he had money, I suppose he
dialog: could afford bettor. You run on
dialog: in. I'll put the car away.
text: She gots out. As she goas into the house, he spins the
text: ear towards the gerege.
scene_heading: " DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR MEINIKE'S GRAVE WIGHT
text: RED'S torepans plow into the hard certh, Scooping it up :
text: behing hi CAMERA PUILIS BACK to include RANKI™, immobile,
text: watching the dog. He takes c cautious step forward, His
text: foot snaps a e@ brench. Instantly, RED freezes, head
text: raised to face the intruder. RANKIN, his chance of surprise
text: gone, holds out his hend in a reassuring gesture,
dialog: - (sortiy) -
dialog: Here, Red. Here, boy.
dialog: ~
dialog: ) .
dialog: i
dialog: i29
dialog: (Cont .) : 9s. .
text: He moves forward gently, hoping not to frighten the dog
text: ‘before ho can reach his coller. As his hend almost touches,
text: RED leaps aside, and takes a new position. Again RANKIN
text: attempts to reach him without alarming him. Again the dog ©
text: evades him. Through the naked trees, the pursuit continues;
text: RA‘EIN by turns threatening end cajoling. :
text: Pinelly, RANKIN makes a sudden grab for the dog. R=D
text: snaps at him. ‘The two stand-staring et each other for a
text: moment. Thon, his face . begins filling the
text: hole RED has dug. The dog stands immobile, watching hin.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: y)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: 150. :
scene_heading: INTERIOR CLASS ROOM NEXT AFTERNOON
text: NOAH'S deak 1s empty. RANKIN, a now tensicn in hie manner, 14
dialog: lecturing. . :
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: ecoHe lived dangormialy...and he
dialog: Was pr a te Ate dangerously.
dialog: During @reator part of his
dialog: reign, Frederick always carried a
text: vial of poison on his person. He
dialog: Rover to use it.
dialog: (his eyos aro drawn to
text: NOSE'S ompty desk. He
dialog: eusog. ; -than eatches
dialog: 0
dialog: Whore was I, Heathonto?
speaker_heading: HEATHOOTE
speaker_heading: (rt eing)
dialog: You said Predorick didn't use his
dialog: poison, sir. .
dialog: (nedding) .
dialog: Unlike many -f his successcrs in .
dialog: rulinz Germany, Frederick wn his
dialog: battlos...and Was allowed tc die at
dialog: his appointed time. He he lived
dialog: lonzor, 1% micsht havo...
dialog: (a deli rings.
dialog: Eo deea't finish
dialog: the sentence)
dialog: Tine, sentlemen. Until temorrcw.
text: Ee turns back to his desk and tathers his pepers hurrtedly
text: as tho Scys exit into the hallway. As straichtens up, he
dialog: stops Punuans .
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Oh, Purman? .
speaker_heading: : FURMAN
dialog: Ceomine to him)
dialog: Yos, sir.
dialog: Soon Loncetroet?
speaker_heading: FURMAN :
dialog: No, sir. He hasn't seen in any
dialog: of his classes today.
speaker_heading: 130 (Cont.) 95.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . RANKIN
dialog: (nodding) —
dialog: Thenk you. I just wondered.
speaker_heading: DISSOLY= TO
dialog: 131.
scene_heading: TXTERIOR THE *OODS AFTERNOON
text: Beside @ small bridge crossing a hallow gully, NOAH”:
text: and FIISON stend beside the dead body of RED.
speaker_heading: NOstret
dialog: (pointing across
dialog: the bridge)
dialog: I came by juet over there...
dialog: whistling for him. TI bet he was
dialog: trying to got to me. Yes, sir...
dialog: poor old Red...that's what he was -
dialog: trying to do. He hoard my whistle,
dialog: I bet, tut he couldn't bark or
dialog: ing. Ee crawlod this far end
dialog: just died. If only I'd come down
dialog: ve this path, Ita have seen him ang
dialog: —_~ mayba I could have dons something.
dialog: eeh@ wouldn't have died...
dialog: all alone.
dialog: (his lips tremble
text: threateningly. To cover
text: his emotion, he bends over
dialog: and péts the dead dog's
dialog: heed very gentiy)
dialog: Poor old Red...he was en awfully
dialog: goad dog.
dialog: ‘ (he straightens up)
dialog: Well...guess I'd better go home and
dialog: gst a spade so I can go about burying
dialog: 
text: He turns towards hom. But WIISOM only leans against the
text: pridge and methodically begins filling his pipe.
speaker_heading: FIISON
dialog: What do you imagine caused Red's
dialog: aceth, Stephen? |
dialog: -NOAE....
dialog: I guess he just got sick and..ce
dialog: (the th t suddenly
dialog: ~ strikes )
dialog: «eFou don't suppose he could heave
dialog: mo been poisoned; do you, Mr. Wilson?
speaker_heading: (WITSON, filling his
dialog: pipe, frowns)
dialog: But woo wuld do a thing like that
dialog: to Red? .
dialog: 131 (Cont.) , 96",
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . WIISON
dialog: Probably no one. And yet..well..
dialog: it it:were not a dog but a human
dialog: being, there'd be an autopsy.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 132. .
scene_heading: INTERIOR DR. IAWRENCE'S EXAMINING ROOM
text: A bright overhead light shines down on 4 steel examination
text: table on which lies the sheeted body of RED. WIISON and
text: HOaL . stand watching DR. LAWRENCE as he heats a test tube
text: over the flame of a bunsen burner, The contents of the tube
text: poll up. LAFRENCE studies it.
speaker_heading: TAFRENCS
dialog: There's encugh cyanide in his
dialog: stomach to kill a horse, let
dialog: @lone a dog.
speaker_heading: (vLolently) OAR
dialog: ~ : We'll find cut who did it, won't
dialog: . we, Mr. Wilson? We'll never stop
dialog: until we do find out. And then I'll
dialog: kill him
text: During this, WLISON hes broken off @ little piece of md from.
text: one of Red's forepews,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: How long could the dog have lived
dialog: with thet amount of cyanide in him?
speaker_heading: TAT'RENCE
text: Not more than a minute or so,
dialog: I'd say.
speaker_heading: "WOAH *
dialog: What does the law say about this kind
dialog: of murder? Is the penalty the seme
dialog: as for killing a man? It ought to be.
dialog: Itts just as bad,
speaker_heading: WIISON
dialog: Then he mist have been poisoned within
text: a few hundred yards of where Neah. ..
dialog: found him. And the letter part of that
dialog: -o~ _. @istance he must have been moving more
dialog: @nd more slowly.
dialog: ee (abruptly)
dialog: Thenk you very much, Dr. Lawrence,
speaker_heading: - ROL
dialog: Yes...thanks, Jeff,
speaker_heading: 132 (Cont.) 9.
text: They put RED'S body into 4 sack, The boy puts it over his
text: Shoulder. They go out. CA'MRA TRUCKS AB™AD OF THEM as they
text: move down the darkening streets.
speaker_heading: WIISON :
dialog: (show NOAH ‘“:, the
dialog: piece of aye mid
dialog: Forepaws nha no mud on hind.
dialog: (be orumbles it
dialog: and looks at it)
text: Dry leaves mixed with the md.
text: Red must have been digging somewhere
text: in the woods.
speaker_heading: WOAd
dialog: Have you got any idea whet for,
dialog: Mr, Wilson?
speaker_heading: (nodding) _MIISON
dialog: A body, I think... .Meiatke's,
dialog: NOaz. : .
dialog: (an horror)
dialog: * The little man....
speaker_heading: (WRISON nods)
dialog: (the thought is too
dialog: monstrous for words)
dialog: pooyOU Mean... .Charles....the
dialog: little minw.ses
dialog: On ="oagtS * " horrified face:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE coT
scene_heading: fn. FADE IN
dialog: 133.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR STHRET DAY
text: RADKIN, in shirt sleovas, ‘emerges from the church and
text: crosses to POTTER'S. Tha door to, the ona tas closed, ~~
dialog: BAUKIN ise it. It is docked. ror med ie ee end hat,
text: oarry &@ spade appears unlocks it. He opens
text: the door to admit RAEI, CAMERA follows him in
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: You just caught me.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Anything vrong?
speaker_heading: POITER
dialog: Wrong? Oh...you mean, closin’
dialog: up like this?
speaker_heading: (RANKI?’ nods)
dialog: Tust goltt on the scerch. What
dialog: wero you aftor?
dialog: A can %. ° tease
dialog: 2 poteks gota it)
dialog: Fhat seers
dialog: 
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: stiffens)
dialog: Stata polico'yvo doputized halt
dialog: the town.
dialog: For the body.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (forcing himscif
dialog: to be casual)
dialog: One misses the news...up in the
dialog: clock meee ae set body are they
dialog: secrching f
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: They don’t rightly know. it oy
dialog: bet is it’s the faller thee left
dialog: his bags hore,
dialog: honding him the o11)
dialog: Fifteen cents. I°11 put it on your
dialog: @ccount. They'ro goin' to seerch
dialog: the woods. Wont to come slong?
dialog: (starting out)
dialog: No. I have something to attend to.
dialog: oo.
text: He hurries cut. POTTZR follows him and locks the door on
dialog: the outside.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 
dialog: 154.
scene_heading: INTERICR RAIN HOUSE naY
text: RANKIN, in the hallway, hangs up his coat end hat. . SARA
text: enters from the kitchen. |
dialog: t
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Oh, 1t'S you, sir. I thought
dialog: perhaps it was Miss Mary....I
dialog: mean, Mrs. Rankin,
speaker_heading: : RANKIN
dialog: (shortly)
dialog: She's cut?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yes, sir. She said she'd be
dialog: back shortly. |
text: RA“KIN nods and starts upstairs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To
dialog: 135.
scene_heading: INTERIOR RANKIM BEDROOM DAY
text: On the bed, an open suitcase is half packed with RAPKIN'S
text: ‘Clothes, Shirts and underwear, ready for packing, are
text: stacked beside it. CAYERA PANS WER TO RAYKIW, seated in
text: an armchair beside the window. . He is smoking a cigarette
text: and his fingers beat ea nervous tattoo upon the arms of the
text: chair, His eyes never move from the window. Suddenly he
dialog: tenses.
dialog: 136. :
scene_heading: EXTERIOR RANKIN GROUNDS
text: Through the window, RANKIN sees MARY drive up to the house
text: and stop the cer in front of the door,
dialog: 137. :
scene_heading: INTERIOR RANKIN REDROOM
text: RANKIN instantly rises, butts his cigerette, and resumes
text: his packing. He pays no attention to the murmur of MARY’*S
text: and SARA'S voices from below, nor the sound of MARY'S heels
text: @s she runs up the stairs, Sne Opens the door and comes
text: - into the room, apparentiy surprising him,
dialog: (entering)
dialog: Sara told me you were;...
dialog: jecing iin peceing)
dialog: See. pa
dialog: Why are you packing? Are we
dialog: going somewhere? :
text: He streightens up and locks at her for a mament in silence,
text: Then slowly goes to the door and closes it. He turns back
text: to MARY end takes her hands in his. He kisses first one,
dialog: than the other.
dialog: ~~)
dialog: 137 (Continued) ae 200.
speaker_heading: RANKIN .
dialog: We aren't, ny dearest...I an.
speaker_heading: : MARY
dialog: What are you talkin about?
speaker_heading: RANKIN .
dialog: As a rule, mon loavo their wives hecause
dialog: they dont dove them, but I...
dialog: he-falters...regning |
dialog: Bis self-control)
dialog: ZT met peeve you Decause I dn.
text: sho starts to speak
dialog: Ho atops hor)
dialog: Oh, you'll make no objoction ence you
dialog: know the kind of man you marriod.
speaker_heading: : MARY
dialog: You arg the man I marriod. That's all
dialog: that Batters. I meant what I said...
dialog: for better,..for worse.
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Even tc killing Red?
text: WARY rocoils instantly. RANKIN. watchos narrowly for her ree
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: You o-uldn't have.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: and yot...2 did.
dialog: It was an accident.
speaker_heading: . RaNnkIN
dialog: No. I moant te kill hin.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I can't helievo...you know bew much
dialog: T leved hin.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Oh, there was reason enouch, Murder
dialog: san he a chain, Mary. One link
text: leading to ancthor until it circles
dialog: your nock.
text: (ho turns away from her,
dialog: Her stricken oyes fcllow
dialog: him te the window) ss
dialog: Red was digxing at tho crave of a man
dialog: I ktllod. Yea...yrur Uttle manee.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: You killed him?
dialog: y)
dialog: "137 (Cont.) . 101.
dialog: With these hands,
dialog: (ne holds them
dialog: out to hor)
dialog: The same hands that heave herd you
dialog: close to ma,
dialog: (again harshly) .
dialog: Now aro you satisfied to let ma go?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (4m an agonized voice)
dialog: Why aid you do it?
speaker_heading: . RAPKIN
dialog: I'd heave given him al] I had....
text: but his dreams wers fer grander.
dialog: He knew that your father is wealthy...
dialog: Did you ever stop to think I was
dialog: making a vory good match in
dialog: marrying you?
dialog: Stop torturing me.
speaker_heading: RAIKIN
dialog: He was suro that Justice Longstreet
dialog: would be glad to protect his daughter
dialog: against scandal by peying a fow
dialog: thousand doliars,
text: turns back to face her)
dialog: Oh, Mary, I should have gone away and
dialog: lost myself in a world where Moinike
dialog: could never find me. Thst’s what I
dialog: should have done. Instoad..,.
text: (he looks at her
dialog: for a long moment)
dialog: T loved you and I. was weak.
text: (he turns back
dialog: toward the window)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (she-comos to his
text: side, then softly) .
dialog: charies...ir one of us gees, we
dialog: both go.
dialog: (sho manages a
dialog: tremulous smile)
dialog: You would have shared helt oy
dialog: trouble, Charles, if I’d hed any.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
text: (he seems about to yield,
text: then his body stiffens and
text: his face becomes grim)
dialog: No....I won't let -you.
dialog: y)
speaker_heading: 137 (Cont. 1) 102.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Tell ne, Charles...
dialog: : -(she hesitates, Then:)
dialog: What is there to connect you with
dialog: that mon?
dialog: (the victor)
dialog: Nothing, actuslly. You're the
dialog: only one who knows I knew hin.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then whet have you to fear...if
dialog: I*m the only one who can speak?
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Put in falling to speak you become
dialog: Qa pert of the crime.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm a part of it anyway because
dialog: I'ma pert of you.
dialog: Fer the tir st tine, RANKIN fools completoiy secure. He
text: starts to sweep her into his orms. ylolds herself
dialog: willingly to him. Thon som instinctive reaction that
text: she herself doosn't understand makes her body tremble.
text: RANKIN instantly pulls beck...only his hands remaining
text: on her arms.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: And yet you shudder at the first
dialog: touch of my hends...as though it
dialog: was the touch.of death.
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: It's nothing. Nerves. ~
dialog: (foreing hersoif)
dialog: Hold mo close, Charles.
text: She raises her lips to him, Watching her intentiy, he
text: kissos her. She forces herself-to respond. Then, suddeniy ,
text: she slumps in his erms, She has fainted. Again, all
text: expression fe11s from his face. His syes grow dull end
text: his mouth hangs slightly open. He picks her up eud carries
text: her to the bed. He loys hor down and stends looking down
text: at hor, Unconsciously,'his fingers flex themselves. Ee
dialog: knows now that sho, too, mist die,
text: During this, over scene, there has arisen the excited shouts
text: of boys running. past the house. He becanes conseious of the
text: Sound. Its meaning is obvious. He is himself agein as he
text: erosses to the window.
dialog: 13a. 195.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR RANKIN HOUSE
text: Through the Window, RANKIN sogs boys running to and fro
text: shouting excitedly to cach cther, their words lost in the wind
dialog: 1359.
scene_heading: INTERIOR mANKIN BEDROOM
text: RANKIN throwa open the window and leans cut.
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Fulbright. vtelker, - What's
dialog: happened? .
speaker_heading: BOY's VOICE
dialog: They've found the grave, sir.
dialog: They're digwing now.
text: Witheut answerinz, RANKIN shuts the windew again. ‘Then
text: turns back to MARY an she begins te atir. .
dialog: 240.
text: EXTERIOR THE WOODS AFTERNOON
dialog: MEINIKE'S crave has boon cpened ond a rope has heen strungz
dialog: on stakes arcund it t koop tho crrwi frem trampling arcund
text: it. The oxhumed body lies, under canvas, Deside the crave,
text: Unitcrmed atate patrolmen are snappinc pictures of the scene.
text: . POTTER, sweat stained from the exerticn of digwing, is
dialog: talking to twe men in f.¢.
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: Know darned woll it was the
dialog: samo follor. ‘Course ho's
dialog: ohanzof eome. Bein! buried in
dialog: the earth does 1t.
text: CAMERA swincs away tc WILSON and NOAH atan* on a little
text: knoll, Inoking Mown at the scene. 88
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: What'll we do ahout Mary? We
dialog: Sante leave hor alono with him...
dialog: new that we know?
dialog: (quokoe his pipe
dialog: emekos his pipe
dialog: an silence. then:
text: She realizes new that whatever
dialog: ‘ story ho told her abeut Moinike
dialog: Was folse.
dialog: (ho pauses)
dialog: Noah, I think ycur sister should
dialog: ba realy to hear the truth.
dialog: ro 104.
dialog: ~~ 141.
scene_heading: ENT*RIOR RANKIN DINING ROCH “IGHT
text: WARY and RANKIN are dining b7 candlelight. The food on her
text: Plate is v’-tually ignored. RANKIN is forcing himself to cat.
speaker_heading: RAYELN
dialog: (vreaking the silence)
dialog: You must eat, darling.
text: Like an obedicnt child, MARY pioks up her forte and puts some
text: food inte her mouth. Sno tekes a sip of water to help her
dialog: swallow.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Charles...they won't mako ma
dialog: look et tho dody, will thoy?
speaker_heading: RA"KIN
dialog: I shouldn't think so.
text: . MARY .
dialog: I couldn't do it. At Joast, I
dialog: don't think I could. I nevor saw
dialog: @ doed person...
text: She breaks off as SARA entors, vagetable dish in hand.
dialog: +
speaker_heading: " RANKIN
dialog: How many are you having at your tea?
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: Twenty-eight, @11 together.
dialog: (to SABA..at-hor elbow)
dialog: No more, thenk you, Sara.
dialog: A .
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You don't eat moro than that,
dialog: you'll be fainting ogein.
speaker_heading: RANELN
speaker_heading: (to MARY)
dialog: Is't that too many for just you
dialog: and Sara? ‘
dialog: (to SARA, at his olbow)
dialog: No more for me sither, thank you.
speaker_heading: SLR
dialog: We'll manage 411 right.
text: She exits into kitchan.
dialog: a : (in a low
dialog: urgent voice)
dialog: Must we, Cherles?
dialog: ))
dialog: 141 (Cont.) . , 208.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (almost fiercely)
dialog: Hush. Of course ve mst.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But wheat if I should...
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Should what?
dialog: (mumb ly)
dialog: I don't know. I only know that
dialog: I'm terrified of Seeing anybody...
dialog: of being seen.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (voice level) .
dialog: You mst keep tight hold of yourself,
dialog: Mary. If you're really going through
dialog: with this you mst now beforehand
dialog: whet you are going to asy...and do,
dialog: Yet you mst give the impression of
dialog: absclute naturalness.
dialog: (without a break as
dialog: reenters to
dialog: clear avay)
dialog: Dr. Hobson may not be able to cama,
text: He has a meeting on Tuesday morning in
dialog: Boston. Unless he makes perfect
dialog: Sonnect Lane. - »« 1
dialog: @ telephone rings
dialog: offscene as SiRA erits)
dialog: eeeAbove all, you mist give the
dialog: ssion of absolute naturalness at
dialog: @ll times, I'm prepared to face the
dialog: police or... :
dialog: (again he interrupts
dialog: himself as SARA exters)
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's your father, Miss Mery. He
dialog: wents to talc to you. .
text: MART slips from her chair and goes to the telephone in hall
text: fust outside dining room,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (into phones)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: " _(peuse)
dialog: Why, yes, I think so...
dialog: again a pause)
dialog: Just wait one second. I'll see.
text: She sets the receiver down on the table and comes back to
text: the doorway. Panic is in her tone,
speaker_heading: 141 (Cont.) 106:
speaker_heading: a MARY (Cont td)
dialog: He wants me to come over. . ‘
speaker_heading: ' RA"EIN
dialog: (leve1ly)
dialog: Did he ask me too?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (shaking her heed)
dialog: He said he vanted to see me alone.
dialog: I'm frightened, Charles.
speaker_heading: . RANKIN
dialog: There's nothing unusual in a father
dialog: wanting to see his daughter. You
dialog: must go.
text: She looks at him, then her eyes drop as she turns back to
text: ‘the phone. RANKIN rises from the table and follows her into
text: the hell, CAMERA PAPNIDG “ITT HIM.
dialog: (et: phone)
dialog: 411 Tight, “adam, I'11 be along
text: in a few minutes.
dialog: 
text: She hangs up and looks at her buebend.
speaker_heading: RAVKIN
dialog: : (reassuringly)
dialog: You can drop ma off at the church.
dialog: T'll work on the clock while you're
dialog: with your father. When you're
dialog: through, you can join me there.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Charles...I'm afraid. It was so
dialog: pointed...his wenting’to see me
dialog: @lone. And his volce, it sounded
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: RADKIN
dialog: (nis hend on
dialog: her hair)
dialog: You know what you're going to say,
dialog: dontt you, Mary? You know you hold
dialog: my life in your hends?
text: Looking up st him, she nods slowly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: ~ 142.
scene_heading: : INTERICR UPPER HEALDVAY LC GSTRTET HOME NIGHT
text: MARY, visibly braced for ony emergency, crosses to the
text: entrance of her father's study. me hesitetss a moment.
text: Then throws open the door.
dialog: »)
dialog: 107.
dialog: Hifinron once Lomestmezr’s eToor sraar
text: ’ MARY, silhouetted in the light from the hallway behind her,
text: Stands on the threshold of a dark room. There is no sound
text: except & faint metaliic murmur, not instantly identifiable.
text: The sound stops and the room is suddenly lighted.
dialog: 144.
scene_heading: THE ROOM FROM MARY'S ANGTES
text: WILSON stands beside the JUDGE'S desk on which is mounted @
text: sixteen millimetre projector, a'reel of film half run. |
text: At the opposite end cf the room, @ portable Screen masks
text: the bookcases, The JUDGE, his face lined, rises frem his
text: rocker which has beon moved to face the sorsen.
scene_heading: . JUDGE LOMCSTREET
dialog: (gravely) .
dialog: Come in, Mary.
text: (he closss‘the door
text: behind hor, smiles at
dialog: her reassuringiy )
dialog: Sit down, my dear.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (looks from hor father 7
dialog: to WITSON and back to
dialog: her father again)
dialog: Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTRIIT
dialog: Mary...Mr. Wilson is here on a very
dialog: serious matter end we mist try to
dialog: help him in every way possible He
dialog: wants to ask some questions of you.
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: _ MARY 7
dialog: What is it you wish to know, Mr. Wilson?
speaker_heading: . WITSON
dialog: You know about the body that was
dialog: discovered yvosterday?
speaker_heading: (MARY nods) .
dialog: Did you ever meet the deceased,
dialog: Mrs, Reukin?
speaker_heading: . * | MARY
dialog: No, Mr. Wilson, I didn't,
speaker_heading: WIIsoN
dialog: Eave you seen the body, Mrs. Rankin?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Mowees
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Then how con you be sure you never mt?
dialog: 144 Cont'd tos.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: «eOf course I can't be gure.
speaker_heading: WIISON
dialog: (produces a photograph -
dialog: hands it to MARY)
dialog: Does this photograph serve to
dialog: refresh your memory, Mrs, Rankin?
dialog: (holding it, MARY tries
dialog: to kcep her’ hond from
text: trembling. She shakes
dialog: her head
dialog: 145.
text: INS"RT: Picture of MSINIXE, in civilian clothes, in MARY'S
text: trembling hand,
speaker_heading: WIISON'S VOICE
dialog: Are you sure you don't recognize him?
dialog: 146. .
scene_heading: BACK To SCENE
speaker_heading: - MARY
dialog: (masking foar vith
dialog: a@ show of onger)
dialog: Of course Itm sure. Do-you suspect
dialog: me of somthing. If so, what?
speaker_heading: WINSON
text: Of shielding a mirderer.
text: MARY haif rises from her chair. Her knees buckle and she
text: sinks back.
speaker_heading: WIISON (Cont'a)
dialog: Mes. Renkin, I'm on the Allied
dialog: Cormission tor the punishment of
dialog: war criminals. It's my job to
dialog: bring escaped Nazis to justice,
dialog: It 1s that job that brought ma
dialog: to Harper.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Surely you don't think.:.I've never
dialog: so mich as known @ Nozi, Mr. Wilson.
speaker_heading: WIISON
dialog: You night, without realizing it.
text: They look liko other people and act
dialog: like them - when it's to their interest.
dialog: (he pauses, Then with
dialog: apparent irrolevance } .
dialog: Itve been showing your father soms
dialog: films, Mrs. Rankin. I'd like you to sce
dialog: them too.
dialog: 109.
dialog: 146 (Continued) . . .
text: WILSON throws the licht switch, The reom ig in darkness. .
text: MARY, not knowins what to anticipate, sita tense in her chair.
text: JUDGE LONGSTREET'S anxious oyea stay on har. WILSON, un-
text: _hurriedly, moves to the projector. He teuchos a switch. Tho
text: sound cf the motor bogins again. After a gccond the Licht
dialog: in the machine comes on ani the picture is threwn cn tho
text: screen. The scence are cf Buchenwald.
dialog: A { meet) Hrs. Ranki the
dialog: ceed Cas or Be ose
dialog: dantidates were fires gtvon hot
dialog: showers s¢ that their pores weult he
dialog: Open and the gas wuld act that much |
dialog: mere quickly.. That is a cromatory,
text: Mra, Hankin. ‘Twonty furnaces in a
dialog: line wero kopt % = day and nicht...
dialog: Ana that 1s @ lime pit in which hundreds
dialog: of, mon, Women and ldron wore buried -
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (unable te tako her
dialog: eyos frem the screon)
dialog: Why de you wish me to lock at these
dialog: horrera?
speaker_heading: . WILSON
dialog: Thoy are all tho preduct ef cne mind...
text: eeetho mind of a man named Walther Kuhn.
dialog: ¢ t iant
dialog: 2. te
dialog: the nana) “ty
dialog: Walthor Kuhn...
dialog: The film contanues, thoush WILSON ne lonser Pays any atten-
dialog: ticn ot it. “His cencorn ts with MARY,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: te Was Kuhn who sencetyet the theory
dialog: of mass tien ef ernquore
dialog: sountriess en ther recartiags of who
dialog: biologically epoakinz. It was fer
dialog: this purpose that the mags murders
dialog: ho inatisated wore conceived.
text: he pauses. Her
dialog: eyee 7 hack to the
dialog: - screen. Thon:)
dialog: Unlike Goebbels and Himmler and the :
dialog: othors, Kuhn had a pageion for anonymity.
dialog: heWspapers carried ne picture of hin.
dialog: 
dialog: i
speaker_heading: 146 (Cont.) 116°
speaker_heading: . . WIISON (Cont'd)
dialog: And, before he disappeared, he
dialog: destroyed 411 evidence that might -
dialog: link him with his past, down to the
dialog: last fingerprint. There is no clue
text: to the identity of Walther Kuhn...
dialog: except one little thing....He has
text: a hobby that almost amounts to a
dialog: manie....clocks.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (starts to get out of
dialog: her chair - her knees
text: buckle - she slips back
dialog: into it)
dialog: So have lots of people...you..yourself,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: ({gnoring her question)
dialog: I've not finished, Mrs. Rankin. In
dialog: prison in Czechoslovakia, a creature
text: named Meinike was awaiting execution.
dialog: Meinike was the one-time executive
dialog: officer of Walther Kuhn, He wes an
text: obscenity on the face of the earth.
text: The mmell of burning flesh was in his
dialog: Clothes. We gave him his freedom on
dialog: the chance that he might lead me to
dialog: Kubn. He led me here, Mrs, Rankin.
dialog: And here; I lost him,.,.until yesterday.
dialog: Your dog, Red, found him for me. But .
text: unfortunately Meinike was dead end buried..
dialog: eeMginike had found Kuhn and Kuhn hed
dialog: murdered him because he ras afraid that
text: Meinike wes a threat to his own safety.
dialog: Tater, he murdered Red becauss Red also
dialog: had become a threat, Now, in all the
dialog: world, there is only one person who can
dialog: identity Walther Kuhn. That person is
dialog: the one who knows...knows positively.:.
text: who Meinike cams to Harper to see.
text: The last frames of film run through the projector and the
text: loose and flaps monotonously against the still turning reel.
text: right light shines full on the screen. WILSON ignores
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (finally...almost moaning) :
dialog: IT don't know.,..L know nothing...Let
dialog: me alone...
text: Now ¥IISON snaps on the room lights...turns off the projector.
dialog: 146 (Cont. 1) . “ie.
speaker_heading: ¥WIISON ©
dialog: You wore at Rankin's house during
dialog: the afternoon of tho day you were
dialog: ‘married?
dialog: 
dialog: ves, (gasping)
speaker_heading: WIISON
dialog: Did anyone como to the door while
dialog: you were thers?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Not that I romember.
speaker_heading: FILSON
dialog: Try your best to remember, Mrs, Rankin.
dialog: It was not so long ago...only three
dialog: weeks, You wore hanging curtains,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No ono came.
speaker_heading: : WIISON
dialog: — Were you alone the whole time?
dialog: =~ so MARY .
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: No. .
dialog: wrrsor
dialog: Who else was thore?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Charles was,
dialog: (with a great effort
dialog: of will, sho ocmposes
dialog: herself, then continues)
dialog: Eo camo right after his last class,
dialog: and we wore togcther for more than
dialog: an hour,
dialog: (she risos)
dialog: Mr, Wilson...you have nothing to link
dialog: my husband with this man,.Xubhn...except .
text: a wild suspicion. <A ridiculous suspicion.
dialog: You're trying to use mo to implicate him.
dialog: You can't. I won't discuss it further.
text: (without warning, she throws
dialog: open the door and exits)
scene_heading: ’ TUDGT LO"GSTREET
dialog: ~ . Mary’
text: a He follows her out of the room,
dialog: . me.
dialog: wot 147.
scene_heading: ' INTERICR SALIMAY NIGHT
dialog: 
text: MARY runs down tho stairs, Hcr father appears at their head.
scene_heading: { hes). LOPCSTREET
dialog: célling to her
dialog: Wait a minute, Sister,
dialog: (the use of the old term
dialog: of affection stops her;
text: She pauses, irresolute,
text: then turns to face hin.
text: He cames down to her,
text: puts his arm around her
dialog: shoulder and they continue
dialog: down stairs together)
dialog: That's batter.
dialog: (they rogch the bottom. He
dialog: turns her to face-him)
dialog: . You know that your wolfere and -Bogh'a''
dialog: meens more to mo than anything, don't
dialog: you'
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (her voice a
dialog: * little unstcady)
dialog: Yos, “Adam, I know that.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOMsSTRIET
dialog: We've got to face this thing with °
dialog: complete honesty, sister, Your entire
dialog: happiness may well depend on your
dialog: speaking the absolute truth.
speaker_heading: (MARY begins to
dialog: ery, Silently)
dialog: If Mr. Wilson is right and you have
dialog: innocently married a criminal....it's
dialog: mo marriage and there ts no call upon
dialog: your loyalty as a wife,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Charles wouldn't do anybody any harm
dialog: oe except to protect somebody he
dialog: doves, He's good. .
scene_heading: . JUDG? LOGSTREST
dialog: In thet case, the truth can't hurt him.
text: {she looks up et him.
dialog: His voice is very gentle)
dialog: Charles wasn't with you thet afternoon,
dialog: sister. I remember your saying so when
dialog: you came bom,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (suddenly flying out)
dialog: You're against Charlies! You've never
dialog: liked him! Thet's why you won't believe
dialog: met: Let us alone...he's my husband,..and
dialog: I love himt$! More than I love yo...or
dialog: Wonh,.~++.0F anybody?! Let us alone..e..
dialog: y;
speaker_heading: “A
dialog: 147 (Cont.) : 113,"
text: She flings open the front door and runs out. JUDGE LONGSTREET
text: looks after her sadly. There is the sound of her summing |
text: footsteps..then the slam of a car door....the grinding of
text: starter...the clash of gcars...the motor racing as she speeds
text: - away. Then the JUDGE hoars WIIS@''S footsteps as he comes
text: Slowly down the stairs, The JUDGE turns'to face him, FIISON
text: osrries a case in which is the projector.
speaker_heading: WIISON -
dialog: You sce, Judge Longstreet, it's
dialog: not that your daughter doesn't
dialog: believe the facts. She can't
dialog: accept them. Her conscious will
dialog: won't allow her, They'ra too
dialog: horrible to acknowledge, Not so
dialog: mich that Rankin could be Kubn....
dialog: as that she could ever have given
dialog: her love to Such 4 creature.
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: But we have one ally.
scene_heading: (JUDGE -LONGETRNET looks
text: at him, not understanding
dialog: Her subconscious. It knows what the
dialog: truth is and is struggling to be
dialog: heard.
dialog: (they move out of the
dialog: hhouse‘and down ths
dialog: steps, C.MERA preceding
dialog: them )
dialog: The will to truth within your daughter
dialog: is too strong to te denied.
scene_heading: JUDGE TOMGSTHEST
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Look here, Wilson....if he isn't Charles
dialog: Rankin, wa should be able to expose hin
text: without too much difficulty.
speaker_heading: WIISON
dialog: I'm not interested in proving he isntt
dialog: gearies Rankin, Judge Longstreet.
dialog: I'm oaly interested in proving that
dialog: he is Walther Kuhn,
speaker_heading: TGE LOT STREET
dialog: Eow do you propose to do that?
dialog: 148.
text: The men are moving down driveway.
speaker_heading: WITSON
dialog: Through your daughter.
dialog: oS hesitates)
dialog: »)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ‘1ae (Cont.) , . lade
speaker_heading: WIISON (Cont'd)
dialog: Uniess I'm mistaken, she's headed
dialog: for a nervous breakdown. That's
dialog: the usual result of a person being
text: inwardly divided. Renkin will
dialog: recognize this. That's what I'm
dialog: banking on.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LOMSTHN=T
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FIISON
dialog: Be can't afford to trust a porson
text: approaching hystoria, Ho won't.
dialog: He'll have to act.
dialog: (dispassionate ly)
dialog: Ho my try to cscape bufore she
dialog: eollepses. Which would be an
dialog: admission of guilt. OFee.
text: With irritating mthodicalness, he stops, raps the bowl of,
text: nis pipe against the projector case, Then examines it
dialog: meticulously to bo sure the lest shreds of tobacco have
text: been knocked cut. Satisfied, ho unsorews the stem,
scene_heading: JUDG. LONCSTREET
dialog: (dmpationtly)
dialog: Go one
text: Beforo answering, WITSON biows through the disconnected
text: Stem, then squints through it to see that it its clean.
dialog: Ee serews it back on. Then:
speaker_heading: FIISON
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Ho may kill her.
speaker_heading: ° JUDGE LOMGSTRE=T
dialog: (with,
dialog: inoreduli t) .
dialog: Mr. Wilson...this is my daughter
dialog: we'ro discussing.
dialog: vrrsor
dialog: You'tro shocked at my cold- bloodedness,
dialog: Tudge Longstreet.
text: (he resumes walking.
speaker_heading: E LOMGSTREET has
dialog: no alternative but to
dialog: continue with him)
dialog: That's quite natural. You're her
dialog: father. It's because you are her
dialog: father that I'm talking like this.
dialog: I feel I owe it to you.
dialog: (he pauses) .
dialog: Naturally, I shell try to preven’
dialog: murder being dons,
dialog: |
dialog: !
dialog: 
dialog: 148
dialog: (Cont. 1) iié-
text: In far b.g., the silhoustte of the clock tower comes into
text: viow. chro remains stationery as the two men move on,
text: their volees becoming more and more indistinct.
speaker_heading: WIISON (Cont'd)
dialog: However, the proof that murder is
dialog: his aim is tho strongost evidence
dialog: your daughter could have...
text: No further words oan be heard. CAMERA begins moving
text: forward towards the clock tower.
speaker_heading: DISSOIV? TO
dialog: 149.
scene_heading: INTERIOR CLOCK TOYER NIGHT
dialog: 150.
dialog: 184.
text: Swinging from a cross benm, 4 lightod lantern throws ghostly
text: shadows through the roam, trensforming its upright oaken ~
text: beame end uprights inte eerie cutiines. RANKIN, in shirt
text: Sleeves, is working on the clock, the pounding of his hammer
text: and chisel deadening any outsido noise. There is jubilation
text: in his eyos, The door opons and MARY enters. She stands
text: on the threshold, rvotehing him. .
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT MARY :
text: A startling chango has taken placo in her since leaving her
text: father's house. Hor face is sot in rigid lines and her. cyes
text: are very herd, darting suddenly first to one side then the
text: other ag though in foar of betng watched. ‘There is no sign
dialog: of any hysteria in hor manner, though hor movements and
dialog: speech brand her as 4 nourotic.
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: (cold voiced)
dialog: Cherics.
scene_heading: INTERIOR CLOCK TORER NIGHT
text: RANKIN turns to face her, His face is working with
dialog: excitement, He hardly seas her.
speaker_heading: BANKIN
dialog: : Waitt
text: He turns back to tho clock. Suddenly it is in motion.
text: Hereaftor throughout the sceno thore is the regular beat
dialog: indicating the passing of tho soconds. :
speaker_heading: RANKIN (Cont'd)
dialog: It's working! Aftor how long?
dialog: After more than a hundred yecrs..e.
dialog: Listen, .
text: (he moves his head in
dialog: time with the beat)
dialog: y)
dialog: 151 (Cont.) . 126,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It was a trap...just as you sald.
dialog: Wilson was thorc, Ho tried ta
dialog: tell me you were a Nazis.
dialog: sSomabedy called Walther Kuhn..As
dialog: if I'a4 believe such c thing.
dialog: Imegine...you...an ascapod Nozi.
text: RANKIN stops his work...i8 silent.....thon, after 4
text: moment, Tesumes working.
speaker_heading: . : MARY (Cont'd)
dialog: He thinks hots wry clover, that
dialog: Wiison...vory clever indeed. His
dialog: ideo was to horrify mo into telling
dialog: him about Moinike, You wouldn't
dialog: polieve anyone could think up such
dialog: fantastic things.
dialog: {she laughs)
speaker_heading: RAPELN
dialog: (laughing with her)
dialog: Who did ho say ho thought I was?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Walthor Kuhn.
dialog: (she stops loughing)
dialog: You're not, aro you?
speaker_heading: . RLUKIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MLRY
dialog: Ho made it all up...just to trep
dialog: Mo..sbut I told him nothing.
dialog: I told father nothing, I outfaced
dialog: them both.
text: Ths clock begins to chime,
speaker_heading: RLNEIN
dialog: Listen.
dialog: {he counts the beats
text: with imperceptible
dialog: movements of his head)
dialog: 4& good omen.
speaker_heading: MsRY
dialog: It'll bo simnic onough to prove you
dialog: aren'tes.
dialog: (she hositotes
dialog: over tho neme)
dialog: eethat Nazi. Ye'll find somebody who
dialog: was in your cless ct collego. He'll
dialog: idontify you...and that’s all there'll
dialog: be to it.
dialog: y
speaker_heading: 181 (Cont. 1) oo
dialog: lip
speaker_heading: BANEIN
dialog: But if ho isn't really after
dialog: Walther Kuhn. If eli that's just
dialog: to horrify you, as you seid, then
dialog: what would be the use? #5 can't
dialog: touch me...I'm quite safo...if
dialog: you sey nothing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I won't, Cherlos...I promise,
dialog: Thoy can torture me.
text: OVERSCENE tho sound of voices. Calls from the distance.
speaker_heading: RAEN
speaker_heading: (trLumphantly)}
dialog: «The chimes havo awakened Harpor,
dialog: We must go down. Act naturelly.
dialog: Smile at thom.
text: He puts his amm around her shoulder and leads her onto
dialog: . lending.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I shal.
text: ‘She starts down tho ladder first.
speaker_heading: RINEIN
dialog: Be careful.
dialog: (he gives hor his hand)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't ncod any help....
dialog: really, diorlos,
text: They start down tho ladder.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
speaker_heading: Berenror GmuRCH SIGHT
text: Six or eight townspeople have bcen coiled out by the chiming
text: ef the clock. Some are fully dressed, bat most have hastily
text: pulled on whatevzar ras handiost. POTTER, overcoat over
text: pyjamas, occupics tho forefront.
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: eoeandg when She struck, that
text: ongel stertod marching. It
dialog: was a sight to bohold.
text: RANKIN and MARY emorge from the church. ‘They are instantly
text: surrounded.
dialog: 
dialog: ».
speaker_heading: 182 (Cont.) ig»
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: You sure pulled it off, Professor.
dialog: My het's off to you. .
speaker_heading: SECOND "iN
dialog: Congratulat ions,
speaker_heading: POMAN
dialog: Won't the Rector be dolightod?
speaker_heading: SECOND POM
dialog: Is it goin’ to chine avery hour...
dialog: 311 night. How's a porson to got
dialog: their slsap?
text: WARY ond RANKIN, CAictRe VIG TITY THtM, as they pass
text: the villagers, LUST, hoad high, rests her hand
text: lightir on her husher4's rra, Sho is smiling proudly
dialog: at Sh. townsmon «3 thor congretulate RIFTS. As thoy
text: pess boy:cd the Inst villagsr, without looking up at
dialog: him, sho specks:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (confiaontiz)}
dialog: We'll faeo taom, Charles, All
dialog: of thom.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PADE IN
dialog: 154..
text: A LONG TABLE AT ONE END OF THE RANKIN LIVING ROOM 4s piled high
speaker_heading: CAMERA PeLLs
text: with the eraphernalie for a toa party.
text: BACK to roLL ‘TOF ROOM; DAY. It 18 filled with flowors
text: and the autumn sun stabs foobly into the room. On another
dialog: table, glasses, ico bucket, Whiakoy docantcr and sho:
dialog: await those guosts with a stroncor tasto than tea. SARA,
text: cappod ané aproned, places the Inst plato of sandwiches and
text: cakos on the table ag MARY, woarine a tailored dross, a
dialog: sovere strand cf amber ahout hor nock, appears in the dror-.
text: way. Thore is a new risidity tc her tory and the carriage
dialog: of her heui. Har cyes swocp the reom an’ roack the windows.
dialog: t t ne
dialog: Go. tac curtains.
dialog: aa \shc etarts
dialog: Closin= them) .
dialog: I'vo told you I wanted thon
dialog: drawn. I 4-n't like the sunlin~ht
text: streaming in.
dialog: (tartly) .
dialog: In tho first place, there isn't
dialog: any sunlisht, t- call gunlimht.
dialog: ‘And, in the scernd plrice, it
dialog: wouldn't hurt 1¢ thoro was.
dialog: (fantshing
dialog: slnsin= them)
dialog: It's had for the curtains.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Mise Mary, that's rub’:iah and
dialog: you knew fr. Up at the thor
dialog: heuse, wo never drow a curtain in
dialog: cur lives.
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: That has nething to de with it.
dialog: gus is my house, and I want then
dialog: am.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (etartins cut) .
dialog: Suit y:urself. But it's cortainly
dialog: goine t+ look. slocmy for the party.
dialog: 
dialog: : 120 .
speaker_heading: 154 (Cont.) .
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: (a momentery panic
dialog: is in her eyex)
dialog: is it time for that already? ©
text: For answer, the door bell rings.
dialog: Saha
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: Seems aa if.
text: MARY, habit ard instinct reasserting itself, looks to see that
text: all is’in readiness, Then, calm and Poised, she moves towards
text: the ball to greet ter cuests, whose voices can already be
dialog: heard, :
dialog: iss,
scene_heading: INTERICR POTTER'S .PTERTOON
scene_heading: INSERT: 4 MEDICAL FRISCHITTION, The scrawled handwriting
text: ia illegible tut the printed letterhead of JEFFREY LAWRENCE,
scene_heading: M.D. HARPER, CONT,, is plain to read, CAMERA PULLS Back
text: as POTTER places ux large jim o? capsules on the prescription.
text: RANKIN faces him.
dialog: 
dialog: hot sleepin?
text: He begins countinz some out inte a amali box.
dialog: Vhatts tne witter,
speaker_heading: AANEI
dialog: Oh, they're not for me, irs.
dialog: Rankin hasn't heen Sleeping very weil.
speaker_heading: : POTTER
dialog: Don't approve of sleepin!’ pills.
dialog: Never have. ilan does & dey's work,
dialog: he'll get a night's sleep.
dialog: (across. the square,
text: the clock strikes the
scene_heading: Patter hour. POTTER
dialog: 3
dialog: Leastways,.,
dialog: (raising his voice)
dialog: Leastways, he could until that clock
text: started boncing every few minutes.
speaker_heading: (Re hands RANEIY
dialog: the little hox)
dialog: Tell Mary to watch herself with these
dialog: things, Thevtre dangerous.,.if you
dialog: take too many.
speaker_heading: RaNKIY
dialog: (pocketing the pills)
dialog: I'll renenber,
dialog: )
dialog: 156. :
scene_heading: INTERIOR RaNKIN LIVING Mou .PTERROON
dialog: : in.
dialog: 185 (Cont.) : a
speaker_heading: RaNKIN
text: (he atarts out. Then
dialog: remembers something...
dialog: stops)
dialog: Oh...Mrs. Rankin wanted some ice
dialog: eream. I think she ordered it,
speaker_heading: FOTTER
dialog: Already gone. .
text: (RANKIN looks at
dialog: him in surprise)
dialog: Mr. Tilson seid he way goint by
dialog: your house: so I gave it to him.
text: RaNKIN stiffens inwardly. Then, without a word, hurries out
text: of the store, FPOCTITN looks after aim in surprise.
dialog: 
text: The school masterz 9:4 their wives crowd the room, the
text: murmur of their voices ris‘.a above the tinkle of cups
text: on saucers. The fire is i4t acainst the cool autum
text: afternoon, WOAH™ 1s passin a plate of sandwiches,
text: MARY, outwardly the serene hostess, is liatening politely
text: to DR. EISE.°5, an elderly master while, simaltaneously,
text: straining to ovsrnear another corversation going on between
text: HAROLD, another master, and HRS. TINSDALL. DR. LaWRENCE,
text: tea cup in hand, stunds before the fireplace. He eyes .
text: MARY, anxiously. .
dialog: 
text: CaMERA moves in on 33, fToinLL and HAROLD, holding NARY
text: and HIBBARD in ber.
scene_heading: ERS. TINSDaLL
dialog: Were you able to see when ther
dialog: opened the grave, ir, Harold?
speaker_heading: (HAROLD nods)
dialog: Vas it too horrible?
speaker_heading: HaROLD
dialog: (sumgly)
dialog: Not the most pleasant sight.
text: CaMERA moves past them to MARY and HIBEARD, eatching the
text: latter in mid-sentence.
speaker_heading: HISB.RD
dialog: eeeand in order of their importance
dialog: I rank Oliver Wendell Holmes, Louis
dialog: Brandeis and your father.
speaker_heading: LaRY
dialog: (mechanically)
dialog: Father would be very flattered,
text: During this, she has overheard the continustion of
text: _ conversation between HAROLD and MRS, 'TINGD/iL.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 186 (Cont.} 122.°.
scene_heading: . “RSL TINSDALL
dialog: I'm absolutely terrified, I
dialog: wouldn't dreem of setting foot:
dialog: outside the house, unless Fred
dialog: were along. Who knows...he might
dialog: be anywhere...the mrderer, I mean... |
dialog: waiting for « new victim.
text: MaRY has heard as much of this conversation as she can stand.
speaker_heading: (to HIBBARD)
dialog: Forgive me, Dr. Hibbard. I mast
dialog: be a hostess,
text: She turns away acc, as sha dees so, faces the door. Her
text: eyes widen. Inveluntaril;, she gasps.
dialog: 157.
speaker_heading: THE DOOR‘AY
text: MARY sees “ILSON, packea:e in hand, pausing irresolute on the
dialog: threshold.
dialog: BaCK TO SCENE
text: Momentary panic 13 in 3.RY¥'S eyes u3 she stares et WILSON.
text: He comes forward easily.
speaker_heading: BILSON
dialog: (taking her hand)
dialog: I hope you haven't forgotten
dialog: you were kind enough to invite
dialog: me, Mrs. Rankin,
speaker_heading: WARY
text: (staring at him
dialog: .in @isbelier)
dialog: No...No of course not.
speaker_heading: BILSON
dialog: (holding it up)
dialog: ur. Potter asked me to deliver this.
dialog: (trying to put
dialog: her at her ease)
dialog: T hope it basntt melted.
text: Before MARY can ansver, Weal appears beside then.
dialog: Naag..”
dialog: I?ll take it, ur. \iiLaon. Sara's
dialog: waiting for it.
text: He exits towarda hallwey anc the kitchen beyond.
speaker_heading: ‘WILSON
dialog: Ah...there's Dr, Lawrence. I won't
dialog: detain you, tirs. Rankin.
dialog: A
speaker_heading: 158 (Cont.) ias.
text: Her eyes follow him as he crosses towards fireplace. Then,
text: determinedly, she cutches hold of herself and turns towards
text: the tes table. C.ciih. WOVES with her es she nears a large
text: chair in which old uRu,. u.WRENCE is seated, completely
text: surrounded by faculty members. One of them, MR. LUNDSTRUM ,
dialog: is boring her. ,
speaker_heading: LUNDSTRUW
dialog: oeemark my words, the first thing to
dialog: do is find who, in Harper, has ever
dialog: deen to South america. Then, by a
dialog: process of elimination....
scene_heading: MRS. LUWRENCE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Poppycock., I haven't read every
dialog: mystery story in the last twenty
dialog: years for nothing. The murder was
dialog: committed by a fiend..,who'll turn
dialog: out to be a highly respected member
dialog: of the commmity. He's too intelligent
dialog: to do away with residents of Harper...
dialog: or the linnediate vicinity. They'd be
dialog: missed immediately. With indiesnts
dialog: it's a different story, ‘While he picks
dialog: tramps and tie like, taat danger doesn't
dialog: exist.
dialog: (gestures towards window)
dialog: There may well be ten..,or a dozen...
text: graves out there in those woods.
speaker_heading: je TaD
dialog: (shuddering. prettily)
dialog: Good Heavens.
dialog: (enxious to change .
dialog: the topic) - :
dialog: Let me pet you somo more tea,
dialog: Gran Lawrence?-
scene_heading: ERS. LAvRENCE
dialog: (shaking her head,
dialog: plunges on)
dialog: It's as plain w.¢ the nose on your. face.
dialog: autopsy revcoled that the murder was
dialog: sommitted just three weeks, didn't it?
dialog: Pull moon, wasn't it? Butcher of
dialog: Nuremberg waa only sctive then, wasntt
dialog: he? and Jack the Ripper. And that
dialog: Frenchman...what's his name...Landru,
speaker_heading: ERS. WD
dialog: (unhappily) |
dialog: I wish you hadn't told us, Mrs. Lawrence.
dialog: wfter thiz I shail always be afraid to
dialog: go out in the moonlight. By myself,
dialog: i mean... .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 188 (Cont. 1) . 124,
text: HARY'S eves go to HILSON and LaVRENCE: She is ina panic to
text: know what is transpiringe between them.
speaker_heading: LUNDSTRUM
dialog: (gallantly)
dialog: It wags never intended that ladics...
dialog: especially pretty ones.,,should go
text: out in the moonlight by themselves.
dialog: (turning to her)
dialog: Don't you agrao:, Mra, Rankin?
speaker_heading: RY
dialog: (startled)
dialog: I beg your pardon, I wasn't listening.
text: (her eyes go back to .
speaker_heading: BILSON anc Lat:SuncE)
dialog: Exeuse me. :
text: She crossca to them. They breuk off their conversation.
speaker_heading: WRY
dialog: Jeff...can I set you some more
dialog: tea...or a drink?
speaker_heading: LSRENCE
dialog: Itm fine, thanks.
dialog: . (forcing herself)
dialog: ur... Wilson?
speaker_heading: WILSCv
dialog: Thane you. . TeaH promised...
dialog: ( Nou: onters, highball
dialog: flassa in nand)
dialog: He's kopt his promiss,
text: He takes the glass and raises it to his lips. The front
text: door slams, They turn towards the sound.
dialog: 159.
speaker_heading: DOOR T6 HLL
text: RANEIN enters hurricdly, stops short.
dialog: }82-prrertce
text: RaNEIN'S eyes search the room. Then he sees WILSON standing
text: with DR. LAORENCE ani Mui.
dialog: 161.
scene_heading: THE DOORT.Y
text: Completely himself, he comes forward, greeting his guests.
speaker_heading: R.NAIN
dialog: Good afternoon, Urs, Rand.
dialog: Howard, ow are your drinks?
dialog: i2s,
speaker_heading: an _ 162 (Cont.)
text: wos They smile and show their glasies. WARY enters to them,
dialog: 
dialog: Rake
dialog: Hello, darling.
speaker_heading: R..WKIN
dialog: {kissing her)
dialog: Sorry to be lat«.
speaker_heading: . MARY
dialog: {in response to the
dialog: pressure of his hand)
dialog: Exeus. us.
text: They move away a few faet, CiwiTh.. staying with them.
speaker_heading: RANZIN
dialog: ‘(in e@ low tone)
dialog: Whet's he doing here?
speaker_heading: LRT
dialog: We asked hir,,.that first night...
speaker_heading: RKTN
dialog: Unat's he after?
dialog: : (Z.R¥ shates hur head)
dialog: are You all right?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: {nodainr)
dialog: Of course. Quite,
dialog: 
text: They are interrupted by RuiDALL.
speaker_heading: RaNDaLL
dialog: .. (entering te thom)
dialog: Oh, Rankin,..I've beon mvuaning
dialog: to ask you...are you familiar with .
dialog: a French author, Joseph Dorat?
speaker_heading: RaNKEIK
dialog: Dorat? No...I think not,
speaker_heading: RaNDaLL
dialog: goseph Claude Dorat. I've just
dialog: discovered him. Vrote some very
text: amising light verse. With nica
dialog: Gallic cynicism. I'll lsnd hin
dialog: te you. :
speaker_heading: FOuKIN
dialog: : Splendid,
speaker_heading: ~~ TusNDaLL
dialog: XN Do you rend Fronch, ifrs. Rankin?
dialog: yw)
speaker_heading: 161 (Cont. 1)
speaker_heading: ( ) MARY
dialog: nodding
dialog: With difficuitz.
dialog: Pail..LL :
dialog: anything new about our great mystery?
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: t've heard nothing. .
speaker_heading: RatDaLL
dialog: Queer business, isn't it?
speaker_heading: RaiixIN
dialog: very.
speaker_heading: RANDLE
dialog: ‘hat would a south -merican... just
dialog: off a doat...d2 doin: up this way?
dialog: anawor that one and I think the
text: mystery is solved.
speaker_heading: P..NSTY
dialog: I'm afraid I cnn't...ans.or that one.
text: MRS, LAWRENCE'S voiec, sucdenl: raiaed, interrupts them.
scene_heading: | ons. LAWRENCE
dialog: Jeff...orine Er, wilson over here,
dialog: I want to speal: to him.
text: Obedientiy, BR. Lv RXNCI and TILSON move to her side.
speaker_heading: GP. LiRINCE —
dialog: Let mc prosent you to ry grandmother,
dialog: air, Yilson,
speaker_heading: VILSON
dialog: (ahaking hands)
dialog: How do you do, iirs. Lawrences?
scene_heading: MRs. LaLRENCE
dialog: RAcen wanting to sse you. Diyou
dialog: know you're thz mumber one suspect
dialog: in our mrder caso?
speaker_heading: WILSON -
dialog: oh.
speaker_heading: ERS. Gn TREWCE
dialog: So far, youtre the only suspect.
dialog: Potter put th finecr an you. Fe
dialog: thinks you cormitted the crime to
dialog: get possession of some priceless
dialog: antique.
dialog: 126, -
scene_heading: 162. WILSON 127.
dialog: — (laughing)
dialog: T was afrnid of that.
dialog: 
text: There is ceneral loughter ani then normal conversation
text: breaks out again. FL.NKI cones to WILSON'S side.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Let me gop you another drink, Wilson?
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Thank you.
text: Suddenly, the clock begins chiming five. The noise makes
text: conversation impossible. Everyone is forced to raise their
text: votcus anc start shouting to make themselves heard. MRS.
text: LaMRENCE'S risus above them.
speaker_heading: Wis. LavvancE
dialog: Charles Rankin...I wish you'd left
dialog: that clock alone, Harper was a nice
text: qaiet place until it began banging.
text: MARY moves away, Ci staying with her. Standing alone,
text: ‘she clasps her hands oo thot tic kimeklos show white. She
text: stands thus for a lone moment untii she hag reguined her
text: a composure. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 
dialog: 163. .
scene_heading: INTERIOR BALLTAY LATE PERO
text: MARY, RONEIN at her clbow, atands in the doorway, speeding
text: the last cuest.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes..,lovely...Friday night.
text: She closes the door and turns, hari and eomposecd. as she
text: faces RANKIN, their cyrs meet and hold. She smiles at him
text: triumphantly. (cr hand goes to her thront and she runs one
text: finger around the inside of the necklace as though it were
text: suddenly too tight for her. Then she raises both hands and
text: attempts to unfasten it. The catch sticks. She jerks at it.
text: It still sticks.
speaker_heading: : RaNily
dialog: Here...let mc help you.
text: He takes a ster towards hur and stops as she suddenly breaks
text: into a wild sobbing. S23. enters ag MaRY, with a harried
text: gesture, tears at the atrand with toth hands, snapping the
text: thread. The bvade seatter and rell acress the floor,
dialog: ~~ unnoticed. By this breas in her control, usRY h.s signed her
text: NX death warrant, R.NKIN no longer has tine for delay. He puts
text: ° a comforting arm around her shoulder and starts leading her
text: upstairs, 3.7.. watches them, unhappily.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: »»
dialog: : aes,
dialog: 164. :
scene_heading: INTERIOR JUDGE LONGSTREET'S STUDY NIGHT
scene_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET, -NoaH./, DF
dialog: 2
dialog: with WILSON, to whom S..Ri. 1
dialog: on hor.
text: L.WRENCE and SaR. are present
text: speaking. 411 eyes are fixed
dialog: 
dialog: Sika
dialog: She St stood there...pulling
text: at the necklace as though...as
dialog: theugh....
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: #s ‘though it were a noose about
text: her throat.
dialog: (for the first time
dialog: there ic a note of
dialog: trinzph in bis voiec)
dialog: Go on.
dialog: It broke...ind the beads scattered
dialog: all over th: floor.
dialog: (she pauses...
dialog: then with venom)
text: Ge took her up stairs. She was .
dialog: crying like her hourt would break.
dialog: “Never said a word. I wont up to seo
dialog: What I could do, but he wouldn't oven
dialog: lot me in the room. Said they weren't
text: to be disturbed. But she was still
dialog: erying when I cane out.
speaker_heading: GLA RENCE
dialog: (coming to his
dialog: feet suddenly) :
dialog: You can't let this wo on, Wilson
dialog: Have him arrested. ‘hhat more do
dialog: you necd? .
speaker_heading: JUDGS LONGSTREET
dialog: (quiotly)
dialog: We've been 21] over this. de needs
dialog: hor acknewlcdgenent of the truth.
dialog: Until then, nothing.
dialog: {he pauses)
dialog: i'm nat onjoying this any moze than
text: the reat of vou. But itty nexrly over.
dialog: (he hesitates. Then:)
dialog: The patternts se slear, The dram
dialog: curtains...to shut out the light of
dialog: truth, Rofvsing te so anywhere,...the
dialog: admission of hur own complicity. dnd
dialog: now,..the break. .
dialog: es.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 164 (Cont.)
speaker_heading: . "IILSON
dialog: The floodseatss bnve opened. der
text: subconscious has almost won, .
dialog: (pause)
dialog: From now om, wo omst know every
dialog: move Hrs, Rankin mkes. She's
dialog: mever to leave the house, unless
dialog: I know where she's going. If, for
dialog: any reason, I can't be reached...
dialog: she's to be dotained...no matter
dialog: on what protext.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: You understand, Sara?
dialog: (grimy)
dialog: Don't worry. She won't get by me.
speaker_heading: JUDGE LONGSTREET
dialog: (his voice tortured)
dialog: hen she snapped those beads, she
dialog: signed her ceath warrant. ‘ic'tre
dialog: earrying her lif: in our hands.
dialog: Every time she walks on a slippery
dialog: \ sidewolk...ds near anything that can
dialog: } fall....drives an automobile...
dialog: anything that could result in
dialog: aceidental dcath,..her life is
dialog: in danger.
speaker_heading: LiTRENCE
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Great heavens!
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Yos?
speaker_heading: Lal: PENCE
dialog: 
dialog: I gave Renkin a prescription for
dialog: sleoping pills...yesterday...
dialog: before I know...an overdose of them...
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: You've no cause to worry, Dr. Lawrence.
dialog: You guve Rankin the prescription.
dialog: He'd never Gare use it. It wouldn't
dialog: have the required quality of accident.
text: In tha distance, thc clock sturts to strike ten.
scene_heading: ~~ DISSOLVE To
text: ~ oS CLOSE SHOT...Glus3 of milk, steam rising from it, on a small
text: silver tray. The chimes continue. CaMER. PULLS BaCZ to
speaker_heading: WIDER ach. :
dialog: . . 180,
speaker_heading: 165 (Cont.)
text: The tray is on 4 small table in RANKIN'S room. He stands
text: at the medicine cabinet in the bathroom beyond. In the
text: distance tho clock finishes chiming.
dialog: 
text: RaNKIN tekos @ small bottle out and comes forward to the
text: table. He opens the bottle. He shakes eight or ten of
text: the pellets into his hands, Thinks a minute. Restores -
dialog: all the pollets to the bottle, save one. ‘That he drops into
text: the milk. Then, tray in hand, exita into adjoining room.
dialog: 166.
scene_heading: INTERIOR SPaRE BEDROOM NIGHT
text: The lights are on, the windows completely covered by drawn
dialog: curtaina, The bed hos been occupied and the covers are
text: thrown back. MARY, in negligee, walks back and forth across
text: the reom. Her eyes are aleepluss. She turns to face R4&NKIN,
speaker_heading: RAKIN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: It's time you were asleep,
text: Obediently, she geta into bed.
speaker_heading: RIWEIN (Cont'd)
dialog: (seating himsc1f
dialog: beside hor)
dialog: ~ : Drink this, my darling.
text: a (she ‘obediently
dialog: starts sipping it)
dialog: You'll slcep now,
dialog: (ne swdles at ber)
text: T put a sleeping pill in it.
speaker_heading: SRY
dialog: I don't want any medicine. I'm
dialog: all right, Charles. Really, I am.
speaker_heading: RiNKIN
dialog: and I don't want you lying awake.
dialog: I like having a beautiful wife.
text: She contimes to drink the hot milk in silence. Then:
speaker_heading: FaNEIN
text: Lf (taking the empty glass
text: from her hand and turning
dialog: off the lirkt)
dialog: Sleep, my darling.
speaker_heading: MSEY
dialog: (sottling down....
dialog: drowsily)
dialog: > . Good night, Charles.
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: Good night, Mary.
dialog: ,»).
dialog: Nae
dialog: ‘y
dialog: 166 (Cont,) "132
text: Her eyes close. He stands watching her in silence by the
text: half light coming through the door to his reom. Her
text: breathing becomes heavicr. She is asleep. He looks around
text: him. Then crosses to the window, pulls back the curtains
text: quietly, raises the shade a few inches, and opens the window.
text: Again he looks down at her, then quietly goes inte his own
text: room, closing the door behind him.
dialog: 167.
scene_heading: INTERIOR RANXIN'S ROOM NIGHT
text: He hastily starts dressing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 168. :
scene_heading: EXTERIOR CHURCH NIGHT
text: RANKIN slips from the descrted street into the dark which is
text: the doorway of the Church.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE be)
dialog: 69. . - os
scene_heading: INTERIOR BELFRY NIGHT
text: a thin wedge of moonlight stabs down from above onto the
text: foot of the ladder, F.sEIT asc.nds into scene. Hs stands
text: - boside the ladder and bis hand touches 1t once. Then he
text: climbs halfway up and, hanging to the ladder. takes a
text: fleshlight from his pocket, bogins a meticulous
text: examination of the dowels that connect the rungs to the
text: uprights. above, the clock begins chiming midnight.
scene_heading: Bien TOR WILSON'S ROOM NIGHT
text: WILSON, in pyjamas and dressing gown stands at the window,
text: smoking his pipe. The striking of tho hour continues,
dialog: 172.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR TOWN SQURE NIGHT
text: Through the window, WILSON sees the clock, the angel making
text: his march 2.3 th. hour chimes.
dialog: 172. -
scene_heading: INTERIOR MARY'S BEDROOM NIGHT
text: The chiming of the clock has not ceased,
text: MARY lies perfectly still, her breathing rogular and
text: undisturbed. Her brrc arms rest on the outside of the
text: coverict. Slowly she bringen her hands together and dry
dialog: washes thom in the imomecmori:l gceture of blood guilt.
text: Now har subconscious is in control and thus she -
text: acknowledges her complicity in the crimes of Walther Kuhn.
speaker_heading: FaDE OUT
dialog: )
dialog: m. : , 132,
dialog: ™
scene_heading: -™. PADE IN
dialog: 173. .
scene_heading: INTERIOR CLASS ROOM NEAT Daz
scene_heading: INSERT: TIMETASLE ON RANKIN's Des=. It reads:
scene_heading: s 3:25 PEGNE MeRY
speaker_heading: 3:30 HOBSCR
scene_heading: 3:45 FACULTY ROOM
text: 4:00 LEAVE SCHOOL
text: RANKIN'S HAND adds the last entry.
speaker_heading: 4:05 HOME
text: OVER SCENE, there 12 unund of footsteps and beys! voices
text: as the class assembles, CaNZRA PULLS BACK TO FULL SHOT as
text: RANKIN, rising from his desk, slipa the paper into his
text: pocket and faces the class, The wall clock indicates half
text: past two. FANKIN'S manner is relaxed. All strain has
dialog: fallen from him, -
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Good afternoon, ccntlemen.
dialog: Today we will attempt to finish
dialog: with the career of Frederick,
dialog: : . the Great.
dialog: = (he smiles)
dialog: 4 | The monarch with the handy poison. —
dialog: vial. After his conquest of Silesia,
dialog: the position of Prussia in central
dialog: Europe wes greatly enhanced...
text: As he continues with his lecture:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: ‘4.
scene_heading: INTERIOR HALLWAY OUTSIDE CLAas ROON3 DAY
text: Through the class door of the telephone booth in which
text: RANKIN sits, he can see the boys streaming out of the
text: building, A wall clock shows it now lacks two mimtes of
text: half past three. RANKIN, hearing an answer, speaks
text: urgently into the telephone,
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Wary... Something very important
dialog: . hes just occurred, I want you to
dialog: . come to the clock tower,..immedistely.
dialog: Tell no one where you're going.
dialog: not to let smyone.see you enter the
dialog: church, You can perk in the rear-and
text: come in through the back door.
dialog: a (he pauses)
dialog: ‘ That's right, darling. Hurry.
text: He hangs up and pulls open the door to the booth.
dialog: 
dialog: 175.
dialog: 133,
scene_heading: INTERIOR HALLUAY
text: CAMERA PaNS ON RANKIN as he crosses the hall and enters a
text: door lettered 'DR. TOBSON'.
scene_heading: 176.INTERIOR HOBSON'S OPFICE
speaker_heading: HOBSON
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: Come in, Rankin.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Good afternoon, sir.
speaker_heading: HOBSON
dialog: Right on time'I see.
text: (he gestures to chair
dialog: opposite hiu, RANKIN
dialog: sits)
dialog: Now...what's on your mind?
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: I would like to suvgest a few
dialog: changes in the Spring curriculum. |
text: HOBSON leans back in his chair to listen.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO |
speaker_heading: RANKIN (Conta)
dialog: It strikes mé that the capacity of
dialog: the students of the Third Form has
dialog: been somewhat underrated, varticularly
dialog: as regards literature..-history...
dialog: 177.
scene_heading: INTERIOR RANKIN HOME HALLWAY
text: MARY, netted and gloved, is coming down the stairs.
text: SARA sppears et the living room deer, broom in hand.
dialog: aka
dialog: Goin' some place?
speaker_heading: (HARY nods)
dialog: Yihere to?
speaker_heading: UaPryY pretends not
dialog: to hear the question.
dialog: Starts on)
dialog: i asked you where you were
dialog: goin', Misa wary.
dialog: (stops)
dialog: I heard.
dialog: “ell?
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: 177 (Cont.)
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: sara, you seem to forget, I'm
dialog: not a child any longer but a
dialog: married toman.
speaker_heading: JAR
dialog: You ain't been married very long...
text: (MARY glances at her,
text: surprised. Then cecides
dialog: to ignore SARA's behavior
dialog: and starts on)
dialog: Wait, irs. Rankin.
speaker_heading: . MaRY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: What is it, wera, I'm in a hurry.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (aggrieved)
dialog: Well, you don't need to go bitint
dialog: wy head off,
speaker_heading: - MARY
dialog: If you wish to say something, say it.
dialog: . ahh
dialog: (helplessly)
dialog: I don't know what's mot into you
dialog: diately, Kiss iiary, indeed I don't.
dialog: “You was never menn to me like this,
text: back at the old house,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (resignedly)
dialog: Oh, Sara.
speaker_heading: SAPA
dialog: (raises the corner
dialog: of her apron and
dialog: dabs ut her eyes)
dialog: Laybe Itve sutworn my usefulness,
dialog: I know I ain't as young as I used
dialog: to be. Maybe you don't want me
dialog: around anymore.
speaker_heading: BARY
dialog: In heaven's name, Sara, stop
dialog: talking such nonsemne.
speaker_heading: SAPA
dialog: It's tre, and you know it. Itli
dialog: pack my thines and be off. :
speaker_heading: . aARY
dialog: I didn't mean to hurt your feelings,
dialog: Sara. I'm sorry if I was mde to you,
dialog: Why, I wouldn't know what to do without
dialog: you, Sara.
speaker_heading: 187 (Cont.)
dialog: , . Saka
dialog: . (throigh her tears)
dialog: . Honest, Jigs Mary?
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: (crossing her heart)
dialog: Honest to Roodness., You shan't
dialog: ever leave ma, Sara,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: The way I fal about you, lie
dialog: You was my own daughter,
text: MARY huge her, Risses her on the cheek,
speaker_heading: WARY
dialog: Sara, I must eo! I promised to
dialog: be somewhere.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: “here, Miss aarr?
dialog: why"
dialog: Stop fussine, wtPa,
dialog: (erdling}
dialog: Ya It's a ceereat,
speaker_heading: gazex DIs3OLVE To
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INTERIOR FACULTY ROO
text: The teaching starr is Wirtously occupied. Some are
text: correcting papers, some are writing letters,
text: in a corner, sit at a Gard table. They are waiting for
dialog: their fourth,
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: (calling to RaNKIN)
dialog: Would you care to sit in, Rankin,
dialog: until our fourth shows up?
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: What time is it?
text: HAROLD wlances at his watch.
speaker_heading: ALROLE
dialog: Three fortr-five,
speaker_heading: ona . Ra RIN
dialog: ‘ (Joinin> them)
dialog: aaa . Yell...one rubber,
speaker_heading: QUICK UIssoLvE to
dialog: ene
dialog: 
dialog: 136,
dialog: 17s.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR RANKIN HOUSE
text: MARY is getting into the car, Suddenly there is a cry from
text: Within the house. WARY turns and runs across the lawn.
dialog: 180.
scene_heading: INTERIOR HALL‘ AY
text: SARA is on her knees, one hand over her heart. MARY rushes
dialog: Ne
speaker_heading: WARY
dialog: Vhat's the matter, Sara?
speaker_heading: ( SaRa
dialog: gasping)
dialog: uy heart...
text: HaRY runs toward tiv kitchen, ssa contimes to gasp until
text: MARY reappears with « class of water, She puts it to
text: SARA'S lips, aaRa awallows a little, then gasps agonizingly.
speaker_heading: SaRa
dialog: I can't broethe,..the pain...
dialog: - OH...
text: MARY runs into the other Toon, frets a pillow.
speaker_heading: HaRy
dialog: Lie flat. Dontr stir,
dialog: SaRi. obeys, ,
speaker_heading: SaRA
dialog: Don't leave me, Migs wary.
dialog: Maybe Itm dying.
dialog: Yo...I won't leave you,
text: She runs to telephones, picks it up.
speaker_heading: MARY (Cont'd)
dialog: One three Oo, Please...Hello..,
dialog: This is uarv,-Jef?, Sara is having
dialog: wu Reart attack, {411 you come right
dialog: out?
dialog: (pause
dialog: ‘hat should I do in the Meantime?...
scene_heading: ali rivhi, Jefe... sRUCTY. oe
dialog: . (she hanes up...comes
text: back..kneels beside Sain)
dialog: Doctor Lawrence ig coming right out,
dialog: Sara. He said for you Just to lie
text: quietly.
speaker_heading: 180 (Cont.) 137.
dialog: Saka :
dialog: (a hand on
dialog: . HAvY's arm)
dialog: You won't leave me, will you?
speaker_heading: MRY
dialog: Ne, sara, 1 wontt lsave you,
dialog: (ahe geta up and
dialog: &0es back to the
dialog: telephone)
dialog: Pour one eight...Noah there, —
dialog: Eate?.. May I speak. to him, please?
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Hello, Noah....I tas supposed to
text: meet Charles in the clock tower but
dialog: I'm dvlayed., 412 you go there and
dialog: tell hin sonnet tine has happened and
dialog: that Toean't come richt avay., Tell
dialog: him to wait...anc,; uh. . nobody's
dialog: to knew. Uonft let on where you're
dialog: going or why...Therets a THAION. coe
dialog: 181 Thank you, Reah,
scene_heading: INTERIOR Junar LONGSTREET'S S.UDY Day .
text: NOAA hangs up the telephone und turns to face his father.
text: o~ They look at each other for a moment. Then JUDGE
text: s . LONGSTREE? nods. o.g instantly picks up the Phone again.
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (into telephone)
dialog: tne four six, vlease.
dialog: (he pouses)
dialog: Ia ur, Wilson there?
dialog: (another pause)
dialog: This is Noah, ir. viison. Mary
dialog: Just phoned and..,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To
dialog: 182.
scene_heading: INTERIOR FACULTY ROOM Diy
text: RANKIN, at the bridge table, 13 finishing the Playing of a
text: Rand, DR. HIBBARD, at his elbow, is avaitine the end of
dialog: the game, :
speaker_heading: aNXIK
dialog: (folding the cards)
dialog: It's your place, Doctor.
text: (he rises, nodding
dialog: to th: others)
dialog: Thanks for the game.
text: 43 HIBGARD sits down, he turns and saunters out of the room.
dialog: 183. 138.
text: EXTERIOR SCHOOL BUILDING DnY .
text: RANKIN comes cut and pauses at the top of the steps,
text: He produces a ciparette and flicks his lighter into flame.
text: Then lights his cigurette as, with the other hand, he pulis
text: his time table from hin pocket, He puts the still flaming
text: lighter to it and watches it burn. Then crumples the remains
text: to ashes in bis hand and allows the wind to claim them. He
text: begins Whistling as he strolls leisurely down the steps and
dialog: starts for home,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 46
scene_heading: INTERIOR HALLWAY RANKIN HOUSE
text: As RANKIN, still whistling, entors, He closes the door,
dialog: 
dialog: then calls.
speaker_heading: RaliKIN -
dialog: Mary! :
text: There's no answer. But arter a moment he hears footsteps
text: Coming from the kitchen wine. The door to the rear part,
text: of the house opens ani SRY and DP, L.AvRENCE appear,
text: i No stends still, Omezement on hig face, Upon seeing
text: im, MARY also stope. Di, i ‘ENCE nods.
dialog: 
dialog: * What...
dialog: {over her
dialog: domediate surprise)
dialog: Sara's 411,
speaker_heading: RaNKIN
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Oh,
speaker_heading: LavRENCE
text: There doesn't seem to be anything
dialog: really ‘wrong with her heart. Keep
dialog: her in bed for a day or so and then
dialog: have her come down to my office and
dialog: T'll give her a thorough going-over,.
dialog: all right, Jerr,
speaker_heading: , LAWRENCE
dialog: (in spite of
dialog: himself, stiffly)
dialog: ~~ How are you, Rankin?
speaker_heading: ~~ RANKIN
dialog: (forcing a smile)
dialog: Well....thank you.
dialog: 184. (Cont.) . 139
text: DR. LAURANCE exits, As the doer closes behing him, the two
dialog: turn to face each other, :
dialog: 
dialog: 3 r
dialog: ’ I was getting into the car when
dialog: Sara had thin attac + Waturally
dialog: = couldn't lesve her,
speaker_heading: TANRIN
dialog: Naturally.
text: Re turns abruptly and exits into living reom. 3he looks
text: after hin, puzzled at his attitude, Then follows him,
scene_heading: INTERIOR LIVING RooM
text: RANKIN is windin- tho prandfatherts clock. MARY stands in
dialog: oo rway watching hizx, Finally;
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: {coming forward)
dialog: What's the mattur, Charles?
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: There's nothing: the matter,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: za
dialog: Then why...
dialog: Be quiet!
dialog: (then, catching himself)
dialog: I'm sorry, ‘This strain we've been
dialog: under is beginning to tell on me,
dialog: (she raises hor ayes to
text: Ris. es smiles, trying
dialog: for the old charm) *
dialog: You sce, I have my weak moments too,
speaker_heading: MaRY
dialog: Why did you want to see me? It wag
dialog: Something important, you said,
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Why? thy? It seemed important at
dialog: the moment. It wasn't, actually,
dialog: (no's playing for
dialog: time and inspiration)
dialog: aly sense of proportion fails me these
dialog: days. Little things tule on monstrous
dialog: shapes,
text: ox. {he touches his forehead)
dialog: - : Ry head aches,
speaker_heading: 185 (Cont.) ‘ 140.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Tell mc what it was,
speaker_heading: : RANKIN
dialog: (anger rising in
dialog: spits of himself)
dialog: I'll tell you in wy own good time,
dialog: (tonelessly)
dialog: Have they found out anything more?
speaker_heading: RANXIN
dialog: There's nothing for them to find out.
dialog: Unless you...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I've ssen no one all day. I stayed
dialog: in my room.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (his self-control
dialog: Postored)
dialog: arrest is to he madu,
dialog: (mmbe hiz right temple
dialog: PZ with the heel of his hand)
dialog: XQ . Sy heed...it was only a rumor...but I
dialog: - Decame afraid, The incident of the
dialog: _ beads, Yeaterday, made m: doubt your
dialog: streneth, 1 t: ought pethans you had
dialog: seen your father aguin...made an
dialog: admission. In that event, my hours
dialog: Were numbered. I wanted to be alone
dialog: with you for a little while. vow that
dialog: the. clock is running, I thought no ont
dialog: would think to lool for me in the tower.
dialog: after I md timn to think, I knew that
dialog: the danzer way e11 in my imagination,
dialog: » I cane home.
dialog: Therc's a rumor roing around thet an
dialog: x
dialog: 1s You need not hnve beon afraid.
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: - INTERIOF BELFRY AFTERMOOg .
text: Treading softly, WII-so# followed by NOAH, JULGE LONGSTREET
text: and DR. LAWRENCE mount the atairs and enter the velfry.
text: Without spealing, they look at tach other. Above them, the
text: clock bogins atrikine. The bolfry vibrates, NOAH starts
text: across to ladder. Below it, the emptiness yawns awesomely,
text: His foot touches thc first rung. WILSON'S hand on his arm
text: a stops hin, NOAH steps aside. ‘WILSON takes his place. Re
text: , mounts the first rung,
dialog: ~— 187,
scene_heading: WILSOR' 3 PEM? OM M7, LabbER
dialog: The left one risce to the secund vung. The right one is
dialog: lifted to fotn it, The left one rises te the third, The
dialog: »
dialog: 187 (Cont.) : 142,
dialog: right one joins if, The left one rises to the fourth. The
text: right one is lirtcd from tho third rung. Thus, NIL3ON' S
text: Weight is now on th. fourth. Sefore the right foot can reach
text: it, there 1s the sound of crashing wood and WILSON'S FEET —
text: @rop below CAMERA Tangs as CAMERA jerks baci: to show him,
text: hanging by his right hand from a higher rung. In his lefe
text: he Rolds & section of the left Upright with two Tungs attached
dialog: it. . .
text: The others al1 rush to Support him and help him down. As he
text: regains the safety of the belfry floor, the clock ceases
text: striking. only the loud breathing of the men is heard,
speaker_heading: NOAH
dialog: (oreaking the 3ilence)
dialog: Golly!
speaker_heading: - VILSON
dialog: (examining the wood
dialog: in his hend)
dialog: He really had the wing Up. You can
dialog: atill smell the wiue whore he Joined it.
text: Lu Without further edo, they all turn and start dom again,
dialog: 88 . .
scene_heading: INTERIOR RANKIN LIVING moun ba -
text: RANKIN, morosc, stends by th. window looking out towards the
dialog: woods. Now that niz plan for doing away with MARY hes
text: failed, a now plan mist Se evolved. She sits upright on the
text: couch, staring into sracr. Suddenly she speaks,
dialog: ny
dialog: What did you tcll Noah?
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: About what? :
speaker_heading: Qlooki. cklz)
dialog: 00) up quickly
dialog: Didn't you gee hin?
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: (net Knowing what
dialog: she 1s talking about)
dialog: Why should I?
dialog: Did vou come directly from the emirch?
speaker_heading: RAD
dialog: (turning to hor)
dialog: 4m I being crass examined?
dialog: ))
speaker_heading: 188 (Cont.)
dialog: 142,
speaker_heading: MARY :
dialog: When I found I couldn't leave Sara,
dialog: I phoned Noah...told hin to to
dialog: you...tel] you I was detained.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: I séid you were to tell no one.
dialog: But surely Noah...
speaker_heading: Rad
dialog: (imperiously)
dialog: Call hin and tell him not to go.
dialog: .
dialog: e's gone long sines. I talked
dialog: to him half an hour azo.
speaker_heading: RANZIN
dialog: (suddenly shouting)
dialog: Gall him, I ca: 1
dialog: {all control gone)
dialog: If he dies, htz blood is on your
dialog: hands...not mine, . .
speaker_heading: saRy
dialog: (coming to her fvet)
dialog: Charles...what ars you saying...
speaker_heading: PANKIN
dialog: (ranting)
dialog: It's your meddling that's caused all
dialog: this. If it nadnit been for you I'd
dialog: have been safe. Nothing could have
dialog: touched me, Nothing. But you had to
dialog: be horc...that day.. hanging your stupid
dialog: curtaina... You had to call Nosh...
dialog: (sharply} ,
dialog: Charles...nave you kilied Noah!
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: If he went to the clock tower...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How could Ged have been so cruel?
dialog: Why wasntt if Tr rt wasn't intended
dialog: for hin,
dialog: (facing hin)
dialog: It was I you Planned to kill, And God
dialog: shouldn't have allowed it to be otherwise..
dialog: - Walther Kuhn,
dialog: ‘)
dialog: 143,
text: &t the montion of his name, all oxpression Loaves .
text: ‘3 fact. His uyus arc dull, kis mouth hanging
dialog: slightly open, :
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Kill me, Walthor Zuhn. I Want it.
dialog: I couldn't face life again with
dialog: the knowledge of what I'ge been to
dialog: ‘you...Whet I'v. done to Noah. Only
dialog: aon't put your hands on mo when you
dialog: kill me. Hore...use this...
text: Sk: picks up o pokor and holds it out to him, He
text: starts towurds her, arms hanging loose at his sidos.
text: Hc raises onc hand to tcke tho poker from her. OVER
text: ’ SCENE thore is tho sound of a car approaching.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR RANKIN HOUSE Dix
text: Judge Longstrect drives his big scdan towards the
text: houso at high syccd. In it arc Wilson, Dr. Lawrence
text: and Neah., ‘The ecr skids to a stop in front of the
dialog: house. Tho four mon hurry from it, They mount the-
text: steps to the front door. "Thy Judge's hand presses tho
text: door bell, dnsistently, There’ is no answer, filson's
text: hand trics the imob. It deosn't turn. Suddenly he
text: throws his full Weight against the deocr. It flies open,
text: Ho rushes in, still carrying his fragment of ladder...
text: the othcrs at his heols.
scene_heading: INTERIOR RaNKIN LIVING ROOM .4PTERNOON
text: Mery stands motionless, facing the doors leading to the
dialog: rear terraco, They stand Open, @ cold wind blowing the
text: curtains inte tho room, The poker lies on the floor at
text: her foot. Rankin is gone. The group standg in the
text: doorway a second. Slowly, Mary turns to face it. Her
text: eyes widen inercdulously as she sees Noah.
speaker_heading: YARY
dialog: (a sudden shrick)
speaker_heading: NOH!
dialog: yy
dialog: )
text: Mary's cyzs go blank; sho
dialog: faints but we sec tho moment
dialog: from her
dialog: viowpoint -
scene_heading: TMPRISSIONISTIC WONTW.GE *
text: In Mary's cycs, the room tilts
text: cragily...Noah catapults
dialog: towards the C:.2E%., his free
dialog: filling tho sercon...
text: Suporimposed over this is the
text: strong, black silhouctte of a
text: high Isddcr. Thiz falls with
dialog: Nooh and stops with hin: just
text: ahcad of his frou, He grasps
dialog: 4& Pung of She laddir, It
text: breaxs and Noah falls out 2f
text: sconc. CuMER. tilts to follow
dialog: his bands...Thoy clutch first
text: at eno rung then bid another...
text: Tung after rung shatters
dialog: under his woight - - fincliy
dialog: a vung holds *- Th. lest,
text: Beneath it th: two shufts.of
text: the laddcr stretch dow into
dialog: Space like « prir of cosmic
dialog: stilts, &cd, th. dog, is at
dialog: the base of this lunatic -
text: machine (s.cn very distantly
dialog: because Mary's dclirious eye
dialog: is viewing this scons from a
text: great hoight). Ho howls
text: furtously and clava at the
dialog: foot of the sheft...His
text: baying echoes and ncrecs
dialog: strangely with tne msic.
text: Nosh, clinging to the last
dialog: Pung looks as {f he were
dialog: treed, But nov - C.uER.
text: closcs in on him and shows
dialog: US suddenly that it is not
dialog: Nonh aftcur 211{ It is Rankin...
dialog: 144
text: above the quoor misic
dialog: accompanying tho montage,
dialog: we hear, on the track, the
dialog: followinz dialoguc: It is,
dialog: quite realistically, what
text: Secs on in the Rankin
dialog: living room from tho momont
dialog: Mary faints --
speaker_heading: NOuH'S VOICE
dialog: "Mary! Mary,"
speaker_heading: NGE'S VOICE
dialog: “Make her comfortablc.’
speaker_heading: -WILSON'S VOICE
dialog: (somewhat off = ve.
dialog: angrily and with it tho
text: sound of a tclophene
text: Teccivor being jiggled
dialog: noisily)
dialog: "Operator! Operatort!"
scene_heading: LiWRENCETS-VOICE
dialog: "Sho'll come out of it.
dialog: Den't worry,"
dialog: (tho jiggling noise of
dialog: the reeeivcr heok
dialog: continucs throughout)
speaker_heading: WILSON'S VOICE’
dialog: "Operator = Get me tho
dialog: State policc.”
speaker_heading: NOwH'S VOICE
dialog: "But what about Rankin?
dialog: Ho's got awayi" .
speaker_heading: FILSON'S VOICE
dialog: "He won't get far 7"
speaker_heading: JUDGE'S VOICE.
dialog: (still anxious)
dialog: "Got your sister somo
dialog: water, Noah, on the
dialog: doublat"
speaker_heading: LuGREWCE'S VOICE
dialog: (soothingly)
dialog: "It's quite all right,
dialog: Judge Longstreot."
speaker_heading: WILSON'S VOICE
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: "Yos, eperator| Tho State
dialog: policc.
scene_heading: ( Pee PENCE'S VOICE, }
dialog: continuing undor Viilson's
dialog: "Yic'll get ker to bed and
dialog: sho'll be fino in the
dialog: morning. You necd have
dialog: no fcor."
dialog: y)
dialog: ()
dialog: 145.
text: On th: scereon, Rankin looking stendily into the lens;
text: spcaks now (at this point the PFealistic sequence of
text: dialo ds finished - - we arc totally within Mary's
dialog: delirious dream.) :
speaker_heading: RaNKIN
text: (quictly > > repeating Lawrenco's words
dialog: which wero also his own from onrlier in
dialog: tho story)’
dialog: "You necd have no fear”,
text: (he igs still clinging perilously te the
dialog: 29t Pung of the ladder)
dialog: "You won't fall",
text: CLMERa moves in on Rankints face = - closcr and closer -
text: - until only one of his oyes fills the seroen, .
dialog: monstrously....
speaker_heading: RaNKIN'S VOICE
dialog: "Foiling to spcck...you became
dialog: part of the crims... Yus, I did it...
dialog: with theso hands. Tho samo hands that
dialog: thave bold you closc to mc...The hands
dialog: stand for progresa, which would not
dialog: occur by fits and starts but according
dialog: to the laws of harmonic motion".
dialog: (By this time Renkin's cye ds so Large that only the
text: Pupil remains, filling the screon and at these last
dialog: words the eye chenges Queorly inte the facc of tho
text: speck. mao music is horvy with the rhythmic grinding
dialog: of tho works -
text: The shadow of the tron demon fails over the seroen and
dialog: now wo commenec to hear distinctly and strangely the -
dialog: tolling of tho clock.)
speaker_heading: RiNKIN'3 VOICE
dialog: (through this)
dialog: "My first impression of Harpor ms
text: the incongruity of a Gothic clock
dialog: in a Conncoticut church tower..."
dialog: (Here comes tho trensition from Hary's dream to
dialog: actuality, Tho msic of the montag. stopa sharply
dialog: and wo Cut To thy colling of Wary's bedroom. Ranikin's
dialog: voice continucs,)
speaker_heading: RNEIN'S VOICE
dialog: " 2 = I have beon indulging an.
dialog: old fascinetion...* .
dialog: 
dialog: ()
dialog: 146,
scene_heading: INTERIOR MARY'S BEDROOM WIGHT
text: The CAMERL, onglod on the cciling, shows a mcabre
text: pattern of moonlight. The grimacing domon is really
text: the twisted shadow of a tree outside the window,
speaker_heading: RANEIN'S VOICE
dialog: "It's beautiful that WY ec eoe
dialog: Beautiful...." .
text: Tho C.ifERu moves down off the celling showing tho
text: curtains of the bedroom blowing in the night breeze,
text: and then, Yary's fevorish fuoc whieh fills tho screen
text: in the foreground. zor eycs arc opencd. This is the
dialog: same moment in which we discoverod hor in tho intreduct=
text: ion ef the picture. She is counting the hour as the
text: clock tells it und she wincus at the sound. It is as
text: vivid a remindor of Rankin as his own voice would be.
text: Very softly now, under the real Sound of the distant
text: Glock, bis voice goos on and lary, listcning to it,
text: is taken back to their firat day togothor at the brook. .
dialog: eoe(Music suggests this weirdly)....
speaker_heading: B.NEIN'S VOICE
dialog: ",.It 1s my favorito walk...
dialog: through the woods...o2ver the
dialog: Tittle bvrook...and through tho
dialog: cometory...."
text: The clock couscs chining. But, 1t has served its
text: Purposo. Mam knows whero Rankin is. Sho rises,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To
scene_heading: EXTERIOR LONGSTREST HulT NIGHT (as before, in tho
dialog: ° : opening of the picture),
text: The terrece 1s bright with moonlight. The French doors
text: from tho living room opon and Mary, fully dressed, a
text: smell packsgo undor one arm, comes out. CuMERA PANS
text: with hor as she hastens across the terrace towards the
text: ficlds in the distance. Then CuERa SWINGS BACK TO
text: THE HOUSE. a gust of wind blows the epen door shut
text: with a loud bang.
scene_heading: INTERIOR SiRa'S ROOM WIGHT
text: Saran, alarmod ty the sound, sits up. She gathers a
text: dressing gown about her, rises, and goos forth to
dialog: investigate.
dialog: on
dialog: Cy)
dialog: 147.
scene_heading: INTERIOR LIVING Roou NIGHT
text: The door ts banging to'and fro in the night wind.
text: Sara onters. She is surprised to find it unlocked.
text: She; carcfully locks it again. Thon 2 now thought
text: eccurs to hur, C,MER. SWINGS TO FOLLOW HER. as she
text: hurrics out into the hell and up the stairs.
scene_heading: INTERIOR UPPER LANDING NIGET
text: Sara hurrics down it until sho reaches Mary's door.
text: She opens it softly lest Mary ts aslocp. &s tho door
text: §Wings wide, sho sces the room is empty. Her voice -
dialog: Pises ino picrcing sercam.
scene_heading: JUDGE LORGSTRIET. JUDGE LONGSTREET.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR WOODS NIGHT
text: 4& ghostly fi in the pale moonlight, Mary emergos
text: frem the shadows ef tho woeds and reaches the little
dialog: stream ot its cdau. Tore is no hesitation as sho
text: crosses on the stopping stones, only grim dotormination.
text: Reaching the opposite bank, she hurries on towards the
text: chureh in the distance.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR LONGSTREET HOME WIGHT
text: Judge Longstreot, buttoning his coat, burrics out
text: followed by Noah, who runs off sconc ahoad of hin.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR THs CEMETERY NIGHT
text: Unhesitctingly, bary picks hor way through the rows
text: ef tombstones, Sho agein hears RONETN' $"VOsce.
dialog: . RaNKIN'S vorcs
dialog: James Longstreet, 1896°1917. Dicd
dialog: for his country. Noah Longstreet,
dialog: 1642-1863. Died for his coun .
dialog: William Longstreet , 1713-1794,
dialog: Dicd for his country....
text: «neagd of her looms the church, its rear door in
dialog: Plain viow, She hositstos c moment.
scene_heading: EXTERIONn LONGSTYEET Gak.G= NIGHT
text: Judge Longstreut and Noch drive out towards town.
dialog: a
dialog: C)
dialog: 148.
scene_heading: _ INTERIOK CHURCH NIGHT
text: It 4s f211 of ghostly shadows and half tones from .
text: the moonlight, diffused through stained glasa windows.
text: Mary movea down the sido aisle across the rear of the
text: first seatieon of pews, thcnec dorn the counter aisle
text: towards the opon door leading into the vestibule.
scene_heading: INTERIOR WILSON'S HOTEL ROOK NIGHT
text: Wilson is seated by the window looking cut at the
text: cleek towor., Ho is talicing on the phone.
speaker_heading: FILSON
dialog: (quistly - easily)
dialog: Yes...rond=blocks are up = wo're
dialog: watching the railroad -station
dialog: and ke Lan't Riding in the woods...
dialog: (thero is a sharp
dialog: kmock on the door)
dialog: (ore 50. )
dialog: . (effacene ~ very oxcitcdl
dialog: Mr. Wilsont! °F 7
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Como int.
dialog: (speaking into the .
dialog: phone again and ona
dialog: t.
dialog: window at tho clock
dialog: tower)
dialog: If he's where I think he ia itts
dialog: - Going to bo easy - We'll do
dialog: evurything possible to get him
dialog: alive, a
speaker_heading: NOLE
dialog: . (bursting into the room)
dialog: Shots gone, ir, Wilson! she's
dialog: left tho housot
speaker_heading: WILSON
text: (throws the receiver on
text: the hook and turns to-
text: Noeh, his voice quict
dialog: but his cyos full of
dialog: anxioty)
dialog: The clock towert
speaker_heading: NOL
dialog: ‘ I don't know,
dialog: a!
dialog: 149,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (griniy)
dialog: If that's where he's hiding and
dialog: she gots there beforo ug - ~
speaker_heading: NOs
dialog: (in a small voice)
dialog: What will we dot
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (rushing out of tho
text: in’ ‘shouting after -
dialog: Cali Capt, Samels, and tho deputiest
dialog: Get all the help you can!
scene_heading: EXTERIOR HALLWAY IN THE HOTEL
text: ‘Wilson rao toward the stairs goos past the CaMERA.
text: Wo hear his ootatcps offscreen as Noah in ths door
text: calls after him,
dialog: . NOak
dialog: “here, Mr. Wilson? Wheroet?
text: Offsereon Wilson crics out in poin and we hear the
text: sound of him thing a bad fell on the stairs. Noah
text: reacts and dashes down tho stairway, CiMERA following.
text: Wilson ls in a heap noar the foot of the atairs, He
text: has sprainod his ankic.
dialog: Nose
dialog: Mr. Wilson!
text: Nonh helping him, Wilson gots painfully to his feet.
speaker_heading: ( WILSON
dialog: gasp thro!
dialog: his Booth) ough
dialog: The church....the church:...
speaker_heading: NOLH
dialog: But whet about you, Mr. Wilson?
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (orcathing hard as
dialog: he starts to move)
dialog: I'll got there - durry up nows...
dialog: Your sister may be still alive!
text: With 2 worried look at Wilson, Noch hurries off scene,
dialog: Wilson hobbles efter hin,
dialog: (y,
dialog: 150,
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: T!ll got there....
speaker_heading: : DISSOLVE To
scene_heading: DRERIOR VESTIBULE NIGHT
text: Mary, package under her arm, begins mounting towards the
text: velfry. CuMERa stays on her ag she climbs into the belfry.
text: She sees the ladder with its missing section. Clut
text: her package under one arm, with her free hand she grasps
text: tho one still (Standing upright ond mounts the first rung.
text: RANKIN’ $ VOICE comea out of the darkness.
speaker_heading: RANKIN'S VOICE
dialog: Don't move. I have a gun.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT MARY
text: She stands rigid on the first rung.
speaker_heading: MARY
speaker_heading: “(qutetiy)
dialog: You don't need it. rim alone.
speaker_heading: .WEIN'S VOICE
dialog: (Aneredulously)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Ib (Leveliy) ad. ©
dialog: rought you fuod. wag
dialog: afraid you would bo hungry, -
scene_heading: TNTERIOR LANDING wreHr
text: Rankin stands in tho deep shadows beside tho door
text: icading into the Glock room itself, His face, haggard
dialog: @nd unshavon, betrays his incredulity. Can tt ve
text: Possible that he still holds this giri.
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: are you telling the truth?
speaker_heading: MARY'S VOICE
dialog: Why should I lic?
text: He moves forward ond looks down at hor.
scene_heading: INTERIOR LANDING NIGHT
text: Rankin ie in immediate foreground, with Mary below him,
text: looking up. Below her there is a bottomless Pit.
dialog: yy
dialog: ()
dialog: 151.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: Were you followed here?
dialog: I came past the woods. ..scross
dialog: the brook...through the cemotery.
dialog: No one suw me,
scene_heading: INTERION BELFRY NIGHT
text: sdove hor, Rankin knools and stretches one arm down
dialog: o her,
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: Come up.
text: She locks up at hin...mounts one more rung...then
text: reaches out ber free hand to hin. -He tukcs it in
text: his, She lets herself go. Her body swings over the
text: yawning apace loading to the church below, For a
text: second she bencs motionless, Thon, Slowly, he starts
dialog: to pull her up, :
scene_heading: INTERIOR LaNDING "NIGHT
text: Rankin pulls hor inte scono, She still carries her
text: package. They both gain their feet. In silonce,
text: Renkin throws open the door to the clock room. She
text: . enters it. Ho follows.
scene_heading: “INTERIOR CLOCK RooW NIGHT
text: The old lantern hangs from a cross beam, & burlap
text: bag screons the window to hide its rays. Rankin closes
text: the door. Tho rhythm of the clock's motor is loud in
text: their ears as they face cach other. Finally:
dialog: (his hand
dialog: outstrotchad)
dialog: Givo me the food.
text: Siicntly, she hands hin the package. Sho watches him
text: aa ho tears the papor, revealing a shoe box. He jerks
text: off the lid. He ‘is staring down at omptiness. He looks
text: up at her slowly.
dialog: (quictiy)
dialog: I nooded tho excuse. I was
dialog: afraid you wouldn't ist mo up,
dialog: Q
dialog: a)
dialog: 182.
dialog: Whet do you wont?
speaker_heading: KRY
dialog: I came to kill you.
speaker_heading: RANKIN
dialog: What a little fool you aro.
dialog: Coming hors alonc...atill
dialog: mo soeetoutve forced ne.
dialog: You were moant to fall through
dialog: that ladder. Now you're going
dialog: te. .
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't mind. If I take you 2
dialog: with mo. .
speaker_heading: RuNEIN
dialog: They've scarched the woods, Zz
dialog: watched them this aftornoon....
dialog: (pointing to the window}
dialog: eothoro...like God looking at little
text: ants...scurrying away their futile —
dialog: Iives. So, you'll fall...Ztll eo
dialog: through the graveyard...gain the
dialog: woods...They won't search it again,
dialog: A day or two and they'll be sure
dialog: I'vo loft town,
speaker_heading: : . MARY
dialog: Not when they find m. They'11
dialog: know you're still here,
speaker_heading: itwSEIN
dialog: You are a fool. Everyone knows
dialog: you've toon on the verge of
dialog: cracking up. Now, you've cracked,
dialog: ‘ay elac would you leave your bed...
dialog: come to a desartod church in the
text: dead of night...climb to an empty
dialog: Glock tower. Any child could sea
dialog: you'd wind up killing yourself.
text: He is interrupted by the suddon slamming of the clock
text: tower door. Wilson stands before hin. A GUN appears
text: in Rankin's bend.
speaker_heading: ( WILSON in
dialog: swoat with pa
dialog: but his fone cool
dialog: end final)
dialog: Killing bos led you here, rt
dialog: won't help you now.
dialog: »
dialog: ry
dialog: ()
text: OVET. SCENE there riscs tho sound of voices.
speaker_heading: : WILSON (Cont'd)
dialog: The gitizons of Harper, Kuhn,
dialog: They're waiting for you.
dialog: (Rankin retreats
dialog: two stcps)
dialog: You can kill me...Mary.. half
dialog: of Harper, ind still there's no
dialog: escape. You had the world and
dialog: it closed in on you till there
dialog: was only Harper. That closcé in
dialog: and then there was only this room.
dialog: and this room, too, is closing
text: Ronkin's face has egnin becn stripped of all expression;
text: tho eyes are dull, the mouth hangine open. ais Wilson's
text: indictment sinks into him, a faint moistnoss appears on
text: Ris lips. Hts cyos come alive, crazed, fronetic.
text: Suddenly he 1s slobbering.
speaker_heading: : RaNELY
dialog: It's not truc. What thoy say.
dialog: I didn't do it. It was their
dialog: idoa. T only followed orders.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: You gave the ordors.
dialog: I only did aut
dialog: only oy duty.
dialog: (pleading) —
dialog: Don't makc me fuco thom, I
dialog: can't go back. I'm not a
dialog: . criminal .
speaker_heading: MatY
dialog: You arc... ,
text: Rankin turns to face her.
speaker_heading: ( MakY (Cont'd)
dialog: ropeat the
dialog: words, datas)
dialog: You are...
dialog: This is tho momcnt ‘iilson hos waited. Hila foot lashes
text: out, kicking Rankin's wrist. Wilson stutbles, gasping
text: with pain, and f-lls. Tho gun flies across the room.
text: It lands at Mary's fe:t, Shc snatches it up. Her hond
text: is stoady as sho faces hin.
dialog: »)
dialog: (
dialog: 154.
dialog: * Ri
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Bon't, I can't dic. I'm not
dialog: ready t7 dic. :
text: The clock begins striking the half hour...Joud...
text: atrident . Wilson, in dreadful agony, crawls toward
speaker_heading: RANEIN
dialog: (his voice rising
dialog: aver tho clancr)
dialog: It's my monument. after tro
dialog: a years. It, runs....
dialog: Because of me. .
text: He roaches the window. His knoés bucklo over the
text: ledge. His arcs flail the air wildly as he seeks
text: stones to which ho can cling. Ho disappoars from
dialog: 8 .
scene_heading: EXTERIOR CLOCK TOLin Nrou
dialog: Rankin hea felicn onto the thin ledge teneath the
text: clock. Ee scramblos to his foct...looks around wildly
text: for an avcnuc of escape. The demon passes him in ite
text: rotary motion across the clock, clmost kmocking him off
text: the ledge. Then he hastens throurh tho portal at the
text: right of clock. OVEN SCENE there rises the plorcing
text: scroam hoard in tho oponing of the picture, then Rankin
text: emorgos, carried iepalod upon the Angel's sword. .
scene_heading: EXTERION TON SQUIRE NIGHT
text: The townspeopl. arc gathered in full force, as in the
text: opening of tho picture, 211 eyos turned upward toward
text: the face of the clock.
scene_heading: EXTE: Io CLOCK TOWER NIGHT
text: Tho CaMEi., shooting from a high elevation, carries a
text: section of the clock in f.g., the ledge blocking the
text: view of a scotion of the strost below, Beyond the
text: ledge, townspeople can bo seun Punning across the
text: The angel hos almost completed its march across tha
text: clock. fankin, impaled upon its sword, is st 1
text: to free himself. Just before tho angel reaches its
text: exit, his last struggles dislodge the angel from its
text: base with a shriek of tortured metal. Tithin the clock
text: itaolf there is a wild grinding of pcars suddenly
text: Peleased. and the hands of the clock spin wildly as the
text: 4ngol and Rankin, locked inc grucsome embrace, veer
text: slowly cut and fall to the stroet below, out of CaMERA
text: range. As they fc11, tho townspoople on the green
dialog: 155,
text: below can be seen hastily pulling back as the bodies
text: burtie toward them, Their excited cries rise OVER
text: SCENE. The hends of the clock, still wildly spinning,
text: squeak and rattle as the works clatter to a stop.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR CLOCK TOWER NIGHT & DIFFERENT aNGLE
text: This is the same sotup 23 usod in the introduction of
text: tho picture...The backs of the New England townspeople
text: silhouettod agninat the sky and the church tower, in
text: forced perspective, looming above thom.
scene_heading: INTERIOR BELFUY OF CHULCH NIsaT : »
dialog: This is the landing just benoxch the clock, Judge
text: Longstreet and Dr. Lawrence avs Just finished helping
text: Mary dcwn tho broken ladder. The Judge takes his
text: daughtcr in his corms, Lawrenec ic vory close to her,
dialog: (calling'ap to”
dialog: e up to.
dialog: the cloch towor)
dialog: all right, Er, Vilson, lary!
dialog: safe. Let mo give you n hand,
dialog: Wilson 4s soeted juet et the cpening. He is ‘choerfully
text: nursing hig foot and ncnding his Pipo stem again (1t
text: broke in the soufflo) with adhesive tape.
speaker_heading: VILSON
dialog: (calling down)
dialog: No, thanka.
text: Pottor, with o couple of State troopers, stumbles up to
dialog: the landing.
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: (very oxcitedly)
dialog: . Hil What happencd?
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (with a quict smile)
dialog: VeDay in Harper.
speaker_heading: POTTER
dialog: (turning to Lawrence
dialog: and Mery)
dialog: I don't act that.
dialog: (calling up agein)
dialog: Come on down,
dialog: 
dialog: am
dialog: 156.
speaker_heading: , WILSON
dialog: (with 2 rucful grin)
dialog: Not 'til you get me a new ladder,
dialog: T've hed ny head conked and-my
dialog: anklo busted. ' Prom here on in,
dialog: my friends, I'n taking it oasy,
speaker_heading: POTTEn
dialog: (to Lawrence)
dialog: What's ko talkin! about?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Seoms tho warts over or, Commectacut.
speaker_heading: P
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: Do toll =<
speaker_heading: YX (ieritenly) Well
dialog: fou're a. crazy!...Well, Itiz act
dialog: Rima gtod ladder. Holts had enough
dialog: trouble, and they Say, accidents
dialog: always come in threos,
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT ¥ILSON
text: Eo has finished rending his pipc and ts now filling it.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: In threes? ‘heat cbuut werld wars?
dialog: (hy lights his pipe)
dialog: ur. Potter, I devoutly Rope and
dialog: pray you're wrone!!...
dialog: (smoking cosily)
dialog: Goodnight, Mary... .Plcoazsunt dreans.
text: Wilson takes o lom:, hoppy drag at his pipe and fills
dialog: tho belfry with its Pleasant soko.
speaker_heading: PaDE OUT
dialog: 
