dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE ISLAND
dialog: Written by
dialog: 
dialog: Caspian Tredwell-Owen
speaker_heading: 1/13/04
text: We PULL BACK, in marked steps, to include neighboring apartments
text: with identical frosted facades. Then more apartments, above and
text: below, the tiers linked by ramps and crosswalks. It might be a
text: prison cellblock but there are no guards apparent. Indeed, the
text: residents move freely, all notably male, all clad in shearlings,
text: polo shirts and slacks. It is just another day in Sector Four.
scene_heading: 3 INT. NUTRITION PLAZA - SECTOR FOUR - DAY
text: Satie's Gymnopedie plays from overhead speakers.
text: A glass wall looks out across a green mountain valley. The plaza,
text: formed in curves of creamy ceramic tile, is divided into two service
dialog: areas.
text: Male residents in line on one side, females on the other. Both
text: genders combine in the seating area. Lincoln reaches the head of
text: the line. He swipes his ethercuff o v e r a scanner. A NUTRITION
text: CLERK, a surly woman in uniform, eyes the readout on her screen-
speaker_heading: NUTRITION CLERK
dialog: Lincoln Six-Echo... Options are dried
dialog: fruit, oatmeal or anything in bran.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What? No bacon?
speaker_heading: NUTRITION CLERK
dialog: You got a sodium flag, pal - now
dialog: what's it going to be?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Whatever.
text: He shrugs, disgruntled. The clerk taps her screen. Turning to a
text: row of chutes behind her, she collects a foil covered bowl and a
text: drink can. Lincoln, less than appetized, loads his tray with the
text: oatmeal and juice breakfast. Then he heads into the seating area.
text: In the seating area, male and female residents sit eating and
text: chatting happily. Uniformed busboys intermix, clearing and wiping
text: tables. A divide in this community now starts to become clear...
text: The busboys, like the nutrition clerk, like all the service,
dialog: maintenance, and administrative staff we'll see, have distinct
text: uniforms but no facial marking. They are known as "outsiders".
text: The "residents", like Lincoln, have crosshatched scars on their
text: upper left brows and ethercuffs o n their wrists. Mostly Caucasian,
text: from mid-twenties to mid-sixties. There are no children here.
text: We isolate a blonde - mid-20's, fresh, bright eyes, a fragile
text: beauty, a crosshatch of two verticals and one horizontal. Her
text: name is ESTER TWO-ALPHA. Seeing Lincoln, she smiles and waves-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Lincoln ! Over here!
dialog: 3.
text: Lincoln crosses, a little surprised to see her. Pleasantly so.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Hello , stranger.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: What? You don't recognize me?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: It's just an expression, that's all.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: You and your expressions, Lincoln. Now
dialog: sit down and ask me where I've been.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: (sits , a spreading smile)
dialog: Okay, Ester. Where have you been?
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: At the medical center. Just for tests
dialog: but they had me on liquid nutrition.
dialog: (forks a mouthful of eggs)
dialog: Mmmmm. This is the first solid food
dialog: I've had in a week.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Exciting.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: That's not the exciting part. I got my
dialog: first trimester report: happy, healthy
dialog: and contaminant-free... Both of us.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Us?
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: My baby... It's in perfect condition.
dialog: I just hope I can keep it that way. I
dialog: still have six months to delivery.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Then you leave all this behind, huh?
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Why? Will you miss me?
text: Her eyes betray a flicker of something. It unsettles Lincoln.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I'll miss your coffee. C'mon, I
dialog: already burned up my quota.
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Okay. But this is the last time.
text: In a deliberate move, she drops her napkin on the floor. As she
text: ducks down to retrieve it, Lincoln steals a gulp of her coffee.
text: Rising again, Ester registers his souring look.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: What is it?
text: Lincoln just nods across the plaza. Ambient conversation is now
text: ebbing at an arrival. An outsider in a grey, vaguely clerical
text: uniform - sanguine, settled, precise eyes. He might be a prison
dialog: warden but for the generally warm reception. He is known as The
text: Community Director. His name is MERRICK.
text: He crosses to a lectern, unlooping a chain from his neck with a
text: three-forked pendant known as a "tri-key". He slots the tri-key
text: into the lectern. The glass wall frosts over and pixellates i n t o
text: a live feed of himself. Now amplified by the plaza speakers,
text: Merrick begins his address-
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Good morning. To everyone here and
text: everyone watching on etherscreen,
dialog: welcome to the community address. Today
dialog: I'm coming to you from Sector Four. For
dialog: those of you here with sugar quotas, let
dialog: me recommend the french toast. I just
dialog: tried some and it's excellent, really.
dialog: But I know what everyone's hungry for
dialog: s o let's move on to the lottery. As
dialog: always the draw will be made from our
dialog: host sector. So tell me, Sector Four -
dialog: is everyone ready for The Daily Spin?
text: Applause and whistles erupt, mostly from the younger residents,
text: who take on the zeal of a game show audience. The older ones -
text: including Lincoln - greet the prospect with labored tolerance.
text: Merrick turns the tri-key i n the lectern. The glass wall
text: switches from the live feed to a jumbotron o f flashing text;
scene_heading: - - DAILY SPIN!... GET READY TO WIN!... DAILY SPIN!--
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Let The Spin begin.
text: To a burst of cheers, he turns the tri-key another notch. The
text: glass wall becomes a spinning blur, like a tumbler on a slot
text: machine. But instead of icons, it clicks through names, each
text: separated by a blank line - from "Adams One-Alpha" to "Zucker
text: Three - Charlie" - scrolling the entire population of Sector Four.
dialog: 5.
text: As the spin slows, a pent silence falls. Expectant eyes watch the
text: names click through the P's, the Q's, the R's, the S's and . . .
scene_heading: - - SPIN WIN!... STARKWEATHER TWO-DELTA... SPIN-WIN!--
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Starkweather Two-Delta! Step up!
text: Cheers and applause as everyone looks for the lucky recipient.
text: The excitement abates as it becomes clear he's not among them.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Well , Starkweather, if you're watching
dialog: on etherscreen - your time has come, my
dialog: friend! You're moving out to The Island!
dialog: (another burst of cheers)
dialog: And the rest of you, never lose hope;
dialog: what do we know about The Daily Spin?
scene_heading: THE YOUNGER RESIDENTS
dialog: Everyone gets to win!
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: An d tomorrow it could be you...
text: Merrick steps down and departs. The plaza reverts to its former
text: mood, dotted with murmurs of disappointment. Lincoln scowls.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Don't worry. Your time will come.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: That's easy for you to say. Your time's
dialog: guaranteed. All you have is six months.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Six months of mood swings, sore back
dialog: and swollen feet. Want to trade places?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: (scowl lifting)
dialog: Give me some more of your coffee.
scene_heading: 4 INT . SUBWAY PORTAL - SECTOR FOUR - DAY
text: The portal is spanned by a rank of latticed metal gates, known as
text: an "ethergate." Residents swipe their ethercuffs o v e r scanners,
text: the gates hiss open and they step through in systematic order.
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: 5 INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - SECTOR FOUR - DAY
text: The subway, formed in arches of creamy ceramic tile, is not
text: unlike our own. In place of escalators, moving walkways deliver
text: the residents onto the platform. Along the platform wall runs a
text: strip of mirrored panels, etherscreen reporting in banner crawl:
scene_heading: - - NEXT STOP... SECTOR 5 - SECTOR 6 - CENTERVILLE...
text: At the tunnel edge of the platform is a safety fence, where the
text: residents wait in a patient line, Lincoln among them. His focus
text: is drawn to two younger residents whispering furtively nearby.
speaker_heading: RESIDENT #1
text: A stim unit says it hits the wall.
speaker_heading: RESIDENT #2
dialog: Okay . But I get to set the can.
text: Resident #1 shrugs and hands him a drink can. Resident #2 ducks
text: under the fence, reaching the can down to the track. Or what
text: looks like a track. The struts lining the bed are not sleepers
text: but buffers of galvanized rubber. Nor are there any rails. The
text: relay system is provided by a series of metal posts, flanking the
text: buffers to run in twin parallel. Known as "lode-poles," they now
text: start thrumming and pulsing with red light, like runway beacons.
speaker_heading: RESIDENT #1
text: Hurry it up. The shuttle's coming.
text: Resident #2 regains the platform. We PUSH IN on the drink can,
text: balanced on a buffer. It starts rattling. Then suddenly shoots
text: upward into the air, arcing and bouncing off the tunnel wall,
text: clattering into obscurity. Resident #1 whoops in victory.
text: A rush of air heralds the shuttle. It sails out of the tunnel,
text: floating three feet above the track. A hybrid of subway car and
text: nautical craft, it has runners in place of wheels, like hulls on
text: a catamaran. It is buoyed by a magnetic flow emanating from the
text: lode-poles, an invisible river known as a "lode-stream". The
text: shuttle drifts to a gentle halt, hovering, rocking a little. Its
text: gangplanks fold out toward the platform and the safety fence
text: lowers. Lincoln and the other commuters file routinely aboard.
scene_heading: 6 INT . CENTERVILLE - DAY
text: An avenue of cream colored buildings. Uniform in architecture,
text: rising five stories to meet a mirrored roof. Despite lighting
text: arrays, the absence of sky lends a chasmic quality . Lincoln
text: follows the flow of residents up the avenue. Building signs read:
dialog: "Dept. Of Labor", "Dept. Of Health", "Dept. Of Sanitation". He
text: splits off, turning into a building marked "Dept. Of Population."
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: 7 INT. OFFICES - DEPARTMENT OF POPULATION - DAY
text: Frosted glass workstations, notably circular rather than square.
text: Lincoln sits at his desk in front of a wraparound etherscreen,
text: divided into three sections, a formation known as a "visor".
text: Right-visor shows a polymorph in fractal cycle, like a permanent
text: screen saver. Mid-visor shows a tomograph of a residential block;
text: tiers of apartments shown as boxes, most in solid white, a few
text: blink red with the text label "Vacancy". Left-visor shows a list
dialog: of names and sociographic grading sheaded "Residents Pending".
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (TO VISOR)
dialog: Hudson Four-Alpha; profile reviewed.
dialog: Match to vacancy; 171, Sector 5.
dialog: Request clearance to populate.
scene_heading: - - PROCESSING . . . FOUR-ALPHA, HUDSON; POPULATION APPROVED
text: Left-visor, the name highlights then blinks out. Mid-visor, a
text: box labelled "Vacancy" turns from blinking red to solid white.
speaker_heading: A VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, you want to know something?
text: Lincoln looks up at a face grinning over the partition - mid
text: 30's, jovial, tall and burly. His name is JONES THREE-BRAVO.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You know that guy who won the Spin in
dialog: your sector? Starkweather?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I had a bout with him last week. Guess
dialog: how long he's been here? Six months.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Six months?
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You don't believe me - look it up.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (TO VISOR)
dialog: Census File: Two-Delta, Starkweather.
scene_heading: - - TWO - DELTA , STARKWEATHER: 102, SECTOR 4 -- DAY: 186 / HR: 09:31
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: What do you say now? Still think The
dialog: Spin's rigged for the long haulers?
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: He got lucky, that's all.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: And don't you wish it was you... out
dialog: there on The Island... nature's own
dialog: clean air zone... no screening, no
dialog: quotas... unlimited pleasure...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Shut up, Jonesy.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Why don't you make me? In the ring.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: You're out of my weight-class.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Not anymore. They just got the new
dialog: program in - multi-weight balancing.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I'll think about it.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: C'mon, champ. A stim unit says you
dialog: won't last three rounds.
scene_heading: 8 INT . BOXING RING - CENTERVILLE - EARLY EVENING
text: - C R A C K - The same face recoils from a punch. Jones shakes it off,
text: retreating, recovering. He resets his guard as Lincoln moves in.
text: Lincoln jabs at Jones' defenses, his blowing hitting harder than
text: we'd expect from his stature. Suddenly he breaks through with a
text: left hook. Jones staggers back. A strange ripple distorts his
text: face. Stranger still, his skin tone takes on a grainy pallor.
text: As the bout continues, we widen to see the boxing ring is indeed
text: a ring rather than a square and beyond the ropes is an outer ring.
text: With Lincoln in FG, we now see another figure in the outer ring,
text: mirroring his moves, dressed identically but for the gloves which
text: are like gauntlets. The gauntlets are rigged to two armatures
text: which are, in turn, rigged to a gantry-like mechanism. It glides
text: noiselessly to and fro, shadowing the figure round the outer ring.
text: RACK FOCUS reveals the figure is also Lincoln . The real Lincoln,
text: in fact. The one in FG is a derivative hologram known as a "proxy".
text: As Lincoln fakes and jabs, the counter-weighted armatures drag
text: and recoil, duplicating the exertions of his proxy. Jones moves
text: more sluggishly, his proxy now ghostly, transparent. Now being
text: sent on a last offensive only to be roundhoused by another left
text: hook. Jones' proxy topples and explodes into a pixellated mist.
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Whoooooo!
text: Lincoln proxy - and Lincoln - punch the air in victory. Jones
text: unlatches his gauntlets, sweating, galled by the defeat-
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Sure you input the right weight class?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: You're just too slow, Jonesy.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You're faster `cause you're lighter.
dialog: Programmers... they always miss
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Hey, you put up, now pay up.
scene_heading: 9 INT . STIM BAR - CENTERVILLE - EVENING
text: Rainbow light and swirling electronic music. The clientele are
text: all male residents. Round the walls, poster-sized etherscreens
text: display various dancing women, beckoning, text supers flashing:
text: - - NEW AT THE PLEASURE CENTER!... OR TRY A MYSTERY DATE!...
text: At the bar, Lincoln and Jones, freshly showered, each swipe their
text: ethercuffs over a scanner. A uniformed BARTENDER notes the readout-
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Jones Three-Bravo; you got five units.
dialog: Your friend, he's got an alcohol flag.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: So make it a beer and a Vita Cola.
text: The bartender serves the drinks and they settle at the end of the
text: bar. Scoping for onlookers, Lincoln steals a gulp of Jones' beer.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You know, you're going to get yourself
dialog: contaminated one of these days.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Shut up, Jonesy.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: So, you up for a rematch tomorrow?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I can't. I got an interact.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: With who? That blonde again?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Hey, it's an authorized interaction.
dialog: We're on the same meditation program.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You want to get flagged for proximity?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: No law against friendship, Jonesy.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Quick . . . Give me that beer back.
text: TWO CENSUS OFFICERS ("CENSORS") enter the bar; in wireless head-
text: sets and white uniforms, they seem at once clinical and military.
text: CENSOR 1 carries a tablet known as an "etherboard". CENSOR 2,
text: more imposing, carries a wide-muzzle rifle known as a "stopgun".
text: Their foreboding appearance is greeted without alarm. As they
text: move up the bar, the customers dutifully swipe their ethercuffs
text: over the etherboard. Now reaching Jones, who swipes accordingly-
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: What's going on, officer?
speaker_heading: CENSOR 1
dialog: Census check.
text: Censor1 checks the etherboard; a headshot of Jones spins in 3-D.
text: He offers it to Lincoln who swipes his ethercuff emphatically-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What happened? You lost count?
speaker_heading: CENSOR 1
dialog: I hope nobody's drinking off-quota.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Vita Cola all the way, officer.
text: Lincoln sips his cola. As they move on, he grimaces at the taste.
scene_heading: 10 INT . SHUTTLE - IN TRANSIT - LATER
text: Lincoln stares out of the window. The red pulse of the lode poles
text: catches a glazed look in his eyes. His pupils, a little dilated.
text: His focus returns to the interior and an etherscreen banner:
text: - - G E T READY FOR THE DAILY SPIN!... TOMORROW IT COULD BE YOU...
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 11 INT. BEDROOM - LINCOLN'S APARTMENT - THE NEXT DAY
text: The horizon. The morning sun streams over the green mountains.
text: Lincoln lies sleeping, his head buried under the pillow. Off a
text: beeping sound, he stirs and squints up at the mirrored ceiling:
scene_heading: - - ETHER CALL PENDING ; ACCEPT OR SEND TO MESSAGE BANK?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Accept.
text: The etherscreen resolves Ester's face, fresh and bright.
speaker_heading: ESTER (ON ETHERSCREEN)
dialog: Lincoln? I missed you at breakfast.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I guess I overslept.
speaker_heading: ESTER (ON ETHERSCREEN)
dialog: I just wanted to check we're still on
dialog: for tonight. The interact.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Right. I'll be there.
speaker_heading: ESTER (ON ETHERSCREEN)
dialog: I'll see you then. Enjoy your day!
text: Her face blinks out. Lincoln gets out of bed with a smile.
scene_heading: 12 INT . RESIDENTIAL BLOCK - SECTOR FOUR - DAY
text: Lincoln exits his apartment and heads up the walkway. We reveal
text: the walkway ends at another ethergate, governing residential
text: access. Lincoln swipes his ethercuff o v e r a scanner and a gate
text: swings open. He heads on, the gate hissing closed behind him.
scene_heading: 13 INT . NUTRITION PLAZA - SECTOR FOUR - DAY
text: Ravel's Pavane plays overhead. The plaza is emptying as residents
text: leave for work. Lincoln arrives at the service counter. He
text: swipes his ethercuff and greets the clerk with an amiable grin.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Just juice today. I'm late for work.
speaker_heading: NUTRITION CLERK
dialog: Too bad. I gotta serve the full meal.
text: Lincoln shrugs, his gaze wandering past her into the kitchens.
text: His grin fades as he spots TWO CENSORS talking to a busboy. Then
text: the view is lost as he's served an oatmeal and juice breakfast.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: 14 INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - SECTOR FOUR - DAY
text: Not so crowded at this hour. Halfway down the platform we see a
text: vending machine with confections in nameless silver wrappers. A
text: mouse-ish resident collects a bar from the trough. His name is
text: KLEINWORT NINE-ALPHA. Seeing Lincoln approach, he preempts-
speaker_heading: KLEINWORT
dialog: No, no, no. Use your own sugar quota.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: C'mon, Kleinwort...
text: He says this amicably enough but he's using his imposing presence
text: on the smaller man. Kleinwort sighs and breaks off a chunk.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: So what's up with the Censors, huh?
speaker_heading: KLEINWORT
dialog: They're conducting a census check. Or
dialog: don't you watch the bulletins?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I know what it is. I've just never
dialog: seen them out in this sector before.
speaker_heading: KLEINWORT
text: Probably just tracking a glitch. A bad
dialog: scanner or maybe an userware defect.
dialog: (off Lincoln's puzzled look)
dialog: Ethercuffs. They get damaged, you get
dialog: a false read. Sometimes even a dropout.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What are you saying? They lost someone?
speaker_heading: KLEINWORT
dialog: Someone just isn't showing up where
dialog: they should be. What do you care?
text: A rush of air heralds the shuttle, curtailing the conversation.
text: Beneath his tousling hair, a frown plays on Lincoln's brow.
scene_heading: 15 INT . LINCOLN'S WORKSTATION - DEPT. OF POPULATION - DAY
text: Lincoln stares at the fractal on right-visor, at the intricate
text: paths of dysplasia. The glazed look has returned to his eyes,
text: his pupils, a little dilated. His stare narrows at an errant
text: thought. He shrugs it off. But the thought returns, persistent.
text: More to dispel than indulge it, Lincoln turns to mid-visor-
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (TO VISOR)
dialog: Census File: Two-Delta, Starkweather.
scene_heading: - - T W O - D E L T A , STARKWEATHER: 102, SECTOR 4 - DAY: -- / HR: --
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (TO VISOR)
dialog: Accomodation Status : 102, Sector 4.
text: The tiered boxes resolve, zooming in to isolate Apartment 102.
text: The box shows solid white. Lincoln frowns, assimilating this.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Hey , Jonesy. Remember the guy who won
dialog: The Spin yesterday? His apartment's
text: still showing as occupied.
speaker_heading: JONES (O.S.)
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: So you get 24 hours to move out.
speaker_heading: JONES (O.S.)
dialog: Maybe the system didn't update yet.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: No. It updates on the hour. If he's
dialog: gone it should be showing a vacancy.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: (appearing over the partition)
dialog: What? You think he's still here? The
dialog: guy wins a place on The Island and you
dialog: think he just decided not to go?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I don't know. He wasn't there to step
dialog: up. And now there's a census check...
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: And now nothing. It's probably the
text: programmers messing up.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: A stim unit says I can prove it. Cross
dialog: reference with sanitation.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (TO VISOR)
dialog: Sanitation Status: 102, Sector Four.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: --PROCESSING... APT. 102; CLOSED FOR CONTAINMENT CHECK--
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: See ? Standard procedure. They got to
dialog: sweep it for the next occupant.
text: Their supervisor interrupts them - an outsider, efficient-type-
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: If you gentlemen aren't busy... Perhaps
dialog: I could get an update on sector six?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Still in the electrical phase, sir.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
text: Well the guys upstairs are griping
dialog: about the backlog. So go over there
dialog: and light some fires, will you?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: (pulls on his jacket to leave)
dialog: I'll take care of it.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Aren't you forgetting something?
text: (holds up A STEEL BRIEFCASE)
dialog: Or do you want to get contaminated?
scene_heading: 16 INT . CONSTRUCTION ZONE - SECTOR SIX - DAY
text: An arc of blue light. A uniformed worker steers a plasma torch
text: over a conduit. In the fog of smoke, we see wires being spliced,
text: circuits, tested. Outsiders in hardhats, goggles and cup masks.
text: Lincoln comes over the crosswalk, starkly contrasted in dacron
text: coveralls and a hooded gasmask. THE CREW FOREMAN intercepts him -
text: drawn, desiccated features, a husky drawl. His name is MCCORD-
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: Sorry, chief. I can't let you get any
dialog: closer. We got live wires over there.
text: Lincoln's reply is muffled by the gasmask, lost in the noise.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: What's that you said?
text: Lincoln repeats to no avail. Frustrated, he peels off his gasmask-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I said I can't hear you.
dialog: M c C o r d c h u c k l e s at the irony.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: He y , you get yourself contaminated,
dialog: don't come pointing the finger at me.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: How are you doing, Mac?
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: You know how it is. `Gets to the end of
text: shift, `crew starts draggin t h e i r feet.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: We l l the guys upstairs are griping
dialog: about the backlog. They want to know
dialog: when you'll be ready for move in.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: I guess if we bust our backs, we could
dialog: be out of here by the end of the week.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I'll tell them two weeks.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: Thanks , chief. I appreciate that.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: So . . . got any stuff on you today?
scene_heading: 17 INT . AIRLOCK - SECTOR SIX
text: A sign reads "Warning! Contamination Risk!". Lincoln stands by as
text: McCord u n l o o p s a neckchain w i t h a single-forked pendant known as
text: a "uni-key". He slots it into the top of three keyholes. A light
text: starts flashing and the airlock gives a heavily pressurized hiss.
scene_heading: 18 INT . EXTRACTOR SHAFT
text: A deep steady thrum. Giant extractor fans churn above and below,
text: both directions seemingly limitless. The bleak concrete shaft is
text: streaked with soot, threaded by ladders and catwalks. On one
dialog: such, we isolate Lincoln and McCord. B o t h smoking cigarettes.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I t ' s too bad.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: T h a t your shift's almost over.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: You mean, these things? Well, these
dialog: things ain't good for you anyways.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The y taste good.
text: An exchanged smile. A pause as they enjoy the guilty pleasure.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I like coming here. Talking. Most
dialog: outsiders don't like to talk.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: That's because we ain't supposed to.
dialog: They got rules about fraternization.
text: Lincoln nods. Another pause as they drag on their cigarettes.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What do you do when the shift's over?
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: M o r e of the same. They cycle us onto
dialog: the disposal detail. Hump `n dump crew.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: H u m p `n dump crew?
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: D e b r i s clearance. We hump the heavy
text: stuff to a site on the outside.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Is it as bad as they say out there?
text: M c C o r d l o o k s momentarily puzzled. Lincoln displays his gasmask.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The air... the containments.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
text: But not everywhere. Not on The Island.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: ( b e a t , stubs his cigarette)
dialog: I don't know too much about that.
text: Lincoln eyes him narrowly. McCord p a u s e s , then tucks his lighter
text: into the cigarette box and offers it with a palliative smile.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: MCCORD
dialog: He y , take it from me, you got a sweet
dialog: deal right here. So why worry, huh?
text: Lincoln shrugs, accepting the gift with a slow exhale of smoke.
text: We tilt up to follow the smoke plume, dissipating into the fans.
scene_heading: 19 EXT . THE WORLD OUTSIDE - DAY
text: A i r blasts up from a giant tunnel.
text: W i d e n i n g , we see it is one of a huge ring, planted in the dust,
text: backdropped b y mountainous red rocks. At the hub of the ring is
text: a large cubic building. From its facets, giant appendages of
text: ducting plunge into its surround. These are the inlets for the
dialog: processed air that feeds the underground...
text: This is the landscape of the world outside and manifestly above.
text: F r o m the processing plant, we pull back and up, raking over a
text: large industrial complex. More cubic buildings, cream colored,
text: windowless, like stacks of giant playing bricks. Now we see the
text: front of the complex. The planate f a c a d e , faceless but for the
text: entrance, cubed in polarized glass, like a dark cyclopean eye.
text: F r o m the entrance, we follow a walkway out to a dock where the
text: ground drops away into a broad concrete trench; like the subway,
text: lined with lode-poles and buffers, it is known as a "lodeway".
text: From the dock, we follow the lodeway out to a perimeter wall; red
text: rock slabs, twenty feet high, framing a giant gateway. The gates
text: now glide open to disclose a view of the world outside the wall-
text: The shimmering bleached wilderness of The Arizona Desert.
text: O u t in the distance, where the lodeway tapers into the scrub, a
text: vehicle emerges from the shimmer. A hybrid of bus and nautical
text: craft, single hulled, known simply as a "liner". Now as the
text: liner becomes clearer, a decal on its prow is revealed - a
text: crosshatch insignia over a blocky l e g e n d "The Sanger Institute".
scene_heading: 20 INT . ENTRANCE HALL - THE SANGER INSTITUTE - DAY
text: The polarized glass shows the liner has docked and A TOUR GROUP
text: is disembarking. The men are mostly over 40, bloated by luxury.
text: The women, mostly under 30, wives and girlfriends, all jewels and
text: haute couture. They filter into the entrance hall to be greeted
text: by the courtesy staff. Pretty girls in short skirts and blazers
text: with the crosshatch insignia, led by a pert redhead named LYDIA.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: L a d i e s and gentlemen, my name is Lydia
dialog: and on behalf of our staff, I'd like
dialog: t o welcome you to The Sanger Institute.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: LYDIA (cont'd)
dialog: Before we start the tour, we'll be serv-
dialog: i n g r e f r e s h m e n t s in the visitor center
dialog: and circulating our standard discretion
dialog: agreements. I should add that today you
dialog: are all very lucky because our CEO and
dialog: founder, Dr. Henry Sanger, is with us
dialog: and will be leading the tour personally.
scene_heading: 21 INT . INNER FOYER - LATER
text: The crosshatch emblem spins on a wall-to-wall screen. Not a real
text: screen but a projected flat known as a "holoframe". Here, Lydia
text: assembles the tour group, nursing wine glasses and canapes. The
text: holoframe fades up a serene music track and a commercial begins:
text: A series of vignettes; an old man shuffling on a walking frame --
text: a middle-aged woman in a bathing suit, one breast flattened by a
text: mastectomy -- a young woman in labor, her face knotted in pain.
text: The group watches with frowns and disapproving mumbles. Then-
speaker_heading: V O I C E (O.S.)
dialog: I t ' s not a pretty sight, is it?
text: E y e s turn to a figure behind them, dressed in a vestmental w h i t e
text: labcoat - 70's, tall, slightly hunched by senility, eyes like
text: quicksilver, glittering. He has the hauteur of a visionary
text: stooping to the role of a salesman. His name is DR. HENRY SANGER.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER (cont'd)
dialog: M o r t a l i t y . We all know its face and yet
dialog: w e look away, don't we? We deny that our
dialog: l i v e s are ordained to suffering. That
dialog: w e are all, inalterably, going to die.
text: He pauses, fielding the various disconcerted looks. Then smiles.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I t takes courage to confront mortality,
dialog: my friends. And I see it in each of
dialog: y o u . My name is Dr. Henry Sanger and
dialog: I'm here to reward your courage.
text: L y d i a applauds. The tour group dutifully follows suit. Sanger
text: whispers a question in Lydia's ear. She broadcasts her response-
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: T o d a y ' s group is from New Gaza Health
dialog: Care. They're with the platinum plan.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: N e w Gaza. Yes, very good oncology unit.
text: M u l l i n g this, he ambles through the holoframe which ripples at
text: his passage. Rallied by Lydia the tour group follows him into--
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: 22 INT. SALES HALL - DAY
text: A hall of windows, each window framing a display case, each
text: display case housing a different taxidermied a n i m a l . Not unlike
text: a museum. On closer inspection, more like a chamber of horrors.
text: I n one window is a pig with a horribly distended abdomen. Another,
text: magnified, shows a mouse with a human ear grown on its back. In
text: another, a chimpanzee stares out at us with glaringly human eyes.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I t doesn't get any prettier, does it?
dialog: But this is not a freakshow, my friends.
dialog: This is a war museum. A history of our
text: battles with mortality... and defeats.
dialog: Take the stem cell, for instance. A bid
dialog: to cultivate human parts for transplant -
text: in rodents, primates, barnyard animals.
dialog: It's enough to make your skin crawl. In
dialog: some cases literally, giving rise to a
dialog: new range of cross-species viruses. But
dialog: that's how we learn. From our mistakes.
text: The y turn a corner. Another hall of windows, portals onto tanks
text: of amber fluid that might be formaldehyde. Suspended within are
text: embryos, fetuses and infants. All human. All grotesquely mutated.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: C a s e in point, the clone. Back in the
dialog: beginning, the mapping of the human
dialog: genome was declared a historic landmark-
dialog: t o break the curse of heredity, to
dialog: correct congenital defect... genetic
dialog: engineering became the brave new world
dialog: of medical science. A bright future
dialog: that led to a dark age and much of the
dialog: legislation we know today. But while
dialog: the clone laws may have narrowed the
text: field, science marches on. Only to hit
dialog: the same wall over and over again - the
dialog: enigma of growth, the alchemy that
dialog: takes us from embryo to adult. A clone
text: barely reaches infancy before its
dialog: growth enzymes misfire, resulting in
dialog: the kind of monstrosities - which are
dialog: only effigies - you see here.
text: S o m e reassured sighs from the women. They turn another corner onto
text: another hall. A hall of mirrors. Simple, full-length mirrors.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: So what do we learn from our mistakes?
dialog: That human parts cannot grow outside a
dialog: human body. That human bodies cannot
text: grow outside nature's grand design.
dialog: 20.
text: A FAT MAN, supporting his bulk with a walking stick, grunts -
speaker_heading: T H E FAT MAN
dialog: S o what the hell are we doing here?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: L e t ' s say one day you go to your doctor
dialog: for a checkup. He discovers you have
dialog: imminent renal failure and require a
dialog: kidney transplant. What would you do?
speaker_heading: T H E FAT MAN
dialog: I wouldn't do nothing. My brother'd
dialog: g i v e me one of his. Or else.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: E v e n if your brother's kidney is with-
dialog: o u t defect, there's still a 38% chance
dialog: of rejection. Or less if he's your twin.
speaker_heading: T H E FAT MAN
text: He's not. He's older.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: But what if you did have a twin?
text: O f f the fat man's confused look, Sanger smiles and gently coaxes
text: him to face a mirror. Their reflections stare back at them.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: What if you had a genetic double who'd
dialog: give you not just one of his kidneys,
dialog: but both? In fact, any organ or body
dialog: part you ever had cause to need?
speaker_heading: T H E FAT MAN
dialog: What ? You mean like a clone? I thought
dialog: you said all that stuff was a bust.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I said the problem with a clone is it
dialog: doesn't survive infancy. The solution
dialog: is to find a different starting point.
dialog: Why sow the seed when you can create
dialog: the fruit? Or what we like to call...
dialog: an "agnate".
text: L y d i a starts clapping., then s t o p s , realizing this wasn't a cue.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
text: An agnate is sequenced from a point on
dialog: the cellular timeclock. I t is spawned
text: post-maturate. It is `created' adult.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER (cont'd)
dialog: O f course, its brain is still vestigial
dialog: s o for the first three years we keep it
dialog: i n suspension. During which time we use
dialog: d a t a impression to supply a template
dialog: f o r functionality - a process we call
dialog: " f o u n d a t i o n " . After foundation we
dialog: t r a n s f e r the agnate into "containment"
dialog: w h e r e it enters the conditioning
text: p r o c e s s . An ongoing series of quality
dialog: c o n t r o l s designed to test and maintain
dialog: i t s functionality. After a minimum of
dialog: t w o years conditioning, the agnate
dialog: b e c o m e s eligible for harvest...
dialog: ( t o the FAT MAN, smiling)
dialog: An d you, my friend, get your new kidney.
text: A hush falls among the group as they process what they've heard.
text: It's a sign of the times that none of them seems to be horrified.
speaker_heading: T H E FAT MAN
dialog: L e t me see if I got this straight. You
dialog: can create this whatever... this walking
dialog: spare parts holder... but I gotta w a i t
dialog: five years to get hold of em?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: The spare parts, as you put it, need to
dialog: be tested for integrity. But as many of
dialog: our clients leave it till late in life
dialog: to take out the policy, we do offer the
dialog: option for early harvest. Given the
dialog: risks, however, a waiver is required.
speaker_heading: T H E FAT MAN
dialog: S o five years or no warranty? For the
dialog: premiums you're asking?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: An d what if the organ you needed was a
dialog: heart? Ask yourself, each of you. If
dialog: you had to put a price on your life,
dialog: your very survival - what would it be?
text: A deep lull as the group considers this. Sanger picks his moment.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I t ' s a question your insurance company
dialog: has already answered. For them, the
dialog: agnate obviates costly and ineffective
dialog: treatment programs. Should you decide
dialog: t o take out our policy, not only will
dialog: they lower your existing premiums but
dialog: they'll also cover the production cost.
dialog: 22.
text: The incentive ripples across the faces. A troubled one speaks up-
speaker_heading: T O U R MEMBER
dialog: This "agnate"... what happens to it?
dialog: After our friend here gets his kidney.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: That's entirely his decision. Our role
dialog: is intermediary. We, as the insurance
dialog: provider, guarantee the condition and
dialog: availability of the agnate but all
dialog: other rights are retained. In legal
dialog: terms, the policy holder is defined as
dialog: a "sponsor". The premiums, in effect,
dialog: becoming sponsorship payments,
dialog: maintaining the agnate until such time
dialog: as harvest is required. At such time
dialog: and where feasible, the sponsor has
dialog: the option to extend sponsorship,
dialog: retaining the agnate for secondary
dialog: harvest or, shall we say, let the
dialog: policy expire.
speaker_heading: T O U R MEMBER
dialog: E x p i r e ? You mean... let it die?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: N o . Not as you and I know it, at least.
dialog: The associations of life and death are
dialog: no more applicable to an agnate than to
text: a cow in a field. It exists in a state
dialog: of limited consciousness - aware not of
dialog: life but of functionality. Imbued with
dialog: the knowledge to maintain its function
dialog: but without the capacity to question it.
dialog: And yet, in many ways, the end if the
dialog: most humane part of the process. The
dialog: agnate goes to harvest without any fore-
text: b o d i n g and is painlessly returned to the
dialog: sleep from whence it came. Eternal or
dialog: otherwise. There is mortality for an
dialog: agnate. Just utility and redundancy.
speaker_heading: T O U R MEMBER
dialog: S o it doesn't know? It doesn't know
dialog: its... its p u r p o s e in life?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: W h o does know my friend? Who among us
dialog: knows our true purpose in life?
text: S a n g e r ambles on, plunged in thought. Lydia picks up the slack-
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: This month we're offering a special
dialog: rate for new sponsors. Including a 10%
dialog: discount on the his-and-hers plan.
text: She ushers the group round another corner. Another holoframe and
text: another commercial, displaying the same characters as the first;
text: The old man with the walking frame is now running in a park--
text: The woman with the mastectomy is now at a party, her cocktail
text: dress broadcasting a full cleavage -- The young mother is now in
text: a waiting room, smiling as a doctor hands her a newborn baby.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: DR. SANGER? Would you like to close?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: Yes . . . Now some of you may be thinking
dialog: this commercial is staged. But these are
dialog: not actors, these are past customers.
dialog: Real p e o p l e enjoying the real f r u i t s of
dialog: sponsorship. What we offer here at The
dialog: Sanger Institute is not just health
dialog: insurance but indemnity. What we offer
dialog: is the chance of a new lease on life...
text: The tour group applauds, this time without prompting from Lydia.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: N o w Lydia will walk you through the
dialog: rest of the tour and explain the
dialog: various limitations and exclusions.
dialog: But I do have time for a few questions.
text: H a n d s are raised. A waspish-looking woman butts ahead of them-
speaker_heading: T H E WASP
text: The commercial. The girl with the baby.
dialog: What is that? A fix for infertility?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: You mean the maternity plan? No.
dialog: N o t endemic infertility at least. As I
dialog: said, the law prohibits genetic
dialog: alteration so a defect endemic in a
dialog: sponsor will also be present in their
dialog: agnate. No, what the maternity plan
dialog: provides is a way round the risks and
dialog: rigors of childbirth. Under this plan,
dialog: an agnate becomes eligible for
dialog: pregnancy shortly after foundation. A
dialog: simple donation of sperm from the
text: father, then the agnate is fertilized
dialog: and brings your baby to term.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: THE WASP
dialog: An d then what? You get it in the mail?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: F o r practical reasons, delivery is
dialog: handled by your healthcare p r o v i d e r .
speaker_heading: T H E WASP
dialog: An d "the agnate" - what happens to it?
dialog: When it's, you know - delivered.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: The same rule applies. You can continue
dialog: your sponsorship. Or not. And in this
dialog: case, there's a natural window for
dialog: compliance as the agnate is routinely
dialog: sedated after delivery. As to whether
dialog: it wakes up from that sleep, like I
dialog: said, the choice is yours...
speaker_heading: T H E WASP
dialog: ( b e a t , a shrug)
dialog: An y t h i n g to avoid stretch-marks, right?
text: The other tour members, some more guiltily than others, laugh.
scene_heading: 23 EXT . PROCESSING PLANT
text: A i r blasts up from the same giant tunnel, swallowing the laughs.
scene_heading: 24 INT . EXTRACTOR SHAFT
text: The acoustic hollowing as we look up from the now empty catwalk.
text: The blast of air fading into the deep, steady thrum of the fans.
scene_heading: 25 INT . CONTAINMENT
text: The thrum fading to silence. A flat, measured silence as we
text: revisit the community in soundless montage. The residential
text: block, the frosted facades. The nutrition plaza, the counters,
text: the chutes. The subway, the moving walkways. Centerville, the
text: buildings now emitting a trickle of agnates, ending their
dialog: workday - unwitting participants in their own greater utility.
scene_heading: 26 INT . DIRECTOR'S OFFICE - CENTERVILLE
text: A glass wall looks down on the avenue. The furniture is trans-
text: p a r e n t , ethereal. Merrick sits at a console desk studying an
text: etherboard. O f f a buzz, he taps a button. The door opens and
text: Lincoln enters, composing a deadpan. He doesn't like this man.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: You wanted to see me?
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Yes . Please, take a seat.
text: He taps a button. The glass wall frosts over. It's unnerving but
text: Lincoln stays deadpan, moving the chair before taking a seat.
text: Merrick reviews the etherboard: Lincoln's headshot s p i n n i n g in
text: 3D w i t h a scroll of data. Then he looks up, forming a smile-
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: How ' s Lincoln Six-Echo today?
text: Lincoln shrugs, noncommittal. Merrick eyes him thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: E v e r y t h i n g going okay?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I guess not.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I f I'm here.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I'm not sure I deserve such a negative
dialog: association. My job's only to see that
dialog: you're happy. That everything's okay.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I t sounds like you don't believe me.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Why wouldn't I?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: ( s i t s back, smiling)
dialog: I t ' s part of your makeup. To challenge
dialog: things. To question what's around you.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: P e r h a p s you can utilize that facility
dialog: by helping me solve a little puzzle.
text: Lincoln shifts, feeling uneasy. Merrick consults the etherboard-
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: You're doing well in most areas - pro-
dialog: f i c i e n t a t work, exercising rigorously,
dialog: your last medical puts you in excellent
dialog: condition. But screening's picked up
dialog: some deviations. Trace levels, changes
dialog: in your sleep pattern... I see you've
dialog: also been burning up your quotas...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: A r e you saying I'm contaminated?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The n what's the problem?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: The r e are parameters, Lincoln. When
dialog: someone starts straying from those
dialog: parameters, we need to find out why.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Because you - not just you, all of our
dialog: residents - are special. Because people
dialog: like me don't get to go to The Island.
text: He smiles. Lincoln stays deadpan, wondering where this is going.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: S o tell me, have you noticed any
dialog: changes in yourself?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: What about your sleep pattern? You
dialog: feel you've been sleeping properly?
text: Lincoln shrugs, refractory.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: L e t me put it another way, when you
dialog: wake up, do you feel... disrupted?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Disrupted?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
text: R e s t l e s s , disoriented, uneasy...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: They're all words in your vocabulary.
dialog: I know you understand what they mean.
text: Lincoln ' s jaw clenches, patronized. Merrick notes this, resumes-
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Quotas . . . nutrition. Do you feel like
dialog: you want more than you're given?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Do you have any difficulty staying
dialog: focused? At work, for instance?
text: Lincoln ' s jaw twitches. Merrick notes this, proceeds with care-
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: H a v e you been experiencing feelings,
dialog: sensations you don't quite understand?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Do you sometimes feel agitated for no
dialog: apparent reason? Frustrated, angry...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: An g r y ? You feel angry?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: When exactly do you feel angry?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Now...
text: Lincoln leans forward as if to assert this. Merrick slowly nods
text: like he's just revealed something. He taps the etherboard-
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I'm going to order some tests at The
dialog: Medical Center. In the meantime, I'd
dialog: like you to stay away from stimulants -
dialog: protein, sugar, caffeine...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I already burned up my quotas.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: But I know you can get around them.
text: He levels a knowing look. Lincoln stiffens again, unsettled.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I'm asking you to cooperate. Not for
dialog: my sake, Lincoln, but for your own.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: The r e is one other thing. You have a
dialog: female friend. "Ester". Your file shows
dialog: you've been interacting regularly.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The r e ' s no law against friendship.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: O f course not. We encourage interaction
dialog: in the hope it'll be of mutual benefit.
dialog: But given these deviations... let's
dialog: just say proximity becomes an issue.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I know the rules of proximity.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: The rules of proximity apply to sexual
dialog: contact, Lincoln. In this case it goes
text: deeper than that. Ester is entering
dialog: h e r second trimester. A time of change
dialog: and emotional confusion. Further inter-
dialog: a c t i o n might be... unhealthy for you.
text: Lincoln , patronized, looks away. This pill he won't swallow.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: An d for Ester - well, she has only six
dialog: months left to delivery. Then she'll
dialog: move out to The Island and whatever
dialog: ties she has here will be broken.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: MERRICK (cont'd)
dialog: A s a friend, shouldn't you make her
dialog: t r a n s i t i o n as painless as possible?
text: Lincoln ' s deadpan falters. This one, a bitter pill, he swallows.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: G o o d . Now I'm also going to refill
dialog: your pleasure quota. It may help to
dialog: settle you down a little.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Thank you. I feel much better now.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I'm not sure you do. But I think
dialog: you'll do what's right, Lincoln. You
dialog: may not trust me. But I trust you.
scene_heading: 27 INT . COMMUNITY CENTER - CENTERVILLE - EVENING
text: A theater in the round. The audience is mostly pregnant females
text: and older residents. As the lights dim, eyes turn to the stage.
text: Speakers bring up Handel's O m b r a M a i Fu. Then a glowing mist
text: rises, condensing into a huge sphere, like a seed. Known as a
text: "holomorph", it reacts sonically, germinating into stems and
text: branches and blossoms, growing and evolving with the music. The
text: diaspora i s as spellbinding as it is pacifying. It is beautiful.
scene_heading: 28 INT . FOYER - COMMUNITY CENTER - EVENING
text: The music from within is like a warm beckoning hand. The foyer is
text: slightly vaulted to accommodate a statue. On a bench at its
text: f o o t , Ester sits alone, waiting patiently. As Lincoln enters,
text: s h e rises to greet him, smiling. He seems more sullen than
dialog: usual.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: S o r r y I'm late.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I t ' s okay. I was waiting to tell you
dialog: something anyway. Guess what?
text: Lincoln looks at her, unsettled by her flourishing smile.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: M y baby - I felt it move. And it's the
dialog: weirdest feeling too. I can't explain
dialog: it. It's like being more... more h e r e .
text: Lincoln returns a deadpan look. Ester's smile wavers a little.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm all excited and we're
dialog: supposed to be finding peace of mind.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I have to cancel, Ester.
text: His voice is expressionless. Ester shrugs, refreshing her smile.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: S o I'll see you at breakfast tomorrow?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I don't think so.
text: Ester ' s smile falls. Her eyes, reaching, trying to understand.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Did I do something wrong, Lincoln?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: No.
text: A small word but it comes heavily. Before Ester can ask another
text: question, Lincoln turns and leaves. His jaw, clenching with the
text: effort of self-containment. Ester watches him, not hurt, just a
text: little confused. We widen to encompass the height of the statue.
text: The likeness is idealized but unmistakably that of Dr. Sanger.
scene_heading: 29 INT . PLEASURE CENTER - NIGHT
text: B l u e light. Lincoln walks up a long corridor, carrying a sealed
text: plastic bag. Along the walls, poster-sized screens like those in
text: the bar, display images of women, gyrating, licking their lips.
scene_heading: 30 INT . PLEASURE CELL - NIGHT
text: The blue light sustains. To one side is a mirrored wall, known
text: as an "etherwall". It is currently pixellated t o display a grid
text: of women's faces, artificial consorts waiting to be selected.
text: Facing the etherwall i s a large aquarium-like tank, filled with
text: gelatinous blue liquid. This vessel is known as a "sense tank".
text: Lincoln sits at the rim, naked, wearing a full-head oxygen mask.
text: He couples it to a hose dangling from the ceiling. Then lowers
text: himself into the tank. On the inner facet, a touchlight k e y p a d
text: resolves. Lincoln taps some keys and the etherwall a c k n o w l e d g e s :
scene_heading: - - P L E A S U R E PARTNER SELECTED; PROGRAM COMMENCING...
text: Lincoln looks out at the etherwall. The faces blink off to leave
text: him staring at his reflection. Just one left, a pouting redhead,
text: who licks her lips in anticipation as the lights dim.
dialog: 31.
text: A holographic mist now rises. First resolving a proxy of Lincoln,
text: naked, replicating his posture in the tank. Then the redhead is
text: conjured, her buxom nudity glimpsed through the swirling mist.
text: Lincoln proxy reaches out to stroke redhead proxy's breast. In
text: the tank, Lincoln's fingers caress only the gel, his fingertips
text: met by soft arcs of light - neurological charges, conducted by
dialog: the gel, creating the sense of touch. They are known as "impulse
text: arcs". Redhead proxy responds, dappling her lips across Lincoln
text: proxy's neck. In the tank, impulse arcs flicker across Lincoln's
text: throat, then down his chest, descending to more erogenous zones.
text: Lincoln stiffens and closes his eyes, yielding to the sensation.
text: The sensation engulfing him, Lincoln's brow starts to furrow. Not
text: with ecstasy. Something darker. His eyes open, his pupils fixed
text: in a black dilated stare. Resisting the artificiality, his face
text: forming a sneer, tightening until... he slams h i s palm into the
text: touchpad. The tank shakes. The proxies blink out. Lincoln stands
text: mirrored in the etherwall. His hand, pressed against the glass in
text: a posture of defiance. His reflection, warped and shuddering.
scene_heading: 31 INT . ELEVATOR SHAFT
text: F r o m darkness grows a seed of light. Red light, pulsing to reveal
text: the shaft, lined by lode-poles, here in triangulated relay. The
text: polarity cradles a dark mass towards us. An elevator in descent.
scene_heading: 32 INT . DIRECTOR'S OFFICE
text: Merrick is at his console, working late. Off a buzz, he taps a
text: button. The door opens and an outsider enters - 40's, square set,
text: hollow, remote eyes. His hair is damp and he wears post-decon
text: scrubs. A USMC ring is visible on his finger. His name is SCHEER.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: K a r l . . . Welcome back.
text: S c h e e r pauses, his face twitching. Then sneezes violently.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I forgot how much I hate the air here.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: J u s t a histamine reflex. Your system's
text: readjusting to the sterile environment.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I t ' s the smell I hate. Empty.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Yes , well I cut short your leave for a
dialog: reason. I take it you've been briefed?
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: ( s i t s , sniffing)
dialog: O n e of our lab rats is missing.
text: W i t h a dour look, Merrick slots his etherboard i n t o a dock. A
text: proxy resolves over the console, quarter scale, spinning in 3D;
text: male, African American, bull neck. Data etches across thin air:
scene_heading: - - P R O D U C T ID: STARKWEATHER; FOUNDATION: II; GENERATION: DELTA;
scene_heading: - - I N T E G R A T I O N DATE: 01/27/84 // CONTAINMENT REF: 102, SECTOR 4
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: His name is Starkweather Two-Delta. He
dialog: dropped off the ether two days ago. At
dialog: first we thought it was a system error.
dialog: Then we found this in a garbage chute.
text: He opens a drawer and pulls out an ethercuff. He hands it to
text: Scheer who considers it remotely for a few seconds. Then-
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: D e l t a generation, huh?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I t was a Delta the last time.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: T h a t was entirely different. The
dialog: product suffered a head injury.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: What happened to this one?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: We don't know. He just disappeared.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: N o t easy to disappear. Unless he
dialog: figured a way through the boundary.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: He's a code two, Karl. A low functioner.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I f you ask me, it's a mistake giving
dialog: them any functions at all.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: The y don't function mentally, they don't
dialog: function physically - you know that.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: The n perhaps if you're going to breed
dialog: lab rats, you should breed them tame.
text: His look, albeit from a distance, throws a stone. Merrick hardens-
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I f you bothered to read the clone laws,
dialog: you'd realize we have no choice in the
dialog: matter. The virtual humanity statutes
dialog: accord them a set of freedoms. All we
dialog: can do is prescribe the limits. And
dialog: even those are subject to regulation.
dialog: Scope of knowledge, range of activity,
dialog: even their speech patterns. The law
dialog: requires that what is of human origin
dialog: be provided with human characteristics.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: You mean, like fallibility?
text: Merrick pauses. He's not going to take the bait.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
text: The ether shows no attempts on the
dialog: boundary. He's here, Karl. But for
dialog: some reason, your men seem unable to
dialog: find him. It's your job to contain the
dialog: products. I'd like you to do it, okay?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: A little sensitive, aren't we?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: J u s t after Starkweather went missing,
dialog: his sponsor placed an order. An order we
dialog: can't fill. Damn right I'm sensitive.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: A l r i g h t . How much time do I have?
text: Merrick taps a button. A holoframe appears beside the proxy.
text: Even in two dimensions, the face is identical. Just a different
text: hairstyle and a gold earring. This is the face of The Sponsor.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: J a m i l Starkweather . . . last week he
dialog: sustained a hepatic trauma resulting in
dialog: liver hemorrhage. In medical terms, we
dialog: have maybe a few weeks. In legal terms,
dialog: we're already o n borrowed time...
dialog: ( a s Scheer rises to leave)
dialog: An d Karl?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: MERRICK (cont'd)
dialog: I don't want a godawful m e s s like the
dialog: l a s t time. Minimal damage. Understood?
scene_heading: 33 INT . LINCOLN'S APARTMENT - PREDAWN
text: The horizon. The green mountains cast black by the predawn
text: glower. Lincoln sits rigidly hunched on his bed, still in
text: yesterday's clothes, sleepless. He is staring fixedly out of the
text: window, hungrily, as if inviting the outer darkness to come in.
text: His gaze lowers onto his jacket, slung across the bed. He digs
text: in the pocket. And pulls out the cigarette pack. For a moment he
text: considers it. Then slowly, purposefully, he opens it. He slips a
text: cigarette between his lips. And lights up. He leans back, taking
text: a slow drag. Exhaling, he watches the smoke rise. His gaze rests
text: on the etherscreen above, expectant. The cursor comes to life:
scene_heading: - - S C R E E N I N G . . . CONTAMINANT DETECTED: ADVISING SANITATION CTRL
text: R e f l e c t e d in the ceiling, Lincoln grins at his small victory.
scene_heading: 34 INT . RESIDENTIAL BLOCK - SECTOR FOUR
text: Q u i e t , empty at this hour. Just the drum of footfalls as Lincoln
text: marches up the walkway, puffing his cigarette. He stops at the
text: ethergate, regarding it as if for the first time. Then he stubs
text: out his cigarette. And swipes his ethercuff o v e r the scanner.
scene_heading: 35 INT . THE ETHER GRID
text: A blue dot blinks in space. We widen to establish its locus on a
text: tomograph. Now building the boxes, the quadrants, the sectors.
text: Revealing a vast, fully dimensional hologram of containment. It
text: spins in the vaulted chamber like a giant geometrical phantom.
scene_heading: 36 INT . ETHER CONTROL ROOM
text: O v e r l o o k i n g the ether, like a studio control booth. Known as
text: "Ethercon", it's also the title of the Censor at the console.
text: Scheer stands over him, now in a white censor uniform with black
text: chevrons on the sleeves, marking his seniority. He instructs-
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: R e v e r s e map. Crop to twelve hour
text: segments. Then put up a sub-grid.
scene_heading: - - S T A R K W E A T H E R TWO-DELTA: ETHER HISTORY; REVERSE MAPPING...
text: T o one side, a miniature of the ether grid resolves. It peppers
text: with a series of blue dots. Then a blue line stems from a point
text: of origin to start joining them. Scheer leans in, eyes honing,
text: watching the blue line retrace the last steps of his quarry.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: 37 INT. NUTRITION PLAZA - SECTOR FOUR - PREDAWN
text: The glass wall reprises the predawn glower. The plaza is empty
dialog: at this hour. But the service counters are staffed as breakfast
text: is being prepared. The clerk looks surprised to see Lincoln
text: arriving so early. He seems grim, latent, stiffly swiping his
text: ethercuff o v e r the scanner. She eyes the readout on her screen-
speaker_heading: N U T R I T I O N CLERK
dialog: Lincoln Six-Echo... Options are dried
dialog: fruit, oatmeal or anything in bran.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I want some bacon.
speaker_heading: N U T R I T I O N CLERK
dialog: You heard the options.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: An d coffee. I want coffee.
text: The clerk sighs and taps her screen. Turning to the chutes, she
text: collects a foil covered bowl and a juice can and sets them on
text: Lincoln's tray. Lincoln glances down at it, then back up-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: This isn't what I asked for.
speaker_heading: N U T R I T I O N CLERK
dialog: You want to get into it? Look, I just
dialog: work here, pal. I serve the meal and
dialog: make sure it goes down on your record.
text: Lincoln nods slowly. Then picks up the bowl. And flings i t across
text: the plaza. Then the juice can, trying to outdistance the bowl.
text: Finally, the tray, which rotors almost to the far side before
text: clattering into obscurity. Then he turns back to the clerk-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: P u t that on my fucking r e c o r d .
scene_heading: 38 INT . SUBWAY PORTAL - SECTOR FOUR
text: The latticed wall of ethergates. The rising beat of footfalls as
text: Lincoln approaches. He swipes his ethercuff o v e r the scanner. The
text: gate slowly hisses open. Too slowly for Lincoln, who kicks it and
text: barges his way through, leaving the gate to shudder on its hinge.
scene_heading: 39 INT . SUBWAY PLATFORM
text: The walkways, unmoving. The platform, deserted. The echoing beat
text: of footfalls as Lincoln marches up to the vending machine. He
text: swipes his ethercuff o v e r the scanner. A screen illuminates:
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: --SUGAR QUOTA EXCEEDED; ACCESS DENIED
text: Lincoln glowers at the message. His jaw clenching, twitching with
text: anger. Erupting, he lashes out, punching t h e machine. He winces
text: as his knuckles crack. Then grabs the machine, trying to rip it
text: off the wall. Pulling, straining, sneering with effort, until-
text: He lets go with a defeated gasp. Then kicks the machine in final
text: affront. The machine resounds with a dull boom. For a moment, he
text: stands there, chest heaving. Then suddenly traps his breath...
text: The r e , in the fading boom, a noise. Faint, rhythmic. Becoming
text: discernible as THE SOUND OF A MAN SOBBING. Lincoln turns toward
text: the platform. Tracing the sound, he crosses to the safety fence.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Hello?
text: His voice echoes to nothing. He leans over the fence and peers
text: up the tunnel. There. In the fog of darkness, a figure. A figure
text: paused, half-standing, like an animal on the brink of flight.
text: The figure seems to stare at him. Then pulls upright. Now moving
text: forward and into the light. His face is African American, bull-
text: n e c k e d , eyes wild and bloodshot. A stranger to Lincoln, we know
text: him as STARKWEATHER TWO-DELTA. His voice is quivering, unhinged-
speaker_heading: STARKWEATHER
dialog: Please...
text: Lincoln stands, frozen by the sight of this dark, dishevelled
text: resident. As he climbs up onto the platform, we see his hands,
text: the fingertips grated and bloody. He lumbers towards Lincoln-
speaker_heading: STARKWEATHER
dialog: P l e a s e , you have to help me...
text: He rushes forward, grabbing Lincoln, pulling him face-close-
speaker_heading: STARKWEATHER
dialog: Y O U CAN'T LET THEM TAKE ME!
text: The stranger's eyes grow darkly, his pupils abysmal, black with
text: dilation. Lincoln fiercely shrugs off his grip, backing away...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: W h o are you? What's wrong with you?
text: The stranger's eyes bore into him, obsidian. Face contorting,
text: baring his teeth like a rabid dog. Suddenly he lunges a t Lincoln-
text: - B O O M - ramming him back into the vending machine - Lincoln is
text: stunned - suddenly a vice-like grip on his wrist swings him round-
text: - C R A C K - into the etherscreen banner, webbing at the impact...
dialog: 37.
text: For a moment, all is a blur. Teetering, Lincoln props himself
text: against the wall. Then his focus resolves on the etherscreen and
text: his fractured reflection. He releases a deep, bewildered breath.
text: Then he notices his wrist. His ethercuff i s missing, his skin,
text: grazed red from abrasion. Confusion yielding to anger, he looks
text: for his assailant. But the platform is empty. His jaw clenches.
scene_heading: 40 INT . SUBWAY PORTAL - SECTOR FOUR
text: T H E DRUM OF FOOTFALLS as Starkweather rushes up to the ethergate.
text: H a n d shaking, he swipes Lincoln's ethercuff o v e r the scanner. The
text: gate hisses open and he barrels through, suddenly spurred by --
text: LINCOLN BURSTING UP from the well of walkways, charging forward
text: like a bull. The gate now closing, Lincoln races for the gap,
text: barging his way through. And the gate snaps shut with a CLANG.
scene_heading: 41 INT . ETHER CONTROL ROOM
text: A N ALARM SOUNDS. The console flashes. Ethercon responds with a
text: flurry of keystrokes. Scheer rejoins him as he pulls up a sub-
text: g r i d . This one evolving past tomograph, mosaicing a n g l e s from
text: etherscreen, conjugating a 3D l i v e feed known as an "etherview"--
speaker_heading: M A T C H CUT TO:
scene_heading: 42 INT . NUTRITION PLAZA - SECTOR FOUR - DAWN
text: S T A R K W E A T H E R BARRELING ACROSS THE PLAZA; glancing off tables,
text: sending chairs flying. Some residents, arriving for breakfast,
text: scatter at his onset. Shocked faces, looking back and forth as
text: Lincoln follows, in hot pursuit, vaulting the toppled furniture.
scene_heading: 43 INT . ELEVATOR BANK - AN UPPER LEVEL
text: A SQUAD OF CENSORS CONVERGING; called suddenly to duty, looping
text: tri-keys r o u n d their necks, donning headsets, priming stopguns.
text: S c h e e r leads them into the elevator, coolly relaying his orders-
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: S u b j e c t headed into North Quadrant. Two-
dialog: m a n teams - we block him and force him
dialog: to ground. If you have a shot, hook him
dialog: but keep it above the belt. Management
dialog: doesn't want us to "damage the product".
text: The Censors roll their eyes knowingly. Scheer taps his headset.
speaker_heading: S C H E E R (INTO HEADSET)
dialog: E t h e r c o n ? Sector Four North; code an
dialog: exclusion for tri-key a c c e s s . Then
dialog: give me a full quadrant lockdown.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: 44 INT. RESIDENTIAL BLOCK - SECTOR FOUR
text: A VERTICAL ONTO A RESIDENTIAL BLOCK: the grid of crosswalks, the
text: tiers of frosted facades; quiet, the residents still dormant--
text: A DRUM OF FOOTFALLS: Then a figure breaking frame, racing up the
text: walkway of an upper floor; then another figure, in hot pursuit --
text: T H E LOCKDOWN I N I T I A T E S : the lights shifting spectrum from white
text: to ultraviolet, bathing the quadrant in a lambent purple haze--
text: S T A R K W E A T H E R : his eyes bulging with panic as he races up the
text: walkway, straining for an ethergate a t the far end of the floor--
text: LINCOLN : his eyes charged with adrenaline, straining to close
text: ground on his assailant; oblivious to the building noise of--
text: T H E LOCKDOWN: locks hissing, lights flashing, ripping up the row
text: of frosted facades; sweeping past Lincoln and onward toward--
text: S T A R K W E A T H E R : the ripple of hissing locks rushing up on him, he
text: pours on the pace, sneering with effort as he tries to outrace--
text: T H E LOCKDOWN: the ripple spearing ahead of him to the end of the
text: floor; now banking across the ethergate a n d sealing the exit.
text: S T A R K W E A T H E R : stalled by the realization he's trapped; he spins
text: round, looking for another avenue of escape only to find--
text: LINCOLN: blindsiding h i s assailant with a headlong tackle; both
text: men toppling over, hitting the floor with a bone-jarring thud--
dialog: S T A R K W E A T H E R : quick to recover, breaking lose of entanglement;
text: now struggling to his feet, stumbling onward up the walkway--
text: LINCOLN : gets up to resume pursuit, then pauses, spotting his
text: ethercuff, discarded on the ground. He looks up in confusion at--
text: S T A R K W E A T H E R : a short distance ahead, climbing over the walkway
text: rail; launching himself off, into a seemingly suicidal plummet--
text: LINCOLN : leaning over the rail, seeing his assailant land safely
text: on a crosswalk beneath, resuming his flight on the lower floor as-
text: - B O O M - A GUNBLAST r i p s the air. A KEENING SOUND builds to a wail-
text: - T H U D - LINCOLN JOLTS as something hits his shoulder, catching him
text: off-balance, a stab of pain keeling him onto the rail -CLANG -
text: LINCOLN SLUMPS INTO FG - TWO CENSORS converging like white ghosts
text: from the purple haze - one reprimanding his recalcitrant cohort-
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CENSOR
dialog: You asshole! You hooked the wrong one!
text: He crouches to examine Lincoln. Blood is blossoming from a wound
text: on his shoulder, jutting from which is a projectile. The censor
text: presses its base and it snaps loose of its unintended target.
text: N o w we see the projectile more clearly. A fat metal pellet, snub-
text: n o s e d , finned at the tail by four metal teeth. On impact, the
text: nose recesses to release a springload a n d the teeth snap forward
text: to bite into the target. This device is known as a "hookhead".
speaker_heading: CENSOR
dialog: J u s t a flesh wound. `Hit his head
dialog: pretty hard. Possible concussion.
dialog: ( i n s p e c t i n g Lincoln's pupils)
dialog: T h i n k you can walk, buddy?
text: Lincoln nods slightly. The censor unloops a tri-key f r o m his neck-
speaker_heading: CENSOR
dialog: You see this? It'll get you past the
dialog: lockdown. You're to report to The
dialog: Medical Center. You understand?
text: O f f Lincoln's blank stare, the censor presses the tri-key i n t o
text: his palm. Then departs. Lincoln stays where he sits, still dazed
text: from the concussion. Absently he watches the censors race off up
text: the walkway, dissolving back into the purple haze as we-
speaker_heading: C U T TO:
scene_heading: 45 INT . ETHER CONTROL ROOM
text: S T A R K W E A T H E R RUNNING. Meeting white uniforms at every turn, zig-
text: z a g g i n g o v e r crosswalks, down ramps. The rat in the maze, dumb to
text: its inevitable destination. Widening, we see we are watching the
text: action on etherview, racking and dollying like a deific e y e .
speaker_heading: E T H E R C O N (INTO HEADSET)
dialog: E a s t side team hold position. Subject
text: headed for the second floor crossramp.
scene_heading: 46 INT . GROUND FLOOR - RESIDENTIAL BLOCK
text: C l o a k e d in shadow, Scheer listens to the play-by-play on headset.
text: With a tap, he changes the channel, whispering to his squad-
speaker_heading: S C H E E R (INTO HEADSET)
dialog: G i v e him some space. I have him.
text: A N O T H E R ANGLE: Starkweather hits the deck running, sprinting up
text: the avenue. In BG, Scheer steps forth, stopgun l e v e l l e d , aiming--
dialog: 40.
text: -BOOM- The flash of the muzzle, the shrill wail of the hookhead.
text: - T H U D - Starkweather jolts as the shot hits him square in the
text: back, arching as the hookhead b i t e s ; but he keeps on running-
text: - B O O M - B O O M - B O O M - Scheer unleashes his ordnance, filling the air.
text: - T H U D - T H U D - T H U D - Starkweather jolts from one, two, three more
text: hits; hookheads b i t i n g , spraying blood; but he keeps on running.
speaker_heading: S C H E E R (INTO HEADSET)
text: A l l clear. Flood the area.
text: A N O T H E R ANGLE; Floor level, as between the tiles, tiny red lights
text: start blinking, rippling forward in a wave. Known as "lode-pins"
text: their small magnetic pulses accumulate into a low level stream.
text: The hookheads c l a w e d in Starkweather's back also start blinking
text: red. The invisible stream flowing beneath his feet, Starkweather
text: feels its force. The duelling polarities stealing his traction.
text: His run reducing to a slipsliding s t a g g e r . Then his feet leave
text: the ground. He flails for a handhold. But there's nothing. The
text: force lifts him a foot clear off the ground before balancing out
text: to dangle him in mid-air, squirming about like a fish on a hook.
text: A N O T H E R ANGLE; Scheer advances to reel in his catch. The stream
text: bows before him, red lights blinking out. Until all that remains
text: is the section where Starkweather hangs suspended. Scheer stops
text: at its limit, looking up at him like some curious zoo exhibit.
speaker_heading: S C H E E R (INTO HEADSET)
dialog: H o o d him, cuff him, patch the bleed.
dialog: Then let's get him up to Level Three.
text: A N O T H E R ANGLE: looking down from high above as the Censors move
text: in on Starkweather. Scheer now walking away, tapping his headset-
speaker_heading: S C H E E R (INTO HEADSET)
dialog: E t h e r c o n ? Send word to dispatch.
dialog: Starkweather Two-Delta is secured.
text: R E V E R S E ANGLE: Lincoln in CU, looking down. He has seen and heard
text: all that has just passed. In his eyes, we see his daze clearing,
text: consciousness coalescing, deepening. His pupils dilating into a
text: deep and uncanny stare. What can only be described as a dawning.
scene_heading: 47 INT . NUTRITION PLAZA - SECTOR FOUR - LATER
text: N o w full but unusually quiet. Residents sit in whispered, anxious
text: discourse. The news of the incident is spreading. Off a series of
text: chimes, eyes turn to the glass wall, now pixellating i n t o an
text: outsider's face - calm, official. THE COMMUNITY ANNOUNCER begins-
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: COMMUNITY ANNOUNCER
dialog: Good morning - this is a community
dialog: bulletin... Following an incident in
dialog: Sector Four earlier this morning, The
dialog: Department of Sanitation is issuing an
dialog: all-sector contamination warning...
text: TRACKING the rapt concern of the residents, Ester among them.
speaker_heading: COMMUNITY ANNOUNCER
dialog: The incident involved a resident found
text: to be infected with a pathogen. While
dialog: the risk is assessed, residents are
dialog: advised to be aware of the symptoms.
dialog: Should you experience aberrant levels
dialog: of anxiety or witness it in others,
dialog: immediately contact The Medical Center.
scene_heading: 48 INT . DIRECTOR'S OFFICE
text: The proxy of Starkweather spins over the desk. Merrick regards
text: i t with a frown. Scheer sits turning the ethercuff i n his fingers
text: with a demeanor of cool curiosity. Underneath, he's rattled.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: You want to tell me what's going on?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: There's nothing going on, Karl.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I'm jaded. Not stupid.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: What's your point?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I checked up. In the past year, three
dialog: products have destabilized. All of them
dialog: Deltas... and there's nothing going on?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: You're jumping to conclusions.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Once I can overlook. Twice I can call
dialog: coincidence. Three times I start giving
dialog: a shit. Because if these products are
dialog: defective...
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Q u a l i t y control is not your concern.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: S o it is a quality control issue?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: That's not what I said.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: He was in the subway tunnels for two
text: days. In the dark, no food, no water.
text: His fingers were scraped to the bone.
text: He was trying to dig his way out. Now
dialog: you try to explain to me why that is.
text: His look says he smells a rat. Merrick weighs him a moment. Then
text: sighs, a little depleted. He gets up and crosses to the glass
text: wall. Looks down on the avenue, at the agnates m i l l i n g beneath.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: It's not an exact science - biogenesis.
dialog: There's a degree of trial and error. If
dialog: the agnate doesn't come together on the
dialog: first pass, we have to abort and start
dialog: over. It's like breaking inertia. The
dialog: bioreactor, the growth medium - we just
dialog: keep upping the levels till we achieve
dialog: integration. At which stage the agnate
dialog: is deemed physically stable. We rely on
dialog: foundation to provide mental stability -
dialog: matching the templates to their capacity
text: but walling it in with parameters.
dialog: ( b e a t , considers the proxy)
dialog: When signs of instability started to
dialog: show up, it pointed to foundation. A
text: hole in the wall, an oversight. But it
dialog: was only happening in the later generat-
dialog: ions . Which pointed back to biogenesis.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: So there was a production defect.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Actually the opposite. We found out in
dialog: the later generations, the levels were
dialog: so high that when we broke inertia, the
dialog: process kept going. Over-integrating.
dialog: Specifically the neural system. It
dialog: produced a condition called synesthesia.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Synesthesia...
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: A fusion of the senses, creating a
dialog: component awareness. Sixth sense,
dialog: s e c o n d sight, whatever you want to call
text: it. Its emergence seems to be arbitrary.
dialog: But it gives them experiences beyond
dialog: their functional parameters. And
text: ultimately... it destabilizes them.
dialog: However, if we catch it early enough we
dialog: can control it with re-conditioning.
text: Scheer absorbs this with a slow grin. Merrick looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: You find this amusing?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Poetic.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Poetic?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: This "agnate" took off just before his
dialog: sponsor placed an order. Maybe he got
dialog: the sense his days were numbered...
text: Merrick ' s composure cracks a little. He hadn't thought of this.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: This stays between you and me, Karl. I
dialog: trust I can rely on your cooperation?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Don't you mean my complicity?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: (hardening again)
dialog: Remind me, why is it you were
dialog: discharged from the military?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: What's your point?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Learn to be a team player, Karl. Or
dialog: you'll find yourself out of another
dialog: job.
text: Scheer rises, discarding the ethercuff onto Merrick's desk.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Nobody else would take it.
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: 49 INT. EXTRACTOR SHAFT
text: The deep steady thrum of the extractor fans. We are TIGHT ON the
text: frame of an airlock. Hissing, it indents and opens. Lincoln steps
text: through, eyes black and uncanny. The tri-key g l i n t i n g , dangling
text: from his fingers. Scanning around, he fixes on a section of wall.
text: He wipes off some soot. Legible beneath is a number. Twenty. He
text: assimilates this. Then turns his gaze up the extractor shaft.
scene_heading: 50 INT . ELEVATOR SHAFT
text: Looking up an elevator shaft. The red pulse of the lode-poles,
text: rippling downward as an elevator descends from the surface.
scene_heading: 51 INT . OUTER THRESHOLD - LEVEL THREE
text: A tiled chamber. Draped off cubicles. The elevator doors slide
text: open. An outsider emerges, dressed in a flightsuit, emblazoned
text: "Medical Courier". He announces himself, seemingly to no one-
speaker_heading: T H E COURIER
scene_heading: Clearance code: NG-230-2DS.
scene_heading: V O I C E ON SPEAKER
dialog: New Gaza Healthcare. Okay, you're
dialog: clear. Go ahead and get undressed.
scene_heading: 52 INT . DECONTAMINATION CHAMBER
text: The pressure door hisses, heaving open. The courier steps inside,
text: naked, covering his genitals, some goggles slung around his neck.
text: He takes position on two marked footpads and puts on the goggles-
speaker_heading: T H E COURIER
dialog: I tell you, I hate this fucking r u n . I
dialog: always leave this place with sunburn.
scene_heading: V O I C E ON SPEAKER
dialog: Try full-course decontamination. It's
dialog: even more fun. Especially the colonics.
text: The lights blink out. A red glow rises. Twin planes of light
text: scrape across the courier, infra-red, searing his epidermis.
scene_heading: 53 INT . INNER THRESHOLD - LEVEL THREE
text: A chamber like the first. The inner pressure door hisses open.
text: The courier emerges, dripping wet from a decon s h o w e r . He goes
text: to a cubicle, grabbing a towel and dries himself off. Laid out
text: within are some scrubs. Beside them is A STEEL COOLER, inset
text: with a thermostat and embossed with the crosshatch insignia.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: 54 INT. CORRIDOR - LEVEL THREE
text: The courier strolls up the corridor, now dressed in the scrubs
text: and carrying the cooler. He turns a corner and his footsteps
text: gradually fade out. A flat, sterile silence falls in his wake.
text: A metal squeal. A ventilation grid levers down from the ceiling.
text: A pause. Then a pair of feet drop through, legs, torso. Dropping
text: to the floor, Lincoln stands revealed. Sweaty, smeared black
text: with dust. For a moment he looks around to get his bearings.
text: Suddenly he freezes, hearing-
speaker_heading: A VOICE (O.S.)
text: C h e c k in at the nurse's station. Up
text: the corridor, left, then first right.
text: The footsteps are now coming back. Lincoln spins round. He finds
text: a door. A lock panel. A moment of panic. Then he fumbles the tri-
text: k e y f r o m his pocket, hurriedly slotting it into the lock panel.
scene_heading: 55 INT . THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DOOR - SECONDS LATER
text: Lincoln waits, ear to the door, listening as the footsteps pass
text: and fade out of earshot. Lincoln releases his breath in relief,
text: calming a little, then frowning as he registers another sound.
text: Very faint, rhythmic. He turns and looks around. The room is in
text: partial shadow. To one side is a row of seats, to the other, a
text: row of windows, covered by blinds, light creasing through. The
text: sound repeats. Muffled. But now unmistakably THE CRY OF A BABY.
scene_heading: 56 INT . HARVEST ROOM
text: A grid of bio-readouts, each square alive with graphs and digits.
text: The familiar baseline of a cardiograph. A lever-arm mounted with
text: an IV r e s e r v o i r , dangling tubes and wires onto the OR table.
text: We see A DOCTOR and A MIDWIFE, in whose arms A NEWBORN BABY
text: squirms and bawls. Lying on the table, we see THE MOTHER, her
text: feet up in stirrups, deeply flushed and puffing from exertion.
text: Marked by her crosshatch as an agnate, she has just given birth-
speaker_heading: THE AGNATE MOTHER
dialog: May I hold her?
speaker_heading: THE DOCTOR
dialog: We have to run a few tests on her first.
dialog: In the meantime, I'm going to give you
dialog: something to help you relax, okay?
text: Off his smile, the agnate mother nods, anxiously watching the
text: midwife wrap her baby in blanket. The doctor taps a button and
text: watches the IV reservoir misting with a pale colored fluid.
dialog: 46.
text: The cardiograph marks the drop as the fast-acting sedative takes
text: effect. The agnate mother watches drowsily as the midwife takes
text: her baby from the room. Then the cry of the newborn is shut out.
dialog: J u s t the cardiograph now, the beeps evening out, the scart o f
text: peaks shallowing a s the agnate mother falls asleep. The doctor
text: taps a button. On the grid, the face of a DESK NURSE appears.
speaker_heading: THE DOCTOR
dialog: I'm incubating the baby for 24 hours
dialog: prior to transport. But go ahead and
dialog: contact the sponsor. Tell her she has
text: a beautiful baby girl.
text: The nurse nods. The grid square goes blank. A pause. Then the
text: doctor taps another button. Text appears. Reading it, he cites-
speaker_heading: THE DOCTOR
dialog: Let the record show the sponsor has
dialog: signed Clause 22 of The Basic Sponsor-
dialog: s h i p Agreement. Initiate compliance.
text: A light starts blinking. The doctor walks stiffly out of the
text: room. The door hisses closed. The agnate mother is left alone.
text: Sleeping peacefully, blind to the fluid now seeping into her IV.
text: D e a f to the slowing beep of the cardiograph. The peaks of the
text: baseline falling. Spacing, fading, slowing, slowing, until...
text: The cardiograph flatlines. An d a sepulchral stillness falls. Our
text: angle widens with the growing emptiness. The lifelessness.
scene_heading: 57 INT . OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Lincoln looks down from above, eyes frozen in the slatted light.
text: His fingers are trembling, rattling the blinds against the glass.
scene_heading: 58 INT . CORRIDOR
text: Lincoln tumbles out of the door. He can't breathe, can't think,
text: his mind is in overload. He stumbles around like a wounded
text: animal. His focus suddenly and searingly r e t u r n s as he hears-
speaker_heading: DESK NURSE (O.S.)
dialog: Starkweather ? Like the football player?
scene_heading: 59 INT . NURSES STATION - LEVEL THREE - CONTINUOUS
text: A rotunda spoked by corridors. A console at its hub, manned by
text: the desk nurse we saw earlier. The courier stands over her-
speaker_heading: THE COURIER
dialog: That's right. Starkweather.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: DESK NURSE
dialog: Still showing in surgery. Sorry.
speaker_heading: THE COURIER
dialog: Honey, I got a bird on the pad and a
dialog: storm moving in. How long's it gonna be?
scene_heading: 60 INT . ANOTHER OPERATING ROOM
text: Another grid of readouts. Another cardiograph beeps. A spotlamp
text: illuminates the OR table and STARKWEATHER TWO-DELTA - his face,
text: slack with anesthesis, eyes rolling a little beneath the lids.
text: The rest of him under a sheet, cut out over the belly, the flesh
text: slit and parted by a clamp, framing a window into his innards.
text: Standing over him, mid-operation, A SURGEON and SURGICAL TECH.
text: Interrupted by a chime, the surgeon looks up at a screen, where
text: a panel flashes: "PAGING". He cradles his bloody gloves and
text: elbows a button. The face of the desk nurse resolves on screen-
speaker_heading: DESK NURSE (ON SCREEN)
dialog: The courier's here for pickup.
speaker_heading: THE SURGEON
dialog: Well he's going to have to wait a while.
dialog: It took forever to put this one under.
speaker_heading: SURGICAL TECH (O.S.)
dialog: Doctor...
speaker_heading: DESK NURSE (ON SCREEN)
dialog: He's asking for an ETA. Said something
text: about some kind of storm moving in.
speaker_heading: THE SURGEON
dialog: For Christ's sake, is that my fault?
dialog: Just find a way to stall him, okay?
speaker_heading: S U R G I C A L TECH (O.S.)
dialog: Doctor.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SURGICAL TECH
text: Subject's heart rate is spiking.
speaker_heading: SURGEON
dialog: Not again. Boost the anaesthetic lev...
text: Suddenly he's sprayed with blood a s the clamp springs loose from
text: the stomach, clattering to the floor. He's frozen by shock as...
dialog: 48.
text: Starkweather sits bolts upright. Dazed, he looks at the surgeon,
text: the tech, then down at his wide-open stomach. Instinctively, he
text: clutches it. Then, his mind assimilating the horror, he SCREAMS.
text: Now launching off the operating table, the lever-arm swinging
text: out, blindsiding t h e tech - tubes and wires snapping loose -
text: instruments flying - Starkweather lunges for the doorway - the
text: surgeon steps up to block him - only to be hurled aside...
scene_heading: 61 INT . CORRIDOR - LEVEL THREE
text: THE BLARE OF AN ALARM. Starkweather, clumping down the corridor,
text: clutching his open stomach, blood streaming down his legs. He's
text: delirious, running nowhere, anywhere, running blind. Reaching the
text: end of the corridor, he stops suddenly, seeing WHITE UNIFORMS.
text: He doubles back up the corridor. Kicking at doors with bare feet,
text: frantic for any means of escape. He spots a ventilator grid,
text: slightly open. He jumps, reaching for it. Once, twice, then his
text: feet slip from under him. He hits the floor with a damp splat.
text: TWO CENSORS turn the corner, ready for action. But there is
text: Starkweather, face-down in a starburst o f his own blood.
speaker_heading: CENSOR (INTO HEADSET)
dialog: Yeah, no sweat, subject is secured.
scene_heading: 62 INT . DUCTING - MINUTES LATER
text: POVCEILING VENTILATOR GRID. Looking down through the slits onto
text: Starkweather directly beneath. He now has a loose white hood over
text: his head. His wrists and ankles are bound by plastic cuffs. A
text: loop of intestine plumps out from his belly. His weight is such
text: that the Censors have to drag him away, leaving a bloodsmear o n
text: the floor. His guttural whimpers are the only sign of life.
text: CLOSEUP: Lincoln's face in part shadow, looking down. The gleam
text: of his eyes as Starkweather disappears from view. Listening now,
text: to those feeble whimpers, growing fainter, ever fainter until
text: they disappear from earshot. Silence again. Emptiness. All that
text: remains of Starkweather is a wending bloodsmear o n the floor.
text: SLOW FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 63 INT . BEDROOM - DAWN
text: The horizon. The green mountains in different aspect, framed by
text: a different window. The bedroom is like Lincoln's but with a few
text: feminine touches. Ester, in her papery pajamas, sits brushing
text: her hair. With a chime, etherscreen scales over her reflection:
scene_heading: - - E T H E R C A L L P E N D I N G ; ACCEPT OR SEND TO MESSAGE BANK?--
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Accept.
text: The etherscreen resolves Lincoln's face, dishevelled, urgent-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (ON ETHERSCREEN)
dialog: Ester . . . I have to talk to you.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Lincoln ? Are you okay? I was worried.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (ON ETHERSCREEN)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: The contamination warning. Somebody
dialog: said you'd been exposed.
text: Lincoln pauses to process this. Hunted, more cautious now-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (ON ETHERSCREEN)
dialog: I want you to meet me as soon as you
dialog: can. But you can't tell anyone.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Is it true? Were you contaminated?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (ON ETHERSCREEN)
dialog: You know where to come.
text: His face blinks out. Ester is left frowning at her reflection.
scene_heading: 64 INT . BEDROOM - LINCOLN'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Lincoln stares at his own mirror image. His eyes, fraught with
text: revelation. His clothes, begrimed with dirt and blood. He rests
text: his head against the etherscreen panel, shuddering, pressing his
text: eyes tightly closed. As if he could ever forget what he's seen.
scene_heading: 65 INT . CENTERVILLE - DAY
text: The routine flow of residents up the avenue. Lincoln walks, head
text: bowed, trying to look inconspicuous. Showered, white shirt and
text: blue slacks under his shearling, he looks a little too scrubbed,
text: too clean. He spots a familiar figure up ahead. He catches up.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Jonesy. . .
text: J o n e s lets him fall into step with a look of mild curiosity-
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Hey, champ. Are you alright? I heard
dialog: there was a contamination scare.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I saw what happened to him.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Starkweather . . . What they did to him.
text: Jones huffs, dismissively. Lincoln grabs his shoulder, ardent-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: They cut him open, Jonesy. The y took
text: him upstairs and they cut him open.
text: Jones holds his gaze a moment, then shrugs off his grip.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You caught that fucking p a t h o g e n ,
dialog: didn't you? You're contaminated.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: J o n e s y , listen to me...
text: But Jones just backs away. Lincoln makes to follow. Then stops
text: dead in his tracks. Across the avenue, TWO CENSORS are on patrol
text: and his best friend is now heading towards them. With a barren,
text: torn grimace, Lincoln turns away and melts back into the crowd.
scene_heading: 66 INT . COMMUNITY CENTER - CENTERVILLE - LATER
text: R i n g s of empty seats round the empty stage. Ester enters warily,
text: walking up the aisle. Lincoln waits in the shadows. He checks to
text: see she hasn't been followed. Then steps forward. Ester recoils-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Please . . . don't come any closer. I
dialog: don't want to get contaminated.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Ester, I'm not contaminated.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: But they said...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I'm not contaminated!
dialog: 51.
text: His shout echoes through the empty auditorium. Ester looks at
text: him, alarmed by his vehemence. Lincoln calms himself a little-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Contaminants, pathogens... it's just
dialog: what they tell us to keep us inside.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I saw it. Why they keep us here. To
dialog: use us. To take things from us.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: You're not making sense.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Your baby... they're going to take
dialog: your baby away... you understand?
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: M y baby? Why would they do that?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I don't know! But I saw it!
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: You're scaring me, Lincoln...
dialog: I want to go back now.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: You can't go back! Don't you get it?
speaker_heading: A VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: N o b o d y move! Stay right where you are!
text: A CENSOR steps through, stopgun l e v e l l e d . Ester freezes. Lincoln
text: hovers, mind racing. The censor moves in, tightening aim on him.
text: Ester looks on anxiously as he approaches Lincoln. Lincoln now
text: sees the censor pulling out some plastic cuffs. The same cuffs
text: used on Starkweather, promising the same fate... TRIGGERING HIM--
text: LINCOLN LUNGES AT THE CENSOR - ramming him - toppling him across
text: the seats - knocking the stopgun f r o m his grasp - recoiling as--
text: THE CENSOR RETALIATES - driving a knee into his groin, doubling
text: him over - then a knee to his head - THUDDING INTO HIS SKULL-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Don't hurt him!
dialog: 52.
text: ESTER RUNS UP grabbing at the white uniform, trying to restrain
text: him - the censor swats her blindly - hitting her in the stomach--
text: LINCOLN SPINS ROUND at the sound of Ester's yelp - only to be
text: roundhoused b y the censor - the blow sending him to the floor--
text: Ester DOUBLED OVER - wincing at the pain - clutching her belly
text: instinctively, protectively - an ominous scowl knotting her face-
text: THE CENSOR PUNISHING LINCOLN - kicking him down the aisle - then
text: suddenly hearing a noise from behind - turning to face it as --
text: - B O O M - A GUNBLAST R I P S THE AIR. The brief wail of a hookhead.
text: - T H U D - THE CENSOR RECOILING - lurching as the hookhead b i t e s -
text: starting to gag - blood jetting from his neck - a hookhead
text: c l a w e d into his jugular - gurgling, collapsing to the floor--
text: Ester STANDING FROZEN - holding the stopgun - seeing Lincoln now
text: getting up - she drops the stopgun l i k e it's on fire, aghast-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Lincoln?
text: L i k e she's asking him what she did... Silence - the rasp of the
text: censor, blood foaming - another sound - FOOTFALLS. Lincoln goes
text: to the door - an IMMINENT MASS OF WHITE UNIFORMS. He grabs Ester-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: RUN!!!
scene_heading: 67 INT . FOYER - THE COMMUNITY CENTER
text: CENSORS BURSTING IN - led by Scheer, pushing through into the
text: main hall - the statue of Dr. Sanger looking serenely down--
scene_heading: 68 INT . MAINTENANCE CORRIDOR - BEHIND THE COMMUNITY CENTER
text: A HISS OF DEPRESSURIZATION - a pressure door swings open - Lincoln
text: and Ester tumbling through - running up the maintenance corridor--
scene_heading: 69 INT . COMMUNITY CENTER - MOMENTS LATER
text: CENSORS FANNING OUT - sweeping the hall, stopguns r e a d y - Scheer
text: finds the fallen Censor - crouches to examine him, then-
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Somebody get someone down here!
text: A Censor splits off to join him, tapping his headset - Scheer
text: rises again - in his eyes, detachment yields to cold intensity--
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: 70 INT. VARIOUS CORRIDORS - CONTAINMENT INFRASTRUCTURE
text: THE CENSORS: flooding through into the maintenance corridor, in
text: their white uniforms, they seem like a swarm of antibodies--
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER: deeper in, at another pressure door, fumbling
text: the trikey i n t o the lock. A tense second. The lock hisses open--
text: SCHEER : pushes through the opening gap of another pressure door,
text: taking the lead, his Censors surging up in his wake --
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER: meeting an intersection, veering at random,
text: running blind, running deeper into the faceless labyrinth--
text: SCHEER : catching up, hitting the intersection, pausing to split
text: his squad in each direction - white uniforms dispersing--
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER: reaching another pressure door. Footsteps
text: audible. Lincoln jams the tri-key i n t o the lock. And waits. The
text: seconds pass. But the door doesn't open. Lincoln looks around
text: for another exit. Ester looks at him in mounting panic then--
text: THE PRESSURE DOOR OPENS: not onto a corridor but an elevator
text: car. Pulling Ester inside, Lincoln finds an array of buttons.
text: His fingers hovers, uncertain which to press. So he punches all
text: of them, stabbing madly, trying to prompt the door to close.
text: SCHEER : turns a corner, seeing his quarry at the far end of the
text: corridor, he gathers pace. The elevator is closing but he doesn't
text: break stride. He deftly taps his headset, opening a channel to--
speaker_heading: SCHEER (ON HEADSET)
dialog: Ethercon! The elevator - override it!
dialog: Do you read me? Bring it back down!
scene_heading: 71 INT . ETHER CONTROL ROOM
text: Ethercon is working the console keys like a madman. His gaze
text: flitting to a subgrid o f the complex, spinning the angles,
text: navigating the mesh of lines. His voice comes apologetically-
speaker_heading: ETHERCON (INTO HEADSET)
dialog: You're off the grid, sir. Give me a
dialog: second. Can you tell me where you are?
text: He recoils at the blaring volume of the response.
scene_heading: 72 INT . CORRIDOR - OUTSIDE THE ELEVATOR
text: Scheer stands with his Censors, poised, watching the panel chart
text: the elevator's descent. A light flashes and the doors open. They
text: level their stopguns o n . . . nothing. The elevator is empty.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: SCHEER (INTO HEADSET)
dialog: Foundation Levels - all of them. Lock
dialog: them down. Access only on my command.
scene_heading: 73 INT . FOUNDATION LEVEL
text: A dead acoustic. A corridor paved with sound proofing panels. It
text: ends at a pressure door, where Lincoln and Ester now arrive.
text: Lincoln looks back to the elevator at the other end. No going
text: back. He slots the tri-key into the lock. The door hisses open.
scene_heading: 74 INT . FOUNDATION CHAMBERS
text: Amber light. The sound of slow bubbling. Lincoln and Ester pause
text: to adjust to the gloom. They are in a hall of windows. Ester is
text: the first to venture forth, as if drawn, to the nearest window.
text: Behind the glass is a foundation tank. Bubbling with viscous
text: fluid, laced with various tubes pulsing matter to and fro. The
text: tubes connect to a form. A human form, an adult form but curled
text: foetally. I t is known as a "nascent". In this tank is a female
text: nascent, shifting slightly, causing Ester to gasp. The nascent
text: registers the noise, turning its head. Its eyelids are closed but
text: its eyeballs move, questioning. A slight furrow appears on its
text: crosshatched brow. Ester recoils in sudden horror, perhaps
text: remembering on some deep level that this is where she came from.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Ester ! Come on!
text: Spurred to action, Ester follows Lincoln onward up the hall.
text: Still conscious of movement all around, of nascents stirring at
text: the sound of their footfalls like the ripples of a nightmare.
scene_heading: 75 INT . FOUNDATION CHAMBER
text: A STOPGUN n o s e s through the door. Followed by Scheer moving in
text: silence, honed. How much time has passed is unclear. He signals
text: his censors to split off. Tracking Scheer's advance, we INTERCUT:
text: ANOTHER FOUNDATION CHAMBER: Censors making their sweep. Strobes
text: of light from an armature mechanism moving up the row of tanks.
text: It angles to project a grid across each nascent's face, then
text: fires a short laser burst, searing a crosshatch into the brow.
text: ANOTHER FOUNDATION CHAMBER: another contingent moves up another
text: row of foundation tanks. The nascents within have cables plugged
text: into their ears, filaments pulsing. The nascents a r e in a posture
text: of rigor, sinews straining as they accept the data impression.
text: RETURNING TO SCHEER as he reaches the end of the first chamber.
text: No further access, just a continuing wrap of foundation tanks.
text: He pauses, confused for a second. One of the censors comes up-
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CENSOR
dialog: Nothing , sir. No sign.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: They can't have got past this level.
text: Scheer peels off his headset, giving full leash to his senses,
text: straining to concentrate. Seconds of pent silence. Then he hears
text: a faint humming. His gaze slowly drifts up to a ventilator grid.
scene_heading: 76 INT . / EXT . THE FUNNEL - NIGHT
text: A POV LOOKING UP. The funnel mouth framing a vista of the world
text: outside. A hostile vista of black sky, maelstroms of sand. The
text: sound of blasting air, suborned to the giant howl of a DUSTSTORM.
text: A HAND. Reaching over the funnel lip as Lincoln pulls himself up
text: with a mighty effort. Blinking, blinded by the sand, he swings
text: astride the lip. Then he reaches down to pull Ester up. Ester
text: gains the lip and likewise swings astride, coughing, blinking.
text: T H E DUSTY EARTH as Lincoln leaps down to meet it. We track up as
text: he helps Ester down from the funnel. Her feet meeting the earth,
text: we are now in CU o n their faces. Gaping and blinking at the
text: prospect of the world outside. A world of darkness and storm.
text: SUDDEN BLINDING LIGHT as halogens explode the darkness. Lincoln
text: shields his eyes, scanning for their source. He spots a large
text: cubic building, banks of spotlights on the roof. He pulls Ester
text: away. Away from the lights and towards the safety of darkness.
scene_heading: 77 INT . EXTRACTOR SHAFT
text: T H E THRUM OF EXTRACTOR FANS. Scheer pacing on a catwalk. White
text: uniforms above and below, flashlights roving, sliced by the
text: blades of the extractor fans. From somewhere, comes a shout-
speaker_heading: C E N S O R (O.S.)
dialog: Sir ! We got em! Motion sensors just
dialog: picked them up at the surface!
scene_heading: 78 EXT . FRONT OF THE INSTITUTE - NIGHT
text: ANOTHER BURST OF HALOGENS. More spotlights engage, their blaze
text: flooding across the foreview, catching two figures; Lincoln and
text: Ester, running, now, veering sharply away from the light. Now
text: disappearing from sight, dropping into the trench of the lodeway.
scene_heading: 79 INT . MAINTENANCE ELEVATOR - CONTAINMENT
text: THE RISING HUM OF THE LODE-POLES. The elevator crammed with
text: censors. Scheer at the front, staring ahead. He looks very
text: focused, bitterly so. The look of a man outwitted by lab rats.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. THE LODEWAY - NIGHT
text: THE DARKNESS OF THE TRENCH. Lincoln and Ester running along the
text: lode-way, stumbling over the buffers. Above them, the dust
text: flails in lashing tongues, starkly depicted by the halogens.
scene_heading: 81 EXT . PROCESSING PLANT - NIGHT
text: WHITE UNIFORMS IN THE NIGHT - censors spill forth into the
text: halogen light, splitting in all directions. Scheer suddenly
text: notices the corona of light from the front of the complex. He
text: barks something inaudible to his men, launching into a run.
scene_heading: 82 EXT . THE GATEWAY - NIGHT
text: THE GATEWAY LOOMING ABOVE. Beneath, Lincoln and Ester, on their
text: knees, clawing at the dust. Like burrowing animals, trying to
text: widen the gap between the foot of the gate and the lodeway.
scene_heading: 83 EXT . FRONT OF THE INSTITUTE - NIGHT
text: A LONE WHITE UNIFORM. As Scheer reaches the forecourt, stopping
text: to scan the spotlit view, the veils of the duststorm. His face
text: tightening with urgency. Suddenly he taps his headset, barking-
speaker_heading: S C H E E R (INTO HEADSET)
dialog: The lodeway! Flood it! Light it up!
scene_heading: 84 EXT . THE GATEWAY - NIGHT
text: THE RISING HUM OF THE LODE-POLES barely audible over the storm.
text: Lincoln and Ester, washed by pulsing red light. Ester recoiling,
text: her arm flinging back from the pull. Lincoln grabbing her, his
text: own arm straining now. The polarity tugging their ethercuffs.
scene_heading: 85 EXT . THE LODEWAY - NIGHT
text: THE RED WASH OF LIGHT from the lodeway as Scheer races up the
text: edge, eyes trawling the trench for his quarry. His pace now
text: suddenly dropping, slowing to a halt. He doubles over, catching
text: his breath. More white uniforms now appear from the dust as the
text: Censors, unable to match his pace, finally catch up. The first
text: reaching him, Scheer pulls upright, bellowing over the wind-
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: G e t me a bird!
speaker_heading: CENSOR
dialog: A bird?! In this storm?!
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: The y got out! They got past the gate!
dialog: 57.
text: Scheer spins on his heel back towards The Institute. The Censor
text: lingers, confused. Then he fixes on the lodeway. Floating past
text: in the red wash are the luminous blue seams of two ethercuffs.
scene_heading: 86 EXT . THE DESERT - NIGHT
text: The perimeter wall silhouetted in the middle-distance. Lincoln
text: and Ester scramble through the scrub, blinded by dust, driven by
text: momentum. As Ester starts lagging behind, Lincoln grabs her arm-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Ester ! We have to keep going!
text: But Ester resists him, breaking loose from his grasp. Lincoln
text: looks at her, uncomprehending. Until he sees her expression, the
text: harrowed stare in her eyes, the labored heaving of her chest.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Ester?
text: Ester staggers back, losing balance, reeling as if spun by the
text: storm. Her eyes widening, senses flooding. The howling wind, the
text: swirling dustclouds, the pendent gulf of black sky. Her reel
text: returning her to face Lincoln, Ester opens her mouth to speak.
text: But all that comes is A SCREAM. A scream from deep within, shrill
text: and hysterical, the only articulation she can find. Lincoln grabs
text: her and covers her mouth. Fighting to stifle her, rocking to her
text: convulsions. But Ester keeps screaming. A scream of everything.
scene_heading: 87 INT . BEDROOM - SOMEWHERE - LATE NIGHT
text: All is still. Just a muted shudder of wind on glass. The room is
text: in shadow. All we see is a canopied bed where a figure,
text: obscured, lies sleeping. The still is disrupted by a chime. The
text: figure stirs, fumbling at the nightstand. A holoframe resolves,
text: the light revealing Dr. Sanger, rumpled by sleep. He peers into
text: the holoframe to find the face of Merrick, gaunt with concern-
speaker_heading: Merrick (ON HOLOFRAME)
dialog: He n r y . . . There's been a breach.
text: H A R D CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: SLOW FADE UP:
scene_heading: 88 EXT . THE RED ROCKS - DAWN
text: A horizon. A brim of dawn over the red rocks. The view is framed
text: by the mouth of a cave. Lincoln sleeps within, slumped against
text: the rock, his head bowed heavily. The touch of first light opens
text: his eyes. His brow creasing, as if waking from a bad dream into
text: a worse reality. He looks around only to find himself alone. He
text: gets up, a little shaky at first, then ventures out of the cave.
dialog: 58.
text: He emerges onto a ledge, perhaps fifty feet up. He pauses, eyes
text: adjusting to the quality of light. He sees the storm has reduced
text: to a low wind, combing the floorland o f scrub. Now, across the
text: ledge, he sees Ester. Perched on an outcrop, hugging her knees,
text: watching the sunrise over the desert. He crosses and lowers to a
text: crouch beside her. Ester turns to him with a confused frown-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: W h e r e did all the green go?
text: Lincoln looks deep into her troubled eyes. He answers gently-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
text: The r e is no green. The windows in
dialog: there... they were just pictures.
text: Ester absorbs this with difficulty. Lincoln rises again and
text: stands looking out across the desert, into the barren unknown.
scene_heading: 89 EXT . THE SKY OVER THE DESERT - MORNING
text: From the massive sky grows a glinting shape. Like a helicopter
text: but sleeker, aquiline. Without combustion, its only noise is the
text: sibilance of blades slicing air. It is known as a "whisper".
scene_heading: 90 INT . WHISPER - MORNING
text: The pilot jockeys with the thermals. Scheer rides shotgun. Now
text: in civvies, scanning the terrain with electronic binoculars. The
text: flight console beeps. He taps a keypad. A holoframe resolves:
speaker_heading: CENSOR (ON HOLOFRAME)
text: Ground team checking in.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: CENSOR (ON HOLOFRAME)
dialog: The storm pretty much covered their
dialog: tracks. We're scanning for thermals
dialog: b u t the hotter it gets, the harder it
dialog: is to isolate a heat signature. I don't
dialog: know, sir, it's a big desert out there.
scene_heading: 91 EXT . CHASM - THE RED ROCKS - DAY
text: The desert sun clefts the chasm into light and shadow. Lincoln
text: trudges into view, Ester lagging behind. He stops to let her
text: catch up, only to watch her slump onto a rock. He allows her a
text: moment to rest and walks to where the chasm comes to an end.
dialog: 59.
text: He surveys the terrain. His eyes roam the carpet of scrub, now
text: narrowing on an inconsistency. A faint strip where nothing seems
text: to grow. Tracing its lineage, he walks a few feet out. Then
text: drops to a crouch and starts clawing away at the dust.
text: His fingers meet something hard. He sweeps off the dust to expose
text: a layer of concrete. Continuing, revealing the ghost of a line.
dialog: What we might recognize as a lane marker but a curiosity to him.
text: Continuing, opening a window in the dust. Now his fingers snag
text: o n something. He tugs it and it gives a little, dust crumbling to
text: reveal a section of rusted chainlink. A corner of metal is
text: visible. Lincoln exposes the rest. A sign, barely legible: "US
text: Government - Restricted Area". He frowns, trying to assimilate.
text: Ester comes up to join him. Off her anxious look, he decides-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I think I've found a path.
scene_heading: 92 EXT . THE GREEN MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: W h i t e rock blanketed by stands of fir and ponderosa pine. A
text: whisper skims over the treecaps, circling in on a high shelf.
text: Here, remotely nestled in a clearing, stands a glass villa.
scene_heading: 93 INT . THE GLASS VILLA - DAY
text: The flood of light, the majestic view lend an air of beatitude.
text: The decor is minimalist with Native American accents, kokopelli
text: spirits in carved silhouette. Dr. Sanger stands at a glass wall,
text: looking out across the green mountain valley. On the sofa sits
text: Merrick, now in civvies, still gaunt from worry. The air stirs
text: as a maid ushers in A WOMAN - 30's, all business, sharp blue
text: eyes, a severe, mannish coiffure. Her name is ELLEN CROWNE.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Good morning, gentlemen.
speaker_heading: SANGER
dialog: Bernard, this is Ellen Crowne from our
dialog: legal department. Ellen, this is
dialog: Bernard Merrick, director of products.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Thank you for coming out here.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Well when Henry called me I got the
dialog: sense it wasn't for a social visit.
text: They settle at a table. A jug of icewater a n d glasses laid out.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: I understand there was an incident?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: First, let me stress there's no way we
dialog: could have anticipated what happened...
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: We're on the same team, Mr. Merrick.
dialog: Just give me the facts down-and-dirty.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: (uneasy, clears his throat)
dialog: We'v e lost two of our products. They
dialog: escaped containment last night.
text: Crowne casts a troubled look at Sanger. Merrick quickly adds-
dialog: Merrick (cont'd)
dialog: However, we have all available
dialog: resources dedicated to the search.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: How exactly did this happen?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: We'r e still piecing it together.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Do we expect more products to escape?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: Don't be so alarmist, Ellen.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: I'm sorry, Henry, but you asked me
dialog: here to assess our liabilities.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: To answer your question, we condition
dialog: our products with a deterrent. A fear of
dialog: contamination. And thereby of the outer
dialog: environment. So to escape, they first
dialog: have to escape their conditioning.
text: Crowne pauses to absorb this and to light a slim black cigarette.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Containment is one of the terms of our
dialog: state health license. The fact it was
dialog: compromised could put us in violation.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: Bureaucracy.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Henry , it was a bloody battle getting
dialog: our license through in the first place.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: They're not going to pull our license,
dialog: Ellen. We have a lot of friends on the
dialog: Commission. Not to mention the goodwill
dialog: we earned in DC when we took over the
dialog: facility; a bunker complex for a bio-
dialog: chemical war that never happened... We
dialog: relieved them of a costly embarrassment.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: I'm not sure we can rely on that.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: Alright . What do you suggest?
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: First, I need you to level with me.
dialog: What are our chances of finding them?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Well, in our favor, they've never been
dialog: outside containment. They'd have no
dialog: coordinates, no sense of direction.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: I don't see how that's in our favor.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
text: They're in the middle of the desert.
text: Food and water become an issue.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: So they might return to the trough?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Possibly.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: And if not? How long could they last?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: A few days maybe. But there is another
dialog: variable. We maintain the products in a
dialog: sterile environment. So basically their
dialog: immune systems are untested. Toxins,
dialog: pathogens, environmentals t h e rest of
dialog: us overcome routinely, to them...
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: That's a little drastic. Some immune
dialog: systems are more adaptive than others.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Let's take the drastic case. What then?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Well . . . the male, we could cover. Fast-
dialog: track another generation before the
dialog: sponsor ever needed access. The female
dialog: comes under the maternity plan. She's
dialog: three months pregnant. Even if we fast-
dialog: tracked another generation, we couldn't
dialog: fast-track the pregnancy. We'd miss the
dialog: delivery date, the sponsor would wonder
dialog: why and there would be... difficulties.
text: Crowne looks worried. Sanger pours a glass of icewater.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: Even so, the worst may not happen.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: We haven't even touched on the worst. If
dialog: these products reach a populated area,
dialog: there's the problem of scrutiny.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: Ellen , we operate under State license on
dialog: a lease from the Federal Government...
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: ( c u t s him off, harshly)
dialog: We slipped through a loophole in the
dialog: clone laws, Henry. And they only let
dialog: u s through because they smelt money.
dialog: And they gave us a government basement
dialog: to cover their own a s s e s not ours. It's
dialog: at the core of our license - why we
dialog: screen potential sponsors, why we make
dialog: them sign discretion agreements, why
dialog: containment is such a critical factor -
dialog: to limit the extent of public scrutiny.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: E i t h e r way, it's unlikely they'd get
dialog: that far. It's at least twenty miles to
dialog: the next settlement. Right, Bernard?
text: Merrick hesitates before nodding his assent. Crowne pounces on it-
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Something to add, Mr. Merrick?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I just don't think we should under-
dialog: estimate them. Especially the male.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: And I don't think we should panic.
text: He cautions Merrick with a discreet look, then shakes a pill
text: from a bottle. Crowne looks forward to both men. Very serious.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Gentlemen, whatever happens we need
dialog: t o keep one thing clearly in mind. As
dialog: far as the world at large goes, we are
dialog: just another medical services company.
dialog: Anything that alters that perception
dialog: puts us at risk. And we cannot rely on
dialog: the sanction of the law to protect us.
dialog: Whenever and wherever and in whatever
dialog: condition we recover these products, we
dialog: have to stay beyond reproach. All it
dialog: takes is one nudge to put us in the
dialog: spotlight. Then you'll see how fast
dialog: politicians can run for cover.
text: Merrick shifts, uneasy. Sanger takes the pill with a bitter smile-
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I n other words we need to find them
dialog: o r else. That's very astute, Ellen.
scene_heading: 94 EXT . DESERT HIGHWAY - SUNSET
text: The dust swirls and puffs across a highway of yesteryear. A dirt
text: track but for patches of exposed concrete and angles of buckled
text: lampposts. The empty path reaches to a blood-red sunset.
scene_heading: 95 EXT . SCRAPYARD - SUNSET
text: The dust skims over mountains of rusted scrap. Nestled in the
text: mountains is a shack. A sign creaks in the breeze "Osmund D e e r ,
text: Licensed Salvage Merchant". On the porch sits an old man in a
text: greasy ballcap a n d dungarees. This is the eponymous owner, OZZIE.
text: He's sitting on a lounger, surveying his empire, enjoying a beer
text: and a cigarette. Exhaling a drag of smoke, his eyes crease to a
text: squint. He sees something through the smoke, silhouetted against
text: the sunset. An approaching figure, wary, like a flighty animal.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Hello?
text: The silhouetted figure doesn't answer, just stares back at him.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Can I help you?
text: This seems to get a response. The figure ventures closer. We
text: recognize Lincoln. Exhausted, dust-covered and dry-throated -
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: My friend... she needs water.
scene_heading: 96 INT . BACK ROOM - THE SHACK - SUNSET
text: A mass of technology and furniture from recent and distant past.
text: Lincoln lowers Ester onto a threadbare sofa. Ozzie, excited to
text: have visitors, bustles up with a water gallon, pouring a glass.
text: Lincoln takes it and tips it to Ester's lips. She coughs it out
text: at first. Then takes the glass and starts drinking with vigor.
text: Ozzie sets down the water gallon in front of his visitors. Then
text: settles in an armchair and cracks open a beer. It lends the mood,
text: albeit strained, of a social visit. Lonely old Ozzie wanting to
text: make it so. Despite which, both men have an eye on each other.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Got stuck in that supercell, didya?
text: Lincoln eyes him, wary of the question. Ozzie reads confusion-
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Supercellstorm , that's what they call
dialog: it on the news anyways. I n my day, we
dialog: just called `em "big ol' h o w l e r s " .
text: Ozzie chuckles to himself. It seems to put his visitor at ease.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Yep, I heard it shut down some of the
dialog: lodeways. Dust in the works, I guess.
dialog: Where were you folks headed anyways?
text: Lincoln gulps down some water, deciding an answer. Then ventures-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Away.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: A w a y ? You mean, like outta s t a t e ?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: " O u t of state"...
dialog: 65.
text: The term is meaningless to Lincoln but he likes the sound of it.
text: Ozzie grins. This is starting to feel like a real social visit.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: N o w where's my manners gone? I'm Ozzie.
dialog: Osmund r e a l l y . But folks call me Ozzie.
text: An awkward lull as Ozzie waits for his visitor to reciprocate.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: S o m e t i m e s I like to make a joke of it,
dialog: my last name bein' D e e r . . . "O. Deer".
text: O z z i e chuckles but the pun seems lost on his visitor. He lets it
text: drop. The awkward silence returns. Lincoln drinks the water,
text: wondering if this strange old man is as harmless as he appears.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: We l l now, looks like yer g i r l f r i e n d ' s
dialog: made herself at home.
text: Lincoln looks at Ester, slumped over, asleep on the sofa. Ozzie
text: puts a finger to his lips, beckoning his visitor out of the room.
scene_heading: 97 EXT . SCRAPYARD - DUSK
text: The porch light comes on, casting the scrapyard in grades of
text: light and shadow. Ozzie steps out onto the porch, lighting a
text: cigarette. His visitor hovering at the threshold, he offers the
text: pack. Lincoln steps out and takes one. Ozzie lights it for him-
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Yer girlfriend sure is pretty.
text: His visitor looks at him curiously. Ozzie misinterprets that
dialog: he's said something out of turn. Time to change the subject-
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: So what's with them tattoos, huh?
text: He taps his forehead. Lincoln fingers his crosshatch, suddenly
text: aware of it now and suspicious of the question. Ozzie palliates-
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Hey , in the eye of the beholder, right?
dialog: Now this place, this is beautiful to
dialog: me. This is my place. I own it. `May
dialog: not look like much but you'd be
dialog: surprised. C'mon, lemme show you...
text: Ozzie moseys into the scrapyard, beckoning his visitor. Lincoln
text: hesitates, then follows him, sensing it's better to play along.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: M o s t a t h i s heavy stuff's industrial
dialog: scrap. Comes in from all over. Easy way
dialog: round the recyclin' l a w s . Me, I sell it
text: on to the boondock b o y s for meltdown.
dialog: Other stuff, I pick up at the scrap
dialog: markets. Fix it up, `fetches a price.
text: The y reach a vehicle shell. A rust-pocked chassis, canted on its
dialog: axle, we might recognize it as an automobile from our own era.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Fossil fuel transport. This piece o'
dialog: junk's a collector's item. All that
dialog: Age of the Wheel nostalgia, "elegant
dialog: era of transport" bullshit. I find the
dialog: parts, she's as good as solid gold.
text: Ozzie pats his investment and moves to another rusted metal pile.
text: Steepled by rail tracks, we see elevator sheaves, tension cables.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Now this here's got a colorful history.
dialog: Came in from this ol' g o v e r n m e n t bunker
dialog: out in the valley. `Got shut down way
dialog: back. Then this new outfit took over,
dialog: stripped the place out. I guess they're
dialog: doin' s o m e more remodelling cause I
dialog: just had `em in again the other day...
dialog: ( a tug of smoke, reflective)
dialog: Hump`n dump crew. Nice fellas.
text: Lincoln frowns. The term is familiar. The taste of smoke, a hint.
text: But his memory has been clouded by trauma. Ozzie reads his face-
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: You okay there?
text: Lincoln looks at him, something breaking the clouds. A sense of
text: danger, indistinct. Suddenly cautious, he stubs his cigarette-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I'm going to check on my friend.
scene_heading: 98 INT . FRONT ROOM - THE SHACK - DUSK
text: A front room turned into a front office. Piles of paper teeter
text: atop junk furniture. A bankers lap we might recognize from our
text: own era glows over a desk where Ozzie is rummaging, looking for
text: something. He stops to peer through and check on his visitors-
dialog: 67.
text: The woman still lies asleep on the sofa. The man is sitting
text: beside her armchair, head bowed, seemingly plunged in thought.
text: O z z i e resumes rummaging to find a crumpled delivery note. He
text: reviews it for a moment. Then quickly clears away some more
text: papers to uncover a keypad device. It is known as a "holocom".
text: He taps a key and a holoframe resolves. Then taps in some digits
text: from the delivery note. The holoframe snows with static. Then a
text: crosshatch insignia appears, spinning in 3D:
speaker_heading: RECORDED VOICE (ON HOLOCOM)
dialog: Welcome to The Sanger Institute. If you
dialog: know your party's extension, press...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (O.S.)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Ozzie jerks round to find his visitor suddenly standing there.
text: He fumbles on the holocom keypad and the crosshatch blinks out.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: Nuthin . I wasn't doin nuthin .
text: Lincoln frowns, the sense of danger becoming more distinct.
text: Ozzie reads his visitor's troubled expression, realizing-
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: I knew it... them clothes... them
dialog: weird tattoos... I mean, I heard
dialog: stories from those guys but I never...
text: O f f his visitor's frown, Ozzie bites his tongue. He's cornered
dialog: in this cramped space with a freak of science. Time to backpedal-
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: N o t that I believe `em... buncha c r a z y
dialog: stories... nuthin t o do with you...
text: He chuckles feebly. But his visitor just stares back at him,
text: pupils dilated and dark, somehow inhuman. Time to wriggle out-
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: W h a d d y a s a y we just forget about it,
dialog: huh? How about I go getcha a beer?
text: He makes a move past but his visitor doesn't budge. Lincoln
text: senses danger in this old man, whose fear is now manifest-
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: What e v e r you want... Just take it...
dialog: Whaddya w a n t . . . ? You want money...?
dialog: 68.
text: His visitor frowns. Ozzie quickly unlocks a cashbox. He grabs
text: some colored plastic cards and offers them like meat to a lion.
speaker_heading: OZZIE
dialog: I t ' s all I got... Take it... just
dialog: please... just don't hurt me...
text: His visitor takes a blue card, inspecting it like a curiosity.
text: Then steps closer. Ozzie shrinks back. An ominous moment, then-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: " O u t of state" - how do I get there?
dialog: O f f Ozzie's cowering and confused look, we -
speaker_heading: C U T TO:
scene_heading: 99 EXT . SKY OVER THE DESERT - NIGHT
text: F r o m darkness grows a seed of light. The whisper flies low and
text: quiet, its spotlight roving the undulant desert. Now picking out
text: metal glints as it banks over a scrapyard. Now training its beam
text: on a figure in the dust whirl beneath. Ozzie, his hair flying
text: wild, gesticulating madly. The whisper follows his directions,
text: nosing onwards, its spotlight corrugating across the red rocks.
scene_heading: 100 EXT . SHUTTLE STOP - NIGHT
text: I n the middle of nowhere, a canopied platform. Not unlike the sub-
text: w a y platform, it borders a deeply trenched lodeway. A wave of dust
text: rolls in, swelled by the whisper, landed beyond. It seems to bring
text: Scheer to the platform. He scans around for a clue, a footprint
text: perhaps. But somehow he already knows. He looks up the lodeway,
text: eyes honing. The deep black line stretches far into the night.
scene_heading: 101 INT . THE GLASS VILLA - NIGHT
text: Silence. Still. Sanger sits nursing a cup of herb tea. Crowne
text: sits smoking. Stubs in the ashtray speak of long hours waiting.
text: The still is broken as Merrick emerges from an adjacent room.
text: Sanger and Crowne look up, expectant. Merrick closes the door
text: with slow care. Then he faces them, a grim tenor in his voice-
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Bad news.
scene_heading: 102 EXT . PHOENIX - NIGHT
text: The whisper slices the night, running lights blinking. We pan to
text: frame it against a skyline of black towers. A glittering row of
text: domes and spires, somehow celestial, touching the sky. The city
text: bears no trace of its origins, once built over Indian ruins, now
text: rebuilt, subsumed by urban overhaul. It has become a metropolis.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: 103 INT. ROOFTOP NIGHTCLUB - PHOENIX
text: A glass dome, faceted, insectile. A haut-monde h i v e . The movers
text: and shakers of the high-tech boomtown drinking, dancing. Shot
text: waitresses dose blue tequila. Bass music thuds like a heartbeat.
text: Scheer looks out of place here but the crowd's too self-absorbed
text: to care. He moves through them, invisibly, towards a corner booth.
text: TWO MEN IN SUITS sit with a bottle of blue tequila. The first is
text: bald, pale and dead-looking, he'd be the grim reaper but for his
text: fixed leer. The second is long-haired, bearded, hulking, more of
text: a grim ploughman. He has a metal brace screwed into his forearm.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Which one of you is Diggs?
speaker_heading: DIGGS (THE BALD MAN)
dialog: That's me, slick. This here's my
dialog: partner Burdon. Don't mind him. He
text: gets a little shy around strangers.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: What happened to his arm?
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: `Pursuit last week. The guy took a
text: swing at him with a fireaxe. Didn't
dialog: stop Burdie though . `Took down that
dialog: fucker with one arm, didn't you?
text: Burdon sips his drink. Scheer, underwhelmed, takes a seat.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: You don't look like bounty hunters.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Well we're on the job, see? And it
dialog: kind of helps if you bleed in. You
dialog: don't look like a bondman either.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I'm just an intermediary.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Now that's what people use when they
dialog: don't want to get their hands dirty.
text: He grins, cannily. Scheer grimaces, a pro suffering an amateur.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I was told you also handled civil
dialog: bonds. Debt runners, data-thieves...
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: What we hunt depends on the bounty.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: It's worth ten platinum. Unmarked.
text: Diggs pauses at this. A huge amount. Suspiciously huge. He licks
text: some salt, downs a blue tequila shot and bites a slice of lime.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: What's the bond?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: The parties I represent want to limit
dialog: the specific details. But let's just
dialog: say industrial secrets are involved.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Ten platinum. Must be big secrets.
text: That canny grin again. It raises Scheer's hackles-
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Any good at keeping them?
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Oh, me and Burdie, we're busy bees. We
dialog: don't have time to file every report
dialog: and we got real bad memories. But just
dialog: so we understand each other, slick,
dialog: we're talking about a bag job, right?
text: Scheer returns an equivocal look. Then dips in his pocket for two
text: digital slides - Lincoln and Ester's headshots, spinning in 3D.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: What's up with these tattoos? They
dialog: look like fucking boondock types .
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: All I'm authorized to tell you is they
dialog: have no records in this state. Also
dialog: that they're not armed or dangerous.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: How about we start with their names?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: John and Jane Doe...
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: You're kidding me, right? No names?
dialog: 71.
text: Scheer's look says he's serious. But Diggs is still confounded.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: The n - with all due respect - how the
dialog: fuck d o you expect us to find them?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Because you won't have to look. They
dialog: jumped an overnight shuttle. They'll be
text: headed for the terminal, trying to get
dialog: out of state. It's strictly a recovery
dialog: job. For you, it should be childsplay.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: The n why not do it yourself? Or is the
dialog: dog ring just to impress the ladies?
text: The grin. Scheer moves his hand to cover the USMC ring, stiffly-
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: The parties I represent want to stay at
dialog: arm's length. And just so we understand
dialog: each other that means no connection, no
dialog: papertrail, no police interest...
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Is that everything?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: . . . no mistakes. They want these two
dialog: brought in quickly and quietly and
dialog: unharmed. Once you have them, you'll
dialog: contact me for further instructions.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: I don't know. What do you say, Burdie?
text: B u r d o n looks over. Then suddenly stands bolt upright, diving into
text: his jacket, jerking out what looks like a pump-action shotgun.
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: F r a n k Hofstetter! This is a bond
dialog: recovery! Step away from the bar!
text: F A C E S TURN as he swings aim across the bar - HOFSTETTER, slight,
text: wide-eyed, looking hunted - customers moving away, exposing him -
dialog: Burdon chambering a cartridge, emphatic - Hofstetter f r e e z e s - a
text: deer in the headlights - a moment of hesitation - then he runs.
text: - B O O M - BURDON FIRES but the shot misses, hitting the bartender -
text: exploding on impact with A BLINDING ELECTRICAL DISCHARGE - the
text: stunned bartender spasms and drops - Burdon pumps and chambers
text: another slug - his weapon now earned the name of a "thunderbolt".
dialog: 72.
text: A STAMPEDE BEGINS - customers running scared - his quarry lost
text: in the stampede, Burdon vaults over the table - Diggs pulls out
text: what looks like a twin-barrel sawn-off and launches after him -
text: Scheer stays seated, watching the hunt with remote curiosity--
scene_heading: H O F S T E T T E R C L A W S THROUGH THE STAMPEDE - spotting Burdon and the
text: thunderbolt close behind - he drops out of the firing line - onto
text: his knees - crawling, banged about - almost at the exit, almost--
text: T W I N BARRELS PRESS TO HIS HEAD - Diggs looks down - grinning,
text: beckoning him upright - Hofstetter l o o k s up - bleak, defeated -
text: A GIRL blunders into them - toppling over Hofstetter i n t o Diggs--
text: H O F S T E T T E R T A K E S HIS CHANCE TO RUN - now scrambling against the
text: stampede - Diggs disentangles himself and levels his weapon -
text: the stampede parting - throwing themselves to the ground as--
text: - B O O M - DIGGS FIRES - the scattershot hits Hofstetter a s he flees
text: up some steps - peppering his leg - sparks off metal as Diggs
text: keeps firing - his weapon now earned the name of a "rainmaker".
scene_heading: H O F S T E T T E R R E A C H E S A CATWALK - his leg dragging, numbing from
text: t h e tranquilizer cores - the catwalk dead-ends - blind panic now -
text: He ducks under the rail, reaching for the dome - finding a
text: precarious handhold, he swings across - trying to climb --
text: D I G G S COMES UP BENEATH - looking up, grinning - the pathetic
text: sight of Hofstetter - one leg useless - clinging to the dome
text: like a fly trapped under glass - as Burdon goes to recover him -
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Don't bother. He'll drop by himself.
text: B u r d o n pulls out some handcuffs and stands waiting. Diggs returns
text: to the booth. Pouring out two tequila shots, he grins at Scheer -
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: N o w . . . where were we?
scene_heading: 104 EXT . THE DESERT - MORNING
text: S u n l i g h t blinks off a chain of carriages, travelling the trench
text: of a lodeway. The overnight shuttle slits through the desert.
scene_heading: 105 INT . PASSENGER CAR - MORNING
text: The sun is a muted orb behind polarized glass. Lincoln stares out
text: of the window at the bleak new world blurring past. He's wearing
text: Ozzie's ballcap o v e r his crosshatch, his former clothes discarded
text: for some of the old man's ill-fitting denims. Perhaps a disguise
text: or perhaps just to shed the memory. He glances across at Ester,
text: dressed likewise, her hair teased to cover her crosshatch. She's
text: dozing, head rested on the glass. A TICKET COLLECTOR comes up-
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: TICKET COLLECTOR
dialog: Tickets...
text: Lincoln looks at the man in uniform, uncertain what he wants. The
text: ticket collector shakes his head. These two look like deadbeats.
speaker_heading: T I C K E T COLLECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: A d u l t fare is forty five currency
dialog: units. Do you have the money, sir?
text: Lincoln assimilates. Money. The word is familiar. He pulls out
text: the blue plastic card. The man in uniform looks encouraged. He
text: gives him the card, watching him slot it into a handheld device,
text: which briefly flashes, then the card is returned. Lincoln sees a
text: strip at the top is now transparent, like a depleted reservoir.
dialog: He assimilates. Not so different from the transactions in the
text: world below. Then he notices Ester is awake and is looking at
text: him. Her bright eyes, dim and troubled, somehow accusatory.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I t ' s going to be okay, Ester.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: (faint)
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: We just need to get out of state.
text: Ester , disconsolate, looks out of the window. In her gaze, the
text: forlorn air of a hatchling fallen from the nest. Lincoln watches
text: her, knowing her troubles and knowing that he cannot relieve them.
scene_heading: 106 EXT . PHOENIX - DAY
text: The skyline stands reprised in daylight. A glimmering citadel.
scene_heading: 107 EXT . SHUTTLE STOP - PHOENIX - DAY
text: P a s s e n g e r s climb the steps from an underground gloom. Lincoln and
text: Ester with them, jostled by the more certain flow. They cross the
text: portal onto the street and stop, dazzled by the sunlight. Only to
text: be dazzled again by the sudden, stunning prospect of the city...
text: F i r s t there's the quality of light, a burning white, perhaps from
text: depleted ozone, depicting everything in a surreal shimmer. Then
text: there's the towers, darkly crystalline, facets of polarized glass
text: rising to domes and spires, like monolothic f i n g e r s reaching for
text: the sky. The traffic flashing past, the chassis identifiable as
text: trucks, taxis, compacts, sedans, streamlined in a nautical trim,
text: hull runners in place of wheels. The sound of claxons, more like
text: fog horns than car horns. Then there's the street itself, a six-
text: l a n e lodeway, lanes marked with buoys, bobbing around on cables.
dialog: 74.
text: The graceful arcs of pedestrian bridges at the intersections. The
text: citizens, strange hairstyles, fashions, all wearing sunglasses.
dialog: Even to us it's a wondrous sight. The urbanism, the grandeur, as
dialog: if here in the heart of southwest, Manhattan has met Venice.
speaker_heading: V O I C E (O.S.)
dialog: He y , man, spare a little green?
text: A w e interrupted, Lincoln and Ester look around. Slouched by the
text: street exit is A HOBO with a mangy dog. He grins toothlessly-
speaker_heading: T H E HOBO
dialog: A i n ' t eaten in two days, have we, boy?
text: Lincoln and Ester step back as the dog rises to greet them. Tail
text: wagging, it noses forward, sniffing. Then, abruptly, drops its
text: tail and backs off, whining. Lincoln and Ester likewise back off.
text: Both sides have just discovered a new species. The hobo pets his
text: whining canine, watching the strangers walk off with curiosity.
scene_heading: 108 EXT . STREET - DAY
text: The sunlight flares off passing vehicles, hypnotic. The faces of
text: pedestrians flash past. Lincoln and Ester wander in thrall up the
text: street. Everywhere new sights, new curiosities bombard them...
text: The storefronts, mysterious recesses behind polarized glass. The
text: glass, alive with pixellated g r a p h i c s , marquees: "Temps! Temps!
dialog: New Tech Opportunities!" - "Beauty Therapy! Manicures, Dermals,
dialog: Follicle Grafts!" - "Discount Legal Service! Class Actions Only!"
text: H o l o f r a m e b i l l b o a r d s loom over the street, huge shimmering
text: panels like phantom jumbotrons, commercials playing on a loop:
text: - - A businessman in a conference room, shrinking from a fierce
text: negotiation; the scene replayed with the same businessman, now
text: on his feet, stabbing his finger angrily in the air; a pill
text: bottle in CU, a text super "Combatrine! The Aggression Enhancer"
text: - - A teenager bemused by his homework: his parents escorting him
text: into a clinic; the teenager hooded by an electronic dome; his
text: parents clapping; the teenager smiling as he accepts a diploma;
dialog: a text super "Intellex: Data Impression For A New Generation"
text: Lincoln suddenly looks round, realizing Ester is gone from his
text: side. He scans the sea of faces. Then spots her stepping through
text: a doorway. Over the threshold is a holoform: a pig with wings,
text: circled by the legend "Hog Heaven! Home Of The True Hamburger".
scene_heading: 109 INT . HOG HEAVEN - DAY
dialog: F a s t food outlets have evidently changed little. Promotional
text: posters in 3D: "Ham Slam", "Porker Forkers", "Bacon Blitz".
dialog: 75.
text: Service counter, seating area. Ester is looking around like
text: Alice In Wonderland. Lincoln comes up, out of breath, edgy-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I told you to stay with me.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: ( i n n o c e n t , plaintive)
dialog: I'm hungry.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: O k a y . Okay...
text: He nods, realizing he is too. He plants Ester in a seat and looks
text: around. People stand in line transacting, receiving food trays.
text: Not unlike nutrition plaza. Lincoln ventures to the counter. He
text: offers the blue card hopefully. THE SERVICE CLERK looks at him-
speaker_heading: T H E SERVICE CLERK
dialog: A r e you gonna tell me what you want?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: ( b e a t , no other reference)
dialog: What are my options?
speaker_heading: T H E SERVICE CLERK
dialog: K n o c k yourself out, buddy.
text: He indicates a menu above. Lincoln assimilates, looking up at
text: the menu. Understanding now, his face lifts to almost a smile.
text: It's the first time he's been given an unrestricted choice.
scene_heading: 110 INT . SEATING AREA - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Lincoln returns to Ester with a tray of food and drink. She's
text: staring off again, distant. He puts a burger and drink cup in
text: front of her. She seems not to notice. He tries to engage her-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I asked the man how to get to the
dialog: terminal. He said it's not far.
text: But Ester just keeps staring, her brow now furrowing as A LITTLE
text: GIRL skips past, maybe 11, sipping a soda. Now Lincoln sees her
text: too and is transfixed. Now the little girl notices the strangers,
text: staring at her. She hurries onward, uncomfortable. Lincoln and
text: Ester's eyes follow. It's the first time they've seen a child.
scene_heading: 111 EXT . PHOENIX TERMINAL - DAY
text: A low rumble. A plume of smoke. A sudden eruption of fire. A bird
text: rises from the flames and a phoenix spreads its wings. Widening,
text: we reveal this is a holoform o v e r the terminal entrance.
dialog: 76.
text: Union Station now looks more like Grand Central. A huge granite
text: facade, a covered colonnade linking to pedestrian bridges at the
text: corners. Here, in the flow of figures, we make out Lincoln and
text: Ester, resembling tourists. Then, a short distance behind, we
text: spot two more figures. The hobo and his timorous dog. Following.
scene_heading: 112 INT . CONCOURSE - TERMINAL - DAY
text: V a u l t e d . Arched windows, mosaiced i n polarized glass. Sunlight
text: falls in filtered shafts. Footfalls echo off polished granite.
text: Lincoln and Ester scan around. Ester looks daunted by the space.
text: Lincoln looks focused. He sees people in line, transacting.
scene_heading: 113 INT . TICKET WINDOW - DAY
text: The sign on the window reads "Tickets". Lincoln assimilates. The
text: word is familiar. He steps up to the counter with Ester. A TICKET
text: CLERK - female, immaculately groomed - greets them with a glossy
text: smile. Lincoln offers her the blue card. She seems not to notice.
scene_heading: T H E TICKET CLERK
dialog: We l c o m e to Phoenix Union Station. What
dialog: is your date of travel, sir?
dialog: Lincoln has to think. Dates mean nothing to him. He ventures-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Now...
scene_heading: T H E TICKET CLERK
dialog: An d what is your destination?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: O u t of state.
scene_heading: T H E TICKET CLERK
dialog: I'm sorry. Could you repeat that?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: We want to go out of state.
scene_heading: T H E TICKET CLERK
dialog: I'm sorry. Could you repeat that?
speaker_heading: V O I C E (O.S.)
dialog: L i k e talking to a wall, ain't it?
text: Lincoln and Ester turn to look. The interceder is pale, bald,
text: wearing leathers. A stranger to them, we recognize him as DIGGS-
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: H o l o s e r v e . C h e a p e r than flesh and
text: blood but nothing between the ears.
dialog: 77.
text: Diggs demonstrates, wafting his hand across the ticket counter.
text: It cuts through the ticket clerk with a holographic ripple.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: F i r s t time I used one of these, I
dialog: asked her out on a date...
text: He grins genially, examining their faces, verifying his quarry.
text: Lincoln examines the pale man. The sense of danger is welling-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: J u s t wanted to help, that's all.
text: D i g g s shrugs, disarming, trying to win them over, nice and easy
text: per the mandate. Then he notices the eyes of his male quarry. The
text: pupils, black and dilating. Suddenly the male jerks away, like a
text: shying horse, drawing the female with him. Diggs, unperturbed,
text: makes no attempt to follow. Turning his back on them, he touches
text: a device concealed in his ear canal, a miniature two-way radio-
speaker_heading: D I G G S (INTO RADIO)
dialog: B u r d i e , it's them. East exit.
scene_heading: 114 EXT . TERMINAL - DAY
text: Lincoln and Ester emerge into the colonnade, rejoining the flow
text: of figures. Lincoln presses the pace, alert, darting looks back.
text: The pale man doesn't appear to be following. But the sense of
text: danger is spurring him to gain distance. Ester, vicarious to the
text: danger, stays close to Lincoln's side, scurrying to keep up.
text: Neither of them notices the grey vehicle sliding up on them,
text: kerbside. A commercial transit van known as a "cutter", it's a
text: common sight on the streets. The driver leans out of the window -
text: hair tied back, dressed in buckskins, we recognize BURDON-
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: You folks need a ride?
text: Lincoln and Ester turn to look. The dark giant is just another
text: stranger, cast in a demeanor of casual inquiry. He's offering an
text: opportunity to gain distance but Lincoln remains hesitant. The
text: sense of danger, turbulent, hard to read. Burdon sugars the way-
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: P r i v a t e cab. No state surcharge...
text: He taps a button and the side-door slips open. Lincoln looks into
text: the lightless c a v i t y , wavering, uncertain. Ester, hugging close,
text: nervous. Figures passing, jostling them toward the cavity. The
text: dark giant, looking on expectantly. The pause stretching, then-
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: He y ! What the fuck are you doing, man?
text: B a c k down the colonnade, THE HOBO is gesticulating to Burdon-
speaker_heading: T H E HOBO
dialog: I told you! They went inside!
text: The hobo doesn't see Lincoln and Ester, unwitting that he's just
text: betrayed himself as their shadow... and Burdon as their predator.
text: His dog starts barking. Lincoln starts backing away with Ester,
text: his eyes blackening, the danger surging, the dog barking, the
text: giant's face dropping, the elements converging... They bolt.
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: Shit!
text: B U R D O N JAMS INTO REVERSE - but his pursuit is cut short by a
text: parked vehicle - he swings a look back, jabbing his earpiece-
speaker_heading: B U R D O N (INTO RADIO)
dialog: N o r t h Corner! North Corner!
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER RACE UP THE COLONNADE - against the flow of
text: figures - darting and weaving like fish swimming upstream --
text: D I G G S BURSTS FROM THE NORTH EXIT - launching up the north side
dialog: of the terminal - thinner foot traffic here, faster going --
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER SLOWING - the flow massing under the portico -
text: they peel through - the holoform p h o e n i x rumbling overhead --
text: D I G G S TURNING THE NORTH CORNER - pausing to touch his earpiece -
text: now launching south down the colonnade - towards the portico -
text: jerking a pair of handcuffs from his belt, ready for the snatch--
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER GAINING PACE - past the portico now, the way
text: opening - Lincoln's eyes flaring - a face in the distance ahead -
text: the pale man - he swings Ester around - doubling back to find --
text: B U R D O N COMING UP BEHIND - the flow of figures, no obstacle -
text: parting at his thunderous onset - his quarry, stopped and
text: staring at him - almost upon them - handcuffs at the ready--
text: LINCOLN FREEZES - caught between the dark giant and the pale man -
text: Ester cringing to his side - the dark giant charging up on them -
text: sunlight on metal - the sight of the handcuffs - TRIGGERING HIM--
text: LINCOLN GRABS ESTER - swinging her off the sidewalk - lowering
text: her into the lodeway - leaping down to join her - lode poles
text: pulsing, thrumming - rivets on their denims, rattling from the
text: polarity - traffic soaring past on lode-stream, chest-high -
dialog: 79.
text: DARTING OUT INTO TRAFFIC - Lincoln leads Ester by the hand like
text: a child - across the lanes, dodging, weaving through the gaps -
text: claxons b l a r i n g , deafening - sunflashes, blinding - a sudden
text: shadow - a huge freight truck bearing down, no gaps ahead --
text: LINCOLN DRAGS ESTER TO THE GROUND - both flattening against the
text: concrete lode-bed - the shadow engulfing them - the truck's hull
text: runners shearing narrowly over their heads - the rush of air,
text: sweeping off Lincoln's ballcap - rousing a storm of dust--
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER CHOKING - crawling onward through the dust -
text: hull runners scudding overhead - maybe only a foot of clearance -
text: buoy cables whipping around like cheesewire - onwards, crawling
text: across the concrete - fighting their way across the lode-stream--
text: B U R D O N WATCHING from the sidewalk where Lincoln and Ester first
text: dropped, scouring the trench for a sight of them. Now he spots
text: them, climbing up onto the sidewalk the far side of the street.
text: D i g g s now arrives at his side, sweating, out of breath. Now
text: seeing their quarry take off up the far side of the street, he
text: turns to his lumberous p a r t n e t , fury mixed with incredulity-
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Why the fuck d i d n ' t you go after them?!
text: B u r d o n just looks at him, displaying the metal brace on his fore-
text: a r m . Diggs, out of sheer frustration, gives him a pounding shove-
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Fuck!
scene_heading: 115 EXT . ALLEY - DAY
text: The refuge of shadow. The alley is divided by a lodeway and the
text: walls on each side are jutted with dumpsters. Lincoln and Ester
text: run up the narrowed strip of sidewalk, forced into single file.
text: A huge shape looms ahead. A garbage vehicle known as a "scow".
text: Like a leviathan spreading its tentacles, the scow's tube-arrays
text: dock with the dumpsters and start sucking the contents out.
text: Lincoln glances back to find Ester has stopped and is cringing
text: away from the tentacled monster. He returns to her, his eyes
text: flicking around, aware that their real predators are close-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: We have to keep going.
text: He takes Ester's hand, drawing her onward. But Ester recoils,
text: shaking off his grip. Now he looks at her more closely. She's
text: panting, shuddering, fraught with trauma. Her voice is haunted-
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: P l e a s e . . . Please, I want to go back...
text: She shrinks into the shadows, shaking her head. The hatchling
text: wanting to return to the nest. Lincoln meets her eye, deeply-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: T h o s e men - that's what they want too.
text: Ester holds his gaze, chest heaving. Then looks back towards the
text: alley mouth. Her fingers reach for her belly, clawing a little.
text: Then her eyes lower, assimilating, reason reasserting its heavy
text: grip. Lincoln senses her turmoil. His voice is soft but sturdy-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: We have to keep going, Ester.
text: Ester looks up at him again. The forlorn air seems to have faded.
text: Her eyes, grimly set. Her face, a little haggard. Older somehow.
text: She takes Lincoln's hand and together they head off up the alley.
scene_heading: 116 EXT . ALLEY - MOMENTS LATER
text: The alley mouth darkens as a vehicle turns off the street. The
text: grey cutter moves through the shadows, prowling and shark-like.
scene_heading: 117 INT . CUTTER - DRIVING
text: The drone of resistors. The throbbing glow of the drive console,
text: a panoply of instrumentation. Burdon steers in silence, Diggs
text: beside him, edgy, intent, combing the shadows for their quarry.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: S u n n a v a b i t c h ! What the fuck d o we do
dialog: now, huh? They could be anywhere...
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: We go back to the office and run `em.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: A s what? John and Jane Doe?
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: We ask the guy.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Y e a h , let's tell him we couldn't hack
dialog: it in kindergarten. See how long him
text: and his ten platinum stick around.
text: He fires a barbed look. Burdon absorbs this, unflinched, thinking-
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: I t was blue, right?
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: The y were using a blue currency card.
scene_heading: 118 EXT . STREET - DAY
text: Lincoln and Ester walk up the street. Wary of attention, they go
text: with the flow of figures, eyes peeled for predators. The sights
text: of the city now seem hostile. Faces flash past, dead-eyed in sun-
text: g l a s s e s . Traffic rushes like steel rapids. Storefronts construct
text: a black wall. Holoframe b i l l b o a r d s loom, mocking, half-noticed:
text: - - A woman in a bathroom, adjusting her sexy neglige; a crack in
text: the door shows a man in bed, waiting; the woman closes the door
text: and picks up what looks like a toothpaste tube; she arches her
text: eyebrow; "F.I.G. F e m i n i n e Impulse Gel... Because who needs him?"
text: - - A cemetery under a grim overcast sky; suddenly a frisbee flies
text: across frame; an old woman, dressed like a teenager, catches it;
text: she tosses it to an old man dressed likewise; a text super "Death
dialog: Sucks!", a sting, "New Gaza Healthcare: Your Life Is Our Life."
text: Lincoln and Ester stop at the corner. They look around, blindly,
text: no coordinates, no frame of reference. Urban canyons, identical,
text: gordian a n d chasmic. P a s s i n g figures jostle. Then Lincoln spots
text: something across the street. It looks like an over-sized phone
text: booth. Its beacon flashes; "C.I.N. - CITY INFORMATION NETWORK."
scene_heading: 119 INT . CIN BOOTH - DAY
text: A flourish of music greets Lincoln and Ester as they enter. The
text: fanfare conjures a holoform i n mid-air. A cartoon rattlesnake,
text: benignly rendered, welcomes them with a clownish, fanged smile:
speaker_heading: THE SNAKE
dialog: H i there! I'm Tattletail! What e v e r you
dialog: want to know, wherever you want to go, I
dialog: got the answers! Let's look at the menu!
text: A set of text frames appear: "Residential Listings", "Business
dialog: Listings", "Transport Listings", "Hotel Listings". Lincoln
text: assimilates. The terminologies are not unfamiliar.
speaker_heading: THE SNAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: N o w let's make a selection!
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: ( b e a t , venturing)
dialog: Transport...
speaker_heading: THE SNAKE
dialog: O k a y ! Let me open that directory for
dialog: you! I'll be with you in two shakes!
text: The snake rattles accordingly and coils in a holding pattern.
text: Then a tomographic map of the city appears. A red dot plants
text: itself under a text flag "You Are Here!". Then other red dots
text: scatter across the map, each flagging with transportation icons.
scene_heading: 120 INT. CUTTER - STREETS - DRIVING - DAY
text: B u r d o n steers calmly, scanning the streets. Diggs impatiently
text: bashes the keys of a holocom on the drive console. A holoframe
text: hovers, snowed with static. Then a secretary's face appears -
text: sagging, older, primped and painted young. Her name is JANEEN-
speaker_heading: J A N E E N (ON HOLOCOM)
dialog: D i g g s &amp; Burdon Bond Agency.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: J a n e e n , where the fuck have you been?
speaker_heading: J A N E E N (ON HOLOCOM)
dialog: B e a u t y therapy. I got a date tonight.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: O h , Jesus... Listen, I want you to
dialog: punch into the currency stream for me.
dialog: Sweep for blue card transactions.
speaker_heading: J A N E E N (ON HOLOCOM)
dialog: You're kidding me, right? You have any
dialog: idea how long that's going to take?
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: I want serial numbers, batched a n d
dialog: cross-referenced. Start from Union
dialog: Station and work your way out...
text: B e f o r e he can object he taps a key. The holoframe blinks out.
scene_heading: 121 EXT . BUS STATION - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A surging sound. A surface of water. A burst of spray. A dolphin
text: leaps from the waves and hangs suspended. Text scrolls around:
dialog: "Get Out Of State &amp; Out Of Mind - Ride the Grey Dolphin Line!"
text: This is the next incarnation of the greyhound. The blue facade,
text: crested into waves. We make out Lincoln and Ester, now looking
text: more like transients than tourists, dirty, worn and exhausted.
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: 122 INT. CONCOURSE - BUS STATION
text: Low roof. Flat lighting. The faces here seem less threatening,
text: the young and the low-income. Lincoln and Ester look around. Not
text: unlike the train terminal. People standing in line, transacting.
scene_heading: 123 INT . TICKET WINDOW
text: Lincoln and Ester step up to the ticket window. A TICKET CLERK -
text: male, immaculately groomed - greets them with a polished smile.
speaker_heading: T I C K E T CLERK
dialog: We l c o m e to Grey Dolphin Bus Lines.
dialog: What is your destination, please?
text: Lincoln squints at him. Then wafts his hand across the counter.
text: The ticket clerk flinches at the impact. Then composes himself.
text: A trace of camp as he smiles bashfully at the rugged customer-
speaker_heading: T I C K E T CLERK
dialog: I t ' s okay. Really. I get that a lot.
dialog: I'm sorry, now where were we again?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I want to get out of state. Now.
speaker_heading: T I C K E T CLERK
dialog: B e l i e v e me, I know how you feel. So
dialog: where did you want to go exactly?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: O u t of state...
speaker_heading: T I C K E T CLERK
dialog: J u s t wherever the wind takes you, huh?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Where's that?
speaker_heading: T I C K E T CLERK
dialog: We l l , if it was me, out to the west
dialog: coast. It's perfect this time of year.
text: Lincoln nods, liking the sound of this. The ticket clerk smiles,
text: enjoying the acceptance of his suggestion, he ventures hopefully-
speaker_heading: T I C K E T CLERK
dialog: T r a v e l l i n g alone, are we?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: N o . With her.
text: He gestures, then realizes Ester is gone from his side again.
dialog: 84.
text: He scans the faces. The clerk, disappointed, taps some keys.
speaker_heading: T I C K E T COLLECTOR
dialog: T w o adults, let me see... I'm afraid I
dialog: can't get you seats till the morning.
scene_heading: 124 INT . FOOD SERVICE AREA - BUS STATION
text: A grill bar. A rank of vending machines. Ester moves through the
text: seating area as if drawn. Now over the ambient noise, we isolate
text: the cry of a baby. Ester is following the sound to its source.
text: She finds a Mexican woman shushing her infant. The woman looks
text: up and smiles. Ester just stands there, awe-struck. Lincoln now
text: comes up to reclaim her. He's about to ask why she wandered off
text: when she turns to him. He sees her eyes are brimming with tears.
text: Tears of joy and sorrow. It's the first time she's seen a baby.
scene_heading: 125 EXT . STREET - DUSK
text: The winged pig flutters over the doors of "Hog Heaven". The
text: milling customers are suddenly parted by Diggs, bursting out
text: through the doors. He leaps into the grey cutter, parked
text: kerbside. I t peels out with a flash of its halogen eyes.
scene_heading: 126 INT . CUTTER - DRIVING - DUSK
text: B u r d o n steers, glancing inquisitively at his partner. Diggs taps
text: the holocom, urgently, galvanized. The holoframe resolves snowed
text: with static. Janeen's face appears. Less primped, disgruntled-
speaker_heading: J A N E E N (ON HOLOCOM)
dialog: D i g g s &amp; Burdon Bond Agency.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: We got a positive on the serial number.
text: Punch in and pull up the transactions.
dialog: Start with the last hour and work back.
speaker_heading: JANEEN
dialog: G r e a t . So I got to park my ass in
dialog: front of a screen all night?
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: I t ' s a platinum bond, Janeen. We get
dialog: this, I'll buy you a new ass, okay?
text: He grins at Burdon. The thrill of the chase glows in his eyes.
scene_heading: 127 INT . WAITING AREA - BUS STATION - NIGHT
text: A blue glass partition wall looks out onto the depot. More like
text: a marina with an embarcadero a n d a row of docks. "Liners" slot
text: in and out, their nautical trim making them seem like ferries.
dialog: 85.
text: Lincoln and Ester sit waiting. Lincoln, rigid, watchful. Ester,
text: gazing across at the Mexican woman, who as the infant cradled
text: asleep. Ester glances wistfully at Lincoln. Then she frowns-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Lincoln , what is that? On your face?
text: Lincoln turns, touching his face. He feels stubble there. For
text: the first time. His body is naturalizing but it feels unnatural
text: to him. Ester reaches out and runs her fingers across his cheek.
text: Lincoln stiffens a little, unused to this type of contact. But
text: her touch is gentle and the contact is warming. Their eyes
text: slowly meet, flickering, something passing between them. Then
text: Ester's face contorts slightly. She emits a shallow cough.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: A r e you alright?
text: Ester clears her throat. But another cough follows.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: M y throat... it feels dry...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: O k a y . . . I'll get you some water.
scene_heading: 128 INT . FOOD SERVICE AREA - NIGHT
text: E m p t y . The grill bar is closed. Only the vending machines are
dialog: active. Lincoln considers them. Not unlike those he used to
text: know. He finds one that offers water bottles. The sign reads
text: "Arctic Melt". He pulls out his blue card and looks for the
text: slot. Then pauses, picking up his reflection in the glass. He
text: examines the shadowy growth on his face. Then he notices his
text: eyes. They seem to be darkening. The pupils, welling open. Then
text: he feels it. The sense of danger, surging up like a geyser.
scene_heading: 129 INT . DEPARTURE AREA
text: Ester sits waiting, anxious now, coughing persistently. Hearing
text: footfalls, she looks round. But the face that greets her is not
text: Lincoln. It's the pale man, the one who chased them. Before she
text: can react, he forcefully pulls her upright, tapping his earpiece-
speaker_heading: D I G G S (ON RADIO)
dialog: P i e c e of cake, Burdie. J a n e Doe's in
dialog: the bag. Keep an eye out for John-Boy.
text: Ester looks around in panic. Faces turn but none of them are
text: Lincoln's. Diggs confronts the spectators, flashing a badge -
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Bond recovery... state license.
dialog: 86.
text: He marches his female quarry towards the exit. Now she starts to
text: struggle and he jerks her back, slapping a cuff onto her wrist-
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Play nice, little girl. Now you want
dialog: to tell me where your boyfriend is?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN (O.S.)
dialog: Behind you.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: What?
text: - T H U D - LINCOLN HAMMERS HIS FIST into the pale man as he turns -
text: dropping him, flat-on-his-ass - pulling Ester away from him -
text: D I G G S JERKS OUT THE RAINMAKER - quick to his feet - more insulted
text: than hurt - targeting his quarry - who suddenly duck down as--
scene_heading: - B O O M - DIGGS FIRES - A WOMAN SCREAMS - the Mexican woman - her
text: face, peppered with tranquilizer core - her baby starts crying--
text: Ester FROZEN - horrified by the screaming woman - the bloody,
text: slack grimace - the baby bawling - Lincoln dragging her down-
scene_heading: - B O O M - THE BLAST OF THE THUNDERBOLT - Burdon positioned behind
text: them - narrowly missing his target - hitting the partition wall -
text: - C R A S H - THE PARTITION WALL EXPLODES in a blinding electrical
text: discharge - shattering into a sudden TEMPEST OF GLASS SHARDS -
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER SPIN ROUND to see the pale man retargeting -
text: the dark giant reloading - exit blocked, they lunge towards --
text: T H E PARTITION WALL - kicking through the hole in the glass -
text: Ester's last glimpse of the screaming woman - the howling baby -
scene_heading: 130 EXT . BUS DEPOT - NIGHT
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER LEAP OUT onto the embarcadero - running -
text: faces blur past - liners flash by with glaring halogens--
text: D I G G S LEAPS OUT AFTER THEM - rainmaker poised - the embarcadero
dialog: g l u t t e d with passengers - he can't get a bead on his quarry--
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER VAULTING over the scattered luggage - the
text: crowd thinning - the canopy opening onto the street beyond--
text: D I G G S RIGHT ON THEIR TAIL - people screaming, parting as they
text: see his weapon - the firing line clearing - he levels aim and--
speaker_heading: M E T R O PD OFFICER (O.S.)
dialog: M e t r o PD! Drop it!
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: I'm a bond agent!
speaker_heading: M E T R O PD OFFICER
dialog: I said drop the fucking w e a p o n !
text: D i g g s sees his quarry now escaping. With a scowl, he complies.
text: He laces his fingers, tapping his earpiece in the process-
speaker_heading: D I G G S (INTO RADIO)
dialog: N o r t h b o u n d on Third. Get `em, Burdie -
dialog: and take off the fucking g l o v e s . . .
speaker_heading: C U T TO:
scene_heading: 131 EXT . STREET - NIGHT
text: T H E GREY CUTTER VEERS ROUND A CORNER - Burdon at the wheel - his
text: quarry visible ahead - he jams the throttle - revs rising -
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER SPRINT UP THE SIDEWALK - disorientation - the
text: sudden diaspora o f lights and darkness - the sharp acoustics -
scene_heading: T R A F F I C SWERVING - CLAXONS B L A R I N G - the cutter hurtling up the
text: street, relentlessly - its halogen eyes, burning, growing -
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER RACING FOR THE END OF THE BLOCK - towards a
dialog: pedestrian bridge - trying to outpace the cutter -
text: T H E GREY CUTTER CLOSING - Burdon punching a button - the side
text: window slides open - he levels his thunderbolt, angling a shot-
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER VEER LEFT - up onto the pedestrian bridge -
text: rising above the traffic - claxons b l a r i n g beneath as --
text: T H E GREY CUTTER PLOUGHS INTO THE INTERSECTION - banking into a u-
text: t u r n - vehicles braking to avoid collision - LIGHTS, CLAXONS -
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER - turmoil raging behind them - a glimpse of
text: the cutter regaining pursuit - Lincoln sees an opening ahead--
scene_heading: 132 EXT . ALLEY - NIGHT
text: LINCOLN PULLS ESTER INTO THE SHADOWS - the sidewalk narrowing -
text: they run onward, glancing off dumpsters - DULL BOOMS OF METAL -
text: A FLOOD OF HALOGENS - the cutter banking sharply into the alley -
text: pouring on the speed - the quarry trapped in its headlights--
scene_heading: LINCOLN AND ESTER - nowhere to run - THE LIGHTS GROWING - THE
text: RISING DRONE OF RESISTORS - Lincoln sees another opening --
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. PEDESTRIAN ALLEY - NIGHT
text: LINCOLN PULLS ESTER INTO THE DARKNESS - a narrow access, barely
text: lit, hard to see - a sudden dead-end - they SLAM INTO A BARRIER--
text: A CHAINLINK F E N C E - the links shuddering - Lincoln looks up and
text: sees it's scalable - claws into the links - STARTS CLIMBING-
text: Ester TRYING TO CLIMB - rattled by coughing - fighting to
text: breathe - her limbs shaking - her muscles failing - then--
scene_heading: - B O O M - A BLINDING ELECTRICAL DISCHARGE - SUDDENLY THE FENCE IS
scene_heading: ALIVE WITH ELECTRICITY - BURNING FINGERS JITTER ACROSS THE LINKS-
text: LINCOLN AT THE TOP OF THE FENCE - jolted by the sudden shock -
text: muscles in reflex - falling - landing the far side of the fence--
text: Ester STILL CLIMBING - the jolt instantly toppling her back -
text: landing the near side of the fence - more rattled than hurt --
text: B U R D O N RUNNING TOWARDS THEM - thunderbolt smoking from the shot-
text: LINCOLN ON THE FAR SIDE OF THE FENCE - recovering from the fall--
text: Ester ON THE NEAR SIDE OF THE FENCE - cowering, coughing -
text: B U R D O N JERKS HER UP BY THE HAIR - like a rapacious viking - he
text: looks through the fence at Lincoln - sniffing her, almost bestial-
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: G o ahead. I'll look after her.
text: LINCOLN ' S EYES FLICKERING DARKLY - jaw clenching - the sense of
text: danger urging him to run - but Ester is in the giant's grips -
text: Ester CLAWING TO BREAK FREE - coughing, rasping - her fingers
text: snag on the giant's arm-brace - TUGGING WITH ALL HER STRENGTH--
text: B U R D O N YOWLING AT THE SUDDEN PAIN - lashing out - flinging Ester
text: into the fence - dropping the thunderbolt - CLUTCHING HIS ARM--
text: LINCOLN LEAPING ONTO THE FENCE - scrambling up the link - the
text: dark giant momentarily off-guard - HE VAULTS OVER THE TOP --
text: - T H U D - BURDON SPINS ROUND - takes the full brunt of Lincoln's
text: impact - overbalancing - THEY CRASH TO THE GROUND -
text: LINCOLN STRUGGLES UPRIGHT - winded, but forced to face the dark
text: giant - who is already on his feet, his mighty fist SWINGING OUT-
text: - T H U D - LINCOLN TAKES A PUNCH TO THE JAW - recoils, reciprocates
text: throwing a left hook - hitting hard but the giant barely flinches-
dialog: 89.
text: -THUD-THUD- BURDON POUNDS INTO HIM - a storm of punches - his
text: quarry, ducking and blocking - now backed up against the fence--
text: Ester RETRIEVING THE THUNDERBOLT - trying to work the mechanism -
text: coughing - hands shaking - accidentally touching the trigger -
text: - B O O M - THE SHOT BLASTS INTO THE AIR - enough of a distraction
text: for Lincoln - he lands the giant with A BONE-JARRING LEFT HOOK-
text: B U R D O N KEELS OVER INTO THE WALL - cracking the back of his head -
text: his knees buckling - sliding down - just catching sight of--
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER SCRAMBLING UP OVER THE FENCE - and then the
text: quarry is lost from sight in A DOWNPOUR OF ELECTRICAL SPARKS.
scene_heading: 134 EXT . BACKSTREET - NIGHT
text: S I R E N S WAILING IN THE DISTANCE. Lincoln and Ester race down the
text: sidewalk, along a construction hoarding. Ester slows, doubling
text: over, rasping. Lincoln looks at her, her l i p s , blue, her face,
text: pale. The sirens, getting louder. He sees a gap in the hoarding-
scene_heading: 135 EXT . ENCANTO PARK - NIGHT
text: Lincoln and Ester emerge through the gap onto a derelict tract.
text: A once public park, now a construction site. Mounds and craters
text: of earth. Dim shapes of huge vehicles, like sleeping dragons.
text: Patches of parkland, as yet untouched. Bowed palms, dead grass,
text: a stagnant lagoon, a dull mirror for the ascendant moon. On its
text: shoreline is a dilapidated construct that was once a boathouse.
scene_heading: 136 INT . BOATHOUSE - ENCANTO PARK - NIGHT
text: The refuge of shadow. The collapsed roof allowing streams and
text: puddles of moonlight. Lincoln helps Ester onto a rotted bench.
text: She slumps down, exhausted, Lincoln watches her, helplessly.
text: She's fighting for breath, wheezing and coughing in deep rasps.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I can't... I can't breathe... my
dialog: throat... it's so... dry...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I ' l l find you some water.
text: He looks around blindly. Some junk in the corner. He rummages,
text: finds a rusted metal box. Pries it open, empties the contents.
text: Gauzes, band-aids - evidently a first-aid box - then a bottle.
text: He opens it, sniffs. It smells pungent. Alcohol, not water.
text: Ester suddenly starts sobbing. Lincoln returns to her side-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I t ' s going to be okay, Ester.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: N o . . . no, it isn't...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I ' l l find you some water, okay?
text: Ester looks up at him, wheezing, tears streaming from her eyes-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: An d then what, Lincoln?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I ' l l find another way. Out of state.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: An d then what? What if they find us?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The n we'll keep going.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I can't... I can't run anymore...
text: Ester folds over, sobbing and coughing at the same time. Pitiful
text: to watch. Lincoln crouches, gaining her eyeline, very deliberate-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: We ' l l keep going till we get there.
text: Ester traps a sob, reading his eyes, something reviving in her-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: The Island... You mean, The Island?
text: Lincoln answers with a brief smile. If this will keep her going
text: then the truth is redundant. He eases her out of the moment-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: N o w I'm going to get some water. But I
dialog: want you to stay here. It'll be safer.
text: Ester wipes away her tears, sniffing. Her breaths, calming.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Don't go yet. Stay with me, Lincoln.
dialog: Stay with me for a little while.
text: Lincoln looks puzzled by Ester's request. Even more puzzled as
text: she rests her head on his shoulder, nestling into his neck. He
text: feels her against him. The warmth spreading through him again.
text: His arm reaching, as if of its own accord, closing around her.
text: I t feels right somehow. And there he stays, holding her, looking
text: out across the dereliction. And the moon rises over Encanto P a r k .
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. METRO PD STATION - NIGHT
text: The holoform l o g o of The Metro PD glows over the threshold.
text: Diggs exits with a dark glower. The cutter is waiting kerbside.
scene_heading: 138 INT . CUTTER - DRIVING - NIGHT
text: Diggs climbs in an Burdon steers out into traffic. The thrill
text: o f the chase is gone from them now. Both seem equally grim and
text: determined. Diggs taps the holocom. A holoframe resolves, snows
text: with static. Then Janeen's face appears, dishevelled, bitter-
speaker_heading: JANEEN (ON HOLOCOM)
dialog: What the fuck do you want now?
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: (very calm, very cold)
dialog: Punch into the currency stream, close
dialog: the net on downtown and keep the search
dialog: active. The next time they use the card,
dialog: I want to be right on top of them...
text: O f f his icy tone, Janeen nods without retort. Diggs hits a key
text: and her face blinks out. And the cutter prowls into the night.
scene_heading: 139 EXT . DOWNTOWN STREET - NIGHT
text: The winged pig flutters over the doors of "Hog Heaven". Another
text: franchise on a more downtrodden street. Lincoln emerges with a
text: bag of food and drink. He considers the blue card. The reservoir,
text: now close to the bottom, his resources almost exhausted. With a
text: look of foreboding, he pockets the card and turns the corner.
text: An d suddenly stops in his tracks. But it's not a vehicle that he
text: sees. Or a predator. His eyes are fixed on a holoframe billboard:
text: - - A football player in montage; pummeling into a defensive line;
text: running for a touchdown; gyrating in the endzone; spinning in an
dialog: NFL podium shot, super; "Nobody Stops The Juggernaut!"; a team
dialog: logo, super; "Come See The Phoenix Admirals! Rulers of the AFC!"
text: Lincoln recognizes the player's face but it's not possible. He
text: waits for the loop to restart. There it is again. The face of
text: Starkweather Two-Delta. Incredulous, he stops a pedestrian-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The man, the man up there. Who is he?
speaker_heading: PEDESTRIAN
dialog: What planet `you been living on?
dialog: That's the Juggernaut, brother.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The juggernaut...
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: PEDESTRIAN
dialog: Jamil "The Juggernaut" Starkweather -
dialog: highest rushing total in the league.
dialog: `Least till that injury blew out his
dialog: gut. Now the doctors are saying he'll
dialog: be back on his feet next season. Those
dialog: fuckers sure can work miracles, huh?
text: Lincoln doesn't respond. The pedestrian shrugs and heads on,
text: writing him off. Lincoln lingers, staring up at the billboard.
scene_heading: 140 INT . CIN BOOTH - NIGHT
text: The flourish of music greets Lincoln as he enters. The cartoon
text: rattlesnake appears and smiles his clownish, fanged smile:
speaker_heading: THE SNAKE
dialog: Hi there! I'm Tattletail! What e v e r you
dialog: want to know, wherever you want to go, I
dialog: got the answers! Let's look at the menu!
text: The set of text frames appears: "Residential Listings", "Business
dialog: Listings", "Transport Listings", "Hotel Listings".
speaker_heading: THE SNAKE
dialog: N o w let's make a selection!
text: A heavy pause. Lincoln's voice comes with a slight tremor.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Residential...
speaker_heading: THE SNAKE
dialog: Please give me the name.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Starkweather...
speaker_heading: THE SNAKE
dialog: Okay! Let me find that listing for
dialog: you! I'll be with you in two shakes!
text: The snake rattles and coils. Then a headshot a p p e a r s with the
text: face of Jamil Starkweather , scaled across with a red line.
speaker_heading: THE SNAKE
dialog: Starkweather , Jamil... I'm sorry! This
dialog: listing is blocked from the directory!
text: Lincoln stands, darkly intent on the face. Now irrefutably the
text: same face he saw in his life below. The snake shakes its rattle-
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: THE SNAKE
dialog: You want me to find another listing?
text: Lincoln looks at the snake, flicking its tongue, coiling.
text: F A D E TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 141 EXT . DOWNTOWN STREET - MORNING
text: A downtrodden neighborhood. The buildings look like remnants from
text: our own era. A scruffy man slouches up to a gated storefront. He
text: slots a key into a lock panel and the gate rolls up, squealing.
text: We widen to a vehicle parked kerbside. A familiar grey cutter.
scene_heading: 142 INT . STORE - MORNING
text: L i g h t s flicker on to disclose a gunshop. The array of firearms
text: a s fathomless as their purpose. The scruffy gunshop o w n e r slouches
text: inside. Diggs and Burdon enter on his heels. He yawns at them-
speaker_heading: G U N S H O P OWNER
dialog: We ain't open for another hour.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Y e a h , well we ain't in the market.
speaker_heading: G U N S H O P OWNER
dialog: E v e r y o n e ' s in the market, pal. One end
dialog: of the barrel or the other...
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: We ' r e chasing up a currency record from
dialog: last night. These two ring a bell?
text: D i g g s displays two digital slides. The owner pauses, suspicious.
speaker_heading: G U N S H O P OWNER
dialog: What are you? Cops? Lawyers?
text: D i g g s answers by jerking out the rainmaker. The twin barrels
text: aimed at his head, the gunshop o w n e r loses his cool a little-
speaker_heading: G U N S H O P OWNER
dialog: H i m , I remember... Came in just before
dialog: closing... wanted a shooter but didn't
dialog: have no ID... settled for one of these.
text: He displays a HUNTING KNIFE, unsheathing it, showing the blade.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Did he give you a name?
speaker_heading: G U N S H O P OWNER
dialog: No.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Did he say where he was going?
speaker_heading: G U N S H O P OWNER
dialog: No.
text: D i g g s cocks the hammer. The owner flinches. Then, off the knife-
speaker_heading: G U N S H O P OWNER
dialog: The r e was one thing. Kinda w e i r d .
dialog: He wanted to know how to use it...
scene_heading: 143 EXT . APARTMENT BUILDING - MORNING
text: An apartment building towers overhead, vaguely ominous. Lincoln
text: approaches the entrance with Ester. We now see he has a band-aid
text: covering his crosshatch. He takes Ester briefly aside, teasing
text: some tresses over hers. As she gently smooths down her hair,
text: Ester catches his eye. A look flickers between them. Then-
speaker_heading: D O O R M A N (O.S.)
dialog: Fancy dress, was it, sir?
text: A DOORMAN is looking at them like they just rolled out of a club
text: he wouldn't be seen dead in. Off their flustered looks, he gives
text: an apologetic smile. Then opens the door and holds it for them.
text: Lincoln reaches for Ester's hand. Then stiffly leads her inside.
scene_heading: 144 INT . CORRIDOR - AN UPPER FLOOR - DAY
text: The doors are set with small glowing orbs at peephole level. Like
text: eyeballs, watching, as Lincoln and Ester proceed up the corridor.
text: They stop at a door. Lincoln checks the number. Pauses heavily.
text: Then looks for some type of doorbell. As his eyes cross the orb,
text: it seems to blink. Then comes a sound of disengaging locks. Then
text: the door swings open. Lincoln flinches, taken by surprise. Then
text: frowns as he sees there is no one on the other side of the door.
scene_heading: 145 INT . APARTMENT - DAY
text: Lincoln enters, wary, scanning around. A living room. Framed
text: pictures. A sofa, chairs. A coffee table, empty bottles,
text: cigarette packs, a full ashtray. A bureau, some paperwork.
text: Silence, stillness. No sign of life, no sense of danger. Lincoln
text: moves across to the bureau and starts leafing through the
text: papers. Ester ventures in through the door, curious-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I don't know. Something. Just wait
dialog: there and make sure nobody's coming.
dialog: 95.
text: As he leafs the papers, Ester waits dutifully by the door. Her
text: eyes wander across the framed pictures. Then narrow onto a 3D
text: p h o t o g r a p h . A college boxing team photo, grinning cup winners.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: L o o k at this...
text: Lincoln returns to her. Ester points to the photo. A face in the
text: row, blurred but eerily familiar. Lincoln seems not to react.
text: Ester, curiosity piqued, scans the other pictures. She alights
text: on a framed certificate - "Thomas R. Lincoln, Attorney-at-Law".
speaker_heading: A MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
text: Lincoln turns to confront A MAN in a robe. Disheveled from sleep,
text: grey from a hangover... the man's face is unmistakably his own.
text: This is TOM LINCOLN, sponsor of Lincoln Six-Echo, his bleary
text: eyes now widening in disbelief as he recognizes his agnate-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh, Jesus...
text: Lincoln is better prepared for this encounter but still stunned
text: by the sight of his double in the flesh. Sponsor and agnate stand
text: frozen. The only movement is Ester, her eyes flicking between
text: the same men, fraught, confused. Lincoln breaks the silence-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Who are you?
text: Lincoln steps closer, eyes piercing. Tom takes a step back.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: The y said... I'd never have to see you.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Who?
text: Lincoln takes another step closer. Tom takes another step back.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: The people...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What people?
text: Lincoln takes another step closer. Tom stiffens, gathers himself-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Look, if you don't get out of here
dialog: right now, I'm calling security...
dialog: 96.
text: Lincoln examines him, assimilating. His double seems to be as
text: belligerent as he is. Reasoning now, threat response kicking in.
text: Lincoln draws the hunting knife. Unused to it, he points it like
text: a gun. But it's enough of a threat for Tom, who swallows dryly-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Why are you here? What do you want?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I want to know...
text: Tom grimaces at the ambiguity. That face. His f a c e . If not for
text: the pounding headache this would be a bad dream. He lowers onto
text: the sofa. Finds a cigarette and lights up. A drag, mind kicking
text: in. The knife cautioning him. With a slow exhale, he confesses-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: One of the partners at my firm... he
dialog: told me about it. Gave me a referral.
dialog: I thought he was joking at first. I
dialog: went out there, took the sales tour.
dialog: Even before that I knew it wasn't a
dialog: joke. There was this discretion agree-
dialog: ment. I never saw anything like it and
dialog: I've seen a lot. Ironclad... breathe a
dialog: word and they've got you by the balls.
dialog: I don't know... There's cancer in my
dialog: family. Maybe it was just to keep up.
dialog: All the partners were on the policy.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The policy?
text: He looks at his agnate. Then realizes the level of ignorance.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Christ, you have no idea, do you?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: About what?
text: Tom drags his cigarette, fingers trembling. He shakes his head-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I can't fucking do this...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Lincoln moves closer, pointing the knife. Tom flinches, then-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Insurance. You're an insurance policy.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Health insurance... medical...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: If I get sick... if part of me gets
dialog: sick... I take a healthy part from you.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: How do you expect me to answer that?
dialog: It's just how it works, that's all.
text: Tom looks at his agnate. The insistent stare. The knife, pointing
text: at him like a finger. His fear yields to a flicker of anger-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What do you want? A fucking apology?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Why do I look like you?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Because you are me . . .
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Because they made you from my cells...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Made me?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ( a flare of anger)
dialog: That's right. You were made. Cooked up
dialog: in a centrifuge like a fucking boiled
dialog: egg. Every thought running through your
dialog: head, every word coming out of your
dialog: mouth, all of it, manufactured, made...
text: Lincoln frowns, trying to assimilate. Too much to process.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: You . . . you're the one who made me?
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Who made me?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I signed a contract. I can show you.
text: He gestures to a mirror on the wall. Lincoln steps back but his
text: eyes are unremitting. Tom rises, cautious, crossing to the wall.
text: He opens the mirror to reveal a wall safe. His trembling fingers
text: tap the keypad and the safe hisses open. He draws out a contract
text: folder embossed with a crosshatch. Then offers it to his agnate-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's all right there. Who, why...
text: Lincoln takes the contract folder and starts flipping the pages,
text: reading. A pendulous silence falls. Tom stands watching, smoking
text: nervously. Ester stands by the door, trying to take all this in.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Look you've got what you wanted. Now
dialog: why don't you just get out of here?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: (pause, looks at him)
dialog: There are men out there, looking for
dialog: us. I want you to make them stop.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I can't...
text: Lincoln sets down the contract and brings up the knife again.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I can't. Look, I'm a lawyer, I know how
dialog: it works. The contract, everything, it's
text: all laced with confidentiality clauses.
dialog: It means they don't want this to get
dialog: out. It means whatever I do, they're
dialog: not going to stop. You understand?
text: Lincoln pauses, assimilating. His double's expression indicates
dialog: that he's telling the truth. Maybe try a more practical request-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Do you have transport?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Transport , yes... yes, parked
dialog: downstairs... Bay 53... Take it...
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: And then you'll call security?
text: Lincoln steps closer, pointing the knife. Tom tries to stay dead-
dialog: pan. The lawyer kicking in. Look them in the eye when you lie-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm not going to call security. I'm
dialog: not going to call anybody, okay?
text: Lincoln looks at his double, reason now yielding to anger. Deep,
text: roiling. Tom looks at his agnate, fear welling, deadpan cracking-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Look, maybe there's something... maybe
dialog: there's a way to cancel the contract...
text: Lincoln presses the tip of the blade to his double's cheek.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: For Christ's sake! It's not my fault!
text: Lincoln inches the blade deeper into the trembling face, drawing
text: blood. The anger urging, hungry for more blood. Then suddenly-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Lincoln ! No!
text: Lincoln looks at her, the anger interrupted, the knife still in
text: place. He pauses. Then returns to his double. The dreading eyes,
text: the trickle of blood down the face. His e y e s . His f a c e . A long,
text: foreboding moment. Then suddenly Lincoln lashes out. His fist
text: sends his double flying, falling in a flurry of contract pages.
text: Lincoln stands over him, looking down, like a dominant species.
text: His double is unmoving, unconscious. Lincoln abruptly spins away.
scene_heading: 146 INT . ELEVATOR - DESCENDING
text: The light panel flashes. Lincoln stands grimly, head lowered,
text: trying to fathom the anger roiling within. Ester stares at him,
text: wanly. Both held in the dark tableau. And the elevator descends.
scene_heading: 147 INT . UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The vehicle parked in bay 53 is a hybrid of sportscar a n d speed-
text: b o a t , a two-seater known as a "skiff". Lincoln and Ester climb
text: in. Lincoln reviews the drive console, the controls, all of it,
text: meaningless. His eyes cross an orb set in the steering wheel.
text: The orb seems to blink and suddenly the drive console lights up.
text: Lincoln reviews it. A screen in front of him is flashing:
text: "PILOTING: MANUAL/AUTO?". He assimilates. Then ventures-
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Auto...
text: The interface processes, then asks: "DESTINATION: NAME/ADDRESS?"
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: O u t of state... West...
text: The interface processes, then reports "UNDOCKING". Lincoln and
text: Ester jolt as the skiff shunts forward. Lode-poles pulsing ahead
text: of them, the skiff moves out, as if pulled by a phantom tugboat.
scene_heading: 148 EXT . STREET - DAY
text: The skiff buckets off the ramp into a street inlet. Then stops
text: rocking a little. The interface reports: "ESTABLISHING UPLINK".
text: On another screen, a road map appears. A red dot plants at their
text: point of origin then bleeds into a red line, plotting a course.
text: The autopilot scans for traffic, then nudges forward on the
text: throttle. The resistors drone, the steering wheel turns and the
text: skiff noses onto the street. Finding its lane, it drops to
text: cruise speed. Lincoln studies the interplay of steering wheel,
text: throttle and brake. Then glances at Ester. She's plunged in
text: thought, staring off. She turns to him with a haggard frown-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: The man back there... who looked like
dialog: you... does it mean I have someone too?
text: Lincoln looks at her blankly, unknowing. Ester stares off again,
text: her brow knotting with unanswered questions. But Lincoln's gaze
text: lingers. Her pale skin, her limpid eyes, her hair fluttering in
text: the breeze. It's the first time he's really seen Ester's beauty.
scene_heading: 149 EXT . PHOENIX SKYLINE - DAY
text: The domes and spires glint in the sunlight. We isolate a glass
text: steeple. A crosshatch insignia. A legend "Sanger Industries".
scene_heading: 150 INT . CROWNE'S OFFICE - SANGER INDUSTRIES TOWER - DAY
text: A corner office with a panoramic view of the city. Crowne sits
text: at a console desk, reviewing some data on a holoframe screen. A
text: knock on the door and HER SECRETARY enters, looking unsettled-
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I just thought I should warn you. I
dialog: have a sponsor holding. His name's
dialog: Thomas Lincoln. He sounded... angry.
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. STREET TUNNEL - DAY
text: The skiff plunges into the shadow of an underpass. The interface
text: flashes: "UPLINK INTERRUPT... AUTOPILOT DISENGAGING". Lincoln
text: sits up, confused. The skiff is now slowing, drifting as if cut
text: loose. He studies the controls again. Positions one hand on the
text: steering wheel, the other on the throttle. Then he nudges it.
text: The skiff lurches, veering out of its lane. Another vehicle zips
text: narrowly past, rocking them with its invisible backwash. Ester
text: looks at Lincoln, suddenly alarmed. Lincoln tries again, firm on
text: the wheel, gentle on the throttle. And the skiff eases forward.
scene_heading: 152 EXT . MOTEL - DOWNTOWN PHOENIX - LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: D i s m a l . The kind of place that precedes a life on the street. We
text: push in on a window, cracked glass, the drapes closed within.
scene_heading: 153 INT . MOTEL ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: G l o o m y , musty. A "holovision" plays some type of NFL recap. But
text: Scheer is not watching it. He is lying on the bed, staring at
text: the ceiling, motionless. Off a beeping sound, he stirs. He taps
text: a holocom on the nightstand. A holoframe appears, resolving:
speaker_heading: Merrick (ON HOLOCOM)
dialog: K a r l , there's been a complication.
scene_heading: 154 EXT . INTERSTATE - SUNSET
text: The sunset melts gold across the horizon as the skiff cruises
text: westward. Eight lanes of lodeway rake through the salt flats.
text: Lincoln is driving more confidently now. Ester is huddled asleep
text: beside him. Suddenly the skiff starts to slow again. Lincoln
text: reviews the controls. Throttle, forward, foot, off the brake.
text: The interface flashes: "REMOTE LOCKDOWN E N G A G I N G " . The skiff is
text: steering itself onto the hard shoulder. It now pulls to a dead
text: halt. Ester is woken by the sudden inertia. She opens her eyes
text: and looks around. They've stopped in the middle of nowhere.
scene_heading: 155 EXT . THE SALT FLATS - SUNSET
text: The sun sinks in a slow pink haze. Lincoln and Ester walk across
text: the salt flats. Visible in the distance is a walled settlement.
scene_heading: 156 EXT . THE HERITAGE PARK - SUNSET
text: An adobe wall culminates at an arched wooden gateway. Lincoln
text: and Ester approach. They haven't walked far but Ester is already
text: short of breath. As they near the gateway a holoserve appears,
text: like a sentry - Native American, buckskins, feathered headdress
text: and facepaint. His voice seems as old as the wind-
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: THE INDIAN HOLOGRAM
dialog: Welcome to Salt River Heritage Park,
dialog: home to the Hohokam Nation for over two
text: thousand years. The park is now closed.
dialog: Please come back during opening hours,
dialog: 9am t o 5pm, Monday through Saturday...
text: Ester steps closer. With the sun hazing through, the holoserve
text: s e e m s angelic or ghostly. She's examining his striped facepaint-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: He has marks on his face like us.
text: She turns to Lincoln with a flowering smile. Then rushes up to
text: the gateway, suddenly galvanized, squeezing through a gap.
scene_heading: 157 EXT . THE HERITAGE PARK - SUNSET
text: A ring of Native American pueblos. Pithouses a n d coursed adobes,
text: recreations and preserved ruins. Ester rushes around the ring,
text: looking into the pueblos as if expecting to find them inhabited.
text: She ducks into one of the pithouses. Lincoln follows her inside.
scene_heading: 158 INT . PITHOUSE - SUNSET
text: The mud walls show a skeleton of saguaro ribs, cholla branches.
text: It's cosy in here, dim. The living area, recreated with mats and
text: pottery. Lincoln finds Ester looking around, between excitement
text: and confusion. She turns to him, her voice wavering, wheezing-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: Is this... is this place The Island?
text: Lincoln answers with a softly negating look. Ester's face slowly
text: falls, the energy draining from her eyes. She lowers onto one of
text: the mats and lies down, huddling. She looks up to him, wheezing-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I'm tired. Let me rest for a while.
scene_heading: 159 EXT . PITHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Silence prevails but for the faint rattle of Ester's breathing.
text: Lincoln sits on low stool, in sentinel over her as she sleeps.
text: In his eyes, we see the weight of foreboding. He doesn't know
text: what they'll do when she wakes. Of a moaning sound he looks at
text: Ester. Then realizes it isn't coming from her. The sound is far
text: off, a rhythmic moaning. Now discernible as the chant of voices.
scene_heading: 160 EXT . THE PLATFORM MOUND - NIGHT
text: A blazing fire. Figures in silhouette, moving around, chanting.
dialog: 103.
text: The platform mound is situated just beyond the heritage park. An
text: ancient ceremonial site, stepped in ruins, dusted with caliche.
text: Pima and Maricopa, descendants of the Hohokam, are congregated
text: for a solstice ceremony. Off to the side, a group of horses are
text: tethered, shuffling, snorting. Lincoln approaches, cautiously,
text: but somehow like a moth to the flame. He stops at a distance,
text: watching. The curiosity of congruent sound and movement.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You look a little lost, my friend.
text: Lincoln turns to a figure emerging from the night. A tall man -
text: swarthy skin, mist-colored eyes. His tribal name is GREY DOVE-
speaker_heading: GREY DOVE (cont'd)
dialog: Or did you come here for a reason?
text: Lincoln examines the tall man. The face seems as deep and gentle
text: as the voice. His sense of danger, unstirring, he concedes-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I was looking for water.
speaker_heading: GREY DOVE
dialog: Not the best place to look.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: My transport... it stopped working.
speaker_heading: GREY DOVE
dialog: I see. And where were you going?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Out of state...
text: Lincoln sighs, the destination seeming very far away. Grey Dove
text: considers him. This bruised, weary outsider is somehow childlike.
scene_heading: 161 EXT . THE CEREMONY - LATER
text: The fire blazes across the face of a shaman. Old, gnarled, and
text: dry as the salt flats. With a sacred mutter, he slips a peyote
text: button onto his tongue. Then flings back his head, casting his
text: eyes to the stars. When he lowers his head again, we see his
text: pupils dilating. He rises, chanting, moving in ceremonial steps
text: around the fire. Tribespeople s i t in a ring, joining the chant.
text: Beyond the ring, others are dining at a roasting pit. Roast
text: rabbit. Cornflour bread. The food is as it might been two
text: thousand years ago. Only the sight of plastic water gallons
text: breaks the illusion. Lincoln stands apart with Grey Dove, eating
text: ravenously, gulping from a water gallon. He looks around-
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: GREY DOVE
dialog: It is a sacred place. My people come
dialog: here to commune with their spirits.
text: Lincoln looks at him, puzzled. Grey Dove smiles tolerantly.
speaker_heading: GREY DOVE
dialog: Not easy to understand perhaps. For us,
dialog: the spirit is like the shadow on the
dialog: rock. Sometimes close, sometimes far
dialog: away, sometimes the sky clouds and the
dialog: shadow fades. We come here to ask our
dialog: spirits to return to us. The man...
dialog: (gestures to the shaman)
dialog: He speaks to The Grandfather from whom
dialog: all spirits are born. The Great Spirit
dialog: who binds every living thing. He has no
text: name. But he is everywhere. In the sun
dialog: and the moon, the wind and the rain...
text: The shaman's chanting grows louder, more insistent. His circuit
text: around the fire becoming faster, building in religious fervor.
speaker_heading: GREY DOVE
text: Now he asks for the gift of vision that
dialog: he may see through to the spirit shape
dialog: of things. To find the spirits of the
dialog: lost. To bring them into the light...
text: The shaman's chanting suddenly stops. He is looking directly at
text: Lincoln, pointing. His face, contorting with what might be anger
text: or fear. He starts babbling in dialect, ardently. Lincoln frowns
text: in confusion. Grey Dove quietly draws him away from the mound.
scene_heading: 162 INT . PITHOUSE - NIGHT - LATER
text: Ester stirs from slumber. On the ground beside her, she finds a
text: bowl of food and a water gallon. Now through the gloom, she sees
text: Lincoln, sitting on the stool like he never left, keeping vigil.
text: Something seems different about him as he turns, registering her-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: A r e you alright?
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I feel better after I sleep.
text: Lincoln nods absently and stares off out of the doorway. Ester
text: moves closer, sensing something. He speaks as if from far away-
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The man out there... he said
dialog: everything has a spirit... every
dialog: living thing... but not...
text: His voice cuts off. Ester looks at him, recognizing his pain.
dialog: She doesn't understand what it is or what caused it. It's pain
text: and it evokes a response in her. A feeling, taking her over. Her
text: hand reaches out and strokes his hair. Lincoln looks up at her,
text: questioning. With supreme knowing, Ester leans down and kisses
text: him. At the touch of her lips, Lincoln pauses. The first kiss
text: for both of them but Ester takes it in her stride. The calm
text: ballet of nature. Fluidly peeling off her shirt, breasts
text: steeping with moonlight. Lincoln rising to face her, feeling her
text: proximity, her radiant heat. His fingers touching her breasts.
text: Ester trembling, her lips once more finding his. Lincoln closing
text: his eyes, the rush of sensation, overwhelming. He yields to it,
text: returning the kiss, with hunger, with passion... with spirit.
scene_heading: 163 EXT . THE INTERSTATE - DAWN
text: The sun rises in the east, depicting the traffic in silhouette.
text: A vehicle arcs from the fast lane onto the hard shoulder where
text: the skiff sits abandoned. The grey cutter pulls to a halt.
scene_heading: 164 EXT . HARD SHOULDER - DAWN
text: D i g g s and Burdon move up on the skiff, cover positions, weapons
text: levelled. Burdon spins in to the driver side, snapping aim with
text: the thunderbolt. But the skiff is empty. The only sign of life
text: is the interface, flashing red: "REMOTE LOCATOR TRANSMITTING".
text: B u r d o n exchanges a look with Diggs. No dice. Diggs reaches in his
text: pocket and pulls out what looks like an electronic telescope. He
text: puts it to his eye and pans the salt flats. Burdon crouches at
text: the roadside, looking for tracks. Then Diggs fixes on something-
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: I got thermals.
scene_heading: 165 EXT . PLATFORM MOUND - SUNRISE
text: The fire is now reduced to a heap of embers. The tribespeople
text: a r e asleep around the mound, wrapped in ethnic blankets. Diggs
text: and Burdon move up stealthily, weapons at the ready. The horses
text: bristle and snort, betraying their approach. The tribespeople,
text: stirred by the noise, awake. Diggs and Burdon swing aim around
text: the ring as faces rise and stare at them. None of the faces have
text: white skin. Diggs lowers his weapon and addresses the gathering-
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: I'm looking for two bond runners. They
dialog: ditched near here last night.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: DIGGS (cont'd)
text: One man, one woman. Tattoos on the
dialog: forehead...
dialog: (nothing, just silent stares)
dialog: Anyone's seen them, I got fifty green.
dialog: (still nothing, aggravated)
dialog: What the fuck are you? Deaf and dumb?
text: The tribal faces just keep staring. Diggs scowls. Then suddenly
text: swings aim with the rainmaker and fires. -BOOM- hitting one of
text: the horses in the haunch. It rears up, whinnying, setting off
text: the rest of the horses. Diggs turns back to the gathering-
speaker_heading: DIGGS
text: Somebody start talking.
text: He scans around the ring. Then fixes on one of the women. She
text: lifts a trembling finger to a man nearby. Grey Dove stiffens.
scene_heading: 166 EXT . SALT MOUNTAINS - SUNRISE
text: The sunrise depicts two silhouettes, moving across the ridge.
text: Lincoln and Ester clamber over the calcified rocks. Ester now
text: stops to catch her breath. She is wheezing again, fighting for
text: air. As Lincoln looks on with concern, she musters a brave smile-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I can make it.
scene_heading: 167 EXT . SALT CANYON - EARLY MORNING
text: A freight barge whooshes through the canyon, trailing a chain of
text: low, arched containers, capacious in width rather than height.
text: The conveyance is similar to a lodeway but wider, deeper, known
text: as a "lode-canal". At each end of the canyon, it intersects with
text: other lode-canals, converging to use the same passage, a system
text: of signals and lockgates controlling the flow of freight traffic.
text: High above, on the south rim of the canyon, we find Lincoln and
text: Ester. Ester is no longer wheezing but rasping. She looks down at
text: the passing vessel, daunted. Lincoln offers her small comfort-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Don't worry. The one we want goes the
dialog: other way. He said it goes slower.
text: They exchange a smile. The chain of containers tailing off, the
text: barge leaving the canyon with a blast of its resonant claxon.
scene_heading: 168 EXT . THE SOUTH FACE - MORNING
text: Lincoln and Ester descend the rocky slope toward the lode-canal.
text: Ester stops, having to catch her breath every few steps. Lincoln
text: tries to hide his concern, looking away towards the sunrise. The
dialog: westbound vessel will be coming soon.
dialog: 107.
text: They just need to get out of state... Now he frowns, sensing
text: something. Faint but growing. His jaw clenches. His face
text: tightens. His pupils start to dilate.
scene_heading: 169 EXT . THE NORTH RIDGE - MORNING
text: The north ridge is evidently threaded by a lodeway as we see the
text: grey cutter pulling up. Diggs and Burdon get out and look down
text: into the canyon. Diggs pulls out his scope and starts panning.
text: Burdon peels off his jacket. It's early but it's already getting
text: hot. Diggs now pauses, handing him the scope for his opinion-
speaker_heading: DIGGS
text: Up there in the rocks. Three o'clock.
dialog: I'm not sure... it could be ambient.
scene_heading: 170 EXT . THE SOUTH FACE - MORNING
text: Lincoln and Ester hide in the shadow of a rock. Ester is muffling
text: her breaths as best she can. Lincoln now hazards a look over the
text: top. Two figures are climbing down the far side of the canyon,
text: now pointing in their direction. He ducks back, assimilating.
text: Hiding, no longer an option. Nor running, at least for Ester.
text: His face sets in a grimace of conviction. His eyes glow darkly.
scene_heading: 171 EXT . THE NORTH FACE - MORNING
text: Diggs and Burdon reach the foot of the rocks. Neither speaks,
text: communicating in hand-signals. Diggs slips into the lode-canal.
text: Burdon covers, sweeping the thunderbolt across the south face.
text: Diggs emerges from the far side of the lode-canal. He stays low,
text: moving up into the rocks. Then, from above, a rock dislodges,
text: rattling down. Diggs reacts instantly, targeting, opening fire-
text: - B O O M - B O O M - The shots from the rainmaker swathe across the rock.
text: The thunderbolt now adding to the barrage, Burdon firing from
text: the far side - SHOTS, BOLTS, KICKING UP A STORM OF DUST --
text: SUDDENLY HOLDING FIRE, waiting for the dust to clear, reloading.
text: No sign of movement. Just a slide of rubble. Fading echoes.
text: D I G G S STEALS ONWARDS UP THE ROCKS - into the fog of dust - the
text: sunlight and shadow playing tricks on his eyes - then suddenly-
text: LINCOLN BURSTS OUT OF THE DUST - from the left - tackling the
text: pale man - both of them toppling - tumbling down the slope --
text: THUDDING TO A HALT at the lip of the lode-canal - the rainmaker
text: lost in the fall - the impact throwing up a billow of dust --
text: THE DUSTCLOUD - Diggs and Lincoln struggling, clawing, punching -
text: Lincoln, with surprise on his side, gaining with the upper hand--
dialog: 108.
text: DIGGS' CLAWING FINGERS discover Lincoln's knife - tugging it from
text: his jacket - Lincoln grabbing his wrist, fighting for control -
text: THE KNIFE MOVING BETWEEN THEM - Diggs with better leverage - the
text: blade inching towards Lincoln's face - pressing into his cheek--
text: LINCOLN'S EYES - welling black, almost inhuman - the sense of
text: danger screaming in his ears - he grabs the pale man's throat -
text: DIGGS' EYES - bulging as he strains to push the knife home -
text: oxygen draining - conscious ebbing - he slumps back -
text: LINCOLN REGAINS THE KNIFE - the pale man seems to be out cold -
text: but he's not sure - he pauses holding the blade over him, then--
scene_heading: - B O O M - THE KNIFE FLIES FROM HIS GRIP IN A BURST OF DISCHARGE -
text: BURDON SNAPS AIM FOR ANOTHER SHOT - beading - his target moving
text: now - dropping out of the firing line - into the lode-canal--
text: BURDON INCHES TOWARD THE EDGE - thunderbolt angling downward -
text: into the trench - then suddenly he's GRABBED BY THE ANKLES -
text: LINCOLN STRAINING to overbalance the giant - feet up against the
text: wall - like trying to topple a tree - finally winning some give-
text: BURDON TOPPLES INTO THE TRENCH - his ankles clamped by his
text: quarry - both men meeting the concrete with a bone-shaking-
scene_heading: - THUD - LINCOLN IS CRUSHED BENEATH THE MASSIVE WEIGHT - the giant
text: already recovering from the fall - now dragging him upright--
text: - THUD - BURDON THROWS A PUNCH - mightily - hurling his quarry
text: across the trench - moving in quickly, following up with a kick--
text: - THUD - LINCOLN CRUMPLES as the boot smacks into him - then
text: another kick - then another - the world starts blurring --
text: BURDON TURNS AWAY - his quarry disabled for now - he recovers
text: his thunderbolt - turns back to administer the coup de grace--
text: LINCOLN LOOKS UP - the giant looming - the muzzle of his weapon
text: thrumming with energy - the rivets on his denims start rattling--
text: BURDON SPINS ROUND - the thunderbolt suddenly ripped from his
text: grasp - there, in the distance - AN EASTBOUND BARGE IS COMING -
text: LINCOLN SCRAMBLES UP THE WALL OF THE TRENCH - muscles straining,
text: feet slipping on the concrete - escaping the imminent vessel --
dialog: 109.
text: DIGGS COMING TO - now seeing his quarry a short distance away -
text: emerging from the lode-canal - he looks around for a weapon, then-
speaker_heading: BURDON (O.S.)
dialog: Diggs! Get me outta here!
text: BURDON STRUGGLING TO CLIMB OUT OF THE TRENCH - with one arm,
dialog: it's almost impossible - fighting against his own weight--
text: DIGGS REACHING THE EDGE - seeing the eastbound barge coming -
text: grabbing his partner's outreached hand - pulling him upward -
text: BURDON'S PANIC - his other arm flinging away - HIS METAL BRACE
text: SNARED BY THE LODE-STREAM - the force shuddering his entire body-
text: DIGGS PULLING WITH ALL HIS MIGHT - feet slipping - locked in a
text: tug of war with the lodestream - THE BARGE IS CLOSING FAST--
text: BURDON'S HORROR - now suspended between the two forces - feet
text: kicking - THE BARGE IS ALMOST UPON HIM - he screams agonized--
speaker_heading: BURDON
dialog: Help me! HELP MEEEEE!
text: THE SCREAM IS INSTANTLY LOST in the whoosh of the barge. Diggs,
text: stunned, just looks at his hands, empty, spattered with blood.
speaker_heading: DIGGS
dialog: Burdie...?
text: THE SHADOW OF THE ROCK - Lincoln rejoins Ester - casting a look
text: back - the eastbound barge now plummeting into the distance--
text: D I G G S STOOPING AT THE EDGE OF THE TRENCH - looking down - all
text: that remains of his partner is a smear of blood at the concrete--
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER REACHING THE FOOT OF THE ROCKS - seeing THE
text: WESTBOUND BARGE against the sunrise - snaking into the passage--
text: DIGGS PULLING UPRIGHT - spotting his quarry - fire in his eyes -
text: drawing out a boot-knife - slipping it between his teeth--
text: THE WESTBOUND BARGE pulling through the canyon - lode-poles
text: pulsing ahead of it - polarity thrumming in opposing flow--
text: LINCOLN AND ESTER start running as the barge comes towards them -
text: Lincoln pulling Ester along - struggling to match the pace--
text: A SOUND LIKE A BEATING TYMPANY COMING TOWARDS THEM - they look
text: round to see - A SHADOW RUNNING ALONG THE TOP OF THE BARGE--
text: D I G G S FLINGING HIMSELF OFF THE BARGE - the blade in his teeth -
text: arms spread - for an instant, like a vulture against the sun--
dialog: 110.
text: LINCOLN IS SUDDENLY CRUSHED by the weight of his landing - ESTER
text: IS HURLED SIDEWAYS - into a ditch - lost in a cloud of dust--
text: D I G G S PULLING HIMSELF UP, astride of Lincoln - snatching the
text: knife from his clenched teeth - the sound, like a whetstone--
text: LINCOLN SPITTING DIRT - suddenly grabbed by the scalp and tugged
text: sideways - twisted partways o n t o his back, forced to look up at--
text: A BLACK SPOT AGAINST THE SUN - Diggs' face set in a murderous
dialog: sneer - he wants to see this fucker's e y e s - the torment--
text: LINCOLN DAZZLED BY THE SUNLIGHT - but suddenly knowing the face
text: of death - now catching the brief glint of the knife as --
text: D I G G S PLUNGES THE BLADE DOWN - slicing into his quarry's hand as
text: he throws it up in defense - his quarry YOWLING WITH PAIN--
text: LINCOLN FEELING THE STAB - his deepest instinct suddenly awoken -
dialog: every impulse, every fiber brought into alignment - survival--
text: D I G G S IS HURLED INTO THE AIR as Lincoln surges upward - he
text: tumbles backward into the dust - losing hold of the boot-knife--
text: LINCOLN PUSHES HIMSELF UPRIGHT - only makes it half-way -
text: scrambling towards the pale man - all fours, like an animal--
text: D I G G S CLAWING AROUND IN THE DUST - fingers finding metal - the
text: boot-knife - he brings it up - slashing at his imminent quarry--
text: LINCOLN RECOILING - the blade nicking his face - sudden rage -
text: grabbing the pale man by the arm - swinging him round into--
scene_heading: - B O O M - THE MOVING WALL OF FREIGHT CONTAINERS - as the westbound
text: barge passes - Diggs bounces off - stumbling to keep balance--
text: LINCOLN ON THE RETREAT - the pale man coming at him with the
text: knife - another nick - seeing a gap now, shoving him backwards--
text: - B O O M - THE MOVING WALL RESOUNDS - Diggs howls - snagged by a
text: bolt - hurt, his fury becomes incandescent - he strikes madly--
text: LINCOLN STUMBLING BACK - the pale man coming at him - the blade
text: flashing to and fro - frenzied - like a threshing machine--
text: F O R C I N G HIM UP AGAINST THE ROCKS - the knife almost upon him -
text: he grits his teeth and lunges forward - charging like a bull --
text: DIGGS CAREENS BACKWARD, still swiping the blade - digging into
text: his quarry - headlong towards the moving wall - hitting with--
dialog: - W H U M P - no resonant boom - no bouncing back - Diggs has hit a
text: gap between the containers and HIS HEAD HAS BEEN LOPPED OFF -
dialog: 111.
text: LINCOLN STANDS HORRIFIED - as the headless body is spun by the
text: moving wall - dropping into the trench as the barge tails off-
text: The westbound barge gains speed, leaving the canyon. But there
text: is Ester, running after it, vainly, coughing and sputtering.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Ester! Stop! It's no use!
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: We have to... get to... The Island...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: It's going too fast!
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: We have to... get to...
text: Ester staggers a few more steps, then collapses to her knees,
text: rasping for breath. As Lincoln reaches her, she slumps back into
text: his arms. Her head lolling, eyes rolled back to white, a drool
text: of blood spilling from her lips. Then the blast of a claxon c u t s
text: the air as the westbound barge disappears into the distance.
text: F A D E TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 172 EXT . SEDONA - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A ranch home in the middle of nowhere. Long shadows.
scene_heading: 173 INT . STUDIO - RANCH HOME - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Late golden sunlight through a mist of sawdust. Abstract wood
text: sculptures are visible. Juniper wood, carved along the bias of
text: the grain, polished to accentuate the curves of natural growth.
text: AN OLDER WOMAN runs a sander over a work in progress - 60's, in
text: coveralls, gray her tied back, her face shielded by goggles and
text: a bandana. She pauses to review her work, shutting down the
text: sander, slipping off her goggles and bandana. Her face is eerily
text: familiar. Her name is KATHERINE. She now moves to the window,
text: catching sight of something outside. Curiously, she watches a
text: vehicle coming down the long driveway. A dusty, grey cutter.
scene_heading: 174 EXT . FRONT PORCH - RANCH HOME - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Katherine opens the front door. The cutter is now docked in the
text: port and a stranger is staggering towards her. In his arms, is
text: an unconscious woman. Now Katherine can see the face - younger,
text: but unmistakable even so. Her voice comes in a chilled whisper-
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: O h , God... Oh, my God...
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: 175 EXT. PHOENIX - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A whisper cuts across the glistening skyline towards The Sanger
text: Industries Tower. It circles in to land on a rooftop helipad.
scene_heading: 176 INT . CROWNE'S OFFICE - SANGER INDUSTRIES TOWER
text: Silence . Crowne sits at her desk. Merrick sits across from her.
text: Waiting. The air stirs as the secretary ushers Dr. Sanger into
text: the office. No greetings are exchanged. Sanger just lowers into
text: a chair, a little unsettled to find Merrick has preceded him.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: I take it you've heard the news.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: The bond agents. Yes. Unfortunate.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Unfortunate?
dialog: (pauses, lights a cigarette)
dialog: We're way past unfortunate, Henry.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I thought we'd covered ourselves.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: The police won't connect the bond
dialog: agents to us. But that's not the
dialog: problem. It's the sponsor.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
text: The male agnate tracked him down.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: His name's Thomas Lincoln. It seems
dialog: they had a genetic reunion. Not a
dialog: h a p p y one. It was all I could do to
dialog: stop him going to the authorities.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I still don't see the problem.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: He may not want a police involvement
dialog: but he's already threatened to file
dialog: suit. And he's one of the biggest
dialog: litigation attorneys in the city.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: That's why we have you, Ellen.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: That's why I asked Bernard to come out
dialog: here. To find out how it happened.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I told her, Henry. About synesthesia.
text: S a n g e r casts a betrayed look at Merrick. Then returns to Crowne-
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I t was a marginal problem. And it was
dialog: under control - according to Bernard.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: That's not the point. Whether or not
dialog: it's a factor in this instance, it
dialog: puts us in breach of the clone laws.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I t doesn't even touch their genetics.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: I'm talking about self-awareness. The
dialog: virtual humanity statutes require us
dialog: t o give them consciousness to the
dialog: l e v e l of functionality. But not beyond.
text: This gives Sanger pause. Crowne drags her cigarette acutely.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: L e g a l l y , we are naked on every level.
dialog: Federal legislature, state licensing,
dialog: sponsorship contract... But even if we
dialog: did manage to weather the legal storm,
dialog: we'd never survive the public scrutiny.
text: S a n g e r absorbs this, calmly shaking a pill from his pill bottle.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I've spent my entire career facing down
dialog: naysayers, Ellen. Don't think for a
dialog: second I'm afraid of facing them now.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: You remember cryogenics? At the outset,
dialog: people dismissed it as a rich man's
dialog: folly. Eccentric millionaires freezing
text: their brains, hoping to wake up in a new
dialog: body.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CROWNE (cont'd)
dialog: E v e n when cloning showed signs of
dialog: m a k i n g it feasible, it wasn't moral
dialog: a f f r o n t that caused the backlash. It
dialog: w a s the scope. The scope, Henry. When
dialog: t h e size of the customer base was
dialog: e x p o s e d , it screamed inequality - one
dialog: m e d i c i n e for the rich and one for the
dialog: p o o r . The pressure for accessible cryo-
dialog: genics a s good as buried the industry.
dialog: ( a pause for emphasis)
dialog: O u r graves are being dug as we speak,
dialog: g e n t l e m e n . Every passing second, they
dialog: g e t deeper. If we're going to survive,
dialog: w e have to act swiftly and decisively.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: A l r i g h t . What do you suggest?
text: S a n g e r dry swallows the pill. Ellen opens a contract folder.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: O u r security chief - I've been looking
dialog: at his file. Ex-marine, served in South
dialog: China - do we think he still has it in
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: ( r e a l i z i n g , suddenly harsh)
dialog: A r e you insane?
text: The i r eyes deadlock. Crowne gives Merrick a sideways glance.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: ` You ever wondered why Henry takes
dialog: those pills, Bernard? Why he doesn't
dialog: avail himself of his own technology?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: An agnate could give me a new heart
dialog: but to get it to function mentally...
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: B u l l s h i t , Henry. Bullshit. You don't
dialog: want to deal with reality. Only with
dialog: concept. I may not have been there at
dialog: the start but I heard the stories. You
dialog: wanted in on every aspect of
dialog: construction, from environmental
dialog: design right down to the classical
dialog: playlists. I t wasn't enough just to
dialog: make it work, was it? No, you wanted
dialog: your own little utopia.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CROWNE (cont'd)
dialog: Swanning a r o u n d in your mountain
dialog: r e t r e a t like some self-appointed
dialog: d e i t y . But when it comes to getting
dialog: y o u r hands dirty...
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: A r e you quite finished?
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: E v e n God has blood on his hands, Henry.
dialog: Are you going to watch it all go up in
dialog: flames or are you going to deal with it?
text: S a n g e r crosses to the window, looking down onto the city.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: You see that street down there...?
dialog: Running east from the stadium. My
dialog: father used to take me to church on
text: that street. An old Spanish church.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: What's your point?
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I didn't know they'd torn it down.
scene_heading: 177 INT . GUEST BEDROOM - KATHERINE'S HOUSE - EVENING
text: A floral bedroom. Ester lies in bed, wheezing, semi-conscious.
text: Katherine slips a pill between her lips and tips in some water.
text: Lincoln stands watching. Katherine ushers him out of the room.
scene_heading: 178 INT . KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: The kitchen is arrayed with modern technology but softened with
text: paintings and craftwork. A r t marginally overwhelming science.
text: Katherine starts making some herb tea in the traditional manner.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What did you give her?
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: J u s t something to help her sleep. I
dialog: think she has a bronchial infection.
dialog: But I'm not sure I should give her an
dialog: antibiotic in case it effects the baby.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: S o you know about the baby...
text: Katherine pauses, reality sinking its claws. She looks at him-
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Is n ' t that why you came here?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I found your name in the listings. I
dialog: wasn't sure. You don't look like her.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: The y have a plan... For women like me.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: S o you're the one who takes her baby.
text: Katherine winces at him. It's uttered so matter-of-factly. She
text: pauses, hanging her head, searching within herself.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: You know when you're young? How you
dialog: run around thinking you're immortal?
text: Lincoln ' s look says he has no idea. She seems not to notice.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: The r e was a lodeway accident. I was...
dialog: damaged. After that, I thought no man
dialog: would ever want me. I was wrong. His
dialog: name was John. He said he married me
dialog: for my eyes. Ocean eyes, he called
dialog: them. He always loved the ocean. Up
text: there on the wall, that's John's boat.
text: O f f her gesture, Lincoln glances at the wall. A watercolor of a
text: yacht. Meaningless to him but Katherine gazes it at, fondly-
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: But I think there was always an unspoken
dialog: regret between us. When we heard about
dialog: the technology, it was like... forgive-
dialog: n e s s , like a second chance. A child of
dialog: our own, part of both of us. Sailing
dialog: trips, fishing trips, so many plans...
dialog: ( a flat beat)
dialog: J o h n got cancer a year ago. He died.
text: He r eyes mist, distant and bittersweet, talking to herself now.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I r o n i c . That the same technology could
dialog: have saved his life. And now the baby
dialog: is the only part of him I have left.
dialog: And the boat. I still have the boat.
text: Lincoln looks discomfited. There's more to this than he thought.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: 179 INT. MOTEL ROOM - EVENING
text: S c h e e r opens the door. Merrick stands at the threshold with an
text: attache case. Scheer, seemingly unsurprised, brings him inside.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I told you we shouldn't have gone to
text: outside personnel. They were cowboys.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: We had no choice, Karl. We had to keep
dialog: this away from The Institute.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: An d now?
text: Merrick lowers in a chair, grim and leaden. He opens his attache
text: and pulls out a contract folder. He hands it to Scheer.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Your resignation papers. Maybe `early
dialog: retirement' would be more accurate...
text: S c h e e r leans forward, frowning, curious.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: T e n platinum bounty - if you sign the
dialog: papers, their loss becomes your gain.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: A parachute... So there's a jump?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: You understand that whatever happens,
dialog: The Institute must be able to deny it.
text: S c h e e r says nothing. Merrick reaches in the attache and pulls out
text: a case. Inside are a row of ampules and a pressure syringe-gun.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: We use a chemical to dispose of waste
dialog: product. It's called di-halcyonate. I t
dialog: reacts on a molecular level to start a
dialog: process of internal combustion. The
text: subject is incinerated from the inside
dialog: out. In post-mortem application it's
dialog: done its job before rigor mortis. In a
dialog: live subject, well... you can imagine.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: You want to dispose of your products.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I t ' s a little more complicated than
dialog: that. We have to be very... thorough.
dialog: If you still have it in you, that is.
text: S c h e e r gives him a sideways look. Then displays the USMC ring.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Why do you think I still wear this?
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I was discharged from the marines for
dialog: insubordination. If you asked anyone
dialog: i n my unit, they'd call it heroism. I
dialog: disobeyed an order to fall back. I took
text: out a bunker complex single-handed.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: S o you wear it is a badge of honor?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: N o . It wasn't bravery. I wasn't afraid
dialog: of dying. I just didn't care. You see,
dialog: I suddenly realized I was just a sack
dialog: of flesh with a heartbeat. Life, death,
dialog: I just couldn't see the point anymore.
text: Merrick allows a respectful pause, then-
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: You'll find a vehicle parked outside.
text: It's unregistered, difficult to trace.
dialog: I take it we have an agreement...?
scene_heading: 180 INT . KATHERINE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A slant of light falls across Ester, writhing in her sleep,
text: rasping. Katherine and Lincoln peer in through the doorway,
text: checking on her. Then Katherine quietly closes the door.
scene_heading: 181 INT . KATHERINE'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Lincoln paces around, feeling useless. Katherine considers him-
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: What do I call you?
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Lincoln . My name's Lincoln.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Lincoln , I think she needs professional
dialog: help. I think she needs to see a doctor.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: N o . They'll find her. They'll take her.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: N o t if I don't want them to.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: You don't understand. They don't want
dialog: people to know about her. Either of us.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: The doctor I'm thinking of, he's an
text: old friend. He look after John in
dialog: t h e final stages. I trust him.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Why ? So you can take her baby?
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: N o . No, that's not what I want.
text: O f f Lincoln's blunt look, she sighs, lowering into a chair.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: M a y b e I didn't realize she'd be so...
dialog: ( c u t s off, a deep pause)
dialog: M a y b e I just didn't want to. Either
dialog: way, I was wrong. I want you to know
dialog: that. I was wrong... And I'm sorry.
text: A heavy lull. Lincoln hangs his head, remembering.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: The y make you believe there's a place
dialog: called The Island. Then they take you
dialog: upstairs and put you to sleep. They
dialog: cut you open. They take pieces of you.
text: Katherine looks at him, intuiting. She allows a pause, then-
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: E v e n if I had taken her baby, I swear
dialog: to you, I'd never have... They give
dialog: you a choice, you see, to extend the
dialog: sponsorship after... after d e l i v e r y .
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: N o . I saw a lot of us go to The Island.
dialog: But I never saw anyone come back.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: You mean... Even if I had extended the
dialog: sponsorship, they'd have... and kept
dialog: taking the money? But that's inhuman.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: ( b e a t , a lost look)
dialog: Is it? I wouldn't know.
scene_heading: 182 INT . UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT - EVENING
text: A sleek low vehicle known as a "straker" pulls down the ramp.
scene_heading: 183 INT . APARTMENT BUILDING - EVENING
text: The orbs on the doors eyeball Scheer, moving up the corridor. He
text: stops at a doorway. Rings the bell. Tom Lincoln opens the door-
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I'm from the Sanger Institute.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I've given you people enough of my
dialog: time already.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I t ' s just a formality. I need to see
dialog: your sponsorship contract.
text: T o m pauses then lets Scheer inside. He crosses to the wall safe,
text: taps the keys. Then pulls out the contract folder. He offers it.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: Is this the only copy?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Why would I make copies? Do you think
dialog: I want anyone else to know about this?
text: S c h e e r accepts the folder. As Tom turns to close the safe, he
text: sets it down. And grabs Tom from behind, by the scalp, pressing
text: the syringe-gun into his jugular. A HISS. Tom clutches his throat
text: like it's on fire. With a boiling gurgle, he staggers forward.
text: Sweating, collapsing. Convulsing, belching steam. Then falling
text: slack. His skin starts to smolder. Scheer pauses, then tosses
text: t h e contract folder on top of him, leaving it to burn with him.
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: 184 EXT. NEW GAZA HOSPITAL - PHOENIX - NIGHT
text: E s t a b l i s h i n g . A clean facade of white steel and glass. A hatch-
text: b a c k vehicle known as a "corsair" pulls down the parking ramp.
scene_heading: 185 INT . UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT - NEW GAZA HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: The corsair pulls up at the ER entrance, Lincoln at the wheel.
text: Katherine gets out of the passenger side. A doctor is waiting -
text: 50's, caring face. His name is DR. ABRAMS. He looks curiously at
text: the man at the wheel. Then greets Katherine with a hug -
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: Katherine . . . It's good to see you. I
dialog: haven't seen you since John's funeral.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: We l l I've been keeping busy. Trying
dialog: to. Thanks for coming down to meet me.
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: Your call was a little cryptic. What
dialog: is it exactly that's wrong with you?
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I t ' s not me... Not exactly.
text: She opens the rear door of the corsair. Ester is lying on the
text: back seat. Dr. Abrams frowns as he notices the resemblance.
scene_heading: 186 EXT . THE RANCH HOUSE - SEDONA - NIGHT
text: The straker p u l l s up into the port.
scene_heading: 187 INT . THE STUDIO / MAIN HOUSE - SEDONA - NIGHT
text: The shadow of Scheer moving outside the windows, looking for a
text: point of entry. He inspects the studio door for alarms. Then
text: elbows the glass. Reaching inside, turning the lock. He enters
text: the studio, glancing at the sculptures. Moving through the home.
text: S i l e n t l y , systematically, checking the rooms. He reaches the
text: guest bedroom, looks around. Something catches his eye. Spots of
text: blood of the linens. Eyes honing, he moves on into the kitchen.
text: He discovers a holocom keypad on the counter. Taps some keys.
text: The holoframe flashes "REDIALLING". The holoframe snows with
text: static. Then a receptionist's face appears-
scene_heading: R E C E P T I O N I S T (ON HOLOCOM)
dialog: N e w Gaza Hospital, how may I help you?
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: 188 INT. WAITING ROOM - NEW GAZA HOSPITAL - NIGHT - LATER
text: Lincoln stands waiting. There are chairs but he's too tense to
text: sit. Katherine and Dr. Abrams now enter. Lincoln looks at them,
text: expectantly. There's a pause. Then Dr. Abrams speaks-
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: Your friend... she has pneumonia. At a
dialog: very advanced stage. Its progress has
text: been unchecked by her immune system.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: C a n you help her?
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: We have two options... One is a super-
dialog: b i o t i c . But there's the risk her immune
dialog: system might bow out of the fight. The
dialog: other is a nodal transfusion. Katherine
dialog: has agreed to be the donor. But the new
dialog: antibodies may not conform fully. They
dialog: m a y decide to attack the baby...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I don't understand any of this.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: He means that by trying to help her,
dialog: we could lose her. Or lose the baby.
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: Or , if we do nothing, both. Her immune
dialog: system is... remarkably unstable. If we
dialog: don't act, the infection will take over.
text: Lincoln lowers into a chair. He feels a pain somewhere. He can't
dialog: quite pin down where. Or what caused it. Or why it hurts so bad.
scene_heading: 189 INT . HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ester lies in bed, dozing, looking more relaxed. Her oxygen mask
text: makes breathing easier. Lincoln enters and sits beside her. She
text: stirs, meeting his eye with a faint smile. Lincoln returns it-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: He l l o , stranger.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: You look tired, Lincoln.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Ester...
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I t ' s okay. I know. Katherine told me.
text: She sits up, lowering her mask. Her hand finding his.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: She told me a lot of things. About how
dialog: they used a tiny part of her to make me.
dialog: She said it wasn't so very different.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: ( t o u c h i n g her belly)
dialog: F r o m this... From having a baby.
text: Lincoln nods. A pause. Ester continues, more troubled, wheezing-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: She told me how they use us... And I
dialog: keep thinking... about the others...
dialog: the ones we left behind, about how
dialog: they'll never know... how they'll...
text: Ester ' s out of breath again, coughing. Lincoln helps her put the
text: oxygen mask back over her mouth. Ester slumps back, relaxing.
text: Off Lincoln's worried look, she smiles at him with her eyes-
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I'm going to be okay, Lincoln.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I know.
text: But even to his own ears, the affirmation sounds hollow.
scene_heading: 190 INT . MEN'S ROOM - HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: The stream of water gushes into Lincoln's hands. He splashes his
text: face. Then looks at himself in the mirror. He looks sallow from
text: sleeplessness. The facial hair makes him look like a shadow of
text: his former self. For an instant he tenses at a light blinking in
text: the glass. Blue light. Like etherscreen. Then he sees it's just
text: a humidifier on the far wall. Tension ebbing, he splashes some
text: more water. When he looks up again, he sees his pupils are
text: dilating. The sense of danger. His voice comes in a cold whisper-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: No...
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: 191 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Lincoln emerges from the restroom, scanning for the danger's
text: source. Figures flash past in scrubs, white coats. Then he sees
text: it. The figure emerging from the elevator. The face of Scheer...
scene_heading: 192 INT . PREP ROOM - NIGHT
text: A flurry of disturbance from the nurses as someone barges into
text: the room. Dr. Abrams is prepping Katherine for the transfusion.
text: Off the ruckus, he looks up. Lincoln comes up to them, urgently-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: We have to go. We have to get her out.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: He's come for her. For us.
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: What e v e r this is about, we can't move
text: her. She's already under sedation.
text: Lincoln look to see Ester, asleep on the OR table beyond.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: How long before she wakes up?
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: The procedure takes three hours but...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: ( t o Katherine, emphatic)
dialog: You'll take care of it, won't you? Take
dialog: her somewhere they can't find her...
text: Katherine , understanding, simply nods. Lincoln takes a last look
text: at Ester, then departs. Dr. Abrams, bemused, turns to Katherine-
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: Katherine , what the hell's going on?
scene_heading: 193 EXT . HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Lincoln moves up the corridor, purpose in his stride. His black
text: gaze fixed on Scheer, making an inquiry at the nurse's station.
text: Lincoln doesn't even break stride. He GRABS SCHEER FROM BEHIND--
scene_heading: H U R L I N G HIM ACROSS THE NURSE STATION - INSTANT CONFUSION -
text: NURSES RUNNING - PEOPLE SHOUTING - Lincoln takes off at a run--
dialog: 125.
text: SCHEER RECOVERING - seeing his quarry through the confusion - no
text: time for subtlety - he leaps over the nurse's station - pursuing-
text: LINCOLN pauses at the emergency exit - checking to see his enemy
text: is following - then pushing on through the doors into--
scene_heading: 194 INT . STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: LINCOLN HAMMERS DOWN THE STEPS - an alarm sounding - shouting
text: from beyond - FOOTFALLS BEHIND HIM - deeper into the gloom-
text: S C H E E R VAULTING THE RAIL - shortcutting t h e flights of steps -
text: catching sight of his quarry as he pushes through a door into--
scene_heading: 195 INT . UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: LINCOLN BURSTS OUT INTO THE PARKING LOT - flashes of light -
text: vehicles pulling in and out - off across the parking docks -
text: S C H E E R BURSTS OUT IN HIS WAKE - his quarry temporarily lost -
text: now spotting him across the lot - leaping into a vehicle -
text: LINCOLN FIRES UP THE CORSAIR - resistors droning - jamming the
text: throttle - lurching out - NARROWLY MISSING ANOTHER VEHICLE -
text: S C H E E R SPINNING ROUND as the corsair blurs past - it's heading
text: for the exit ramp - he launches towards the straker -
scene_heading: 196 EXT . EXIT RAMP - THE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: T H E CORSAIR BURNS UP the parking ramp - SMASHING THE GATE ARM -
text: plunging out into the street - bouncing across the lodestream -
text: T H E STRAKER H U R T L E S UP close behind - into the snarl of traffic -
text: steering expertly through - picking up the tail of the corsair -
scene_heading: 197 EXT . STREETS OF PHOENIX - NIGHT
text: T H E CORSAIR PLOUGHS UP THE STREET - TRAFFIC SWERVING out of its
text: path - BUOYS CLANGING as it lurches from one lane to the next -
text: LINCOLN JAMS THE THROTTLE - the resistors buzzing, growling with
text: energy - he has one goal - draw his enemy away from Ester -
text: S C H E E R COOLLY INTENT at the controls of the straker - keeping a
dialog: certain distance - waiting for his quarry to make a mistake --
text: A METRO PD OFFICER PULLS OUT - mounted on a hybrid of motorbike
text: and jetski k n o w n as a "lode-runner" - SOUNDING THE SIREN--
text: S C H E E R REACTING - the PD lode-runner pulling ahead of him - he
text: can't allow a police intervention - he slips in behind --
dialog: 126.
text: THE METRO PD OFFICER - darting looks back - headlamps b l i n d i n g
text: his rear-view - another vehicle is coming up behind him fast -
scene_heading: - C L A N G - THE STRAKER I M P A C T S - glancing the PD lode-runner which
text: wobbles, corrects - the straker d r o p s back for a longer run up--
text: T H E METRO PD OFFICER - yelling into his headset - inaudible over
text: the siren - the headlamps a g a i n - the vehicle coming up behind--
text: - C R A S H - THE PD LODE-RUNNER fishtails - its resistors suddenly
text: clash with the prevailing polarity - A HUGE JOLT OF INERTIA-
text: C A T A P U L T I N G THE METRO PD OFFICER through the air - plummeting
text: down into obscurity - THE STRAKER W H O O S H I N G OVER HIS HEAD -
text: T H E PD LODE-RUNNER LEFT SPINNING behind - resistors vying with
text: the polarity - the drive system melting down - FUSING, SPARKING--
scene_heading: - B O O M - THE PD LODE-RUNNER EXPLODES IN A FLASH OF ELECTRICAL FIRE-
text: S C H E E R watches the fireball in his rear-view - there will be more
text: police soon - he jams the throttle - he has to end this.
text: LINCOLN SEEING THE STRAKER Z O O M I N G UP BEHIND - veering round
text: another corner - the chassis tilting - A STEEP BANKING TURN -
text: T H E CORSAIR HULL RUNNERS THUDDING across the buffers - recoil
text: sending the chassis up against the concrete - SPARKS FLYING--
text: S C H E E R TURNING THE CORNER - the windshield suddenly sprayed with
text: sparks - jerking back on the throttle to avoid a collision -
text: LINCOLN FIGHTING TO CORRECT THE STEERING - seeing the straker
text: d r o p p i n g back - a chance to gain distance - JAMMING THE THROTTLE-
text: A N INTERSECTION APPROACHING - Lincoln can't correct his steering
text: in time - the corsair careens at full res over the intersection--
text: C R A S H I N G THROUGH A GATE ARM - the ground dropping away into a
text: steep ramp - suddenly the corsair is flying through the air--
scene_heading: C R A S H I N G - SQUEALING ONWARDS - SCUDDING ACROSS VEHICLE ROOFS,
text: finally nose-diving into an empty bay with a DEAFENING CRUNCH-
scene_heading: 198 EXT . ENTRANCE - HOLSPAR STADIUM - NIGHT
text: The straker p u l l s up at the smashed gate arm. In the booth, a
text: holoserve p a r k i n g attendant greets the arrival with a smile-
scene_heading: P A R K I N G ATTENDANT
dialog: We l c o m e to Holspar S t a d i u m , home of the
dialog: Phoenix Admirals, parking is fifteen
dialog: currency units...
dialog: 127.
text: Scheer gets out of the straker. He looks down at the crashsite
text: b e l o w . The parking lot, like a marina, is filled to capacity. A
text: game is in progress. A corona of light coming from the stadium.
text: Hoots, music, the roaring crowd. Over which, sirens can now be
text: heard. Scheer draws the syringe-gun and heads down the ramp.
scene_heading: 199 EXT . PARKING LOT - HOLSPAR STADIUM - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER
text: D u s t blooms from the crashsite. S c h e e r crouches, peering down at
text: the wrecked corsair. The burst windshield, the dangling driver
text: side door shows his quarry has escaped the wreckage. He rises
text: and scans around. On the concrete, a trail of blood is visible.
scene_heading: 200 INT . STORAGE AREA - HOLSPAR STADIUM - MINUTES LATER
text: The blood trail leads down a gloomy stairwell. The game is just
text: audible overhead. Lincoln stumbles down the steps, clutching his
text: bleeding arm. Between pain and concussion, he loses his footing
text: and falls. He tumbles down the remaining steps to the bottom.
dialog: I n the gloom we see groundskeeping e q u i p m e n t , supplies - edgers,
text: aerators, spray rigs, drums of insecticides, herbicides. For a
text: moment, Lincoln lies stunned. Then hears a noise and rolls over.
text: He looks up the stairwell. A shadow is descending towards him.
text: W i t h painful effort, Lincoln starts crawling across the floor,
text: eyes fixed on the shadow. Tensing as A HANDGUN noses out of the
text: darkness. Then A STADIUM SECURITY GUARD steps into the light -
speaker_heading: S E C U R I T Y GUARD
dialog: You , what are you doing down here?
text: N o w he sees Lincoln more closely - injured, his arm bleeding.
speaker_heading: S E C U R I T Y GUARD
dialog: O h , Jesus... Are you okay, son?
text: Lincoln eases a little as he sees the security guard lower his
text: weapon. Then suddenly the guard is JERKED BACK BY THE SCALP.
text: A HISS. Now suddenly the guard jettisons the handgun, clutching
text: his throat like it's on fire. With a boiling gurgle, he staggers
text: forward. Streaming with sweat. Toppling across a herbicide drum.
text: Convulsing, belching steam. Then suddenly his body falls slack.
text: S c h e e r is at the foot of the steps, discarding the spent ampule
text: from the syringe-gun. Now screwing a fresh ampule into place.
text: Lincoln turns to him, realizing what he's just witnessed is a
text: glimpse of his own fate. He pushes himself upright, bracing.
text: S c h e e r looks at him. Clutching his bloody arm, barely able to
text: stay upright, but still ready to fight for life. He half-smiles-
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: SCHEER
dialog: I'm jealous of you. You have a reason to
dialog: live. I can't say I've ever had that...
text: Lincoln holds his gaze, looking deep in his eyes. Then, as if
text: scared by what he sees there, starts inching away, glancing at--
text: T H E GUARD'S BODY SMOLDERING - lowering, melting through the drum-
text: S C H E E R MOVING FORWARD, the smile leaving his face. A mask of
text: hollowness as he moves in on his quarry, the syringe-gun poised.
text: LINCOLN STUMBLING - collapsing to his knees - hanging his head
text: as if in surrender... then suddenly his hand flies up-
text: - B O O M - A FLASH OF LIGHT as he fires THE HANDGUN - recovered from
text: the ground - AN ENERGY PULSE impacting the wall, fizzling out--
text: S C H E E R KEEPS COMING, syringe-gun ready, blank-faced, unflinching-
text: T H E GUARD'S BODY CRACKLING INTO FLAME - the drum splitting open--
text: - B O O M - ANOTHER FLASH - Lincoln fires again - clipping his enemy--
text: S C H E E R KEEPS COMING, a charred wound in his shoulder, relentless-
text: T H E GUARD'S BODY BURNING - sliding into the sands of herbicide -
scene_heading: - B O O M - B O O M - B O O M - LINCOLN KEEPS FIRING - more hits than misses--
text: S C H E E R KEEPS COMING, blank faced, his body PITTING WITH IMPACTS--
scene_heading: A BLINDING FLARE OF LIGHT - THE HERBICIDE IGNITING - THE DRUM
scene_heading: EXPLODING - STARTING A CHAIN REACTION - OTHER DRUMS IGNITING -
scene_heading: EXPLODING - FIRE - SMOKE - ENGULFING ALL IN A BLAZING INFERNO...
speaker_heading: D I S S O L V I N G TO:
scene_heading: 201 INT . TOP OF STAIRWELL - NIGHT - MUCH LATER
text: A cacophony of sirens can be heard outside. A thick grey smoke
text: gulches up from the stairwell. Shadows are visible. The sound of
text: extinguishers. A FIREMAN climbs up, emerging from the smoke, he
text: pulls off his breathing mask to address a waiting PD officer-
speaker_heading: T H E FIREMAN
dialog: N o t h i n g . . . If there was anyone down
text: there, they're a pile of ashes now.
text: F A D E TO BLACK.
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: 202 EXT. CEMETERY - SOME DAYS LATER
text: P e a c e . Sunlight. A bell tolling in the background. We make out
text: Katherine, dressed in black, standing at a grave. The headstone
dialog: reads simply: "Here Lies Ester &amp; Her Unborn Son - May They Rest
text: In Peace". There are no dates. Katherine lays down some flowers
text: then looks across at Dr. Abrams. As he escorts her away, we see
text: Crowne crossing towards them. She introduces herself delicately-
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: M r s . Ester? My name is Ellen Crowne.
scene_heading: 203 INT . CEO'S OFFICE - THE SANGER INDUSTRIES TOWER - DAY
text: A celestial penthouse office. Katherine enters with Crowne.
text: Merrick and Dr. Sanger rise to greet her. Strained solemnity.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: M y name is Henry Sanger. I'd like to
dialog: offer my deepest condolences.
text: His insincerity is transparent. Katherine just nods stiffly.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: This is Bernard Merrick our facility
dialog: director. He knew Ester personally.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: An d it's a terrible loss.
text: M o r e insincerity. Katherine nods again. Then settles in a chair.
text: Crowne allows a respectful pause. Then begins with due delicacy-
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: L e g a l issues must seem trivial at this
dialog: time. But the sponsorship agreement has
dialog: certain conditions relating to confident-
dialog: i a l i t y . D e s p i t e this tragic t u r n of
dialog: events, those conditions remain binding.
dialog: We want to be sure you understand that.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: T h a t said, The Institute is likewise
dialog: bound by the terms of sponsorship and
dialog: while we reserve every right...
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: You can stop there. I know why I'm
dialog: here. You wanted to know if I'm going
dialog: to sue you for breach of contract.
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: N o t h i n g so devious, Mrs. Ester. We
dialog: simply wanted to find some way to
dialog: heal the wounds from this incident.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I don't want restitution, Dr. Sanger.
dialog: The reason I agreed to this meeting
dialog: was to have the chance to talk to you.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: O f course. Please...
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I never got to meet you when I visited
dialog: The Institute. It was one of your sales-
dialog: m e n who led the tour. I remember how
dialog: h e described the agnates a s if they
dialog: were some kind of mindless organisms.
dialog: More like livestock than humanity...
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: L e g a l l y , human rights don't apply.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: Don't interrupt, Ellen.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I remember how eager I was to believe
dialog: him. But when I saw w h a t I'd created,
dialog: in flesh and blood, when I touched h e r ,
dialog: it was I who felt less than human.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: I understand.
text: He looks at her expressively. Perhaps he really does understand.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Ester ' s life was my responsibility and
dialog: her death is my cross to bear alone. So
dialog: I'm not going to sue you, Dr. Sanger...
dialog: ( b e a t , a sudden ominous tone)
dialog: But I am going to blame y o u . Until the
dialog: day I die, I will silently curse your
dialog: name. That's w h a t I wanted you to know.
text: She drives it home with a horrible look. Sanger accepts it with
text: due gravity. There's an ugly pause. Katherine gets to her feet.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: An d now I'd like to leave, please.
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: We do have other issues to discuss...
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: N o , Ellen, that's enough. I think Mrs.
dialog: Ester has said all there is to say.
scene_heading: 204 EXT . STREET - OUTSIDE THE SANGER INDUSTRIES TOWER - DAY
text: Katherine descends the steps from the entrance. She crosses to a
text: black funeral sedan, parked kerbside. D r . Abrams stands waiting-
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: I hope you know what you're doing.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I don't think they suspected anything.
speaker_heading: D R . ABRAMS
dialog: J u s t understand that I've put a lot on
dialog: the line for you, Katherine.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: I know... But it felt good. It felt
dialog: like something John would have done.
scene_heading: 205 INT . ROOFTOP FLIGHTPAD - THE SANGER INDUSTRIES TOWER
text: C r o w n e escorts Sanger and Merrick to the waiting whisper.
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: We l l , I don't know about the two of
dialog: you but I'd say we got off lightly.
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: Did we?
speaker_heading: CROWNE
dialog: Don't start getting maudlin, Henry.
text: It's a little too late in the game.
text: She shakes their hands as they climb into the whisper. Then
text: watches it take off, ascending into the blinding sunlight.
speaker_heading: D I S S O L V E TO:
scene_heading: 206 EXT . THE SANGER INSTITUTE - SOME WEEKS LATER
text: A i r blasts up from the giant funnel. Widening, we re-establish
text: the huge ring, the processing plant, the giant appendages of
text: ducting, the immutable red rocks. The shot sequence, reprising.
text: From the processing plant, over the main complex. From the front
text: of the complex, to the dock.
dialog: 132.
text: Following the lodeway out to the perimeter wall. The gateway now
text: gliding open to disclose a view of the shimmering desert. Out in
text: the distance, the institute liner emerging from the shimmer. The
dialog: crosshatch insignia.
scene_heading: 207 INT . ENTRANCE HALL - THE SANGER INSTITUTE - DAY
text: T h r o u g h the polarized glass we see the liner has docked. A TOUR
text: GROUP is disembarking. Another parade of plutocracy, aging
dialog: bloated me and brittle young women. They filter inside to be
text: greeted by the courtesy staff, led by the ever-perky LYDIA.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: L a d i e s and gentlemen, my name is Lydia
dialog: and on behalf of our staff, I'd like
dialog: t o welcome you to The Sanger Institute.
dialog: Before we start the tour, we'll be serv-
dialog: i n g r e f r e s h m e n t s in the visitor center
dialog: and circulating our standard discretion
dialog: agreements. I should add that today you
dialog: are all very lucky because our CEO and
dialog: founder, Dr. Henry Sanger, is with us
dialog: and will be leading the tour personally.
scene_heading: 208 INT . VISITOR CENTER - THE SANGER INSTITUTE - DAY
text: The tour group pick and mingle at a buffet. We isolate a
text: casually dressed man, lightly bearded, in a Phoenix Admirals
text: cap, crossing to Lydia. She turns to greet him with a smile-
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Yes . . . Mr. Thomas, isn't it?
text: The man tilts up to reveal his face. We see he is LINCOLN...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I can't find my sunglasses. I think I
dialog: left them on the shuttle.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: We l l we're about to start the tour.
dialog: But I can have someone check for you.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Don't worry. I'll catch up.
scene_heading: 209 EXT . PROCESSING PLANT - DAY
text: Lincoln moves quickly along the wall towards the back of the
text: complex. Hugging the shadows, scanning for onlookers. There is
text: the processing plant and there, the ring of funnels. The sight
text: brings a sudden rush of memories, painful memories, horrors.
dialog: 133.
text: Lincoln steels himself, then breaks from shadow and races for
text: the nearest funnel. He makes a running lap. His fingers grab
text: t h e lip of the funnel and he pulls himself up. Reaching the lip,
text: he finds the funnel mouth has been gridded o v e r . Then he hears-
speaker_heading: A VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: S i r , this is a restricted area...
text: Lincoln lowers back to the ground. He finds himself facing A
text: TECHNICIAN in a hardhat. His uniform reads "Air Processing".
scene_heading: 210 INT . ELEVATOR - PROCESSING PLANT
text: The doors slide open and the technician enters, stiffly. Then
text: suddenly topples forward, pistol whipped from behind. Lincoln
text: enters the elevator, a familiar handgun clenched in his fist.
scene_heading: 211 INT . ELEVATOR SHAFT
text: L o o k i n g up an elevator shaft. The red pulse of the lode-poles,
text: rippling downward as the elevator descends from the surface.
scene_heading: 212 INT . ELEVATOR - DESCENDING
text: Lincoln is now wearing the technician's uniform. He watches the
text: panel lights flashing down. "Level 3: Harvest" "Level 5: Labor
text: Decon", "Level 7: Labor Quarters". His pupils are dilating but
text: his face is set with determination. He knows what he must do.
text: His gaze drifts down to "Level Twenty: Agnate Containment".
scene_heading: 213 INT . THE ETHER GRID
text: The holographic rendering of containment spins in the vaulted
text: chamber like a giant geometrical phantom. The ether blinks with
text: blue dots in their hundreds as the agnates g o about their day.
scene_heading: 214 INT . ETHER CONTROL ROOM
text: O v e r l o o k i n g the ether, Ethercon sits at his console. The hiss of
text: an opening door as someone enters. Ethercon looks round. He
text: greets the technician's arrival with an inquisitive look. Then
text: the technician takes off his hardhat. A crosshatch on his brow.
text: Ethercon reacts almost instantly, reaching for the console. Then
text: instantly freezes as Lincoln presses the handgun to his skull.
scene_heading: 215 INT . CORRIDOR - LEVEL TWENTY SEVEN
text: P a l e blue light. Ethercon leads the way down a silent corridor.
text: Lincoln follows him, the handgun firmly levelled on his head.
dialog: 134.
scene_heading: 216 INT. CHAMBER - LEVEL TWENTY SEVEN
text: The pale blue light sustains. The chamber is reminiscent of the
text: foundation chambers. The walls lined with tanks. But instead of
text: amber fluid, these contain blocks of ice. Beside each tank is a
text: grid of bio-monitors. E t h e r c o n stumbles into frame, prodded by
text: Lincoln. Then, with a trembling finger points to one of the
text: tanks. Lincoln holds aim on him and considers the glass facet.
text: He wipes the condensation off the glass. Suspended in the block
text: of ice is a shadow. A human figure. A device is attached to his
text: stomach. Lincoln looks at the bio-monitors. A screen reads:
scene_heading: " P R O D U C T ID: STARKWEATHER/ FOUNDATION: II/ GENERATION: DELTA".
text: Lincoln looks across the EKG, the cardiograph, indications that
text: Starkweather is still alive. Then he fixes on the RFI m o n i t o r . A
text: resonant image of the brain. The shifting aura showing a level of
dialog: consciousness. What thoughts must be going through that mind?
dialog: The fate of the agnates s p a r e d from expiration. To be kept on
text: i c e for future harvest. With a haggard look, Lincoln rests his
text: hand on the glass where Starkweather hangs frozen. Connecting.
scene_heading: 217 INT . SALES HALL - THE INSTITUTE - DAY
text: An embryo in mutated effigy hangs suspended in the amber fluid.
text: Dr. Sanger stands at the wall of display tanks, mid-way through
text: his sales pitch. He delivers it now with noticeably less gusto-
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER
dialog: C a s e in point, the clone. Back in the
dialog: beginning, the mapping of the human
dialog: genome was declared a historic landmark-
dialog: to break the curse of heredity, to
dialog: correct congenital defect... genetic
dialog: engineering became the brave new world
dialog: of medical science. A bright future
dialog: that led to a dark age and much of...
dialog: ( a n abrupt pause, a frown)
dialog: . . . l e g i s l a t i o n we know today. But while
dialog: the clone laws may have narrowed the
text: field, science marches on. Only to...
dialog: ( a n o t h e r abrupt pause)
dialog: I'm sorry, I'm f...
text: S u d d e n l y he clutches his arm, emitting a guttural gasp.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
speaker_heading: DR. SANGER?
text: S a n g e r just looks at her. Then jolts from a spasm, clawing at
text: his chest. His knees buckling, he topples against a display
text: case. Pawing at the glass, he slides dreadfully to the ground.
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: He's having a heart attack! A doctor!
dialog: Somebody get a doctor in here!
text: The tour group keeps their distance, unsettled by the face of
text: mortality. Sanger is now lying in contortion on the floor, his
text: gaping eyes fixed on the display tank. The embryo in mutated
text: effigy, rocking about in the amber fluid. The sight of this
text: little human monster is one that will follow him to the grave.
scene_heading: 218 INT . DIRECTOR'S OFFICE - CONTAINMENT
text: The glass wall looks down on the avenue and the agnates m i l l i n g
text: beneath. Merrick sits at his console. Business as usual. Off a
text: buzz, he taps a button. The door opens and A CENSOR bursts in-
speaker_heading: CENSOR
dialog: S i r , I've been trying to contact you.
dialog: It's the ether... Something's wrong.
text: Merrick taps another button and the glass wall frosts over. It
text: pixellates o n t o an image of his own face. A recorded playback-
speaker_heading: Merrick (P/B O N ETHERSCREEN)
dialog: We l l , Starkweather, if you're watching
dialog: on etherscreen - your time has come, my
dialog: friend! You're going to The Island!
scene_heading: P / B J U M P CUT TO: STARKWEATHER RUNNING IN AN ULTRAVIOLET HAZE,
scene_heading: MEETING WHITE UNIFORMS, ZIGZAGGING OVER CROSSWALKS, DOWN RAMPS.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: ( s t a b s at a key on his console)
dialog: E t h e r c o n ! Ether control, come in!
scene_heading: P / B J U M P CUT TO: STARKWEATHER RUNNING FOR HIS LIFE, LURCHING
scene_heading: FROM IMPACTS, HOOKHEADS B I T I N G INTO HIS BACK, SPRAYING BLOOD-
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: An y o n e ! Somebody pick up!
scene_heading: P / B J U M P CUT TO: STARKWEATHER DANGLING IN MID-AIR LIKE A FISH ON
text: A HOOK -- SCHEER LOOKING UP AT HIM LIKE A CURIOUS ZOO EXHIBIT.
speaker_heading: CENSOR
dialog: That's what I mean. We can't get
text: through. The circuits are locked.
scene_heading: P / B J U M P CUT TO: STARKWEATHER CLUMPING DOWN A CORRIDOR,
scene_heading: C L U T C H I N G HIS OPEN STOMACH, BLOOD STREAMING DOWN HIS LEGS.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: How wide is this going?
dialog: 136.
scene_heading: P/B J U M P CUT TO: CENSORS SHROUDING STARKWEATHER'S FACE WITH A
scene_heading: WHITE HOOD -- BINDING HIS WRISTS AND ANKLES IN PLASTIC CUFFS --
speaker_heading: CENSOR
dialog: C o m m u n i t y - w i d e , sir. Everywhere.
scene_heading: P / B J U M P CUT TO: CENSORS DRAGGING STARKWEATHER AWAY. THE LOOP OF
text: INTESTINE PLUMPING FROM HIS BELLY. THE BLOODSMEAR O N THE FLOOR.
scene_heading: 219 INT . CONTAINMENT
text: I N T E R C U T T I N G : Agnates a t workstations watching on visors. In the
text: subway watching on platform banner. In the plaza watching on the
text: glass wall. An agnate in an apartment, watching on a wall panel.
text: P / B J U M P CUT TO: A STILL IMAGE OF STARKWEATHER'S STORAGE TANK.
text: T H E BLINKING GRID OF BIO-MONITORS. T H E SHADOW IN THE BLOCK OF ICE.
text: We are still in the apartment when the playback cuts out. The
text: agnate looks around as every piece of glass dissolves to trans-
text: parency. The mirror panels, the frosted walls, the window, which
text: now shows no view at all. Just the gleam of a holographic lens.
scene_heading: 220 INT . DIRECTOR'S OFFICE
text: Merrick looks down from the glass wall at the agnates m a s s e d in
text: the avenue beneath. They are all looking directly up at him.
scene_heading: 221 INT . ETHER CONTROL ROOM
text: Alarms sounding. The ether grid blinking with red dots. Ethercon
text: sitting frozen at the console, the handgun pressed to his head.
text: Lincoln stands over him. His face cast in a chill of vengeance.
scene_heading: 222 INT . RESIDENTIAL BLOCK - DAY
text: A glass facade. A noise from within. A primal, guttural noise,
text: building to a roar. Now warping as we drop to slow motion. The
text: glass webbing, bursting open from within, the facade exploding
text: in a GLITTERING SHOWER OF SHARDS...
text: S L O W FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 223 INT . BASEMENT - A YEAR LATER
dialog: No windows. No clue of where we may be. A safehouse somewhere.
text: The passage of time is marked on Lincoln's face, careworn, long
text: hair, a full beard. He sits in front of a data tablet, his image
text: recorded on its screen. His voice also seems older as he speaks-
dialog: 137.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I t ' s been a year since the breakout. A
dialog: year in hiding, waiting for things to
dialog: quiet down. I don't know how many made
dialog: i t out or how many who did, survived. I
dialog: know there are people called politicians
dialog: trying to say it never happened. That's
dialog: why I've kept this journal. To keep the
dialog: truth alive. Alive... I've learned what
dialog: that means but it still confuses me. In
dialog: functional terms, I've been alive for ten
dialog: years. In human terms, more than thirty.
dialog: Human... I'm not sure about that one
dialog: either. They say I'm not human because
dialog: I have no mother or father. I guess I
dialog: have more to learn. But one word I do
dialog: understand is hope. So maybe this
dialog: j o u r n a l will give hope - to those like
dialog: me, who may be out there. To know
dialog: t h e y ' r e not alone. My name is Lincoln
dialog: S i x - E c h o and this is my testament...
text: He sits back, contemplating the screen with an air of closure.
text: Then he stirs at a sound. At first just a gurgle. Then a moan.
text: Becoming the sound of A BABY CRYING. Lincoln crosses to a cot.
text: He lifts up a baby boy, 6 months old, bawling and squirming.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Is he hungry again? I just fed him.
text: Ester steps into the room, sleep-mussed, her beauty deepened by
text: maternity. The baby reaches out for her. Lincoln hands him over-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Lincoln Junior, huh? It still doesn't
dialog: sound right. That name.
speaker_heading: ESTER
dialog: I t ' s the name of his father.
text: She lovingly kisses him. Lincoln smiles at her, then the baby,
text: sweeping the hair from the forehead. Unscarred, blemishless.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: We should finish packing.
scene_heading: 224 EXT . JETTY - THE PACIFIC COAST - DAWN
text: A private jetty stretches out to a pile of supply canisters. A
text: yacht is moored. We recognized it as John's boat. And we recognize
text: Katherine, holding the baby as Lincoln and Ester finish loading.
text: The last canister stowed, Lincoln comes up to her. He smiles at
text: the sight of her with the baby. Then prompts her gently-
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Time to go.
text: Katherine hesitates, part of her unwilling to let the baby go.
text: Then she plants a lingering kiss on his downy hair and lets
text: Ester take him. Lincoln presents her with the data tablet-
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: You'll make sure this gets out?
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Yes . There are people sympathetic to
dialog: the cause. I'm going to get it to them.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: Thank you, Katherine. For everything.
text: He smiles. Katherine points to a canister left on the dock.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Don't forget that. It has the
text: operating manuals for the boat.
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: I've been looking at them for months.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: But the maps, the charts...
speaker_heading: LINCOLN
dialog: ( b e a t ; a meaningful look)
dialog: I don't need them either.
text: Katherine nods, understanding. Nothing more to say, she hugs him.
text: Then turns to Ester with the baby. She folds them in a yearning,
text: almost maternal embrace. Tears well in her eyes. Then the sorrow
text: turns to laughter as the baby starts tugging at her gray hair.
scene_heading: 225 EXT . THE PACIFIC - DAWN
text: The sun rises in the east, casting the coastline in silhouette.
text: The light glows across Lincoln's face, at the helm of the yacht,
text: staring back to the shore. He looks at Ester sitting beside him,
text: the baby swaddled in a blanket at her breast. Then he looks out
text: to the west, to the soft reach of dawn and the boundless horizon
dialog: of sea. There never was an island. But perhaps there will be...
speaker_heading: T H E END
dialog: 
