text: 
speaker_heading: THE MATRIX
dialog: Written by
dialog: Larry and Andy Wachowski
dialog: April 8, 1996
text: FADE IN ON:
speaker_heading: COMPUTER SCREEN
dialog: So close it has no boundaries.
text: A blinking cursor pulses in the electric darkness like a
text: heart coursing with phosphorous light, burning beneath
text: the derma of black-neon glass.
text: A PHONE begins to RING, we hear it as though we were
text: making the call. The cursor continues to throb,
text: relentlessly patient, until --
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
text: Data now slashes across the screen, information flashing
dialog: faster than we read.
speaker_heading: SCREEN
dialog: Call trans opt: received.
text: 2-19-96 13:24:18 REC:Log&gt;
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: I'm inside. Anything to report?
text: We listen to the phone conversation as though we were on
text: a third line. The man's name is CYPHER. The woman,
speaker_heading: TRINITY.
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: Let's see. Target left work at
text: 5:01 PM.
speaker_heading: SCREEN
dialog: Trace program: running.
text: The entire screen fills with racing columns of numbers.
text: Shimmering like green-electric rivets, they rush at a 10-
text: digit phone number in the top corner.
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: He caught the northbound Howard
dialog: line. Got off at Sheridan.
dialog: Stopped at 7-11. Purchased six-
dialog: pack of beer and a box of Captain
dialog: Crunch. Returned home.
text: The area code is identified. The first three numbers
text: suddenly fixed, leaving only seven flowing columns.
text: We begin MOVING TOWARD the screen, CLOSING IN as each
text: digit is matched, one by one, snapping into place like
text: the wheels of a slot machine.
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: All right, you're relieved. Use
text: the usual exit.
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: Do you know when we're going to
dialog: make contact?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Soon.
text: Only two thin digits left.
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: Just between you and me, you don't
dialog: believe it, do you? You don't
dialog: believe this guy is the one?
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: I think Morpheus believes he is.
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: I know. But what about you?
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: I think Morpheus knows things that
dialog: I don't.
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, but if he's wrong --
text: The final number pops into place --
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: Did you hear that?
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: Hear what?
speaker_heading: SCREEN
dialog: Trace complete. Call origin:
speaker_heading: #312-555-0690
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: Are you sure this line is clean?
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, course I'm sure.
text: We MOVE STILL CLOSER, the ELECTRIC HUM of the green
text: numbers GROWING INTO an OMINOUS ROAR.
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: I better go.
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah. Right. See you on the other side.
text: She hangs up as we PASS THROUGH the numbers, entering the
text: netherworld of the computer screen.
text: Where gradually the sound of a police radio grows around
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.O.)
dialog: Attention all units. Attention
dialog: all units.
text: Suddenly, a flashlight cuts open the darkness and we find
dialog: ourselves in --
scene_heading: INT. CHASE HOTEL - NIGHT
dialog: The hotel was abandoned after a fire licked its way
text: across the polyester carpeting, destroying several rooms
text: as it spooled soot up the walls and ceiling leaving
text: patterns of permanent shadow.
text: We FOLLOW four armed POLICE officers using flashlights as
text: they creep down the blackened hall and ready themselves
text: on either side of room 303.
text: The biggest of them violently kicks in the door --
text: The other cops pour in behind him, guns thrust before
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: BIG COP
dialog: Police! Freeze!
text: The room is almost devoid of furniture. There is a fold-
text: up table and chair with a phone, a modern, and a powerbook
text: computer. The only light in the room is the glow of the
dialog: computer.
text: Sitting there, her hands still on the keyboard, is
text: TRINITY; a woman in black leather.
speaker_heading: BIG COP
dialog: Get your hands behind your head!
text: Trinity rises.
speaker_heading: BIG COP
dialog: Hands behind your head! Now! Do
dialog: it!
text: She slowly puts her hands behind her head.
scene_heading: EXT. CHASE HOTEL - NIGHT
text: A black sedan with tinted windows glides in through the
text: police cruisers.
text: AGENT SMITH and AGENT BROWN get out of the car.
dialog: They wear dark suits and sunglasses even at night. They
dialog: are also always hardwired; small Secret Service earphones
text: in one ear, its cord coiling back into their shirt
dialog: collars.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Oh shit.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Lieutenant, you were given
dialog: specific orders --
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: I'm just doing my job. You gimme
dialog: that Juris-my dick-tion and you
dialog: can cran it up your ass.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: The orders were for your protection.
text: The Lieutenant laughs.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: I think we can handle one little
dialog: girl.
text: Agent Smith nods to Agent Brown as they start toward the
dialog: hotel.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: I sent two units. They're
dialog: bringing her down now.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: No, Lieutenant, your men are dead.
scene_heading: INT. CHASE HOTEL
text: The Big Cop flicks out his cuffs, the other cops holding
dialog: a bead. They've done this a hundred times, they know
text: they've got her, until the Big Cop reaches with the cuff
dialog: and Trinity moves --
text: It almost doesn't register, so smooth and fast, inhumanly
dialog: fast.
text: The eye blinks and Trinity's palm. snaps up and the nose
text: explodes, blood erupting. The cop is dead before he
text: begins to fall.
dialog: And Trinity is moving again --
text: Seizing a wrist, misdirecting a gun, as a startled cop
dialog: FIRES --
text: A head explodes.
text: In blind panic, another airs his gun, the barrel, a fixed
dialog: black hole --
dialog: And FIRES --
text: Trinity twists out of the way, the bullet missing as she
text: reverses into a roundhouse kick, knocking the gun away.
text: The cop begins to scream when a jump kick crushes his
text: windpipe, killing the scream as he falls to the ground.
text: She looks at the four bodies.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: EXT. CHASE HOTEL
text: Agent Brown enters the hotel, while Agent Smith heads for
text: the alley.
scene_heading: INT. CHASE HOTEL
text: Trinity is on the phone, pacing. The other end is
dialog: answered.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Operator.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Morpheus! The link was traced! I
dialog: don't know how.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: I know. Stay calm.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Are there any agents?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Goddamnit!
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: You have to focus. There is a
dialog: phone. Wells and Laxe. You can
dialog: make it.
text: She takes a deep breath, centering herself.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: All right --
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Go.
text: She drops the phone.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: She bursts out of the room as Agent Brown enters the hall,
text: leading another unit of police. Trinity races to the
text: opposite end, exiting through a broken window onto the
text: fire escape.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE E5CAPE
text: In the alley below, Trinity sees Agent Smith staring at
dialog: her. She can only go up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF
text: On the roof, Trinity is running as Agent Brown rises over
text: the parapet, leading the cops in pursuit.
text: Trinity begins to jump from one roof to the next, her
text: moverents so clean, gliding in and out of each jump,
text: contrasted to the wild jumps of the cops.
text: Agent Brown, however, has the same unnatural grace.
text: The METAL SCREAM of an EL TRAIN is heard and Trinity
text: turns to it, racing for the back of the building.
text: The edge falls away into a wide back alley. The next
text: building is over 40 feet away, but Trinity's face is
text: perfectly calm, staring at some point beyond the other
text: roof.
text: The cops slow, realizing they are about to see something
text: ugly as Trinity drives at the edge, launching herself
text: into the air.
text: From above, the ground seems to flow beneath her as she
dialog: hangs in flight
text: Then hitting, somersaulting up, still running hard.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Motherfucker -- that's impossible!
text: They stare, slack-jawed, as Agent Brown duplicates the
text: move exactly, landing, rolling over a shoulder, up onto
text: one knee.
text: Just below the building are the runbling tracks of
text: riveted steel. The TRAIN SCREECHES beneath her, a
text: rattling blur of gray metal. Trinity junps, landing
dialog: easily.
text: She looks back just as Agent Brown hurls through the air
dialog: barely reaching the last car
text: Agent Brown stands, yanking out a gun.
text: Trinity is running hard as BULLETS WHISTLE past her head.
text: Ahead she sees her only chance, 50 feet beyond the point
text: where the train has begun to turn, there is --
text: A window; a yellow glow in the midst of a dark brick
dialog: building.
text: Trinity zeroes in on it, running as hard as she can, her
text: speed compounded by the train. The SCREAM of the STEEL
text: rises as she nears the edge where the train rocks into the
text: turn.
text: Trinity hurtles into the empty night space, her body
text: leveling into a dive. She falls, arms covering her head
dialog: as --
text: The whole world seems to spin on its axis --
text: And she crashes with an EXPLOSION of GLASS and WOOD, then
text: falls onto a back stairwell, tumbling, bouncing down
text: stairs bleeding, broken --
dialog: But still alive.
text: Through the smashed window, she glimpses Agent Brown,
text: still on the train, his tie and coat whipping in the
text: wind; stone-faced, he touches his ear piece as the train
text: slides him past the window.
text: Trinity tries to move. Everything hurts.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Get up, Trinity. You're fine.
dialog: Get up -- just get up!
text: She stands and limps down the rest of the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Trinity emerges from the shadows of an alley and, at the
text: end of the block, in a pool of white street light, she
text: sees it.
text: The telephone booth.
text: Obviously hurt, she starts down the concrete walk,
text: focusing in completely, her pace quickening, as the PHONE
text: begins to RING.
text: Across the street, a garbage truck suddenly u-turns, its
text: TIRES SCREAMING as it accelerates.
text: Trinity sees the headlights on the truck arcing at the
text: telephone booth as if taking aim.
text: Gritting through the pain, she races the truck --
text: Slamming into the booth, the headlights blindingly
text: bright, bearing down on the box of Plexiglas just as --
text: She answers the phone.
text: There is a frozen instant of silence before the hulking
text: mass of dark metal lurches up onto the sidewalk --
text: Barreling through the booth, bulldozing it into a brick
text: wall, smashing it to Plexiglas pulp.
text: After a moment, a black loafer steps down from the cab of
text: the garbage truck. Agent Smith inspects the wreckage.
text: There is no body. Trinity is gone.
text: His jaw sets as he grinds his molars in frustration.
text: AGENT JONES walks up behind him.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Did you get anything from the
dialog: room?
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
text: Their next target. The name is
dialog: Neo.
text: The handset of the pay phone lays on the ground,
text: separated in the crash like a severed limb.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: We'll need a search running.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: It's already begun.
text: We are SUCKED TOWARDS the mouthpiece of the phone, CLOSER
text: and CLOSER, UNTIL the smooth gray plastic spreads out
text: like a horizon and the small HOLES WIDEN until we fall
dialog: through one --
text: Swallowed by the darkness that becomes --
text: A computer screen.
text: We are on-line, inside a chat room called "The Matrix."
text: It is an exklusive web-site where hackers hang out.
speaker_heading: SCREEN
dialog: JACKON: I heard Morpheus has been
dialog: on this board.
text: SUPERASTIC: Morpheus doesn't even
dialog: exist and the Matrix is nothing
dialog: but an advertising gimmick 4 a new
dialog: game.
dialog: TIMAXE: All I want to know is
dialog: Trinity really a girl?
dialog: LODIII: 87% of all women on line
dialog: are really men.
dialog: QUARK: The Matrix is a euphemism
dialog: for the government.
dialog: SUPERASTIC: No, The Matrix is the
dialog: system controlling our lives.
dialog: TIMAXE: You mean MTV.
dialog: SUPERASTIC: I mean Sega.
dialog: FOS4: ALL HAIL SEGA!!!
text: We drift back from the electric conversation entering --
scene_heading: INT. NEO'S APARTMENT
text: It is a studio apartirent that seems overgrown with
dialog: technology.
text: Weed-like cables coil everywhere, duct-taped into
text: thickets that wind up and around the legs of several
dialog: desks.
text: Tabletops are filled with cannibalized equipment that lay
text: open like an autopsied corpse.
text: We turn towards the center of this rat-nest of
text: technology, following the slurping and crunching of
text: cereal. We pass an open box of Capln Crunch as we find --
text: NEO, a younger man who knows more about living inside a
dialog: computer than living outside one.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Fuckin' idiots don't know shit.
text: He finishes his cereal and is about to disconnect when an
text: anonynous message slices onto the screen.
speaker_heading: SCREEN
dialog: Do you want to know what the
dialog: Matrix is, Neo?
text: Neo is frozen when he reads his name.
speaker_heading: SCREEN
dialog: SUPERASTIC: Who said that?
dialog: JACKON: Who's Neo?
dialog: GIBSON: This is a private board.
dialog: If you want to know, follow the
dialog: white rabbit.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What the hell...
speaker_heading: SCREEN
text: TIMAXE: Someone is hacking the
dialog: hackers!
dialog: FOS4: It's Morpheus!!!!!
dialog: JACKON: Identify yourself.
dialog: Knock, knock, Neo.
text: A chill runs down his spine and when someone KNOCKS on
text: his door he almost jumps out of his chair.
text: He looks at the door, then back at the computer but the
text: message is gone.
text: He shakes his head, not completely sure what happened.
text: Again, someone knocks.
text: Cautiously, Neo approaches the door.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Tommy-boy! You in there?
text: Recognizing the voice, he relaxes and opens it. ANTHONY,
text: who lives down the hall, is standing outside with a group
dialog: of friends.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What do you want, Anthony?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I need your help, man. Desperate.
dialog: They got me, man. The shackles of
dialog: fascism.
text: He holds up the red notice that accompanies the Denver
dialog: boot.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You got the money this time?
text: He holds up two hundred dollars and Neo opens the door.
text: Anthony's girlfriend, DUJOUR, stops in front of Neo.
speaker_heading: DUJOUR
dialog: You can really get that thing off,
dialog: right now?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I told you, honey, he may look
dialog: like just another geek but this
dialog: here is all we got left standing
dialog: between Big Brother and the New
dialog: World Order.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: A police officer unlocks a yellow metal boot from the
text: wheel of an enormous oldsmobile.
scene_heading: INT. NEO'S APARTMENT
text: They watch from the window as the cops, silently,
text: robotically, climb into their van.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Look at 'em. Automatons. Don't
dialog: think about what they're- doing or
dialog: why. Computer tells 'em what to
dialog: do and they do it.
speaker_heading: FRIEND #l
dialog: Thc banality of evil.
text: He slaps the money in Neo's hand.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Thanks, neighbor.
speaker_heading: DUJOUR
dialog: Why don't you come to the party
dialog: with us?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I don't know. I have to work
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DUJOUR
dialog: Come on. It'll be fun.
text: He looks up at her and suddenly notices on her black
text: leather motorcycle jacket dozens of pins: bands,
text: symbols, slogans, military medals and --
dialog: A small white rabbit.
text: The ROOM TILTS.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Yeah, yeah. Sure, I'll go.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT
text: An older Chicago apartment; a series of halls connects a
text: chain of small high-ceilinged rooms lined with heavy
text: casements.
text: Smoke hangs like a veil, blurring the few lights there
dialog: are.
text: Dressed predominantly in black, people are everywhere,
text: gathered in cliques around pieces of furniture like
text: jungle cats around a tree.
text: Neo stands against a wall, alone, sipping from a bottle
text: of beer, feeling completely out of place, he is about to
text: leave when he notices a woman staring at him.
text: The woman is Trinity. She walks straight up to him.
text: In the nearest room, shadow-like figures grind against
text: each other to the pneumatic beat of INDUSTRIAL MUSIC.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Hello, Neo.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: How did you know that --
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: I know a lot about you. I've been
dialog: wanting to meet you for some time.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: My name is Trinity.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Trinity? The Trinity? The
dialog: Trinity that cracked the I.R.S.
dialog: Kansas City D-Base?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: That was a long time ago.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Gee-zus.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I just thought... you were a guy.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Most guys do.
text: Neo is a little embarrassed.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Do you want to go sorewhere and
dialog: talk?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: No. It's safe here and I don't
dialog: have much time.
text: The MUSIC is so loud they must stand very close, talking
text: directly into each other's ear.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: That was you on the board tonight.
dialog: That was your note, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: I had to gamble that you would see
dialog: and they wouldn't.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Who wouldn't?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: I can't explain everything to you.
dialog: I'm sure that it's all going to
dialog: seem very strange, but I brought
dialog: you here to warn you, Neo. You
dialog: are in a lot of danger.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: They're watching you. Something
dialog: happened and they found out about
dialog: you. Normally, if our target is
dialog: exposed we let it go. But this
dialog: time, we can't do that.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I don't understand --
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: You came here because you wanted
dialog: to know the answer to a hacker's
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: The Matrix. What is the Matrix?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Twelve years ago I met a man, a
dialog: great man, who said that no one
dialog: could be told the answer to that
dialog: question. That they had to see
dialog: it, to believe it.
text: Her body is against his; her lips very close to his ear.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: He told me that no one should look
dialog: for the answer unless they have to
dialog: because once you see it,
dialog: everything changes. Your life and
dialog: the world you live in will never
dialog: be the same. It's as if you wake
dialog: up one morning and the sky is
text: falling.
text: There is a hypnotic quality to her voice and Neo feels
text: the words like a drug, seeping into him.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: The truth is out there, Neo. It's
dialog: looking for you and it will find
dialog: you, if you want it to.
text: She takes hold of him with her eyes.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: That's all I can tell you right
dialog: now. Good-bye, Neo. And good
dialog: luck.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Wait. Who was it? Who was the
dialog: man?
text: She leans close, her lips alrost touching his ear as she
text: whispers.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: You know who.
text: She turns and he watches her melt into the shifting wall
text: of bodies.
text: A SOUND RISES steadily, growing out of the music,
text: pressing in on Neo until it is all he can hear as we --
text: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEO'S APARTMENT
text: The sound is an ALARM CLOCK, slowly dragging Neo to
text: consciousness. He strains to read the clock face:
text: 9:15 A.M.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Shitshitshit.
scene_heading: EXT. SKYSCRAPER
text: The downtown office of CorTechs, a software development
dialog: company.
scene_heading: INT. CORTECHS OFFICE
text: The main offices are along each wall, the windows
text: overlooking downtown Chicago.
text: RHINEHEART, the ultimate company man, lectures Neo
text: without looking at him, typing at his computer
dialog: continuously.
text: Neo stares at two window cleaners on a scaffolding
text: outside, dragging their rubber squeegees down across the
text: surface of the glass.
speaker_heading: RHINEHEART
dialog: You have a problem, Mr. Anderson.
dialog: You think that you're special.
dialog: You believe that somehow the rules
dialog: do not apply to you.
text: He stops, glancing over his glasses at Neo, who turns in
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: RHINEHEART
dialog: Obviously, you are mistaken.
text: His long, bony fingers resume clicking the keyboard.
speaker_heading: RHINEHEART
dialog: This company is one of the top
dialog: software companies in the world
dialog: because every single employee
dialog: understands that they are a part
dialog: of a whole. Thus, if an employee
dialog: has a problem, the company has a
dialog: problem.
text: He turns again.
speaker_heading: RHINEHEART
dialog: The time has come to make a
dialog: choice, Mr. Anderson. Either you
dialog: choose to be at your desk on time
dialog: from this day forth, or you choose
dialog: to find yourself another job. Do
dialog: I make myself clear?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Yes, Mr. Rhineheart. Perfectly
dialog: clear.
scene_heading: INT. NEO'S CUBICLE
text: The entire floor looks like a human honeycomb, with a
text: labyrinth of cubicles structured around a core of
dialog: elevators.
text: Neo slumps down into his chair. A TALL EMPLOYEE stands
text: up in the adjacent cubicle, leaning over the partition.
speaker_heading: TALL EMPLOYEE
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: If I was late again, I'm going to
dialog: be fired.
text: He smirks.
speaker_heading: TALL EMPLOYEE
dialog: Well, it was nice working with
dialog: you.
text: Neo glares at him, as he sinks down.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Thomas Anderson?
text: Neo turns and finds a FEDERAL EXPRESS MAN at his cubicle
text: door.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Yeah. That's me.
text: Neo signs the electronic pad and the Fedex guy hands him
dialog: the softpak.
speaker_heading: FEDEX
dialog: Have a nice day.
text: He opens the bag. Inside is a CELLULAR PHONE. It seems
text: the instant it is in his hand, it RINGS. Unnerved, he
text: flips it open.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, Neo. This is Morpheus.
text: Neo's knees give and he falls into his chair.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: I had hoped for this conversation
dialog: to take place under less adverse
dialog: conditions, but you can never
dialog: count on hope, can you, Neo?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: ... no.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: I've been watching you, Neo, and I
dialog: want to meet you. I don't know if
dialog: you're ready to see what I want to
dialog: show you, but unfortunately, we
dialog: have run out of time. They're
dialog: coming for you, Neo. And I'm not
dialog: sure what they're going to do.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Who's coming for me?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Stand up and see for yourself.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Right now?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Yes. Now.
text: Neo starts to stand.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Do it slowly. Slowly. The elevator.
text: His head slowly peeks up over the partition.
text: At the elevator, he sees Agent Brown and Agent Jones
text: leading a group of cops. A female employee turns and
text: points out Neo's cubicle.
dialog: Neo ducks.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Holy fuckin' shit!
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Yes.
text: One cop stays at the elevator, the others follow the
dialog: agents.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What the fuck do they want with
dialog: me?!
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: I'm not sure. But, if you don't
dialog: want to find out, you better get
dialog: out of there.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: How?!
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: I can guide you out, but you have
dialog: to do exactly what I say.
text: The agents are moving quickly towards the cubicle.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: The cubicle across from you is
text: empty.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: But what if...?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Go! Now!
text: Neo lunges across the hall, diving into the other cubicle
text: just as the agents turn into his row.
text: Neo crams himself into a dark corner, clutching the phone
text: tightly to him.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Stay here for a moment.
text: The agents enter Neo's empty cubicle. A cop is sent to
dialog: search the bathroom.
text: Morpheus' voice is a whisper in Neo's ear.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: A little longer...
text: Brown is talking to the tall employee.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: When I tell you, go to the end of
text: the row to the first office on the
dialog: left, stay.as low as you can.
text: Sweat trickles down his forehead.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Now.
text: Neo rolls out of the cubicle, his eyes popping as he
text: freezes right behind a cop who has just turned around.
text: Staying crouched, he sneaks away, down the row, SHOOTING
text: across the opening to the first office on the left.
text: The room is empty.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Good. Now there is a window.
dialog: Open it.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: How do you know all this?
text: Morpheus laughs quietly.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: The answer is coming, Neo.
text: He opens the window. The window howls into the room.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Outside, there's a scaffold. You
dialog: can use it to get to the roof.
text: Leaning out the window, he sees that the scaffold is
text: several offices away.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: No! It's too far away.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
text: There's a small ledge. It's a
dialog: short climb. You can make it.
text: Neo looks down; the building's glass wall vertigos into a
text: concrete chasm.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: No way, no way, this is crazy.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Don't be controlled by your fear,
dialog: Neo. There are only two ways out
dialog: of this building. One is that
text: scaffold. The other is in their
dialog: custody. You take a chance either
dialog: way. I leave it to you.
text: CLICK. He hangs up. Neo looks at the door, then back at
text: the scaffold.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: This is insane! Why is this
dialog: happening to me? What did I do?
dialog: I'm nobody. I didn't do anything.
dialog: Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
text: He climbs up onto the window ledge. Hanging onto the
text: frame, he steps onto the small ledge.
text: The scaffold seems even farther away.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I'm going to die.
text: The WIND suddenly BLASTS up the face of the building,
text: knocking Neo off balance. Recoiling, he clings harder to
text: the frame, and the phone falls out of his hand.
text: He watches as it is swallowed by the distance beneath him.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: This is insane. I can't do this!
dialog: Forget it!
text: He climbs back into the office just as a cop opens the
text: door.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I didn't do anything!
scene_heading: EXT. SKYSCRAPER
text: The agents lead a handcuffed Neo out of the revolving
text: doors, forcing his head down as they push him into the
text: dark sedan.
text: Trinity watches in the rear view mirror of her
dialog: motorcycle.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - CLOSE ON CAMERA MONITOR
text: A wide angle view of a white roon, where Neo is sitting at
text: a table alone.
text: We MOVE INTO the monitor, ENTERING the room as if the
text: monitor were a window.
text: At the same moment, the door opens and the agents enter.
text: Smith sits down across from Neo. A thick manila envelope
text: slaps down on the table between them.
text: Neo glances at the name on the file: "Anderson, Thomas
dialog: A."
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: As you can see, we've had our eye
dialog: on you for some time now, Mr.
dialog: Anderson.
text: He opens the file. Paper rattle marks the silence as he
text: flips several pages. Neo cannot tell if he is looking at
text: the file or at him.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: It seems that you have been living
dialog: two lives. In one life, you are
dialog: Thomas A. Anderson, program writer
dialog: for a respectable software
dialog: company. You have a social
dialog: security number, you pay your
dialog: taxes and you help your land lady
text: carry out her garbage.
text: The pages continue to turn.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: The other life is lived in
dialog: computers where you go by the
dialog: hacker alias Neo, and are guilty
dialog: of virtually every computer crime
dialog: we have a law for, including the
dialog: unauthorized use of the D.M.V.
dialog: system for the removal of
dialog: automobile boots.
text: Neo feels himself sinking into a pit of shit.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: One of these,lives has a future.
dialog: One of them does not.
text: He closes the file.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: I'm going to be as forthcoming as
dialog: I can be, Mr. Anderson. You are
dialog: here because we need your help.
text: He removes his sunglasses; his eyes are an unnatural ice-
dialog: blue.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: We know that you have been
dialog: contacted by a certain individual.
text: A man who calls himself Morpheus.
dialog: Whatever you think you know about
dialog: this man is irrelevant to the fact
dialog: that he is wanted for acts of
dialog: terrorism in more countries than
dialog: any other man in the world. He is
dialog: considered by many authorities to
dialog: be the most dangerous man alive.
text: He leans closer.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: My colleagues believe that I am
dialog: wasting my time with you, but I
dialog: believe you want to do the right
dialog: thing. It is obvious that you are
dialog: an intelligent man, Mr. Anderson,
dialog: and that you are interested in the
dialog: future. That is why I believe you
dialog: are ready to put your past
dialog: mistakes behind you and get on
dialog: with your life.
text: Neo tries to match his stare.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: We are willing to wipe the slate
dialog: clean, to give you a fresh start
dialog: and all we are asking in return is
dialog: your cooperation in bringing a
dialog: known terrorist to justice.
text: Neo nods to himself.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Yeah. Wow. That sounds like a
dialog: real good deal. But I think I
dialog: have a better one. How about I
dialog: give you the finger --
dialog: He does.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: And you can cram that file up your
dialog: Secret Service sphincter.
text: Agent Smith puts his glasses back on.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: You disappoint me, Mr. Anderson.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You ain't seen nothing yet.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: The irony of your situation is
dialog: that you have no choice.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You can't scare me with this
dialog: gestapo crap. I know my rights.
dialog: I want my phone call.
text: Agent Smith smiles.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: And tell me, Mr. Anderson, what
dialog: good is a phone call iy you are
dialog: unable to speak?
text: The question unnerves Neo and strangely, he begins to
text: feel the muscles in his jaw tighten.
text: The standing agents snicker, watching Neo's confusion
text: grow into panic.
text: Neo feels his lips grow soft and sticky as they slowly
text: seal shut, melding into each other until all trace of his
text: mouth is gone.
text: Wild with fear, he lunges for the door but the agents
text: restrain him holding him in the chair.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: You are going to help us, Mr.
dialog: Anderson, whether you want to or
dialog: not.
text: Smith nods and the other two rip open his shirt.
text: From a case taken out of his suit coat, Smith removes a
text: long, fiber-optic wire tap.
text: Neo struggles helplessly as Smith dangles the wire over
text: his exposed abdomen. Horrified, he watches as the
text: electronic device animates, become an organic creature
text: that resembles a hybrid of an insect and a fluke worm.
text: Thin, whisker-like tendrils reach out and probe into
text: Neo's navel. He bucks wildly as Smith drops the creature
text: which looks for a moment like an uncut umbilical cord --
text: Before it begins to burrow its, tail thrashing as it
text: worms its way inside.
scene_heading: INT. NEO'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Screaming, Neo bolts upright in bed.
text: He realizes that he is home. Was it a dream? His mouth
text: is normal. His stomach looks fine. He starts to take a
text: deep, everything-is-okay breath, when --
text: The PHONE RINGS.
text: It almost stops his heart. It CONTINUES RINGING,
text: building pressure in the room, forcing him up out of bed,
text: sucking him in with an almost gravitational force.
text: He answers it, saying nothing.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.).
dialog: This line is tapped, so I must be
dialog: brief.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: The agents --
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: They got to you first, but they've
dialog: underestimated how important you
dialog: are. If they knew what I know,
dialog: you would probably be dead.
text: Neo feels sick.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know what you are thinking
dialog: right now but I want you to
dialog: understand that I will not give up
dialog: on you until you give up on me.
text: Neo's throat cracks, dry as the Sahara.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Do you still want to meet?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: ... Yes.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Take the Howard line south.
text: CLICK. He closes his eyes, unsure of what he has done.
scene_heading: EXT. EL TRAIN
text: An EL TRAIN RAGES against its metal rails.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN
text: It is three a.m., and the train carries the usual urban
text: night crawlers. Neo sits alone, eyes shifting, watching
text: everything nervously.
text: There is a METAL BANG and TRAIN CLATTER fills the car as
text: the door is opened.
text: Neo turns and sees a large man enter. He is wearing
text: sunglasses and a black leather jacket. His name is APOC
text: and he walks straight at Neo.
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: Come with me.
text: Neo stands just as the door at the opposite end opens and
text: two police officers rush in, drawing their guns.
text: Apoc grabs Neo, muscling him to the nearest exit. There
dialog: is no upcoming station.
text: Apoc yanks the emergency brake and the train buckles
text: against its own speed. The cops are thrown back. Neo
text: slams against the metal rail.
text: The doors open onto nothing and just when Neo regains his
text: balance, Apoc shoves him backwards --
text: He flies out from the train, arms windrilling as he falls
text: from, the raised tracks --
text: Hurtling towards a busy city street when, out of nowhere,
text: a truck races under him and --
text: He crashes into a large dumpster-bed filled with empty
dialog: boxes.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK BED
text: Still shaking his head, Neo realizes he is not alone. A
text: man named Cabie is aiming a big gun at him. Trinity is
text: next to him, talking into a cellular phone.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: We got him. Call the chop-shop.
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Listen to me, Neo. You have to,
dialog: trust us.
text: She tears off a long strip of black duct-tape and reaches
dialog: for his face.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: This has to be done for your
dialog: protection and ours.
text: She seals his eyes shut with the tape.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: You can't understand right now,
dialog: but if you're not one of us,
dialog: you're one of them.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER WACKER
text: A featureless black van glides up to a staircase that
text: curls down from the city's surface.
text: trinity guides the blind Neo down the steps. The back of
text: the van slaps open, revealing a young, skinny man who
text: looks to be still in his teens, wearing an outfit that is
text: a cross between a surgeon and a telephone repair man.
text: His name is GIZMO and he smiles lewdly at Trinity,
text: exposing his teeth that are wired with weird-looking
dialog: braces.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Va va va voom. Still the hottest
dialog: software around.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Hello, Gizmo.
text: Neo hears the voices around him.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: This is really the guy? The guy
dialog: that Morpheus thinks --
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: But he's so old.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Are you going to help us or aren't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Hacksaw. Load up the copper-top
dialog: and let's get the hell outta here.
text: Hacksaw is a huge man in a leather welder's apron. He
text: shoulders Neo and hauls him into the van.
text: A moment later the green lights of Lower Wacker curve
text: over the tinted windshield as the van rushes through the
dialog: underworld.
scene_heading: INT. VAN
text: The chop-shop is filled with electronic gadgets, wired to
text: meters and monitors. There are shelves lined with
text: medical supplies and rows of hanging tools, knives,
text: cleavers, and stainless steel clamps.
text: Neo is strapped down to an ambulance cart, listening
text: nervously as Gizmo gets to work.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Okay, first we take a little look
text: under the hood.
text: He pulls up the goggles hanging at his neck and they
text: blink to life with tiny halogen lights and lenses irising
text: to varying levels of magnification.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: You're going to feel a little
dialog: prick.
text: He inserts acupuncture-like needles into Neo's lower
text: abdomen. The needles are wired to video monitors.
text: Hacksaw pilots the fiber-optic lens.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: We think you're bugged. We can't
dialog: take you to Morpheus until you're
dialog: clean.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: There it is.
text: On a monitor, we see the bug nestled in among Neols large
dialog: intestines.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Hit him with 10 ccs of local.
text: Hacksaw loads a hypodermic needle and pumps an anesthetic
text: around Neols navel.
text: Using a device that looks like a miniature speculum,
text: Gizmo inserts a knuckled dental pick. Typing into a
text: calculator keypad wired to the pick, he automates the
text: tip.
text: On the monitor, we watch it telescope out and the end
text: separate into a tiny hooked, metal claw.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Here, kitty, kitty, kitty.
text: The claw snags hold of the bug.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Gotcha!
text: But the bug reacts violently. Neo screams as it wraps
text: itself around the soft tissue web of intestine.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: I don't know. They've never done
dialog: that before.
text: Neo writhes in pain.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Hold him down.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Jesus! God!
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Do something!
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: I got it! Maybe we can stun it.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Are you crazy? That will kill
dialog: him.
text: We watch Neo, who can't see what they are talking about.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: It'll work. Come on, do it or
dialog: Hacksaw will.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Do what?
text: The instant he hears the word, he knows.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Clear.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Oh, shit --
text: The cry is frozen in his mouth as the paddles hit his
text: chest. Gizmo wrestles with the bug.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Hit him again!
text: Again, the electricity convulses through him as Gizmo
text: yanks the speculum out.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Got it!
text: Trinity touches Neo, who is just beginning to breathe.
text: She eases the tape off his eyes.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Neo, are you okay?
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: It's over. We got it.
text: Hanging from the claw pick is the inanimate metal wire-
dialog: tap.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Nasty little bugger, ain't it?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE
text: The van stops in a deserted alley behind a forgotten
text: hotel. The doors open and Trinity helps Neo get out.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Thanks for your help, Gizmo.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: I just hope the man knows what
dialog: he's doing.
text: She nods then climbs out of the van. Gizmo ogles the
text: tight leather pants.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Goddamn, what I wouldn't give for
dialog: a copy of that software.
text: Trinity turns around.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Gizmo, you don't have the hardware
dialog: to handle this software.
text: He howls with adolescent laughter as the van pulls away.
text: Trinity turns to Neo.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Let's go. He's waiting.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE
text: It is a place of putrefying elegance, a rotting host of
dialog: urban maggotry.
text: Trinity leads Neo from the stairwell down the hall of the
text: thirteenth floor. They stop outside room 1313.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: This is it.
text: Neo can hear his own heart pounding.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Let me give one piece of advice.
dialog: Be honest. He knows more than you
dialog: can possibly imagine.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1313
text: Across the room, a dark figure stares out the tall
text: windows veiled with decaying lace. He turns and his
text: smile lights up the room.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: At last.
text: He wears a long black coat and his eyes are invisible
text: behind circular mirrored glasses.
text: He strides to Neo and they shake hands.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Welcome, Neo. As you no doubt
dialog: have guessed, I am Morpheus.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: It's an honor.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Please. Come. Sit.
text: He nods to Trinity.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Thank you, Trinity.
text: She bows her head sharply and exits through a door to an
text: adjacent room.
text: They sit across from one another in cracked, burgundy-
text: leather chairs.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I imagine, right now, you must be
dialog: feeling a bit like Alice, tumbling
dialog: down the rabbit hole?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You could say that.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I can see it in your eyes. You
dialog: have the look of a man who accepts
dialog: what he sees because he is
text: expecting to wake up.
text: A smile, razor-thin, curls the corner of his lips.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Ironically, this is not far from
dialog: the truth. But I'm getting ahead
dialog: of myself. Can you tell me, Neo,
dialog: why are you here?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You're Morpheus, you're a legend.
dialog: Most hackers would die to meet
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Yes. Thank you. But I think we
dialog: both know there's more to it than
dialog: that. Do you believe in fate, Neo?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Because I don't like the idea that
dialog: I'm not in control of my life.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I know exactly what you mean.
dialog: Again, that smile that could cut glass.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Let me tell you why you are here.
dialog: You are here because you have the
dialog: gift.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What gift?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I've watched you, Neo. You do not
dialog: use a computer like a tool. You
dialog: use it like it was part of
dialog: yourself. What you can do inside
dialog: a computer is not normal. I know.
dialog: I've seen it. What you do is
dialog: magic.
text: Neo shrugs.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: It's not magic.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: But it is, Neo. It is. How else
dialog: would you describe what has been
dialog: happening to you?
text: He leans forward.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: We are trained in this world to
dialog: accept only what is rational and
dialog: logical. Have you ever wondered
dialog: why?
text: Neo shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: As children, we do not separate
dialog: the possible from the impossible
dialog: which is why the younger a mind is
dialog: the easier it is to free while a
dialog: mind like yours can be very
dialog: difficult.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Free from what?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: From the Matrix.
text: Neo locks at his eyes but only sees a reflection of
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Do you want to know what it is,
dialog: Neo?
text: Neo swallows and nods his head.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: It's that feeling you have had all
dialog: your life. That feeling that
dialog: something was wrong with the
dialog: world. You don't know what it is
text: but it's there, like a splinter in
dialog: your mind, driving you mad,
dialog: driving you to me. But what is
dialog: it?
text: The LEATHER CREAKS as he leans back.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: The Matrix is everywhere, it's all
dialog: around us, here even in this room.
dialog: You can see it out your window, or
dialog: on your television. You feel it
dialog: when you go to work, or go to
dialog: church or pay your taxes. It is
dialog: the world that has been pulled
dialog: over your eyes to blind you from
dialog: the truth.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What truth?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: That you are a slave, Neo. That
dialog: you, like everyone else, was born
dialog: into bondage...
dialog: ... kept inside a prison that you
dialog: cannot smell, taste, or touch. A
dialog: prison for your mind.
text: Outside, the WIND BATTERS a loose PANE of glass.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Unfortunately, no one can be told
dialog: what the Matrix is. You have to
dialog: see it for yourself.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Hold out your hands.
text: In Neo's right hand, Morpheus drops a red pill.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: This is your last chance. After
dialog: this, there is no going back.
text: In his left, a blue pill.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You take the blue pill and the
dialog: story ends. You wake in your bed
dialog: and you believe whatever you want
dialog: to believe.
text: The pills in his open hands are reflected in the glasses.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You take the red pill and you stay
dialog: in Wonderland and I show you how
text: deep the rabbit-hole goes.
text: Neo feels the smooth skin of the capsules, with the
text: moisture growing in his palms.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Remember that all I am offering is
dialog: the truth. Nothing more.
text: Neo opens his mouth and swallows the red pill. The
text: Cheshire smile returns.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Follow me.
text: He leads Neo into the other room, which is cramped with
text: high-tech equipment, glowing ash-bliie and electric green
text: from the racks of monitors.
text: Trinity, Apoc and Cypher look up as they enter.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: I knew he would.
text: Cypher saddles up to Morpheus, talking in a hushed tone
dialog: away from, Neo.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Morpheus, I know what you believe
dialog: but I think this is a mistake.
text: We're rushing him. He's old. I'm
dialog: afraid he might pop.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Haven't I always told you, Cypher,
dialog: not to let fear control your life.
dialog: Apoc, are we on-line?
text: Neo recognizes the large man from the El train.
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: Almost.
dialog: He and Trinity are working quickly, hardwiring a complex
text: system of monitors, modules and drives.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Apoc? You wrote the Four Horsemen
dialog: Virus.
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Neo, time is always against us.
dialog: Will you take a seat there?
text: In the center of the room sits a chair. Near the chair
text: is an old oval dressing mirror that is cracked.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I imagine you know sonething about
dialog: virtual reality.
text: Neo sits and Trinity begins gently fixing white electrode
text: disks to his head, arns, and the back of his neck.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: A little.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Essentially, it's a hardware
dialog: system that uses an apparatus;
dialog: headgear, gloves and whatever to
dialog: make you feel that you are in a
dialog: computer program.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: If the virtual reality apparatus,
dialog: as you called it, was wired to all
dialog: of your senses and controlled them
dialog: completely, would you be able to
dialog: tell the difference between the
dialog: virtual world and the real world?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You might not, no.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: No, you wouldn't.
text: Neo whispers to Trinity.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You did all this?
text: She nods, placing a set of headphones over his ears.
text: They are wired to an old hotel phone.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: The pill you took is part of a
dialog: trace program. It's going to make
dialog: things feel a bit strange.
text: Distantly, through the ear phones, he hears Apoc POUNDING
text: on a KEYBOARD. Sweat beads his face. His eyes blink and
text: twitch when he notices the mirror.
text: Wide-eyed he stares as it begins to heal itself, a
text: webwork of cracks that slowly run together as though the
dialog: mirror were becoming liquid.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Shit...
dialog: Cypher works with Apoc checking reams of phosphorescent
text: data. Trinity monitors Neo's electric vital signs.
text: Neo reaches out to touch the mirror and his fingers
text: disappear beneath the rippling surface.
text: Quickly, he tries to pull his fingers out but the mirror
text: stretches in long rubbery strands like mirrored-taffy
text: stuck to his fingertips.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What is this? Mescaline?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Just relax, Neo.
text: The strands thin like rubber cement as he pulls away,
text: until the fragile wisps of mirror thread break.
text: With the TINKLING of GLASS, shimmering snowflakes
text: of electric-blinking mercury fall, hit the ground, and
dialog: fade.
text: He looks at his hand; fingers distended into mirrored
text: icicles that begin to melt rapidly, dripping, running
text: like wax down his fingers, spreading across his palms
text: where he sees his face reflected.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Uh-oh...
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: It's going into replication.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Apoc?
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: Still nothing.
text: Morpheus takes out a cellular phone and dials a number.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Tank, we're going to need the
dialog: signal soon. Stay calm, Neo.
text: The mirror gel seems to come to life, racing, crawling up
text: his arns like hundreds of insects.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: It's cold.
text: The mirror creeps up his neck as Neo begins to panic,
text: tipping his head as though he were sinking into the
text: mirror, trying to keep his mouth up.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: It's all over me --
text: Morpheus is right next to him, with the phone.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: I got a fibrillation!
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: I knew it, I knew it...
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Shit! Apoc?
text: Streams of mercury run from Neo's nose.
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: Targeting... almost there.
text: An ALARM, on Trinity's monitor ERUPTS.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: He's going into arrest!
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: He's gonna pop!
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: Lock! I got him!
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Now, Tank now!
text: His eyes tear with mirror, rolling up and closing as a
text: high-pitched ELECTRIC SCREAM ERUPTS in the headphones --
text: It is a piercing SHRIEK like a computer calling to
dialog: another computer --
text: Neo's body arches in agony and we are pulled like we were
dialog: pulled into the holes of the phone
text: Sucked into his SCREAM and swallowed by darkness.
scene_heading: INT. POWER PLANT - CLOSE ON MAN'S BODY
text: Floating in a womb-red amnion.
text: His body spasms, fighting against the thick gelatin.
text: Metal tubes, surreal versions of hospital tubes, obscure
text: his face. Other lines like IVs are connected to limbs
dialog: and cover his genitals.
text: He is struggling desperately now. Air bubbles into the
text: Jell-O but does not break the surface.
text: Pressing up, the surface distends, stretching like a red
dialog: rubber coccon.
text: Unable to breathe, he fights wildly to stand, clawing at
text: the thinning elastic shroud --
text: Until it ruptures, a hole widening around his mouth as he
text: sucks for air. Tearing himself free, he emerges from the
dialog: cell.
dialog: It is Neo.
text: He is bald and naked, his body slick with gelatin.
text: Dizzy, nauseous, he waits for his vision to focus.
text: He is standing in an oval capsule of clear alloy filled
text: with red gelatin, the surface of which has solidified
dialog: like curdled milk.
text: The IVs in his arms are plugged into outlets that appear
text: to be grafted to his flesh.
text: He feels the weight of another cable and reaches to the
text: back of his head where he finds an enormous coaxial
text: plugged and locked into the base of his skull.
text: He tries to pull it out but it would be easier to pull
text: off a finger.
text: To either side he sees other tube-shaped pods filled with
text: red gelatin; beneath the wax-like surface, pale and
text: motionless, he sees other human beings.
text: Fanning out in a circle, there are more. All connected
text: to a center core, each capsule like a red, dimly glowing
text: petal attached to a black metal stem.
text: Above him, level after, level, the stem rises seemingly
text: forever. He moves to the foot of the capsule and looks
dialog: out.
text: The image assaults his mind.
text: Towers of glowing petals spiral up to incomprehensible
text: heights, disappearing down into a dim murk like an
text: underwater abyss.
text: His sight is blurred and warped, exaggerating the
text: intensity of the vision. The sound of the PLANT is like
text: the sound of the ocean heard from inside the belly of
dialog: Leviathan.
text: Below Neo, a petal detaches from the stem, bearing away
text: the body of an old man like an automated barge even as a
text: new pod rises up and plugs itself into the empty space.
text: Inside the new capsule, its surface more translucent and
text: pinkish in color, Neo sees a small baby.
text: From above, a machine drops directly in front of Neo.
text: He swallows his scream as it seems to stare at him.
text: It is almost insect-like in its design; beautiful
text: housings of alloyed metal covering organic-like systems
dialog: of hard and soft polymers.
text: A black particle beam washes over Neo, he reacts in pain
text: as the scanner seems to expose the nervous system wired
text: to the coaxial cable at his cerebral cortex.
text: At the back of the neck, the cable lock spins and opens,
dialog: disengaging.
text: The cable pulls itself free, a long clear plastic needle
text: and cerebrum-chip slides from the anterior of Neols skull
text: with an ooze of blood and spinal fluid. The other
text: connective hoses snap free and snake away as --
text: The back of the unit opens and a tremendous vacuum, like
text: an airplane door opening, sucks the gelatin and then Neo
text: into a black hole.
scene_heading: INT. WASTE LINE
dialog: The pipe is a waste disposal system and Neo falls,
text: sliding with the clot of gelatin.
text: Banking through pipe spirals and elbows, flushing up
text: through grease traps clogged with cily clunps of
dialog: cellulite.
text: Neo begins to drown when he is suddenly snatched from the
dialog: flow of waste.
text: The metallic cable then lifts, pulling him up into the
text: belly of the futuristic flying nachine, hovering inside
dialog: the sewer main line.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: The metal harness opens and drops the half-conscious Neo
text: onto the floor.
text: Human hands and arms help him up as he finds himself
text: looking straight at Morpheus.
text: Trinity and Apoc. And others, dressed in bizarre, high-
text: tech combat gear.
text: Morpheus smiles.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Welcome to the real world, Neo.
text: Neo passes out.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: We have no sense of time. We hear VOICES whispering.
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Do you think Morpheus is right?
dialog: Do you think he could be the One?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: It doesn't matter now. But if
dialog: he's wrong...
text: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: NEO'S POV
text: Neo's eyes flutter open. We see Trinity's face above us,
text: angelic in the fluorescent glow of a light stick.
text: ANGLE ON NEO
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: ... am I dead?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Far from it.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: FADE IN:
text: ANGLE ON NEO
text: He opens his eyes again, something tingling through him.
text: He focuses and sees his body pierced with dozens of
text: acupuncture-like needles wired to a strange device.
speaker_heading: DOZER
dialog: He needs a lot of work.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I know.
dialog: Dozer and Morpheus are operating on Neo.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Your muscles have atrophied.
dialog: We're rebuilding them.
text: Fluorescent light sticks burn unnaturally bright.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Why do my eyes hurt?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You've never used them before.
text: Morpheus takes his sunglasses off and puts them on Neo.
text: Neo lays back.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Rest, Neo. The answers are
dialog: coming.
scene_heading: INT. NEO'S ROOM
text: Neo wakes up from a deep sleep, feeling better. He is
text: wearing a black tank top and shorts.
text: He begins to examine himself. There is a futuristic IV
text: plugged into the jack in his forearm. He pulls it out,
text: staring at the grafted outlet.
text: He feels his bald head. His fingers find and explore the
text: large outlet in the base of his skull.
text: Just as he starts to come unglued, Morpheus opens the
text: door.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Morpheus, what's happened to me?
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: More important than what is when?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You believe the year is 1997 when
dialog: in fact it is much closer to 2197.
dialog: I can't say for certain what year
dialog: it is because we honestly do not
dialog: know.
text: The wind is knocked from Neo's chest.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: That's not possible.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I promised you the truth, Neo, and
dialog: the truth is that the world you
dialog: were living in was a lie.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I'll show you.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Like a sleepwalker, Neo follows Morpheus through the ship.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: This is my ship, the
dialog: Nebuchadnezzar. It's a
dialog: hovercraft. Small like a
text: submarine. It's dark. It's
text: cramped and cold. But it's home.
text: They climb a ladder up to the main deck.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
dialog: Everyone is there.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: This is the main deck. You know
dialog: most of my crew.
text: Trinity smiles and nods.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: The ones you don't know. That's
dialog: Mouse and Switch. The two big
dialog: guys are Tank and Dozer.
text: The names and faces wash meaninglessly over Neo.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: And this, this is the Core. This
dialog: is where we broadcast our pirate
text: signal and hack into the Matrix.
text: It is a swamp of bizarre electronic equipment. Vines of
dialog: coaxial hang and snake to and from huge monolithic
text: battery slabs, a black portable satellite dish and banks
text: of little systems and computer monitors.
text: At the center of the web, there are six ectoskeleton
text: chairs made of a poly-alloy frame and suspension harness.
text: Near the circle of chairs is the control console and
text: operator's station where the network is monitored.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Help him, Trinity.
text: Neo allows himself to be helped into one of the chairs.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Do you remember when I asked you
dialog: about an apparatus that could turn
dialog: a virtual reality into reality?
text: Neo nods.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: It's right here.
text: He touches Neo's head.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: And it's accessed here.
text: Neo feels Morpheus guiding a coaxial line into the jack
text: at the back of his neck. The cable has the same kind of
text: cerebellum chip we saw inside the plant.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: This will feel a little weird.
text: There are several disturbing NOISES as he works the
text: needle in.
text: We MOVE IN as Neo's shoulders bunch and his face tightens
text: into a grimace until a loud CLICK fires and his ears pop
dialog: like when you equalize them underwater.
text: He relaxes, opening his eyes as we pull back to a feeling
dialog: of weightlessness inside another place --
scene_heading: INT. CONSTRUCT
text: Neo is standing in an empty, blank-white space.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: This is the Construct.
text: Startled, Neo whips around and finds Morpheus now in the
text: room with him.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: It is our loading program. We can
dialog: load anything from clothes, to
dialog: weapons, to training simulations.
dialog: Anything we need.
text: Morpheus walks past Neo and when Neo turns he sees the
text: two leather chairs from the hotel set up in front of a
text: large-screen television.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Sit down.
text: Neo stands at the back of the chair as Morpheus sits.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Right now, we're inside a computer
dialog: program?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Wild, isn't it?
text: Neo's hands run over the cracked leather.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: This isn't real?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: What is real? How do you define
dialog: real? If you're talking about
dialog: your senses, what you feel, taste,
dialog: smell, or see, then all you're
dialog: talking about are electrical
dialog: signals interpreted by your brain.
text: He picks up a remote control and clicks ON the
text: TELEVISION. We drift through the Windy City circa 1996.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: This is the Chicago you know.
dialog: Chicago as it was at the end of
dialog: the twentieth century. This
dialog: Chicago exists only as part of a
dialog: neural-interactive simulation that
dialog: we call the Matrix.
text: We GLIDE AT the television as he changes the channel.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You have been living inside
text: Baulliaurd's vision, inside the
dialog: map, not the territory. This is
dialog: Chicago as it exists today.
text: The sky is an endless sea of black and green bile. The
text: earth, scorched and split like burnt flesh, spreads out
text: beneath us as we ENTER the television.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: 'The desert of the real.'
text: In the distance, we see the ruins of a future Chicago
text: protruding from the wasteland like the blackened ribs of
text: a long-dead corpse.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: We are, right now, miles below the
dialog: earth's surface. The only place
dialog: humans can survive outside the
dialog: Matrix is underground.
text: Still MOVING, we TURN and find Neo and Morpheus; the
text: chairs now sitting in the middle of the black desert.
text: Dizzy, Neo holds onto the chair.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: It started early in the twenty-
dialog: first century, with the birth of
dialog: artificial intelligence, a
dialog: singular consciousness that
dialog: spawned an entire race of
dialog: machines.
text: In his sunglasses, we see storm clouds gather.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: At first all they wanted was to be
dialog: treated as equals, entitled to the
dialog: same human inalienable rights.
dialog: Whatever they were given, it was
dialog: not enough.
text: In the circular window of the glasses, EXPLOSIONS light
text: up a bloody battle field.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: We don't know who struck first.
dialog: Us or them. But sometime at the
dialog: end of the twenty-first century
dialog: the battle was joined.
text: We MOVE INTO his glasses and the war surrounds us.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: The war raged for generations and
dialog: turned the face of our planet from
dialog: green and blue to black and red.
text: At last we see the Sentinels; killing machines that are
dialog: at once terrifying and beautiful. They have an organic
dialog: architecture like a microbiotic organism, that is
dialog: perpetually in motion.
text: The Sentinel cracks the body armor of a soldier,
text: splitting open the soft, stearing meat inside.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: It scorched and burned the sky.
dialog: Without the sun, the machines
dialog: sought out a new energy source to
dialog: survive.
text: The Sentinel locks up, as heat lightning of black ink
text: bursts against the sky, spreading into a permanent cloud
text: of stain.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: They discovered a new form of
dialog: fusion. All that was required to
dialog: initiate the reaction was a small
dialog: electric charge. Throughout human
dialog: history we have been dependent on
dialog: machines to survive. Fate, it
dialog: seems, is not without a sense of
dialog: irony.
text: We return to the power plant that Neo escaped from where
dialog: we see human beings looking almost blissful in their
dialog: gelatin cocoons.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: The human body generates more bio-
dialog: electricity than a 120-volt
dialog: battery and over 25,000 B.T.U.'s
text: of body heat.
text: Outside, spreading all around the power plant, beneath a
dialog: breathing greenhouse, are the growing fields.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: We are, as an energy source,
dialog: easily renewable and completely
text: recyclable, the dead liquified and
dialog: fed intravenously to the living.
text: Huge farm-like reapers are harvesting the crop.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: All they needed to control this
dialog: new battery was something to
dialog: occupy our mind.
text: We see inside a clear tubular husk. Floating in viscous
dialog: fluid, there is a human fetus; its soft skull already
text: growing around the brain-jack.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: And so they built a prison out of
dialog: our past, wired it to our brains
dialog: and turned us into slaves.
text: We PULL BACK to find the image is now on the television
text: and we are again inside the white space of the Construct.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: No! I don't believe it! It's not
dialog: possible!
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I didn't say that it would be
dialog: easy, Neo. I just said that it
dialog: would be the truth.
text: The room without walls begins to spin.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Stop! Let me out! I want out!
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: His eyes snap open and he thrashes against the chair,
text: trying to rip the cable from the back of his neck.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Get this thing out of me!
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Easy, Neo. Easy.
text: Dozer holds him while Trinity unlocks it. Once it's out,
text: he tears away from them, falling as he trips free of the
dialog: harness.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Don't touch me! Get away from me!
text: On his hands and knees, he reels as the world spins.
text: Sweat pours off him as a pressure builds inside his skull
text: as if his brian had been put into a centrifuge.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: He's going to pop!
text: Vomiting violently, Neo pitches forward and blacks out.
scene_heading: INT. NEO'S ROOM
text: He blinks, regaining consciousness. The room is dark.
text: Neo is stretched out on his bed.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I can't go back, can I?
text: Morpheus sitting like a shadow on a chair in the far
text: corner.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: No. But if you could, would you
dialog: really want to?
text: Neo isn't sure of that answer.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I feel that I owe you an apology.
dialog: There is a rule that we do not
dialog: free a mind once it reaches a
dialog: certain age. It is dangerous.
dialog: They have trouble letting go..
text: Their mind turns against them.
dialog: I've seen it happen. I broke the
dialog: rule because I had to.
text: He stares into the darkness, confessing as much to
dialog: himself as Neo.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: When the Matrix was first built
dialog: there was a man born inside that
dialog: had the ability to change what he
dialog: wanted, to remake the Matrix as he
dialog: saw fit. It was this man that
dialog: freed the first of us and taught
dialog: us the secret of the war; control
dialog: the Matrix and you control the
dialog: future.
text: He pauses.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: When he died, the Oracle at the
dialog: temple of Zion prophesied his
dialog: return and envisioned an end to
dialog: the war and freedom for our
dialog: people. That is why there are
dialog: those of us that have spent our
dialog: entire lives searching the Matrix,
text: looking for him.
text: Neo can feel his eyes on him.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I did what I did, because I
dialog: believe we have been brought here
dialog: for a reason, Neo. You are here
dialog: to serve a purpose, just as I am
dialog: here to serve mine.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I told you I don't believe in
dialog: fate.
text: Morpheus smiles, leaning towards hin.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: But I do, Neo. I do.
text: He stands up.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Get some rest. You're going to
dialog: need it.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Your training.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
dialog: There is no morning; there is only darkness and then the
text: fluorescent light sticks flicker on.
scene_heading: INT. NEO'S ROOM
text: Neo is awake in his bed, staring up at the lights. The
text: door opens and TA.NK steps inside.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Morning. Did you sleep?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: You will tonight. I guarantee it.
dialog: I'm Tank. I'll be your operator.
text: He offers his hand and Neo shakes it. He notices that
dialog: Tank doesn't have any jacks.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You don't have...
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Any holes? Nope. Me and my
dialog: brother Dozer, we are 100 percent
dialog: pure, old fashioned, home-grown
dialog: human. Born free. Right here in
dialog: the real world. Genuine child of
dialog: Zion.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Zion?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Zion is the place, man. You'll
dialog: see it one day. Last human city.
dialog: All we got left.
text: Tank smiles.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Goddamn, I got to tell you I'm
dialog: fairly excited to see what you are
dialog: capable of. I mean if Morpheus is
dialog: right and all. We're not supposed
dialog: to talk.about any of that, but if
dialog: you are, well then this is an
dialog: exciting time. We got a lot to do
dialog: so let's get to it.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Neo is plugged in, hanging in one of the suspension
dialog: chairs.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: We're supposed to load all these
dialog: operations programs first, but
dialog: this is some major boring shit.
dialog: Why don't we start something a
dialog: little fun?
text: Tank smiles as he plops into his operator's chair. He
text: begins flipping through a tall carousel loaded with micro
dialog: discs.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: How about sore combat training?
text: Neo reads the label on the disk.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Jiujitsu? I'm going to learn
dialog: jujitsu?
text: Tank slides the disk into Neo's supplement drive.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: No way.
text: Smiling, Tank punches the "load" code.
text: His body jumps against the harness as his eyes clamp
text: shut. The monitors kick wildly as his heart pounds,
text: adrenaline surges, and his brain sizzles.
text: An instant later his eyes snap open.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Holy shit!
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Hey, Mikey, he likes it! Ready
dialog: for more?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Hell yes!
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK - CLOSE ON COMPUTER MONITOR - LATER
text: as grey pixels slowly fill a small, half-empty box. It
text: is a meter displaying how much download time is left.
text: The title bar reads: "Combat Series 10 of 12," file
text: categories flashing beneath it: Savate, Jujitsu, Ken Po,
dialog: Drunken Boxing...
text: Morpheus walks in.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: How is he?
text: Tank looks at his watch, rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Ten hours straight. He's a
dialog: machine.
text: Neo's body spasms and relaxes as his eyes open, breath
text: hissing from his lips. He looks like he just orgasmed.
text: He locks at Morpheus.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: This is incredible. I know Kung
dialog: Fu.
text: Morpheus sits in the drive chair next to hin. He nods to
dialog: Tank.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Show me.
scene_heading: INT. DOJO
text: They are standing in a very sparse japanese-style dojo.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: This is a sparring program,
dialog: similar to the programmed reality
dialog: of the Matrix. Consider this your
dialog: first lesson.
text: He assumes a fighting stance.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Attack me.
text: Neo assumes a similar stance, cautiously circling until
text: he gives a short cry and launches a furious attack.
text: It is like a Jackie Chan movie at high speed, fists and
text: feet striking from every angle as Neo presses his attack
dialog: --
text: But each and every blow is blocked by effortless speed.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: While their minds battle in the programmed reality, the
text: two bodies appear quite serene, suspended in the drive
dialog: chairs.
text: Tank monitors their life systems noticing that Neo is
text: wildly and chaotically lit up as opposed to the slow and
text: steady rhythm of Morpheus.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL
text: Dinner is up. Everyone is eating bowls of single-cell
text: protein. It has a cottage cheese consistency.
text: MOUSE bursts in the room.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Morpheus is fighting Neo!
text: All at once they bolt for the door.
scene_heading: INT. DOJO
text: Neo's face is knotted, teeth clenched, as he hurls
dialog: himself at Morpheus.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Good. Adaption. Improvisation.
dialog: But your weakness isn't your
dialog: technique.
text: Morpheus attacks him and it is like nothing we have seen.
text: His feet and fists are everywhere taking Neo apart. For
text: every blow Neo blocks, five more hit their marks until --
text: Neo falls.
text: Panting, on his hands and knees, blood spits fror, his
text: mouth speckling the white floor of the Dojo.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: How did I beat you?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You -- You're too fast.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Do you think my being faster,
dialog: stronger has anything to do with
dialog: my muscles in this place?
text: Neo is frustrated, still unable to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Do you believe that's air you are
dialog: breathing now?
text: Neo squints at him.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: If you can free your mind, the
dialog: body will follow.
text: Neo stands, nodding.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Again.
text: Their fists fly with pneumatic speed.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Everyone is gathered behind Tank, watching the fight,
dialog: like watching a game of Mortal Combat.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Jeezus Keerist! That boy is fast!
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: You ever seen anyone that fast
dialog: that soon, Tank?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: Morpheus is right. He's got to be
dialog: the one.
scene_heading: INT. DOJO
text: The speed of the blows rises like a drum solo that seems
text: impossible to sustain. Neo's face sheds its mask of calm
text: with a scream.
dialog: He wants to beat Morpheus bad.
text: Finally a single blow catches Morpheus on the side of the
text: head, knocking his glasses off.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: There are several gasps.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: I don't believe it!
scene_heading: INT. DOJO
text: Morpheus rubs his face.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You are angry with me.
dialog: Neo pants.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I, uh... maybe.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: It's all right. It's natural.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I feel better.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Good, good. Anger is a gift, Neo,
dialog: but it's a heavy one.
text: Morpheus smiles.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Tank, load the jump program.
text: Neo straightens as the dojo DISSOLVES away like a curtain
text: lifting, leaving the two men now standing on a building
text: rooftop in a city skyline.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You have to learn to let go of
dialog: that anger. You must let go of
dialog: everything.
text: A WIND HOWLS, whipping Morpheus' long coat to the side.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You must empty yourself to free
dialog: your mind.
text: Morpheus spins, running hard at the edge of the rooftop.
text: And jumps. He sails through the air, his coat billowing
text: out behind him like a cape --
text: Somersaults once and lands on the rooftop across the
text: street.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Shit.
text: Neo looks down at the street twenty floors below, then at
text: Morpheus an impossible fifty feet away.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Okie dokie.
text: He takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Yeah. Free my mind. Right. No
dialog: problem.
text: He concentrates. Runs.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
dialog: They are transfixed.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: He's gonna make it.
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: No way. Not possible.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: No one's ever made their first
dialog: jump.
speaker_heading: SWITCH
dialog: What if he does?
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: He won't.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: It's never been done.
text: Trinity stares at the screen, her fists clenching as she
text: whispers.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Come on.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP
text: Summoning every ounce of strength in his legs, Neo
text: launches himself into the air in a single maniacal shriek
dialog: --
text: But comes up drastically short.
text: His eyes widen as he plummets. Stories fly by, the
text: ground rushing up at him, but as he hits --
text: The ground gives way, stretchinp like a trapeze net.
text: He bounces and flips, slowly coming to a rest, flat on
text: his back.
text: He laughs, a bit unsure, wiping the wind-blown tears from
text: his face.
text: Morpheus exits the building and helps him to his feet.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
text: Everyone falls the first time.
text: Neo nods quietly.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: If you never know failure, how can
dialog: you know success?
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: They break up.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: What does it mean?
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: It doesn't mean anything.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Everyone falls, right, Trinity?
dialog: But Trinity has left.
text: Neo's eyes open as Tank eases the plug out. He tries to
text: move and groans, cradling his ribs.
text: While Tank helps Morpheus, Neo spits blood into his hand.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I thought it wasn't real.
text: Neo stares at the blood.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: If you are killed in the Matrix,
dialog: you die here?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: The body cannot live without the
dialog: mind.
scene_heading: INT. NEO'S ROOM
text: Trinity enters from the hall, carrying a try of food.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Neo, I saved you some dinner --
text: She sees him passed out on the bed. She sets the tray
text: down and pulls the blanket over him.
text: She pauses, her face close to his, then inhales lightly,
text: breathing in the scent of him, before slowly pulling away.
text: It seems the moment she closes the door, he wakes with a
text: start, unsure of where he is. After a moment, he gets
text: out of bed.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: The ship is quiet and dark. Everyone is asleep.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: The core glows with monitor light. Cypher is in the
text: operator's chair as Neo cones up behind him.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Whoa! Shit, Neo, you scared the
dialog: bejeezus out of ne.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: No, it's all right.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: CYPHER
text: Midnight watch.
text: Neo's eyes light up as he steps closer to the screens
text: that seem alive with a constant flow of data.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Is that... ?
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: The Matrix? Yeah.
text: The monitors are packed with bizarre codes and equations.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: You want a drink?
text: He pours Neo a drink from a large plastic jug.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: I'll tell you, I feel for you,
dialog: man. I really do. Most of us
dialog: were still young, just punks, when
dialog: Morpheus jacked us. But you, you
dialog: had a real life.
text: Neo takes a sip and it almost kills him. Cypher pounds
text: on his back.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Good shit, huh? Dozer makes it.
dialog: It's good for two things:
dialog: degreasing engines and killing
dialog: brain cells.
text: Red-faced, Neo finally stops coughing.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Did he tell you why he did it?
text: Neo nods.
speaker_heading: CYPHER,
dialog: I'll be the didn't tell you that
dialog: this wasn't the first time he
dialog: thought he found the One.
text: Neo shakes his head as Cypher fills his cup and laughs.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Let me give you a piece of advice.
dialog: Between you and me, if Morpheus
dialog: says you can fly, I wouldn't go
dialog: jumping out any windows to find
dialog: out if he's right. Understand?
text: Cypher raises his drink. Neo swallows another throat-
text: scorching mouthful.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Welcome to the real world!
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT (MATRIX) - NIGHT
text: CHAMBER MUSIC and the ambiance of wealth soak the room as
text: we watch a serrated knife saw through a thick, gorgeous
dialog: steak.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: That's what he said to me nine
dialog: years ago.
text: The meat is so perfect, charred on the outside, oozing
text: red juice from the inside, that it could be a dream.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: The real world. Ha, what a joke.
text: We recognize the grating voice, the insidious laugh.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: You know what real is? I'll tell
dialog: you what real is.
text: A fork stabs the cube of meat and we FOLLOW it UP TO the
text: face of Cypher.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Real is just another four-letter
dialog: word.
text: He laughs, shoving the steak into his mouth.
text: The restaurant is located on the top floor of a Chicago
text: skyscraper where the view is breathtaking and the menu
dialog: has no prices.
text: Sitting across from Cypher is Agent Smith.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Do we have a deal, Mr. Reagan?
text: Cypher chews the steak loudly, smacking it between his
dialog: teeth.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Mmm, so, so fucking good.
text: Smith watches him shovel another hunk of meat into his
text: mouth.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: You know, I know that this steak
dialog: doesn't exist. I know when I put
dialog: it in my mouth, the Matrix is
dialog: telling my brain that it is juicy
dialog: and delicious. After nine years,
dialog: do you know what I've realized?
text: Pausing, he examines the meat skewered on his fork. He
text: pops it in, eyes rolling up, savoring the tender beef
text: melting in his mouth.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Ignorance is bliss.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Then we have a deal?
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: I don't want to remember nothing.
dialog: Nothing! You understand? And I
dialog: want to be rich. Someone
dialog: important. Like an actor. You
dialog: can do that, right?
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Whatever you want, Mr. Reagan.
text: Cypher takes a deep drink of wine.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: All right. You get my body back
dialog: in a power plant, reinsert me into
dialog: the Matrix and I'll get you what
dialog: you want.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Access codes to Zion.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: I told you, I don't know them.
dialog: But I can give you the man who
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Morpheus.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Sweat dapples his lip as Neo snaps out of the construct
dialog: coma.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Jeez, I was wondering about that.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Why I was bald here but not in the
dialog: Matrix.
speaker_heading: TANK
speaker_heading: R.S.I.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Residual self image.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Good. Now what's this?
text: He points to one of Neo's monitors.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Life systems monitor, glucose
dialog: levels.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Main power supply to the core.
text: He follows Tank to the operator's station where he points
text: to a red key-switch.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: How about this?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Mainframe self-destruct. Uses all
dialog: remaining power to generate an...
speaker_heading: E.M.P?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Electromagnetic pulse. Our best
dialog: weapon against the machines. The
dialog: problem is if someone is still in
dialog: the Matrix when that thing goes
dialog: off, they're not coming back.
text: Neo nods as Morpheus comes up behind them.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: How's he doing?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: We just finished the operation
dialog: programs and he's showing great
dialog: retention.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Good. I want everyone alerted to
dialog: 12-hour stand-by. We're going in.
dialog: Neo, it's time for you to know why
dialog: you're here.
text: Morpheus walks away.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What's he talking about?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: He's taking you into the Matrix to
dialog: see her.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: See who?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: The Oracle.
text: Neo looks down at the monitor teeming with Matrix data
text: that seems to coalesce, equations giving way to images as
text: a METAL SCREAM RISES BECOMING --
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO (MATRIX) - DAY
dialog: An El train.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The room is empty, heavy curtains covering windows. It
text: looks as if it hasn't been touched in years. In the
text: bedroom with the cracked oval mirror an old black PHONE
text: begins to RING.
text: In the mirror, we first glimpse them and as we keep
text: TURNING, the room fills with equipment and the team.
text: Morpheus answers the phone.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: We're in.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
text: Mouse and Cable hold the exit.
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo follows the others down the stairwell that winds
text: around an antique elevator shaft.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Did you have to do this?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What did she tell you?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Lots of things.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Any of them true?
text: Trinity looks at him, then looks away.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Some of them.
speaker_heading: GIZMO
dialog: Were they good or bad?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: There's no point in worrylng.
dialog: Whatever is going to happen is
dialog: going to happen.
text: They cross the old lobby. Switch and Apoc stop at the
text: doors.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: We should be back in an hour.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo squints into the sun that seems unnaturally bright.
text: He is the only one without sunglasses.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Do you now understand what it
dialog: means when we say, if you're not
dialog: one of us, you're one of them?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: The agents. They're sentient
dialog: programs. They can commandeer any
dialog: software hardwired to the
dialog: mainframe.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Anyone that is still in a power
dialog: plant. That is why we try to be
dialog: invisible in the Matrix.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: The best hacking is always
text: traceless.
text: Cypher and Trinity move away from them, securing the
text: perimeter. As Cypher passes a garbage can, he
text: surreptitiously drops something inside.
text: It is a cellular phone and we watch the blue display as
text: the LINE CONNECTS.
text: An early 1970s, black Lincoln Continental emerges from a
text: corrugated roll-up garage. Morpheus and Neo get in.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN CONTINENTAL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: An enormous man is waiting for them. A wad of chewing
text: tobacco bulges his cheek. He spits into a Coke can.
speaker_heading: MOJO
dialog: Morpheus, been a long time coming.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You're looking well, Mojo.
text: Mojo coughs a brown, cankerous laugh, juice speckling his
text: chin and shirt. He stares at Neo.
speaker_heading: MOJO
dialog: You bringing us geriatrics now.
dialog: Morpheus?
text: He spits and laughs again.
speaker_heading: MOJO
dialog: Guess you are locking for a
dialog: miracle.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The Continental pulls up to a bar in the kind of
text: neighborhood where every corner has a pair of eyes.
scene_heading: INT. BAR (MATRIX) - DAY
text: A lightless, lower-class bar. No one enters that is not
dialog: expected.
text: The front doors open in a brilliant burst of sunlight as
text: Mojo leads Morpheus and Neo inside. Neo looks around,
text: his eyes adjusting to the darkness.
text: Mojo talks to the bartender, then looks over.
speaker_heading: MOJO
dialog: All right, it's cool. Go on back.
text: They weave their way to the back of the bar, the STICKY
text: FLOOR SNAPPING under their FEET.
text: A monolith of a man rises from his stool as they walk up.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: You're late.
text: He moves to the side, opening the heavy iron door behind
text: him. They descend the basement staircase toward the
text: single bare bulb at the bottom, hanging above the only
text: door.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY
text: A high-tech laptop and modem are set up on a stack of
text: milk crates. Neo waits as Morpheus types in a series of
text: access codes. After a moment the screen blinks, "Welcome
dialog: Morpheus."
text: Morpheus walks back to the same door they entered, but it
text: now leads into --
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE OF ZION (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The walls and floors are polished marble. Neo follows,
text: his mouth agape.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What -- what happened?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: This is the temple. It is a part
text: of Zion's mainframe. It's hidden
dialog: inside the Matrix so that we can
dialog: access it.
text: Two PRIESTESSES are waiting in the antechamber.
speaker_heading: PRIESTESS
dialog: Hello, Morpheus. We've been
dialog: expecting you.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Okay, you're on your own. Go with
dialog: them.
text: They take Neo by the arm, leading him down a hall into
text: another room.
speaker_heading: PRIESTESS
dialog: Wait here. Among the other
dialog: Potentials.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM OF POTENTIALS (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo enters and finally understands the attention given to
text: his age. The Potentials are all little children.
text: The room feels at once like a Buddhist temple and a
dialog: kindergarten class. The children's heads are either
text: shaved or thick with dreadlocks. Some are playing,
dialog: others meditating or practicing their gift.
text: Neo watches a little girl levitate wooden alphabet
text: blocks. A skinny BOY holds a SPOON which sways like a
text: blade of grass as he bends it with his rnind.
text: Neo crosses to him, sits.
text: The Boy smiles as Neo picks up a spoon and tries to
text: imitate him. Despite his best efforts, Neo cannot make
dialog: it bend.
speaker_heading: SPOON BOY
dialog: Your spoon does not bend because
dialog: it is just that, a spoon. Mine
dialog: bends because there is no spoon,
dialog: just my mind.
text: Neo watches as it curls into a knot.
speaker_heading: SPOON BOY
dialog: Link yourself to the spoon.
dialog: Become the spoon and bend
dialog: yourself.
text: Neo nods, again holding up his spoon.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: There is no spoon. Right.
text: He concentrates. The spoon begins to bend just as the
text: Priestess touches his shoulder.
speaker_heading: PRIESTESS
dialog: The Oracle will see you now.
text: Spoon Boy smiles.
scene_heading: INT. SHRINE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo enters nervously. Beneath his feet is a path of the
text: zodiac leading to marbled stairs that rise to a dais and
text: a three-legged throne.
text: The throne is empty.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Hello?
text: A DISTANT FEMALE VOICE calls to him and he follows it up
text: the stairs. At the top of the dais, he smells something
dialog: cooking.
text: Following the scent, he moves behind the pillars where he
text: finds an open door.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Just come on in.
text: He walks through a vestibule where he sees a fabulous
text: moonstone headdress and velvet robes. A second door
text: leads into --
scene_heading: INT. ORACLE'S CHAMBERS (MATRIX) - DAY
text: It looks like a suburban tract house.
text: There is a lot of cozy furniture, a dining roon hutch
text: filled with china, shelves and tables crowded with
text: doilies, knick-knacks and ceramic brick-a-brack.
text: Neo follows the plastic carpet runner to the kitchen.
text: A WOMAN is huddled beside the oven, peering inside
text: through the cracked door.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ORACLE (WOMAN)
dialog: I know. You're Neo. Be right
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You're the Oracle?
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Bingo. I got to say I love seeing
dialog: you non-believers. It's really a
dialog: relief. All that pomp and
dialog: circumstances just plain tucker me
dialog: out. Almost done. Smell good,
dialog: don't they?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: I'd ask you to sit down, but
dialog: you're not going to anyway. And
dialog: don't worry about the vase.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What vase?
text: He turns to look around and his elbow knocks a VASE from
text: the table. It BREAKS against the linoleum floor.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
text: The vase.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Shit, I'm sorry.
text: She pulls out a tray of chocolate chip cookies and turns.
text: She is an older woman, wearing big oven mitts,
text: comfortable slacks and a print blouse. She looks like
dialog: someone's grandma.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: I said don't worry about it. I'll
dialog: get one of my kids to fix it.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: How did you know...?
text: She sets the cookie tray on a wooden hot-pad.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: What's really going to bake your
dialog: noodle later on is, would you
dialog: still have broken it if I hadn't
dialog: said anything.
text: Smiling, she lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: You're cuter than I thought. I
dialog: see why she likes you.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Not too bright, though.
text: She winks.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: You know why Morpheus brought you
dialog: to see me?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: So? What do you think? You think
dialog: you're the one?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I don't know.
text: She gestures to a wooden plaque, the kind every grandma
dialog: has, except that the words are in Latin.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: You know what that means? It's
dialog: Latin. Means, 'Know thyself.'
text: She puts her cigarette down.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Well, let's have a look at you.
text: She widens his eyes, checks his ears, then feels the
text: glands in his neck.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Open your mouth. Say, 'ahhh.'
text: She nods then looks at his palms.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Hmmm. You sure got the gift, but
dialog: it's tricky. I'd say the bad news
dialog: is, you're not the one. Still got
dialog: a lot to learn. Maybe next life.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What's the good news?
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Same as the bad news, you're not
dialog: the one.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Is that it, then?
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: No. Here.
text: She picks up the tray of cooling cookies.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: You better take a cookie. Got a
dialog: big day ahead of you.
text: He eyes her, then takes a cookie.
speaker_heading: ORACLE
dialog: Make a believer out of you yet.
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Morpheus rises from a bench as the Priestess escorts Neo
text: out. When they are alone, Morpheus puts his hand on
text: Neo's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You don't have to tell me
dialog: anything, Neo, because I already
dialog: know what she said.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I brought you so that you could
dialog: hear it for yourself. I knew it
dialog: would help.
text: Neo finishes his cookie.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: No one will ever ask you because
dialog: it is a gift from her. It is for
dialog: you and you alone.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Storm clouds shroud the streets as the sky turns
dialog: jaundice.
text: Cypher nervously glances down the surrounding streets.
text: He notices several unmarked white vans.
text: He mops the sweat from his forehead, when Trinity sees
dialog: the black Lincoln.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Here they come.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: In the hovercraft, we see the sweat rolling down Cypher's
text: face and neck.
text: Tank is typing rapidly at the keyboard.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Weird. This area never has this
text: much activity.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Apoc opens the side door and they enter the hotel.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Mouse's CELLULAR RINGS.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Welcome to Movie-Phone.
speaker_heading: TANK (V.O.)
dialog: They're on their way.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Right.
text: The phone flips shut as he jumps up.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Let's get to work.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Light filters down the throat of the building through a
text: caged skylight at the top of the open elevator shaft.
text: Four figures glide up the dark stairs that wind around
text: the antique elevator.
text: Neo notices a black cat, a yellow-green-eyed shadow that
text: slinks past them and pads quickly down the stairs.
text: A moment later, Neo sees another black cat that looks and
text: moves identically to the first one.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Whoa. Deja vu.
text: Those words stop the others dead in their tracks.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: The monitors suddenly glitch as though the Matrix had an
dialog: electronic seizure.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Trinity turns around, her face tight.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What did you just say?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Nothing. Just had a little deja
dialog: vu.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What happened? What did you see?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: A black cat went past us and then
dialog: I saw another that looked just
dialog: like it.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: How much like it? Was it the same
dialog: cat?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: It might have been. I'm not sure.
text: Trinity looks at Morpheus, who listens quietly to the
text: rasping breath of the old building.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: A deja vu is usually a glitch in
dialog: the Matrix. It happens when they
dialog: change something.
text: She also listens as the staccato BEAT of HELICOPTER
text: BLADES GROW ominously LOUDER.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Tank sees what was changed.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: It's a trap!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Morpheus looks up the stairs as a helicopter shadow
text: passes over the clouded glass.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Come on!
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Cable goes to the draped windows.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Did you just feel something weird?
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Yeah...
text: The CELLULAR RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Heavy bolt-cutters snap through the main phone cable.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Mouse answers the phone.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: TANK (V.O.)
dialog: They cut the hard-line! It's a
dialog: trap! Get out!
text: Cable yanks open the curtain.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Oh, no.
text: The windows are bricked up.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The door to the roof explodes open as heavily-armed rnen
text: rush towards room 1313.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Tank watches helplessly.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: No, no, no.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The door slams open and the police force pours in, dozens
text: of assault rifles surrounding Mouse and Cable who are
text: armed with only handguns.
speaker_heading: CABLE
dialog: Morpheus! It's a trap --
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Morpheus stops as the scream is drowned by the REPORT of
text: MACHINE GUNS filling the building with a terrible fury.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Oh, God.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Mouse's body thrashes against its harness as --
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 1313 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: BULLETS POUND him against the blood-splattered brick
text: window. Gun smoke thickens the room, Cable blasting and
text: moving until --
text: The HAMMER CLICKS empty. He screams as a DOZEN GUNS OPEN
text: FIRE, ripping him apart.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Blood spits from Cable's mouth, his body spasming, then
text: lying perfectly still.
text: The flat-line ALARM softly cries out from the life
text: MONITORS of the two dead men.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: More police cars arrive as cops break open the lobby
text: doors.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Flying downstairs, Morpheus stops, hearing the police
text: swarming below. He turns and rushes down the hall of the
text: eighth floor. At the end of it, he finds the bricked-up
text: windows.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: That's what they changed. We're
dialog: trapped. There's no way out.
text: The sound of heavy BOOT-STEPS close around them with the
dialog: mechanical sureness of a vice.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Give me your phone.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: They'll be able to track it.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: We have no choice.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Tank answers the call.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: Tank, find a structural drawing of
dialog: this building and find it fast.
text: His fingers pound the keyboard.
scene_heading: INT. LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Flashlights probe the rotting darkness as the police
dialog: search every floor.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: The diagram windows onto the screen.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS (V.O.)
dialog: I need the main wet-wall.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Smith pauses, his hand going to his earpiece.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 808 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Morpheus is guided by Tank.
speaker_heading: TANK (V.O.)
dialog: Now left and that's it in front of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Good.
text: He cuts off the phone.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Smith hears the LINE CLICK dead.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Eighth floor. They're on the
text: eighth floor.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Brown hears Smith on his earphone.
speaker_heading: AGENT BROWTJ
dialog: Eighth floor! Move!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Cops flood the eighth floor, rushing everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 808 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Several cops sweep through the room. It is empty. As
text: they pass the bathroom, we see a man-sized hole smashed
text: through the plaster and lathe.
scene_heading: INT. WALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: They are inside the main plumbing wall, slowly worming
text: their way down the greasy, black stack pipes.
text: Above them, light fills the hole they made to get inside.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Brown turns to Smith.
speaker_heading: AGENT BROWN
dialog: Where are they?
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 608 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The cops search in silence, straining for a clue, when
text: one hears SOMETHING STRANGE near the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. WALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Cypher has slipped and is wedged between the wall and
text: several thick supply pipes.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 608 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The Cop leans in, his ear almost against the thin
text: membrane of plaster separating them. He can hear
text: WHISPERS, HISSES and a GRUNT when --
text: The WALL suddenly bulges, SHATTER-CRACKING as the Cop
text: realizes --
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: They're in the walls!
scene_heading: INT. WALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo pulls Cypher free just as the Cop OPENS FIRE --
text: BULLETS PUNCHING shafts of light like swords into the box
text: of soot-black space.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 608 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The Cop keeps FIRING, his flashlight strapped to his gun
text: barrel, lighting up the wall until --
text: A BULLET spits out his forehead. Agent Smith watches the
text: BODY fall with a THUD.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Are orders that hard to follow?
dialog: I'll say it again. Morpheus must
dialog: be taken alive. Understand?
scene_heading: INT. WALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: They're almost falling, they're climbing so fast.
text: Above them, plaster is smashed open as crunbling bits
text: shower down on them, filling the crawlway with dust.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 608 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Smith looks into the open wall, at the exposed
text: intestines of the building, and realizes where they are
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: How like a rodent.
scene_heading: INT. WALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Just below, a RIFLE-BUTT SMASHES open the WALL, light
text: raking across the lathe.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I got him! I got him!
text: Trinity finds her gun first. BULLET-HOLES POP out the
text: WALL as she STRAFES the room, sending cops diving for
text: cover.
text: They continue, Trinity exposed for a roment, when a
text: creeping cop smashes a fist through and grabs a fistful
text: of her hair.
text: He starts to yank her out when Neo kicks, his boot
text: bursting through plaster and splintering lathe, knocking
dialog: the Cop out.
text: They then quickly sink out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY
text: This part of the basement, a dark concrete cavern, was
text: the main mechanical room. There are four enormous
dialog: boilers, dinosaur-like technology that once pumped hot
dialog: water like arteries.
text: Black and bloody, they squeeze out from the ceiling into
text: the tangled web of pipes.
dialog: Their enemies are waiting for them.
text: Blinding lights cut open the darkness as gas-masked
text: figures FIRE GRENADE LAUNCHERS.
text: Smoke blossoms from the green-metal canisters.
text: Morpheus never stops moving. Searching the floor, he
text: finds what.he needs; the cover of the catch basin.
text: Cypher watches him pry open the grate, when a gas can
text: bounces near him.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Come on!
text: Cypher seems to trip as the cloud envelops him.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Cypher's body begins to shiver uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Nerve gas.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Morpheus watches Cypher disappear into the smoke then
text: follows the others down the wet-black hole.
scene_heading: INT. CATCH BASIN (MATRIX) - DAY
text: They crawl through greasy black water in a three foot
text: diameter pipe that feeds into the sewer main.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Gas-masked apparitions find the open hole.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Cypher is carried out, hand-cuffed, his body still
text: shaking, mucus bubbling out his nose. As he is led past
text: Agent Smith, it almost seems that both men smile.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: We have them now.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER MAIN (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo punches out the screen and then spills down into the
text: main water trough.
text: Oily water forms around them as they wade across the man-
text: made underground river, towards the service catwalk.
text: Neo is about to pull himself out when he sees them coming.
text: Flashlights and laser sites sweep at them as cops in
text: helmets and heavy armor, looking more nachine than human,
dialog: fill both ends of the tunnel.
text: There is a single manhole cover above them.
text: Morpheus whispers to Trinity.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You have to get Neo out.
dialog: Understand? That's all that
dialog: matters now.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Morpheus, don't --
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: He must get out. Do you
dialog: understand me?
text: She nods.
text: A font of water erupts as Morpheus leaps for the manhole
text: ladder, his coat flying open like the wings of a manta
dialog: ray.
speaker_heading: COPS
dialog: There he is! That's him!
text: Pools of light wash over him as he hauls himself to the
text: surface.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: He's heading for the street!
text: Trinity urges the others to follow her. Grabbing Neo,
text: they wade quietly away from the chaos.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Morpheus shoots out of the sewer but the police are
text: waiting for him. The closest cop is armed with a
text: tranquilized gun. He fires --
text: But Morpheus' is too fast, using the manhole cover as a
text: shield, blocking the darts, then --
text: Frisbee-ing it into the cop's armored chest, knocking him
text: off his feet.
text: The cops lunge at him but every part of his body is a
text: deadly weapon moving with impossible speed.
text: It seems he might fight his way out when he throws a
text: spinning back fist that is caught by --
dialog: Agent Smith.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: So, we meet at last.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: And you are?
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Smith. I am Agent Smith.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: You all look the same to me.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: I've been waiting for this noment.
text: Faster than a snake spits, Morpheus cracks Smith with a
text: jaw-breaking right.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Oh, so have I.
text: Agent Smith smiles.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER MAIN (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Trinity leads the others, fading into the darkness of the
text: tunnel, lit only with shafts of lights streaming through
text: the street drains as we RISE TOWARDS them --
text: THROUGH a grate INTO the fight.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Smith and Morpheus exchange a furious serious of blows
dialog: that is witnessed but not believed by the surrounding
dialog: police.
text: Agent Smith delivers a punishing kick that staggers
dialog: Morpheus.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: You can't win.
text: Morpheus smiles.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I already have.
text: He stands up and drops his fists; a steely resolve in his
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Take him.
text: Cops swarm over Morpheus.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Tank reaches out to the screen as if reaching for
dialog: Morpheus.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: No!
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL LAFAYETTE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Cuff ed and beaten, Morpheus is thrown into a caged
text: transport vehicle. The DOOR CLANGS shut.
dialog: Agent Jones finds Agent Smith.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: The others were lost.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: You've taken care of Reagan?
text: Agent Jones nods.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Then the others do not matter.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: A manhole cover cracks open. Two eyes peek out just as a
text: TRUCK RATTLES over it. The THUNDER DOPPLERS AWAY and the
text: cover opens.
text: Neo, Trinity, Switch and Apoc climb out. Trinity pulls a
text: water-logged phone from her pocket.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: We need a phone.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Tank is again at the monitors, searching the Matrix.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: We gotta find the others. They're
dialog: still alive.
text: The PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Operator.
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: I need an exit! Fast!
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Cypher? I thought they had you?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Cypher is standing at a public phone. Across the street
text: is the burning paddy wagon that appears to have collided
text: witli an oncoming car.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: There was an accident. A fucking
text: car accident. All of a sudden.
dialog: Boom. They're all dead. I still
dialog: got the shakes but, Jesus,
dialog: someone's going to make a believer
dialog: out of me.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Dozer spots the wreck.
speaker_heading: DOZER
dialog: There he is.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: I got you.
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: Just get me outta here.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
speaker_heading: TANK (V.O.)
dialog: Nearest exit is Franklin and Erie.
text: An old appliance store.
text: Cypher hangs up and smiles as the fire trucks arrive.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: An actor. Definitely.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: The PHONE RINGS. Tank answers.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Operator.
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: Tank, it's me.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: They are outside a pawn shop. Trinity has a new cellular.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: We need an exit!
speaker_heading: TANK (V.O.)
dialog: Gotcha. You're not far from
dialog: Cypher.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Cypher, I thought --
speaker_heading: TANK (V.O.)
dialog: So did we. That boy's got nine
dialog: lives. I sent him to Franklin and
dialog: Erie.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Got it.
text: She hangs up.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Running, Cypher turns onto Erie.
scene_heading: INT. APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Dead machines, eviscerated and shrouded with dust lay on
text: metal shelves like bodies in a morgue.
text: Plywood covering a small window is ripped off and Cypher
text: crawls inside.
text: Deep in the back room, a PHONE that has not rung in years
text: begins to RING.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Tank punches the emit command.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Got him.
text: Cypher's body twitches in its harness, jerking itself
text: awake. His eyes blink open. Dozer unplugs him.
speaker_heading: DOZER
dialog: System check looks fine.
text: Cypher stands, a raspy cough spewing from his lungs.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Trinity sees the appliance shop.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Cypher holds his chest.
speaker_heading: DOZER
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Goddamn gas. My lungs are killing
dialog: me.
text: He crosses to an overhead bin.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: We got any pain killers?
speaker_heading: DOZER
dialog: The first aid kit's over here.
text: As Dozer stoops for a cabinet, Cypher pulls back a heavy
text: blanket exposing a plasma rifle.
scene_heading: INT. APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo crawls through the window that Cypher opened.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Tank finishes loading the exit programs as Cypher rises
text: behind him, swinging the weapon at his back.
text: He looks over as Dozer turns with the first aid kit, a
text: look of frozen disbelief crossing his face --
speaker_heading: DOZER
dialog: No!
text: Tank spins as red hot wads of PLASMA EXPLODE through his
text: chair and into his back. Diving, a second BURST tears up
text: his side --
text: As Dozer shoots a look at the monitor where Tank was
text: working. He stabs the enter command activating the exit
text: sequence and ducks under a BARRAGE of PLASMA FIRE-
scene_heading: INT. APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The PHONE begins to RING as the others crawl in.
speaker_heading: SWITCH
dialog: God, I love that sound.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Dozer rolls up, grabbing a heavy crowbar from a box of
dialog: tools.
text: Cypher circles the drive chairs as the sights of the
text: plasma rifle find Dozer's face.
text: Dozer charges, screaming, and the PLASMA RIFLE SCREAMS
dialog: back.
scene_heading: INT. APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The PHONE is still RINGING.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: You first,.Neo.
text: Neo answers the phone when there is a CLICK. There is no
text: signal. Nothing but silence.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I don't know. It just went dead.
text: Trinity listens to the dead line and takes out the
dialog: cellular.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: The operator PHONE begins to RING- Cypher steps over the
text: body of Tank and looks at the monitor.
scene_heading: INT. APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Trinity can almost feel him watching them. Every
text: unanswered RING wrings her gut a little tighter, until --
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, Trinity.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Cypher? Where's Tank?
speaker_heading: CYPHER (V.O.)
dialog: He had an accident.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: An accident? What about Dozer?
dialog: Is Dozer there?
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: He walks over to Trinity's body, staring down at it
text: hanging in its coma-like stillness.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: You know, for a long time, I
dialog: thought I was in love with you,
dialog: Trinity. I used to dream about
dialog: you...
text: He nuzzles his face against hers, feeling the softness of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: You are a beautiful woman. Too
dialog: bad things had to work out like
dialog: this.
text: We INTERCUT BETWEEN the appliance store and the main
text: deck.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: You killed them.
speaker_heading: APOC
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: SWITCH
dialog: Oh God.
text: Wearing Tank's operator headgear, Cypher moves among the
text: silent bodies.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: In a way you're very lucky. Most
dialog: people never know why they die.
dialog: One minute they're alive, the next
dialog: they're dead. No warning.
dialog: Nothing. That's why I thought
dialog: maybe I should tell you. It
dialog: seemed the least I could do.
text: He stands over the body of Morpheus, as his anger boils
text: up out of him.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: You see, the truth, the real,truth
dialog: is that the war is over. It's
dialog: been over for a long time. And
dialog: guess what? We lost! Did you
dialog: hear that? We lost the war!
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What about Zion?
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Zion? Zion is a part of this
dialog: delusion. More of this madness.
dialog: That's why this has to be done.
dialog: It has to end. Now and forever.
text: She suddenly sees the entire dark plan.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Oh rny God. This is abzut Zion.
dialog: You gave them Morpheus for the
dialog: access codes to Zion.
text: Cypher walks away from Morpheus and bends down next to
text: Apoc's body.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: You see, Trinity, we humans have a
dialog: place in the future. But it's not
dialog: here. It's in the Matrix.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: The Matrix isn't real!
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Oh, I disagree, Trinity. I
dialog: disagree. I think the Matrix is
dialog: more real than this world. I
dialog: mean, all I do is pull a plug
dialog: here. But there, you watch a man
dialog: die.
text: He grabs hold of the cable in Apoc's neck, twists it and
text: yanks it out.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: You tell me which is more real.
text: Apoc seems to go blind for an instant, a scream caught in
text: his throat, his hands reaching for nothing, and then
text: falls dead. Switch screams.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Welcome to the real world, right?
text: He laughs.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Somehow, some way, you're going to
dialog: pay for this.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Pay for it? I'm not even going to
dialog: remember it. It'll be like it
dialog: never happened. The tree falling
text: in the forest. It doesn't make a
text: sound.
text: His hand slides around the neck of Switch as he takes
text: hold of her plug.
text: She suddenly feels her body severed from her mind as she
text: is murdered.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Goddamn you, Cypher!
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: Don't hate me, Trinity. I'm just
dialog: the messenger. And right now I'm
dialog: going to prove that the message is
dialog: true.
text: He stands over Neo.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: If Morpheus was right, then
dialog: there's no way I can pull this
dialog: plug, is there?
text: She turns to Neo, eyes wide with fear, and he knows he is
dialog: next.
speaker_heading: CYPHER
dialog: If he is the One, then in the next
dialog: few seconds there has to be some
dialog: kind of miracle to stop me.
dialog: Because if he dies like the others
dialog: that means Morpheus was wrong.
dialog: How can he be the One if he's
dialog: dead?
text: He takes hold of the cord when --
text: She hears an EXPLOSION and a scream.
text: Cypher is on the ground, his left leg blown off at the
text: knee. He rolls over and finds Tank on the ground, and
text: the sights of the plasma rifle.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: How's it feel, Cypher? Knowing
dialog: you're about to die?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: It's Tank! He's alive.
text: Cypher lunges for Neo's plug just as Tank BLOWS his head
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT. APPLIANCE STORE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: They're both listening, trying to figure out what is
text: happening when the store PHONE starts to RING.
text: Trinity smiles, tears moistening her eyes as Neo throws
text: his arms around her. For a moment, it looks as if they
text: might kiss before Trinity lets go.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: We should, we should hurry.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Yeah. Right.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Trinity's eyes open, a sense of relief surging through
text: her at the sight of the ship. As Tank unplugs her, she
text: sees his charred wounds.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Tank, you're hurt.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: I'll be all right.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Dozer?
text: Tank's face tightens.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: I'm sorry, Tank.
scene_heading: EXT. NIKO HOTEL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: A Japanese luxury hotel in downtown Chicago.
text: A military helicopter sets down on the roof. Heavily
text: armed Marines begin to deploy.
text: Agent Jones gets out of the helicopter, flanked by
text: columns of Marines. They open the roof access door
text: and enter the top-floor maintenance level of the hotel.
scene_heading: INT. TOP FLOOR (MATRIX) - DAY
text: They get in the elevator. At every door, at least two
text: Marines stop and post guard.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: They exit the elevator and walk to the Presidential
dialog: suite; the final two Marines post guard.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Inside, he finds Agent Smith.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: There is a problem. Reagan has
dialog: failed to secure the hardware.
text: Agent Smith stares out the window.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Never send a human to do a
dialog: machine's job.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: But if Reagan has failed, why
dialog: haven't they pulled the plug?
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Haven't you learned by now, that
dialog: it is impossible to understand why
dialog: they do the things they do?
text: He turns.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Continue as planned. Trace his
dialog: signal to locate their position
dialog: and deploy an extermination unit.
text: Morpheus is handcuffed to a chair, stripped to the waist.
text: He is bleeding from numerous wounds and is pumped full of
text: serum, alternately shivering and sweating. He is hooked
text: up to various monitors with white disk electrodes.
text: Agent Brown begins running a trace program.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Neo looks at Morpheus whose body is covered with a cold
text: sweat.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: What are they doing to him?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: They're cracking his mind.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: They inject virus-like serums to
dialog: break down the system. It's like
dialog: cracking a computer. All it takes
dialog: is time.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: How much time?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Depends on the mind. But
dialog: eventually, it will crack and his
dialog: alpha pattern will change from
dialog: this to this.
text: Tank punches several commands on Morpheus' personal unit.
text: The monitor waves change from a chaotic pattern to an
dialog: orderly symmetrical one.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: When it does, Morpheus will tell
dialog: them anything they want to know.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: The access codes to Zion.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: If an agent got inside Zion's
dialog: mainframe he could do anything.
dialog: Disable the defense system. It
dialog: would be the end of us.
text: He looks up at Trinity who is pacing relentlessly.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: We can't let that happen. We have
dialog: to do it, Trinity. Zion has to be
dialog: protected.
text: Trinity sees Cypher's dead body. Rage overtakes her and
text: she starts kicking hin.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Goddamnit! Goddamnit!
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: We have to pull the plug.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: We don't have any other choice.
dialog: Those words are like using gasoline to put out a fire and
text: we watch the pain in her eyes burn into a blaze. She
text: walks past him and gets into her chair.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Trinity, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: I'm going in after him.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Morpheus could conform at any
dialog: minute --
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: If he does I'm sure you'll do what
dialog: has to be done.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: You saw that place. It's suicide.
text: She glares at him.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: I know what Morpheus means to
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: No. No, I don't think you do. If
dialog: you did, then you would know that
dialog: I'm not letting him go. Not
dialog: without a fight, Tank.
text: She yanks her harness tight.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Not without a fight.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Smith stands in the bedroon of the enormous suite,
text: staring out the windows at the city, below, shimmering
text: with brilliant sunlight.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Have you ever stood and stared at
dialog: it, Morpheus? Marveled at its
dialog: beauty. Its genius. Billions of
dialog: people just living out their
text: lives... oblivious.
text: Agent Brown sucks a serum from a glass vial, filling a
dialog: hypodermic needle.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Did you know that the first Matrix
dialog: was designed to be a perfect human
dialog: world? Where none suffered, where
dialog: everyone would be happy. It was a
dialog: disaster. No one would accept the
dialog: program. Entire crops were lost.
text: Agent Brown jams the needle into Morpheus' shoulder, and
text: plunges down.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Some believed we lacked the
dialog: programming language to describe
dialog: your perfect world. But I believe
dialog: that, as a species, human beings
dialog: define their reality through
dialog: suffering and misery.
text: Agent Brown studies the screens as the life signs react
text: violently to the injection.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: The perfect world was a dream that
dialog: your primitive cerebrum kept
dialog: trying to wake up from. Which is
dialog: why the Matrix was re-designed to
dialog: this: the peak of your
dialog: civilization.
text: He turns from the window.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: I say 'your civilization' because
dialog: as soon as we start thinking for
dialog: you, it really becomes our
dialog: civilization, which is, of course,
dialog: what this is all about.
text: He sits down directly in front of Morpheus.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Evolution, Morpheus. Evolution.
text: He lifts Morpheus' head.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Like the dinosaur. Look out that
dialog: window. You had your time.
text: Morpheus stares hard at him, trying hard not to show the
text: pain racking his mind.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: The future is our world, Morpheus.
dialog: The future is our time.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Neo goes to his chair and begins strapping in.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What do you think you're doing?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: You need help. I'm coming with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: No. No way. Morpheus sacrificed
dialog: himself so you could escape.
dialog: There's no way you're going back
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Morpheus did what he did because
dialog: he believed that I'm something
dialog: that I'm not.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I'm not the One, Trinity. The
dialog: Oracle told me.
text: Trinity is stunned.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: She said I had a gift but I still
dialog: had a lot to learn. She told me
dialog: maybe next life.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Did you tell Morpheus?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Why? It wouldn't mean anything.
dialog: He'd still believe what he wanted
dialog: to believe. But Morpheus is the
dialog: one that matters. He's more
dialog: important than me and we both know
dialog: it.
text: He straps in.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I may not be what Morpheus thinks
dialog: I am, but if I don't try to help
dialog: him, then I'm not even what I
dialog: think I am.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What are you?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: His friend.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Smith sits casually across from Morpheus who is
text: hunched over, his body leaking and twitching.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: I'd like to share a revelation
dialog: that I've had during my time here.
dialog: It came to me when I tried to
dialog: classify your species. I've
dialog: realized that you are not actually
dialog: mammals.
text: The life signs continue their chaotic patterns.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Every mammal on this planet
dialog: instinctively develops a natural
dialog: equilibrium with the surrounding
dialog: environment. But you humans do
dialog: not. You move to an area and you
dialog: multiply and multiply until every
dialog: natural resource is consumed and
dialog: the only way you can survive is to
text: spread to another area.
text: He leans forward.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: There is another organism on this
dialog: planet that follows the same
dialog: pattern. Do you know what it is?
dialog: A virus.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Human beings are a disease, a
dialog: cancer of this planet. You are a
dialog: plague. And we are... the cure.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Trinity and Neo hang motionless in the suspension unit.
text: Tank is at the operations station.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Okay. Store's open. What do you
dialog: need?
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: Guns. Lots of guns.
speaker_heading: TANK
text: Coming right up.
text: He loads the weapons disk.
scene_heading: INT. CONSTRUCT
text: Racks of weapons appear and Neo and Trinity arm
dialog: themselves.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: No one has ever done anything like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Yeah?
text: He snap cocks an Uzi.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: That's why it's going to work.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Smith is again at the window.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Why isn't the serum working?
speaker_heading: AGENT BROWN
dialog: Perhaps we are asking the wrong
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: Or he doesn't know.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Of course he knows. He's
text: resisting.
speaker_heading: AGENT BROWN
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: I don't know. If I knew...
text: Agent Smith hides his knotting fist. He is becoming
dialog: angry. It is something that isn't supposed to happen to
dialog: agents.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Leave me with him.
text: Agent Brown and Jones look at each other.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Now!
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Tank sits down beside Morpheus whose face is ashen like
text: someone near death. He takes hold of his hand.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Hold on, Morpheus. They're coming
dialog: for you. They're coming.
scene_heading: EXT. NIKO HOTEL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: A dark wind blows.
scene_heading: INT. NIKO HOTEL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: In long, black coats, Trinity and Neo push through the
text: revolving doors.
text: Neo is carrying a duffel bag. Trinity has a large metal
text: suitcase. They cut across the lobby drawing nervous
text: glances.
text: Dark glasses, game faces.
text: Several plainclothes cops try to stop them. They are met
text: by the MUTED SPIT of a SILENCED GUN and the RAZORED
text: WHISTLE of THROWING STARS.
text: The cops slump down to the marbled floor while Neo and
dialog: Trinity do not even break stride.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Smith leans close to Morpheus, whispering to him.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Can you hear me, Morpheus? I'm
dialog: going to be honest with you.
text: He removes his earphone, letting it dangle over his
text: shoulder.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: I hate this place. This zoo.
dialog: This prison. This reality,
dialog: whatever you want to call it, I
dialog: can't stand it any longer. It's
dialog: the smell, if there is such a
dialog: thing. I feel saturated by it. I
dialog: can taste your stink and every
dialog: time I do, I fear that I've
dialog: somehow been infected by it.
text: He wipes sweat from Morpheus' forehead, coating the tips
text: of his fingers, holding them to Morpheus' nose.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Repulsive, isn't it?
text: He lifts Morpheus' head, holding it tightly with both
text: hands.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: I must get out of here, I must get
dialog: free. In this mind is tlie key.
dialog: My key.
text: Morpheus sneers through his pain.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Once Zion is gone, there's no
dialog: need for me to be here. Do you
dialog: understand? I need the codes. I
dialog: have to get inside Zion. You have
dialog: to tell me how.
text: He begins squeezing, his fingers gouging into his flesh.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Tell me! Tell me!
text: The skull is about to shatter when Agents Jones and Brown
text: burst into the room. Agent Smith releases Morpheus.
speaker_heading: AGENT BROWN
dialog: What were you doing?
text: Agent Smith recovers, replacing his ear piece.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: You don't know.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Know what?
text: Agent Smith listens to his earphone, not believing what
text: he is hearing.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATORS (MATRIX) - DAY
text: They get in. Trinity immediately drops and opens the
text: suitcase, wiring a plastique and napalm bomb.
text: Beneath their trench coats is an arsenal of weapons slung
text: from climbing harnesses.
text: Neo hits the emergency stop. He pulls down part of the
text: false ceiling and finds the elevator shaft access panel.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Jones looks at Morpheus.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: I think they're trying to save
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo ratchets down a clamp onto the elevator cable. Both
text: of them lock on. He looks up the long, dark throat of
text: the building and takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: There is no spoon.
text: Neo whips out his gun and presses it to the cable, lower
dialog: than where they attached themselves.
text: BOOM! The CABLE SNAPS.
text: The counter-weights plummet, yanking Trinity and Neo up
text: through the shaft as --
text: The elevator falls away beneath them, distending space,
text: filling it with the sound of WHISTLING METAL as they soar
text: to the top.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The ELEVATOR hits the botton.
dialog: BA-BOOM!
text: The massive EXPLOSION blows open the doors, fire clouds
text: engulfing the elevator section of the lobby.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The Agents hear the BLAST AND FIRE ALARMS.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: Lower level --
speaker_heading: AGENT BROWN
text: They are actually attacking.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Hanging by a rope, Trinity hot-wires the panel for the
text: door.
scene_heading: INT. TOP FLOOR (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Nervous, the Marines watch as the ELEVATOR "DINGS" softly
text: and slides open.
text: Black smoke rises out of the exposed shaft.
text: The nearest Marine eases to the edge, peering down at the
text: churning blaze engulfing the lower levels.
text: He does not see Trinity and Neo above him until it is too
dialog: late.
text: Krack! Neo kicks, knocking the Marine flying down into
text: the shaft.
text: Before the others can react, Trinity flips out into the
text: hall, decking the nearest Marine. Neo cracks another.
text: The fight is over before it begins.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: An enormous EXPLOSION THUNDERS above them, shaking the
text: building. The ALARM SOUNDS, emergency sprinklers begin
text: showering the room.
text: Agent Smith smashes a table.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Find them and destroy them!
text: Agent Jones nods and touches his ear piece.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The roof-access tower is now engulfed in flames as Neo
dialog: and Trinity lay waste to a dozen more Marines.
text: Guns and knives, like extensions of their bodies used
text: with the same deadly precision as their feet and their
dialog: fists.
text: Across the roof, the pilot inside the army helicopter
text: watches the ferocious onslaught.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: I repeat, we are under attack!
text: Suddenly his face, his whole body dissolves, consumed by
text: spreading locust-like swarm, of STATIC as --
text: Agent Jones emerges.
text: Just as she drops the last Marine, Trinity sees what's
dialog: coming.
text: Neo sees her, the fear in her face, and he knows what is
text: behind him.
text: Screaming, he whirls, GUNS filling his hands with
dialog: thought-speed.
text: Fingers PUMPING, SHELLS ejecting, dancing up and away, we
text: look through the sights and gun smoke at --
text: The Agent blurred with motion --
text: Until the HAMMERS CLICK against empty metal.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Trinity!
text: Agent Jones charges.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: ... help.
text: His GUN BOOMS as we enter the liquid space of --
dialog: Bullet-time.
text: The AIR SIZZLES with wads of lead-like angry flies as Neo
text: twists, bends, ducks just between them.
text: Agent Jones still running, narrows the gap, the BULLETS
text: coming faster until --
text: Neo bent impossibly back, one hand on the ground as a
text: spiraling gray ball shears open his shoulder.
text: He starts to scream as another digs a red groove across
text: his thigh.
text: He has only time to look up, to see the barrel when Agent
text: Jones, standing over him, pulls the TRIGGER the final
dialog: time.
text: CLICK. Empty.
text: Neo rolls, reaching for another gun when around-house
text: kick snaps his jaw. Agent Jones grabs the gun and levels
dialog: it at Neo.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: Only human...
text: Suddenly Agent Jones stops. Something is wrong. He
text: scans the roof. Trinity is gone.
text: Immediately, he whirls around and turns straight into the
text: muzzle of her .45 --
text: Jammed right into his head.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Dodge this, motherfucker!
text: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! The body flies back with a flash of
text: mercurial light and when it hits the ground --
text: It is the pilot.
text: Trinity helps Neo up.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: You're hit --
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I'm fine.
text: Neo is already looking at the helicopter.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Can you fly that thing?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Not yet.
text: She pulls out a cellular phone.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Tank is back at the controls.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Operator.
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: Tank, I need a pilot program for a
dialog: military M-109 helicopter.
text: Tank is immediately searching the disk drawers.
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: Hurry!
text: His fingers flash over the gleaming laser disks, finding
text: one that he feeds into Trinityls supplement drive,
text: punching the "load" cormands on her keyboard.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Trinity's eyes flutter as information surges into her
dialog: brain, all the essentials of flying a helicopter absorbed
text: at light-speed.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Marines, trying to communicate with the men on the roof,
text: are beginning to panic when Agent Jones comes around the
text: corner.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Sir! Sir! There was gunfire --
dialog: we've lost communication with the
dialog: roof!
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: Remain at your posts.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: But, sir -- the fire -- we should
dialog: evacuate!
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: You will do as you are ordered!
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Agent Jones marches into the Presidential Suite.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Jones throws open the bedroom door and enters,
text: walking through the puddles pooling in the carpet.
text: Over the RUSHING WATER and the ALARMS, Agent Smith hears
text: a SOUND and understands the seriousness of the attack.
text: He turns to the wall of windows as the helicopter drops
text: INTO VIEW --
text: Neo is in the back bay, aiming the mounted .50 machine
text: gun.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: No.
text: The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a
text: cacophony of CRASHING GLASS --
text: As the Agents go for their weapons.
text: But Neo is too close, the .50 CALIBER too fast and
text: BULLETS are everywhere, perforating the room.
text: Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back,
text: blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light --
text: Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls.
dialog: And finally Agent Jones.
text: Neo stares at Morpheus, trying to will him into action.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Get up, Morpheus! Get up!
text: Morpheus sits unmoving, his head still down.
text: Neo grabs the climbing rope just as marines burst into
text: the adjoining room.
text: He attaches only one end to his harness when they OPEN
dialog: FIRE.
text: Quickly he swings the GUN, SPRAYING the other room,
text: WINDOWS SHATTERING, FURNITURE EXPLODING, marines diving
dialog: for cover.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Just outside the Presidential Suite, three marines
text: blister with snow-static.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Morpheus lifts his face into the room's rain. His eyes,
text: still white, begin to blink, twitch, then close.
text: And when he opens them, they are again dark and flashing
dialog: with fire.
text: The Agents knife into the room, FIRING even as Neo's
text: BULLET TRAILS chase them.
text: Morpheus strains at his handcuffs.
text: The Agents and the marines turn the tide, BLASTING LEAD,
text: RICOCHETING, POCK-MARKING the COPTER.
text: FIRING wildly, Neo turns to see Morpheus rising, snapping
text: the handcuffs, starting for the window.
text: Agent Smith stops and sees Morpheus run past the open
text: bedroom door.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Nooo!
text: He FIRES, sweeping across the sheetrocked wall in a
dialog: perfect line.
text: For an instant, we see the BULLETS SHRED, PUNCTURING the
text: WALL, searing through the wet air with jet trails of
dialog: chalk.
text: And as Morpheus starts to dive for the window, a bullet
text: buries itself in his leg --
text: Knocking him off balance.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: He won't make it.
text: Morpheus lunges, out of control --
text: As Neo spins, every move a whip crack --
text: Snapping the other rope-end onto a bolted bar.
text: Morpheus begins to fall when Neo hurls himself into the
text: wide blue empty space --
text: Flying for a moment.
text: The rope snaking out behind him; an umbilical cord
text: attached to a machine.
text: As their two bodies, set in motion, rushing at each other
text: on a seemingly magnetic course until --
text: They collide.
text: Almost bouncing free of each other, arms, legs,
text: scrambling, hands searching in furious desperation,
text: finding hold and clinging.
text: Until the line ends, snapping taut, cracking their
text: fragile embrace. Morpheus tumbles, legs flipping over,
text: falling down --
text: The ground deliriously distant --
text: As Neo snatches hold of his mentor's still handcuffed
dialog: wrist.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Gotcha!
text: Trinity is already pulling the copter up and away.
text: As Agent Smith grabs the M-16 from the nearest marine.
text: He'll bring them all down. Targeting the helicopter, he
text: aims at something only he can see: the oil line.
text: PONK. PONK. PONK. The rear HULL is PUNCHED full of
text: holes and smoke and oil pours out like black blood.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Shit-shit-no!
text: Neo is pulling Morpheus up to him when he hears the
text: HELICOPTER BEGIN TO DIE.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Oh fuck.
text: Trinity throws the helicopter towards the roof of the
text: nearest building.
text: Morpheus and Neo cling to one another as they and the
text: machine above them begin to fall.
text: The ENGINE GRINDS, the CHOPPING BLADES start to slow
dialog: while --
text: The Agents stand in the open shattered window, watching
text: the helicopter disappear behind taller buildings.
text: Carried by its nomentum, Trinity guides the parabolic
text: fall over the nearest roof where --
text: Neo and Morpheus drop safely, rolling free as the rope
text: goes slack. Neo gets to his feet, trying to detach
dialog: himself but --
text: The helicopter is falling too fast, arcing over the roof
text: like a setting sun --
text: The coils of slack snap taught --
text: Yanking Neo off his feet, dragging him with ferocious
text: speed towards the edge even as --
text: Trinity lunges for the back door, her gun in one hand,
text: grabbing for the rope with the other --
text: Neo flies like a skipping stone, hurtling straight AT us,
text: when his feet hit the rain gutter --
text: A fulcrum that levers him up just as --
text: Trinity FIRES, severing the cord from the HELICOPTER,
text: falling free of it as it SMASHES, blades first into a
text: glass skyscraper.
text: Holding onto the rope she swings, connected to Neo, who
text: stands on the building's edge watching her arc beneath
text: him as the HELICOPTER EXPLODES --
text: She bounces against a shatterproof window that spider-
text: cracks out while FLAMES ERUPT behind her.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: Tank stares at the screen, his mouth agape.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: He's the One. He's got to be...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo pulls Trinity up into his arms. Both shaking, they
dialog: hold each other again.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I knew it! I goddamn knew it!
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Morpheus!
text: She runs at him, throwing her arms around him.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Do you believe me now? He's the
dialog: One! Who else could have done
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Morpheus, I know you won't believe
dialog: me but the Oracle told ne I'm not
dialog: the One.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: It doesn't matter if I don't
dialog: believe you --
text: His eyes light up.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: What matters is that you don't
dialog: believe her.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DECK
text: The PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: Tank, get us out of here.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Got one ready. An underground El
dialog: station. State and Balbo.
speaker_heading: TRINITY (V.O.)
dialog: See ya soon.
text: LINE GOES DEAD. Tank looks at the bodies and smiles.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: See ya soon.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The rope is all that remains. Agent Smith can barely
dialog: control his anger.
speaker_heading: AGENT BROWN
dialog: The trace was completed.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: We have their position.
speaker_heading: AGENT BROWN
dialog: The extermination unit is in
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONES
dialog: Order the strike.
text: Agent Smith can't stand listening to them. He moves to
text: the edge of the building, looking out at the surrounding
dialog: city.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: They're not out yet.
scene_heading: INT. "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY
text: A metal gate is locked, the sign reading, "Station
text: Closed." Neo looks around, takes out a GUN and BLOWS OFF
dialog: the LOCK.
text: In the moist underground distance they hear the MUTED
text: RING of a TELEPHONE.
text: The PHONE is RINGING inside a graffiti-covered booth.
text: Across from it, sitting hunched against the red concrete
text: wall, is an OLD MAN. He stares at the RINGING PHONE,
text: taking a final pull off his T-bird. No one is around.
text: It continues to RING.
text: Determined, he stands and walks to the booth. He is
text: about to answer the phone, when Neo sees him.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Don't!
text: The Old Man stops, Neo rushes at hin, gliding smoothly
text: over the turnstiles.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I'm sorry -- I didn't mean!
text: The Old Man is shaking, terrified. Neo looks at his gun.
text: He glances over his shoulder, then eases back the hammer.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Get outta here. Okay? Run! Go!
text: The Old Man nods, turns and hurries deeper into the urban
text: cave, disappearing into the shadows as Trinity and
dialog: Morpheus arrive.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What happened? Was that --
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: It was nobody.
text: Neo turns to the RINGING BOOTH.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Let's go! You first, Morpheus.
text: Morpheus gets in and answers the phone.
text: Lost in the shadow, the Old Man turns back and watches as
text: Morpheus disappears, the phone dropping, dangling by its
dialog: cord.
text: His eyes grow wide, glowing white in the dark.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Smith stares, his face twisted with hate. He will
dialog: never be free of the Matrix.
text: He starts to turn from the edge of the building when he
text: suddenly hears it, his head whipping back around,
text: staring --
scene_heading: INT. "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY
text: As the Old Man stares.
text: Trinity hangs up the phone. She turns to Neo, standing
text: close enough to kiss him.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Morpheus is right, you know. It
dialog: doesn't matter what he believes or
dialog: even what the Oracle believes.
dialog: What matters is what you believe.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I believe...
text: He stares at the fullness of her lips.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I want to kiss you.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: I want to kiss you too...
text: The PHONE begins to RING.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: But I want it to be real.
text: She pulls herself away and gets into the booth when
text: something catches Neo's eye and he looks to where the Old
dialog: Man had been.
text: She hears him SCREAM and sees Agent Smith emerge as if
text: formed by congealing darkness, charging with a fistful of
dialog: metal.
text: The GUN FIRES, the BULLET flying at her, BURSTING through
text: the plastic WINDOW just as --
text: Trinity disappears.
text: The handset hanging in the air as the BULLET HITS,
text: SHATTERING the EAR-PIECE.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Trinity blinks, shivering as her conscious exits the
dialog: Construct.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Neo!
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: What the hell just happened?
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: An Agent! You have to send me
dialog: back!
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: I can't!
scene_heading: INT. "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY
text: GUN REPORT THUNDERS through the underground, both men
text: BLASTING, moving at impossible speed.
text: For a blinking noment we enter BULLET-TIME.
text: Gun flash tongues curl from Neols gun, bullets float
text: forward like a plane noving across the sky, cartridges
text: cartwheel into space.
text: An instant later they are nearly on top of each other,
text: rolling up out of a move that is almost a mirrored
dialog: reflection of the other --
text: Each jamming their gun tight to the other's head.
text: They freeze in a kind of embrace; Neo sweating, panting,
text: Agent Smith machine-calm.
text: Agent Smith smiles.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: You're empty.
text: Neo pulls the TRIGGER. CLICK.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: So are you.
text: The smile falls. Agent Smith yanks his TRIGGER.
speaker_heading: CLICK.
text: Agent Smith's face warps with rage and he attacks, fist
text: flying at furious speed, blows and counters, Neo
text: retreating as --
text: A knife-hand opens his forearm, and a kick sends him
text: slamming back against a steel column.
text: Stunned, he ducks just under a punch that crunches into
text: the beam, STEEL CHUNKS EXPLODING like shrapnel.
text: Behind him, Neo leaps into the air, delivering a neck-
text: snapping reverse round-house. Agent Smith's glasses fly
text: off and he glares at Neo; his eyes, ice blue.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: You can't win.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I already have.
text: He attacks with a vicious series of blows but the Agent
text: seems to absorb them, waiting for his opening.
text: And this time Agent Smith's attack is too much, an
text: unrelenting fury, fists pounding like jackhammers.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Trinity watches Neo as his body jerks, mouth coughing
text: blood, his life signs going wild.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Jesus, he's killing him!
scene_heading: INT. "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Smith grabs hold of him, lifting him into the air,
text: hurling him against the curved wall of the train tunnel,
text: where he falls inches from the electrified third-rail.
text: The Agent is about to jump down, and press his attack
text: when he hears sonething. From deep in the tunnel, like
text: an animal cry; a burst of high-speed METAL GRINDING
dialog: against METAL.
text: The sound of an ON-COMING TRAIN.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Tank is trying to find another entrance.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Send me back, Tank! Anywhere!
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: I'm looking, Trinity! I'm
dialog: looking!
text: From the cockpit, an ALARM sounds. Morpheus hurries to
text: the front console, typing, bringing up the radar.
text: Trinity follows him.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: What is it... oh no.
text: In every pipe surrounding them, they see the
dialog: Extermination Unit.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Sentinels.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER MAIN
text: The killing machine we saw in the History Program blister
dialog: by us like tracer bullets shot down the throat of the
dialog: abyss.
scene_heading: INT. "EL" STATION (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo tries to get up. Agent Smith jumps down onto the
text: tracks and drop-kicks him in the face.
text: The world begins to shake, RUMBLING as the TRAIN NEARS.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Do you hear that, Mr. Anderson?
text: Agent Smith grabs Neo in a choke-hold, forcing him to
text: look down the tracks, the train's headlight burning a
text: hole in the darkness.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: That is the sound of
dialog: inevitability.
text: Neo sees it coming and he starts to fight.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: It is the sound of your death.
text: There is another METAL SCREECH, MUCH LOUDER, closer, as
text: Agent Smith tightens his hold. Neo is unable to breathe.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Anderson.
text: The TRAIN ROARS at them, swallowing Agent Smith's words.
text: The veins bulge in Neo's head, as he grits through the
dialog: pain.
dialog: He is not ready to die.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: My name is Neo.
text: Impossibly, he hurls himself straight up, smashing Smith
text: against the concrete ceiling of the tunnel.
text: They fall as the sound and fury of the TRAIN EXPLODES
text: INTO the station.
text: Neo back-flips up off the tracks just as --
text: The train barrels over Agent Smith.
text: Neo stands, knees shaking, when the train slams on its
text: emergency brake. With an ear-splitting SHRIEK of
text: TORTURED RAILS, the train slows, part of it still in the
dialog: station.
text: Neo turns, limping, starting to run, racing for the
dialog: escalator --
text: As the train comes to a stop and the doors of the last
text: car open; Agent Smith bursts out in furious pursuit, his
text: glasses again intact.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Morpheus checks the ship's self destruct key.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: You can't use that until Neo is
dialog: out!
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: I know. Don't worry, he'll make
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: A man sits in his Mercedes, talking on his car phone when
text: his door is thrown open. Neo yanks him out and jumps in.
text: Further down the street, Agent Smith slows, calmly
text: touching his ear-piece.
text: Neo throws the car across traffic, rocketing down a side-
text: street.
scene_heading: INT. CAR (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Driving like a demon with one hand, he grabs the car
text: phone and dials long distance.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Tank answers.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Operator.
speaker_heading: NEO (V.O.)
dialog: Mr. Wizard, Get me the fuck out
dialog: of here!
scene_heading: INT. CAR (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Looking over his shoulder, watching the mirrors, Neo
text: drives almost unconsciously.
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: Hurry, Tank! I got some serious
dialog: pursuit!
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: The keyboard clicking, Tank searches for an exit.
text: Trinity screams into the headset.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Neo, you better get your ass back
dialog: here!
scene_heading: INT. CAR
speaker_heading: NEO
dialog: I'm trying, Trinity. I'm trying.
speaker_heading: TANK (V.O.)
dialog: I got one!
text: Neo glances to his right and sees Agent Brown, now
text: driving the car beside his. Agent Brown swerves,
text: slamming into him.
speaker_heading: TANK (V.O.)
dialog: Wabash and Lake. A hotel.
text: Neo fights the steering wheel as Agent Brown pushes the
text: car up over the median.
speaker_heading: TANK (V.O.)
dialog: Room 303.
text: Neo drops the phone as his car bucks into the opposing
text: lane --
text: Directly into the charging path of an enormous truck
text: driven by Agent Smith.
text: Neo dives from the Mercedes as the truck plows into it,
text: rending metal and GLASS, crushing through, totaling other
text: cars, as it EXPLODES.
text: Neo is up and running even as orange and black clouds
text: billow up behind hin.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Three figures silhouette by the burning wreckage become
dialog: the three agents.
text: Further down the street, Neo hauls his broken, bleeding
dialog: ass.
text: Agents Brown and Smith slow, touching their ear-pieces as
text: Agent Jones continues chasing full-bore.
text: Neo spins around a corner, racing toward a hotel called:
dialog: the Heart of Chicago Hotel.
text: Only Agent Jones is behind him now.
text: Neo dives into the alley. At the far end he sees Agent
text: Brown charging. Neo leaps for the fire escape and begins
dialog: to climb.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER MAIN
text: Sentinels open and shift like killer kaleidoscopes as
text: they ready their weapons, swarming around the
dialog: Nebuchadnezzar.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: The hovercraft booms as machines drop onto it.
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: I'm going to make the call.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: Do it!
scene_heading: INT. "HEART OF CHICAGO" HOTEL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Agent Snith is in the elevator when he hears the DISTANT
text: RING of a PHONE.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The agents chase him, FIRING, BULLETS SPARKING and
text: RICOCHETING even as Neo jumps for the third-floor
dialog: platform.
text: Neo kicks in the window, jumping into the hall. The
text: doors count backwards: 310... 309...
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Morpheus grabs the biggest gun he can find. The lasers
text: begin to slice through the hull.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: TANK
dialog: Almost there.
speaker_heading: MORPHEUS
dialog: He's going to make it.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Hurry, Neo.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo can hear the PHONE RINGING.
dialog: 305... 304...
text: Agent Brown reaches the broken window behind him just as
text: Neo grabs the handle of 303, throwing open the door to
dialog: find --
text: Agent Sniith, waiting, .45 cocked.
text: Neo can't move -- can't think --
speaker_heading: BOOM.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Neo's body jerks, and everyone hears it as the life
text: monitors snap flat-line.
text: Trinity screams. Morpheus is frozen in disbelief.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Three holes in his chest, Neo falls to the blue shag
text: carpeting, blood smearing down the wallpaper.
text: Agent Smith stands over him, still aiming, taking no
dialog: chances.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Check him.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Through the lasered opening, Morpheus screams, blasting
text: away at the machines; comet-wads of plasma burning holes
dialog: in their armored housings.
text: Trinity collapses onto Neo's body.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: No-no-no! Neo, you're not dead!
dialog: You can't be dead!
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Kneeling beside him, Agent Brown checks his vital signs.
speaker_heading: AGENT BROWN
dialog: He's gone.
text: Agent Smith smiles, standing over him.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: I told you, you couldn't win.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Tank is hit, a laser bolt knocking him to the ground.
text: They can't hold them off any longer. Morpheus lunges for
dialog: the self destruct --
text: As Trinity whispers in Neo's ear.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: You're right here. I'm holding
dialog: you, Neo. I'm not letting you go.
dialog: Do you hear me? I won't let you
dialog: go.
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The agents walk to the elevator, leaving Neo's body
text: behind.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Morpheus flicks the Plexiglas shield of the self-
dialog: destruct.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Goddamnit, Neo! Don't give it up!
dialog: Not now!
text: She pounds on his chest.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Not now!
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: The BLOW ECHOES deep in his mind.
text: His eyes snap open.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Trinity screams as the monitors jump back to life. Tank
text: and Morpheus stare, unbelieving.
dialog: It is a miracle.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Now get up!
scene_heading: INT. HALL (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo struggles, holding his chest, sitting up. Down the
text: hall, he sees the elevator closing and --
text: Agent Smith staring at him as if he were looking at a
dialog: Cypher.
text: Neo gives him the finger.
speaker_heading: AGENT SMITH
dialog: Nooooo!
text: Agent Smith pounds on the elevator door.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: A sentinel BLOWS a hole in Morpheus' right arm and he
text: screams, refusing to let go of the detonator.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 303 (MATRIX) - DAY
text: Neo dives for the RINGING PHONE.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: Machines split open the craft, pouring in, lasers
text: targeting everywhere.
text: A beat finds the center of Morpheus' forehead and he
text: screams, ready to die.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Now!
text: He turns the key.
scene_heading: INT. OVERFLOW PIT
text: A blinding shock of white lights flood the chamber;
text: sentinels blink and fall instantly dead, filling the pit
text: with their cold, metal carcasses.
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT
text: In the still darkness, only the humans are alive.
speaker_heading: TRINITY
dialog: Neo?
text: His eyes open. Tears pour from her smiling eyes as he
text: reaches up to touch her.
text: And she kisses hin; it seems like it might last forever.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: FADE IN:
text: ON COMPUTER SCREEN
text: as in the opening. The cursor beating steadily, waiting.
text: A PHONE begins to RING.
text: It is answered and the screen fills instantly with the
text: trace program. After a long beat, we recognize Neo's
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: NEO (V.O.)
dialog: Hi. It's me. I know you're out
dialog: there. I know you're working as
dialog: fast as you can to catch me.
text: We CLOSE IN ON the racing columns of numbers shimmering
text: across the screen.
speaker_heading: NEO (V.O.)
dialog: I thought I should call and let
dialog: you know how things stand.
text: We DIVE THROUGH the numbers, surging UP THROUGH the
text: darkness, sucked TOWARDS a tight constellation of stars.
speaker_heading: NEO (V.O.)
dialog: I know you're real proud of this
dialog: world you've built, the way it
dialog: works, all the nice little rules
dialog: and such, but I've got some bad
dialog: news.
dialog: We realize that the constellation is actually the holes
text: in the mouthpiece of a phone. Seen from inside.
speaker_heading: NEO (V.O.)
dialog: I've decided to make a few
dialog: changes.
text: We SHOOT THROUGH the holes as Neo hangs up the phone.
text: He steps out of the phone booth and starts walking,
text: wearing a long black coat and dark glasses. He passes a
text: mother dragging her little BOY, who cranes his neck as --
text: Neo takes off, flying up into the air.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Mommy! Mommy!
speaker_heading: MOMMY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: That man! That man flies!
speaker_heading: MOMMY
dialog: Don't be silly, honey. Men don't
dialog: fly.
text: There is a RUSH of AIR as the Boy stares up as Neo shoots
text: overhead. His coat billowing like a black leather cape
text: as he soars up, up, and away.
text: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
text: 
