scene_heading: THE PLOUGHMAN'S LUNCH - by Ian McEwan
dialog: <!--
dialog: if (window!= top)
dialog: top.location.href=location.href
dialog: // -->
scene_heading: THE PLOUGHMAN'S LUNCH
dialog: An original screenplay by
dialog: Ian McEwan
dialog: Post Production Draft, 1985
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BBC RADIO NEWSROOM - LATE MORNING
text: We are IN CLOSE as a story arrives on a press service
text: teleprinter. A Hand tears away the sheet. The CAMERA
text: TRACKS as we follow the story. It passes through the
text: copytaster's hands and it passes on down to the summaries
dialog: desk.
text: This is a time of steady activity. Journalists move about
text: the room to consult. Others are writing in longhand, and
text: several are dictating copy to typists, who are all women.
text: One or two people - NEWSREADERS - sit about doing nothing.
text: Much movement of paper.
text: Over the sound of typewriters and the murmur of dictating
text: voices we HEAR a WOMAN'S VOICE over the P.A. Announce,
text: "The Leader of the Opposition on five". A few journalists
text: pick up their headsets, but they do not stop writing. We
text: establish the atmosphere - laconic but efficient, and a
text: little down-at-heel.
text: At the summaries desk we find JAMES PENFIELD. He stands
text: to the side of a little behind a seated secretary, dictating
text: in a laconic deadpan voice from a sheet of scrawled
dialog: longhand.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Between fifty and sixty scrap metal
dialog: workers are..
text: The phone rings. James snatches it and answers without
text: breaking stride.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hello. Newsroom.
text: The secretary waits, her face totally inexpressive.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who? Paul Dean? He doesn't work
dialog: here anymore.
scene_heading: ANOTHER JOURNALIST
dialog: (calling over his
dialog: shoulder as he
dialog: passes)
dialog: Went to IRN.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No. No. Sorry. Try IRN.
text: He drops the receiver and continues. The secretary
dialog: reactivates.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: ..reported to have landed illegally
dialog: on the island of South Georgia in
dialog: the South Atlantic.
dialog: The Foreign Office reacted sceptically to reports that
dialog: Argentine Government was planning..
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - LATE MORNING
dialog: James and a newsreader (one of those we saw earlier doing
text: nothing) stand together by the photocopier. Walking with
text: controlled haste and carrying the news sheets, they head
text: towards the studio. A clock behind them shows two minutes
dialog: to twelve.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO - LATE MORNING
text: James and the newsreader sit at a table in the studio,
text: fairly close together. The newsreader settles himself
text: behind the microphone. James sits back, professionally
text: bored, rolling a stub of a pencil between his fingers.
text: Through a large loudspeaker we hear a Radio 4 programme
text: winding up. Theme music.
text: The newsreader has a plummy authoritative voice and is a
text: year or two younger than James. He stares down at the
dialog: news sheet.
text: From the Control Room a woman announces "One Minute".
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: How's Mary?
speaker_heading: NEWSREADER
dialog: (stung then
dialog: recovering)
dialog: Oh, she's well. Jolly well.
dialog: Thanks. Very well indeed.
text: From the Studio Controller's POV we SEE the Newsroom behind
text: James and the newsreader, who chat soundlessly.
speaker_heading: MOMEN'S VOICE
text: Before the news at twelve o'clock,
dialog: there's just time to tell you about
dialog: Woman's Hour this afternoon.
dialog: Commander Freddy Bracknell will be
dialog: talking about his four years as a
dialog: German POW in Stalag Three, and
dialog: mountaineer John Clayton will be
text: reliving the thrills and perils of
text: Everest. Also, Polly Morrell will
dialog: be finding out from the historian
dialog: Prefessor John Gerty how the
dialog: governments of Eastern Europe
dialog: distort their recent past in history
dialog: books to suit their present policies
dialog: and allegiances. That's Freddy
dialog: Bracknell, John Clayton and John
dialog: Gerty, all on Woman's Hour just
dialog: after two o'clock this afternoon
text: The six pips. The sweep hand of
text: the clock. The red light.
speaker_heading: NEWSREADER
text: BBC News at twelve o'clock. There
dialog: is cautious optimism in Brussels
dialog: that formula may be reached to
dialog: break--
scene_heading: EXT. BRIXTON - LATE AFTERNOON
text: James hurries home through the din of rush hour Brixton.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES' FLAT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: James' flat is one floor of a large Victorian house. The
text: decent-sized rooms knocked together make a very large
text: bedsitting room. Bare boards, junk furniture, but elegant.
text: Heavy stereo stack, a lot of records, a lot of paperbacks.
text: In high spirits, James prepares to go out. He chooses a
text: shirt, begins to undress. The TV is on.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES' FLAT - NIGHT
text: An hour later. James is dressed to go out. The big room
text: is now in darkness except for the light by James' armchair.
text: He is talking on the phone to his friend Jeremy Hancock.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: C'mon, you promised...tell her
dialog: you've got to finish a piece...I
dialog: know...I know, but it's my big
dialog: night...yes she's going to be
dialog: there...C'mon! All I want you to
dialog: do is introduce me to her. And
dialog: remember, build me up...good man.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLISHING HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A high-ceilinged room in a publishing house, Bloomsbury.
text: A launch party. About forty guests. Waiters take round
text: trays with glasses of wine. By some large double doors is
text: a display of school textbooks. Most prominently featured
dialog: is the book being launched today - Goldbooks Schools Series
text: No. 5 The Cold War, edited by Prefessor J. Gerty.
text: James is led by a PERSONAL ASSISTANT through the crowd to
text: meet GOLD, who is surrounded by ATTENTIVE YOUNG MEN.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: .....took him by the elbow, steered
text: him into a quiet corner and said
dialog: "Where do you think you are, young
dialog: man? Fabers?"
text: From the circle of polite laughter, Gold extends his hand
text: towards James.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: Glad you could come.
scene_heading: PERSONAL ASSIATANT
dialog: James Penfield.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: Good, good. Now is someone getting
dialog: you a drink.
scene_heading: PERSONAL ASSIATANT
dialog: Wrote the Berlin Airlift chapter.
text: Job done, P.A. fades.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: I know, I know! Gentlemen, let me
dialog: introduce you to one of our most
dialog: talented contributors to The Cold
dialog: War. James Penfield. He wrote
dialog: the opening chapter, on 'The Berlin
dialog: Airlift'. One of the best chapters
dialog: in the book.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: I won't introduce you all by name.
dialog: Basically James, this is our UK
dialog: sales team. What was I saying?
dialog: Yes, these graduate trainees...
text: Twenty minutes later. JEREMY has just come in and is
text: surveying the room from the doorway. He takes a drink
text: from a tray, notices James across the room and smiles
dialog: ruefully.
text: Jeremy Hancock is a journalist, same age as James, good-
text: looking and well-dressed. A fairly corrupt look about
text: him, despite this. He is intelligent and intensely self-
dialog: regarding.
text: James makes his way through the crowd towards Jeremy.
text: They stand on the doorway - a position which affords them
text: a good view of the guests in the room and those guests who
text: are still arriving by way of a grand and ornate stairway.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: My dear James.
text: With mock solemnity, he kisses James on the cheek.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Not here.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: To the airlift.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: To the airlift.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Any sign of the goddess Barrington?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Not yet you know any of these
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: One or two. A grey lot. Some
dialog: social democrats. Some diligent
dialog: anti-communists. A political
text: section man from the US Embassy.
dialog: And this exquisite Californian
text: wine, courtesy of the CIA.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Nonsense.
text: They look across the room at Gold being listened to.
speaker_heading: JERMEY
dialog: By the way, I hear that your Mr.
text: Gold is about to become very rich.
dialog: I hope you told him that most of
dialog: the ideas in your Berlin airlift
dialog: chapter came from me.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck off.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (O.S.)
dialog: So it's all worked out perfectly...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's her.
text: The two men go to the head of the stairs to watch SUSAN
dialog: come up.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: She get's the house, he get's the
text: cars. And the baby is still in
dialog: Switzerland with the Au pair.
text: SUSAN BARRINGTON is in her late twenties. Flamboyant,
text: effortlessly confident, she inhibits that special world -
dialog: with its different rules - of the truly ambitious. James
dialog: fascination owes as much to the certainties of her class
dialog: as to her looks.
text: An attractive young man accompanies her up the stairs.
text: Jeremy makes a sound. Susan Glances up.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Jeremy!
text: She waves and her elbow catches a tray of champagne being
text: carried downstairs. Glasses fall about her feet. While
text: apologising, Susan does not take her eyes off Jeremy.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: How Stupid! I am sorry.
text: The butler and the young man drop to the ground and set
text: about picking up the glasses. Susan regards them for a
text: moment, then steps round them and hurries up the stairs.
text: Jeremy and Susan go into a clinch, with kisses. James
text: stands a few feet off.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Jeremy! How Fantastic.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Darling Susan.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You're so famous now.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: And you're so beautiful. What are
dialog: you doing here?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We're thinking of doing this current
dialog: affairs thing for schools. World
dialog: history since 1945. Twelve
dialog: programmes, lots of stock film.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: In that case, you should meet my
dialog: very dear friend, James Penfield.
dialog: Brilliant analyst of recent history
dialog: and a world authority on the Berlin
dialog: Airlift.
text: James and Susan say "Hi" and shake hands.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Was that your chapter, then? It
dialog: was very good.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you. We met last week, at
dialog: the Wajda film. You won't remember.
dialog: We didn't actually speak.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (not remembering)
dialog: Yes, that's right. I'm being
dialog: terribly rude. Bob? Oh, Bob.
dialog: This is Bob Tuckett. Bon was at
dialog: Oxford too.
text: Bob, Jeremy, James all say "Hi". Momentarily enthusiasm
text: flags, no one speaks. Then the drinks tray is suddenly in
text: their midst and they all reach out thankfully, with mock
text: groans of relief and surprise.
text: An hour later, Guests are leaving. James has got Susan
text: alone. They descend the stairs. CLOSE ON Susan, a
text: disparate kind of seriousness.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I mean, in many ways I'm right
text: behind the women's movement. But
dialog: sometimes I wish they'd get on
text: with it instead of moaning on.
dialog: The office was split right down
dialog: the middle. I mean, as a woman I
dialog: understood what they were saying,
dialog: that current affairs was all about
dialog: what men did, but as a human being
dialog: and a television researcher, as a
dialog: professional , I could just sense
dialog: they'd got it all wrong. I could
dialog: see there were two paths I could
dialog: go down, power or not-power. Down
dialog: the not-power path was lot of
dialog: sisterly feeling, masochism and
text: frustration. Down the other path,
dialog: I could keep on working. So of
dialog: course I voted with the men and
dialog: the other women all resigned. I
dialog: think they're mad, don't you?
text: They arrive by the front door. There is the briefest pause.
text: James makes his bid.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Can I give you a lift?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No, it's all right. I can get a
text: cab. Night night.
text: James stands in the doorway and watches her go.
scene_heading: EXT. OXFORD CIRCUS - DAY
text: An abrupt transition. Morning rush hour, Brixton
text: Underground station to Oxford Circus. James fights his
text: way through the crowd up the underground steps leading to
text: the street. He is late.
scene_heading: EXT. LANGHAM PLACE - DAY
text: James runs away from CAMERA towards Broadcasting House.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Same time, Moulded plastic chairs are ranged along the
text: walls of the room. Some journalists stand, some are half
text: asleep. The feel of a morning assembly.
text: Seated at the only desk, by the door, sits the EDITOR-IN-
text: CHIEF, While waiting he pretends to look at papers.
text: The tone of these meetings is restrained, weary.
text: The Editor speaks with short pauses between each point.
text: Quietly, as though talking to himself.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Use of this word "finally". We've
dialog: had this one before. Difficult
dialog: when it gets...
text: James come in. The Editor ignores him pointedly. There
text: are no more seats. James stands somewhere inconspicuous.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: ...when it gets too close to
dialog: 'finally' the main points of the
dialog: news... Now today. Not very sexy
dialog: list. We can't live off all these
dialog: court cases...Royals...What's
dialog: Charles giving Diana for her
dialog: birthday?
scene_heading: 1ST. JOURNALIST
dialog: He's not telling.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Better follow him around, I
dialog: suppose.
scene_heading: 2ND. JOURNALIST
text: Newcastle is following Charles to
dialog: see if anyone throws a bottle at
text: his car like last time.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Good... Now, I'm going to drop
dialog: this panda business unless something
text: happens soon.
scene_heading: 2ND. JOURNALIST
dialog: We've got two people down the zoo
text: looking into the cage.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Give it one more day. These scrap
dialog: iron merchants on, where is it,
dialog: Gritviken Anything in that?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Could be.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Let's keep an eye on it then.
dialog: Okay, I'm just thinking aloud.
dialog: Let's take the list in order.
dialog: Cabinet reshuffle. Chris?
speaker_heading: 1ST JOURNALIST
text: Bob is ringing round the ministries
dialog: finding out where everyone is going
dialog: to be. That'll come to fruition
dialog: later this morning. John'll be at
dialog: Caxton Hall. We'll try and lay on
text: a radio car.
text: Through this last speech we CLOSE IN on James. Behind his
text: news prospects sheet he is reading a letter. We glimpse
text: the letter heading: 'GOLDBOOKS'
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Prime Minister is on the Jimmy
dialog: Young Show at ten-thirty. We should
dialog: get something out of that. Now,
dialog: matter Irish...
scene_heading: INT. JAMES' FLAT - EVENING
text: James is clearing a desk he has against a wall, in
text: preparation for work on his Suez book. It is a desk that
text: has not seen much use before, piled high with clutter. He
text: brings over a lamp for it, arranges the typewriter in its
text: centre. Various London library books are arranged along
dialog: one edge.
text: On the wall above the desk, James pins a large map of Europe
text: and the Mediterranean. He sits at the desk, lines up a
text: couple of pencils...and picks up a book.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Langan's, Piccadilly. Gold and James are met at the door
text: by the HEAD WAITER, Gold is obviously known here.
dialog: Businessmen, media people, agents, conspiracy, urgency,
text: babble. Cornucopia too - dessert trolley, cheese trolley,
text: something being flambee'yd at a table.
text: ANOTHER SHOT through the diners we find Gold and James
text: already seated. The main course has been cleared away. A
text: clock shows the time to be ten to three.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I was only ten years old at the
dialog: time, but it was the first
dialog: international crises I can remember.
dialog: It's obviously a key point, and
dialog: I've always thought that sooner or
dialog: later we would have to re-examine
dialog: Suez in the light of subsequent
text: events. And now, suddenly, with
dialog: this Falklands business on us,
dialog: it's quite clear we do need to
dialog: take another look at 1956. The
dialog: way I see the book is that it would
dialog: get away completely--
text: The waiter has wheeled up the dessert trolley. Gold has
text: been examining it for the last few seconds before breaking
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: Would you like a dessert...I'm
dialog: having one.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No thanks. I'd like to break away--
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: I'll have some of that.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: ...break away completely from--
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: And some of that. Sorry.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: ...from all the moralising and
dialog: talk of national humiliation that
dialog: is now the standard line on Suez...
text: Gold has a great forkful of gateau near his face.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: Yes...You're not a socialist then?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No. I'd want to--
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'd want to set out events as they
dialog: happened. The way I see it is
dialog: this: the British Empire was an
dialog: ideal. It may have become totally
dialog: obsolete by the middle of this
dialog: century, but it wasn't totally
dialog: dishonourable to try and defend
dialog: its remains and try and salvage
dialog: some self-respect, which is what I
dialog: think the Conservatives were trying
dialog: to do. Then there's the essential--
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: Are you going to have coffee?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes, please.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: And you'll join me in a sambucca?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you.
text: Gold speaks to the waiter as James continues.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: ...there's the business of the
dialog: British collusion with Israel. Of
dialog: course it's proved beyond all doubt
dialog: now, but I want to set it in the
dialog: context of diplomacy and warfare.
dialog: I mean, if you're about to attack
dialog: one country, it makes sense to
dialog: encourage neighbouring countries
dialog: to attack it to. The French
dialog: understood this. They could never--
text: The waiter brings the coffee. Gold is lighting a cigar,
dialog: having offered one to James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The French could never make out
dialog: all the embarrassment and breast-
dialog: beating of the British. My enemy's
dialog: enemy is my friend. It's as simple
dialog: as that. If we had not been so
dialog: scrupulous we would not have been
dialog: so ashamed.
text: The waiter brings the sambuccas. We CLOSE IN on the drinks
text: as James goes on talking. Gold puts a match to James's
dialog: drink on this next line.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Now it's as if we discovered
dialog: ourselves again. We're acting
dialog: independently when the standard
dialog: line has always been that after
dialog: Suez we couldn't lift a finger
dialog: without the Americans.
scene_heading: INT. ARCADE - DAY
text: Gold and James stroll through the arcade, bloated from
text: their lunch. Both are slightly drunk. Gold is expansive.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: Personally James, I'm very excited
dialog: by this new arrangement we have.
dialog: It gives us direct access to
dialog: literally hundreds of American
dialog: collages. Twentieth century history
dialog: is a growth area over there, don't
dialog: ask me why. Your readership will
dialog: be first and second year American
dialog: collage students...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Freshman and sophomores...
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: You know the lingo. Jolly good.
dialog: So your language will have to be
dialog: simple, not stupid, mind, but
dialog: simple, very, very simple, and
dialog: always remember it's an American
dialog: readership.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Like I was saying, the American
dialog: angle in Suez is very important.
dialog: I wouldn't want to say they let us
dialog: down. I think that's wrong. A
dialog: good ally is one who doesn't back
dialog: you up in your mistakes, who tells
dialog: you when to pull back. And the
dialog: Americans were good allies. Simple
dialog: as that.
text: James is immensely pleased with his own performance during
text: this speech. Gold, however, is more interested in something
text: he has seen in a shop window. As soon as James finishes,
text: Gold mumbles an apology and plunges into the shop. James
text: follows him in.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - DAY
text: A lull in the action. Most of the journalists are eating
text: out. A few eat sandwiches, smoke, chat, read. A background
text: television shows crowd scenes from Argentina.
text: James sits with a plastic cup of coffee reading intently.
text: He stands at the window looking out over the roofs. Then
text: he turns abruptly, picks up a telephone and dials.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Is that London Midweek? Susan
dialog: Barrington.
scene_heading: EXT. A SUBURBAN STREET - NORTHWEST LONDON - DAY
text: James turns off the street up the front path of a
dialog: nondescript per-war semi.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S PARENTS HOUSE - DAY
text: MR. PENFIELD comes into the hall to answer the door. He
text: is tired-looking man in his sixties. James enters. The
text: two men fumble awkwardly between a handshake and an embrace.
text: It is James who favours the former.
scene_heading: MR. PENFIELD
dialog: Hello, Jimmy.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Dad.
scene_heading: MR. PENFIELD
dialog: Come into the kitchen. I'm just
dialog: making your mother's tea.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Mr. Penfield fusses inexpertly at the stove. James leans
text: in the doorway.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So how is she?
scene_heading: MR. PENFIELD
dialog: Well, she doesn't complain much.
dialog: You know what she's like. She
dialog: keeps asking when you're coming...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm sorry about Saturday, Dad. It
dialog: was just impossible to get away.
scene_heading: MR. PENFIELD
dialog: Oh she knows you're very busy,
dialog: especially now, with everything
dialog: going on...the doctor said to try
dialog: her on solids, but she's been right
dialog: off her food...You take this up to
dialog: her. Tell her you made it. She'll
dialog: like that.
text: James picks up the tray - tinned tomato soup, buttered
text: bread, and a cup of tea.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: MRS. PENFIELD lies on her back, dozing. She is plainly
text: very ill. James sits at the bedside. The tray of food
text: cools on a bedside table. We have a sense of time passing.
text: Mrs. Penfield opens her eyes. James kisses her on her
dialog: cheeks.
scene_heading: MRS. PENFIELD
dialog: Jimmy. I knew you'd come today.
dialog: I said to Dad this morning, that
dialog: boy'll be here this morning, just
dialog: you see. He said don't get your
dialog: hopes up, but I knew...
text: This speech appears to exhaust her. Hey eyes close. She
text: keeps hold of James's hand. She murmurs.
scene_heading: MRS. PENFIELD
dialog: Have you got to do straight off?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No, not yet.
scene_heading: MRS. PENFIELD
dialog: Good...stay here a bit.
text: James sits. His mother falls into a deep sleep.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING-ROOM - EVENING
text: Mr. Penfield sits drinking tea and watching TV. He stands
text: when James enters and turns the set off.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: She's asleep.
text: Mr. Penfield indicates a seat to James.
scene_heading: MR. PENFIELD
dialog: Everyone's been marvellous really,
text: Jimmy. The neighbours come and
dialog: sit with her while I'm at work.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's good.
scene_heading: MR. PENFIELD
dialog: And Joe Ramage - do you remember
text: him? He comes and helps out in
dialog: the shop.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes, you said.
scene_heading: MR. PENFIELD
dialog: Now, are you going to have some
dialog: more tea?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No, thanks Dad.
scene_heading: MR. PENFIELD
dialog: Or a beer. I've got some in.
text: James shakes his head. There is a long awkward silence, a
text: hopeless silence that is particular to both father and
text: son. Finally James gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I've got to be going. I've got a
dialog: meeting tonight.
scene_heading: MR. PENFIELD
dialog: The bed's all made up if you want
dialog: to stay.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'll ring you in the next couple
dialog: of days.
text: Mr. Penfield stands and nods. This is a familiar exchange.
text: Finish on him.
scene_heading: INT. BARBICAN ARTS COMPLEX - AFTERNOON
text: James and Susan arrive at the Barbican together. Their
text: conversation is a little detached from its subject matter.
text: They are feeling each other out. They are not disagreeing
text: here. As they talk they make a complicated route through
text: the Arts Centre, always on the verge of getting lost.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What did you think of that Wadja
dialog: film?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I quite liked it. I wasn't as
text: enthusiastic as everyone else.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I thought it was tremendous.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I think it went on rather too long.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I couldn't bear for it to end.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: And I didn't like that man.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh, but he was terrific.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: And the shape of it all. It was
dialog: sort of...shapeless.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Really? I thought those long
dialog: flashbacks were extremely good.
scene_heading: INT. LIFT - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You don't like flashbacks because
dialog: your mother's a historian.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Good theory. But I like my mother.
dialog: I have no aversions to what she
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Too bad. What did your father do?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: My real father? Well, he was a
dialog: flashback.
text: They laugh as they step out of the lift.
scene_heading: INT. BARBICAN ART GALLERY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A little later. A Private View. A discreetly murmuring,
dialog: wine, canapés.
text: The paintings - painfully pretentious - represent various
text: forms of aesthetic self-consciousness.
text: James and Susan look at the pictures, but make no reference
text: to them. They spend a little time in front of each one
text: before moving to the next. James speech is broken by
text: moments of contemplation. As they move on again, he picks
text: up his thread.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Everyone describes the same process.
dialog: At first it is exciting. You're
text: at the centre of the world. As
dialog: soon as anything happens, you're
dialog: the first to know about it. And
dialog: there are deadlines a dozen times
dialog: a day, even more, and that's
text: intimidating and exciting. Then
dialog: you get the hang of it and the
dialog: excitement wears off. Your a clerk
dialog: in a rather dowdy Office. There's
dialog: none of the glamour of television,
dialog: or the penetration of serious
dialog: journalism. You're a processor of
dialog: semi-official news. Some people
dialog: leave at this stage. Then, if you
dialog: hang on, and especially if you're
dialog: promoted, you discover a new kind
dialog: of pleasure. You're pleased by
dialog: the ease with which you can write
text: summaries and bulletins from news
dialog: agency printouts, by the way you
dialog: ca judge length. Ending a broadcast
text: on the dot, having everything run
text: smoothly, selecting a running order
dialog: that makes sense, knowing
dialog: instinctively what you can and
dialog: cannot do. Professionalism.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: And you're at this third stage
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: No, there's a fourth. Numbness.
dialog: You do everything right, but you
dialog: feel nothing either way.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I think you're exaggerating. And
dialog: if you aren't, you should jolly
dialog: well change your job.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh yes?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yes. You're much too old to making
dialog: a drama out of alienation, or
dialog: whatever you call it. You've got
dialog: to take responsibility for your
dialog: own happiness. That's what I think
dialog: anyway.
text: Susan has moved on a couple of steps and is bending forwards
text: to look at a picture. James smiles at her wonderingly, a
text: little deflated, but impressed.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES' FLAT - EVENING
text: Jeremy is sprawled in a chair with a drink. James is
text: standing. Muted piano music from the stereo. EDWARD has
text: just entered. The other two have been waiting for him.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's the Poet Laureate himself.
text: Edward approaches. He is a contemporary of the other two,
text: but looks much younger and less worldly in manner. He is
text: slightly nervous. He works on a literary magazine and he
text: is a poet whose work is just beginning to be recognised.
text: The three are old friends. Jeremy and James keep up their
dialog: friendship with Edward because they recognise his talent,
text: and this makes them feel more authentic. Edward keeps up
dialog: with them because he is lonely and his own life is rather
dialog: dull. However, he does distrust them a little. And they
dialog: keep his talent in place by teasing him.
text: As Edward enters the other two applaud.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: How sweet.
text: Edward makes a nervous mock bow.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Thank you. Have you two been
dialog: smoking that illegal stuff again?
text: James pours wine into Edward's glass.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We were admiring your poem in the
dialog: TLS, Edward.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Ah, yes.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's terribly good.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Don't tell me you've actually read
dialog: it, Jeremy.
text: James picks up the TLS and waves it at Edward.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: Committed to memory. Forever.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Blasé and epicene.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: We were just chortling over that.
dialog: Blasé and epicene. It perfectly
text: describes the new Foreign Secretary.
dialog: So--I hope you don't mind, Edward,
dialog: I pinched it for my piece today.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Attributed?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Why, is there a new Foreign
dialog: Secretary? Who was the old one
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It needn't concern you, Edward.
dialog: James has got some news. He needs
text: a poet's advice.
text: Jeremy pats a seat. Edward sits down.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: C'mon. I don't want any Jones
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: No jokes. James is in love.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Congratulations. Who with?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: A glamorous young lady way above
dialog: his station...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Bastard.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Name so Susie Barrington. Daughter
dialog: of the eminent historian, Anne
dialog: Barrington, step-daughter of the
dialog: scandalous Matthew Byrd the
dialog: acclaimed sack-artist...
text: Lay over Jeremy's account on next scene and FADE DOWN
scene_heading: SLOWLY.
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S FLAT - LATE EVENING
text: A sumptuously cluttered place. A chesterfield. Deep
text: armchairs, silk cushions, many prints, coffee table, books.
text: Clearly an inherited place.
text: Susan is pouring coffee. James sits across from her, jacket
text: off, sunk in cushions.
scene_heading: JEREMY'S VOICE OVER RECEDES.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Mummy and I, we were more like
dialog: lovers, really, or sisters. Then
dialog: a couple of years after Daddy died,
dialog: and not long after I left Oxford,
dialog: she started seeing various men and
dialog: I was furious. I really was upset.
dialog: I stopped going home. I never
dialog: phoned. I went round telling
dialog: everyone how awful her books were.
dialog: And she hardly seemed to notice,
dialog: and that made me angrier. Then I
dialog: got a job I was interested in, and
dialog: I started to see lots of men, and
dialog: I suppose I grew up a little and
dialog: began to understand. So I wrote
dialog: her a long letter, almost seven
dialog: pages, saying how sorry I was, and
dialog: how I was worried that we were
dialog: drifting apart. And do you know,
dialog: she wrote me a poem, a really
dialog: beautiful poem about mothers and
dialog: daughters.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: How nice.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It makes me weepy just to remember
dialog: it. So we were fine again, and
dialog: then she got married to Matthew
dialog: who's a womaniser and a bit of a
dialog: yob, but quite nice really, makes
dialog: TV commercials. What about yours.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Both dead.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: That must be rather nice, in a
dialog: way. I mean, you don't have any--
text: The door bell RINGS loudly.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Damn. They're early.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I called you a taxi.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Very thoughtful.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (a gesture of
dialog: helplessness)
dialog: Well, you know...
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR - SUSAN'S FLAT - NIGHT
text: A minute later, James and Susan stand at the front door.
text: Portico and steps down to the street. Taxi waits. They
text: kiss, Susan draws back.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Again?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yes, if you like. Call me at work.
text: James descends the stairs. Susan closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. COCKTAIL BAR - EARLY EVENING
text: A cocktail bar, a self-conscious imitation of the American
text: model. James and Jeremy sit on high stools at the bar.
text: Tall colourful drinks are being set down in front of them.
text: On a TV there are scenes of the departing Royal Navy fleet.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: To the Fleet.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: To the Fleet.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: And the Argies.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The Argies.
text: Jeremy reaches into his inside pocket and pulls out an
dialog: envelope.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: Now, top secret file.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (reaching for it)
dialog: Come on. Hand over.
text: Jeremy outs the envelope out of James's reach.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Uh-huh. Tell me what you think of
dialog: this first.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's shit.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You approve!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let me see.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Get way. You'll see when I'm ready.
dialog: First I want you to reflect on my
dialog: noble behaviour, on how your
dialog: interests are closest to my heart,
dialog: how I lay awake at night worrying--
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Jeremy, just let me see what you've
dialog: got.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You're so hard. All right then.
dialog: I was chatting to some people from
dialog: the diary page, and the name of
dialog: Barrington came up. I expressed
dialog: an interest...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh yes.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: ...an innocent interest, and found
dialog: out that last year Vogue ran a
dialog: series called 'Mothers and
dialog: Daughters' Number seven, Anne and
dialog: Susan Barrington. Being a decent
dialog: loving friend I went to the files
dialog: and made a copy for you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let me see.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Ah, ah. There's more. The piece
dialog: celebrates the undying affection
dialog: between eminent left-wing historian
text: and he dazzling daughter. Then
dialog: the news editor, who happened to
dialog: be in the room, said that years
dialog: ago, when he worked on The Guardian,
dialog: Anne Barrington had written a very
dialog: good piece on...guess...Suez. It
dialog: was 1966, the tenth anniversary.
text: Jeremy hands over the envelope which James now opens.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: She's never written a book in it,
dialog: but she clearly knew a lot.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Mmm...
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's obvious what you have to do.
dialog: Your way into the daughter's pants
dialog: is through the mother, up the Suez
dialog: canal...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You're so gross.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: She's very nice, apparently. Lives
dialog: in Norfolk. And very left-wing.
dialog: You'll have to watch yourself there.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Ha ha...
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: According to this, the daughter
dialog: goes up to stay quiet often. You'll
dialog: need to get yourself invited for
dialog: the right weekend.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You've really got it all worked
dialog: out, haven't you?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: No need to thank me, if you don't
dialog: want to. Just pay for these drinks.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: That'll be eleven pounds, sir
scene_heading: INT. POLYTECHNIC - DAY
text: James walks along a busy corridor in a polytechnic. In a
text: recess to one side is a games room. Along the walls are
text: Space Invader machines by the dozen. Students stand at
text: the machines intently, their faces illuminated by the glow.
dialog: We SEE some expertly handled Space Invader action. James
text: approaches one of the players and asks directions. Without
text: looking up the student points down the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: James stands outside the doors or a lecture hall. Inside
text: a lecture is in progress. We catch a few words.
text: James pushes the door open.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - DAY
text: The LECTURER glances back and acknowledges his presence.
text: James stands at the back of the hall for the end of the
dialog: lecture.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: A vacuum had been created. If the
dialog: United States did not fill it, it
dialog: was assumed the Russians would.
dialog: (A beat)
dialog: Next week I shall be considering
dialog: the extent to which the behaviour
dialog: of nation states or governments
dialog: may be judged by the moral criteria
dialog: we normally apply to individuals.
dialog: Thank you.
text: The students stand and begin to move out. James and the
text: Lecturer move towards each other and shake hands.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURER'S ROOM - DAY
text: James and the Lecturer sit separated by a low table. A
text: tape-recorder is on the Lecturer's side of the table.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: Well, what you need to understand--
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No, sorry, could you lean forward
dialog: a bit when you speak.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: Oh. Is this all right? Um...you
dialog: see, through the early autumn of
dialog: 1956 the Egyptians were running
dialog: the canal, their canal, that is,
dialog: quite efficiently. Traffic was
dialog: passing through unimpeded, for
dialog: Nasser didn't want to provide the
dialog: West with any reason for invading
dialog: his country. Is that loud enough,
dialog: by the way?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: Right. So by the time the British
dialog: and French launched their invasion
dialog: at the beginning of November the
dialog: main economic reasons for doing so
dialog: had largely evaporated. What
dialog: remained, especially for the
dialog: British, were the more marginal
text: and emotional arguments.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S FLAT - EVENING
text: The Lecturer's voice continues on the tape. James pours a
text: drink and he listens and walks towards his desk.
speaker_heading: LECTURER (V.O.)
dialog: (from tape)
dialog: Using the language of private
dialog: behaviour you could say that this
dialog: was an affair of the heart - the
dialog: idea was to teach Nasser a lesson,
dialog: to appear capable of acting
dialog: independently, and to maintain
dialog: face in the world, particularly
dialog: the Arab world.
text: James switches the tape recorder off. He picks up the
text: Vogue 'Mothers and Daughters' article and pins it to the
dialog: map of Egypt.
scene_heading: INT. A COMMUNITY HALL - EVENING
text: A poetry reading, given by Edward Long, has just come to
text: and end. There are about fifty present, and empty chairs
text: behind. Jeremy and James are in the audience.
text: Edward is reading the last stanza of a poem.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "And so the ferry moves across the
dialog: bay, Top heavy as a wedge of wedding
dialog: cake, Leaving us to return to our
text: hotels, Gulls in nautical trim cry
dialog: their farewells, Then drop with
text: avaricious eyes to tale, Souvenirs
dialog: from the debris of the day."
text: He pauses.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: There is earnest applause which peters out. Now, a tense
dialog: silence.
text: Edward stares impassively at the audience until he catches
text: the movement of a half-raised arm.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Yes.
text: The questioner is a middle-class middle-aged woman, rather
dialog: twittery.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Oh, yes, well I thought I'd start
dialog: the thing off by asking, you know,
dialog: and you'll probably think it's a
dialog: stupid question that you get all
dialog: the time, but could you tell us a
dialog: little of how you actually get
dialog: ideas, I mean, your poems are quiet
dialog: extraordinary and beautiful and I
dialog: wondered how they, well, you know,
dialog: came about.
text: During this, Jeremy has caught James's eye and they have
text: started to giggle silently. This continues through the
text: scene. They hunch up and turn away from each other, shaking
text: quietly, half recover, become aware of each other, or of
dialog: the absurdity of the questions, or of Edward's attempts to
text: deal with them, and they fold up once more. From Edward's
text: POV we SEE their heads duck down.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: It isn't a stupid question, but it
dialog: is a difficult one to answer. I
dialog: get ideas in much the same way as
dialog: anyone does. Perhaps the difference
dialog: is that I take them more seriously.
dialog: I write them down - odd scraps of
dialog: things. Then I seem to know when
dialog: I'm ready to start work on a poem.
text: It takes shape to start work on a
dialog: poem. It takes shape as I write
text: it, very slowly.
text: While Edward answers, the woman nods vigorously.
text: James and Jeremy recover in the brief pause between
text: questions. They lift tear-stained faces, then crack up at
dialog: the next question.
text: A young man, anorak, flat auto-didact's 'does the team
text: think' voice. A piece of paper in hand, he stands,
text: trembling.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You are one of the most praised
dialog: poets of your generation of younger
dialog: poets, and the Sunday Times has
dialog: called you a cross between Dante
dialog: and Philip Larkin. What is your
dialog: reaction to this?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Well, it's silly really.
dialog: (catching sight of
dialog: Jeremy and James)
dialog: It's journalism, yes?
text: A serious-looking student has his hand raised.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Yes. What is the poet's role in
dialog: society today?
text: CLOSE ON James, drawing breath. A sudden sharp yelp from
text: Jeremy fighting for air. All heads turn. The two are
text: almost off their seats onto the floor. We move CLOSE ON
text: them and hear their moans or 'No', 'No' and 'Stop', 'stop'
dialog: and 'Sorry!'
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - LATE MORNING
text: The newsroom. The teleprinters. The sheets arriving on
text: the copytaster's desk. On the TV monitor there are pictures
text: of the Fleet. On the P.A. a voice announces 'Edward Du
dialog: Cann on Four'.
text: We find PHILIP standing by the bulletin desk, He is a
text: graduate trainee, 23 years old. Earnest in manner, slightly
dialog: ingratiating.
text: Immensely pleased with what he has just read, he moves
text: towards the summaries desk with a piece of paper in each
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: James, look at this. At last.
text: James is standing by a secretary dictating.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Wait...and with talks at the United
dialog: Nations still making little
dialog: progress, tension and anxiety
dialog: settled on MPs of all parties in
dialog: Westminster. Speaking on the Jimmy
dialog: Young Show earlier today, Mrs
dialog: Thatcher said the prospects of a
dialog: peaceful solution did not look
dialog: encouraging. What is it?
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Take a look at these.
text: James glances over the sheets.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Not bad.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Fifteen news items. I got exactly
dialog: the same running order as the
dialog: bulletin desk. They're all old
dialog: pros.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Terrific.
text: Philip moves on to show someone else nearby. We hear him
text: explain his triumph again.
text: James makes a gesture and expression of contempt for the
dialog: benefit of the secretaries.
text: A group of journalists passes through. James catches one
text: of them by the arm.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Can I use the phone in your office?
speaker_heading: JOURNALISTS
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - LATE MORNING
text: A small bare office. A few minutes later, James is speaking
text: on the phone to Susan.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You're being very elusive...tell
dialog: them you're ill...or leave early
dialog: then...do it properly, tell them a
dialog: lie...Okay, come when you can.
dialog: You've got the address...yes, it
dialog: will be nice. 'Bye..
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S FLAT - NIGHT
text: Susan sits cross-legged in the centre of James's bed.
text: James lies along one edge, head propped on elbows. They've
dialog: been drinking coffee. We have the sense of a long evening
text: of talk, but not much else so far. A pause before Susan
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why not stay?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I have to be up early.
dialog: (She stands)
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (straightening
dialog: herself at the
dialog: mirror. James
dialog: standing close)
dialog: Two or three years ago I would
dialog: have stayed. And fucked you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Too late. Just my luck.
text: He stands behind her and kisses her neck. She turns and
text: they kiss. Susan pulls away. She taps James's nose with
text: her forefinger.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Now I'm more wary. I must be
dialog: getting old.
text: She reaches for her coat. James helps her.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You don't trust me.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I don't trust anyone. That's what
dialog: comes of working in television.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: In radio we're different.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I bet. Thanks for the drink.
text: He opens the door.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I might see you in Norfolk over
dialog: the weekend.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You just might.
text: She closes the door on her smile.
scene_heading: INT. SQUASH COURT - DAY
text: A day later. A glass-fronted Squash Court. James and
text: Jeremy are into a game. Both are inept and very unfit.
text: We COME IN on a rally. Jeremy misses an easy ball and
text: let's his racket drop. James sits down with his back to
text: the wall. Jeremy gets his cigarettes from the corner of
text: the court. They inhale smoke as if it were fresh air.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: That's enough of that.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We've been playing ten minutes for
dialog: Christ sake.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Far too long.
text: A pause. Some keen SQUASH PLAYERS appear at the door,
dialog: peer in and go away.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What have you been up to?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well, everyone's desperate for a
text: new Falkland's angle. Purdy's
dialog: come up with a real dog. Worker's
dialog: rights in Argentina. So I've been
dialog: running round getting people to do
dialog: things. But no one's keen. Workers
dialog: rights. When did anyone on that
dialog: paper give a damn about workers
dialog: rights? I said to Purdy, "Look,
dialog: tits, bingo, jingo, horoscope,
dialog: sport, celebs, gossip and the
dialog: occasional firm stand on--"
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The torture of small children--
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: On the torture of very small
dialog: children, but don't start telling
dialog: them about their rights--
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hold those rights.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Tame those rights...you know, we're
dialog: even freighting in a couple of
dialog: exiled Argie trade unionists from
dialog: Paris for a TV tie in. One of
text: them had his balls tap-danced on
text: by the secret police. The other
dialog: one had to be hosed off the wall
dialog: of his cell after the police-- yes
dialog: my good man?
text: A muscular COACH in a tracksuit, is rapping on the glass
text: door. And opening it. He wears a towel around his neck.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I'm sorry. This is a private
dialog: conversation. You'll have to wait
text: outside.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: You can't smoke in here. This is
text: a squash court.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Well we booked it for a smoke,
dialog: didn't we James?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And we're not quiet finished.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: Come on. Out!
text: A few players have gathered to watch outside.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: The court is ours for another half
dialog: hour. Please run along.
text: The coach advances into the court, picks up their rackets
text: and stands over them. He pushes a racket under Jermey's
dialog: chin.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: I said, out.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: On the other hand, we might be
dialog: more comfortable at the bar. I've
dialog: got some news on Suez.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (racket still under
dialog: his chin)
dialog: A serious drunk might be of use, I
dialog: suppose.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES' FLAT - MORNING
text: James adjusts his tie in the mirror. The PHONE RINGS, Lay
text: over James's voice into SCENES 38 and 39.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Ohm hello, Dad, I've been meaning
dialog: to phone you. How is she?...Oh...in
dialog: the night?...Oh God. What does
dialog: the doctor say?...Look, I will, I
dialog: will. I promise. But it's
dialog: impossible at the moment, now with
dialog: the crisis on. I'm working night
dialog: and day...Look, tell her I'll come
dialog: as soon as I can. I promise...Look,
dialog: Dad, I've got to dash. Give her
dialog: my love. Yes...bye.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIXTON - DAY
text: James walks down a Brixton street, down a narrow road to a
text: set of lock-up garages. A group of black kids are playing
text: football here. James steps round puddles, careful not to
text: muddy his shoes. He scowls at the kids and unlocks his
dialog: garage.
text: James backs his car out of the garage. An early sixties
text: Jaguar saloon. He gets to close to the garage door. The
text: game of football rages around his car, as if it was not
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR WASH - DAY
text: Ten minutes later. A car wash. From the driver's POV we
text: SEE the revolving brushes advance and engulf the car.
text: The phone conversation ends. James reaches down and pushes
text: a tape into the car tape deck. We will HEAR the recording
text: all through James's journey to SCENE 41.
speaker_heading: LECTURER (V.O.)
dialog: (from tape)
dialog: You see, if we talk of a nation,
dialog: like an individual, we can also
dialog: speak of it acting deceitfully.
dialog: Britain and France had entered
dialog: into a secret agreement with the
text: Arabs' deadly enemy, the Israelis.
dialog: The agreement was signed or
dialog: initialled by the Foreign Secretary,
dialog: Selwyn Lloyd on about October 23,
dialog: at Sevres. The Israelis were to
dialog: attack Egypt on an agreed date.
dialog: British planes based in Cyprus
dialog: were to precision bomb Egyptian
dialog: airfields to protect Israeli cities
dialog: from retaliation. After putting
text: out an ultimatum to both side to
dialog: withdraw to ten miles from the
dialog: Canal, which of course the Egyptians
dialog: would have to ignore since the
text: Canal is 100 miles inside their
dialog: territory, the British and the
dialog: French would invade on the pretext
dialog: of 'separating the combatants'.
dialog: That became something of a catch
dialog: phrase - 'Separating the
dialog: combatants'.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY - DAY
text: James's car makes its way through the city.
scene_heading: EXT. M11 MOTORWAY - DAY
text: An hour later. The M11. James's car speeds away from us.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH NORFOLK - DAY
text: An hour and a half later. James drives along a country
dialog: road.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BARRINGTON HOUSE - DAY
text: A small BOY, TOM, peers over a wall at James's car as it
text: sweeps into the drive.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Five minutes later. The Barrington house. The library.
text: James waits alone. The house stands in its own grounds -
text: an old rectory, spacious, but not over-grand. Much charm.
text: 19th and 20th Century oil paintings, a serious reader's
text: library. Pleasant disorder, but no squalor. There is one
dialog: housekeeper.
text: Somewhere in the house a PHONE RINGS. There are footsteps.
text: James crosses to a window which faces out over the garden
text: which is large and well-kept.At some distance away a
text: gardener is raking leaves. Another man comes and talks to
text: him and then disappears from sight. This is MATHEW, Anne
dialog: Barrington's husband.
text: The door opens slowly. TOM, the ten year old son of
text: Matthew, stares at James.
text: After a pause.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm waiting for your mother.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: She said awfully sorry, make
dialog: yourself comfortable, she won't be
dialog: long. .
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Why not sit down and wait?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Okay, I will.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: She's not my mother, anyway. My
dialog: mother's in Italy.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh, I see.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Have you come to talk about me?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Not at all. History.
text: At this Tom leaves the door and advances into the room.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What period?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Suez. 1956.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Do you want to hear my list of
dialog: English Kings and Queens?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It goes from Henry VIII.
dialog: (In rapid monotone)
dialog: Henry VIII, Edward IV, Mary,
dialog: Elizabeth I, James I, Charles I,
dialog: Charles II, James II, William and
dialog: Mary, Ann, George I, II, III and
dialog: IV, Victoria, Edward VII, George
dialog: V, Edward VIII, George IV, Elizabeth
dialog: II.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What about the Cromwells?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: They don't count.
text: Anne Barrington comes in. Aged about fifty-five, very
text: attractive still, and fit.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Mr. Penfield. I am sorry to have
dialog: kept you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's kind of you to see me.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Tom, Daddy would like to see you
dialog: in the garden. And will you ask
dialog: Betty to bring us some coffee.
dialog: And remember to say 'please'.
text: Tom leaves. They watch as he closes the door with
dialog: exaggerated care.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: He's a little unhappy. I hope he
dialog: wasn't a nuisance?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He was delightful.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - DAY
text: Ten minutes later. Anne sits behind her desk, James sits
text: across from her. The HOUSEKEEPER sets down a tray and
dialog: leaves.
text: Anne appraises James and deals with the coffee, and for
text: the first time in the film we take a long, hard look at
text: him too. The light flatters. The notebook at his side,
text: his patience and deference, the well-cut suit...he is at
dialog: least credible.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: My first husband worked for the
dialog: BBC. I doubt if anyone there
dialog: remembers him now, just another
dialog: long dead diligent administrator.
dialog: He would have been useful in the
dialog: fight to preserve the BBC's
dialog: independence during the Suez crisis -
dialog: one of the few things he was
dialog: passionate about. I became involved
dialog: too. I started work on a book
dialog: that would have been published on
dialog: the tenth anniversary of Suez.
dialog: Then he died, and I loots the will
dialog: to write it. By the time I was
dialog: over his death, other books had
dialog: been published, and it wasn't worth
text: going on.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What a shame.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: It wasn't much more than a pot
dialog: boiler.Suez was very important for
dialog: our generation. I didn't want it
dialog: to be forgotten. And that's why
dialog: I'd like to be able to help you.
dialog: But really Mr. Penfield, I looked
dialog: through my notes before you came,
dialog: they're all very much out of date,
dialog: there's been so much published
dialog: since. I don't think I'm your
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (smiling, uncertain)
dialog: Well, I am a great admirer of your
dialog: work. I read your books on Chartism
dialog: when I was still at school. I'm a
dialog: journalist, not a historian. There
dialog: are questions of method, and
dialog: approach. I wondered--
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I see. Are you a socialist, Mr.
dialog: Penfield?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Good. Suez was a minefield for
dialog: both parties.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - DAY
text: The Garden, same time. Tom wanders aimlessly near the
text: house. He comes to one of the library windows and peers
dialog: in.
text: Unobserved, he watches Ann and James. Ann is speaking.
text: James interrupts, Anne nods. James writes something down
text: in his notebook.
text: Tom hears his father in the distance calling his name. He
text: leaves the window and runs.
scene_heading: INT. CONSERVATORY - DAY
text: Lunchtime. A table spread with white tablecloth, salads
text: and wine. Set for two.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: My husband apologises for not
dialog: joining us. It's not too cold for
dialog: you, Mr. Penfield?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's fine, thank you.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Since you are a friend of my
dialog: daughter's, I think I'm entitled
dialog: to call you James, don't you think?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Please do. I was beginning to
dialog: wonder who this Mr. Penfield was.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: And I'd like you to call me Ann.
text: James raises his glass.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: To Ann.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: To James. I remember what it was
dialog: I was going to say. We were talking
dialog: about forgetfulness. The Czech
dialog: writer Kundera has one of his
dialog: characters say that the struggle
dialog: of man against tyranny is the
dialog: struggle of memory against
dialog: forgetting.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: History books are first onto the
text: bonfires.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: If we leave the remembering to
dialog: historians then the struggle is
text: already lost. Everyone must have
dialog: a memory, everyone needs to be a
dialog: historian. In this country, for
dialog: example, we're in danger of losing
text: hard-won freedoms by dozing off in
dialog: a perpetual present.
text: James is uneasy, a little out of his depth.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Here I am lecturing you. Have
dialog: some pâté.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thanks.
text: A Pause. Ann has already emptied her glass. James has
text: hardly touched his. Ann refills her own. Then James,
text: lightly, wanting to be back on familiar ground.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So I can go ahead and be a historian
dialog: without feeling like a poseur.I
dialog: shall be fulfilling a citizen's
dialog: duty.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: If you like. But don't be too
dialog: modest, James. The citizen's duty
dialog: is to remember, not necessarily to
dialog: write books. You are highly
dialog: qualified. You're a responsible
dialog: journalist doing what sounds to me
dialog: like a very demanding job. Every
dialog: day you take decisions that depend
dialog: on your sense of history. A genuine
dialog: tyranny would have to get rid of
dialog: people like you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You're kind to be so encouraging.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I think you'll do very well.
text: She smiles and briefly touches James's hand. James looks
text: up impassive.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK GATE TO GARDEN - DAY
text: Anne and James are returning from an after-lunch walk. We
dialog: have a glimpse of the landscape we will see more of on
text: James's return.
text: As they walk they arrive through a back gate into the
text: Barrington garden. A jet fighter races through the sky.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I've met some of her colleagues,
dialog: I'm afraid they struck me as rather
dialog: empty people. Very ambitious, and
text: charming too. But not serious.
dialog: No politics.
text: They walk on.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I do worry about Susan. Have you
dialog: known her long? She hasn't
dialog: mentioned you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Actually, we've only just met.
dialog: But we're quiet good friends.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: It's a pity she couldn't make it
dialog: up here today.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: She'll be here next weekend. Why
dialog: don't you come too, James? I'll *
dialog: show you the marshes properly. If
dialog: you're lucky you might even see
text: the first of the geese arriving
dialog: from Siberia.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well, I'd hate to be a nuisance.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Don't be silly. I'll look out
dialog: some more Suez material for you.
dialog: You'll be very welcome.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE - DAY
text: They come round the front of the house to James's car. He
text: opens the door and shakes Ann's hand.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: We'll see you next week, and if--
text: Matthew's car comes sweeping up the drive. Tom is in the
text: front seat. Matthew stops his car so that his front door
dialog: is by James.
text: MATTHEW is fifty. A director of commercials for cinema
text: and television. Breezy, chunky-faced, keen to be taken
text: seriously. Essentially good-humoured.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I wish you wouldn't drive so fast,
dialog: Mat, dearest.
speaker_heading: MATHEW
dialog: I'll get a bike. I promise. Hi!
dialog: Just off?
text: Matthew and James shake hands over the car doors.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Matthew my husband. James. James
dialog: is coming to stay next weekend.
speaker_heading: MATHEW
dialog: Very good. Well, I'll see you
dialog: then.
text: He strides away with Tom.
speaker_heading: MATHEW
dialog: Come on, Tom. Let's see if we can
dialog: get this thing working.
text: James pulls away. Ann stands watching him till he is out
text: of sight, and a little longer after that.
scene_heading: EXT. A149 ROAD - DAY
text: Ten minutes later. James drives along the A149 near Clay.
text: He has the window wide open, the radio on. The great
text: expanse of salt marsh is to his right. The huge sky. The
text: mood is triumphant.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL NORFOLK - DAY
text: Half an hour later. A lonely road in central Norfolk.
text: James brings the car to a sudden halt. He switches off
text: the engine. In the silence we are able to hear the car
text: cassette player. As it plays, James walks round the car
text: till he finds his flat tyre. He rummages with growing ill-
text: temper in the boot. Two cases of empty wine bottles, a
text: mildewed towel and swimming trunks, but no jack.
speaker_heading: LECTURER (V.O.)
dialog: (from tape)
dialog: There was a real desire on the
dialog: British part to appear virtuous
text: while behaving aggressively, and
dialog: the pursuit of virtue led to many
dialog: lies being told, most notable the
dialog: Prime Minister's in the House of
dialog: Commons on December 20 when he
dialog: said that there was 'no
dialog: foreknowledge that Israel would
dialog: attack Egypt'. Perhaps we should
dialog: reverse the question and ask
dialog: ourselves to what extent individuals
dialog: behave like governments, who are
dialog: bound to act in the national
dialog: interest which in turn is rarely
dialog: separable from the government's
dialog: interest, or that of the class it
dialog: represents...
text: Furious, he goes to the front of the car and snaps off the
text: tape machine, and stands jiggling his keys in the vast
dialog: silence.
text: A minute later. James sets off. The immensity of the
text: landscape, the incongruousness of his clothes...
scene_heading: EXT. LONELY ROAD - DAY
text: James, walking.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD THROUGH WOOD - DAY
text: The road passes through a wood. When BETTY speaks, it
dialog: surprises both James and us.
text: She stands at the head of a little grass track that leads
text: into a wood. She carries a plastic carrier bag. She is
text: almost childlike in her friendliness.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Are you the man from the BBC?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Sorry. I didn't mean to frighten
dialog: you. I thought you must be from
dialog: the BBC.
dialog: (she advances)
dialog: We've been waiting, see. And you
dialog: don't exactly look like a farmer.
dialog: I'm Betty.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: James Penfield.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Come and meet the others. They've
dialog: been waiting for you.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS. AIRFIELD PERIMETER - DAY
text: James follows Betty through the woods. A rumbling and
text: whining noise increases in violence and becomes deafening
text: once they leave the wood and cross open ground towards a
text: Military Air Base. The Peace Camp is near the perimeter
text: fence. A ramshackle collection of tents, caravans, a tepee
text: and a rough wooden shelter which is the communal area. A
text: fire burns here. Various peace signs, Women's Movement
dialog: sign and slogan. ('Fight War, Not Wars', etc.)
text: Three women are sitting around the fire. A little further
text: off a MAN is chopping wood. One of the women, CARMEN, is
text: over sixty. The other two are in their thirties. The
dialog: man, PETE, is a vintage hippy. A good mix of regional
text: accents among the campers. Betty leads James to the fire.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I found a man from the BBC, but
dialog: he's not the man.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Never mind. We'll just have to
dialog: make do. Would you like a cup of
dialog: tea? Jill, give the young man
dialog: your cup.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (Dodging smoke from
dialog: the fire)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Sit on that log, dear.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Be careful though, it wobbles.
text: The others laugh.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Er, listen, I... I've got a
dialog: puncture. I wondered if I might
dialog: borrow a jack.
speaker_heading: JILL AND CAROL
dialog: Pete!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Sorry to be a nuisance.
text: Pete ambles over. Inscrutable behind much hair. He
text: registers no awareness of James. He smokes a roll-up.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Pete, do we have a jack?
text: Pete inhales, considers and nods almost imperceptibly.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Could you look it out for our
dialog: friend?
text: Pete nods again and returns to chopping wood.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Is the tea all right? I didn't
dialog: ask you if you wanted sugar.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's fine, thanks.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Now first of all, tell us your
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Penfield. James Penfield.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: This is Jill, Carol, Betty, Mandy,
dialog: Louise, Pete over there, and I'm
dialog: Carmen.
text: The women smile and murmur hello as they are introduced.
text: Their friendliness progressively disorientates James.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: There's another fifteen of us out
text: at a meeting.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Would you like us to show you round
dialog: the camp.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Let him drink his tea, poor man.
dialog: I don't know what's happened to
dialog: this other fellow. He said he'd
dialog: be here at three.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Lost!
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: What do you do at the BBC, James?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I work in radio news, in London.
dialog: A chorus of 'Oh well then ... 'and 'Great!'
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But I'm not an interviewer or a
dialog: correspondent.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: That doesn't matter. As long as
dialog: we can get our message through to
dialog: someone there. Jill, where are
dialog: those handouts?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: They're back here somewhere.
text: They're a bit crumpled.
text: Pete hands a jack to James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh, great. Thanks.
text: Now James has his jack he begins to back away.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Give them here. This tells you
dialog: how the Women's Peace Camp came to
dialog: be set up. All local women at
dialog: first, then we had support from
text: women and men all over the country.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Very good.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: The response has been just amazing.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: And this sheet tells you all about
dialog: the base, the number of missiles
dialog: they're going to have, what they
dialog: think they're for and so on.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We've had the local radio down
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Terrific.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: But what we need is national
dialog: coverage. It's difficult with
dialog: this Falklands madness going on.
dialog: Do you think you might be able to
dialog: do something when you get back?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'll suggest it. Remember though,
dialog: we're news, not features. It might
dialog: help if you could get yourselves
dialog: attacked by the police. Anyway,
dialog: I'll be back with this soon.
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (close up, eyes
dialog: wide)
dialog: Ordinary people everywhere are
dialog: saying 'No, we don't want these
dialog: terrible weapons!' That's news!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I won't be a moment.
scene_heading: EXT. PEACE CAMP - EVENING
text: James drives down the road towards the airbase. He stops
text: his car well short of the camp. He takes the jack from
text: the car and walks towards the camp. There are more people
text: now moving in and out of the light of the fire. The sounds
text: of voices, laughter, mostly female. A meal is being cooked.
text: James sets down the jack where it can be found. He has
text: been observed throughout by Pete, from the shadows. He
text: speaks as James is turning back towards his car.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Off then?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Er, yes, I put the jack by the ...
dialog: hut there. Thanks for your help
dialog: ... I... I have to be getting back
dialog: ... so ... see you. And thanks
dialog: ... and ... all the best.
text: Pete watches James walk away.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION COMPANY ENTRANCE/STAIRS - AFTERNOON
text: London. A day later. The television company where Susan
text: works. James is late. The lift is out of order. He runs
text: up several flights of stairs with diminishing energy.
scene_heading: INT. SCREENING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Breathless, James bursts into the screening room. Susan
text: is seated. Jeremy stands near her, leaning against a desk,
text: smoking. By contrast, they are calm.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Fortunate that I was here to keep
dialog: Susan entertained.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Sorry. Got held up. What are you
dialog: doing here?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
text: Delivering gossip and goodwill.
dialog: It seems we'll both be doing
dialog: Brighton.
dialog: (He starts to put
dialog: on his coat)
dialog: Perhaps you should come too.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: Will it be fun?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It was last year.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: We might be able to dig out a couple
dialog: of Suez survivors for you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Perhaps I will, then.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (Kissing on the
dialog: cheek first Susan,
dialog: then James)
dialog: I'm off. Let's meet. You promised
dialog: to tell me about Norfolk.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'll ring you.
text: A brief pause and a slight awkwardness after Jeremy leaves.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: I think we're ready now, thank
dialog: you. And how was Norfolk? Did
dialog: you get on with my mother?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I think she liked me.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Did she talk about me?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No. We talked about history, and
dialog: Siberian Geese.
text: The lights go down.
text: We SEE a series of FILM CLIPS about Suez: crowd scenes in
text: Cairo; footage of the Fleet on its way from Malta; the
dialog: actual invasion; parachutes; Eden at Downing Street; Lloyd
text: at the airport; the protest meeting at Trafalgar Square;
text: fighting in Suez streets.
text: James sneaks occasional looks at Susan throughout. We SEE
text: her in profile, lit by the screen.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (As the first
dialog: pictures come up)
text: It's not in chronological order.
dialog: There's an hour of stuff, of which
dialog: the director has to choose four
dialog: minutes. What'll happen is that
dialog: I'll choose it for him ... Does he
dialog: look like a man on speed?
text: Our two minute sequence is presented to represent an hour
text: of film. When at last it is over and the lights come up,
text: there is a moment of stupefaction. Susan yawns and prepares
dialog: to leave.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Do you think she's invited you up
dialog: for her sake or for mine?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (kissing Susan's
dialog: fingers)
dialog: I haven't really thought about it.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (smiling, mischievous)
dialog: Well, you should.
text: James kisses Susan. She complies rather than responds.
text: Susan disengages herself gently and gathers her things.
text: She stands.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Well, must get on.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: A day or two later. People are drifting out to go down
text: the corridor to the morning news conference. James is one
text: of the last to leave. On his way out he meets Charles,
text: the newsreader from Scene two.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Charles! I didn't know you were
dialog: back. Have a good holiday?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Not too bad, thanks. How have you
dialog: been?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Working hard on that book I was
dialog: telling you about. Coming to the
dialog: meeting?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'm not sure I can face it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Keep me company.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - EARLY MORNING
text: James steers Charles out of the newsroom and along the
text: corridor. Only slowly does it become apparent that Charles
text: is in a state of distress.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: How's Mary?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: She's fine. Well, actually we've
text: broken up. It's all over.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No. That's terrible, Charles.
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (on the edge of
dialog: tears)
dialog: Look, I'd rather you didn't ask me
dialog: questions. I can't talk about it.
text: They have reached the News Conference Room, but Charles
text: walks on down the corridor to nurse his grief out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS CONFERENCE ROOM - MORNING
text: The News Conference Room. Ten minutes later. The same
text: Editor. The same matter-of-factness and slight boredom.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: ....as it happens they got all
dialog: their facts wrong anyway. I checked
dialog: up. We reported the big peace
dialog: march on Hyde Park last October,
dialog: and a march on NATO headquarters
dialog: in the spring, and the death of
dialog: whatsisname last month, the old
dialog: CND man...
text: He looks round. It is not clear that anyone is listening.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: What really gets to them, though
dialog: they'll never admit it, these types,
dialog: is that we give both sides, theirs
dialog: and the government's.
text: Multilateralists and unilateralists.
dialog: Hawks and doves. As far as they're
dialog: concerned, there's only one side
dialog: to the question. Nuclear weapons
dialog: are bad. Full stop. End of
dialog: discussion. Anyone who says there's
dialog: more to it than that is... what
dialog: was it...
dialog: (He picks up a
dialog: newspaper cutting)
dialog: 'Under cover of an authoritative
text: news service, propagating a military
dialog: definition of reality.'
text: He pauses, relaxes into professional indifference.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Still. With the party conferences
dialog: coming up in the autumn there's
dialog: bound to be some action on that
dialog: front and we'd be doing something
dialog: anyway. It won't all be Falklands
dialog: business. James, is there something
dialog: in there for us, if we could tie
dialog: it in with something else?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well, it's all a bit cranky and
dialog: small scale. Vegetarians, hippies,
text: disturbed housewives. Local radio
dialog: story, I'd say, if that. They're
dialog: mad.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Oh well. Just an idea. Now. Can
dialog: we talk about this radio-car cock-
dialog: up yesterday. Chris?
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM STUDIO - LATE MORNING.
text: Two hours later. The studio. James and Charles sit at
text: the table, as in Scene Three. Charles reads. He is
text: obviously distressed but his voice remains under control.
text: James watches anxiously.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It was an emotional occasion.
text: Hundreds of small craft led by six
text: fire tugs making fountains of water
dialog: formed an escort flotilla, and
text: four Wasp helicopters flew past in
dialog: salute. In the City the Financial
dialog: Times Ordinary Shares Index was
dialog: down ten points an hour ago at
text: 529.8. BBC Radio News.
text: In the Control Room, the minute hand of the clock reaches
text: five past the hour; the sweep hand reaches the twelve on
text: Charles's last word. The Controller pushes a button.
text: Charles slumps forward.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: My God that was close! Well done,
dialog: Charles. I knew you wouldn't let
dialog: me down. But God! We almost didn't
dialog: make it.
text: James is standing, gathering papers. He bustles out,
text: indifferent. We CLOSE IN on Charles. Unseen by anyone,
text: he is just beginning to cry.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S FLAT - EVENING
text: James is typing rapidly. There is a growing pile of
text: typewritten sheets to one side. We go over his shoulder
dialog: and look closely at the map, Egypt, the desert . . .
scene_heading: EXT. THE BARRINGTON HOUSE, NORFOLK - LATE MORNING
text: A few days later. James has just arrived and switched his
text: engine off. But for the wind and birdsong, silence. There
text: is no reply when he tries the front door. A note pinned
text: to the door reads: 'Gone for a walk. Follow footpath.
dialog: Susan.'
scene_heading: EXT. DYKE - DAY
text: James walks along the dyke, across the marshes. Below
text: him, on the sand, in the distance, are two figures. James
text: stops to watch them. Matthew and Susan are deep in
text: conversation  evidently a serious matter. They seem to
text: be making an agreement. Matthew puts his head on Susan's
text: shoulder, and they walk on, unaware of James.
scene_heading: INT. DINING-ROOM - NIGHT
text: A burst of laughter. It is dinner. Seated are Ann,
text: Matthew, Tom, Susan, James and JACEK, a professor from
text: Central Europe, mid-sixties, an old friend of Ann's. Betty,
text: the housemaid, serves.
speaker_heading: JACEK
dialog: (heavy accent)
dialog: The second is less pleasant. A
text: Pole is confronted by a German and
dialog: a Russian soldier. Which should
dialog: he shoot first? The German first,
dialog: the Russian second. Duty before
dialog: pleasure.
text: A more subdued response.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I've heard that one at school.
speaker_heading: JACEK
dialog: Then you are a well-educated young
dialog: man.
dialog: (to Ann)
text: Tom has been reciting his English
dialog: kings and queens to me.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And to me.
speaker_heading: JACEK
dialog: Haven't you socialist historians
dialog: in the West made kings and queens
dialog: out of date in schools?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: We keep trying.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: I can tell you that the history of
dialog: the monarchy is alive and well in
dialog: the national memory. I shot a
text: commercial - a series of vignettes
dialog: of kings and queens  Henry VIII,
dialog: Mary 
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Elizabeth I.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Elizabeth I, and so on - and we
dialog: had a fantastic response.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What were you advertising?
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Oh, some new lager.
speaker_heading: JACEK
dialog: I'm pleased to hear that there is
dialog: at least some national memory. I
dialog: agree with Ann that the British
dialog: forget too quickly. Here you have
dialog: enviable freedoms, and yet no
dialog: monuments to those who struggled
dialog: to win them for you. Now that is
dialog: why I think there is hope for the
dialog: Poles, whoever occupies their
dialog: country. They remember their dates,
dialog: and they keep adding to them.
dialog: December 1981, Gdansk 1980, 1976,
dialog: 1970. Katyn 1940, 1922 and so on.
dialog: It's a subversive list. Say it
text: out loud on the streets of Warsaw
dialog: and you might get arrested.
dialog: During this last speech of Jacek's we SEE James trying to
text: catch Susan's eye. She glances up and looks away.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS - NIGHT
text: An hour later.
text: Wine glass in hand James goes upstairs. He comes to Tom's
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Susan has been seeing Tom into bed. James watches from
text: the doorway. She kisses her brother and turns out the
text: light.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't close the door. Don't turn
text: out the hall light.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I won't. Goodnight.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: 'Night.
text: James and Susan linger in the semi-darkness outside Tom's
text: room. From downstairs comes the sound of boisterous
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I haven't seen much of you.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No. It's a bit of a madhouse.
dialog: For some reason a lot of my mother's
text: friends specialise in monologues.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He's all right, the professor.
text: Tom comes out of his room.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ah, Susy, it...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Tom . .. bed! Go on.
text: Tom retreats into his bedroom. James and Susan move to
text: the head of the stairs.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Look, will you come on a walk with
dialog: me tomorrow?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I might.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Might?
speaker_heading: ANN (O.S.)
dialog: (calling from below)
dialog: Susan, James, are you up there?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hello, Mummy.
text: Ann comes half-way up the stairs.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Betty's made some coffee. Do you
dialog: want some?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yes, we do.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Well, we're in the library.
text: Ann lingers a moment. She wants James downstairs. As
text: soon as she has gone, he kisses Susan.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Might?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (Strokes his face)
dialog: Yes. Might. Remember, you're
dialog: here to talk to my mother.
text: She leads the way downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: The library. A fire burns. Ann pours the coffee and is
text: highly aware of James when he comes in. Jacek is a little
dialog: drunk.
speaker_heading: JACEK
dialog: Ah, Susan, James. Come and judge.
dialog: I am interrogating Matthew. I am
dialog: asking him how a director of
dialog: advertisements and a socialist get
dialog: along so well together. How does
text: the lion lie down with the lamb.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: By staying in town all week. And
text: lying down with several lambs.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
text: Not so. We meet half way. Ann
dialog: has grown very fond of her material
dialog: comforts. She even owns land with
dialog: keep out signs posted on the
dialog: boundaries. And I...
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: (wearily, to James)
dialog: I bought a wood because a local
dialog: farmer was going to cut it down.
text: The signs were already there.
speaker_heading: JACEK
dialog: And you...
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: I earn so much money at what I do
dialog: that I can't even begin to defend
dialog: it. I used to shoot a whole line
dialog: about the value and necessity of
dialog: advertising...
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: You were more interesting then.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: ...but now I'm an agnostic. So is
dialog: Ann, if she'd only admit it.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Come on, James. Defend me from
dialog: this tripe.
text: Expectant pause. Susan smirks. James is out of his depth.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well, there's no reason why a
dialog: socialist shouldn't like comfort,
dialog: or own a wood, or be very rich.
dialog: The problem is making all that
dialog: available to everybody ...
text: All except Ann groan dismissively.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Rubbish!
speaker_heading: JACEK
dialog: Ah, if everybody is to have
dialog: everything, then you need to plan
dialog: very carefully, you need to control
dialog: the future. This is the tragedy
dialog: of Marxism. The future is not
dialog: ours to control, nothing turns out
dialog: as we plan it.
dialog: (to Ann)
dialog: You remember that charming note of
dialog: Enzensberger's, Spanish anarchists
dialog: in 1898 looked forward to a glorious
dialog: future after the revolution  a
dialog: world of incredibly tall shining
dialog: buildings, with elevators that
dialog: would save climbing stairs, electric
dialog: light for all, garbage disposal
dialog: chutes and wonderful household
text: gadgets. This vision is now a
dialog: reality in our cities, the victory
dialog: has been won and it looks just
dialog: like defeat. ..
text: Susan yawns conspicuously. Everybody turns.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (unrepentant)
dialog: Sorry. Tired.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING
text: The following morning. If possible, a beautiful day.
text: Betty is washing up a large pile of breakfast things.
text: From outside, the sound of much hilarity.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - MORNING
text: On the back lawn Tom, Susan and Matthew are playing
text: football. To one side, Jacek leans on his stick and
dialog: watches.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - MORNING
text: The library. Ann and James sit facing each other by the
text: fireplace. The game of football can be heard. From where
text: James sits he can see past and into the gardens, the
text: occasional glimpse of Susan, the enticing sunlight.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: The references are to Hansard or
dialog: to newspapers. I haven't got the
dialog: actual speeches now. You'll have
text: to chase them up.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I will, thanks.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: These are transcripts of various
dialog: radio broadcasts, including
dialog: Gaitskill's, the one they tried to
dialog: stop. You ought to have that ...
text: Betty knocks and enters.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Excuse me. Phone call for Mr
dialog: Penfield.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Take it here.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thanks. Hello... how did you get
dialog: this number? I see. Look, I'm
dialog: really sorry about last week, I...
dialog: no, I'm up here researching
dialog: something I... is she?.. . well,
dialog: don't they have painkillers for
dialog: that?... Oh, yeah... Look, tell
dialog: her 111 be there... I can't just
dialog: drop everything. It'll probably
dialog: be the day after tomorrow...
dialog: Right... Ok... yes, goodbye.
dialog: (to Ann)
dialog: It's a relative of mine. She's
dialog: not very well.
dialog: (He sits down again)
dialog: I'm sorry. What were you saying?
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - DAY
text: A couple of hours later. Susan sits on a bench re-tying
text: the lace of her walking boot. James stands, waiting.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Jeremy phoned this morning
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What did he want?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He's making plans for Brighton.
dialog: He thought we could travel down
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That'll be fun
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: In your car
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why not.
text: Ann appears from the house. Tom follows.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Hello. Anyone for a walk? Tom
dialog: isn't, I can tell you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well, we were just...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't you want to walk, Tom?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Actually, I've been once today
dialog: already. I'll stay here with him.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: James and I have been indoors all
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Well, he's very keen to go.
text: She walks with Tom towards the house.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Susan...
text: Holding Tom's hand, she turns and smiles.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: See you when you get back.
text: James has been quickly outmanoeuvred by Susan. He stands
text: awkwardly for a moment, collecting himself.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Shall we go?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. DYKE - DAY
text: The dyke across the marshes, the sand dunes, the sea.
text: During Ann's monologue (broken up where appropriate) we
text: SEE the two sometimes IN CLOSE, sometimes as MINUTE FIGURES
text: in this immense landscape.
text: James follows Ann along the dyke. They stop and she points
text: out a wooded hill, well inland. Later...
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Then I began to listen to what the
dialog: well-off were saying about the
dialog: poor now  the war had just ended,
dialog: and the language was much the same
dialog: as it had been before the first
dialog: Reform Act. A small minority
dialog: thought that England was really
dialog: theirs, they had made it, they
dialog: owned it. The rest, the wage
dialog: earners, were foreigners, outsiders
text: intent on wrecking it all.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Didn't Evelyn Waugh say that the
dialog: country under Atlee seemed to be
dialog: under enemy occupation?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Did he? I left school and worked
dialog: for the Labour Party. My older
dialog: brother, George, had just been
dialog: killed in Greece, and he'd been an
dialog: active member. I hero-worshipped
dialog: him. He was 25 years old ...
dialog: (she trails off)
dialog: It was an exciting time for us,
dialog: those first couple of years after
dialog: the war. We thought the country
dialog: was about to become a true
dialog: democracy. I can understand why
dialog: people of your generation want to
dialog: write about that time. They feel
text: betrayed. They want to know what
dialog: went wrong.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What went wrong?
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Oh, many things. Inertia ... Stalin
dialog: and the Cold War... a failure of
dialog: nerve. We took the seediest, most
dialog: inefficient fifth of the economy
dialog: into State care, paid out millions
dialog: for it, put the same old duffers
text: in charge. A new broom with very
text: old bristles. When the Tories
dialog: were returned, I went and sat in
dialog: the BM and wrote my little book on
dialog: Chartism.
text: Later. Walking home
speaker_heading: ANN.
dialog: I don't like admitting it, but the
dialog: truth is, I am happy. Matthew's
dialog: right. I like comfort. I like
dialog: doing my own work and not having
dialog: to teach. I love my house and the
dialog: garden, and my wood.
dialog: (she stops)
dialog: And I'm very happy walking here
dialog: with you. (She takes his hand.)
dialog: You have such a quiet, strong sense
dialog: of purpose. Energy. I think I'll
dialog: rely on you to take the
text: uncomfortable stands in life.
dialog: I've done my bit.
text: They smile at each other.
text: Ann moves in to kiss James passionately. He complies.
text: A jet fighter flies in low over the marshes.
scene_heading: INT. DRAWING-ROOM - EVENING
text: Susan and Tom, who wears pyjamas and dressing-gown, are
text: playing Chess. James watches Susan. Tom is noisily,
text: bossily instructing her in the rules. Matthew is
text: approaching James, about to speak.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: I just might give you a ring when
dialog: we get back to London. There's
dialog: one or two things I'd like to...
dialog: Will you let me have your number
dialog: before you leave? Have you ever
dialog: watched a commercial being made?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Well, it's worth seeing.
text: Ann appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: James...
text: There is a moment of awkwardness. James squeezes past
text: Matthew and goes towards Ann.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Excuse me.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - EVENING
text: The library. A moment later. James has just come in.
text: Ann hands him a silver framed photograph.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: I wanted to show you. It was taken
dialog: six months before he died.
dialog: The resemblance between James and the dead brother should
text: be clear. James studies the photograph. He looks up.
text: Ann is gazing at him steadily.
scene_heading: INT. DINING-ROOM - NIGHT
text: Half an hour later. Ann, Matthew, Susan and James. A
text: certain strain. The sound of knives and forks only. In
text: the hall the PHONE RINGS. They hear Betty pick it up.
text: Still holding the receiver she pushes open the dining-room
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (to Matthew)
dialog: It's for you, Mr Fox.
text: The others go on eating, acutely aware of Matthew's
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: (from the hall)
dialog: Hello... Oh, hi... well, you know...
text: He pushes the door shut with his foot. James looks at
text: Susan. Susan glances at her mother. Ann knows it is one
text: of Matthew's girlfriends. She goes on eating, a brave but
text: failing attempt to appear untouched.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Very late, the same night. From the point of view of an
text: intruder we move into the room. James is asleep.
speaker_heading: ANNE'S VOICE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: James... James.
text: He snaps awake. We SEE what he sees. Ann sits on the
text: edge of his bed, in tears. She touches his face. She
text: leans over and embraces him.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A little later. The bedside lamp is on. James lies still,
text: his expression numb. The bedclothes are in disarray. His
text: bedroom door is just closing.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - LATE MORNING
text: The Newsroom at its busiest, as in Scene One. Linger on
text: the activity before finding James. He sits writing a report
text: in longhand, referring to News Agency material. Much
text: dictating going on around him, so that Philip who sits
text: across from him has almost to shout to be heard. He has
text: picked up a phone and is covering the mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: It's that lady from Norfolk again.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm not here.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I'm terribly sorry. He doesn't
dialog: seem to be here ... No ... Yes, if
dialog: I see him, I will. .. Goodbye.
dialog: She's going to phone back.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Next time tell her I've gone away.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Aha. James giving some woman the
dialog: old heave-ho.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (rim smile)
dialog: Exactly that.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S FLAT - EVENING
text: TIGHT SHOT of Edward on the phone.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Hello, you don't know me. My name's
dialog: Edward Long. I'm a friend of James
dialog: Penfield. He asked me to phone
dialog: you. I don't know what any of
dialog: this means, but he said you would
dialog: understand ... Yes, that's right.
dialog: He said he's got to go away for a
dialog: while, and that he'll be writing
dialog: to you and please don't try and
dialog: contact him ... Hello?
text: Pulling away, we see where we are. James sits in a chair
dialog: reading a magazine. God, that was terrible. Don't ever
dialog: ask me another favour like that.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You were wonderful. I'm very
dialog: grateful.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: She hung up. Why couldn't you
dialog: just write to her?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I will, sooner or later.
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Trouble is I hate writing letters.
dialog: Now, where are we going to eat?
scene_heading: INT. FILM STUDIO - MORNING
dialog: What we SEE first is the actual set and only subsequently
dialog: the surrounding technical apparatus of film-making. We
text: are suddenly in a deeply contented pre-war middle-class
text: sitting-room. Guide track: sweet, period music. Dad sits
text: in an armchair reading a newspaper. A pipe is near at
text: hand. To one side, a wireless. At his feet, a girl plays
text: with a doll; a boy plays with a model steam engine.
text: Mum enters with a tray of steaming hot drinks. As she
text: sets down the tray on the arm of Dad's chair, the music
text: peaks and the children half rise and arrange themselves on
text: either side of Dad's legs. Everyone smiles up at Mum.
text: Once this has unfolded, we pull back to see the camera
text: crew, continuity, make-up etc. James is standing to one
dialog: side watching.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: And ... cut. Steve?
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: ((camera-man)
dialog: Not the best, guv'nor.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Right... we'll go again, please.
text: Matthew to ad lib instructions to actors and crew. He
text: notices James.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: James, good, you made it. We're
dialog: just going to do one more take,
dialog: then we'll break for lunch.
text: The commercial is set up and shot again, with Matthew
text: continuing to give ad libbed directions. As soon as the
text: take is over, Matthew snatches his jacket, gives a quick
text: kiss to a young woman who could well be his current lover,
text: and steers James out of the studio.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Right, James. Come on. Let's go
dialog: before the clients get hold of me.
scene_heading: INT. PUB - DAY
text: Lunch time. Matthew stands at the bar where he is buying
text: drinks and lunch. Then the two men sit at a small table
text: face to face.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: I'll tell you another thing. We
dialog: might have led the world once into
dialog: the Industrial Revolution, now we
text: lead with television commercials.
dialog: We're the best, it's as simple as
dialog: that. Even the Americans will
dialog: admit it now ... the camera work,
dialog: the acting, the scripts, special
dialog: effects. We've got the lot. Nearly
dialog: all the good directors here have
dialog: ambitions to make serious films.
dialog: (a sudden laugh)
dialog: That food you're eating.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: What would you call it?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I dunno. Ploughman's Lunch.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Ploughman's Lunch. Traditional
dialog: English fare.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: U-huh.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: In fact it's the invention of an
dialog: advertising campaign they ran in
dialog: the early sixties to encourage
dialog: people to eat in pubs. A completely
dialog: successful fabrication of the past,
text: the Ploughman's Lunch was.
text: We look at James's plate, the unappetising food. Matthew
text: takes a long drink.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Listen, James. There's something
dialog: else I want to talk to you about.
text: Matthew pauses.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: I'm pretty broadminded, and I'd
dialog: rather be frank than have everybody
dialog: misunderstanding one another. If
dialog: you see what I mean.
dialog: James does not.
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: Susan told me that your visits to
dialog: Norfolk had ... well, an ulterior
dialog: motive.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: She said that?
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: You weren't really interested in
dialog: Suez at all. Incredibly enough,
dialog: you were interested in my wife.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Now listen...
speaker_heading: MATTHEW
dialog: No, no, let me go on before you
dialog: get the wrong idea. Ann and I
dialog: have kept to our separate bedrooms
dialog: for the last three years. And I
dialog: can't imagine that Susan hasn't
dialog: hinted at the kind of life I lead
dialog: in London. I'm not telling you
dialog: how to run your affairs. I'm just
dialog: saying ... I don't mind. I'm giving
dialog: you permission.
dialog: 
text: We are CLOSE IN on James's reaction.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S CAR - EARLY MORNING
text: James drives towards Susan's flat. Jeremy sprawls in the
text: back seat, slowly peeling the foil from a champagne bottle.
text: Both are well-dressed. As they draw up outside Susan's
text: flat, Jeremy leans forward and murmurs in James's ear.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Still in love?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm not sure.
text: He presses the horn and gets out. Jeremy gets out too.
text: Susan comes down the steps. She is also smartly dressed.
text: She kisses James. He takes her small suitcase and puts it
text: in the boot. She kisses Jeremy.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Darling Susan. You look like an
dialog: angel. But where's your hat?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh no!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: They won't let you in without one.
text: James hands Susan into the front seat.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Brighton, James!
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON STREET - DAY
text: The car slips through the London traffic.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S CAR - DAY
text: In the car, a few minutes later. Much hilarity. Susan is
text: holding a glass ready as Jeremy eases out the cork.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't point it at James!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Voila!
text: The cork flies. The champagne is poured. Susan hands a
dialog: glass to James.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: To the ninety-ninth conference of
dialog: the National Union of Conservative
dialog: and Unionist Associations!
text: All repeat the toast with various stumbling inaccuracies.
scene_heading: INT. CAR PARK, BRIGHTON - DAY
text: James drives into a multi-storey car park. Jeremy gets
text: out of the car and goes to look at the view which is of
text: modern office developments.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Hah - the seaside! Isn't it
dialog: heavenly!
text: Susan joins Jeremy.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Gorgeous.
text: Jeremy is taking out his Press Pass and pinning it to his
dialog: lapel.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What have you got there?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: You'd look naked without one.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, yes! Where's mine? I want to
dialog: look like you.
text: James joins them. There follows a little charade of mock
dialog: sympathy.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What about James?
text: Jeremy and Susan chorus a sympathetic moan.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: We'll see what we can do.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Promise.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIGHTON PROMENADE - DAY
text: James, Jeremy and Susan walk along the promenade and cross
text: the road towards the Grand Hotel. The Conference Centre
text: is visible and so too are the POLICE and DEMONSTRATORS.
text: Jeremy has linked arms with Susan. James lags behind a
text: little. Jeremy tells a joke, barely audible above the
text: SOUND of TRAFFIC and the CHANTS of the PROTESTORS. Susan
text: giggles as she and Jeremy skip forward to dodge the traffic.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, GRAND HOTEL - DAY
text: The lobby is crowded with DELEGATES, MPs, PRESS and TV
speaker_heading: PEOPLE.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: There goes my deep throat. Excuse
dialog: me.
text: Jeremy darts away. Susan is looking about her.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Shall we have a drink or something?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh ... excuse me. There's Nicholas.
text: James is left.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL BALCONY - AFTERNOON
text: DELEGATES and MPs, and MEDIA PEOPLE, are taking tea on the
text: long balcony of the Grand Hotel. Jeremy is interviewing
text: an MP. James and Susan sit at the same table listening.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Then, the theory goes, you'll be
text: back in favour. In line for a
dialog: real job. Is that right?
speaker_heading: MP
dialog: Well, it's a theory ... interesting.
dialog: Oh, excuse me, there's Willy.
text: The MP makes off.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I want to see him too.
text: Jeremy leaves. James comes and sits closer to Susan.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We don't seem to get much time to
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I know. I'm sorry.
text: An announcement comes through on the hotel's P.A.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Miss Susan Barrington, Miss Susan
dialog: Barrington. A phone call for you.
text: Susan makes a half-hearted apologetic gesture and leaves.
text: As she goes she passes Jeremy who holds a Press Pass for
text: James. He kneels by James's chair and pins the card to
text: his lapel.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: General Sir James Penfield ...
dialog: services during the Norfolk
dialog: campaign.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFERENCE CENTRE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The three walk towards the Conference Centre, along the
text: gauntlet of PROTESTORS and ONLOOKERS. Among them are Carmen
text: and Betty, holding a placard which says 'Women's Peace
text: Camp'. They catch sight of James. Some puzzled
text: recognition. James hurries away from the women and through
text: the doors into the Centre.
scene_heading: INT. PRESS BALCONY, CONFERENCE CENTRE - DAY
text: James, Susan and Jeremy come onto the Press balcony and
text: find their seats while FRANCIS PYM delivers a speech.
speaker_heading: PYM
dialog: It was they who rebuffed aggression,
dialog: they who struck such a powerful
dialog: blow for democracy .. .
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: I managed to book us a table at
dialog: Wheelers.
speaker_heading: PYM
dialog: I believe this will prove of wider
dialog: significance even than the event
dialog: itself. We were seen to be fighting
dialog: to defend principles which are
dialog: fundamental to free nations
dialog: everywhere, and our reputation has
dialog: been enhanced as a result.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: Francis is in cracking form, don't
dialog: you think?
scene_heading: INT. BAR - EARLY EVENING
text: James, Jeremy and Susan. Journalists, delegates etc.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (triumphant, excited)
dialog: It was incredible. He came back,
dialog: made a pompous little bow and said,
dialog: 'My dear girl you may film me all
dialog: afternoon if you wish.' And he's
dialog: promised not to talk to the Press.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It's because he desires you. The
dialog: women get all the breaks at these
dialog: conferences.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It's true! I was here last year
dialog: doing a piece, remember? I was in
dialog: the bar with all these Northern
dialog: trade unionists and their sponsored
dialog: MPs. They were all incredibly fat
text: and beery, huge trousers and braces.
dialog: And so sweet. They all stood round
dialog: me like children saying 'You!
dialog: Working for television? You're
dialog: just a young thing.' They wouldn't
dialog: let me buy drinks even when I told
dialog: them the programme was paying.
dialog: They kept looking at my pass which
dialog: was pinned here and saying
dialog: (Mock Yorkshire.)
dialog: 'Oo, can I?'
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Then one of them was sick all over
dialog: your new dress.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No, he wasn't. He just lowered
text: himself into a bar stool and said...
dialog: (Yorkshire)
dialog: 'Oo I do feel bad. I 'ad three
dialog: pints of lager and six onion
dialog: bajees!'
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I've got to go. See you at dinner.
text: She kisses them both. They watch her go. Their different
dialog: expressions.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Six onion bajees! Great girl.
dialog: (then, confidential)
dialog: Did you shake the mother off?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes, finally.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Big mistake, I think. You might
dialog: have learned a lot.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (sudden)
dialog: Are you up to something?
text: Jeremy shrugs innocently and shows his empty hands.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE CENTRE - DAY
text: James wanders through the Centre in search of Susan. He
text: enters the debating chamber. MICHAEL HESELTINE is
text: addressing the Conference. James wanders out to the space
text: below the platform where journalists and photographers are
text: gathered. He goes up the aisles between the seated
text: delegates. No sign of Susan. He leaves the chamber.
speaker_heading: HESELTINE
dialog: ....left-wing councils employ labour
dialog: candidates in the paid voluntary
dialog: sector. We now face a professional
dialog: left financed at the ratepayer's
dialog: and tax payer's expense! Just
dialog: more money is not a solution in
dialog: itself. As we have given more
dialog: money to the professional left...
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, CONFERENCE CENTRE. DAY
text: Much later. James crosses the crowded lobby, still in
dialog: search of Susan.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS, CONFERENCE CENTRE - DAY
text: James climbs the stairs to the Press balcony. He hears
text: Mrs Thatcher's voice, and from the street below, the
text: chanting of protestors.
speaker_heading: THATCHER (O.S.)
dialog: This is not going to be a speech
dialog: about the Falklands campaign,
dialog: although I would be proud to make
dialog: one. But I want to say just this
dialog: because it is true for all our
dialog: people.
scene_heading: INT. PRESS BALCONY - DAY
text: James passes through the doors and finds a seat.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: The spirit of the South Atlantic
dialog: was the spirit of Britain at her
dialog: best. It has been said that we
dialog: surprised the world, that British
dialog: patriotism was rediscovered in
dialog: those spring days. Mr President,
dialog: it was never really lost!
text: James suddenly notices Susan down on the lower floor. She
text: passes through the doors and is gone. James gets to his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: But it would be no bad thing if
dialog: the feeling that swept over the
dialog: country then were to continue to
dialog: inspire us. But if there was any
dialog: doubt about the determination of
dialog: the British people...
text: Jeremy and Susan come through the doors onto the Press
text: balcony. James stops. They have not seen him. He watches
text: as they stand together. Clearly a new intimacy has been
dialog: established.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: ... it was removed by men and women
dialog: who a few months ago brought a
dialog: renewed sense of pride and self-
dialog: respect to our country.
text: Jeremy kisses the nape of Susan's neck. They are not
text: interested in staying for the speech. James watches stonily
text: as they leave.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: They were for the most part young.
dialog: Let all of us here, and in the
dialog: wider audience outside, pause and
dialog: reflect...
text: Numbed, James returns to his seat.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: ...on what we who stayed at home
dialog: owe to those who sailed and fought
dialog: and lived and died and won. If
dialog: this is tomorrow's generation,
dialog: then Britain has little to fear in
dialog: the years to come!
text: Mix to the last sentence of the Prime Minister's speech.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: We will tell the people the truth,
dialog: and the people will be our judge!
text: James sits through the standing ovation. The delegates
text: cheer, Land of Hope and Glory' is sung. James chews his
dialog: nails.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE CENTRE - DAY
text: Hours later. WORKMEN are dismantling the platforms, taking
text: away props, taking down the Conference backdrop and slogans.
text: In LONG-SHOT we SEE Jeremy making his way between the rows
text: of chairs. James pursues him enraged, shouting. The ad
text: libbed obscenity can barely be heard.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIGHTON SEA FRONT - DUSK
dialog: James and Jeremy.
text: James's rage is spent. It has collapsed into bitterness.
text: The two men stop under a street lamp.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Susan and I are very old friends,
dialog: James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck off.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: And you were obviously getting
dialog: nowhere with her. I was waiting
dialog: for the right moment to tell you
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: My God. You even cooked up that
dialog: Norfolk trip.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: It might have worked. Really. I
dialog: would have been delighted for you
dialog: if it had. But she wasn't
dialog: interested. Not my fault.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You're a piece of shit
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I've known Susan for more than
dialog: fifteen years. James, we're old
dialog: allies.
text: At this last word, James looks up. Jeremy walks away.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S FLAT - DAY
text: A few weeks later. We don't see James. We SEE and HEAR
text: words pounding onto the PAGE. A fury in the typing. The
text: page is pulled clear. SILENCE. We STAY ON the TYPEWRITER.
scene_heading: INT. BBC NEWSROOM - DAY
text: James is leaving in a hurry. He pulls on a thick overcoat,
text: gathers up some papers, ignores someone who calls after
text: him as he leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. LANGHAM PLACE - DAY
text: James leaves Broadcasting House and walks towards Oxford
dialog: Circus.
scene_heading: INT. GOLD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Gold stands by his desk as James comes in, pouring two
text: glasses of wine.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: James... I can't begin to tell you
dialog: how pleased we all are.
dialog: (he hands James a
dialog: glass)
dialog: Congratulations, and I really mean
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: GOLD
dialog: It's everything we wanted. A very
dialog: good read. A terrific piece of
dialog: work. So, here's to you and Suez.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And to history.
text: CLOSE IN, the glasses touch.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETARY - DAY
text: A group of mourners round a grave. A grey day. A priest
text: reads from the Book of Common Prayer, but his voice is
text: virtually lost to us. We find James's father, hunched in
text: his overcoat, face immobile with grief. Next to him, James,
text: expressionless.
text: James glances at his watch.
scene_heading: FREEZE FRAME. OPTICAL ZOOM.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
