dialog: The Beaver
dialog: by
dialog: Kyle Killen
dialog: 5/8/08
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: WALTER, mid 40’s, vacant, lies in bed fully dressed in a suit
dialog: and tie.
text: The voice we hear belongs to THE BEAVER. He has a crisp
dialog: English accent.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: This is a picture of Walter Black,
text: a hopelessly depressed individual.
dialog: He wants you to know he’s tried
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE:
text: CLOSE ON a shelf of SELF HELP TITLES. Walter pulls down
scene_heading: DUMPING DEPRESSION.
text: CLOSE ON a medicine cabinet full of prescriptions. Walter
text: pops some pills.
text: WALTER CHANTS and pounds as part of a drum circle.
text: WALTER SOBS on a park bench.
text: WALTER HITS himself with a belt but refuses to show emotion.
text: WALTER POPS more pills.
text: WALTER READS from THE RAINBOW INSIDE.
text: WALTER LAYS on a couch, speaking to his therapist.
text: WALTER STARES into a hypnotist’s pocketwatch.
text: WALTER POPS a whole handful of pills.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON a night stand where a copy of SIX STEPS TO A NEW YOU
text: lies open. In bed beside it, Walter sleeps.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But, mostly what he does is sleep.
text: An ALARM goes off. He slaps it dead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: WALTER GETS into bed. It’s still daylight. Kids play outside.
text: WALTER SLEEPS on a couch, mid-afternoon.
text: WALTER SLEEPS at his desk.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: He prefers to call it siesta. He
dialog: dreams of islands with bright
text: buildings and wandering dogs.
text: WALTER SLEEPS in his car.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O. + (CONT'D)
text: Places where the Dursuit of slumber
dialog: is a local custom.
text: WALTER SLEEPS in a fast food restaurant. A WORKER pokes him.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: Rather than a sign of intractable
dialog: clinical depression.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE
text: Walter sits at his desk. He stares at a photo of his family.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.
dialog: Two things keep Walter from
dialog: sleeping forever.
text: CLOSE ON the photo. Walter, the wife, two boys. More on them
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: One is his family, which sleeps
dialog: only at night and regards those who
dialog: do otherwise with suspicion.
text: NEW ANGLE reveals that the room is full of people.
text: On the far wall, THE VP, late 30’s, sharp, motions to a
text: chart. All the lines aim down. All the eyes turn to Walter.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The other is that he’s the CEO of a
dialog: once-proud toy company-
speaker_heading: FLASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. FINE RESTAURANT —- NIGHT
text: DAVY CONYERS, former CEO sits across from an ESCORT. Davy
text: starts to CHOKE.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: - whose founder died unexpectedly,
dialog: and left Walter in charge.
text: Davy goes face down on the table. THUD.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
text: Walter’s since led them to the edge
dialog: of bankruptcy.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CAFETERIA
text: HENRY, adorable, fragile- tooking third grader, sits alone
text: staring straight ahead while other kids TALK and play.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.
dialog: What he’s done to the company is
text: just the start. His depression is
text: an ink that stains all who touch
text: him. A black hole that swallows all
dialog: who get near.
text: A wad of mashed potatoes SPLATS next to Henry. Other kids
text: LAUGH. If Henry notices, he doesn’t show it.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: Henry, his youngest, has become,
dialog: what his teachers call, ‘hermit
dialog: like’.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: PORTER, cute but wild haired emo teen, sits at his desk,
text: reading. tBhe books around him have titles’ like: DNA=DESTINY?
text: He stares into a notebook labeled JOURNAL OF SIMILARITIES.
dialog: It’s some sort of list with fifty something items like:
text: Fingernail Digging, Whistle Breathing, Finger-Chin Tap.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.
text: Porter, his oldest, has begun to
dialog: openly lobby for a divorce...
text: We push past Porter towards his wall where there’s a deep,
text: head_sized dent in the drywall. We close in on the hole.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: PUSH_IN on the refrigerator, where photos of two different
text: middle aged bachelors are stuck with magnets.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: and leave hints that his mother
dialog: could easily find a replacement.
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: MEREDITH, late 30’s with late 20’s looks, WEEPS among women
text: who practically have Soccer Mom tattooed on their foreheads.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: Meredith, his wife, has clung to
dialog: hope that he’1l one day wake up,
dialog: snap out of it.
text: She reaches into her purse for a tissue, but ends up with
text: another of Porter’s bachelor photos. She puts it back, takes
text: a napkin from one of the ladies.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM
text: Walter is laying in bed, dressed as we first found him.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: But he hasn’t. And she’s finally
dialog: decided that he is a weight she and
text: the kids can no longer carry.
text: Meredith appears in the doorway. Walter looks over at her. He
dialog: gets it.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS:
text: CLOSE ON the self help books being packed into a box.
text: CLOSE ON the medications being swept into another box.
text: CLOSE on the boxes being loaded into a packed trunk. The lid
text: is closed, revealing a car stuffed to the gills.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V-0-) (CONT'D)
text: She does the only thing left to do-
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S CAR
text: Walter gets in. He looks into his side mirror and sees
text: Meredith CRYING in the driveway behind him. He turns.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: - and says the only thing left to
dialog: say.
scene_heading: EXT. WALTER'S HOUSE - DAY
dialog: Their eyes connect. It’s awkward. Do you wave when you’re
text: being thrown out? He begins to massage his eyebrows with his
text: thumb and forefinger.
text: Finally, he puts the car in drive. She crosses her arms,
text: swallows her tears. As she watches him drive away...
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: Goodbye.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL LIBRARY
text: Porter sits across from JARED, a confused athletic type.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Cc minus!
text: Porter grabs a paper off the desk, waves it at Jared.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Jared, you're failing the class.
dialog: And this writing sample could
dialog: probably get you committed in
dialog: several states. You really think
dialog: you can suddenty hand in an A paper
dialog: and get away with it?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: But I can get a fucking C-!
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Excellent. Good luck to you.
text: Porter starts to leave.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: What about Hector? You just got him
dialog: an A in Family Development.
text: Porter starts to massage his eyebrows exactly as we saw
text: Walter do. Realizing it, he suddentl, stops and disciplines
text: himself by SNAPPING a big rubber band on his wrist.
text: Frustrated, he takes out his Journal of Similarities
text: notebook. As he adds Massaging Eyebrows to the list...
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’ve never written anything for
dialog: Hector. If he told you different
dialog: he’s a_liar.
dialog: (closing his notebook)
dialog: But hypothetically, if I had
dialog: written Hector an A paper, it
dialog: certainly wouldn’t have been right
text: out of the box. Hypothetically, he
dialog: would have come_to me a long time
dialog: ago, and we would have raised his
dialog: rades incrementally. And he would
dialog: ave been responsible for
text: memorizing the facts in the papers
dialog: I wrote so that he wouldn’t miss
dialog: test questions over the same
dialog: information. And if that had
dialog: happened, then yes, he might have
dialog: turned in an A paper and he might
dialog: even be making a solid B in a class
dialog: he used to be failing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: So, if someone else was asking me
dialog: to do this for them, to not only
dialog: write them a paper, but to do it as
text: them, with their voice, at their
dialog: skill level, then I would say that
dialog: they could either do it my way or
dialog: they could take their chances
dialog: buying some piece of shit off the
dialog: internet.
text: Jared thinks this over.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: 150 every time?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (sing-song)
dialog: Responsible regulars receive
dialog: reduced rates.
text: Porter slides a book across the table. Jared SIGHS. He opens
text: it, puts $150 in and slides it back. Porter nods and stands.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I gotta pass this class to graduate
dialog: you know?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Wilkins, from your team last year?
dialog: The one who thought the words
dialog: igneous and ignorant were
dialog: interchangeable? Where’s he now?
speaker_heading: JARED
text: Playing for OSU.
text: Porter nods.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You’ll get the grades. All you have
dialog: to do is make people believe
dialog: they’re yours.
text: Porter walks away.
dialog: NORAH, cheerleader outfit, the kind of girl you're either
text: hopelessly in love with, hopelessly jealous of, or both,
text: breaks away from friends to catch up.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Norah glides in beside him.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Hey.
text: Porter’s look says they don’t normally talk. He keeps moving.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Hey?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: What? I can’t say hey to you?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You can, you just never have.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Well, I’m... sorry.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Really? I’m not.
text: Without warning, Porter stops at his locker. She takes a few
text: steps before realizing it. She comes back. He seems annoyed.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Seriously, what do you want?
text: She’s taken aback by the hostility. A beat.
speaker_heading: NORAH ; ;
dialog: I... need you to write something.
speaker_heading: Porter LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I knew it. Is this what passes for
dialog: undercover around here? You’re the
dialog: fucking valedictorian. He reall
dialog: thinks I’m going to fall for this?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Mumphry, or whichever vice
dialog: principal sent you. You tell him
dialog: I’m insulted.
text: Porter closes his locker, starts away. She grabs him.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Hey! Will you hold on for a second?
text: Porter grudgingly stops.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: No one sent me. I really need help.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You have a 4.0. I’m eight places
dialog: behind - ou in the class rank. I
dialog: copy. O: ygu in calculus. Why on
dialog: Babin’ wou d you want me to write
dialog: you a paper?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: It’s not a paper.
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: It's... my graduation speech.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Look, I don’t usually say this, but
dialog: save your money « No one pays
dialog: attention to those things.
text: He starts to go. She grabs him again.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Yeah, well, my parents will be
dialog: paying attention, so... I hear, not
dialog: that_I’m saying you write other
dialog: eople’s papers, but if you did, I
dialog: ear you really make yourself sound
dialog: like them. Get? in their heads.
dialog: That’s what I need.
text: Porter considers this. A long beat.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’d need some samples and-
text: She quickly hands him a paper from her bag.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I have this now and I can get you
dialog: more by tomorrow.
text: Porter looks at the paper.
speaker_heading: PORTER
text: I see one i dotted with a heart and
dialog: we're done.
text: He starts away.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: You really copy off me in calculus?
dialog: Without looking back...
speaker_heading: PORTER |
dialog: Don’t forget to bring cash.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - DAY
text: Meredith waits in SUV gridlock outside the elementary school.
text: She scans the crowd but can’t find Henry.
text: Suddenly, the passenger door opens and, seemingly from
text: nowhere, petite Henry hoists himself in.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You passed me again.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I was looking.
text: Henry shrugs. His
dialog: to drive.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: How was your day?
text: Another shrug.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you talk to anyone?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: New person or old person?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: New.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Good. What did you talk about?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: He said I was a ball licker and I
dialog: told him I wasn’t and he threw me
text: in the dumpster.
text: Meredith is aghast. Henry shows no emotion.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: What! Did you tell your teacher?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: She got me out of the dumpster.
text: demeanor is very quiet, flat. As she starts
text: Meredith suppresses her urge to cry as if she’s been trained,
text: calms her voice, and says something that sounds rehearsed.
text: Henry nods as if he’s also heard
dialog: She looks
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: This is why the doctor wants you_to
dialog: focus on coming out of your shell.
dialog: When you spend so much time alone,
dialog: the other kids see you as a target.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Is Dad gone?
text: it before. A silent beat.
text: at him, trying to measure how he feels about this
text: Henry gives nothing away.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: He’s not gone dear. We just agreed
dialog: that it’s better for us all if we
dialog: don't live together anymore.
dialog: §eeat)
dialog: How does that make you feel?
dialog: 10.
text: Henry shrugs.
scene_heading: EXT. LIQOUR STORE - EVENING
text: Walter comes out with two large bags of CLINKING liquor. When
text: he gets to the car he realizes there’s no room for them.
text: CLOSE ON Walter’s trunk being opened.
text: CLOSE ON a dumpster. Boxes are tossed in. We see that they’re
text: the ones full of self help books and medication.
text: Clothes follow. Files. Awards. Yearbooks. A set of golf
dialog: clubs.
text: NEW ANGLE shows Walter emptying the final items out of the
text: backseat. He throws them in the dumpster.
text: Walter stares at what he’s done, his life mixed in with the
text: garbage. He looks sleepy.
text: He leaves, then stops, slowly comes back, eyeing something.
text: ANGLE ON the garbage reveals a half buried BEAVER PUPPET, its
text: large plastic eyes staring out from under some refuse.
text: Walter squints, then reaches for it. It turns out to have a
text: large bushy tail and big happy grin. He holds it up.
text: He and the beaver seem to stare blankly at one another for a
text: long time, as if each reading a story in the other’s eyes.
text: CLOSE ON the trunk again as the two large bags full of liquor
text: are tossed into the now empty space.
dialog: A beat, then....
text: The beaver puppet is tossed in too. The lid SLAMS down.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - EVENING
text: ANGLE ON the bed as we hear the DOOR OPEN, the BOTTLES being
text: set on the ground.
text: Suddenly Walter falls into bed with his shoes on. He pulls a
text: pillow over his head. He sleeps.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is a wreck. Sheets, clothes, empty bottles.
text: ANGLE ON a bottle of sleeping pills, opened and half gone. We
text: follow a trail of the little pink pills until we come to...
dialog: 11.
text: WALTER, sitting on the floor shooting whiskey straight, the
text: beaver puppet now on his left hand. He’s WEEPING.
text: On the TV, Alan Thicke is having a heart to heart with Kirk
text: Cameron in a GROWING PAINS episode...
speaker_heading: ALAN THICKE
dialog: (on tv)
dialog: This is a very special place Mike.
dialog: My father built this cabin by hand.
speaker_heading: KIRK CAMERON
dialog: (on tv)
dialog: Wow! No tools or anything? Cool!
text: This seems very profound to Walter. Still CRYING, he LAUGHS
text: along with the audience and moves toward the TV, hugs it.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (drunk)
dialog: Beautiful.
text: He takes a shot of whiskey and then pours some on the screen
text: as if pouring it down Alan Thicke’s throat.
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: There you go.
text: ANGLE ON the TV again as Walter continues pouring whiskey on
text: the screen. Alan and Kirk hug.
text: Something breaks in Walter. He drops the bottle.
text: A dong beat as he looks around the room, his face suddenly
dialog: ank.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM
text: Walter has fashioned a necktie into a noose around the shower
dialog: rod.
text: He SOBS as he steps up onto the edge of the bathtub, knees
text: bent, and tightens it around his neck.
text: He takes a few deep breaths and closes his eyes. A long beat.
text: He inches his feet to the very edge of the bathtub and then,
text: finally, lets them slip off.
text: His weight drops onto the noose, but it suspends him for
text: barely a second before the whole rod comes down, dropping him
text: into the tub backwards with a tremendous CRASH.
text: His feet hang out of the tub, the rest of him invisible,
dialog: motionless.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: SILENCE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: ANGLE ON the shower rod as it DRAGS across the carpet.
text: Reveal Walter, still fastened to the rod by his tie, trudging
text: toward the balcony. Drops of blood dot the back of his shirt.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL BALCONY/INT. HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Walter puts a chair next to the railing, climbs UP. He takes
text: rickety steps up until he’s balanced very tenuously on the
text: edge of the railing.
text: He looks down, a solid ten stories.
text: The tie pulling at his neck, the shower rod hanging behind
text: him, BANGING against the balcony in the breeze, he looks
text: resigned. A GUST of wind almost tips him forward.
text: He takes a breath, seems to decide he’s ready. He raises his
text: arms as if to swan dive.
text: And then suddenly, he catches a glimpse of the beaver puppet
text: on his left hand. He eyes it as if he’d forgotten all about
text: it. He brings it close. They stare one another down.
text: As he stares, he starts to tip forward, about to fall, but at
text: the last moment, he overcorrects and instead tips backward
text: toward the room.
text: He falls over the chair and through the open door, CRASHING
text: into the dresser before falling backward onto the ground.
text: A quiet beat until we notice that the shower rod has gotten
text: wrapped around the TV and is slowly pulling it toward the
text: edge of the dresser, just above the seemingly unconscious
dialog: Walter.
text: A beat, and then the TV tips off, landing flat on Walter’s
text: head with a MEATY THUD.
scene_heading: SILENCE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BLACK KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Meredith, Porter, and Henry eat at the table. The awkwardness
dialog: indicates this is not a regular thing.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad you
dialog: kicked him out. But the whole
text: eating at the table in response to
dialog: family drama thing? I mean, how
dialog: long do you see us keeping this up?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I don’t know. How about until we
dialog: start treating one another with
dialog: some respect? And asking each other
dialog: about our day. And you two start
dialog: Saying yes ma’am and no ma’am. And
dialog: helping with the dishes. And-
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Maybe I should get a paper route
dialog: too.
text: A long beat then...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Meredith, Henry, and Porter sit with their dinner in their
text: laps watching The Daily Show. Only Jon Stewart speaks.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: Walter blinks awake on the floor. The TV is flat against his
text: face, iiterally sitting on his head. Between it and the
text: carpet his field of vision is narrow.
text: Suddenly, he raises his left arm so the beaver puppet is all
text: he can see. A long beat, then...
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Hello, mate.
text: When The Beaver speaks, we recognize the crisp accent from
text: the narration.
text: Walter’s lips still move, so there’s no confusion about where
text: the sound actually comes from, but for a hand puppet, The
text: Beaver is strangely animated.
text: When Walter speaks, it’s in his own tired, groggy voice, so
text: a spite one of them being a puppet, they seem to be
text: having a real back and forth conversation.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Bloody hell. Look at you. Stone
text: drunk and flattened by a
dialog: television.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Quite an obituary you’re working
dialog: out for yourself, yeah?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Leave me alone.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: You know what your problem is,
dialog: Walter? You don’t know when to give
dialog: up. Chicken Soup, Seven Habits, How
dialog: To Win Friends. Which one has the
dialog: chapter about dropping a TV on your
dialog: ead?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Please, just let me rest.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Library for losers, that’s what
dialog: you've got mate. Books, pills,
dialog: promises, resolutions. You were
dialog: ugging Alan Thicke for God's sake.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I’m sick.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Now on that we agree. The question
dialog: is, do you want to get better?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Of course, but-
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I know, you're
text: depressed. Lethargic. Anhedonia.
dialog: Family can’t even stand you anymore
dialog: and yet you can’t seem to snap out
dialog: of it, yeah?
text: A beat. Walter nods slightly despite the TV on his head.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: You're going about it all wron
dialog: mate. These books and pills an
dialog: shit, they’re cotton candy - You get
dialog: a little Sugar rush and then,
dialog: hello, you realize you’re still the
dialog: same stupid fuck who tries to hug
text: televisions and hang himself from
dialog: shower rods. Your problem is you've
dialog: seen too many ho} home improvement
dialog: shows. You thin ou knock out a
dialog: wall, change the rapes, everything
dialog: will be back in order. Doesn’t wor!
dialog: that way. This thing, it’s like
dialog: back hair. You cut it, it just
text: grows back thicker.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: You want things to change, really
dialog: change, you got to nuke it. Forget
dialog: home repairs, Walter. If you want
dialog: to get anywhere you! ve got_to blow
dialog: up the whole goddamned building.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I don’t know how to do that.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Well, I do Walter. I do. And I can
dialog: help you if you let me.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I... yes... please.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: It’s not going to be easy You
dialog: understand? You have to trust me.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Yes. Please. Just, just... blow it
dialog: up. Blow it up.
text: Walter is starting to WEEP again.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Come on now, stay with me. You
dialog: can’t just toss a bunch of dynamite
dialog: and run. We gotta bring everything
dialog: down clean so when we’re done, we
dialog: can put something new in its place.
dialog: You understand? Now, do you still
dialog: have your laptop, or did you
dialog: rubbish it?
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: I’m The Beaver, Walter. I’m here to
dialog: save your goddamned life.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - AFTERNOON
text: Porter is in the stands reading GENETIC PSYCHOLOGY TODAY as
text: Norah is practicing with the cheerleaders on the floor.
text: The COACH calls a break. Norah splits from the others, grabs
text: her bags and moves up to where Porter is.
text: He closes the magazine. She looks at it.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Genetic Psychology Today?
dialog: 16.
text: He puts the magazine into his bag.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Bookstore was out of US Weekly.
text: He digs her sample out of his bag. He hands it back. She’s
dialog: surprised.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: You don’t need it anymore? I
dialog: brought others-—
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’m not doing it.
text: She’s stunned.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: What? Why?
text: He starts speak, but stops suddenly. He hears something. A
text: faint WHISTLE each time he exhales.
text: He mashes at his nose until it goes away, then SNAPS the
text: rubber band on his wrist and continues.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Because that’s an excellent paper.
dialog: You're an excellent writer. Which
dialog: means that the only reason for me
dialog: to do this would be because you
dialog: can’t be bothered to do it
dialog: yourself. I’m sure shaking pom poms
dialog: and being anorexic is a ful
dialog: schedule, I bet if you pot your
dialog: mind to it, you can work this in.
text: He stands, gathers his things.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Wait a minute.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You know, it’s one thing to get by
dialog: on your looks when it’s all you've
dialog: got. But for someone like you it’s
dialog: gust lazy. If you’re stuck for a
dialog: opic, maybe you should just go
dialog: with that. Short skirts, nose jobs,
dialog: and get someone else to do it.
dialog: Worked for me, kids!
text: He starts to go. Norah looks floored. The Coach yells from
text: the gym floor.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: Norah! Let’s go!
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Hold on!
dialog: 17.
text: She SLAMS her bag on the ground, starts pulling out papers.
text: She slaps them on the ground.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Does that look lazy to you?
text: Porter stops. Turns. She keeps pulling more, stacking them.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I write 10 page papers in an hour
dialog: and half for easy A’s.
text: The stack keeps growing, heading for War and Peace territory.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you have any idea how many times
dialog: I've tried to write this stupid
dialog: thing?
text: She throws a last set on top.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s 428 pages of lazy. That’s
dialog: six months of lazy. That’s 63
dialog: different opening jokes, famous
dialog: uotes, and follow your rainbow
dialog: inspirational bullshit of lazy!
text: The whole Squad is watching from the floor. Porter is clearly
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (starting to tear up)
dialog: I’ve worked harder and longer on
dialog: this stupid pointless speech with
dialog: less to show for it than anythin
dialog: I’ve ever done in my life. And i
dialog: ou don’t want to take my money
dialog: ecause of some insecuri’ based
dialog: bullshit, then fine. But Son’t you
dialog: dare call me fucking lazy.
text: She hurls her bag at his feet and heads down the stairs,
text: returning to the wide eyed squad. As she goes...
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Asshole.
text: Porter looks stunned, embarrassed. He eyes the stack of
text: papers by his feet.
text: The faint WHISTLE in his breathing returns.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - DAY
text: Meredith scans the elementary kids again. She reaches the
text: TEACHER at the end of the line. She rolls down her window.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I’m sorry. He just blends in. I
text: must have missed him again.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: No, Mr. Black already got him.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter?
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Said he sent you a text? Quite a
dialog: character.
dialog: That doesn’t sound like...
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: You're sure it was Walter?
text: Someone HONKS. The teacher moves on. Meredith checks her
text: phone. Sure enough, there’s a text.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY / INT. GARAGE - AFTERNOON
text: Meredith wheels into the driveway, opens the garage door.
text: As it rises she sees Henry, bent over a workbench surrounded
text: by wood, sawdust, and tools.
text: When he sees her, he looks up, beaming. He seems like an
dialog: entirely different kid.
text: As Meredith gets out he runs toward her.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Mom, mom. You gotta see what we
dialog: did! Come on!
text: She’s stunned by his excitement. He takes her hand, starts
dialog: pulling.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Okay, okay.
text: As he’s dragging her toward the workbench...
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is your father?
text: Henry doesn’t hear her. Instead, he picks up a simple, but
text: impressive, wooden box. He hands it to her.
speaker_heading: HENRY ,
dialog: You put your memory in it.
text: She looks it over, impressed, confused. It strikes her as a
dialog: little nice to have come from her garage.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Where did this come from?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We made it.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: You and your dad?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Me and The Beaver.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: The beaver?
text: Just then, Walter steps from the house into the garage, a
text: smile as rare and bright as Henry’s on his face. He seems
text: genuinely excited to see her.
text: But before he speaks, Walter raises his left hand revealing
text: the beaver puppet.
text: The Beaver does the talking.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Hello, love. Was just about to call
dialog: you. Any idea where Walter stuffed
dialog: the power sander you gave him two
dialog: Christmases ago?
text: Meredith is stunned into silence.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: No? No trouble. We’1ll make do.
dialog: (to Walter)
dialog: Give her the thing.
text: Walter hands her a 3x5 sized card with a message printed on
text: it. He then moves past her and joins Henry at the workbench.
text: Meredith looks at the card.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Hello. The person who handed you
dialog: this card is under the care ofa
dialog: prescription puppet designed to"
dialog: looking up at Walter)
dialog: Walter, what the hell is going on?
text: Walter and Henry begin sanding by hand.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Just some male bonding, love. The
dialog: boy here practically lemanded a
dialog: gentlemen’s club, but I won him
dialog: over with the promise of power
dialog: tools.
text: Henry LAUGHS. Meredith can’t help but gape at the rare sound.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I mean, what...
text: She moves closer to Walter, lowers her voice.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing here? We agreed.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Did Henry show you the box? Kid’s a
dialog: natural. I thought we’d nail a 2x4
dialog: to the wall, call it a shelf, but
dialog: the boy, he’s tongue and grove this
dialog: and miter saw that. I think his
text: head might be made out of wood.
text: He KNOCKS on Henry’s head as the boy continues to LAUGH, but
text: this time it’s not enough. Meredith wants answers.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter. Seriously.
text: Walter and The Beaver look at one another. The Beaver turns
dialog: to Henry.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Henry mate, why don’t you run
dialog: inside, see if you_can find that
dialog: varnish we were talking about.
text: Henry drops his sandpaper and takes off like a shot. Walter
text: and The Beaver turn to Meredith.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you read the card?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Yes, but-
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Read the card.
text: She raises the card again.
dialog: a MEREDITH ai
dialog: ru in readin:
dialog: weil? The person who Banded ou
dialog: this card is under the care ofa
dialog: prescription puppet designed to
dialog: elp create a psychological
dialog: distance between himself and the
dialog: negative aspects of his
dialog: personality. Please, treat him as
dialog: you normally would, but address
dialog: yourself to the puppet until such
dialog: time as it is no wit necessary.
dialog: Failure to do so wil eopardize
dialog: his hard won therapeutic gains.
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 21.
text: She looks up.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: There you go.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Is this some kind of joke?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Hardly, love it’s-
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Will you stop with the puppet!
text: Walter looks at The Beaver. The Beaver nods. Walter takes a
text: breath, lowers the puppet. His voice is much closer to the
text: tired monotone we heard earlier.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Happy?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: No, Walter. I’m very confused.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Meredith, this is a breakthrough.
dialog: He says that if I stick with it we
dialog: can knock down-
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Who says?
text: A long beat as Walter thinks about this one. He looks to The
dialog: Beaver for guidance. Finally...
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Dr. Macy.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Dr. Macy? I thought you quit seeing
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I went back.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: So this is some kind of... program?
text: Walter raises The Beaver again.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: I'll field that one. The answer is
dialog: yes, Meredith, that’s exactly what
dialog: it is. I know it seems radical, but
dialog: that’s because it has to be. In
dialog: cases like Walter’s, cases where
dialog: all else has failed, it’s proven
dialog: quite effective.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: But for it to work, he’s got to
dialog: really commit to cleaning
dialog: Earn and you house and starting
dialog: over, ou could g° a long way
dialog: toward faci litatin is progress if
dialog: you could just work with him on
dialog: this.
text: Meredith thinks on this for a second. She looks past The
text: Beaver and right at Walter.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: And he really thinks this will
dialog: work?
text: Walter slides The Beaver back into her eye line.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Absolutely. It’s very big in
dialog: Sweden.
text: She’s about to say more when Henry comes back from inside.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I can’t find it.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Not a problem, mate. What you say
dialog: we get this mess cleaned up? We’l1
dialog: worry with the varnish next time.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You’re not leaving are you?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER ;
dialog: Don’t worry, I’1l come round this
dialog: weekend, we'll finish it up.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No, you have to stay for dinner.
dialog: Mom, let him stay for dinner.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: That’s all right mate, I’1l-
text: Meredith looks at Henry’s pleading expression.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: It's okay. You... it’s okay. For
dialog: dinner.
text: Henry CHEERS. Meredith is still stunned by his demeanor.
text: Walter turns to her. He looks like he wants to say something,
text: but can’t. He just nods, then turns The Beaver to Henry.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Right then. Let’s clean up the
dialog: garage so we can make a mess in the
dialog: itchen, yeah?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah!
text: Walter joins Henry as Meredith stares, unsure whose
text: transformation to be more shocked by.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - EVENING
text: Porter enters, reading from the giant stack of papers that
text: Norah threw in front of him. He stops. He hears LAUGHTER.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Porter steps in to see Walter using The Beaver to toss a
text: salad, grabbing fistfuls in its jaws with little GROWLS.
text: Henry and Meredith LAUGH at this as they cook.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: What - the - fuck.
text: They all look up. Meredith stops jaughing. Before she can say
text: anything Walter turns The Beaver toward Porter.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Ah, there he is.
text: Walter moves as if he might hug Porter. Porter recoils, but
text: when Walter gets close, he simply hands over one of his
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: We were afraid we'd have to start
dialog: without you.
text: Porter reads the card silently. He looks up.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: This a joke, right?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: No, son, it’s a fresh start.
text: Porter gapes at The Beaver for a moment, then looks past him.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Have you completely lost your mind?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Well, I know it looks a little-
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’m not asking you, nut job. I’m
dialog: asking mom.
text: Meredith starts to say something but Porter cuts her off.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: It takes you ou to finally get
dialog: rid of him an ou let him come
text: back the next night with a talking
dialog: et
dialog: eat)
dialog: I knew you were weak, but Christ.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Porter-
text: But he’s already walked out.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The TV is on the Daily Show again.
text: NEW ANGLE reveals that Porter is the only one eating in front
dialog: of it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Walter, Henry, and Meredith are at the table. As they eat,
text: Meredith is clearly still smarting from Porter's words.
text: She focuses on the memory box which sits just in front of her
text: plate. As she handles it, she tries to put on a smile again.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I can’t believe you guys made this.
dialog: You never, I mean Walter never...
dialog: I’m sorry I’m not clear on how I’m
dialog: supposed to... address you.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: You're doing fine, love.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I mean, the tools were always on
dialog: your Christmas lists, but rT just
dialog: assumed it was a_hobby you’d never
dialog: actually start. I had no idea you
dialog: knew how to...
text: She indicates the box.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: He’s a beaver, mom, that’s what
dialog: they do.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Spot on, mate.
text: Walter holds The Beaver towards Henry. He exchanges a high
text: five with The Beaver’s tiny paw.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: But xo know, Walter wasn’t half
dialog: bad himself at one time.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yeah? Who taught him?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Well, I suppose he taught himself.
dialog: He was about your age, yeah? Cub
dialog: scouts. He and his pop were
dialog: supposed to make a race car for a
dialog: contest. Only his pop wasn’t
dialog: around, so he had to do it himself.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Where was his dad?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Porter hears this question and MUTES the TV. He looks toward
text: the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - INTERCUT
text: Meredith gives Walter a look.
text: Walter absent 1 drags lines through his food with his fork as
text: he thinks. ie hear a faint WHISTLE in his breaths like the
dialog: sound Porter <aisciplined himself for making earlier.
dialog: Finally...
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
text: He was in an accident. Passed away.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You mean grandpa? From the
dialog: graveyard?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Right-o. Anyway, Walter had
dialog: grandpa’s tools, but not a clue how
dialog: to use them. Every time he hammered
text: or sawed or chiselled on his block
dialog: of wood it just got uglier and
dialog: uglier. the time he was done it
dialog: Teoked ike he’d taken something a
text: dog had chewed up and screwed
text: wheels on it.
text: Henry LAUGHS. Meredith is listening, not touching her food.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now all these other kids’ cars, the
dialog: ones they'd built with their dads,
dialog: they were things of beauty. And
dialog: then here was Walter’s, aerodynamic
text: as a billboard, ugly as sin.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: So_you know what the other kid’s
dialog: called it?
text: Henry shakes his head.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: The Turd.
dialog: Henry loves it.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: If you’d seen it, you’d think that
dialog: was generous. Funny part is, when
dialog: they actually got down to racing,
dialog: The Turd could not be beat. All
text: those sanded and shiny opponents,
text: The Turd left them in the dust. Won
dialog: the whole contest, that little
dialog: mess.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Sweet.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Well, the other kids didn’t think
dialog: so. They teased him about it
dialog: endlessly. Turd Master, that was
dialog: his new name.
text: Suddenly this resonates with Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: What did he do?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Got some books and some wood, and
dialog: he taught himself all there was to
dialog: know about those tools. How to make
dialog: things precise, neat, clean,
dialog: smooth. Worked until he was better
dialog: than most of the other kids’
dialog: fathers. And when the next year’s
text: contest came he turned in a car
dialog: that looked like it belonged in a
dialog: bloody museum.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Did he win?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Didn’t even race. See, by then it
dialog: didn’t matter how good his car
dialog: looked. All the other kids saw was
dialog: that it was Walter’s. They called
dialog: it The Turd II.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So he told them to piss off and
dialog: took it home.
text: We see Porter listening gtoselys unconsciously drawing little
text: lines in his food just like Walter
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: That sucks.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Indeed, mate. Indeed. But Walter
dialog: doesn’t have to worry about those
dialog: kinds of things anymore. You know
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Because he’s got me.
text: Walter goes back to eating. Meredith watches Henry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Dad, can we make a turd?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Anytime, mate. Anytime.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Let’s do it tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S ROOM
text: Walter tucks Henry in. He kisses him on each cheek, one with
text: his lips, one with The Beaver’s.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Good night, Beaver.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Good night, mate.
text: Walter flips out the light.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Walter joins Meredith. They move down to Porter’s doorway.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH :
dialog: Porter, your dad’s leaving. You
dialog: want to say goodbye?
text: Porter gets up from his desk, walks toward the doorway like
text: he might say something. Instead, he SLAMS the door in their
text: faces. Loud MUSIC quickly follows from within.
text: Meredith moves to reopen it, but Walter grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: He’s a teenager, love. We’d only
dialog: have to worry if he liked us.
dialog: 28.
text: She lowers her arm. A beat.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Do you have far to go? I mean, you
dialog: can stay on the couch if you need
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: That’s all right. The hotel is
text: actually closer to the office.
dialog: We've got a big day tomorrow.
text: He gives her a quick kiss on the cheek and starts down the
dialog: stairs.
text: A moment before something occurs to her. She steps to the top
text: of the stairs.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: You’re supposed to go to work like
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: (without looking back)
dialog: Bright and early, love, bright and
dialog: ear
text: She watches him go, suddenly concerned.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: Porter is walking around on his cell, Norah’s pages in hand.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: (filter)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Norah. It’s Porter. Listen, about
dialog: what I said earlier-
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Are you going to help me or not?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Well... I’ve been reading your
dialog: stuff, and I think maybe if we
dialog: talked more about what you're
dialog: trying to say-
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Fine. Come by after school
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Um-
text: She hangs up. Porter puts the phone down. He looks satisfied,
text: mildly upbeat.
dialog: 29.
text: Then he looks out his window and sees Walter getting in his
text: car. Walter looks up, sees Porter, and raises The Beaver to
dialog: wave goodbye.
text: And like that, Porter goes south. He sits on his bed to think
text: and finds himself instinctively y massaging his eyebrows as we
text: saw before. The faint WHISTLE in his breaths returns.
text: He catches himself doing these things and, in a flash of
text: frustration, pounds on his head with his fists.
text: Unsatisfied, he pulls _a poster from the wall revealing the
text: large dent we saw earlier and begins POUNDING his head into
dialog: the drywall.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON the outside of Porter’s wall where his blows force
text: cracks in the stucco. With each hit, chips fall away until we
text: finally hear a heavy THUD followed by SILENCE.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MORNING
text: Walter is jogging; Pull back to reveal that he’s holding The
text: beaver in front of him as he does, almost a hood ornament.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - MORNING
text: Walter showers. He soaps himself and The Beaver.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - MORNING
text: Walter stands in a towel BLOW DRYING The Beaver.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS:
text: WALTER PRESSES a suit. The Beaver guides the iron.
text: WALTER STRAIGHTENS his tie.
text: WALTER COMBS The Beaver’s fur.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - MORNING
text: Walter regards himself and The Beaver in the mirror. He looks
text: like a Brooks Brothers model... with a beaver on his hand.
text: He stares at The Beaver for a long beat. He looks nervous.
dialog: Finally...
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Trust me, mate. Today will be
dialog: different.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - MORNING
text: A wide shot shows rows of cubes. No one’s here yet. There’s a
text: small card in the center of each desk.
text: CLOSE ON a single desk. The card is the same therapeutic
dialog: caution card Walter gave to Meredith and Porter.
text: NEW ANGLE inside of a pair of cubes, the card in the center
text: of the desks.
text: NEW ANGLE inside of an office. The same situation.
text: NEW ANGLE as EMPLOYEES begin to stream in. A couple get to
text: their desks. They pick up the card. They look at one another.
speaker_heading: WIF?
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE - MORNING
text: As people stream in, we see a large sign on the front door.
scene_heading: It reads: ALL HANDS MEETING - CAFETERIA 9AM - NO EXCEPTIONS.
text: They MURMUR about this as they pass.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - 9AM
text: EMPLOYEES take seats and TALK, many of them holding and
text: discussing the cards.
text: THE VP walks in, also carrying a card. A SKEPTICAL MAN grabs
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SKEPTICAL MAN
dialog: What the hell is this?
text: The VP looks as confused as everyone else.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: I... have no idea.
scene_heading: — SKEPTICAL MAN.
dialog: This is layoffs, isn’t it?
text: Suddenly the room goes QUIET as everyone looks at The VP for
dialog: his answer.
text: Then, from the front of the room...
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: No one’s getting laid off.
dialog: 31.
text: All the heads whip around to find Walter standing before
text: them, The Beaver raised and held forward.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Get rid of you all and I’ve no one
dialog: to boss around, yeah?
text: Thundering SILENCE.
text: ANGLE ON Walter and The Beaver. He clears his throat.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Good Morning. I assume you all got
dialog: the cards informing you of the new
dialog: arrangements here, but if not,
dialog: allow me to briefly explain. As you
dialog: know Walter Black ascended to CEO
dialog: here nearly two years ago, not
dialog: through any particular skill or
dialog: merit, but because the hooker our
dialog: founder took to dinner did not know
dialog: the Heimlich maneuver. It was a_ job
dialog: Walter was ill prepared to handle,
dialog: and his deteriorating mental health
dialog: since then has led to lapses in
dialog: focus, judgement, and eight
dialog: straight losing quarters that leave
dialog: us facing impending bankruptcy.
dialog: That is why, as of now, he is
dialog: resigning.
text: Quiet MURMURING.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: And putting me in charge.
text: Now the MURMURS become LOUD CHATTER and DISMAY.
text: ANGLE ON The VP who takes a chair, bewildered.
text: ANGLE ON Walter and The Beaver. Walter motions for quiet.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Five minutes, mates, then you may
dialog: tear me to shreds if you like.
text: A modicum of SILENCE returns.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: As my first order of business as
dialog: CEO I want to take this opportunity
dialog: to announce some significant
dialog: reforms and goal realignments.
speaker_heading: GROANS .
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: First, I am rolling back the
dialog: cumbersome approva rocess
dialog: instituted (ORE a4 predecessor.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: The truth is, he had no idea what
dialog: he was doing and he reacted to his
dialog: fear by attempting to micromanage
dialog: people and projects that were
dialog: outside his area of expertise. As
dialog: of this moment I am ceding control
dialog: of all individual projects back to
dialog: the teams themselves. No more
dialog: endless meetings and waiting for
dialog: the CEO's blessing. You will all be
dialog: free and entrusted to do the jobs
dialog: you were hired to do.
dialog: This is the first thing they’ve heard that sounds good.
dialog: Still, they’re highly dubious of the source.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Second, we have lacked anything
text: resembling a strategic plan as
text: Walter has pursued and abandoned
dialog: countless ill conceived new product
dialog: lines and_handicapped them b
text: alternately inter tering in their
dialog: development and sleeping for large
dialog: portions of the day. As of this
dialog: moment, we will cease work on all
dialog: but our two core lines, Action Jack
dialog: and Princess Stephanie. These are
dialog: high value properties that have
text: grown stale through mismanagement
dialog: and neglect - We will revamp and
dialog: revitalize them, and then we will
dialog: relaunch them at the International
dialog: Game and Toy Manufacturers Expo in
dialog: six weeks.
text: Significant GRUMBLING.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: That's a bloody difficult timeline,
dialog: but I’ve prepared a schedule that
dialog: you'll find in your email when you
dialog: return to your desks which
text: demonstrates how, by focusing on
dialog: these two lines éxelusively and
dialog: eliminating bureaucratic delays, it
dialog: is indeed achievable. It has to be.
dialog: The bottom line is that the expo
dialog: provides the only near term
dialog: opportunity for the significant
dialog: boost in orders that we require to
dialog: right our ship.
text: A beat as he lets them digest this.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: pastly, you're all highly
dialog: intelligent people, so I can
dialog: imagine that you have a healthy
dialog: degree of skepticism regarding my
dialog: ability to lead under these...
dialog: circumstances.
dialog: 33.
text: Significant AGREEMENT.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: So I’m offering you the following
dialog: deal. You will give me two weeks.
dialog: At the end of that time anyone who
dialog: goes not see significant
dialog: improvement and chooses to resign
dialog: 1 receive eight full months
text: Severance and a glowing letter of
dialog: recommendation. No questions asked,
dialog: no exceptions.
text: ANGLE ON the crowd. This is quite an offer.
text: ANGLE ON Walter and The Beaver. He waits for quiet. Then...
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Understand one thing my friends.
dialog: This will become a great place to
dialog: work again. You have my word on
dialog: that.
dialog: From the back...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: And, who exactly are you supposed
dialog: to be?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Bollocks. Did I forget to introduce
dialog: myself? Apologies.
text: CLOSE ON Walter’s lips. He subtly bites the right corner of
text: his lower one before he says...
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: You may simply call me The Beaver.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NORAH'S ROOM
text: CLOSE ON Porter's iips: He’s biting his lower one exactly
text: like Walter as he takes in the room.
text: It’s like a Siehotg case. Awards, medals, ribbons, plaques
text: everywhere, although for a head cheerleader, there’s nothing
dialog: particularly feminine: no posters, no pink, etc.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (regarding the walls)
dialog: This is... impressive.
text: She shrugs it off. Her attitude is all business.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: So, what do you need to know?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Right. I guess the first thing we
dialog: have to figure out is what you want
dialog: to say.
dialog: Well, that’ nS Aainda the problem. I
dialog: have no idea. I mean, I’ve been on
dialog: this track, you know, school,
dialog: sports, Stanford for like, ever. I
dialog: haven't really had to think about
dialog: what’s next, it’s just been...
dialog: obvious. So, I don’t really know
dialog: what I’m supposed to say to people
dialog: who don’t have all that figured out
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I see. So, your basic overachiever
dialog: needs help addressing the little
dialog: people speech - Have a nice summer,
dialog: luck in community college.
dialog: tuff like that?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: You think you’ve got me all figured
dialog: out, don’t you?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (looking, around)
dialog: I’m piecing it together.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: What I’m trying to say is that good
dialog: grades haven't suddenly given me
dialog: this brilliant insight into what
dialog: everyone should do with their
dialog: lives. If anything it’s the
dialog: opposite. I mean, when they were
dialog: expelling me from junior high no
dialog: one was asking for my advice, but
dialog: get a few A’s and now I’m supposed
dialog: to have all the answers?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’m sorry, I must have misheard
dialog: you. It sounded like you said
dialog: expelled.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: That surprises you?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Depends on what it was for. If it
dialog: had anything to do with Freeing
dialog: Tibet, then no, it doesn’t surprise
dialog: me at all.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: How about graffiti?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Let me guess: Stanford Rules in big
dialog: block letters.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: More of an unauthorized mural. I
text: was going through an ‘angry rebel
dialog: artist’ phase.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Sorry. Not possible. Does not
dialog: compute.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Yeah, well, it’s in my file. So,
dialog: see, you don’t know everything.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: And where’s all this angry rebel
dialog: artist stuff now?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I don’t know. It was a long time
dialog: ago. Why?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Why? Because when the student body
dialog: president, chess club champion,
text: cheerleader, valedictorian tells
dialog: you that she used to make defiant
dialog: Masterpieces you kind of want to
dialog: see one.
text: She just looks at him, unsure.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: You still have something don’t you?
dialog: Come on. Just one look and_I’1l
dialog: write you a speech you could run
dialog: for president with. Please.
text: She hesitates.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: How about if you just agree to stop
dialog: being an ass?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Be easier to get you elected.
text: She starts to turn away.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, roxas okay. I'll be good.
dialog: (hand on his heart)
dialog: Promise.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Norah and Porter stand at the bedroom door next to her own.
text: In addition to the knob, there’s a padlocked latch.
text: She dials in the combination. CLICK. As she opens the door...
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: We have to be quick.
text: Porter suddenly isn’t sure what he’s getting into.
scene_heading: INT. NORAH'S BROTHER’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: They step in to find a bedroom eerily similar to Norah’s own.
text: Trophies, awards, ribbons, plaques. They aren’t carbon
text: copies, but there’s a strong feeling of deja vu.
text: Porter takes this in, confused.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Whose room is this?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Used to be my brother’s.
text: She motions toward the one thing that makes this room
text: distinctly different from hers: a painting on the far wall.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, there you go.
text: Porter looks it over. It’s not bad. Kind of frenzied.
text: Impressionistic. Interesting.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You did this?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Yes, yes, it’s very funny. So now
dialog: you've seen it. Let’s go.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: No, I mean, it’s... really good.
dialog: Really.
text: She’s not sure how to take this.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Well... thanks.
text: He goes back to looking at the painting. A beat, then she
text: goes to the closet, opens it.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Actually, I never understood why he
dialog: hung that one.
dialog: 37.
text: She pulls out several canvases, settles on one. She holds it
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: This was always my favorite.
text: Porter steps over. The style is similar, but it’s brighter,
dialog: more aggressive.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Wow.
text: He starts to thumb through the others.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: These are great. Where did you
dialog: learn to do this?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I didn’t. I mean, I wasn’t serious
dialog: about it or anything. It was just a
dialog: phase. You know, my brother was Mr.
dialog: All American so I went out of my
dialog: way to be all artsy and rebellious.
dialog: It was stupid.
text: She starts to put the paintings away.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Why do you keep them in here?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I don’t. I didn’t keep any o
dialog: these. I threw them out, The whole
dialog: thing was just to be weird and piss
dialog: off my parents . Brian, he’s the one
text: who pulled them out of the trash.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: He must have really liked them.
text: She closes the closet.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I don’t know about that. I mean, he
dialog: was always encouraging me, telling
dialog: me how w great I_was, how talented I
dialog: was, it felt like a big mind
dialog: game, you know? Like he’d read some
dialog: psycho ogy book that told him that
dialog: he pretended to like them I'd
dialog: give it up.
text: She walks back to the painting on the wall.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: See, my parents, they were always
dialog: trying to get me to quit,
dialog: especially after I started painting
text: walls instead of canvases, and
dialog: Brian, he was always so concerned
dialog: about them, telling me how my
dialog: getting into trouble was tearing
dialog: them up and stuff. So I always
dialog: figured this was just his hyper
dialog: gmart way of trying to get me in
dialog: ine.
text: Porter hesitates.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Where’s your brother now?
text: Norah looks at him as if the question surprises her, as if
text: she thought it was something he already knew. A beat.
text: She walks to the corner and grabs the edge of a large desk.
text: Suddenly, she HEAVES and it GRINDS away from the wall.
text: She stares at the floor in the corner. Porter steps over.
text: There, painted onto the wood floor is the beginnings of what
dialog: might be a mural.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I_ got the idea from this magazine.
dialog: Floor murals. It was sort of my way
dialog: of making him admit that he didn’t
dialog: really like my stuff, that he was
dialog: just_trying to manipulate me. It
dialog: was like, you like my shit, well,
dialog: here you go...
text: She indicates the floor. Porter nods, but his face says he
dialog: doesn’t quite get it.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D
dialog: I was grounded, everybody was gone.
dialog: And then he came home. Caught me.
dialog: He didn’t really get mad. He just
text: looked at it for a long time and
dialog: then he walked out. So I’m
dialog: following him screaming, ‘Don’t you
dialog: like it? Aren’t I talented? Aren’t
dialog: I great?’ But he won’t say
dialog: anything. He just goes straight to
text: his car, this is like 10 o'clock at
text: night, and as he’s backing out he
text: smiles and shakes his head and
dialog: then, really calmly, he says ‘Don’t
dialog: worry - We'll get it up before they
dialog: get home.’
text: A long beat as she stares at the beginnings of the painting,
text: mesmerized. When she speaks, her voice is on the edge of
dialog: cracking.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: The weird thing was, there was no
dialog: rain, no ice, no drunk driver. I
dialog: mean, the car didn’t even look that
dialog: bad. It looked like something you
dialog: could have walked away from.
text: A beat, then she pushes the desk back into the corner.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: When we went to get his car there
dialog: was all this floor fixing stuff in
dialog: the back. Strippers, sanders,
dialog: varnish. I remember my parents and
dialog: I, we all stared at it, and I kept
dialog: waiting for them to say something,
dialog: to ask me something. I wanted them
dialog: to. But they didn’t. They didn’t
dialog: say a word. And then the next time
dialog: I came in here -
dialog: (she pats the desk)
dialog: - this had been pushed into the
dialog: corner. I mean, it’s not like they
dialog: couldn’t figure out what happened.
dialog: I guess they just felt like words
dialog: weren’t going to change it.
text: Porter starts to say something when suddenly NORAH’S MOTHER
text: appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: NORAH’S MOM
dialog: What are you doing in here?
text: She sounds more hurt than angry. Norah doesn’t miss a beat.
text: When she answers the emotional waver is replaced with upbeat
dialog: confidence.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I was just showing Porter some of
dialog: Brian’sS awards. He’s on the math
dialog: team with me.
text: Norah’s mom steps in.
speaker_heading: NORAH’S MOM
dialog: Oh. Did you know Brian?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Um, no, ma’am. Not really.
speaker_heading: NORAH'S MOM
dialog: Oh.
text: An awkward silence. They’re all looking at the desk.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Well, we've got some studying to
speaker_heading: oO.
dialog: 40.
text: Norah pushes Porter towards the door. Her mom doesn’t say
text: anything. At the door Norah looks back.
text: Her mom is still just staring at the desk, transfixed.
text: Norah turns to Porter.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: quiet)
dialog: You should go. I’m sorry. Do you
dialog: have enough to work with?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I'll figure it out.
text: Norah nods and turns back toward her mom.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Hey mom, do you know where that
dialog: olarship xotice is? They wanted
dialog: a picture and bio, but I don’t have
dialog: the address.
text: As Porter exits, Norah’s mom finally looks up, nods.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S CAR / INT. WALTER'S OFFICE - SPLIT SCREEN
text: On the right half of the screen, Porter gets into his car and
text: sits behind the wheel.
text: On the left half of the screen, Walter sits behind his desk
dialog: so that the tableaus almost match
text: CLOSE ON both their faces as they fall into what almost look
text: like identical pensive trances. They each begin to tap their
text: chins with their index fingers.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: This is a picture of Walter Black,
text: a hopelessly depressed individual.
text: Slowly match pull backs on both until The Beaver becomes
text: visible in Walter’s frame.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Who becomes a beaver.
text: Then, suddenly, they both seem to wake at the same moment.
text: When Porter realizes what he’s been doing, he SNAPS the
text: rubber band on his wrist and starts his car.
text: When Walter gets with it, he turns to The Beaver, nods.
text: NEW ANGLE shows full screen on Walter’s office and whips
text: around to reveal THE VP and others sitting across the desk.
dialog: 41.
text: They close their notepads and seem satisfied. The VP looks at
text: Walter, nods back.
speaker_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE:
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - DAY
text: Employees are working, hustling.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: At work his reforms foster a fresh
text: level of focus and energy.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - LUNCH
text: Walter sits at a table with other employees.
text: Walter takes a bite of his sandwich, then takes another using
text: The Beaver. They chew in unison though The Beaver’s bite
text: simply falls in pieces onto the table.
text: The employees look at one another with uncertain expressions.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: And for every person who points out
dialog: that_he’s begun to feed lunch to
text: his left hand there’s another to
dialog: remind them that production has
dialog: already increased by 35%.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Employees are gathered around the table. At the head, only
text: The Beaver is visible, talking.
text: The camera sinks down to reveal Walter under the table.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.
dialog: For every person who worries that
dialog: he’s begun to_conduct meetings from
text: under the table, there’s another to
dialog: point out that he’s come up with an
dialog: exciting scenario for the Action
dialog: Jack line. At the end of those
dialog: first two weeks, not one person
dialog: resigns.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - DAY
text: Meredith pulls up outside the school. This time when Henry
text: opens the front door, several other KIDS open the rear doors.
text: They all get in together, TALKING, LAUGHING.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: Henry and the other kids are all working on various wood
dialog: projects.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: Things are different at home too.
text: Suddenly, Walter enters with The Beaver. The kids drop what
text: they're doing | and flock to him. He acknowledges them all, but
text: goes out of his way to lavish attention on a smiling Henry.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Porter reads Norah’s papers. He thinks. Starts writing.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - EVENING
text: Kids working around him, Walter, eyes his project, thinks,
text: continues working. The Beaver grips the hammer in his mouth.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O. sd
dialog: And eventually, what Scme strange
dialog: becomes common.
text: Pull back to reveal that they’re working on a miniature desk
dialog: for The Beaver.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Henry, Meredith, and Walter eat at the table. They’re
text: smiling, laughing.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: What seemed impossible becomes
dialog: real.
text: Porter takes a plate, but stops in the doorway, watching
text: Walter put food in The Beaver’s mouth. Disgusted, he leaves.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: Porter’s food sits on his desk, untouched. Instead, he’s on
text: his bed POUNDING his head into the dent.
text: He takes a moment, looks into the hole. He can see cracks in
text: the wall going all the way out. He seems inspired by this,
text: presses on.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY
text: CLOSE ON Porter subbing the knot on his head when HECTOR
text: walks up, excited. He hands Porter a newspaper clipping. The
scene_heading: headline: LOCAL MINORITY WINS ESSAY SCHOLARSHIP.
text: Hector holds out his fist for a bump. Porter complies, but
text: he’s already distracted.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: Until it becomes hard to remember
dialog: how things were before.
text: Norah and the cheer squad come by though now she’s the only
text: one not in uniform. He smiles. e smiles. The squad GIGGLES.
text: Porter opens his locker as Hector is still going on.
text: His phone goes off. He gets a text: ANOREXIA CROWD THINKS UR
text: CUTE BUT NEED TO DROP FEW LBS
text: He smiles.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - SEWING DEPARTMENT - DAY
text: Walter works with a WOMAN at her machine. She holds fabric up
text: to The Beaver, takes measurements.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: On tor of Walter’s desk, there’s now an identical, smaller
dialog: desk for The Beaver.
text: The way it’s set up, you can’t see Walter’s arm. Just two
text: CEO’s at identical desks and now in identical suits.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Walter and Meredith are drinking wine by candlelight.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O. 2
dialog: Walter hasn't just made a fresh
dialog: start with himself-
text: The Beaver is talking. She’s LAUGHING.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: - but with the people he loves.
text: A long quiet beat. She smiles. Hold on her smile, then...
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Walter and Meredith are Kissing - The Beaver undoes the
text: buttons on her blouse. She looks nervous.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: When they kiss it’s like the first
text: time. Like it’s all brand new.
text: CLOSE ON her face as Walter kisses her neck and then moves
text: down. She looks aroused. Then surprised. Then she closes her
text: eyes, slams a pillow over her face and SCREAMS into it.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LATER
text: Meredith lays in bed looking toward the bathroom.
text: NEW ANGLE shows Walter’s silhouette in the shower. He soaps
text: his own head, then the Beaver’s, as we’ve seen before.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: Like they’re different people all
dialog: together.
text: ANGLE ON Meredith, her smile cracking into a look of mild
dialog: concern.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Employees around the table. The Beaver talking. They all nod.
text: NEW ANGLE reveals conference call equipment on the table.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: At work, they decide to schedule
dialog: his meetings with outsiders as
dialog: conference calls. It isn’t that
text: they aren’t behind him, they just
dialog: aren’t sure they can explain what
dialog: they're seeing.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - EVENING
text: Meredith opens the door revealing PARENTS of one of the kids.
text: They start to come in, but she steps in front of them,
text: closing the door a fraction. She holds up a finger.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: And Meredith starts to feel the
dialog: same way.
text: Meredith summons one of the kids who’s playing with The
text: Beaver in the background. When he gets to the door she opens
text: up just enough to let him out.
dialog: 45.
dialog: Off the Parents confused expression...
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE
text: Henry works hard as the other kids play.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: Even Henry begins to worry her. His
text: interest in woodwork starts to seem
text: more and more like an obsession.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - LATER
text: Henry continues working hard, now all alone.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Next to the original coffee table, is a second, identical
text: coffee table.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD
text: An enormous bird house is swarmed by birds.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Meredith looks at a long list of various types of wood.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: His birthday wishlist contains
text: nothing but wood.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Walter lays in bed, face down. Meredith rolls over, blinks
text: awake. She finds herself staring into the large, wide open,
text: plastic eyes of The Beaver.
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE:
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Meredith is surrounded by the Soccer Moms.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Have any of you ever tried... role
dialog: playing?
speaker_heading: SOCCER MOM 1
dialog: Jim tried to dress me up like a
dialog: secretary once.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: SOCCER MOM 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: But then he just started screwing
dialog: his real secretary and I got the
dialog: house.
text: ANN, the Alpha mom in the bunch weighs in.
dialog: ANN ; ;
dialog: It’s not healthy. Dressing up like
dialog: a cheerleader doesn’t solve
dialog: anything, it just covers up the
dialog: fact that something is seriously
dialog: wrong underneath.
text: No one wants to follow that. Ann looks at Meredith.
speaker_heading: ANN (CONT'D)
dialog: Why? Are you seeing someone?
text: All the heads turn.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Well... actually, Walter and I have
dialog: been... working on things.
text: The other ladies look surprised. Ann looks disappointed.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: And how’s that affecting the kids?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Well, Henry’s doing great. Mostly.
dialog: And Porter, I don’t know. He’s a
dialog: teenager.
text: The other ladies nod in understanding.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: So you and Walter, you’re trying
dialog: some sort of role playing therapy?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Well, mostly Walter.
speaker_heading: SOCCER MOM 2
dialog: And is it better... I mean... you
dialog: know, in bed.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Well... yeah. I mean, that’s good,
dialog: but it’s not really about that. I
dialog: don’t know.
text: This intrigues the others, but Ann cuts them off.
speaker_heading: ANN
dialog: Well, just be careful. People don’t
dialog: put on a disguise unless they've
dialog: got something to hide.
text: This seems to land for Meredith. She sips her drink.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Meredith is lying next to Walter, The Beaver on the pillow
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Did you talk to Dr. Macy today?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Indeed. Says we're coming along
text: brilliantly.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: That’s great. Did he give you any
dialog: sort of, you know, like a timeline?
dialog: For when the treatment might be
dialog: over?
text: Walter rolls away toward his night stand and grabs a small
text: eye shield. He places it over The Beaver’s eyes.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Nothing specific.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: But do you think, like a week? A
dialog: month?
text: He flips out the light. In the dark.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: It's a process, love. When the time
dialog: is right, we'll know.
text: Walter flips over, burying his face in the pillow. Meredith
text: is left staring at The Beaver.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Meredith wakes with a start. She hears soft BANGING. She gets
text: out of bed.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - LATE NIGHT
text: Meredith opens the door to the garage revealing Henry,
text: working away on a project. She shakes her head.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Meredith returns, flips on the light.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter. Walter, wake up.
text: Walter rouses, pulling the mask off The Beaver’s eyes.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: What’s wrong, love?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: You need to talk to Henry. He's
text: down in the garage again.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Well, tell him to come to bed.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I’ve told him, Walter. I tell him
text: everyday. He pays no attention to
dialog: me. He needs to hear it from, you
dialog: know...
dialog: (indicating The Beaver)
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - LATE NIGHT
text: Walter comes out in his pajamas, walks over to Henry, looks
text: over his shoulder. Henry looks up at Walter and The Beaver.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You couldn’t sleep either?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Actually, mate, I was sleeping
dialog: quite well. You know you can’t be
dialog: out here this late.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I just had this idea. It’s gonna be
dialog: really great.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Well, let’s have it be great in the
dialog: morning, yeah?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: dust ten more minutes, please. Just
dialog: let me finish this last set of
dialog: cuts.
dialog: The Beaver considers this.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: I let you have ten more minutes,
dialog: you have to promise, no more
dialog: working when your mother’s asked
dialog: you, not to. Not at night. Not
dialog: uring breakfast. No bringing your
dialog: tools to the dentist. Agreed?
text: Walter puts forward The Beaver’s paw. Henry shakes it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Agreed.
dialog: 49.
text: Walter starts to go.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you stay? I like working with
dialog: you around.
text: Walter stops.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Sure.
text: Henry smiles, goes back to work. Walter watches him for a
text: moment. He turns to a table and grabs his own piece of wood.
text: Walter and The Beaver begin to noodle on the wood. A chip
dialog: here, chisel there.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Will you talk to me? I like it when
dialog: you talk.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: What would you like to talk about?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Doesn’t matter. Just talk.
text: Walter continues to work away.
scene_heading: THE BEAVER, ;
dialog: Very well. You’re quite easily
dialog: entertained, aren’t you?
text: Suddenly Walter freezes. He looks at Henry - There might as
text: well be a giant light bulb over Walter's head.
text: Walter turns back to his block of wood with a feverish
text: energy. A beat.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You’re not talking.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Walter comes racing into the room, heads straight for the
text: closet. Meredith sits up in bed.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Did you talk to him?
text: Walter comes out of the closet in the midst of changing into
text: a suit. He heads into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Walter?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Huh? Oh. Yes. We had a good chat.
dialog: He'll stick to the schedule.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Walter comes out, mostly dressed, a tie loosely slung around
text: his neck. He wrestles into some Shoes.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: I’ve had a breakthrough, love. I’ve
dialog: got to get to work.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
text: Not a moment to spare.
text: He starts for the door, then pauses. He comes back to bed to
text: kiss her goodbye.
text: But this time Walter stands back and only kisses her cheek
dialog: with The Beaver.
text: And then he’s gone. Meredith looks after him with heavy
dialog: concern.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - MORNING
text: Walter works feverishly at a workstation. The VP is the first
text: one in. He spots Walter.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: Sir? You’re in early.
text: Walter looks up. He raises The Beaver.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Ah! Just the man I was hoping to
dialog: see. Come over, mate. We're goin
dialog: to need to get going on this Seight
dialog: away.
text: The VP takes a seat next to Walter. Walter hands him the
text: piece of wood he was working on. It’s been roughed out into
text: the crude likeness of a beaver.
text: The VP looks at it. He’s not sure what it means.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: It's... a beaver?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: It’s the future. It only occurred
dialog: to me last night that I’ve been
text: focus group testing it for weeks.
speaker_heading: (MORE
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is what we’ve been looking
dialog: for.
text: The VP looks at the crude block again.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: This?
text: The Beaver directs his attention to the monitor.
text: ANGLE ON the monitor where we see various schematics for a
text: beaver toy with a toolkit.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
text: It's a talking beaver woodworking
dialog: set. You get the basic tools, a
text: block of wood, and a talking beaver
dialog: to work along side you.
text: The VP looks it over.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: You should see the kids mate. They
dialog: go crazy for the stuff. Theyre
dialog: into the video games and cell
dialog: hones sure, but you give them a
text: ammer, a saw and a block of wood,
dialog: I'm telling ou, it comes natural.
dialog: And as for the beaver, I don’t want
dialog: to brag, but there’s not a one of
dialog: them who wouldn’t take me home if
dialog: they could.
dialog: THE VP |
dialog: So... you’re talking about a new
dialog: product line? For what, Christmas?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Christmas? I’m talking about right
dialog: now. Today. This morning.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: But that’s impossible. You said
dialog: yourself, the only way we can get
dialog: the new Jack and Stephanie lines
dialog: ready is by-
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Forget Jack and Stephanie. This is
dialog: it, right here.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: But sir-
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Action Jack and Princess Stephanie
dialog: can only hope to take us where
dialog: we've been. This has the potential
dialog: to open up a whole new world of
dialog: opportunities. I’m as sure of it as
dialog: I’ve ever been of anything.
dialog: 52.
text: The VP looks at The Beaver, then back at the screen.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: I guess there could be an ancillary
dialog: market in more tools. Maybe precut
dialog: lumber pieces. Sort of like Lego
dialog: kits, but made of wood and you work
dialog: them into shape on your own.
text: Walter looks excited. The Beaver musses The VP’s hair.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Exactly! Now you’re talking!
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: But this would mean... I mean, if
dialog: we could even get one ready, this
dialog: is all we'd have for the expo.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: This is all we’ll need.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: The Beaver is at the head of the table sitting behind his
text: little desk, but this time it’s The VP who does the talking.
text: He points to a cleaned up version of the beaver kit schematic
text: and a chart.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: Replicating The Beaver as a core
dialog: item along with endless project
dialog: kits would seem to have great
dialog: appeal and taking a conservative
dialog: view of the Lego model’s numbers,
dialog: we're talking about an exponential
dialog: return.
text: The staff looks around. They’re intrigued, but unsure.
speaker_heading: THE VP (CONT'D
dialog: It’s risky, no doubt, and if we
dialog: come up short with the beaver we go
dialog: to_ the expo empty handed, which, in
dialog: all_likelihood, would result in’a
dialog: failure to remain solvent.
text: No one likes this. The Beaver speaks up.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Friends, this is our future. Do we
dialog: want to continue doing the things
dialog: that have previously resulted in
dialog: our minor success and hope that
dialog: they’re enough to survive, or do we
text: break with ‘the past and embrace
dialog: something new, something different,
dialog: something better.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: The question is not whether or not
dialog: this can work, the question is
dialog: whether or not we’re bold enough to
dialog: take it on.
text: Everyone looks around, thinking, considering, deciding. A
dialog: long beat, then...
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS:
text: PRINTERS SPEW copies of the beaver schematics.
text: MONITORS SHOW diagrams of the toolbox being manipulated.
text: WORKERS MEASURE The Beaver himself to get dimensions. The
text: Beaver nods toward The VP.
text: THE VP nods back and then looks around as people hustle
text: about. He looks proud.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Porter is sitting across from a panic stricken Hector.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: What the fuck do I always say
dialog: Hector? Read it before you turn it
dialog: in. It was about your own family
dialog: for God’s sake.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I just figured since it was
dialog: personal there couldn’t be no test
dialog: questions on it. It’s your fault.
dialog: If it hadn’t been so good it won
dialog: that award, wouldn’t be no big
dialog: ea
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Your own dad turned you in?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: My grandma, she was so proud, she
dialog: was talking to me about all this
dialog: stuff you wrote, stuff about her
dialog: and my grandad, back in the war,
dialog: and then all of a sudden she could
dialog: just tell I didn’t know nothing
dialog: about what she was saying. And she
dialog: just starts crying. So my dad, he
dialog: call the principa said he don’t
dialog: want me to get the’ scholarship.
dialog: Wants it to go to someone who
dialog: really respects their family
dialog: history.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Look, Hector, this is your problem,
dialog: you understand. My name stays out
dialog: of it.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Man, they’re already talking about
dialog: expulsion if I don’t tell them
dialog: where it came from.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Tell them you bought it off the
dialog: internet.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: It’s a personal essay about my
dialog: family. You can’t just get those on
dialog: the internet.
text: Porter considers this for a second.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Okay. I’11 make a dummy website.
dialog: Paper writing for hire. You give
dialog: them the web address, tell them you
dialog: sent your money in, got your paper
dialog: back, that’s all you know. They can
dialog: look all they want, it won’t come
dialog: back to me.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I don’t know man. I feel like shit
dialog: as it is. If you’d seen my grandma-
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Look! I’m sorry you didn’t read
dialog: our own essay, ut giving me me up
dialog: isn’t going to change tha
dialog: trusted you and you broke the
dialog: rules, so I’m counting on you to do
dialog: the right thing here.
text: Porter sees Norah come in.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: I gotta go. I’1ll send you the fake
dialog: site address by tomorrow. Okay?
text: Porter stands to leave. Hector doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Yeah. Okay.
text: Porter moves quickly over to Norah. She smiles as he nears.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Hey.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Was your coach upset?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: He just told me not to miss anymore
dialog: workouts. He thinks you’re a bad
dialog: influence.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I told you you didn’t have to give
dialog: me a ride.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Don’t worry about it. I wanted to.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: So... um, are you busy tonight?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Are you about to ask me out?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’m not sure. My plan was to get a
dialog: feel for the situation. If it
dialog: seemed like you weren’t into it, I
dialog: was just going to say that I had
dialog: worked up a beginning for the
dialog: speech and that we should g
dialog: together and make sure you Sef ink
dialog: I’m on the right track.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: And if it seemed like I was into
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Actually, just kind of discounted
dialog: that possibi ity. I think I was
dialog: going to casually ask you if you
dialog: wanted to do something withou
dialog: making it sound like I'd been up
dialog: all night planning something
dialog: elaborate.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Have you been planning something
dialog: elaborate?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I have like maps and stuff.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: You can pick me up at 7. I have to
dialog: be home ¥ 12. And I do want to see
dialog: what you have of the speech.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (surprised
dialog: Um..okay. It’s a date.
dialog: 56.
text: Coyly, as she goes...
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: We'll see.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER’S BATHROOM/ PORTER’S BATHROOM - INTERCUT
text: QUICK CUTS of Walter and Porter getting ready.
text: THEY BOTH carefully comb their hair.
text: PORTER SELECTS from several T shirts.
text: WALTER BUTTONS a very nice shirt.
text: PORTER PULLS on jeans.
text: WALTER SLIDES into very nice pants.
text: PORTER CHECKS his face in the mirror, smiles.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Please, don’t fuck this up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BATHROOM
text: Walter checks the Beaver in the mirror, shows its big grin.
text: He turns The Beaver towards himself.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Just let me lead, we’1ll be fine.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM
text: Walter emerges from the bathroom pulling on a sharp suit
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Almost ready, love? Reservations
dialog: are for eight and I still need to
dialog: slip on my suit.
text: Meredith emerges from the sloset in a stunning dress.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Bloody hell, woman. Look at you.
text: She grins, walks toward him.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: You look pretty good yourself.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Oh, you haven’t seen anything yet.
dialog: The girls whipped up something
dialog: special for me. We’re talking full
dialog: on tux, love. Just give me a minute
dialog: to pop it on and we’re off.
text: Meredith realizes that Walter is talking about dressing The
text: Beaver. Her face loses some spark. A hesitant beat.
text: As he starts for the closet she stops him.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter, come on. I mean, it’s our
dialog: 20th anniversary.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Of course dear. That’s why I
dialog: thought a tux was appropriate.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: No, I mean, maybe this would be a
dialog: good time to try. you_know,
text: ringing the other Walter back.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Oh, dear, I don’t think that’s a
dialog: good idea. The doctor said very-
text: Meredith turns serious.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I do not want to celebrate 20 years
dialog: of marriage with a puppet. I’m
dialog: sorry, I've been very patient,
dialog: very supportive. Is it so much to
dialog: ask that you give me one night?
text: Walter considers this. He SIGHS.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Compromise?
scene_heading: INT. CLASSY RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: Walter and Meredith step in. We see that he still has The
text: Beaver on his hand, but its not dressed, and not held up.
text: When the hostess looks up at bam, Walter looks nervous,
text: unsure. Then, with his own voice.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Black. Party of two.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S CAR - EVENING
text: Porter is driving as Norah reads some pages.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: This is amazing. Really. My parents
dialog: are going to flip.
dialog: beat)
dialog: I don’t deserve credit for
dialog: something like this. I’m just gonna
dialog: tell people you wrote it.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Trust me, as long as I get a
dialog: diploma and get out of here, the
dialog: credit is all yours.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: You know, if I was leaving the west
dialog: coast for Rhode Island I don’t
dialog: think I’d be in such a hurry.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You clearly haven't met my family.
dialog: It’s gonna be hard enough to make
dialog: it 10 more weeks without putting my
text: head through a wall.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: What do they...beat you?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Yes. With stuffed animals and
text: handmade furniture.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Nothing.
text: He suddenly pulls the car to stop. He backs UP turns so that
text: the car is left facing the street. He turns off the engine.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well. Here we are.
text: Norah looks around. It’s not a great part of town. The road
text: is pot-holed, empty, dark. Thereé’s a freeway on-ramp in the
text: distance. Other than urban decay, not much to see.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Well, look, I appreciate your
dialog: confidence, but usually if you’re
dialog: going to ‘park’ with a girl, you
dialog: want to find a view with more stars
dialog: and less homeless.
text: He twists the rear view mirror so that she can see behind
text: them. It’s the side of an abandoned hospital building.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Mmmm. Still not doing it for me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PORTER'S CAR
text: Norah beside him, Porter opens the trunk revealing a nest of
text: various spray and regular paints.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (nervous )
dialog: Ta-da.
text: Norah just stares at them blankly.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: The neighborhood really isn’t as
dialog: bad as it looks. According to the
dialog: web there were less that two
dialog: murders per square mile here last
dialog: ear. And this place got closed for
text: angerous levels of asbestos, so
dialog: it’s not like anyone is going to
dialog: bother us.
text: She’s still just looking at him. He pulls out some of the
dialog: paint.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
text: The guy in the store was a little
dialog: suspicious so I had to get some
dialog: colors that didn’t seem, like,
dialog: vandalism related. Can you do
dialog: graffiti in Robin's Egg?
text: A long beat. Finally...
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Porter, this is sweet and all, but,
dialog: really, I told you, I wasn’t really
dialog: into any of this, it was just a
dialog: stupid thing I did to get
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Sure. I_know. It just seemed like
dialog: you really had talent. I hate to
dialog: see you give it up just because -
text: Porter suddenly realizes there’s no good way to finish that
dialog: sentence.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: (almost daring him to
dialog: finish)
dialog: Just because?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Because, you got in trouble once.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: So this was your elaborate plan? To
dialog: take me out to vandalize a building
dialog: that’s empty because it causes
dialog: cancer?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: It sounds less romantic when you
dialog: say it that way.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: And what did you think we would
dialog: paint? Norah Porter 4ever?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I don’t know. What were you
dialog: starting to paint on your brother’s
dialog: floor?
text: Norah's face goes cold. A beat, and then she walks away, gets
text: in the car, closes the door. Porter stands there a moment
text: holding cans of spray paint.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Porter slowly opens and then gets into the driver’s side.
text: They sit in silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: You know, I don’t need you to like,
dialog: fix me, okay?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I wasn't trying, I swear. I just, I
dialog: wanted to do something you'd
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I think you’d rather I forget this.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Look, I know I’m not exactly yo your
dialog: t e, so I figured that my be
dialog: shot was to just try to be really
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Porter, your best shot is to be
dialog: yourself
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Now, see, that just shows that you
dialog: don’t really know me.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I mean, it was a nice thought, I
dialog: ess, but it’s... too much. You
dialog: now? Just stop trying so hard.
dialog: You’re already in.
text: Porter looks up, then over at her. A beat as he digests this.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I am?
text: She nods, then starts to lean in ever so slightly. He
text: hesitates. Is this what it seems like?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: (reading his mind)
dialog: Yes. This is where you kiss me.
text: He nods slightly, moves in, kisses her. They wrap their arms
text: around one another. He begins to rub her back.
text: As he does, his right hand drifts up towards her hair, and
text: then, slowly, unconsciously, he begins to spin a lock of it
text: around his index finger.
text: Suddenly, his eyes pop wide open and he jerks away as if he’s
dialog: been shocked.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: That thing. That thing I just did.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: With your hair!
text: He angrily hits himself in the head a few times. As he
dialog: oes...
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s new. That’s a new one.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Porter? Porter, you’re kinda
dialog: freaking me out.
text: Porter puts his head in his hands.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: That’s 58.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: He looks like he wants to explain, but can’t find the words.
dialog: 62.
text: Norah is totally lost. Her face says she’s decided this was
text: all a big mistake. She’s about to Say so when her phone
text: rings. She looks at it, picks it up.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (bright )
dialog: Hey mom.
text: Disgusted with himself, Porter gets out of the car, walks
text: away. Norah makes a motion like ‘where are you going’ but
text: he’s gone. She stays on the phone.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: No, we're still studying. Just
dialog: getting back to the library. Um,
dialog: okay. I guess. Actually, we might
dialog: ack early. Yeah. We don’t have
dialog: as much to go over as I thought.
dialog: Okay. Yeah, I’11 call you. Love
dialog: you. Bye.
text: Norah hangs up. She SIGHS. She takes a long beat deciding
dialog: what she wants to do next.
scene_heading: EXT. PORTER'S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Norah opens her door gets out. When she turns she sees Porter
text: standing by the side of the building. In Robin’s Egg he’s
dialog: written:
text: FOR AN AWKWARD TIME CALL PORTER BLACK
text: She can’t help but smile. She walks toward him. They both
text: stare at the wall.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I know you're new at this, but you
dialog: usually want to avoid using your
dialog: full name.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: What was that back there?
text: Porter shakes his head. He looks at the rubber band on his
text: wrist. Toys with it.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: How may little ways do you think
dialog: two things can be alike before you
dialog: have to start worrying about the
dialog: big ones?
text: She has no idea what to say to this. He turns to her.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D
dialog: This is like, the worst first date
dialog: ever, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Yes.
text: She takes the spray can out of his hand.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: So far.
text: She walks up and starts to paint out his name.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: We're going to cover this up, and
dialog: then you" re going to buy me
dialog: something to eat in part of town
dialog: where no one was murdered this week
dialog: and then I’1l get back to you.
dialog: Deal?
text: Porter is about to answer when suddenly a spotlight hits
dialog: them.
text: They turn to see a police car idling in the street. A long
dialog: beat, then...
text: The police car flips on its red and blue lights.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSY RESTAURANT
text: Walter and Meredith are eating. It’s silent. Awkward. Walter
text: keeps The Beaver in his lap. He looks nervous.
text: The WAITER steps over.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: How is everything?
text: Walter looks at Meredith. He nods.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Excellent. Thanks.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, now might be a good time
dialog: for the...
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Yes ma’am.
text: The waiter departs. Meredith smiles at Walter. SILENCE.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I was listening to the radio.
dialog: Apparently it’s supposed to_be
dialog: really hot this weekend. Well, not
text: really hot, but hot. Above average.
dialog: 64.
text: Walter nods. They’ve been reduced to talking about the
dialog: weather.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: How’s work? Are you making the
dialog: schedule?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: It’s good.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Busy.
text: Now Meredith nods. Walter’s face says he’s trying. He doesn’t
text: look depressed. More deer in the headlights. SILENCE.
text: The waiter returns and places a wrapped gift on the table.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Thank you.
text: She pushes it across to Walter.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Go ahead.
text: He reaches out to unwrap it, using his free hand and The
text: Beaver. Inside is a memory box, similar to the first one we
text: saw, but significantly more ornate.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: It's very nice. Thank you.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Henry helped me. Which means, I
dialog: bought the wood and Henry made it.
dialog: (beat
text: Look ‘inside.
text: He opens the box. It’s full of old photos.
text: ANGLE ON the photos. They’re all shots Walter and Meredith in
dialog: younger, happier times.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: I was tooking through some things.
dialog: I just thought... it’s important to
dialog: remind ourselves, you know, how it
dialog: was. How it should be.
text: He flips through. Shots of them smiling, laughing, holding
text: babies. Shots of them in Halloween costumes, at Christmas
text: parties, on vacation. Him with her on his shoulders.
text: As he looks, Walter starts to tear up and CRY. For a moment,
text: it’s just a quiet sentimental WEEP. But it quickly expands
text: into a more hiccupy-breakdown-SOB.
text: Other diners stare.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Walter. Walter, it’s okay. Hon,
dialog: look at me. Walter.
text: But he’s inconsolable. He just keeps staring at the last
text: photo, her on his shoulders, both of them laughing.
text: He’s worked up a solid cry now. Everyone is staring.
dialog: Suddenly...
text: He raises The Beaver. Just the act of doing so helps him
text: choke back the tears. He lets it take over.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Is this what you want? Is this
dialog: progress? Christ, woman, he’s
dialog: ffering from dé ression, not
dialog: amnesia. You think the problem is
dialog: that he just doesn’t remember these
dialog: things? Remembering has nothing to
dialog: do with it. He can remember what it
dialog: was like to play little league.
dialog: That doesn’t mean he can go sign up
dialog: for a team!
text: The sight of The Beaver has the other diners really locked
text: in. Meredith is mortified.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: He can’t go back. Don’t you see
dialog: that? This is all in the past, and
dialog: dredging it up... we all know "where
dialog: this leads. We know where Walter
dialog: oes. You want the rest of your
dialog: ife to be like tonight? That's
dialog: Walter. That’s the best he can do.
dialog: He’s not going back to that.
text: Suddenly she doesn’t care who’s watching.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: What does that mean?
text: Her cell phone is RINGING on the table.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: It means we’ve turned over a new
dialog: leaf. We’ve got a fresh start. We-
text: She’s not planning to answer, but when she sees the name, she
text: picks up immediately.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Porter?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION
text: Porter and Norah sit in chairs against a wall. She’s CRYING.
text: He tries to console her. She jerks away.
text: NEW ANGLE reveals NORAH’S MOM AND DAD marching up to them.
text: They stare down at Norah
speaker_heading: NORAH’S DAD
dialog: I don’t even know what to say. I'd
dialog: hoped we were past this sort of
dialog: thing.
text: He doesn’t sound upset, but numb. But, for Norah, this is
text: worse. A long beat.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Sir, this is a big
dialog: misunderstanding. It was completely
dialog: my—
speaker_heading: NORAH'S DAD
dialog: Let's go.
text: Norah gets /BPr walks away with them. Porter keeps watching,
text: hoping she’ll at least look back, but she doesn’t.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Norah. Norah, I’m sorry.
text: Norah’s mom gives him a glare, but Norah never turns.
text: As Norah's family nears the front, Walter and Meredith come
text: in. Porter can’t hear, but he sees Walter raise The Beaver
text: and start talking to the SERGEANT at the front.
text: Norah's dad overhears this. He stops, asks a question. Then
text: The Beaver and Norah's father get into a conversation with
text: Walter pointing in Porter’s direction.
text: Norah's father looks at Walter like he’s crazy. He starts to
dialog: walk away.
text: Norah and Porter’s eyes finally meet. Her look is not
text: sympathetic. It’s like she doesn’t even know him.
text: And then she’s gone.
text: Porter drops his head, begins to POUND it against the cinder
text: block wall. As he goes in’ for another shot...
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: Porter pounding his head into his own wall.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: EXT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: We hear the THUDS as the stucco breaks away. Porter’s
text: actually breaking out. Through a tiny hole, we can actually
dialog: see in.
text: Suddenly his eyes appears in the hole, looking out.
text: PUSH IN on the hole as his eye disappears and then his head
text: comes back for another blow, causing more stuccos to break
text: loose and the hole to widen ever so slightly.
text: Another blown and then suddenly his head disappears followed
text: by the faint sound of him collapsing, unconscious.
text: We hold on the hole, looking into the room from outside.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - AFTERNOON
text: Meredith waits outside the school. Henry opens his door
text: leaps in. But when the back doors open Meredith stops the
text: other kids cold.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Sorry guys. Not today. Not this
dialog: week.
text: They stop mid entry, back out, close the doors, She looks at
text: Henry. He doesn’t seem to have noticed any of it.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE
text: Henry is working. Meredith opens the door. A moment as she
dialog: considers things.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: That’s enough for today.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: But, mom, I just got started.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: No more.
text: He thinks about protesting, but gives up. He puts his stuff
text: down, walks inside.
text: The way he moves, quiet, uncaring, he’s instantly back to
text: being the old Henry. Meredith looks distraught.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Meredith is on the phone.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Dr. Macy? It’s Meredith Black.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY
text: Porter is at his locker. Hector walks up.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Look man, we have to talk.
text: Porter sees Norah coming. She’s back in her cheer outfit.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You got the website, right?
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Yeah, man, but you don’t
dialog: understand. My grandma, she’s all-
text: Porter closes his locker, starts toward Norah.
speaker_heading: __. PORTER
dialog: Just stick to the story, you’ll be
dialog: fine.
text: He takes off. Hector throws his hands up in frustration.
text: Porter catches up to Norah.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Hey.
text: Porter reaches into his bag.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I, uh, finished the speech. A draft
dialog: anyway. I can always make changes.
text: She stops, takes it.
dialog: NO:
dialog: (flat)
dialog: Thank you. I’m sure it’s great.
text: She looks at him as if she’s not sure why he’s still there.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t actually have any cash on
dialog: me, but if you can wait until
dialog: tomorrow...
text: He looks insulted, confused.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Look, Norah, I’m so sorry. I don’t
dialog: know if he told you but I called
dialog: and explained everything to your
dialog: father and-
text: She looks around. Looks at Porter.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Yes. That’s fine. Don’t worry about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: So, we're okay.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: (still flat)
dialog: We're fine.
speaker_heading: ORTER
dialog: Well, maybe we could-
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Look, we’re just on very different
dialog: paths, okay? In a couple months
dialog: we'll be on opposite sides of the
dialog: country anyway, so let’s just stop
dialog: now while it’s easy.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: That actually sounds harder than
dialog: just, you know, seeing what
dialog: appens .
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: No, Porter, you know what was hard?
text: Seeing my parents faces like that.
dialog: Going back to that house. Bring all
dialog: that stuff back up, and for what?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Norah, listen-
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I have to go.
text: She sees some other squad girls and joins up with them,
text: blends in, disappears.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Walter enters from the garage. Meredith is waiting at the
text: table. His original card is the only thing in front of her.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Hello, Love.
text: Meredith doesn’t say anything. She just stares at him.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s the trouble?
text: She looks at the card.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I talked to Dr. Macy, Walter.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter, he says you haven't been
dialog: there in almost a year.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Well... that’s... I-
text: She picks up the card.
speaker_heading: / MEREDITH :
dialog: What is this? What are you doing?
text: Walter says nothing.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Dr. Macy says you’‘re sick, Walter.
dialog: Very sick. He said that this sounds
dialog: like some kind of mania. He says-—
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Dr. Macy, Dr. Macy. Who gives a
dialog: damn what Dr. Macy says? Why don’t
dialog: we go down to the office and see
dialog: what they sa Meredith? Let’s see
dialog: if they think’ we're sick, yeah? Or
dialog: let's see if they think maybe
dialog: Walter is better than he’s ever
dialog: been. Let’s ask Henry what he
dialog: thinks. Let’s ask Henry if he feels
dialog: better about himself when I’m
dialog: around, if he’s made any new
dialog: friends, if he’s happier since I
dialog: showed up. Ask yourself, Meredith.
dialog: Ask yourself if you can remember
dialog: how things were. See if you can
dialog: remember the person you threw out
dialog: of here and then tell us why youre
text: so worried about getting him back.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: So what are you saying, Walter, you
dialog: just want to live like this
dialog: orever? Walking around with a
dialog: beaver puppet on your hand?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: What would be so wrong with that?
dialog: I'd say it’s been a pretty smashing
dialog: success so far.
dialog: 71.
text: Meredith is stunned. She just shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter, you need help.
dialog: 1 hel ve Tp Eve bod:
dialog: Help, help, help. Everybo wants
dialog: him to gee help® See the ex ert.
dialog: Read the book. Take the pill. Well,
dialog: Walter finally helped himself. You
dialog: understand? That’s what I’m here
dialog: for. He doesn’t need anyone else.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter, listen to yourself! This is
dialog: insane! You’re talking about a
dialog: fucking puppet!
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: No ou’re talking about a puppet.
dialog: We're talking about a success!
text: She looks at him, heartbroken.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Who is ‘we’ Walter?
dialog: Off his look...
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Walter splashes water on his face with his free hand. He
text: stands up and looks himself in the mirror.
text: Slowly, he raises his left hand until he and The Beaver are
text: both staring into the mirror.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: I know it’s hard, mate, but you
dialog: can’t let yourself get mixed up.
dialog: You’ve done what you needed to.
dialog: You’ve put the past behind you.
dialog: You’re moving on, and we’re doing
dialog: geet She’s the one who’s got to
dialog: et go. And if she can’t then...
dialog: you've got to let her go.
text: Walter looks troubled by this suggestion.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: I know, I know, but trust me, it’s
dialog: for the best. What we talked about,
dialog: blowing it up, starting fresh, a
dialog: clean slate, well this is what it
dialog: takes. Anything less and we're back
dialog: on the road to that hotel room. Is
dialog: that what you want?
text: Walter shakes his head.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: You're free, mate. You’ve broken
dialog: out. All you have to do now is keep
dialog: moving. Keep moving and never look
dialog: back. If it’s meant to be, they’11l
dialog: follow. But that’s up to them. It’s
dialog: out of our hands.
text: Walter stares at The Beaver for a long beat. Finally, he
text: makes the slightest of nods.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM
text: Walter steps in. Meredith is sitting on the bed. She looks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Understand that we love you more
dialog: than anything. But you’re the one
dialog: who needs help. This notion of what
dialog: used to be, it poisons everything,
dialog: and until you realize that and let
dialog: it go, it’s just going to continue
dialog: to make you miserable. We’ve put it
text: behind us and we’re not looking
dialog: back. We hope you can do the same.
dialog: But make no mistakes. I’m not going
dialog: anywhere.
text: Meredith stares at him. SILENCE. She gets UP y slowly walks
text: over, looks into Walter’s eyes. She kisses him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: WALTER SITS stoically, The Beaver raised beside him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM
text: MEREDITH PACKS clothes into a suitcase. When she moves the
text: suitcase she sees the memory box.
text: She looks at it for a moment. Then she drops it in the trash.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: PORTER SWEEPS books into a box. He pauses over the notebook
text: labeled JOURNAL OF SIMILARITIES we saw in the beginning.
text: NEW ANGLE shows the list now numbers in the low 60's.
dialog: 73.
text: He tosses the notebook into the box.
text: As he’s about to go, he stops, goes to his wall. He yanks
text: down the poster he uses to cover his hole. He puts it in the
text: trash, leaves the hole exposed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE
text: Henry is loading pieces of wood into the back of the suburban
text: when his mother comes out with bags. She looks at him. He
text: looks at her. She can’t bear to tell him no.
text: Porter comes out, tosses his things in. Without a word he
text: gets in the passenger seat, puts on his belt. He’s ready.
text: As Meredith and Henry are finishing up Walter steps into the
text: garage. He stands by the door.
text: Henry rushes over to him.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why aren’t you coming with us?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Another time, mate. Another time.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: But I want to stay with you.
text: Walter and Meredith exchange glances. These words clearly
dialog: break her heart.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: You go with your mum, we’ll get it
dialog: all sorted, yeah? You’ll see,
dialog: everything’ will be good again real
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Henry. It’s time to go.
text: He turns and walks to the car, the same distant, emotionless
text: walk he’s shown us before. Meredith gets in. Henry climbs in.
text: She starts the car.
text: Then, just as she’s about to back out, Henry leaps out, runs
text: to Walter. He throws himself around him, tears streaking down
text: his face.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I love you, Dad.
text: This hits Walter someplace deep. He’s moved to the verge of
text: tears himself. He has to swallow hard to get words out, and
text: when he does, the accent is shaky. Still, it’s The Beaver who
dialog: does the talking.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: I love you too, mate. I love you
dialog: too.
text: Finally, Henry releases him. The Beaver reaches down, musses
text: Henry’s hair. Henry turns, runs back to the car.
text: Once he’s in, Meredith puts it in gear. She pauses a second,
text: she and Walter sharing a final glance.
text: Her expression says she can’t believe he’s really just
text: watching them go. It’s a pleading glance.
text: But then, like that, it hardens. He wants her to let go of
text: the past, that’s exactly what she’s about to do. She turns
text: around, watching the driveway as she backs out.
text: The suburban hits the street, turns, and it’s gone. As soon
text: as it clears frame, the garage door starts to come down.
text: Walter watches it until it noisily closes. Then, SILENCE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Walter looks at the dining room table, empty except for his
dialog: original card.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENRY’S ROOM
text: Walter stands looking at all the projects, both finished and
text: abandoned. Everything is made of wood.
text: There are coffee tables stacked three high. Rocking chairs.
text: The very beginning of what might have become a boat hull.
text: He picks up a small item near the wall. It’s a beaver figure,
dialog: like the one Walter roughed out and took to work, but much
text: more polished, refined.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM
text: Walter stares at the memory box in the trash, the pictures
text: spilling out. He can see the top of the one with Meredith on
text: his shoulders.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: Walter stares at the hole in the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: From outside, we look through the hole and see Walter staring
text: back at us.
text: As we start to pull back he walks closer until it looks like
text: he’1ll lean down and put his face to the hole.
text: Instead, he reaches Porter's bed and simply falls onto it.
text: As he disappears from frame we're left looking into Porter's
text: empty room until the camera pulls back and the hole becomes
text: just a pinprick of light in the wall.
text: And then the lights go out.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. BIG BOX STORE
text: A REPORTER is on mic, a small queue of people in line to
text: enter the store behind her.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Christmas in... May? That’s what
dialog: some retailers are calling it with
dialog: Mr. Beaver Woodchopper kits selling
dialog: out in numbers that remind many of
dialog: the Tickle Me Elmo phenomenon.
dialog: Davyco, the company behind Mr.
dialog: Beaver says they’re doing all they
dialog: can to keep pace with demand, but
dialog: admits there have been shortages.
dialog: interestingly, you may recall that
dialog: Davyco, which had earlier success
dialog: with 90's fads Action Jack and
dialog: Princess Stephanie, lost its
dialog: founder and CEO Davy Conyers ina
dialog: highly publicized restaurant
dialog: choking incident while in the
dialog: company of a paid escort and since
dialog: then the company has been in steep
text: decline, hovering on the verge of
dialog: bankruptcy earlier this year. But
text: thanks to Mr. Beaver, it looks like
dialog: that won’t be happening anytime
dialog: soon.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S OFFICE - EVENING
text: Walter flips off the TV as the report ends. He turns to The
text: VP who’s sitting across from him holding a snifter of brandy.
dialog: 76.
text: Their voices indicate that they’re a bit on the tipsy side.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: It’s like a hundred million dollar
dialog: ad campaign for free.
text: They both LAUGH. The VP takes a sip of his brandy.
text: We see that Walter also has a snifter. It has two straws. He
text: puts one to his lips, one to the Beavers, and drinks.
text: The VP shifts in his seat.
speaker_heading: THE VP (CONT'D)
dialog: Speaking of, we've been getting a
dialog: lot of media requests for you.
dialog: We've been declining obviously, but
dialog: if we set up a big conference call
dialog: we could milk the SER a little
dialog: without really exposing too much.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Conference call? Don’t be
dialog: ridiculous, mate. Who’s the biggest
dialog: request we've had?
dialog: THE VP.
dialog: I don’t know. All the morning
text: shows. CNN. CNBC.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Today show then. Set it up.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: Sir, the Today show is... on
dialog: television.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Why are you acting like we've got
dialog: something to hide, mate? The case
dialog: is just the opposite. We’ve got a
dialog: story, not just about the rebirth
dialog: of a company, but of a man. That’s
dialog: a powerful tale and we should be
dialog: looking to tell it wherever they’11
dialog: listen.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: It’s just hard to predict how
dialog: people are going to... react.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: How did you react?
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: Well, I was pretty shocked at
dialog: first.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Of course you were. But I’ve
dialog: convinced you it’s for the best,
dialog: have I not? And the rest of the
dialog: gtatt? How many people have we
dialog: os
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: So what makes you think I can’t
dialog: convince them?
text: The VP thinks this over.
dialog: THE V!
dialog: It would certainly be a story.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Damn right. And who better to tell
dialog: it?
text: The VP nods. He’s coming around on this. A beat.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: I have to tell you, in the
dialog: beginning, I think a lot of us
dialog: thought this was the beginning of
dialog: the end.
text: They LAUGH.
speaker_heading: THE VP (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know how you did it, but-
text: He raises his glass. Walter reciprocates. CLINK.
speaker_heading: THE VP (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m damn glad you did, and frankly,
dialog: proud to have been part of it.
text: They both take a drink. A quiet stillness settles. They
text: regard one another for a moment. Then...
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: I’m going to tell you something.
dialog: Something I haven’t told anyone
dialog: else. But it’s something that I
dialog: think you’re ready to hear.
dialog: The VP looks honored to be entrusted.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: The truth is... I’m not a puppet.
text: The VP smiles, waiting for the punch line.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm afraid I’m quite serious, mate.
dialog: I’m as real as you or Walter.
text: The VP is struggling, still hoping this is a joke. He feels
dialog: obligated to say something.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: I... don’t understand.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Well, dmagine Siamese Twins, but
dialog: instead of being cut apart, we’ve
dialog: been put back together. You see?
dialog: We're a part of a system, something
dialog: that’s fully integrated, shared.
dialog: He’s part of me and I’m literally a
text: part of him. We make one another
dialog: whole. And now that that’s
dialog: happened, now that we’ve been
dialog: joined, we couldn't be separated if
dialog: we wanted to.
text: The VP has given up waiting for the other shoe. He just looks
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: I understand, believe me, it’s hard
dialog: to swallow. Neither of us has the
dialog: slightest clue how it happened. It
dialog: would appear that when I breathed
dialog: life into him, he breathed life
dialog: into me. I suppose I just wanted
dialog: you to know it’s not an act, it’s
dialog: not a gimmick, it’s not a stunt.
dialog: I’m real, alive, fused. And that’s
dialog: not going to change. It’s not going
dialog: to be undone.
text: The VP nods.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: Okay.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: You don’t believe me.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: It's not that, sir, it’s just
dialog: very... strange. I’m sure you
dialog: believe-
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Pull me off.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Come up here and pull me off of
text: Walter’s hand.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: That's really not necessary, sir.
dialog: If you say-
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Come up here and pull me off his
dialog: goddamned hand.
text: The VP sits stunned for a moment. Finally, he puts down his
text: snifter, moves to the desk. He’s struck by the size of
text: Walter’s bulging left forearm.
text: He looks at Walter for a beat, then puts his hands on The
text: Beaver. He makes the faintest’ of tugging motions.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh come on. Pull.
text: The VP sighs. This time he pulls a little harder. The Beaver
text: doesn’t budge.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on dammit! Stop being a pussy!
speaker_heading: PULL!
text: Now this is getting on the VP’s nerves. This time he yanks.
dialog: Still nothing.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s the way. Come on!
text: Suddenly, the VP wants to prove to Walter that he’s
text: delusional. He really gets into it.
text: He leans back, he GRUNTS. Nothing.
text: He changes his grip, puts a foot on the desk to brace
text: himself. He STRAINS.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: (as_he pulls)
dialog: Jesus. What did you, glue this
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: (calm)
dialog: Not a glue on Earth that can do
dialog: this, mate. That’s what I’ve been
dialog: telling you.
text: The VP manages to pull Walter a few inches out of his chair,
text: but The Beaver doesn’t move at all.
dialog: 80.
text: Now he’s frustrated, maybe a little creeped out. He begins to
text: grab The Beaver every which way as he struggles to pull it
text: off like a dog with a sock in its mouth.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! Hey, not my nose, dammit! Let
dialog: go of my arm you asshole!
text: Finally, when he’s applied all his effort, something lets go
text: and the’vP flies backward across the offi¢e and into the wall
text: where he collapses.
text: He looks at his hands. Nothing but a couple tiny tufts of
dialog: ur.
text: He looks across the office. There’s Walter and The Beaver, as
text: connected as ever. He hasn’t moved it a fraction.
text: The VP has no idea what to think. He’s simply dumbfounded.
text: Walter gets up from behind the desk, walks over to him. He
text: extends his right hand, helps the Ve up.
text: An awkward SILENCE when the three of them are face to face.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay to drive?
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Good.
text: The VP nods. He turns to go.
scene_heading: THE BEAVER foona iD) D)
dialog: Don’t forget mate. Today show. Set
dialog: it up.
text: The VP hesitates. He nods again. And he’s gone.
text: When he’s alone, Walter and The Beaver slowly turn, face each
text: other. Off their stare down.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CAFETERIA - LUNCH
text: Porter slides next to Norah as she’s selecting food.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Hey. We need to talk.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Now’s not a good time.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Yeah, well, I’ve called, texted,
dialog: im’d, and it never seems to be a
dialog: good time.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Maybe you should take that as a
dialog: hint.
text: As she walks away towards the registers...
text: She stops.
dialog: She heads
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I read an article about your
dialog: brother.
text: Turns. Waits.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: He really was an amazing guy.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: That’s what you wanted to tell me?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You said you’d been headed to
dialog: Stanford forever. You_never said
dialog: that’s where he was planning on
dialog: going too.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: So we’re going to the same school.
dialog: Big deal.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Please. The same school. The same
dialog: classes. The same clubs. If they'd
dialog: let you on the football team you’d
dialog: have identical transcripts.
text: for the registers again. He follows.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I understand that you feel a
dialog: certain... responsibility, for what
dialog: happened. But it’s not your job to
dialog: replace him.
text: As she’s paying...
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: You don’t have a fucking clue what
dialog: you're talking about.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: All I’m saying is if you don’t want
dialog: to see me, you don’t want to talk
dialog: to me, that’s fine. But do it
dialog: because that’s really what you want
dialog: to do, not because you think it’s
dialog: what you’re supposed to do.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Where did you get this idea that
dialog: I’m not doing what I want?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Oh come on. One day you’re this
dialog: rebel painter and then your brother
dialog: dies and suddenly you’re making a
dialog: beeline for valedictorian and
dialog: Stanford?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: It's called growing up. You should
dialog: try it.
text: She takes her food, walks away. He falls right into step.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: It's called denial, Norah. You_ guys
dialog: keep his room hermetically sealed
dialog: while you build a carbon copy right
dialog: next door. You feel guilty so you
dialog: drop your own life and try to take
dialog: over his. And as _long as you never
text: step out of the footprints,
dialog: everyone gets to go on pretending
dialog: it never happened. But you meet
dialog: somebody and you threaten to live
dialog: your own life, even for a second,
dialog: and you freak out. I’m sorry about
dialog: what happened. I don’t know how
dialog: Many more ways I can say that, but
dialog: I’m not your problem, Norah. Your
dialog: problem is that you have no idea
dialog: who you really are, and you don’t
dialog: seem the least bit interested in
dialog: finding out. You can take all his
dialog: classes, and give his speeches, and
dialog: go get his degree if you want, but
dialog: sooner or later you and your
dialog: parents are gonna have to face the
dialog: act that none of that is going to
dialog: bring your brother back.
text: She stops suddenl turns and SLAPS him. Hard. Drops her tray
text: and puts him on t é ground, hard.
text: The whole room looks up. People stand, crowd in. Some OHHS.
text: They're all waiting.
text: She looks down at him. She’s teary eyed, but her voice is
text: pure anger.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: You want to hear from the real me?
dialog: Fuck off.
text: She walks away and is immediately embraced by the squad.
text: Porter just sits there until people lose interest, move on.
text: He SNAPS the rubber band on his wrist.
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. TODAY SHOW STUDIO
text: ANGLE ON The VP standing by a monitor watching the back and
text: forth between MATT LAUER and The Beaver.
text: The VP looks like he’s nervous enough to gnaw off a finger.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
speaker_heading: MATT LAUER
dialog: And so what was their reaction the
dialog: first time you showed up for work
dialog: like this?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Well, I’m sure they thought I was
dialog: crazy. And justifiably so.
text: shows Matt and Walter on the actual set.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Wouldn’t you?
speaker_heading: MATT LAUER
dialog: But that’s not how you saw
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Not at all. Mozart was said to
dialog: occasionally feel obliged to meow
text: like a cat, but he seemed to get on
dialog: all right. Walter’s approach was
dialog: unconventional because conventional
dialog: approaches proved worthless. What’s
dialog: important is not how someone looks
dialog: or speaks, but what results from
dialog: their actions and words. I think
dialog: the overwhelming success of what
dialog: was recently a failing company says
dialog: all it needs to about Walter's
dialog: judgement.
speaker_heading: MATT LAUER
dialog: And this all began as a way of
dialog: dealing with depression?
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Sometimes, Matt, we reach a point
dialog: where in order to go on, we have to
dialog: wipe the slate clean. Put the
dialog: problems, failures, and fear of the
text: past behind us and begin again from
dialog: scratch.
speaker_heading: MATT LAUER
dialog: Well, I think the obvious question
dialog: is, why would you choose this
dialog: particular way to attack that
dialog: problem?
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Because sometimes the thing that’s
dialog: holding you back is the very idea
dialog: of who you are. We begin our lives
dialog: believing that anything is possible
dialog: and then slowly we let the walls
text: close in until all we can see is
dialog: this very narrow range of
dialog: possibilities. We say things like
dialog: ‘oh I’m not the kind of person who
dialog: could do this or that, who could
dialog: look this way or that way, who
dialog: could say these things or those.’
text: We start to see who we are as a box
dialog: that we're trapped inside, and
dialog: however we try to escape;
dialog: resolutions, therapy, drugs,
text: classes, it simply reels us back
dialog: in. And I believe the only way to
dialog: truly break out is to get rid of
dialog: that box all together. If thinking
dialog: and acting and being a certain way,
dialog: a certain ‘person’, has resulted in
dialog: unhappiness, why would you keep
dialog: doing it? Taking your future into
dialog: your hands and starting over isn’t
dialog: crazy. Crazy is being miserable and
dialog: still doing Yehe same things day
dialog: after day. Walter had made a mess
dialog: of his life, and until he freed
dialog: himself from his failures, he was
dialog: cut off from the potential for the
dialog: wonderful things you see happening
dialog: to him now. I’d suggest to you
dialog: that there are many © others out
dialog: there being crushe under the
dialog: weight of the boxes they’ve put
dialog: themselves in. And whether those
dialog: Best ple pick up a puppet or not is
dialog: eside the point. What’s important
dialog: is that they find a way to start
dialog: over from a point where they really
dialog: and truly believe that anything is
dialog: possible. Because it’s been my
dialog: experience that if you can do Yehat,
dialog: what follows will only confirm the
dialog: notion.
text: Matt thinks on this for a moment. He seems surprised,
text: NEW ANGLE shows the VP watching, stunned.
speaker_heading: MATT LAUER
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: Well, I want thank you for joining
dialog: us this morning.
text: The VP can’t believe they’ve pulled it off. He looks elated.
speaker_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE:
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. TODAY SHOW STUDIO - MOMENTS LATER
text: Walter stands and shakes hands with Matt Lauer.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: This is a picture of Walter Black.
text: A hopelessly depressed individual.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TODAY SHOW STUDIO - MOMENTS LATER
text: Walter and The VP step out and are immediately mobbed by the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: Who becomes a beaver.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS:
text: WALTER AND THE BEAVER on Good Morning America.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Who becomes a phenomenon.
text: WALTER AND THE BEAVER on CNBC.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It turns out that in fact, there
dialog: are a lot people out there. People
dialog: looking for answers, for help, for
dialog: change.
text: WALTER AND THE BEAVER on LARRY KING.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And they’re desperate enough to
dialog: listen -
text: WALTER AND THE BEAVER on A DAYTIME TALK SHOW. The audience
text: CLAPS wildly.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: - even if it’s a puppet doing the
dialog: talking.
scene_heading: INT. TOY STORE
text: A shelf labeled MR. BEAVER WOODCHOPPER KIT has a sign reading
scene_heading: SOLD OUT.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: Retailers find that not only are
dialog: they constantly out of Mr. Beaver’s
dialog: woodchopper kits-
dialog: 86.
text: A rack of stuffed puppets is being picked over by a crowd of
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But that there’s a sudden,
text: seemingly insatiable, interest in
text: plush stuffed puppets.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: We see several people walking down the street, briefcase in
text: one hand, beaver puppet on the other.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY
text: We see various people with various puppets. An Alligator. A
text: Pig. A Bear. There’s an older woman with an Octopus.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: Andrmed with the ability to make a
dialog: fresh start people suddenly find
dialog: themselves able to do all sorts of
dialog: things they’d previously thought
dialog: impossible.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS:
text: A WOMAN stands across a desk from a man. She’s yelling at him
text: with the aid of an Elephant puppet on her left hand.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Some find the courage to finally
dialog: tell off their bosses.
text: A MAN is across a table from his girlfriend. He’s talking to
text: her with a Dog puppet.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Others get the strength to leave
dialog: troubled relationships.
text: The GIRLFRIEND responds by raising her own puppet to speak.
scene_heading: INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE
text: We see an ELDERLY MEXICAN WOMAN and pull back to reveal
text: Hector. We pull back further to reveal that Hector is wearing
text: a Kangaroo puppet.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.0.)
dialog: And some even start their new lives
dialog: by confessing to the crimes they'd
text: committed in their old ones.
text: Pull back further to reveal the PRINCIPAL. As Hector finishes
text: he looks to the elderly woman. She nods approvingly.
dialog: 87.
text: The Principal gets_a look of sinister satisfaction. He turns
text: toward the far wall.
text: REVEAL Porter, sitting in a chair, sold down the river by a
dialog: puppet.
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE COFFEE SHOP
text: Meredith’s group of women are meeting. Meredith sees a man
text: reading the paper.
text: ANGLE ON the paper. A headline reads: ECCENTRIC CEO INKS BOOK
dialog: DEAL.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.
dialog: So while Walter is signing a deal
dialog: to write exactly the kind of book
dialog: he’d once thrown away.
text: Meredith looks away and finds herself staring at the bags
text: under ANN’s chair. She freezes.
text: ANGLE ON the bag to reveal a small plush puppet sticking out.
text: ANN sees Meredith looking and slyly scoots the bag further
text: under her chair.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY
text: Porter stands in front of his locker with a trash can. He
text: pulls everything into it.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: Porter is told that he not only
dialog: won't walk at his own graduation,
text: Norah walks by. She stops as if she wants to say something,
text: but decides she can’t. She moves on.
scene_heading: INT. ANN’S KITCHEN
text: ANGLE ON a table where a single opened envelope and a one
text: page letter are sitting.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.
dialog: But that Brown apparently takes
dialog: academic fraud quite seriously.
text: ANGLE ON the floor where Porter lies as if he’s been shot.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSTAND - DAY
text: Walter and The Beaver are on the cover of several magazines.
dialog: 88.
text: Others feature only The Beaver.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STATION - DAY
text: Walter and The Beaver sit across from TERRI GROSS.
text: The Beaver talks and moves expressively, but Walter himself
text: looks bored.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
dialog: And then one day, Walter starts to
dialog: tire of himself all over again.
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO
text: Walter is giving a local interview. His head is on the table,
text: as if sleeping, only The Beaver is upright.
text: The Beaver SLAPS him on the head. Walter sits up.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Walter’s staff is around the table. At the head, The Beaver
text: talks away, but Walter is nowhere to be seen.
text: ANGLE ON Walter under the table. He’s bleary eyed, surrounded
text: by toy beavers from the Woodchopper kits.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Walter lays in bed. The Beaver tugs at his hair.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Come on you miserable wanker! Get
dialog: the fuck up!
scene_heading: INT. TALK SHOW SET - DAY
text: Walter and The Beaver are on stage with a host, taking
text: questions from the audience.
text: ANGLE ON a monitor as a woman asks a question. The caption
text: reads: WANTS HER MOTHER TO STOP RUNNING HER LIFE.
text: ANGLE ON The Beaver. Walter’s not even in the shot.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (V.O.)
text: He’s the tail on a dog, ignored and
dialog: irrelevant, unless he happens to
text: knock something over.
text: The Beaver dispenses advice. The audience is rapt.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM
text: Walter and The Beaver glare at one another in one of those
text: mirrors surrounded by light bulbs.
text: Neither says a word. They just stare one another down.
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM
text: Walter walks in and drops several big bags of luggage.
text: Exhausted, he collapses on the bed without changing clothes.
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE:
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Walter wakes, still in the same clothes. He looks over at The
text: Beaver who is on the pillow next to him, eyes covered with
text: the eye mask.
text: Walter carefully turns to his night stand and with his free
text: hand he grabs his cell phone. He scrolls to Meredith, dials.
text: He puts the phone to his ear, waits. Then...
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (filter, groggy)
dialog: Hello.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: _. WALTER
dialog: gybispering)
dialog: Meredith. It’s me.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter? What’s going on?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I... I don’t-
text: Suddenly, Walter’s left hand rises off the pillow, the
text: Beaver’s head jerking around, startled.
speaker_heading: _THE BEAVER
dialog: What’s going on? What’s-
text: The Beaver shakes the eye mask off, looks at Walter on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing? Who are you
dialog: talking to?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter? Walter, talk to me.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Hang up. Hang up right now.
text: The Beaver and Walter look at one another.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Walter please-
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I have to go.
text: He hangs up. A long SILENCE. Then...
text: Walter SMASHES himself in the face with The Beaver.
text: A moment as Walter stares, shocked, at The Beaver.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: What the hell are you thinking?
text: Instead of answering, Walter suddenly grabs the Beaver and
text: WHACKS it against his night stand. A brawl is on.
dialog: If this plays with any humor at the start it very quickly
text: disappears. This isn’t Liar Liar. Walter is truly self
text: destructive and the damage he does is real.
text: The Beaver hoists a lamp, SMASHES it over Walter. Blood
text: trickles down his forehead.
text: Walter puts The Beaver against the door jam, SLAMS the door
text: on him repeatedly. He/They SCREAM.
text: They tumble into the dresser, knocking it over.
text: Walter PUNCHES The Beaver into the wall head first, leaving
text: small holes in the drywall.
text: The Beaver picks up the phone and CLOBBERS Walter across the
text: face with it. Walter is reeling.
text: Walter falls backward into the wall. Pictures fall.
text: The Beaver grabs Walter by the throat, presses him against
text: the wall, choking him.
text: Walter struggles, turns red. He’s literally, successfully,
text: denying himself oxygen. The veins pop out. The eyes roll.
text: He slumps and releases his own throat, crumbling into a pile,
text: unconscious.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WALTER'S BEDROOM —- MOMENTS LATER
text: Walter wakes, GASPING slightly.
dialog: 91.
text: The blood has begun to dry in lines running down his face.
text: His eye is badly swollen and darkening.
text: He raises The Beaver. One of its eyes is smashed. Lots of fur
text: is missing. One arm is torn slightly. A moment.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Bloody hell, mate. Look at us.
text: Walter doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Haven't I delivered exactly what we
dialog: talked about?
text: Walter nods.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: I know it’s hard, but you have to
dialog: trust me. We’ve done the right
dialog: thing at every turn. We’ve come so
dialog: far, mate. There’re so many good
dialog: things ahead. Now is not the time
dialog: to start looking over your
dialog: shoulder, yeah?
text: Walter thinks about it.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I miss them.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: You think I don’t? But they want
dialog: you to go back to something that’s
text: oisonous, destructive. Open that
dialog: oor again, even a crack,
dialog: you'll end up right where you
dialog: started. I know you don’t want
dialog: that, no matter how much you miss
dialog: them. And I’m not going to let it
dialog: happen.
text: Walter nods.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: We're a team, Walter. The only ones
dialog: we can really count on are each
dialog: other. I told you it was going to
dialog: be hard, yeah? But look at what
dialog: we've done. And we're just getting
dialog: started.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: What’s important is that you know
dialog: I’m always going to be here for
dialog: you. Today, tomorrow, forever.
dialog: Forever, yeah?
text: Walter looks at The Beaver. He nods, wipes his face. A deep
dialog: breath.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I don’t think I can sleep anymore.
dialog: Maybe we should work on something
dialog: for a while.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Sure mate. Sure.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE
text: Walter and The Beaver work at the bench. SAWING. SANDING.
scene_heading: HAMMERING. GLUING.
text: Something is taking shape. A box, but it’s longer and
text: skinnier than the memory boxes we’ve seen before.
text: They work on a lid, They round the edges. It’s incredibly
text: elaborate, impressive, artful.
text: They step back, regard the work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Walter has opened the garage door. He’s resting on the
text: concrete facing out where the sun is just beginning to rise.
text: ANGLE ON Walter and The Beaver, quietly, reverently staring
text: at the dawn.
text: Over his shoulder we can see the workbench and the finished
text: box, lid up.
text: After a moment, The Beaver turns back toward the workbench,
text: then looks at Walter. The bench. Walter. Something sinks in.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: Walter?
text: Walter doesn’t look away from the sunrise.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Walter. Don’t.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Walter, you have to listen to me.
dialog: You will be lost.
text: Walter gets up. He turns and heads back inside.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: You think you'll get them back? It
dialog: doesn’t work that way. There is no
dialog: going back.
dialog: 93.
text: Walter presses the button. The garage door starts to come
text: down, blocking out the sun.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: It_won’t even be like before. It
dialog: will be worse Walter. Much worse.
text: Walter walks over to the box. He holds The Beaver over it.
text: It’s a perfect fit. They’ve made a little coffin.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re going to end up alone,
dialog: Walter. All alone. Don’t do it.
dialog: Don't.
text: Walter stares at The Beaver for a long beat. It seems like he
dialog: might be convinced. Then...
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: suddeniy he flips on the TABLE SAW. He puts his left arm on
text: the table and grabs the saw handle with his right.
speaker_heading: THE BEAVER
dialog: WALTER!!!
text: He pulls the saw forward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - CONTINUOUS
text: We stare at the innocuous looking garage door, just like the
text: others on the street, as we hear The Beaver’s SCREAM and the
text: sound of the SAW digging in.
text: Then... SILENCE.
text: A man walks by with his dog, oblivious.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK
text: We hear the BEEP BEEP BEEP of a large truck backing up.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDFILL - DAY
text: Reveal a garbage truck backing up to a garbage pile. It lifts
text: its rear, dumps its load.
text: As the garbage cascades out we see that among the usual bags
text: and detritus there are dozens of discarded puppets.
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE
text: A shelf with copies of THE RESET BUTTON by Walter and The
text: Beaver are marked 90% off.
scene_heading: INT. TOY STORE
text: The shelf with the Mr. Beaver Woodchopper Kits is now fully
text: stocked, ignored.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO
text: The VP appears on CNBC.
speaker_heading: THE VP
dialog: Absolutely, Mr. Beaver provided us
dialog: with_a much needed revenue boost,
dialog: but I think in my tenure it’s going
dialog: to be time for us to return focus
dialog: to the products and brands _that got
dialog: us going and made us great
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: ANGLE ON the television where the same DAYTIME TALK SHOW HOST
text: who earlier had Walter on is addressing her audience.
text: DAYTIME TALK SHOW HOST
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: While we standby the message we
dialog: were trying to communicate, it’s
dialog: clear that the messenger was not
dialog: well and I want to make clear that
dialog: we do not endorse any of the
dialog: tactics he may have discussed here
dialog: or elsewhere. If anyone feels like
dialog: the might hurt themselves please
dialog: ca. -
text: ANGLE ON the couch, revealing Porter sprawled, barely
text: conscious. He changes the channel.
text: Meredith walks in. She stands in front of the TV. Turns it
text: off. He doesn’t seem to notice.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Come on. Get up.
text: He doesn’t budge.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t have to go in if
dialog: don’t want to, but I’m not eaving
dialog: you here to sleep all day.
dialog: 95.
text: She walks over, starts to physically pull him up. He remains
dialog: imp.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Mom.
text: She drops him. He goes horizontal again. She looks
text: exasperated.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Porter, please.
text: A long beat. He slowly gets to his feet. He raises his arms
dialog: as if to say, happy?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Good. Get some shoes on.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’m up okay? But I’m not going.
text: She looks at him. Considers this. Henry comes in, excited.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Are we going?
text: A beat. She decides Porter is a lost cause.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Yeah.
text: Henry takes off toward the garage. Meredith looks at Porter
dialog: one more time.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Do something. Go outside. Take a
dialog: walk. See that girl. Steal _a car. I
dialog: don’t care. Just get out of the
dialog: house, okay?
text: He nods. She heads for the garage.
text: Porter stands still as we hear the Suburban rumble away. Then
text: he heads for the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: Porter walks in. He heads straight for his bed, falls into
text: it, pulls a pillow over his head.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH HOSPITAL
text: Walter, wearing hospital issue white, is seated across from
text: DOCTOR BANKS. They’re working with a prosthetic hand.
text: Walter raises it, looks at it. He seems pleased. The doctor
text: seems pleased.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH HOSPITAL - LATER
text: Walter is in group, surrounded by other patients in white,
text: each with varying grips on reality. DOCTOR BANKS is at the
text: center of the semi-circle.
text: Walter raises his prosthetic to talk. Before he’s called on a
text: NURSE enters.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Walter? Family’s here.
text: Walter beams.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH HOSPITAL - CAFETERIA
text: Walter sits across the table from Meredith and Henry. Henry
text: passes across a gift bag.
text: Walter looks at it, surprised. He opens it up. He pulls out a
text: small hand-carved replica of a brain.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Mom says yours got broken.
text: Walter LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Thank you very much. This will come
dialog: in handy.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: So, are you crazy?
text: Meredith begins to protest, but Walter’s up to it.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Maybe. But we’re working on it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Does that mean you can come home?
text: He and Meredith share a glance.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: We're... working on it.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: They... said you’re doing well.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Eat, sleep, talk, don’t hurt
dialog: yourself. Not the toughest gig.
dialog: 97.
text: Despite the circumstances Walter seems relatively upbeat,
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: WALTER (CONT'D)
dialog: How's Porter?
text: Meredith rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: He won’t do anything. I’m trying to
dialog: et him to take community college
dialog: or a year, but he won’t even talk
text: about it. He just lays there.
text: Walter nods, considering this deeply.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s got to do something. We can’t
dialog: go a year like this.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Sounds like he was too busy to come
dialog: along.
text: She suddenly finds herself staring at the prosthetic hand.
speaker_heading: . MEREDITH
dialog: He’s just... he’1l come around.
text: Walter nods. A long silence. Walter begins to run his hand
text: over the contours of the brain. They all find themselves
text: staring at it.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH HOSPITAL - LATER
text: Henry and Walter hug goodbye. Meredith and Walter follow
text: suit. He’s escorted through a door, waves goodbye.
text: As Meredith and Henry walk away a Doctor falls into step.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR BANKS
dialog: Mrs. Black? I’m Doctor Banks. We
dialog: spoke on the phone?
text: She nods, but doesn’t stop walking.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR BANKS (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, as I said, we're very pleased
text: with Walter’s progress. He’s on
dialog: medication, but we’ve got the
dialog: dosing at & low level and he’s
dialog: responded very favorably. No signs
text: of delirium or suicidal ideation.
dialog: And he’s been very active in group
text: and with the other patients.
dialog: Frankly, he’s well liked.
text: Meredith nods, but she’s still walking. If anything, she’s
dialog: walking faster.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR BANKS (CONT'D)
dialog: As I said on the phone, I think
dialog: that with some supervision and
dialog: regular therapy there’s no reason-
text: They reach the doors. Meredith cuts him off, pulls out her
text: keys. She hands them to Henry.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Henry. Here. Go wait in the car.
dialog: I‘1ll just be another minute.
text: Henry looks at her, takes the keys, walks out.
text: Meredith turns back to the doctor.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR BANKS
dialog: As I was saying, I’m comfortable
dialog: releasing him to your care if-
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Doctor, I’m... I don’t think we’re
dialog: ready for that.
text: The doctor nods, takes this in.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR BANKS
dialog: I understand. When you are ready, I
dialog: think it would be beneficial for
dialog: him to have his family around him.
text: She thinks it over.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: How long will you keep him?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR BANKS
dialog: Well, it would be several months
dialog: before we could sign him out under
dialog: his own supervision, but-
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: That's fine. We’ll work on figuring
dialog: out what to do with him after that.
text: A beat as he grasps the situation. He hands her some papers.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR BANKS
dialog: In case you change your mind.
text: She takes the papers, puts them in her purse. She heads out.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH HOSPITAL
text: Walter is seated on a couch with other patients facing a TV,
text: but Walter's eyes are on the window.
dialog: 99.
text: ANGLE ON the window where he can see Meredith getting into
text: the suburban. She backs up, drives on.
text: ANGLE ON Walter as he raises his prosthetic hand, regards it.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK
text: A DOORBELL rings.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER
text: Meredith opens the door to reveal Norah. They look at one
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Meredith KNOCKS on Porter's door. No response. She tries the
text: handle. It’s locked.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Porter? Porter are you up? Your
dialog: friend is here. Norah.
text: A long beat. Then suddenly the sound of his radio BLARING.
text: Meredith turns to Norah. Norah smiles. She understands.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Porter sits on his bed, staring at the door. He’s clearly
text: conflicted, but he doesn’t move.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Meredith and Norah are walking away when suddenly the music
text: stops. Norah and Meredith pause, look back. Porter's door
text: opens. He sticks his head out.
text: A long beat as Norah and Porter look at one another. Then,
text: without a word, she turns and heads back towards his room.
text: Meredith watches, satisfied, then heads downstairs.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: Porter sits on his bed. Norah sits across. There’s a bit of a
text: breeze outside, and even though the poster is once again over
text: the hole in the wall, it RATTLES occasionally as the wind
text: comes through the small opening to the outside.
text: They can’t seem to decide who should start. Finally...
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: So how was graduation?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Honestly? I’d say the fact that you
dialog: weren’t allowed to be there worked
dialog: out in your favor.
text: He just nods.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanted you to know, I didn’t end
dialog: up using your speech. At the last
dialog: minute I got this idea that it was
dialog: more important for the words to be
dialog: mine than to be good.
text: A beat. Then quietly...
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Well... you still owe me 150 bucks.
text: She smiles, the first break in the ice.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: You were right, you know? About no
dialog: one really p. paying attention. When I
dialog: finally decided that I had to write
dialog: the thing myself I thought I
dialog: suddenly had this great insight
dialog: that was going to knock everyone's
dialog: socks off. It was all about how
dialog: every time you breathe you get two
dialog: atoms that were breathed by every
dialog: person who’s ever lived. Julius
dialog: Caesar, James Dean, Queen
dialog: Elizabeth. You’ve heard that right?
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: So anyway, that meant that two of
dialog: the atoms in everyone’s breath also
dialog: came from my brother. And even
text: though he was gone, he was still
dialog: this tiny part of us all.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: A beat.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: And what he’d want us to remember
dialog: was not that his name was on two
dialog: atoms in every breath, but that
dialog: every breath was our chance to put
dialog: our own signature on a trillion
dialog: little pieces of the future.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Not bad.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Yeah? Well, let me give you some
dialog: advice, should you ever find
dialog: yourself giving a speech to a
dialog: thousand eighteen year olds dying
dialog: to oO party - Dead people and atoms?
dialog: a!
dialog: Pro y not the topics you want to
dialog: lead with.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I mean, I can’t tell you how many
dialog: times I pictured all of that
dialog: playing out, you know? Me on stage,
dialog: giving this amazing speech,
dialog: everyone in awe, my parents
dialog: weeping, and even my brother, like,
text: sitting on some cloud, looking down
text: and smiling.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But it wasn’t like that at all. I
dialog: mean people clapped, but mostl.
dialog: because it was over. Durban, the
dialog: third time’s the charm senior, he
dialog: got the real ovation.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: And your parents?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Oh, very pappy Very proud. We have
text: roughly 4000 photos of the event.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: And your brother?
speaker_heading: NORAH
text: Not a cloud in the sky.
text: Porter nods.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you think that I’ve been
text: trying to replace him somehow, and
dialog: I’m sure that’s part of it, but the
dialog: truth is, I didn’t know him that
dialog: well when he was alive.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: He was always something I was
dialog: trying to separate myself from, not
dialog: get closer to. And by the time I
dialog: realized how stupid that was, he
dialog: wasn’t around. So I didn’t become
text: this overachieving valedictorian to
dialog: bring him back. I did it because
dialog: every time I did something he'd
dialog: done, every time someone looked at
dialog: me and saw a little bit of my
dialog: brother, it felt like we were
text: getting closer. Like I was finally
dialog: getting to know him, even though he
dialog: was gone. But the flip side is that
dialog: after eighteen years I feel like I
dialog: know my dead brother a lot better
dialog: than I know myself. And I guess I
dialog: just wanted to say... I’m working
text: on it.
text: A beat, then she stands.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, I should go. We’re doing
text: some packing.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (as he stands)
dialog: Really dying to get to Stanford,
dialog: U:
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: Well, no, actually. It’s not that
dialog: kind’ of Packing. I ended up
dialog: deferring Stanford for a year. I
dialog: figured I’d take some time, drive
dialog: around, see if that’s really where
dialog: I‘m supposed to be. Or something
dialog: like that. Like I said, I’m working
text: on it.
text: Porter's surprised.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Wow. Good for you. How are your
dialog: parents with that?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: (beat ) . ;
dialog: We’re all working on it.
text: She starts to go and then stops, reaches into her purse and
text: pulls out some papers.
speaker_heading: NORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh. I almost forgot. I wanted to
dialog: give you this.
text: He takes the pages.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: It’s your speech.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Oh. Well, this is just a print out.
dialog: I've still got it on my drive.
speaker_heading: NORAH
dialog: I know. I just thought... I mean, I
dialog: know your whole deal was that you
dialog: could sound like anyone, but the
dialog: more I thought about it, the more I
dialog: realized, this isn’t me ‘talking.
dialog: It’s you. You wrote it. raqast
dialog: wondered if you'd ever really sat
text: down and read it.
dialog: 103.
text: He’s not sure what to say. She looks at him, smiles. She
text: hesitates, then steps over, kisses him. It’s short,
dialog: but it says what it needs to.
dialog: sweet,
text: She walks out. He looks at the pages in his hand. The wind
text: RATTLES the poster on his wall.
text: He takes a seat on his bed, unfolds the pages. As he begins
dialog: to read...
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Faculty, students, families, I’m
dialog: here today because I’m supposed to
dialog: tell you something about tomorrow.
dialog: I’m supposed to remind you that
dialog: it’s the first day of the rest of
dialog: your life, and inspire you to seize
dialog: the infinite array of possibilities
dialog: that_have suddenly become
dialog: available. I’m supposed to tell you
dialog: that you can_do anything you dare
dialog: to dream as long a you just listen
dialog: to your heart and fo low your
dialog: rainbow. But I can’t do that.
dialog: Because it’s not true.
scene_heading: INT. NORAH'S BROTHER’S ROOM
text: We see the walls covered in trophies, awards.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: NEW ANGLE reveals that Norah and her parents are packing the
text: things into boxes.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.)
dialog: The truth is, there ate people out
dialog: there in big government buildings
dialog: and insurance agencies whose job is
dialog: to predict the future. They don’t
dialog: know you or me, don’t know a thing
dialog: about our hopes and dreams, and
dialog: frankly they don’t care.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: But still they’re hunched over
text: their computers, crunching numbers,
dialog: and without ever having asked you
dialog: what you want to be when you grow
dialog: BP, t hey know not only what kind of
dialog: b you 11 have, and how much money
dialog: you’ 1 make, but whether you’1ll be
dialog: married or have kids, where and how
dialog: you'll live, and even roughly when
dialog: you'll die.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH HOSPITAL
text: We see Walter in the ward. He’s playing a game with other
text: patients. They LAUGH.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.)
dialog: And when you look at all their
dialog: statistics, all their data, all
dialog: their predictions, the future looks
dialog: less like something you get to
dialog: write than something you simply get
dialog: to show up for.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH HOSPITAL
text: We see Meredith and Walter visiting together. It’s tender,
text: quiet. They hold hands.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.)
dialog: So instead of deluding you, instead
dialog: of offering you cliches and
dialog: platitudes, I tgats going to give
dialog: it to you straight. Most of us will
dialog: be average. That’s why they call it
dialog: average, because the majority of us
dialog: end up there. And according to the
dialog: statistics, this is what the future
dialog: holds for the average person in
dialog: this class: You'll die before
dialog: you're 85.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH HOSPITAL
text: Meredith stands talking to the doctor at the door again.
text: Again she leaves alone.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.)
dialog: You'll be married, but you’1l also
dialog: get divorced. You'll suffer from at
dialog: east one mae jredical problem.
speaker_heading: E
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You’1l work out of an office, live
dialog: in a modest home, and never make
dialog: more than 100 thousand dollars a
dialog: year. Doesn’t really sound that
dialog: exciting does it? Certainly doesn’t
dialog: sound like the life they promise in
dialog: most graduation speeches.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE
text: Henry is happily back at work, surrounded by lumber if not
dialog: people
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.)
dialog: But what if I told you that the
dialog: person described in that scenario
dialog: was not someone from this class,
dialog: but Albert Einstein. Because while
dialog: he may have been one of the most
dialog: famous minds in history, according
dialog: to the numbers, he was as average
dialog: as they come. Life ft down Ehe job,
dialog: house, all right down the
dialog: dle. So’ how come average is
dialog: nding the last thing you think
dialog: of when you hear the name Einstein?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NORAH’S ROOM
text: Norah is packing her own things.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O. -)
dialog: It’s because even if 1 the
dialog: statistics, all the predictions,
dialog: all the numbers are true, they
dialog: don’t really tell you anythin
dialog: about what your life will be Tike.
dialog: What it will be worth. fihate it will
dialog: mean. The formulas, equations,
dialog: scores, and data, they’re just
text: pieces of the story.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NORAH’S DRIVEWAY
text: We see her and her parents loading her car up with her stuff.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O. 1?
dialog: And if you put_them all together,
dialog: they don’t really tell you who
dialog: you'll be because people are more
dialog: than the SUMORE jrheir parts.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.) (cont)
dialog: I can’t stand here and tell you
dialog: that anything is possible, because
dialog: it isn’t.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: ANGLE ON all his books on genetics.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: NEW ANGLE shows him packing them up. He rests on a box,
text: looking down, toying with the rubber band on his wrist. He
dialog: eyes his Journal of Similarities list.
speaker_heading: PORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Your name is already written in a
dialog: big book somewhere and certain
dialog: things, whether you like them or
dialog: not, have already been jotted down
dialog: next to it. And Maybe ePoss things
dialog: can’t be changed. But what your
dialog: name will ultimately mean, what it
dialog: will cause others to think of, to
dialog: remember, to feel, that is
dialog: something that’s hot yet written,
dialog: something that cannot be predicted.
dialog: It's something that only you can
dialog: control. You don! ‘t_have to believe
dialog: anythin is possible for tomorrow
dialog: be the first day of the rest of
dialog: your life. You pust have to believe
dialog: hat when all the math is done,
dialog: there’s still something that can’t
dialog: be accounted for. That thing is
dialog: what makes you, you. And all you
dialog: have to do now, is create it.
scene_heading: EXT. PSYCH HOSPITAL - DAY
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Porter sits alone on a bench, nervous. He keeps eying the
text: entrance. Finally, he gets to his feet, heads in.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH HOSPITAL
text: Porter and Walter sit across from one another. Walter looks
text: peaceful. SILENCE.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: So... you're going to be okay?
text: Walter nods, shrugs.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I think so.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You think so?
text: Walter smiles.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: They’ re just doctors son. They
dialog: can’t see the future.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: But they have a good feeling,
dialog: right? They feel like you’re
dialog: probably going to be okay.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: It’s not up to them.
text: A long beat. Porter works up to asking the question he really
dialog: wants the answer to.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: What about me? Am I going to be
dialog: okay?
text: Declarative, and without hesitation...
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You’re going to be fine.
text: Porter scoffs.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: First, Grandpa and now you. I mean-
text: Again, definitively.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You’re going to be fine.
text: Porter’s tone changes. He’s not combative. He really wants
dialog: the answer.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: How do you know that?
text: Walter waits until Porter looks him in the eye.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Because it’s up to you.
text: Another long beat. Then...
text: Porter reaches down, pulls the rubber band off his wrist. He
text: puts it around his father’s prosthetic.
text: They look at one another.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - DAY
text: Porter gets into the back seat, closes the door. He’s
text: emotional, unsure what he’s feeling.
text: NEW ANGLE reveals Henry sitting beside him, whittling quietly
text: on a piece of wood. Finally...
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Are they coming?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Yeah. Just have to finish some
dialog: paperwork.
scene_heading: EXT. PSYCH HOSPITAL
text: The front door opens. Meredith and Walter come out together.
text: Walter takes a moment to look around, and then out of nowhere
text: Henry comes streaking across the grounds, wraps himself
text: around Walter’s leg.
text: He hoists the boy onto his shoulders. They walk on.
scene_heading: EXT. NORAH'S DRIVEWAY
text: Norah’s parents wave goodbye as she drops her loaded car into
text: gear, pulls away.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Norah pulls onto the road, rolls down the window. Wind in her
text: hair, she hits the gas.
scene_heading: INT. PORTER'S BEDROOM
text: Porter’s not here. The room is missing things, even if we’re
text: not sure what they are.
text: What we notice is that on the far wall, where the hole was,
text: is Norah’s painting, the one she said she always liked.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: Porter sits outside, alone. Thinking. Waiting. Watching.
text: VERY SLOWLY PULL BACK to reveal he’s sitting on a fully
text: loaded backpack.
text: Suddenly, a huge smile spreads across his face as he spots
dialog: what he’s looking for.
dialog: 109.
text: NEW ANGLE as Norah pulls up in her loaded car. She presses a
text: button. The trunk opens.
text: NEW ANGLE as Porter throws his bag in the trunk.
text: NEW ANGLE as Porter hugs his family.
speaker_heading: — WALTER (V.0.)
text: This is a picture of Walter Black.
text: Henry gives Porter a wooden compass. He pats his younger
text: brother on the head.
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: A once hopelessly depressed
dialog: individual.
text: Porter and Norah get in the car.
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Who had to become a beaver.
scene_heading: INT. NORAH’S CAR
text: Porter puts the compass in the middle of the dash. The two of
text: them look at one another. They LAUGH.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY
text: The car starts. The windows come down. Porter and Norah each
text: stick an arm out to wave goodbye as they drive away.
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.)
dialog: Who had to become a phenomenon.
text: ANGLE ON the family. They raise their arms, wave goodbye.
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: So that ultimately this could just
dialog: be a picture-
text: ANGLE ON Walter’s prosthetic waving goodbye, Porter’s rubber
text: band around its wrist.
speaker_heading: WALTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: - of Walter Black.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
