dialog: 
speaker_heading: "THE DOORS"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Randall Jahnson and Oliver Stone
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 1991
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BLACK SCREEN
speaker_heading: MORRISON'S VOICE
dialog: The movie will begin in five moments
text: The mindless voice announced
text: All those unseated will await the
dialog: next show
text: We filed slowly, languidly into the
dialog: hall
text: The auditorium was fast and silent
dialog: As we seated and were darkened
dialog: The voice continued
dialog: "The program for this evening is not
dialog: new
dialog: You've seen this entertainment
dialog: Through and through
dialog: You've seen your birth, your life
dialog: and death
dialog: You might recall all the rest
dialog: Did you have a good world when you
dialog: died?
dialog: Enough to base a movie on?"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO (LAST SESSION) - LA DEC 1970 - NIGHT
text: A dark silence hovers along the deserted, bunker-like studio.
text: MIKE stands and booms shadow a grand piano...
text: The ENGINEER waits in the booth, lit, alert man, bored,
dialog: fiddling...
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Hey Jim, It's your birthday man,
dialog: whaddaya say we try this another
dialog: night...
text: Camera moving tentatively along the shadows, discovering the
text: sidelight on a Navy surplus pea jacket thrown on a chair;
text: moving to a candle's orange flutter on pages written with
text: verse... a hand breaking the seal of the bottle of Irish
dialog: Bushmill's whiskey.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (off)
dialog: Kill the lights a little more, will
dialog: ya John?
text: They might drop a bit more... Camera crawling past the FINGERS
text: weaving a new cigarette out of the Marlboro pack. An ashtray
text: full of butts... and an asthmatic horrid cough, filled with
text: phlegm... crawling up the slight paunch in the bright jersey
text: with #66 on it... stitched on the sleeve is the team mascot --
text: an American Indian in full headdress.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: (off)
dialog: Hey man, how come the Doors aren't
dialog: in on this?
text: Camera revealing JAMES DOUGLAS MORRISON, -- 27, poet, buried
text: in the shadows, curls of cigarette smoke about his haunted
text: sensuous eyes, meditative lips scragged with beard and long
text: greasy hair, not a pretty sight, yet a man full and bold and
text: struggling for survival through his words... beneath the
text: Bushmill moon, he takes the tambourine and shakes it violently
dialog: in our face
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No music, No Doors. Let's roll... Is
dialog: everybody in?... Is Everybody in?...
dialog: Is everybody in? The ceremony is
dialog: about to begin...
text: He shakes a TAMBOURINE at the mike and one of his sudden
text: giant Indian YELLS rock through the studio.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: WAKE UP!!!! HAS THIS DREAM STOPPED!!!!
text: Music riffs from "American Prayer". AUDIENCE SOUNDS ghostly
text: on the track. The ENGINEER reeling backwards from the sudden
text: shift in sound, cursing silent.
speaker_heading: JIM VOICE
dialog: Let me tell you about the heartache
dialog: and the loss of God Wandering
dialog: wandering in hopeless night Indian's
text: scattered on dawn's highway bleeding
text: ghosts crowd the young childs fragile
dialog: eggshell mind...
dialog: (wind sounds)
text: The GRIN on Jim's face magnesium flares out to:
scene_heading: EXT. ARIZONA DESERT - DAY (1940'S)
text: The blinding YELLOWNESS of the desert, so barren, so hot it
text: stings to look at. An OLD CHEVROLET winds through the yellow-
text: orange landscape beneath a brooding blue SKY crackling with
text: ELECTRICITY -- the storm coming in in the distance as the
text: MUSIC writhes out at us like a reptile from under a rock --
text: the beat of RIDERS ON THE STORM.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Riders on the storm (2)
dialog: Into this house we're born
dialog: Into this world we're thrown
dialog: Like a dog without a bone
dialog: An actor out on loan
dialog: Riders on the storm
scene_heading: CREDITS ROLL, OVER THIS DREAMSCAPE
speaker_heading: JIM VOICE
dialog: (continues over imagery)
dialog: ...me and my mother and father and
dialog: grandmother and grandfather were
text: driving through the desert at dawn
text: and a truckload of Indian workers
dialog: had either hit another car or just --
dialog: I don't know what happened... Indians
dialog: were scattered all over the highway
text: bleeding to death.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: MOM, DAD, the youngest BABY in the front seat -- pointing at
dialog: the storm.
text: GRANDMA &amp; GRANDAD in the back with JIM, about 4 and his
text: SISTER, 3 asleep.
dialog: Mom's a beauty and Dad's an austere handsome military man in
text: civilian clothes, mouthing words -- look, wake them up, a
dialog: desert storm... but we barely hear
text: A LIGHTNING BOLT shreds the blue sky with a thunderous sound,
dialog: frightening dawn of creation...
text: Grandma nudging Jim awake. His eyes open --
text: Just as the car turns the bend -- revealing
text: An overturned TRUCK lying in the road -- dead and wounded
text: INDIANS everywhere... A cop car, ambulance. A terrible
dialog: accident...
dialog: The first thing Jim sees...
text: An old INDIAN FACE staring at him...
text: The car pulling alongside, Dad rolling his window down...
text: asking if he can help (SOUNDLESS) A line of wailing INDIAN
speaker_heading: WOMEN, CHILDREN
dialog: Mom's scared face...
speaker_heading: JIM VOICE
dialog: ...but it was the first time I tasted
dialog: fear. I musta been about four, like
dialog: a child is just like a flower, his
text: head is floating in the breeze.
text: Grandma trying to hide Jim's face but he looks back...
text: THE COP WAVING THEM THROUGH
text: The kid looking back through the rear window, terrified --
text: his first view of death. The bodies, the sense of doom
text: overlaying the land -- a child's worst nightmare.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: It's just a dream, Jimmy, just a
dialog: dream
speaker_heading: SONG
dialog: (continues)
dialog: There's a killer on the road
text: His brain is squirming like a toad
dialog: Take a long holiday
dialog: Let your children play
dialog: If you give this man a ride
dialog: Sweet family will die
dialog: There's a killer on the road
text: The boy's eyes going back to the Indian MAN looking at him...
text: then to the dying opened body bleeding out its guts on the
text: asphalt... the dying man's face, twisted, moaning, amazing
text: eyes at the point of death -- they settle on Jim
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: It's just a dream Jimmy, just a dream
text: A strange SOUND occurs -- the rattle of an ancient gourd,
text: "shi-chi-chi, shi-chi-chi". Something flying through the
text: air. A bull-roarer, a whirling leather thong, announcing the
text: appearance of a shaman.
text: INTO JIM -- his eyes staring out the back His receding point
text: of view -- the Indians, the overturned truck...
speaker_heading: JIM VOICE
dialog: ...The reaction I get now looking
dialog: back is the soul of the ghosts of
dialog: those dead Indians -- maybe one or
text: two of them were just running around
dialog: freaking out and just leaped into my
dialog: soul -- and they're still there.
dialog: (wind, music)
speaker_heading: SONG
dialog: Girl you gotta love your man (2)
dialog: Take him by the hand
dialog: Make him understand
text: The car pulling away across the giant 1940's landscape
scene_heading: DISSOLVING TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ARIZONA DESERT - DAY (1963)
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: ARIZONA DESERT, 1963. CREDITS CONTINUE TO
speaker_heading: ROLL.
text: Panning up the black chino pants to JIM MORRISON, now 20,
text: steel seaman's suitcase in hand, thumbing a ride, the road
dialog: sign behind him saying "Los angeles 370 miles"
speaker_heading: SONG
dialog: The world on you depends
dialog: Our life will never end
dialog: Girl you gotta love your man
text: A LARGE LIZARD in the dust cocks its head, blinks, as the
text: boots walk by to the car pulling over.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: JIM in the backseat packed with HUSBAND, WIFE, CHILDREN,
text: DOG, MOTHER-IN-LAW. Between boy and man, eyes ancient and
text: new. He wears his favorite color: black -- torn black chinos,
text: paint-spotted black t-shirt, a slouch his favorite pose but
text: the eyes and smile can be warm and shy like a little boy,
text: gentle surface, storm in the brain.
text: The HUSBAND, now looking at Jim a little nervously, pushes
text: up the Perry Como on the radio... as it cuts to a sudden
dialog: news flash:
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: ...from the Texas School Book
dialog: Depository. We repeat. President
dialog: John F. Kennedy was shot a few minutes
dialog: ago in Dallas!
text: SLOW MOTION: The Husband's face distorting, saying something
text: on the track like: "What! God NO!" but it's subdued, low.
dialog: Trying other stations.
text: Jim turns to look out his window, as if he already knew.
speaker_heading: RADIO
speaker_heading: (2nd VOICE)
dialog: ...taken to Parkland Memorial
dialog: Hospital. There's no word on the
dialog: President's condition. Mrs. Kennedy
dialog: is...
text: The WIFE'S and HUSBAND'S VOICES seem lost in the background.
speaker_heading: WIFE &amp; HUSBAND
dialog: Oh God, Oh God. Not the President
dialog: for Christ's sake. Oh God -- WHO'S
dialog: NEXT?
text: On Jim -- staring out the window. "Who's next!"
speaker_heading: SONG
dialog: Riders on the storm (4)
text: On the DESERT.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE BOARDWALK - LOS ANGELES - DAY (1965)
scene_heading: SUBTITLE READS: VENICE, CALIFORNIA 1965
text: CREDITS continue to their conclusion as we segue into the
scene_heading: BLUENESS of VENICE, CALIFORNIA, 1965 -- the dawn of a new
dialog: age. All was possible.
text: Individual SHOTS of the BOARDWALK throbbing with a feast of
text: HIPPIES, head shops, ARTISTS drawing psychedelic murals, POT
text: SMOKERS, MUSCLE BUILDERS, tambourines accompanying the
text: transister radios on the Beach Boys and "I Got You Babe",
text: dogs chasing frisbees, BIKINI BODIES on the beach, LSD sold
text: over the counter... set to the upbeat chords of HELLO I LOVE
dialog: YOU
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Hello I love you
dialog: Won't you tell me your name?
dialog: Hello I love you
dialog: Let me jump in your game
text: She's walking down the street
dialog: Blind to every eye she meets
dialog: Do you think you'll be the guy
dialog: To make the queen of the angels sigh?
text: JIM, in torn black chinos, no shirt, walking real slow past
text: it all, carrying a notebook of his own and a paperback of
text: Baudelaire, his eyes settling on...
text: A YOUNG BEAUTY and her yellow labrador -- a fashionable thin,
text: long, red-haired "20th century fox" in jeans moving through
dialog: the crowd...
text: He thinks about it -- a fraction of eternity -- and he's
dialog: off... after her.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE CANAL - DAY
text: She moves along its banks, as if the universe moved to her
text: rhythm, turning once to look back. Jim caught in her eyes.
text: They're alone. Now he's the one seized by doubt. He slows,
text: pretends to take another interest.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
text: She holds her head so high
text: Like a statue in the sky
dialog: Her arms are wicked
dialog: And her legs are long
dialog: When she moves
dialog: My brain screams out this song
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE CANAL - ANOTHER CANAL - DAY
text: As she turns into another street, he resumes following her.
text: She gets to a house, goes in. There's a group of people
text: partying. He stops, watches.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
text: Sidewalk crouches at her feet
text: Like a dog that begs for something sweet
dialog: Do you hope to make her see you, fool?
dialog: Do you hope to pluck this dusky jewel?
scene_heading: EXT. PAMELA'S HOUSE - VENICE CANAL - THAT EVENING
text: The two story house has a quaint run-down charm. Friends
text: have dropped by, people smoking joints, beers.
text: She's on the upstairs balcony -- talking with a YOUNG MAN
text: (professor type) in his 30's, who passes her a joint.
text: JIM lurks in the shadows of the trees; he's been standing
text: outside watching... The MUSIC shifts to the quieter LOVE
speaker_heading: STREET.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: She lives on Love Street
text: Lingers long on Love Street
dialog: She has a house and garden
dialog: I would like to see what happens
text: The YOUNG MAN gestures, and goes back inside the house. She's
text: alone now on the balcony, sitting on a kitchen table...
text: It's now or never. Jim scales the tree alongside the house
text: with the agility of a gymnast.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: She has robes and she has monkeys
dialog: Lazy diamond studded flunkies
dialog: She has wisdom and knows what to do
dialog: She has me and she has you
text: The girl's grinding up pot in an old shoebox with a spoon
text: and kitchen strainer. She looks up and sees his crotch three
text: feet from her face, balanced there effortlessly on the railing
text: like a highwire act, opens her mouth in surprise.
text: Jim drops softly to the balcony, a smile of disarming
dialog: gentleness.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Wow! Hi...
dialog: (looking at the tree)
dialog: You have a problem with doors?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Waste of time...
text: His head cocked slightly onto his left shoulder, he drawls,
text: southern gentleman, polite, slow, thoughtful as if he had
dialog: all the time in the world, as if the guy would never come
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I followed you... from the beach...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Wow! You followed me? Why?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...cause... you're the one...
text: He moves. Kisses her swiftly, softly, right on the lips.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (mesmerized, awkward)
dialog: Wow... neat...
dialog: (looks back)
dialog: ...maybe you should meet my old man?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Later. You got a name?
text: He looks into her face. Classic American face, freckles, big
text: round eyes soft as rain, long sunset red hair. She feels his
text: intense, starving eyes. He kisses her a second time.
text: The YOUNG MAN coming back with the rolling paper -- sees
dialog: him.
text: As he hops back on the railing -- swings out into the tree --
text: looks back once.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mine's Jim.
text: A moment. She must decide. The YOUNG MAN within earshot.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Pam...
text: The ice broken in that instant. Jim smiles.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Jim and Pam, Pam and Jim...
text: He vanishes. The Man abreast of Pamela, as if he's seen a
dialog: vision.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Who the hell was that?
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: (everything's cool)
dialog: That's Jim. My new friend.
scene_heading: INT. UCLA SCREENING ROOM - DAY (1965)
text: On the screen a 16mm black and white student film of a
text: stunning BLOND in black bra, panties, garters dancing in
text: black heels on top of a TV set. panning down to images of
text: goose-stepping Nazis and a Nuremberg rally on the set. Sounds
text: of lovemaking and an Indian peyote ceremony from the track,
text: an Indian holy man incanting... Jim's VOICE comes on the
dialog: track as well.
speaker_heading: JIM'S VOICE
dialog: Nietzche said "all great things must
dialog: first wear monstrous and terrifying
dialog: masks in order to inscribe themselves
dialog: on the hearts of humanity". Listen
dialog: children -- to the sound of the
dialog: Nuremberg night.
text: STUDENTS in the audience groan at the pretention of it. Moving
text: to JIM's eyes hidden in his parka hood, peeking through at
dialog: the screen.
text: A CLOSEUP now of JIM on screen looking straight into the
text: lens as he takes a hit on a hash pipe, and winks.
speaker_heading: JIM VOICE
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: Have you ever seen God? -- a mandala.
dialog: A symmetrical angel. Felt? Yes.
dialog: Fucking the Sun. Heard? The music.
dialog: Voices. Touched? An animal. Your
dialog: hand Tasted? Rare meat, corn, water
dialog: and wine
speaker_heading: STUDENTS
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: SSSSssss... ego trip man, c'mon!
text: RAY MANZAREK, a tall student with powerful voice and manner,
text: thick glasses, long hair sweeping down over his eyes, leans
dialog: over to Jim.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey man it's great, don't listen to
dialog: em, it's non-linear man, it's poetry
dialog: man, everything Godard stands for.
text: The lights coming on as the last absurdist images flicker
text: off. Hissing and a big Bronx cheer summarize the feelings of
text: the 100 odd STUDENTS crammed into a bunker-like theater.
text: A youngish INSTRUCTOR stirs to the front row from a row of
text: upset FACULTY. Hands shooting up to criticize.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: This is pretty shocking stuff Mr.
dialog: Morrison. And I might say indulgent.
dialog: Naziism and masturbation, when used
dialog: for shock value, are not art. But to
dialog: be constructive, let's start with
dialog: your intention. What was it?
speaker_heading: STUDENT 1
dialog: It was a bore!! That's what!
dialog: (laughter)
text: TRICK, BONES and JACK, three friends sitting next to Jim,
dialog: shoot their hands up.
speaker_heading: TRICK
dialog: Hey it was better'n a Warhol picture.
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: No it wasn't. It was worse!
speaker_heading: TRICK
text: A guy sleeping for seven hours...
speaker_heading: STUDENT 2
dialog: ...is less pretentious! There was no
dialog: political consciousness. Naziism
dialog: is...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey hold on man! You guys are the
dialog: facists!
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: It takes genitalism to absurdity
dialog: man, just cause the squares here
dialog: can't dig it cause the film school's
dialog: still so square...
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Oh c'mon man, give it a break. Boo!
dialog: Beatniks go home! Take another
dialog: mushroom...
text: A cacophony of voices, critics, emotions blend out over Jim's
text: quiet eyes.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: HOLD IT DOWN!!... Mr. Morrison --
dialog: what are your feelings?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I quit.
dialog: (walks out)
scene_heading: EXT. TURKEY JOINT WEST - NIGHT
text: JIM, BONES, TRICK, JACK approaching the bar. MUSIC of "GLORIA"
text: blasting from the door, CHICKS popping in and out, definitely
dialog: college crowd circa '65.
speaker_heading: TRICK
dialog: (to Jim)
dialog: Hey man whatdya expect, an Oscar?
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: You can't quit, you gotta voice.
dialog: People can't dig cause they don't
dialog: understand yet.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If you're an individual, if you're
dialog: too good, they wanna cut your dick
dialog: off. Look what happened to Orson
dialog: Wells.
speaker_heading: TRICK
dialog: You quit now, they'll yank your
dialog: deferment in no time and they'll get
dialog: you for Vietnam man. Three more months
dialog: you graduate.
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: Be cool, you never learned fuckin
dialog: patience Morrison, you want everything
dialog: at once.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: They didn't get it. So make your
dialog: films and fuck what they think.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You know what I think?
text: He slows, a dramatic young lion pose, surveying the girls.
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: Yeah whadday you think?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You really want to know what I think?
text: The cronies wait, anticipating something inescapably evil to
text: escape his lips.
speaker_heading: BONES
dialog: Yeah yeah, whatddaya think?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I think we gotta get really ripped!
scene_heading: INT. TURKEY JOINT WEST - NIGHT
text: Tall bespectacled RAY MANZAREK is banging out GLORIA on the
text: piano in bad Jerry Lee Lewis style.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I tell you bout my baby 'bout five
dialog: foot four from head to toe She came
dialog: to my room Just 'bout midnight She
dialog: makes me feel so good She makes me
dialog: feel alright
text: Camera moving to reveal JOHN DENSMORE wiry, solid on the
text: drums... moving on to ROBBIE KRIEGER, wispy, ethereal looking,
text: the youngest, flamenco-type moves on his early electric
text: guitar. Also a HARMONICA PLAYER and a BASE. They all seem
text: slightly embarrassed by either the cheap sound system feedback
text: or Ray's warbling, but the crowd couldn't care less -- a
dialog: German beerhall, they want noise and sex.
text: JIM and his GANG, beers in hand, mouth back the words, beers
text: everywhere shoved to the smokey ceiling, everyone on their
text: feet, nuts with spring fever. Jim eyeing the GIRL next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You know what I'd like to do to you?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (waiting, intrigued)
dialog: No what?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You really want to know what I'd
dialog: like to do to you?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What!
text: The FOOTBALL TEAM TYPES edge over nearby, one of them picking
text: out Jim with a glare.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Wanna hear the scream of the
dialog: butterfly...
text: She looks puzzled by the suggestion.
speaker_heading: FOOTBALL PLAYER
dialog: Hey Morrison!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (eluding the man)
dialog: Can we have a couple of beers. You're
dialog: not even an asshole man -- you're a
dialog: semihole.
text: He evades the football man's grasp, elusive physicality. He
text: hops over tables, heading for the stage. Other KIDS are up
text: on the stage dancing, but Jim goes right up alongside RAY,
text: shaking his hips like Elvis. Ray giving him the mike. Improv
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (singing)
dialog: She came to my room
dialog: She came on my floor
dialog: She came on my bed
dialog: She came on my face
dialog: Ooooooh I want to wrap your legs
dialog: around my head baby baby and her
dialog: name was Gloria
text: They love it. The place going wild. The girl with the football
dialog: player wanting him.
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S CAR - FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: JIM is insane on beers in the back seat, reaching over the
text: wheel to try to drive the car for RAY who is flailing at
text: him. Jim pulling Ray's hair...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (barely comprehensible)
text: HA HA HA HA HA! COME ON, LET'S DRIVE
scene_heading: TO MEXICO MAN. TIJUANA. LET'S GET
speaker_heading: LOST!
text: Jammed into the sedan are TRICK, BONES, ROBBIE, JOHN...
speaker_heading: RAY &amp; ALL
dialog: COOL IT JIM, COME ON COOL IT.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: FREEDOM!!! DON'T YOU KNOW YOU'RE ALL
speaker_heading: SLAVES!
text: As he winds down the window and starts crawling out of the
text: car. Heavy traffic. Ray weaving to avoid another vehicle.
text: Honking horn.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: HE'S GOING OUT! HE'S GOING OUT!
speaker_heading: TRICK
dialog: HE'S GONNA JUMP!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: GET HIM BACK IN!
text: His waist is out the window, John and all grabbing for his
dialog: heels.
scene_heading: EXT. SPEEDING CAR - NIGHT
text: SPECIAL EFFECT: JIM's head six inches from pavement moving
text: at 60 mph through heavy traffic. Screaming, laughing like a
text: maniac. Beeping horns all over the place.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: DEATH OLD FRIEND!!
text: In the car, madness, raging chaos, the four boys pulling him
dialog: in.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. PAMELA'S HOUSE - VENICE CANAL - THAT NIGHT
text: Night. Shadows. A tree. A figure moving.
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: (SONG)
dialog: Awake!
dialog: Shake dreams from your hair, my pretty child my sweet one
dialog: Choose the day and choose the sign of your day
dialog: The day's divinity the first thing you see
text: Jim slides her upstairs' door open, crawls in next to her
text: bed. She's asleep with her boyfriend. He touches her toe.
text: She awakes, startled.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on, come out for a walk, it's a
dialog: pretty night.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: You're crazy!
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE CANALS - NIGHT
text: JIM and PAMELA moving along the byways. A clear starry
dialog: California night.
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: (SONG)
text: A vast radiant beach
dialog: And a cool jewelled moon
text: Couples naked, race down by its quiet side
dialog: And we laugh like soft mad children
text: There's a crash. They turn bristling.
text: A COYOTE lurks under the sickly light of a streetlamp, pulling
text: its head from an overstuffed garbage can, looking back at
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE BOARDWALK - NIGHT
text: Fires on the boardwalk. Hippies, Bums, Older People. JIM and
text: PAM move through talking, skipping, touching like children.
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: (SONG)
text: ...smug in the wooly cotton brains of infancy
text: The music and voices are all around us
dialog: Choose, they croon, the ancient ones
dialog: The time has come again
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE BEACH - NIGHT
text: The two of them race down by its side, slowing to a walk.
dialog: His [...] loved orphan voice.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Can I stay with you tonight? We could
dialog: talk 'till dawn. I just don't want
dialog: to be alone.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Okay... just talk though. No funny
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Okay. I promise.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I've been real upset. I lost my car
dialog: on the freeway yesterday. I left it
dialog: somewhere and I can't remember where
dialog: and when I went back it was gone. My
dialog: sister...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I bet you never expected life could
dialog: be this hard.
dialog: (strokes her hair
dialog: affectionately)
dialog: And you're still so young.
text: She breaks into sobs, seeking his arms. He hugs her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I wonder where we'll be ten years
dialog: from now?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I really don't want to know
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: (SONG)
dialog: Choose now, they croon
dialog: Beneath the moon
text: Beside an ancient lake
dialog: Enter again the sweet forest
dialog: Enter the hot dream
dialog: Come with us
text: Everything is broken up and dances
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Their silhouettes mount the fire escape of a jagged old
text: structure overlooking the boardwalk.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: PAM glancing through Jim's notebooks as they sit on his
text: sleeping bag with a lantern and bunsen burner, overlooking
text: moon, ocean, scudding clouds and a vast forest of television
text: antennas. Fires burn from the beach.
dialog: In the notebooks, at intervals during the conversation, we
text: see powerful sketches colored in visionary hallucinogenic
text: William Blake mode with writing between. Books are everywhere --
text: panning Kerouac, Ginsberg, Nietzsche, Rimbaud, Mailer, Artaud,
text: mythological works, shamanistic books, a library of stolen
dialog: ideas.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (reading, looking)
dialog: These are like beautiful! I never
dialog: read much poetry in school. I hated
dialog: it. What's a "shaman"?
dialog: (mispronounces)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He's the medicine man who starts in
dialog: a peyote trance. And he gets everyone
dialog: in the tribe going and they share in
dialog: his vision and it heals them. It's
dialog: the same in all cultures -- Greeks,
dialog: Jesus. Some Indians say the first
dialog: shaman invented sex. He's the one
dialog: who makes you crazy.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Are you a "shaman"?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Uh
dialog: (pause)
dialog: no. I just write about it. What turns
dialog: you on?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I don't know. Experience. Freedom.
dialog: Love... Now. Peyote's like love.
dialog: When it's given it's blessed. When
dialog: it's sold it's damned. I like peyote.
dialog: I like acid, it's easier to get. I
dialog: like the spiritual voyage. The first
dialog: time I did acid I saw God. I did. I
dialog: had a friend who was Christ. And he
dialog: was Judas too. I suddenly knew the
dialog: secret of everything -- that we're
dialog: all one, the universe is one. And
dialog: that everything is beautiful.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Is it? I don't know. I think you're
text: alive by confronting death -- by
dialog: experiencing pain.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I think you're alive by recognizing
dialog: beauty -- seeing truth because when
dialog: you discover truth you discover what
dialog: love is... we're all saying the same
dialog: thing. It's "love me and I'll love
dialog: you."
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (looks at her, ironic)
dialog: It's only thru death that you know
dialog: life. Jesus, medicine men heal people
text: by sacrificing their own life.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Do you love Death?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I think life hurts a lot more than
dialog: death. When you die the pain is over.
text: Pam shivers, a strange thought.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Why do I look at you... and see my
dialog: death?
dialog: (pause, shrugs)
dialog: No, that's ridiculous.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I bet your dad's a school teacher.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: How did you know!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What was your father?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Military
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I bet you moved around a lot.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah, about 8 times.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: How many sisters and brothers?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Two.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: One... she's the pretty one... I
dialog: love your neck.
dialog: (she gets in his lap)
text: He runs his fingers thru her hair, kissing her gently.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: "...but one, the most beautiful one
text: of all dances in a ring of fire and
dialog: throws off the challenge with a shrug"
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: That's beautiful. Who did you write
dialog: it for?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I wrote it for you.
text: The panties coming off. Rousseau dangling from the Venice
text: moon. He moves a little over excited, nervous, more awkward
dialog: than we might expect.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: ...take your time, Jim... there's no
dialog: hurry, I'm all you have to do
dialog: tonight...
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Well the clock says it's time to close now
dialog: I guess I'd better go now...
text: As we depart the rooftop.
dialog: Your fingers weak with minarets
dialog: Speaking secret alphabets
dialog: I light another cigarette
dialog: Learn to forget, learn to forget, learn to forget
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Possibly we hear the soft backbeat of MOONLIGHT DRIVE without
dialog: lyrics.
text: RAY MANZAREK is meditating in yoga posture, longer hair as
text: well, in his post-graduate phase, sandals, colorful hippie
text: shirt. But the meditation is not going well. He's shaking
text: his head at himself, frowning.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Om om... No bliss! No bliss!
text: Jim has approached closer, amused, looking down.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey Ray, try acid man, it's
dialog: guaranteed.
text: Ray opening his eyes -- his POV -- Jim, slouched, jacket
text: over his shoulder, sun behind him.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Morrison... Aw shit. Last trip I
dialog: thought I was going through hell's
text: digestive system. Something painted
dialog: by Hieronymus Bosch.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I never had a bummer on acid.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I like naturally high man.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Whatever works. Making movies at MGM
dialog: yet?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Well I saw the head of production
dialog: and I said Godard doesn't use scripts,
text: he improvises with his camera and he
dialog: said, "great who's Godard?"
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: We gotta take the planet back,
dialog: reinvent the Gods, make new myths.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Right on. I thought you went to New
dialog: York?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Never got there. Went out to the
dialog: desert and uh... got lost y'know.
dialog: Days. I been living on Trick's
dialog: rooftop. Got stuck on this chick...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Whatcha been doing?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Writing. Poems. Songs.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Songs? Lemme hear one.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can't sing.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: So neither can Dylan. "Johnny's in
text: the basement mixing up the medicine,
dialog: I'm on the pavement thinking about
dialog: the government". But he's got the
dialog: words man. That's what they want.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (suddenly sings)
dialog: Let's swim to the moon un hunh
dialog: Let's climb thru the tide
dialog: Penetrate the evening
dialog: That the city sleeps to hide
text: Jim has crouched, digging his hand in the sand. As the grains
text: spill out of his fist he has his eyes closed.
text: Ray pantomimes chords in the keyboard sand. All of a sudden
text: we're in RAY'S POV -- a mystical moment. Jim singing, no
text: sound, then pure song, unadulterated by atmosphere.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Let's swim out tonight love
dialog: It's our turn to try
text: Parked beside the ocean
dialog: On our moonlight drive
text: Jim stops, shrugs. Ray looks at him a long beat. Intense
text: eyes, the manner of a man who knows what he wants and cannot
dialog: be stopped.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Wow!... Y'know man those are hot
dialog: lyrics -- really hot!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: ...could you write the music for
dialog: that down, if we went over to your
dialog: place, could you write that on your
dialog: organ?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Are you kidding! I could fly. You
dialog: wrote that? You got others?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: A bunch. It's like I'm taking notes
dialog: at a rock concert going on inside my
dialog: head. I actually hear the music --
dialog: the spirit of the wine y'know,
dialog: intoxication.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (slaps him on the
dialog: knee)
dialog: Man. You got a voice like Chet Baker --
dialog: haunted! What the hell happened to
dialog: you in the desert? Let's get a rock
dialog: and roll band together man and make
dialog: a million bucks.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...be great wouldn't it?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (walking JIM)
dialog: It's the perfect time man! Two of
dialog: the guys outta my band are really
dialog: into this. I meditate with them. You
dialog: know them... Robbie and John. We
dialog: could have it in the can in three
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey why not, I could write the songs
dialog: with you guys.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The Stones did it outta the London
dialog: School of Economics for Chrissake.
dialog: Things are about to explode man. You
text: can feel it in the air.
dialog: (points out over the
dialog: ocean)
dialog: Vietnam's right out there. Sides are
dialog: being chosen. People wanna fight or
dialog: fuck, love or kill, everything's
text: gonna flame. The planet's screaming
dialog: for change, Morrison. Make the myths
dialog: man!!
text: Jim laughs, loves Ray's ardor as they move along the ocean
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There oughta be great orgies man.
dialog: Like when Dionysus arrived in Greece,
dialog: he made all the women mad, leaving
text: their homes and dancing off in the
dialog: mountains. Great golden copulations
text: in the streets of LA.
text: (looks at a passing
dialog: girl)
dialog: Hey, do you know her?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What do we call ourselves. "Dionysus"?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I got a name.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The Doors.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The Doors?
dialog: (facial distaste)
dialog: That's the most ridiculous...
dialog: (then)
dialog: ...you mean the doors in your mind?
dialog: Like the Huxley book.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: "The Doors of Perception"? Acid...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah sure mescaline experiments --
dialog: reducing the sugar flow to the brain.
dialog: Great book.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's from William Blake actually,
dialog: the line -- "when the doors of
dialog: perception are cleansed -- things
dialog: will appear as they truly are..."
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (finishes)
dialog: -- infinite". It's great, Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: So where do we start? How do we start?
dialog: Where are the girls?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Rehearsing. You're moving off the
dialog: rooftop and in with me and Dorothy.
text: As they walk off, the two of them along the edge of the
text: Pacific. A dog jumping for a frisbee. The music of MOONLIGHT
text: DRIVE now riffs over the real song now.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Let's swim to the moon
dialog: Let's climb thru the tide
dialog: Penetrate the evening
dialog: That the city sleeps to hide...
scene_heading: DISSOLVING TO:
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S HOUSE - VENICE BEACH - DAY
text: The first heavy strains of BREAK ON THROUGH driving over the
dialog: DISSOLVE. It sounds bad technically, but it's hot. Random
text: raw screams and shouting. PAM is crosslegged on the floor,
text: clapping to the music, number one fan.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: (live)
dialog: The day destroys the night
dialog: Night divides the day
dialog: Tried to run
dialog: Tried to hide
dialog: Break on thru to the other side
text: JIM straining to make it work, jumping around violent, still
text: not in control. Yet searching. JOHN cutting out.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's really square. Let's hip it
dialog: up. Jump on your cues.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Tighten it up. Stay with the beat
dialog: Jim. You're dragging.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Let's try it again, come on. I'm
dialog: just getting into it.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (on floor)
dialog: I think it's hot!!
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (strumming)
dialog: I still think the lyrics are weird
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: I still think it sounds like the
text: bottom of a fishbowl man.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Robbie, aggravated)
dialog: Then you write one man! We need more
dialog: songs anyway. We all gotta go back
dialog: and write.
text: They're drained, tired, in a large rehersal/living room 30
text: feet high, fronted by large glass windows looking out at the
text: beach at Marina. The room is filled with golden, gorgeous
dialog: setting sunlight.
text: PAMELA goes to the kitchen with DOROTHY, Ray's Japanese
dialog: fiancee.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I been working on something goes
dialog: like this... A minor.
dialog: (chords his guitar)
dialog: "You know that it would be untrue
dialog: You know that I would be a liar
dialog: If I was to say to you
dialog: Girl, we couldn't get much higher"
dialog: F sharp... chorus
dialog: "Come on baby, light my fire
dialog: Try to set the night on fire..."
text: Robbie's voice is tinny but something immediate's in the
text: air, all the radar out.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Okay man there's some good changes
dialog: in there.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Got any more lyrics?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (gives Jim a page of
dialog: lyrics)
dialog: Some. I call it "Light My Fire". I
dialog: figger if I'm gonna compete with
dialog: your stuff it's gotta be about earth,
dialog: fire or snakes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't underestimate Death.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah but it sounds like the Byrds
dialog: man, we're not folk rock man. How
dialog: 'bout trying it with a Latin beat.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I thought we could do the usual verse
dialog: chorus verse chorus and
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We don't need a bridge.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Yeah, we could maybe improvise a
text: couple piano and guitar solos over
dialog: it
dialog: (kicks in second verse)
dialog: "The time to hesitate is through"
dialog: (doesn't have the
dialog: second line)
dialog: Du du duh dud dada . . .
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (spontaneous)
dialog: "No time to wallow in the mire
dialog: Try now we can only lose
dialog: And our love become a funeral pyre
dialog: Come on baby light my fire"
text: John drumming it, different, more Latin.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Pretty good! Pretty neat!!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (to John)
dialog: Nice groove, John. Chaka chaka chaka,
dialog: then bula burump bula
dialog: (to Robbie)
dialog: ...you're right, it could take a
dialog: coupla long solos, that's wild man,
dialog: like Butterfield did on "East-West" --
dialog: really hip.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Y'ever heard Coltrane's "Favorite
dialog: Things"?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (hitting the drums)
dialog: Yeah -- maybe stretch it out and put
dialog: it in 4/4 on bass, 3/4 on guitar and
text: snare.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (clicking, excited)
dialog: Why not! A minor to B minor. Jazz!
dialog: That then is jazz! But it needs a
dialog: hook. Something. Give me some space.
dialog: I need some space. Leave the room
dialog: guys. Come on! Go!
text: The three excluded Doors head out to the beach like obedient
text: schoolboys while Ray fools with his organ.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE BEACH - DAY
text: As they go out, JIM hugging ROBBIE's head to his shoulder as
text: they feel the excitement of a new song.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (irritated at Ray)
dialog: Guy's obnoxious, man always bossin'
dialog: people around! I thought we were
dialog: equals!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Aren't we?
dialog: (to Robbie)
dialog: That was great Robbie. Whaddaya
dialog: thinking about when you play?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Don't know. Mostly the fish in my
dialog: fish tank.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Hey whadya say we take some of that
dialog: Tijuana acid and see what kinda
dialog: trouble we can get into tonight?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: The chicks always go for you man. I
dialog: get the dogs.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Then we'll start a religion or plan
dialog: a murder or go to Tijuana.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Whatsamatter with you man, what about
dialog: Pam, you got the morals of a coyote.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why you wanna sleep with her John,
dialog: just to bug me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hell NO!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...means "hell yes". She likes you
dialog: man, she really does and y'all should.
dialog: What's a rock and roll band for man,
dialog: if you can't party all night and do
dialog: bad things?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (yelling from the
dialog: house)
dialog: I GOT IT I GOT IT... GET IN HERE.
speaker_heading: HURRY.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sieg Heil!
text: As they head back.
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: TIGHT on RAY like a schoolmaster cueing them.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Okay here it is. Bach and Rock. Count
dialog: it off John
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (clicking)
dialog: 1... 2... 1 - 2 - 3
dialog: (crack)
text: It goes. The famous organ intro to LIGHT MY FIRE blends over
text: the room like magic, carrying JIM, ROBBIE, JOHN, DOROTHY,
dialog: PAMELA along over:
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET STRIP (TRAVELLING) - NIGHT (1966)
text: A row of NIGHTCLUBS glisten off the hoods of passing traffic.
text: Marquees announce: THE BYRDS, RED ROOSTER, LOVE, THE HERD,
scene_heading: TURTLES, CAPTAIN BEEFHEART. The CLUBS are PANDORA'S BOX, THE
text: TRIP, CIRO'S, BIDO LITO'S, GAZZARRI'S, THE EXPERIENCE... .
text: Headlights and neon intercut with:
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY TYPE SHOTS of TEENAGERS, HIPPIES, LONGHAIRS,
text: running summer rampant, banging tambourines. COPS busting
text: kids against cars on the street as PARENTS go by rolling up
text: their windows. The action was on the street. LIGHT MY FIRE
text: carries over the montage.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: You know that it would be untrue etc.
speaker_heading: JIM VOICE
dialog: (last session)
dialog: The music was new black polished
dialog: chrome and came over the summer like
dialog: liquid night.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON FOG - NIGHT
text: "THE DOORS -- BAND FROM VENICE" on the marquee... moving
text: down to a motley crew of TEENAGE GIRLS, underage, trying to
text: get past the BOUNCER. The sounds of BREAK ON THROUGH carry
text: past when the doors open and close admitting a SAILOR.
speaker_heading: GIRL GROUPIE
dialog: (approaching, to 2nd
dialog: girl)
dialog: Is that horny motherfucker in the
dialog: black pants here tonight?
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: IDs! IDs! Can't get in without an
dialog: I.D..
speaker_heading: GIRL 2
dialog: Oh please. I forgot my I.D.. I'm on
dialog: the list.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: I forgot my list.
scene_heading: INT. LONDON FOG - NIGHT
text: BREAK ON THROUGH blasting out at us from a sleazehole --
text: half full -- BIKERS, SAILORS, HOOKERS, a baseball game on
text: the TV. A dance floor the size of a bed, the DOORS on a tiny
text: platform above the bar, London newspapers on the wall.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: (live)
dialog: We chased our pleasures here
dialog: Dug our treasures there
dialog: Can you still recall the time we
dialog: cried
text: BREAK on through to the other side
dialog: (3)
text: Some groupies have formed a small fan club at the base of
text: the stage, muscling past PAM, but most people ignore them,
text: drinking, arguing, dancing to their own fuckbeats. Possibly
text: this has something to do with the fact that JIM sings with
text: his back to all of them.
text: JOHN looking over furious at RAY who mutters under the music.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Turn around Jim! Come on let 'em in.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I found an island in your arms
dialog: A country in your eyes
dialog: Arms that chained us, eyes that lied
speaker_heading: (CHORUS)
text: Jim jumps around violently to the front, getting the attention
text: of all. Rubbing his leather pants against the mike stand,
text: leaning against it, not yet comfortable with the extrovert
text: side of himself, eyes closed, but starting to enjoy it. He
text: sings to Pam.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - THE FOG - THAT NIGHT
text: JERRY, the ex-vice cop manager who runs the joint, can't
text: understand the appeal, talking to JIM and ROBBIE who are
text: packing and hauling their equipment out. DOROTHY is there.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: So Jerry... do we get paid for this?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (ignoring her)
dialog: What shit, "day destroys the night",
dialog: "crawl back in your brain", "go
dialog: insane". What do people wanna pay
dialog: money to hear that shit.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (explains it, gentle)
dialog: The greater the suffering, the more
dialog: terrible the events, the greater the
dialog: pleasure Jerry. They want it, it's
dialog: catharsis. Like the ancient Greeks.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (amused)
dialog: We're in Los Angeles punk, how would
dialog: you know, they like your pants,
dialog: they're not listenin' to you, what
dialog: the hell they see in you I...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: But they understand Jerry. All our
text: real desires are unconscious and
dialog: unseen. . .
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (scratching his head)
dialog: ...you're the weirdest fuckin' guy I
dialog: ever...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You love us?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I love ya. You got two more shows to
dialog: do.
text: Camera gliding across the small crowded smokey room to RAY
text: and JOHN in conversation with a slick Beverly Hills MANAGER
dialog: type.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: ...I got some real tight record
dialog: company connections, just leave it
dialog: to me man, I'll take you guys all
dialog: the fuckin' way, you blew my mind
dialog: out there.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah right, but what about the music?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Hey the music? I love it man, that's
dialog: why we're talking right? Some of
dialog: it's a little on the dark side though.
dialog: Ya know ya oughta get some tunes
dialog: like Herman's Hermits stuff -- "Mrs.
dialog: Brown you got a lovely daughter".
dialog: That shit goes right to the radio
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Uh huh. Well, how 'bout gettin' us
dialog: some real equipment?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Listen, I sign you guys to a five
dialog: year management contract and you got
text: it all. Equipment. Demo. A truck
dialog: WITH roadies. Three, maybe four
dialog: percent record deal. Wherever ya
dialog: want to go babe, trust me, I'll get
dialog: you there. Whatd'ya say?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (exchanging looks
dialog: with John)
dialog: We'll have a band meeting. The four
dialog: of us do everything unanimously or
dialog: we don't do it.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: The musketeers. I'm touched. But
dialog: lemme tell you something -- loyalty
dialog: don't pay the bills. Think about it.
dialog: Call me tomorrow.
text: He gives Ray a card, leaving, crossing to Jim and PAM talking.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Ray)
dialog: What a sleaze! Man, Jim's gotta start
dialog: facing the crowd if he's gonna be
dialog: the front man.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: He's just getting his confidence.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: He never does what we rehearsed.
dialog: What's the point of...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: How does it feel?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Great, but...
text: Pam on payphone calling her friends to come.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: ...make sure you get Barb and Sue
dialog: Anne to come. And tell them to ask
dialog: for Jim!
text: The MANAGER on his way out leaning into Jim's face, slyly.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Jim, how old are you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Ah, twenty one...
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Jesus, you're a gold mine, I'll make
dialog: it quick and to the point and if you
dialog: repeat it I'll deny it -- drop these
dialog: guys, I'll put you with some real
dialog: musicians, your voice, your looks,
dialog: that's what'll sell records, we'll
dialog: make a million bucks. A year. Goodbye.
dialog: Call me. I'm right. He gives Jim a
text: card and goes. Pam disgusted with
text: the type, Jim laughs, likes the guy.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I like a man wears his soul on his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (coming over)
dialog: "Whiskey's" next, I can feel it in
dialog: my bones.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I still think the lyrics are weird.
scene_heading: INT. LONDON FOG - NIGHT
text: MONTAGE EFFECT -- Jim sings "A Little Game" on the Fog stage.
text: Super over WHISKEY sign.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET STRIP -- THAT NIGHT
text: CU moving down -- the "LOVE" is on the marquee at the famous
text: WHISKY A GO GO as we move down to see JIM, PAM, and the DOORS.
text: Jim jumps through the TEEMING TRAFFIC (horns, anger) right
text: in front of a COP CAR, crossing to a long line of teenage
text: FANS dying to get into the club.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Ray, innocently)
dialog: Jesus Ray, every girl out there wanted
dialog: to fuck me, I could feel it for the
dialog: first time!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Right on stud. But you better watch
dialog: out for the guys.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to the band)
dialog: Guys, I'm serious about the desert,
dialog: we still gotta deepen man, we gotta
dialog: take some peyote -- all of us
dialog: together, we got one more stage to
dialog: go...
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I don't know man, fucks up my playing.
dialog: I been playing music for 10 years
dialog: man and this is the first time in my
dialog: whole damned life I ever played it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Are you satisfied?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Will you get off my case! I'm never
dialog: doing acid again. Too many bad trips
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's not acid John, it's peyote.
dialog: It's a bonding ceremony. It's got to
dialog: be more... more... more...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm into TM man. I promised my guru...
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I want to! I want to! I'm ready.
dialog: Let's go to the desert... do the
dialog: peyote, the good peyote.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to girl in line)
dialog: Who's on now?
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: (withering look, very
dialog: hip)
dialog: "Love".
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah, Arthur Lee's cool.
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: They're the best... better'n the
dialog: Beatles.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You mean the Marx Brothers of music,
dialog: we could blow 'em away.
text: The GIRLS looking at each other like who is this jerk.
speaker_heading: GIRL 2
dialog: And who are you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The Doors... We're up the street at
dialog: the Fog.
text: Laughter from the GIRLS.
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: (contempt)
dialog: The Doors. I heard of you. That's
dialog: the dumbest name. I wouldn't go to
dialog: the Fog if you paid me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh yeah what would you do for money?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Let's go Jim, come on.
text: Meanwhile DENSMORE is hitting up on GIRL 2.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So you don't have a phone number?
dialog: What do you mean you don't have a
dialog: phone number?
speaker_heading: GIRL 2
dialog: I don't have a phone number. So give
dialog: me your number then.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't have a phone.
text: Robbie is doing his imitation of a shrimp for ANOTHER GIRL
text: who's laughing.
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: (intrigued, to Jim)
dialog: Well, would you leave my name at the
dialog: door?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well I don't know. What's your name?
speaker_heading: GIRL 1
dialog: Caprice.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Caprice? That's the dumbest name I
dialog: ever heard.
text: A look between Jim and Caprice. Pamela pulling Jim away,
text: gives the girl a look.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey! I am the Lizard king. I can do
dialog: Anything! Raise your hands if you
dialog: understand! Alive, any of you alive --
dialog: let's take a poll -- how many of you
dialog: know you're really alive!!
text: The crowd giggles. Jim climbs a pole, yells.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No one? Raise your hands c'mon man...
dialog: let's go.
text: On the crowd. A few raise their hands, smile.
text: We IRIS in on the Doors suddenly -- a strange sound -- REVERSE
text: IRIS on Jim -- feeling it now. The peyote.
text: JIM's POV -- Pam irising out. This strange sound in his ears --
text: a rattle of an Indian gourd, similar to what we heard in the
text: car in Arizona when Jim was a boy. Now a distant Indian drum
text: beating. The beginning strains of THE END dribble in.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: A dented RED CHEVROLET fishtails on a dry mudflat, whipping
text: up dustdevils.
text: They're all LAUGHING (strange noise) -- in a circle somewhere
text: on the edge of a precipice in deep arroyos and magnificent
dialog: rocks and cacti...
text: A football huddle of faces - RAY, JOHN, ROBBIE, JIM -- the
text: four DOORS... laughing with the first mad impulse of the
dialog: peyote.
text: PAM is vomiting her brains out as DOROTHY tries to comfort
text: her on the edge of a cliff... Jim panthers up the dune.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Everybody having a good time?
text: They hug. She throws up again.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...awright, pretty good, it gets
dialog: better.
text: Jim holds his head. Feels the ride.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: WOA!! It's fast.
text: JUMP CUTS: Jim and Pam are touching each other. Face. Shadows.
text: Sand falls from Pam's hand. Jim turns to hawk at a bird.
text: "Hawk! Hawk!" Then Pam is dancing alone on the dune.
text: Abruptly Jim is back in the circle with the Doors in a sense
text: torn between them and Pam. EXTREME CLOSEUPS of their faces,
text: their eyes, the tensions of the trip tearing apart their
text: teeth as they go from the laughing to the dangerous part.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: When the serpent appears, his head
text: is ten feet long and five feet wide.
dialog: He has one red eye and one green
dialog: eye. He's deadly and he's seven miles
text: long. As he moves -- on his scales
dialog: is written all the history of the
dialog: world, all people, all actions, all
dialog: of us our little pictures on the
dialog: scales, God it's big! -- and it's
text: eating as it moves all the time,
text: devouring, digesting consciousness,
dialog: power, a monster of energy!
text: John shutters -- as does Robbie and Ray. Jim seems possessed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We must kiss the snake on the tongue,
dialog: if it senses our fear, it will eat
dialog: us instantly. But if we kiss it
dialog: without fear, the snake will take us
text: through the garden and out the gate.
dialog: To our freedom -we must ride this
text: snake. To the end of time.
text: Pause. He has instilled a flux of fear in the group.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I think I'm fucked up. I'm not
dialog: thinking right.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You're fucked up John. Go with it,
text: confusion is the sound of creation.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You should see your eyes right now,
dialog: you're death. Look at your eyes --
dialog: you're crazy man, you look crazy.
dialog: You scare me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No no no John John. God is crazy
dialog: too. God is part insane as well as
text: sane. Not in control all the time.
dialog: Dionysus was the God of the wine. He
dialog: made ecstasy but he also made madness.
dialog: Madness is all right. That's what
dialog: you want, isn't it, isn't it? Where's
dialog: that joint?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I get scared thinking of all the
dialog: choices inside. I could go. I could
dialog: stay. I can live anywhere. I could
dialog: die now if I wanted. It's limitless
dialog: choice... and no one cares.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Die Robbie.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What the fuck!
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (wandering in)
dialog: I don't know what I am. I'm on the
text: cusp of Sagittarius and Capricorn.
dialog: Sagittarius is wild and Capricorn
dialog: domestic and safe, so I don't know
dialog: which one to be.
text: Jim looking at her, smiles.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (into the same lens)
dialog: Oh my God, the light, it's so
dialog: beautiful Ray. Can you see it...
dialog: it's all one... honey?
text: Ray has his head buried in his hands.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'm in pain man. I want something
dialog: from the peyote. I feel the universe
dialog: functioning perfectly but I'm still
dialog: perfectly locked inside myself.
dialog: Instead of Oneness, I feel total
dialog: Isolation. Aloneness. Fear... Pain...
dialog: Jim, all I feel is pain.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Pain makes me feel more alive Ray.
dialog: Pain is meant to wake us up. People
dialog: try to hide their pain but they're
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I feel Lust. I want to fuck everything
dialog: I can, and I know it will never be
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Pam wants you.
dialog: (normal)
dialog: You're a good Catholic John, you
dialog: want it so you can feel guilty about
dialog: it... Fuck death away John.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I feel Fear... so bad I just numb
dialog: out all my feelings. I'm afraid of
dialog: my father, I'm afraid of Yahweh... I
dialog: wish I could play my guitar.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Maybe you should kill your father
dialog: Robbie. He tried to kill you. Kill
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I'm so fucking scared.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: But you're Alive! It's beautiful!
dialog: Fear, pain, lust, we've got to know
dialog: all our feelings before we can come
dialog: out the other side free men. Don't
dialog: feel ashamed of yourselves, don't
dialog: let society destroy your reality.
dialog: Our freedom's the only thing worth
dialog: dying for, it's the only thing worth
dialog: living for!
text: He takes Ray and Robbie's hands, his voice calming them,
text: reform the circle. John hesitant. Not all will enter the
text: gates at evening.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (cold sweats)
dialog: I'm not gonna make it man. I'm scared
dialog: Jim, I'm still scared. Blindness is
text: coming on.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Then use us John, use our strength,
dialog: it's us four now, a tribe of warriors,
dialog: everything we have comes from the
dialog: same source, the great Creator of
dialog: Being. Trust him, trust us. Ride the
dialog: snake. . . I promise you I will be
dialog: with you till the end of time.
text: Pulling John into the circle, bonding, their four heads sunk
text: to the desert floor, Jim making wild Indian sounds, deep-
text: throated "shoooh... shoooh"... now humming a song from the
dialog: desert.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: My wild love went riding... mmmmmm.
dialog: She rode all the day. She ride to
dialog: the devil. And ask for him to pay...
dialog: shooo shoooo
text: The OTHERS join in his chant, the four rising and falling
text: like a collective breath.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: ...she went to the desert she went
dialog: to the sea Joseph we did see...
text: Suddenly Jim breaks and rises out of the circle. Ray, Robbie,
text: John, all looking at him. The same need. Pamela, the
text: desperation of her eyes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: ...I'm lying to you. I am scared.
text: He goes, his boots in the sand.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Jim, where are you going.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: I'll be back. I gotta go alone.
text: Pamela calling from another dune, far away.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jim! Jim... come here, dance... don't
dialog: go away.
text: His POV -- of her, receding. She screams for him. He's in
dialog: pain. Cannot help her.
text: A BIRD of prey in the sky.
text: Jim moving across a lunar landscape. SPECIAL EFFECT: The sun
text: is black like night or else white in a black sky. Voices in
text: the distance. "Jim, where are you going?" A mother's voice,
text: a father's voice.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Can you picture what will be
dialog: So limitless and free
text: Desperately in need of some stranger's hand in a desperate
dialog: land
text: Lost in a Roman wilderness of pain and all the children are
dialog: insane: waiting for the summer rain
speaker_heading: FLASHBACKS
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING - DESERT
text: JIM, 4, in the back of a car in the desert -- looking back...
text: At the overturned truck, the bodies in the road... at the
text: older Indian looking at him... finally at the dying Indian...
text: his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MORRISON HOME - DAY
text: Somewhere. The child alone. On the living room floor. Drawing
text: his sketches in a book. MOM's feet moving past -- then DAD'S
dialog: feet. We may sense a subtle shift in mood when the parents
text: come in -- from the boy's eyes which never leave the sketch
text: he is drawing.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: An OLD WOMAN is beckoning to him from an opening in the face
dialog: of the mountain... then she's gone.
text: JIM bounds towards the crevice.
scene_heading: INT. ROCK PALACE - DAY
text: He is in an isolated cathedral of rocks. The CRONE, muttering,
text: leaving through another crevice. Suddenly a MOUNTAIN LION is
text: visible, stretched hugely across a rock. It growls
text: ferociously, upset, and suddenly shoots out the back of the
text: cave. Silence.
text: Jim, thunderstruck, gaping. A gallery of ancient INDIAN
text: PETROGLYPHS surround him on all sides. Curious, oblong
text: figures, buffalo, sacred deer and bear, creatures of the
text: hunt; hunters and their weapons, rain clouds, masked deities
text: proclaiming the answers to the Mysteries, the story of
dialog: Creation.
text: Camera weaving up to see one of the faces of the deities --
text: staring at him from the wall -- an eagle's face...
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: There's danger on the edge of town
dialog: Ride the King's highway
text: Weird scenes inside the gold mine
dialog: Ride the King's highway west, baby
text: The sound of a rattle -- "shichishichi" -- he realizes he's
text: being watched. By what? He whips his eyes everywhere. A large
text: LIZARD perches on a boulder assesses him calmly, tatters of
text: a former skin clinging to its throat, spits a forked tongue
text: and drills its black pearly eyes into his skull... Now the
text: sound of the Bull-Roarer, whipping the air, announcing the
dialog: appearance of the shaman.
text: Jim's struck with an overwhelming sense of... awe... ancient
text: mysteries. He turns. The lizard is looking at him.
text: The GHOST of the DEAD INDIAN is also looking at him. We are
text: looking at JIM from its point of view -- a blur of light,
text: some headdress, a sense of skins... music drops back, no
text: lyrics... the voice is old, familiar, possible Spanish descent
dialog: dialect or huararchi.
speaker_heading: INDIAN GHOST VOICE
dialog: ...you are a prince among white men,
dialog: yet you are a warrior among us. You
dialog: are ready now. Go out "walk with the
dialog: pain of the world, travel to the end
dialog: of the wind" -- and change it for
dialog: all men as you were born to do.
text: The voice, the pretense, -- the glow too quickly fades --
text: leaving Jim so alone, not sure what he has heard, yet he
dialog: knows he has heard, and he knows he has seen -- and once you
dialog: have seen, it will never be the same again. His eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - DAY
text: JIM exits the cave.
speaker_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WHISKY A GO GO - NIGHT
text: EXTREME CLOSE on JIM'S EYES as he continues with THE END.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Ride the snake
dialog: Ride the snake, to the lake
dialog: The ancient lake
dialog: The snake is long, seven miles
dialog: Ride the snake
text: He's old, and his skin is cold
text: Camera pulling out from his eyes. There's something different
text: tonight. Something in the air. His eyes are open, he's facing
text: outward, gripping the mike for his life, hair falling in his
text: face, dripping sweat, we sense all his soul concentrated in
dialog: what he has to say.
text: Cliques of GROUPIES have staked claims at the foot of the
text: stage, eyes fucking him as he writhes, spreading his legs.
text: Every twitch, every moment he sucks out the tension on the
text: musical interludes generates a whip of a reaction in his
dialog: audience.
text: Nobody is moving in the club. The DANCERS are still, the GO
text: GO GIRLS in their white plastic boots and dresses hang
text: motionless in their gilded cages. Even the WAITRESSES have
text: stopped, frozen with their trays, denying something is going
dialog: to happen.
text: PAMELA, DOROTHY... JERRY from the Fog, also the manager of
text: this place, watches from the balcony, shaking his head,
text: doesn't understand. Panning to two RECORD TYPES with him --
text: JAC HOLZMAN, distinguished six footer, suit, and PAUL
text: ROTHCHILD, funky, pigtailed, ex-con, early 30s.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: The west is best (2)
dialog: Get here and we'll do the rest
dialog: The blue bus is calling us (2)
dialog: Driver where you taking us?
text: The band has come together fully now. ROBBIE'S fingers sliding
text: across the trembling strings, staring at the ceiling,
text: wandering around the darkened portions of stage left, he
text: feels Jim -- echoes him back with his flamenco-blues guitar.
text: JOHN on drums, reading Jim's moods, throws in the spontaneous
text: and violent riffs that keep it savage. He literally tortures
text: Jim's ears with his drums.
text: And RAY, concentrated with his nodding head like a big
text: flamingo over his keyboard, mixing it up, throwing curves,
text: yet also -- and more delicately -- torturing Jim with the
text: messianic organ sounds that shriek in his ears. There is
dialog: something of Merlin in Ray -- the alchemist knowing how to
dialog: play Jim.
text: And JIM -- "that sneaky silent lithe flowing flexing animal" --
text: ready at last to share both his body and his soul with the
dialog: world, to live out the words of the Indian prophet... to
dialog: lead.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The killer awoke before dawn
text: He put his boots on
text: He took a face from the ancient
dialog: gallery
dialog: And he walked on down the hall
text: Ray looks over up from his board, catches Robby with a 'what's
dialog: this?' look... They go with it, improvising...
text: Jim clutching the mike tighter, seeking solace in its arms;
text: it all hangs in the air as if he doesn't have any idea what
dialog: he's going to say next.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He went to the room where his sister
dialog: lived
dialog: And he paid a visit to his brother
dialog: And then he went on down the hall...
text: Pamela sensing something is coming... the AUDIENCE... Jerry...
dialog: the go-go dancers...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And he came to a door, And he looked
dialog: inside "Father?" "Yes, son?" "I want
dialog: to kill you".
dialog: FLASH -- A FATHER'S FACE, any face, older, any man...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mother... I want to...
text: FLASH -- A MOTHER'S FACE, any face, older, a woman
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: AAAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHHH
text: YOOOOOUUUUUUUUUU!!!!! FUCK YOU ALL
speaker_heading: NIGHT!
text: The SCREAMS primal, pure Jim -- Indian savagery ripped from
text: the depths of his soul, of his pain -- bouncing off the
dialog: walls...
text: As the AUDIENCE gasps, shocked, stunned...
text: As the guitar hits a high, horrid reverb, JIM in slightly
text: SLOW MOTION suddenly tightens his backbone as if electrocuted
text: and shoots violently backwards, hitting the floor like a
text: puppet cut from his string -- we sense Jim himself has crossed
text: a barrier now, gone into yet another stage of his performance,
text: a stage from which he can never return. Like the gunfighter
text: who has killed his first man.
text: RAY sees it instantly where it's going, hits the organ! Robbie
text: and John follow. the instruments EXPLODE all at once trying
text: to bury Jim in his primal unmistakeable scream.
text: The CLUB in shock. Tribal taboo broken in one instant. Jerry
text: exploding off the balcony toward the stage...
text: Pamela, extremely moved and impressed, and Dorothy... the go-
text: go girls, as jaded as they come, are stunned tension... the
dialog: groupies love it.
text: Jim has jumped up now, dancing an Indian war dance around
dialog: the mike.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on baby take a chance with us
dialog: (X3)
dialog: And meet me in the back of the blue
dialog: bus
dialog: Doona blue rog onna blue bus
dialog: Doona blue yeah!
dialog: Come on yeah!
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE WHISKY HALLWAY - THAT NIGHT
text: JIM is being muscled out the door by JERRY, livid.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: NOBODY'S GONNA FUCK THEIR MOTHER ON
dialog: MY STAGE! YOU'RE OUTTA HERE. You
dialog: don't ever come back to play, you
dialog: don't ever come back to drink --
dialog: You're DEAD ON THE STRIP!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (ranting back at him)
dialog: Kill the father, fuck the mother,
dialog: kill the father, fuck the mother --
dialog: that's what I'm into! That's what
dialog: I'm into!
text: Jerry pinning Jim to the wall,
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You -- MORRISON! You're fucking filthy
dialog: twisted perverse punk, get back to
dialog: your fucking sewer!!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (calmly smiling)
dialog: You have the face of a pig man.
text: Lost in the melee, RAY and JOHN springing Jim back from likely
dialog: death
speaker_heading: RAY
text: JERRY JERRY... He was talking about
text: Oedipus! GREEK TRAGEDY!! It's ART!!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: FUCK ART!! GET THE FUCK ART OUT!!!
text: Pushing, shoving, scrambling. Past a long-haired JOURNALIST
text: yelling into a payphone.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
scene_heading: NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE THE DOORS --
text: NEVER!! GET A PHOTOGRAPHER DOWN HERE.
text: "ROLLING STONE'S GOTTA SEE THIS!!
text: As they rumble by him, all yelling at once. Into the street.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY &amp; STAIRCASE OUTSIDE WHISKY - THAT NIGHT
text: The DOORS go sailing out, followed by one of their drums,
text: JOHN and ROBBIE restraining Jim from going back in.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: TAKE A LONG LOOK OLD MAN. WE ARE THE
text: FUTURE. WE ARE THINGS TO COME.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: FUCK YOU... YOU'RE FUCKING DEAD!
text: Wanting to come after Jim but restrained now by the RECORD
text: MOGULS, HOLZMAN and ROTHCHILD.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Come on Jerry, cool it, cool it...
dialog: he's a kid, it's a song about dying,
dialog: changing...
text: JAC HOLZMAN pushing past to Ray. Pamela separating Jim
text: visually from Jerry.
speaker_heading: JOHN
speaker_heading: (to RAY and ROBBIE)
dialog: We'll never work again man. The Mafia
dialog: controls all these clubs.
speaker_heading: HOLZMAN
dialog: (to Ray and Robbie)
dialog: Quite a night! Hi, I'm Jac Holzman.
dialog: I own Elektra Records.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (knows the name)
dialog: Oh sure, hi.
text: Holzman pauses, a dramatic presence, six foot two, impeccably
text: dressed, he knows the weight of his words.
speaker_heading: HOLZMAN
dialog: Listen... I think if you could just
dialog: put what you did in there on record,
dialog: we could really have something...
dialog: and we could make a lot of money...
text: It hangs there. Impossible words.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah?
text: John and Robbie sharing looks.
speaker_heading: HOLZMAN
speaker_heading: (pointing to ROTHCHILD
dialog: coming up)
dialog: Yeah... and Rothchild here was born
dialog: to be your producer.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (recognizing Paul)
dialog: Hey, the guy that did Butterfield!
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Bertold Brecht, cabaret and rock.
dialog: Give me a fucking break. You guys
dialog: are amazing! Let's go make a record.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Ray, pointing
dialog: back at Jerry)
dialog: Hey, is that asshole gonna pay us?
speaker_heading: HOLZMAN
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Why don't you go inside and ask him
dialog: Jim?
text: Strains of LIGHT MY FIRE cross the cut.
scene_heading: INT. SUNSET SOUND RECORDING STUDIO - DAY (1966)
text: Four-track TAPE SYSTEM is rolling.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: You know that it would be untrue
dialog: You know that I would be a liar
dialog: If I was to say to you
dialog: Girl, we couldn't get much higher
text: Camera moving fast thru the control room, past the ENGINEER
text: (BRUCE BOTNICK), taciturn, 20's, the PRODUCER (PAUL ROTHCHILD)
text: in pig heaven, and the owner JAC HOLZMAN in his blue suit
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey Bruce, you feel it?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'm having big fun.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to Jac)
dialog: I got goosebumps Jac. This is history
dialog: going down here. An album of killer
dialog: music in six days... six days...
dialog: unreal!
text: Camera moving fast past a smiling PAM watching, out to the
text: DOORS on the floor, jamming... on to JIM in the vocal booth,
text: headphone to his ears.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on baby, LIGHT MY FIIIRRRREEEE!!!
text: The song, now fully -- orchestrated, rolling on over the
speaker_heading: following MONTAGE:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (after song)
dialog: Pretty good! Pretty neat!
scene_heading: EXT. GOLDEN GATE PARK - SAN FRANCISCO (DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE) -
speaker_heading: DAY (1967)
text: LIGHT MY FIRE continues.
text: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE of the "Human Be-In", the "Summer of
text: Love" -- swarming FLOWER CHILDREN, WAR PROTESTORS.
text: A staged 16mm. grainy shot of JIM and PAMELA, RAY and DOROTHY,
text: JOHN, ROBBIE and their TWO NEW GIRLFRIENDS wandering thru
text: the CROWD sharing the spirit. Pam and Jim fool around --
text: laughing -- tickling each other for the home movie camera
text: shot by Ray... Pam is goofy, makes funny faces, teases him
text: running a flower under his nose, thru his hair, then trips
text: him. He chases her across the lawn.
scene_heading: INT. FILLMORE WEST STAGE - SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT (1967)
text: The CROWD is "beautiful" -- candles, incense sticks, flowers,
text: vibes of peace and love. The instrumental of "Light My Fire"
text: is playing, but only three DOORS are on stage till Jim comes
text: swinging across on a rope like tarzan all the way across the
text: stage -- then drops down, rebounds lithely and hits the mike.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (singing)
dialog: The time to hesitate is through
text: No time to wallow in the mire.
text: JIM swandives into the stoned crowd with the mike at the
text: instrumental section, a colored spotlight flecking him, GIRLS
dialog: kiss him. The guys want to be him, the girls want him -- and
text: he knows it, teasing and tantalizing them...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Try now we can only lose
dialog: And our love become a funeral pyre
dialog: Come on baby, light my fire
dialog: Try to set the night on
dialog: FIIIIIIIIIRE!!!!!
text: BODYGUARDS running in to pull him out as he's tossed, like a
text: limp god, over the heads of the crowd, rolling like a buoy
text: on a rocking sea, from hand to hand, Dionysus, devoured limb
dialog: from limb by the "little girls".
text: PAMELA watching from the side curtain.
text: ALABAMA SONG (WHISKY BAR) now kicks in with its comic,
dialog: Brechtian strain as we:
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT TARMAC - DAY
text: Screaming FANS chase the DOORS to a commercial airplane,
text: scribbling autographs. One of the GIRLS smacking JIM on the
text: lips as he laughs, her cameras clicking. PAMELA shooting a
text: home movie of it, pushed aside by the crowd, rescued by ROBBIE
text: and the new young manager, BILL SIDDONS...
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Oh show me the way to the next whisky bar
dialog: Oh don't ask why
dialog: Oh don't ask why
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY SKYLINE (SEEN FROM PLANE) - DAY
dialog: The City as seen by:
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY
text: JIM'S face pressed to the window, PAMELA next to him hugging
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (real close, hugging
dialog: her)
dialog: I don't mind dying in a plane crash,
text: a smile on my face.
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: (cutting his food)
dialog: As compared to what?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I just don't want to go out slow --
dialog: brain tumor, botulism. I want to
dialog: feel what it's like, cause death is
dialog: only going to happen to you once.
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: I don't want to die ever, what a
dialog: weird thing to say.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: For if we don't find the next whisky bar
dialog: I tell you we must die
dialog: I tell you
dialog: I tell you
dialog: I tell you we must die
scene_heading: EXT. CBS - NEW YORK - NIGHT (SUMMER, 1967)
text: A LIMOUSINE pulling up in front of the Ed Sullivan Marquee.
text: The sidewalk is mobbed with FANS, mostly YOUNG GIRLS.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Oh moon of Alabama
dialog: We now must say goodbye
dialog: We've lost our good ol mama
dialog: We must have whiskey oh you know why
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - NIGHT
text: JIM looking out at the MOB with the other DOORS and PAMELA.
text: The look on his face is ironic.
text: His POV -- the YOUNG GIRLS' FACES, arms grasping at the
text: windows like tentacles of a poisonous hydra, their faces
text: deformed by SILENT SCREAMS (we hear faint strangled shrieks
text: below the song)... POLICE and SECURITY pressing them back,
text: linking arms to clear a path for the Doors.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Show me the way to the next little girl
dialog: Oh don't ask why
dialog: Oh don't ask why
text: The GIRLS crying hysterically as Jim lazily, leopardly, moves
text: across the CROWD, almost like Oswald waiting for the Ruby
text: bullet but with that sweet, pleasant smile on his face, dark
text: glasses concealing...
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (faint)
dialog: Oh Jimmmmm, pleeeaaase look, I looove
dialog: youuuuu, Jimmmmmm, pleeeeeaase,
dialog: Jimmmmm, here, sign miiiine... take
dialog: a picture Jim?... Jim, Jim, oh please
dialog: look at me Jim!!
text: Their voices distorting. A GIRLCHILD squeezing thru the cordon
text: with the fatal bullet. In slightly SLOW MOTION, Jim seeing
text: her come... as she glues herself hip to hip, lip to lip with
text: Jim, her hands clawing at his leather pants. It takes TWO
text: COPS to peel her off. Pamela furious. Jim is gracious with
text: everyone, signs patiently, talks, kisses, shakes hands with
text: the boys, lets them touch his hair, his body, poses for a
dialog: picture, seems to like it.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: For if we don't find the next little girl
dialog: I tell you we must die
dialog: I tell you
dialog: I tell you
dialog: I tell you we must die
scene_heading: INT. CBS BACKSTAGE - THAT EVENING
text: The nervous PRODUCER, HERB, leading "MR. SULLIVAN" thru the
text: corridor to the Doors' DRESSING ROOM past several "ACTS"
text: getting ready to go on... animals, tumblers, a soprano
dialog: wailing...
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: Right this way Mr. Sullivan. They're
dialog: called "the Doors". They got the
dialog: number one single in the country --
dialog: "Light Your Fire".
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: "Light Your Fire"? Is that sooo?
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: They look pretty grungy but we're...
scene_heading: INT. DOORS DRESSING ROOM - EVENING
text: Bedlam. MAKE-UP ARTISTS pancaking the faces of the DOORS --
text: the nightmare coming true. RAY in a white suit with too many
text: pinstripes. ROBBIE a spearmint turtleneck, beads, long
text: sideburns, JOHN in red velveteen head to foot with a tie-dye
text: splotch on the front of it. Their hair's being violated enough
text: by a nervous gay black HAIR DESIGNER to make them totally
text: self-conscious and nervous about their first live TV
text: appearance -- all except JIM who remains in his signature
text: black leather with the silver navajo belt and shiny spangles --
text: watching a portable TV... A GIRL leaving his side, crossing
text: Pamela. Eye contact between them speaks of Pamela's jealousy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: You're gonna cut it!
speaker_heading: HAIRDRESSER
dialog: (doing John)
dialog: No, I'm going to worship it. What
dialog: kind of shampoo are you using?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The kind you get in hotels.
speaker_heading: HAIRDRESSER
dialog: Pamper yourself sweetheart, you don't
dialog: want split ends, you're a celebrity
dialog: now.
dialog: (moving to Ray)
dialog: You have very serious-serious hair,
dialog: it needs to rebel. I'll give it a
text: tinge of something freaky.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I'd rather stay the same color.
speaker_heading: HAIRDRESSER
dialog: Scaredy cat.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: HAIRDRESSER
dialog: (a look)
dialog: Honey, we don't have enough time.
text: TELEVISION INSERT -- images of DETROIT burning, summer of
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: TV NEWSMAN
dialog: ...here in Detroit, 42 people dead,
dialog: more than 2000 injured... 1400
dialog: buildings burned, 5000 people have
dialog: just lost their homes as Detroit
dialog: joins more than 100 cities torn by
dialog: riots this hot summer!
text: On JIM, as they pancake him, reflective.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No wonder "Light My Fire's" number
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: HAIRDRESSER
dialog: (to JIM)
dialog: What about you handsome?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: The biggest mistakes in my life have
dialog: been haircuts.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Don't wash it. Don't set it. He likes
dialog: it the way it is...
speaker_heading: HAIRDRESSER
dialog: (backing off)
dialog: All right, be mean...
text: Commotion from the doorway as the PRODUCER leads the lock-
text: jawed MR. SULLIVAN in with everyone bowing and scraping to
dialog: the Pope.
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: Boys -- meet Mr. Sullivan
text: Mr. Sullivan waves from the doorway.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Hi boys, heard your song "Light That
dialog: Fire"
dialog: (Herb corrects)
dialog: ...think you're great... good luck
dialog: out there.
speaker_heading: DOORS
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: Oh thanks Mr. Sullivan.
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: (moving alongside Ray)
dialog: Well the guys at Network have told
dialog: us they have a small problem with
dialog: the lyrics "girl we couldn't get
dialog: much higher". You can't say "higher"
dialog: on network so they asked if... you
dialog: could say, "girl we can't get much
dialog: better"... can you dig that?
text: A look from the guys. Jim sullen. Tension in the air. Mr.
dialog: Sullivan waiting.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How 'bout, "girl you couldn't bite
dialog: my wire".
text: Pause. The producer puzzled a beat. It doesn't go down.
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: I don't think Standards and Practices
dialog: would...
text: Sullivan exiting, waving at no one in particular like Nixon
dialog: would.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Look, you boys don't forget to smile
dialog: now. Don't be so sullen out there...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Uh well, we're kind of a sullen group,
dialog: Ed.
text: SIDDONS reassuring the Producer.
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: We'll work it out Herb, promise.
dialog: Give me five.
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: (not totally convinced,
dialog: exiting)
dialog: Groovy! Uh you boys should know Mr.
dialog: Sullivan is considering you boys for
dialog: four more shows. You dig?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What -- are we the Beatles now John?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: It's only a word man. The Stones
dialog: changed...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey Ray, why don't you change your
dialog: name to Sid or Irving Manzarek or
dialog: something... it's only a word y'know.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: It's my words. I don't care, let's
dialog: just jam.
text: Ray's seething tension. Younger brother starting to get out
dialog: of hand.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO STAGE - THAT NIGHT
text: SULLIVAN stiffly introducing them.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Now here on our stage direct from
dialog: Los Angeles, California, ladies and
dialog: gentlemen, The Doors!
text: The lights come up on the DOORS in their ultimate nightmare --
text: each Door appearing consecutively in a lightspot as Jim sings
dialog: the ubiquitous "Light My Fire", trapped in this Elvis Presley --
text: Vegas act, he looks like he couldn't care less. DOORS hang
text: suspended everywhere on the set -- their name spelled out in
text: big block standup letters.
text: Jim has a hard-on in his pants, barely concealed by his tight
dialog: leathers.
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: (in control booth)
dialog: What's that?... oh Jesus!... get off
dialog: it!! Where's he going?
text: Jim misses his marks deliberately, the camera having a hard
text: time following him.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: You know that it would be untrue
dialog: You know that I would be a liar
dialog: If I was to say to you
dialog: Girl, we couldn't get much higher
dialog: Come on baby light my fire
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL BOOTH (SIMULTANEOUS) - THAT NIGHT
text: The PRODUCERS freaking out.
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: (hyperventilating)
dialog: He said it! He said it! On National
dialog: TV You can't do that! You can't do
dialog: that!!! You blew it you little shit!
dialog: You'll never play Ed Sullivan again.
text: Jim on the monitors, singing through to his freedom, falls
text: on the floor flat, the camera missing him completely.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on baby, light my fire
dialog: Try to set the night on FIIIIRRRRRE!
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BEDROOM -- NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: OVERHEAD ANGLE -- JIM lies there in a sweat. PAMELA pulls
text: off him, naked, frustrated, trying to rouse him.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (tender)
dialog: What can I do, what do you want me
dialog: to do?... Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't know... I guess I should see
dialog: a doctor or something... maybe I
dialog: should go to someone of the straight
dialog: Jungian philosophy.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: It happens to other guys too...
text: Jim, quietly pissed, reaches for the whiskey bottle at the
text: side of the bed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's so scary up there. To be adored.
dialog: Isn't that irony? Teenage death girls
dialog: want my dick -- a mere clown -- not
dialog: my words. I'll never wake up in a
dialog: good mood again... Lament for my
text: cock, a tongue of knowledge deep in
dialog: the feathered night, gives life,
dialog: soar and crucify, I seek to know
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: It's not so complicated Jim, it's
dialog: just sex, y'know.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You should marry an insurance
dialog: salesman.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: It's the hours man, the pressure,
dialog: everything's like your last
dialog: performance, you're setting yourself
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We weren't built to last.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Aren't you doing this for you, because
dialog: you're a poet, not a rock star. Ed
dialog: Sullivan's not a place for you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You really know what I am Pam? You
dialog: know what poetry is? Where is the
dialog: feast they promised us? Where is the
text: wine -- the new wine -- dying on the
dialog: vine?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What are you saying!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Y'see -- I lied to you. I really
dialog: love Fame.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (Here we go)
dialog: Why are you doing this to me?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (drinks)
dialog: 'Cause you're in the room.
text: She tries to take the bottle away. He resists. They struggle.
text: It becomes a fight.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: And this is gonna help! It's probably
dialog: the cause. 'Least put some soul in
dialog: your success asshole!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Maybe you're the cause!
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I mean I don't have this problem
dialog: with anybody else.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (getting the bottle)
dialog: Give it to me!!!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (getting it back)
dialog: No!!!!! Mommy!!!
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (gives up, tries to
dialog: exit)
dialog: Fuck you man I'm outta here.
text: He grabs her. They lurch, smashing the lamp. WILD CHILD song
text: kicking in.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (excited now)
dialog: Get mad! Yeahhh! Love my girl! Yeah,
dialog: go fuck the other guys. How many
dialog: white guys have you fucked Pam? 10,
dialog: 20? Black guys what? You like Chinese
dialog: dicks? Mongolian penis? 30?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (fighting)
dialog: ...how many dogs have you fucked!
dialog: You don't say No to anybody! Drugs,
dialog: dogs, uglies, you'd fuck a doorknob
dialog: with butter on it!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How could I do that
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (shouting top of her
dialog: lungs)
dialog: You're the first one who couldn't
dialog: make it with me anyway! You're the
dialog: only limp dick in the lot!!!
text: Camera running at them from the end of the room. JIM laughs
text: manically as they roll off the bed into a wall. Kicking,
text: hitting hard.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Wild Child full of grace
dialog: Savior of the human race
dialog: Your cool face
dialog: Natural child, terrible child
dialog: Not your mother or your father's child
dialog: Your own child, screaming wild
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: HA HA HA!! WILL YOU DIE FOR ME!
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: NO! WILL YOU DIE FOR ME!!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'D DIE FOR ANYBODY.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: WHAT ABOUT ME! WHAT ABOUT ME!
speaker_heading: JIM
scene_heading: CUNT CUNT CUNT.
speaker_heading: PAM
scene_heading: LIAR LIAR LIAR. YOU PROMISED. YOU
speaker_heading: PROMISED.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'M SORRY I'M SORRY I'M SORRY.
text: A VOICE across the wall joining in, banging.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: SHADDUP WILLYA. I'M TRYING TO
dialog: SLEEP!!!!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: THEN MOVE TO MIAMI YOU SLAVE!!!
text: More nagging. By this time the fight has expired of its own
dialog: volition.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You were saying?
text: They giggle, start to laugh. Then they cuddle on the floor,
text: in the corner, in this semi-lit New York hotel room.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (low)
dialog: ...will you die for me, Pam, a clown,
dialog: a despicable clown?... a mere
dialog: despicable clown?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Yes yes yes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...I need a home. A place to hide.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: ...with me. Yes... yes...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: ...how could we make a home?... where
dialog: there's sanctuary?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: ...yes, yes, yes.
text: He's hard now. She's guiding him inside her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...we're in Africa, we're just
dialog: animals... I wanna stay inside you
dialog: all night baby... let's fuck death
dialog: away, now fuck death away...
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: ...yes...
scene_heading: INT. PRESS CONFERENCE - HOTEL SUITE NEW YORK - DAY
text: Camera moving in past the buffet, champagne, flowers in the
text: hotel suite overlooking CENTRAL PARK... to the DOORS in
text: armchairs surrounded by an informal group of a DOZEN
text: JOURNALISTS and PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS... JIM behind dark shades
text: drinking long Hawaiian fruit punches, decked out in snakeskin.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 1
dialog: (stiff, Times type)
dialog: What are your songs about Mr.
dialog: Morrison?
text: TIME DISSOLVES over the questions and answers. A vaguely
dialog: dreamy quality.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Uh love death travel... revolt. We
dialog: all write the songs, we're interested
dialog: in anything about disorder, chaos,
dialog: especially activity which seems to
dialog: have no meaning... I think when you
dialog: make peace with authority, you become
dialog: authority.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 1
dialog: Can you define that a little more?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah you can call us erotic
dialog: politicians I guess.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVING OVER:
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 2
dialog: Do you really consider yourself a
dialog: shaman Mr. Morrison?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVING OVER:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...a scapegoat maybe -- I take on
text: the audiences' fantasies, obeying
dialog: their impulses. When the impulses
dialog: are destructive, I'm destructive.
dialog: It's kinda like sucking the puss out
dialog: of a rattlesnake, something like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 1
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: ...like a medicine man or witch
dialog: doctor?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (cuts in)
dialog: Jim said to me once, the history of
dialog: rock and roll's like Greek drama or
text: caveman stories. The audience comes
dialog: to see ancient rituals in ancient
text: caves. Their souls in jeopardy.
dialog: They're not watching any longer,
dialog: they're participating -- and
dialog: everything's in play, your life,
dialog: your death...
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 1
dialog: (glib)
dialog: Is that why they scream so much?
text: Gentle laughter. The JOURNALISTS don't get it... panning
text: their looks. The backbeat of CRYSTAL SHIP, dreamy hazy, Warhol-
text: like interview floating over the room like a giant mushroom
dialog: cloud.
scene_heading: DISSOLVING TO:
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 3
dialog: (more down to earth)
dialog: Mr. Morrison, how do you feel about
dialog: being called the "ultimate barbie
dialog: doll".
text: On Jim -- a beat. A sickly smile spreads.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I guess when you say something like
dialog: that, it's a shortcut to thinking.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 3
dialog: Then do you "think" about the dreadful
dialog: reviews your new poetry book has
dialog: gotten?
text: Holding up a copy of "The Lords and New Creatures".
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I guess they didn't understand.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 3
dialog: (having scored)
dialog: And it's true you financed it's
dialog: publication?
text: Jim motions him over, whispers something at SIDDONS who goes
text: to fetch a pair of scissors.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Have you bothered to read the poetry
dialog: ma'm? You keep denying that anything
dialog: good can come from L.A., I mean isn't
dialog: that kind of a provincial attitude?
dialog: That Bob Dylan's the only poet cause
dialog: he's from the East Coast, but you
dialog: won't even look past Jim's goddamn
dialog: looks at the words man!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Hey c'mon Ray, hate should be allowed.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 1
dialog: ...but what really are your songs
dialog: about Mr. Morrison? You preach,
dialog: "saving the planet", "making a new
dialog: age" but how does drinking, taking
dialog: drugs, this boozy sort of apocalyptic
dialog: stance at the world influence young
dialog: people in a positive way?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I like that -- "boozy apocalyptic" --
dialog: you're a word man, but how does your
dialog: newspaper influence young people to
dialog: think about Vietnam? Who's sending
dialog: the soldiers over there to die? The
dialog: establishment -- right? Your newspaper --
dialog: right? That seems to me a lot more
dialog: dangerous than the stuff we do.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVING OVER:
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 3
dialog: Do you believe in drugs Mr. Morrison?
text: SIDDONS comes back in, hands Jim a pair of scissors.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (graciously disdainful)
dialog: Did you know Nietzsche said, "all
dialog: good consciousness, all evidence of
dialog: truth comes only from the senses"?
dialog: Hey you wanna arm wrestle? Come on,
dialog: you look pretty tough today. C'mon,
dialog: I'll take you all on.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 3
dialog: (ignoring his smile)
dialog: And alcohol? Is that considered part
dialog: of the shaman's wisdom?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Part of the clown's wisdom -- it's
dialog: kinda the American way. You know we
dialog: spend more on alcohol and tobacco
dialog: than on education.
text: DOUBLE IMAGES on the DISSOLVES.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 3
dialog: Are you by any chance in a trance
dialog: now Mr. Morrison?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Do you hurt?
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 3
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What hurts you the most?
text: He cuts his hair with the scissors. A commotion.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 3
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVING OVER:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Uh... got tired of the barbie doll
dialog: look. It hurt.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 3
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (cutting hair blindly)
dialog: About? Y'know when people are joking,
dialog: I find they are dead serious and
dialog: when they're dead serious, I find
dialog: them funny.
text: They're amazed. The point is made however -- visibly. The
text: anger in his action is so extreme yet so contained -- the
text: cynosure of all eyes as always. Eyes shooting back at
text: JOURNALIST 3... JOURNALIST 4 cuts in from the back of the
text: room altering the mood.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 4
dialog: What do your parents think about
dialog: what you are doing?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Actually, I don't really remember
dialog: being born. It musta happened during
dialog: one of my blackouts.
text: Laughter. JOURNALIST 4 with dark hair and demeanor, gypsy-
text: like jewelry on her arm and avant garde clothing, large
text: glasses, is probably a rock magazine writer but seems to
dialog: like Jim and his work.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 4
dialog: But they must've expressed some
dialog: feeling?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Well, to be honest they're not living
dialog: anymore so I don't like to talk about
dialog: that.
text: Flashbulbs hitting his face at that moment.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 4
dialog: Could you at least tell us how they
dialog: died?
text: Jim puts the scissors down, going to a low mysterious voice.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh, it was a... horrible car crash...
dialog: in the desert in the fifties,
text: Arizona... ran right into a truckload
dialog: of Indians... Navajos, they were
text: lying out on the road, all bleeding,
dialog: and I was with my Grandma and Grandad,
dialog: we were banged up and all... and I
dialog: was looking at my Dad and he was
dialog: lying there... but his throat was
dialog: severed and there was air coming
dialog: out.
text: He puts the room in a hush. He has mesmerized them and they're
text: not sure whether to believe it or not.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 4
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST 2
dialog: I have the feeling I'm being put on.
text: Jim rises, staggers slightly as he makes his way to the bar
text: on the way out of the room, smiles right at her, ignoring
text: everybody else in the room.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Y'all believe what you want to
dialog: believe, you will anyway... but it
dialog: does kinda show you what excites
dialog: people?
dialog: (looking directly at
dialog: her)
dialog: Fear, pity, horror -- all those good
dialog: things that count. It's sorta I guess
text: like being on the edge of an orgasm,
dialog: y'know... that mystery just before
dialog: you come. When? If? Should I? Will
dialog: you die for me, eat me, this way,
dialog: the end...
text: He goes. The room in silence, embarrassed, nervous titters
text: looking at Journalist 4 who flushes deeply as we cut to:
scene_heading: INT. PATRICIA'S SOHO LOFT - THAT DAY (RAIN)
text: Rain, rain, rain... pelting the large windows as we glide to
scene_heading: JIM fucking JOURNALIST 4 (PATRICIA KENNEALY) madly in the
dialog: twisted sheets...
text: He gives up, exhausted. The SONG CRYSTAL SHIP backbeats the
dialog: scene...
text: He wanders around her place. Her place is crammed with books
text: and intellectualabilia, skulls, candles, globes of the world,
text: plants. She puts her glasses back on.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: You want to do some more cocaine?
dialog: It'll loosen you up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Great! A new thing.
text: As she goes to a bowl of cocaine, laid alongside a bottle of
text: champagne and a basketful of items all catered by Jim. He's
text: at her bookcase, thumbing through an ancient manuscript.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Wow how old is this?
text: INSERT -- the DRAWINGS in the book pertain to Witchcraft.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: (snorting)
dialog: 14th Century. I practice the Craft.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The Craft?
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: I'm a witch
dialog: (smiles)
text: A white one.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Wow! You Patricia? Who would've
dialog: guessed?
dialog: Ironic of course when you look at her long dark locks and
text: demeanor. She looks back at him, challenging.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: The Kennealy's were Celtic cheiftains
dialog: and pre-Christian shamans when your
dialog: Druid ancestors the Morrisons were a
dialog: minor Scottish clan founded by a
dialog: bastard son of the king of Norway.
text: JIM reappraising her. Her eye contact is very direct.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: It's a religion, witchcraft. Witches
dialog: are the protectors of the seasons,
dialog: the harvests, goddesses of the grain.
dialog: And when crossed, destroyers.
text: Jim waits. Something in the feeling of the room has shifted.
text: The sound of her razor chopping coke. He snorts -- the first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: You ever try drinking blood?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: It works you know. You drink blood
dialog: the right time of the moon... they
dialog: used to dance in the forests naked.
dialog: I think that's what offended the
dialog: Puritans and led to the Burnings.
dialog: They were a sexual threat to their
dialog: male order like the Bacchae -- five
dialog: days a year for Dionysus, they used
dialog: to wander the hills in ancient Greece,
dialog: the first witches, clans of wild
dialog: women fucking, looting, eating animals
text: raw, the wine in their blood running
dialog: hot -- looking for Dionysus... to
dialog: tear him to pieces -- isn't that
dialog: wild?
text: Jim is down on his knees crawling around her. She is crawling
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (hooked)
dialog: Where do you get the blood?
text: Patricia laughs.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSITION TO:
text: PATRICIA drawing blood from her arm -- wipes it on his mouth.
text: Some of it spills out, tamping the white powder with red
text: stains. Jim watching enthralled, coked out. She hands him
text: the jewelled Moroccan dagger.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Blood is the rose of mysterious union,
dialog: symbol of potency... now you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No... I don't like... cutting myself.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Don't be such a child! If I do it,
dialog: you have to do it.
text: He extends his arm. The look between them. He closes his
text: eyes like a little boy. She makes the cut.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Before you slip into unconsciousness
dialog: I'd like to have another kiss
dialog: Another flashing chance at bliss
text: Another kiss, another kiss
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSITIONS:
text: Candles, incense burn. As Jim and Patricia dance in the loft
text: naked to music, drinking champagne.
text: JUMP CUT: He is chasing her with one of her goat horns between
text: his legs. They wrestle, yell, lusty bacchanale.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSITIONS TO:
text: They're fucking madly on the wooden floor of the loft, bathed
text: in blood and white powder all over the place, rain pelting
text: the windows, thunder, Orff's "Carmina Burana" cutting in
text: over the Doors' song.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: (sexy)
dialog: Come on rock god, fuck me, fuck me
dialog: good.
text: In slightly ape-like SLOW MOTION, he's wildly thrusting at
text: her like a stallion, then reaches down, yanks out her
text: diaphragm -- holds it to her eyes briefly and throws it across
text: the room into the fireplace.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (lips out of sync)
dialog: I'm gonna burn you down.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Come on...
text: Incants him to climax with CELTIC WORDS.
text: Jim is wild, reaching for the Moroccan dagger, holding it to
text: her face as he continues to pump.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Cut me! Cut me go on!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (knife to her cheek)
dialog: Nobody'd ever look at you again --
dialog: 'cept me. I'd scar you forever.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Yeah YEAH!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: AWRIGHT! AWRIGHT!
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: FUCK ME! FUCK ME!! GO ON FUCK ME!!!
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
text: The crystal ship is being filled
dialog: A thousand girls, a thousand thrills
dialog: A million ways to spend your time
dialog: When we get back I'll drop a line
text: The camera shooting up to the ceiling in a tilting dutch
text: angle as the world comes unglued. Jim yelling with release.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO - NEW YORK - ANOTHER DAY
text: GLORIA STAVERS, beautiful 30ish ex-Vogue model shooting Jim
dialog: for her layout. It's not going well. He's resisting, the
text: attitude negative to be photographed, compounded by the acid
text: it seems he's on.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Take off your shirt.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (cow noise)
dialog: Mooooooo!!!
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: (taking his shirt off)
dialog: You remind me of a Russian peasant.
dialog: I see you standing in a wheat field.
dialog: The pride, the arrogance. You love
dialog: to look at yourself don't you. You
dialog: love yourself.
dialog: (he's moving, getting
dialog: into it)
dialog: ...good... big cat stalking...
text: JUMP CUTS -- photos going off... JIM starting to pout
text: narcistically, Jagger-like, for camera -- a bare-chested
text: pose, long lion's mane of hair streaming down to his
text: shoulders. She's shooting rapidly talking him thru the trip.
text: Her sentences falling on separate cuts of Jim. As we hear
text: the backbeat of PEOPLE ARE STRANGE.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: ...the camera is like a roulette
dialog: wheel Jim. It becomes whoever you
dialog: want it to be -- a woman you want to
dialog: seduce, a man you want to kill, a
dialog: mother you want to upset, a wife you
dialog: want to lie to or love, whatever you
dialog: want it to be, it is...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pausey, paranoid)
dialog: Where are the Doors.
text: He resists, he goes with it, push pull, prowling her loft on
text: the acid, a bottle of cognac in one hand -- changing from
text: shot to shot like a chameleon, free, wild, vicious, obscene.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Forget the Doors. It's you they want,
dialog: Jim. You're the Doors.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (scared suddenly)
dialog: We do everything together.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: You control the audience, like dogs,
dialog: manipulate them Jim, one picture can
dialog: control a million people, be anything
dialog: you want -- growl at them, be ugly,
dialog: be frightened, be selfish. Be man,
dialog: woman, whild, animal. Live, die,
dialog: return again. Anything you want.
dialog: Everything is permitted.
text: A weird dance ensuing between them -- teasing, enticing. He
text: runs away, writhes along her wall, being photographed inch
text: by moving inch. He crawls to her. She gets down with him on
text: the floor, straddling him, photographing. Then he straddles
text: her as she shoots him from her back. They kiss, flirting. He
text: growls like an animal... dives into her closet... tearing
text: open the doors, flinging away hanging clothes, he finds her
text: white fur coat and puts it on... JUMP CUT -- him as he moves
text: to her full-length MIRROR, contorting himself. She slides up
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Go on look at yourself, fall in love
dialog: with yourself. You're your own
dialog: audience now Jim. They want you.
dialog: Worship and love and adore you...
text: A pause. She wants him. No longer so cool.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: ...Jim Morrison, the god of Rock and
dialog: Cock...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I am the snake and you are the lute
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Exactly...
text: Our camera dwells on Jim in the mirror, closer, closer --
dialog: the image and the reality, which is which anymore -- where
dialog: does it end?
dialog: The Great Jim Morrison, The Shaman, then Pamela, Patricia,
text: Gloria, a series of women who face after face fill the ancient
text: gallery, interchangeable masks as PEOPLE ARE STRANGE climaxes
text: and JIM's face SPINS OUT OPTICALLY TO:
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: People are strange when you're a stranger
dialog: Faces look ugly when you're alone
dialog: Women seem wicked when you're unwanted
dialog: Streets are uneven when you're down
scene_heading: LIMBO - MAGAZINE COVERS
text: JIM'S FACE on a series of MAGAZINES twirling -- "SIXTEEN",
text: "GLAMOUR", ROCK MAGAZINES, etc. flowering out into:
scene_heading: INT. DOWNTOWN LOFT - NEW YORK - NIGHT (WINTER)
text: Style vampires drink and grope and drug and dance under the
text: staccato blips of strobe lights. Artists and intellectuals,
text: groupies and debutantes, everyone on display, as contrived
text: and replicated as one of the Warhol prints of Elvis or Marilyn
dialog: and Mao on the walls...
text: FISHEYE POVS -- hearkening back to the acid trip -- as JIM
text: wanders through the dream, drinking, smoking, swallowing
text: pills. PEOPLE look at him, talk to him (AD LIBS) but drugs
text: distort everything and their voices are foreign, incoherent
text: and they disappear. "PEOPLE ARE STRANGE" continuing:
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: When you're strange
text: Faces come out of the rain
dialog: When you're strange
dialog: No one remembers your name
dialog: When you're strange
dialog: When you're strange
dialog: When you're strange
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - LIMBO
text: Jim peering into a room somewhere -- one of Warhol's FILMS
text: is playing on a wall -- a man sleeping, eating...
text: A GLIMPSE OF VIETNAM WAR FOOTAGE on a TV monitor -- B-52s
dialog: dropping bombs.
text: A fat little PR MAN grabbing Jim's arm, leaning in, distorted.
speaker_heading: PR MAN
dialog: (cool)
dialog: You must meet Andy Warhol, Jim. He's
text: more than an artist. Andy is art.
dialog: Bright people in America wonder --
dialog: does Andy imitate life, or does life
text: imitate Andy. The meeting of two
dialog: kings. Yes, Come.
text: PAMELA is suddenly there, laughing, nuttily introducing a
text: handsome strapping TOM BAKER, a charismatic actor, and a
text: COUNT, suave, urbane, on heroin. Her voice lost in the jabber --
text: their names sound as if they're in a bottom of a tank. PAMELA
text: seems so impressed with the high life of New York.
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: Oh Jim this is Tom... Baker, he's an
dialog: actor, he was in Andy's movie and
dialog: this is Count Ruspoli. He lives in
dialog: Paris, but he's Italian. He's from a
dialog: very famous family over there. They're
dialog: seven hundred years old.
speaker_heading: COUNT
dialog: (Italian accent)
dialog: Hi Jim, you are great... I see you
text: at Ondine's with Bobby and Jimmy.
dialog: It...
text: PR guy stays there, introduces himself to the count.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (pawing at Jim)
dialog: Don't you like the way he talks.
dialog: Isn't he cool?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (annoyed with Pam)
dialog: Yeah... hey what's your trip?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Saw your gig at 'The Scene'. Hot...
dialog: very hot... You strung out? Here.
dialog: Try this.
dialog: (pill, popper, joint,
dialog: a drink, all at once)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Love your movies man. What a great
dialog: penis...
text: Tom is obviously a major druggie. A popper -- joint trade-
text: off going off.
text: RAY's face leaning in distorted.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on, we're splitting man.
dialog: Dorothy's waiting at the door. We'll
dialog: get a bite at Max's and...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You can't leave. Where's your will
dialog: to be weird man?
text: JOHN DENSMORE appearing with a wasted looking ROBBIE who is
text: giggling, high, and with a NEW GIRLFRIEND in tow.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Get outta here man. This is fucking
dialog: weird man.
text: The PR MAN is still next to Jim, jumping up and down excitedly
text: waving across the room at nothing in particular. As the
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS try to get Jim and the Doors in a photo
dialog: opportunity.
speaker_heading: PR MAN
dialog: Right this way Jim. Andy's in the
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to RAY)
dialog: Don't go, y'see Norman Mailer, I
dialog: hear he's here?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah can we meet him, he's great...
dialog: just like he is.
dialog: (enamored)
dialog: You wanna meet him?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (paranoid)
dialog: I don't know... did he know who you
dialog: were?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Yeah sure, he's cool, come on, he's
dialog: your hero!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nah... later...
text: A wasted, emaciated Edie Sedgewick type floats into Jim's
text: fractured POV -- introducing a MAN with a crew cut and silk
dialog: suit.
speaker_heading: EDIE
dialog: (echoey voice)
dialog: Hey Jim, this is Jake Johnson, you
dialog: remember Jake Johnson -- the
dialog: astronaut, he's just got back from
dialog: outer space.
speaker_heading: JAKE JOHNSON
dialog: I like the Doors, I like the Doors,
dialog: I like the Doors.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I like outer space.
text: Tom Baker brings a tall, incredible looking BLONDE in black
text: leather towards him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey where's my joint?
dialog: (a roach goes back)
dialog: There's this chick sings with the
dialog: Velvet Underground, Andy's band. She
dialog: says she can drink you under the
dialog: table.
text: They stare at each other like two cats. Eye level stares
text: that go on and on. She finally hisses in a German accent.
speaker_heading: NICO
dialog: I'm Nico. It's boring tonight. Some
dialog: of us are going downtown to a new
dialog: club. You want to come?
text: A voice to kill, looks to undress, fully as tall as Jim.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (distantly heard)
dialog: ...elevate your taste in trolls man.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Nico who reaches
dialog: for her vodka)
dialog: Vodka? Race you.
speaker_heading: NICO
dialog: Your death...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Ray and Robbie)
dialog: Wanna go?... Come on let's go.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: She looks too freaky to me.
speaker_heading: NICO
dialog: Wait just a minute.
text: As she floats away.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on there's pussy Robbie.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Hey I met this chick Lynne, she wants
dialog: to be alone.
text: Lynne is there, pretty, nods to Jim.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on Jim, let's go.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (childlike)
dialog: Don't you guys wanna meet Andy Warhol?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Tell you the truth, I can live without
dialog: him. He's a freak. Let's get outta
dialog: here. We got a show tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on man! I thought we were gonna
dialog: be a band, the four of us -- and
dialog: party all night, rock and roll!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I could never keep up with you Jim.
dialog: I couldn't make the music.
text: Jim's eyes briefly on -- Pamela giggling with the French
text: Count, putting her hand on his arm as she laughs. Innocent,
dialog: nothing meant but a moment...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (desperate mockery,
dialog: grabs Ray)
dialog: Don't go. Don't leave! You can't
dialog: leave. I don't know what will happen.
dialog: It might be Death.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on Jim, this isn't our scene,
dialog: these people are vampires. We gotta
dialog: stick together man, the four of us.
dialog: Let's make the myths man.
text: A moment, strange. Slightly SLOW MOTION. Ray tapping Jim's
text: shoulder goodbye... Robbie and John's faces passing on. As
text: if they're parting -- in a symbolic way. Jim blinking in the
text: same SLOW MOTION, looking. Nico is gone -- but Tom is there,
text: across the room, waving.
text: The INDIAN SHAMAN looks like he's standing there in a corner.
text: Jim, ripped, heads for him, but the PR WOMAN cuts him off.
text: Jim forgets he saw the Indian.
speaker_heading: PR MAN
dialog: Right here Jim, right here. Andy's
dialog: waiting. You know what you have in
dialog: common is uniqueness.
text: Past more faces. The Music has subtly shifted to STRANGE
text: DAYS somewhere along the way.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Strange days have found us
dialog: Strange days have tracked us down
dialog: They're going to destroy
dialog: Our casual joys
dialog: We shall go on playing or find a new town
text: Past a cache of QUEENS in white leather ogling Jim, one of
text: them coming over boldly, chatting him up (AD LIB dimly heard),
text: them grabbing his crotch and kissing him. Jim rearing back,
text: laughing but wary. Past the RICH LADIES dripping with jewels
text: and faces peeled from Brazilian sleep tanks and Swiss knives.
text: Past a YOUNG MAN dressed in Jim Morrison leather pants with
text: his hair and eye make-up, a warped image of Jim, smiling
text: back at him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (looking for Nico)
dialog: Nico!
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT
text: A quieter room, drugged out, the PR GUY cheerily leading
text: JIM, stepping over SLEEPING BODIES, over fur coats strewn
text: across the floor... to a MAN with white hair like a circus
text: clown, his back to us, talking with some black-tied EUROPEAN
text: ARISTOCRATS looking so cool.
speaker_heading: WARHOL
dialog: Well, it was such a big opening, we
dialog: just had to go to Philadelphia,
dialog: y'know, you were supposed to, mmm...
speaker_heading: PR GUY
dialog: (butting in)
dialog: Andy! Andy!
text: ANDY turning at the interruption. He looks like a chic voodoo
text: doll. Holding an incongruous gold telephone in his arms like
text: a teddy bear.
text: Slightly SLOW MO as Warhol's black empty eyes confront Jim --
text: a pit of nothingness in them, amnesia, death. In Jim's SLOW
text: MOTION reaction we read what he sees. Andy going on with his
text: story, to the group that includes TOM BAKER.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: ...but so many people showed up, the
dialog: paintings were getting crushed, so
dialog: they took them all down... um, it
dialog: really looked great y'know... maybe
dialog: uhhh...
dialog: (long pause)
speaker_heading: PR MAN
dialog: (cutting in)
text: ...the walls. The blank walls. Andy
dialog: was the art. Should do a show. Just
dialog: walls. Today it's really about people,
dialog: not what they do. It's the astronaut
dialog: that matters, not the voyage, the
dialog: actor, not the movie -- how do I
dialog: say, it's the trip, not arriving.
text: Andy is looking at Jim. Jim at Andy.
speaker_heading: PR MAN
dialog: (babbling on)
dialog: ...you know what Andy says, some day
dialog: everybody's gonna be famous for 15
dialog: seconds, but it won't mean anything.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: That's too short. I need a coupla
dialog: hours.
text: They laugh. Andy's eyes hidden, face as white as styrofoam.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: We'd just love to have you in our
dialog: movies Jim, you're so beautiful,
dialog: you'd be so good, you mmmm, here...
dialog: this is for you Jim.
text: Andy shows his eyes, gives Jim the gold telephone he's
dialog: carrying.
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: Edie gave this to me and said mmmmm,
dialog: I could talk to God with this. But I
dialog: don't really have anything to say.
dialog: So... mmmm now you can talk to God.
dialog: Oh hi!
text: Vanishes, waving to somebody else. Jim holding the phone.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Strange days have found us
dialog: And through their strange hours
dialog: We linger alone
text: Nico reappears waving at him to come quickly.
speaker_heading: NICO
dialog: Morrison!
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - NIGHT (WINTER)
text: SNOW on the streets... a group of DRUGGIES staggering in the
text: snowbanks, throwing snowballs, stupid giggling, wheezing
text: puffs of cold air...
text: Jim throws the golden telephone into the trash and pees on
dialog: it.
text: IRIS SHOTS continue -- PAMELA laughing battily with TOM BAKER
text: who's putting the make on her... The COUNT is on heroin.
text: JIM passing a vodka bottle back and forth with NICO hitting
text: a stash of ups. They fall in the snow, mad Russian winter.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Bodies confused
dialog: Memories misused
dialog: As we run from the day
dialog: To a strange night of stone
speaker_heading: (SONG REPEATS OVER)
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR (REGENCY) - THAT NIGHT
text: BLACK &amp; WHITE IRIS SHOTS continue -- imagistic,
dialog: disassociative.
text: A LONG CORRIDOR -- COUPLE staggering down the red carpets,
text: champagne bottles in hand. The COUNT gets lost.
text: PAM laughing -- suddenly alone, notices, goes looking for
text: Jim... floating down this endless corridor with white doors
text: and red carpet.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: NICO stripping... a superb body... riding the floors...
text: Jim taking an amyl nitrate with her... laughing... Nico with
text: that crazed German laugh... PAMELA pushing the elevator
text: buttons wildly...
text: The elevator opening on her. From Pamela's POV -- Nico down
text: on her knees, her blonde head buried in Jim's leather pants...
text: Jim pinned against the back wall, smiling dopically, eyes
text: barely registering Pam... who screams loud and long, hiding
text: his eyes... not wanting to know... The images faster and
text: more fragmented: Pam beating at Jim wildly. He's laughing.
text: Nico's laughing. The Aristocrats in the hallway are laughing.
text: The world is laughing with its madness.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Strange days have found us
dialog: Strange days have tracked us down
scene_heading: INT. NEW HAVEN CONCERT HALL - NIGHT (1967)
text: An eager rowdy CROWD chants DOORS! DOORS! DOORS! DOORS! to a
text: stage without the Doors. TECHIES are moving amplifiers,
text: running sound checks, stalling time, the MANAGER SIDDONS
text: gauging the crowd, nervous. RICH GIRLS and LOCAL HONCHOS
text: have backstage passes. COPS crawling over the stage, the
text: PROMOTER of the concert trying to get the crowds attention.
speaker_heading: TECHIE
dialog: (at mike)
text: Testing one-two-three. Testing.
speaker_heading: PROMOTER
dialog: (on mike)
dialog: Look, the Fire Marshall's not gonna
dialog: let the show go on. Either you go
dialog: back to your seats, you go to the
dialog: aisle, you don't do that -- no show!
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: (pushing towards stage,
dialog: no aisles)
text: DOORS! DOORS! DOORS!
dialog: (turning to)
text: MORRISON! MORRISON! MORRISON!
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE CORRIDOR - SAME NIGHT
text: The SOUNDS of the CROWD pound thru the hallway. CAMERA
text: following JIM reading a magazine article, accompanied by
text: PATRICIA KENNEALY -- past the TECHIES, turning to look --
text: they go into empty SHOWER ROOM.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER ROOM - SAME NIGHT
text: The Crowd NOISE still carries, echoing. JIM leads PATRICIA
text: to a quiet, isolated stall where they can be alone. Tapping
text: the magazine, sincerely moved by what he reads.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: "Lord Byron"? Really. You think? You
dialog: like the poems?
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Like? I loved them! "Mad bad and
dialog: dangerous to know." That's what they
dialog: said about him. Your poems should be
dialog: taken as seriously.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: These are the kindest words I've
dialog: ever heard in my life. No one has
dialog: ever understood. Thank you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Maybe I should always fuck my critics.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Y'know I don't even like rockers.
dialog: They're sleazy. I made up my fuck
dialog: list the other night -- out of 30
dialog: guys there were maybe three of them,
dialog: y'know. I'm not a groupie.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (hotter, grabs her)
dialog: Let's do it, here, now... with the
text: sound of the crowd. Like Nuremberg,
dialog: wild German fucking.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: You like that hunh? Beg!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm begging! I'm begging you!
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: You wanna fuck me, Morrison, don't
dialog: ever lie to me again. Ever!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: About what!
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Your father. Why do you tell me
dialog: bullshit like your father's dead?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: What's your problem with fathers!
dialog: They're dead, both of them, I told
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: If he's so dead, then who answered
dialog: the phone when I called the house?
text: Jim -- a look, struck.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: (knowing look)
dialog: You didn't really think you'd get
dialog: away with that, Morrison. An Admiral
dialog: in the United States Navy. Who's at
dialog: the Gulf of Tonkin when Vietnam
dialog: starts. Your Dad's a Deputy Chief of
dialog: Operations.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What'd he say? That was really stupid.
dialog: Why didn't you just ask me.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Well naturally he wasn't too happy
dialog: when I called. Your Mom wanted to
text: talk but he shut her off.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You're a fuckin' cunt. You could
dialog: ruin his career if...
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: What, I'm a "fuckin' cunt" because I
dialog: called the house? Like it's hard to
dialog: trace your school records. University
dialog: of Florida, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
dialog: Arlington, Virginia, Washington,
dialog: D.C. Brother, sister, it's seven
dialog: miles long baby -- it's all in the
dialog: "The End", it's so easy.
text: Fingering his pants, her hand slips inside. Teasing,
text: dominating him. Her dark side radiant.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Don't ever try to hide anything from
dialog: me again. Okay? Go on... tell me.
dialog: Did he make you cut your hair? Did
dialog: he hit you, was he a bully? Did he
dialog: love you? How much?
text: Jim describes a small space between thumb and forefinger.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: And your mother?
text: Jim makes a little larger space.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don't want to talk about it. Hate
dialog: is a very underestimated emotion.
text: His look is right at her. Silence. Patricia knows he won't
text: talk. Through the pause we hear the crowd chanting, bigger
text: and bigger -- "MORRISON MORRISON MORRISON!" She's excited,
text: wanting to make love here, now. He's cooled out, however.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: It doesn't matter anymore does it.
dialog: Listen to them. It's you they want
dialog: now. Not the Doors, not your mother
dialog: or your father's child... They want
dialog: you Jim.
text: Jim shakes his head, weary. Suddenly he's scared inside.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You're wrong. What they want I can't
dialog: give... my death -- ripped to pieces --
dialog: do you feel their power?
dialog: (the noise pounding)
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: You have no choice, Jim. I see you
dialog: up there like Icarus. I see you flying
text: closer and closer to the sun. And
dialog: your wings are melting...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I want to live, Patricia. I don't
dialog: wanna die.
text: Jim's ironic eyes, to the ceiling. Laden with a power to
text: which he has married himself yet brave, resisting as she
text: pulls his zipper down and goes to her knees in front of him.
text: Shaking his head.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Patricia... Patricia...
text: A beefy COP stands there looking at them,
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Whatcha doing there?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Uh... nuthin'
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (approaching,
dialog: suspicious)
dialog: Okay, outta there both of you. No
dialog: one's allowed backstage. Let's go.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: You idiot, don't you know who...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey, I'm with the band man. It's
dialog: cool. Take it easy.
text: THE COP has no patience, grabs JIM by the arm and pulls. JIM
text: shoves him off. THE COP pushes back. A shoving match.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Let's go. NOW! You're both under
dialog: arrest.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (pointing to his
dialog: crotch, angry)
dialog: Hey, eat it man!
text: The cop whips out a black can from his belt, sprays Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mace! Shit!
dialog: (in pain)
text: Patricia screaming at the COP grabs JIM, propelling him
text: violently out the stall of the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE CORRIDOR - SAME NIGHT
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Help! They got Jim!!!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why'd you blind me man? You blinded
dialog: me!
text: SIDDONS and RAY running up with ROADIES and OTHERS.
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: What the hell happened!
dialog: (to Jim)
dialog: Don't touch Jim. Get some water.
dialog: Don't touch your eyes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (in pain)
text: I BEEN BLINDED MAN. I BEEN MACED.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Hey all he said was...
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: He was WHAT! He's Jim Morrison for
dialog: chrissake. Jim, Jim -- you okay --
dialog: let's get you under the water here.
dialog: Don't touch, you'll be okay.
text: COP 2 comes up.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: I'm going to have to issue a warrant
dialog: for his arrest.
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: Are you NUTS!
dialog: (blocking them)
text: JIM guided back into the shower stall by his entourage, eyes
text: blind as Oedipus, starts to laugh. A black Irish laugh.
text: Ray looking on PATRICIA in the hallway. A beat, senses what
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Why don't you leave him alone lady,
dialog: he doesn't need more shit in his
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: What do you know what Jim needs?
text: A precise military Drum Beat hits as we launch into "The
dialog: Unknown Soldier".
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: ...Hup two -- three -- four...
dialog: COMPANY HALT!
scene_heading: INT. NEW HAVEN STAGE - THAT NIGHT
text: THE DOORS on stage, JIM - eyes masked, facing death at a
text: mock execution, in full black leather armor.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Present arms!...
text: The famous drum roll, tension building. Sudden sound of
text: guitar. Jim crumples to the ground. Blood shooting from his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Make a grave for the unknown soldier
dialog: Nestled in your hollow shoulder
dialog: The unknown soldier
dialog: Practice as the news is read
dialog: Television children dead
text: Bullet strikes the helmet's head
dialog: It's all over
dialog: The war is over!
text: The audience is enrapt. Jim suddenly jumps up, looses the
text: blood curdling scream of an aroused demon and the band bangs
text: into Willie Dixon's BACK DOOR MAN.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
text: OH YEEEEAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!
scene_heading: AYYYYYYAAAAAMMMMAAA BACK DOOR MAN.
text: The FANS go wild, to the farthest reaches of the arena, as
text: he grabs his crotch and shakes it at them. INSTAMATICS
text: flashing rapidly as the KIDS press forward at Jim fondling
text: the mike stand, sliding up and down its smooth shaft.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Well the men don't know
dialog: But the little girls unnerstan'...
text: Joints sail onto the stage at his feet, ready to be smoked.
text: A TEENAGE BOY &amp; GIRL make a break thru the cordon of COPS at
text: the front of the stage, heading for Jim. The Cops chase them
text: down mid-stage, and wrestle them back to the edge -- throwing
text: them back into the audience.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: When all the good people are trying
dialog: to sleep
dialog: I'm out there making my midnight
dialog: creep
dialog: Yeah, cause I'm a backdoor man
dialog: The men don't know
dialog: But the little girls unnerstan'...
text: Danger fills the air, electric. Jim strutting, Indian like,
text: up to one of the Cops, whipping off his hat and flipping it
text: to the Crowd, which roars with approval. A couple Cops looking
text: at Jim, sensing they're being challenged but not sure how.
text: They shuffle and look offstage for direction. Their apparent
text: impotence brings redoubled jeering from the Kids.
text: RAY, next to his stick of incense on the organ, shares a
text: look with JOHN as they head into the instrumental break in
dialog: the song. There's something different about Jim -- more
text: demonic, more driven -- a spirit has taken him over.
text: RAY'S POV -- JIM catching his look, but no recognition in
text: those eyes. They're dark pools, like Warhol's eyes. He turns
text: away, taking the mike and off the cuff rapping
text: improvisationally with the backbeat, keeping poetic meter.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I wanna tell you 'bout something
dialog: that happened just a few minutes ago
dialog: right here in New Haven. This is New
dialog: Haven isn't it? New Haven,
dialog: Connecticut, United States of America?
text: The CROWD yells in acknowledgement, one stoned TEENAGER naked
text: from the waist up and ripped on beer, yelling out.
speaker_heading: HECKLER
dialog: HEY MORRISON, is the West really the
dialog: best or are you just stoned on
dialog: weeeeeedddddd??????
speaker_heading: VOICE'S
dialog: (annoying)
dialog: "Light My Fire". Sing "Light My Fire".
dialog: Yeah. Give us Light My Fire!...
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: We want Mick Jagger! Take your clothes
dialog: off Jim. Show it to us! We want the
dialog: Lizard King!
text: Jim ignores it, sits on the stage, lights a cigarette. Long
text: pause, tension building. Their catcalls for "Light My Fire"
text: die out as Jim faces them down. They wait... not knowing
dialog: what happens next.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Well I was with this girl backstage,
dialog: y'know. We got to talking and we
dialog: wanted some privacy, so we went into
dialog: this shower stall. We weren't doin'
dialog: anything y'know jes' standing there
text: and talking.
text: The AUDIENCE laughing, the band continuing to play, John
text: adding emphasis to Jim's words with various shots and rolls.
text: Camera moving over the crowd picking out the KIDS, sensing
text: the anarchy dormant in their faces.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...and then this little man came in
dialog: there, this little man in a little
text: blue suit and a little blue cap...
text: More COPS turning to face Jim from front stage, getting the
dialog: point now. RAY sees it coming...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (redneck voice)
dialog: And he said -- "Whatcha doin' there?"
dialog: I said, "nuthin'" and he said, "Well
dialog: you better get outta there or..."
dialog: "Or what" I asked him...
text: The AUDIENCE has now grown deadly silent. Nearly every cop
text: is facing JIM as he uses his dumb Southerner voice. RAY's
text: eyes warning JIM.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And he started pushing me and I pushed
dialog: back and he didn't like that so he
dialog: reached back there and got out his
dialog: little can of mace. And sprayed it
text: right in my eyes. And blinded me.
dialog: Why? Cause I was alone in a room
dialog: with a lady doing what he would like
dialog: to be doing if he could ever get it
text: up without a gun.
text: The LIGHTS coming on suddenly, the AUDIENCE seething. Shouts
dialog: of "Fuck em! Right on!"
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: In the United States of America.
dialog: Land of the free. Home of the Brave
dialog: man -- in God We Trust right? TURN
text: OFF THE LIGHTS.
text: CROWD roars. A POLICE LIEUTENANT in his 50's, grey hair,
text: beefy, marches out onto the stage, standing next to Jim,
text: arms akimbo. A SECOND COP joins him.
text: Ray rolling the music out into a silence as Jim sticks the
text: mike in the officer's face, defiantly.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Say your thing man!
text: More cops come out, snatch the microphone, as Jim flashes
dialog: the audience a "touchy aren't they?" shrug.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Young man you've gone too far. The
dialog: show's over. You're under arrest.
text: TWO more COPS moving on Jim, pinning both his arms and
text: dragging him off stage.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (scared)
dialog: They're gonna beat the shit out of
dialog: him man!
text: RAY moving to intercede with SIDDONS and ROADIES.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (resisting)
dialog: HEY... HEY! HEY!
text: Ray and Siddons are pushed aside by other cops. The crowd is
text: going nuts. Chairs are thrown. Kids rushing onto the stage
text: where the Cops beat them back.
text: ANNE is writing it all down on her notepad. A certain
text: satisfaction and joy at the unfolding of this event.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE STAIRCASE - SAME NIGHT
text: JIM is dragged roughly down a flight of stairs.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME SLAVE!
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA PARKING LOT - SAME NIGHT
text: JIM is wrestled across the lot, pinned to the car and
text: handcuffed, punched and thrown into the car, yelling.
text: Journalists try to intercede, one is also arrested.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: YOU'RE SLAVES. YOU'RE ALL A BUNCH OF
text: SLAVES. THIS ISN'T HAPPENING TO ME
dialog: MAN, THIS IS HAPPENING TO YOU!!!
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING ROOM - POLICE STATION - THAT NIGHT
text: JIM is spreadeagled against the wall, a dignified, defiant
text: look on his face.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: (coming in)
dialog: Hey whatcha got here? A boy or a
dialog: girl?
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: (coming closer to Jim)
dialog: What do you care. You're gonna fuck
dialog: him anyway... Okay rock star, let's
dialog: see the backdoor you keep bawling
dialog: about.
dialog: (stretching his ass
dialog: cheeks)
dialog: Where's the roach powder?
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Ain't he the prettiest long-haired
dialog: boy y'ever saw?
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: (reaching for a can)
dialog: Turn around rock star.
text: As Jim defiantly does so, Cop 2 looses a big cloud of roach
text: powder into his long hair.
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: (backing off)
dialog: Stand clear, who the hell knows what's
dialog: living in there?
text: All during this, snickering laughter from the onlooking half-
text: dozen POLICE OFFICERS gathered to watch. Jim waits, then
dialog: with great claim, in a quiet voice:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You finished? You sure you're
dialog: finished? Haven't you forgotten
dialog: something -- the consolation prize
dialog: they gave ya for taking your cock
dialog: and balls? The guns. Why don't you
dialog: use em you withered dicks! You shit-
dialog: eating red-neck chickenshit bastards,
dialog: I hope this makes your worthless
dialog: lives...
text: As he's smacked by COP 2, sending him sprawling into the
dialog: wall...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (on the floor, quiet)
dialog: You better kill me cause I'm gonna
dialog: come back and fuck everyone of your
dialog: daughters...
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - THAT NIGHT
text: A SNOWBALL smashes against the glass. COPS coming out with
dialog: sticks.
text: A RIOT brewing. A HUNDRED TEENAGERS sallying back and forth
text: on the sidewalk, taunting the cops. A dozen of them have
dialog: already been arrested.
speaker_heading: KIDS
text: LET JIM GO!!! MORRISON! MORRISON! WE
speaker_heading: WANT MORRISON!
speaker_heading: COPS
dialog: GET OUTTA HERE! GO HOME. GO ON NOW!
text: COPS chase the KIDS with sticks. But just as it looks like
text: it's going to get out of hand, JIM appears at the doors of
text: the station, stepping out between RAY and the DOORS and
text: SIDDONS. He signals his freedom, arms in the air.
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: MOR-RI-SON! MOR-RI-SON! MOR-RI-SON!
text: Jim waves, does a small pained victory jig in front of the
text: thwarted Gestapo, ribcage and spleen hurting.
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: JIM JIM JIM JIM JIM JIM...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (aside to Robbie)
dialog: He could go all the way man! In five
dialog: years he could be in the White House.
speaker_heading: Another JFK.
text: Robbie's look tells us he thinks Ray is as much caught up in
dialog: his dreams as Jim.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: FLASHBULBS hits us full frame as:
scene_heading: INT. MUG SHOT - LIMBO
text: A reminder of the reality as the thud of a clanking gate
text: shuts. MORRISON's profile, disheveled hair -- he glares
dialog: angrily.
speaker_heading: FLASH!
scene_heading: FRONTAL SHOT, slated Police Dept -- New Haven Conn -- 23750 --
text: 12-10-67. A sullen handsome portrait.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - (LAST SESSION) - LOS ANGELES NIGHT
dialog: (1970)
text: JIM drinks... an ugly cough. Silence. In this puffy wrack
text: and ruin there is still the ironic tones and sweet delight
text: of the boy amazed and amused by it all. We hear the ghostly
text: CROWD still cheering.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I drink so I can talk to assholes.
dialog: This includes me. Let's just say I
dialog: was testing the bounds of reality --
dialog: that's-all -- I was curious... I
dialog: kinda always preferred to be hated.
dialog: Like Erich Von Stroheim in the
dialog: movies... the man you loved to hate...
dialog: it's meant to be ironic, courage
dialog: wants to laugh. Y'know it's
dialog: essentially a stupid situation. I go
text: out on a stage and I howl for people.
dialog: In me they see what they want to see --
dialog: some say the Lizard King, whatever
dialog: that means, or some black-clad leather
dialog: demon whatever that means... but
dialog: really I think of myself as a
dialog: sensitive, intelligent human being
text: but with the soul of a clown which
dialog: always forces me to blow it at the
dialog: most crucial moment...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: a fake hero... a joke the gods played
dialog: on me... it's okay, I accept the
dialog: joke... and smile. Death old friend,
dialog: death and my cock, I can forgive my
dialog: injuries in the name of wisdom,
dialog: luxury, romance. Words got me the
dialog: wound and will get me well. All join
dialog: now in lament of my cock, a tongue
dialog: of knowledge in the feathered night.
text: Boys get crazy in the head and suffer.
dialog: I sacrifice my cock on the alter of
dialog: silence.
text: The ENGINEER looking at him puzzled. Has Jim lost it? MIKE,
text: his friend, is there in the Engineer's booth, with the Door's
text: SECRETARY, Leticia, and an elegant MYSTERY WOMAN. They're
text: smoking dope, partying.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hey Jim, how 'bout hitting a strip-
dialog: joint? It's getting late and we can...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nah, later...
text: The violent backbeat of THE WASP now picking up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Now listen to this I'll tell you
dialog: about Texas Radio and the big beat
text: soft driven slow and mad like some
dialog: new language reaching your head with
text: the cold sudden fury of a divine
dialog: messenger let me tell you about
dialog: heartache and the loss of God
dialog: wandering, wandering in hopeless
dialog: night out here on the perimeter there
dialog: are no stars out here we is stoned,
dialog: immaculate... but I tell you this:
dialog: No eternal reward will forgive us
dialog: now for wasting the dawn.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES - DAWN (1968)
text: JIM walks the dawn streets. Classic image -- jeans, boots,
text: jacket, the sun starting to rise on the smog and translucent
text: pink light along Santa Monica Boulevard outside the cheap
text: Alta Cienega Motel where he lives... PEACE FROG shoots us
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
text: Blood in the streets in the town of New Haven
text: Blood stains the roofs and palm trees of Venice
dialog: Blood in my love in the terrible summer
text: The bloody red sun of phantastic L.A.
text: Over the SONG, a MONTAGE of the 60's passing to its darker
dialog: side.
scene_heading: DOCUMENTARY IMAGES
text: MARTIN LUTHER KING assassinated, BOBBY KENNEDY gunned down,
text: PEGGY FLEMMING ice skating at the Olympics; A QUAKER burns
text: himself to death protesting the war in Vietnam; B-52 bombs
text: dropped on CAMBODIA; KENT STATE erupts; CHARLES MANSON is
dialog: arrested.
scene_heading: INT. BARNEY'S BEANERY - LOS ANGELES - MONDAY
text: JIM -- drinking in Barney's Bar.
speaker_heading: HEADLINE READS:
scene_heading: "KANSAS COPS SLAM DOORS; CONCERT CANCELLED," 2nd HEADLINE:
text: "DOORS 3RD ALBUM OUT, SALES UP, MAGIC DOWN."
text: Dissolve to CRITIC'S FACE. Back to Jim's face.
text: Superimpositions over it of:
speaker_heading: NEWS FLASHES
text: LYNDON JOHNSON's dog face on TV withdrawing: NIXON waving as
text: he wins '68; Rowen and Martin's LAUGH IN; COLUMBIA STUDENTS
scene_heading: taking over; 3rd HEADLINE: "MORRISON BUSTED IN VEGAS". MARTIN
text: LUTHER KING going down again; NIXON winning; massive ANTI-
text: WAR PROTESTS in Washington; floating space ships in "2001";
text: B-52s sailing over Vietnam 4th HEADLINE: "DOORS PROVOKE
text: CHICAGO RIOTS" -- again and again, faster, faster.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Blood is the rose of mysterious union!
dialog: There's blood in the streets &amp; it's up to my knees
dialog: She came
dialog: Blood in the streets of Chicago
dialog: She came
dialog: Blood on the rise and it's following me
dialog: Just about the break of day (etc)
text: The river runs red down the legs of the city
dialog: She came
text: The women are crying red rivers of weeping
text: The MONTAGE collides into an ECU on JIM -- drinking as if to
text: silence the images, the sounds we hear and see on his face.
text: Spirits crying for release. In alcoholic solace. He passes
text: out, head hitting the bar.
text: Jim's English friend, MIKE, walks in, throwing a harsh shaft
text: of LA morning light across the dark bar and JIM's face, bleary
text: eyed, passed out on the counter. He has a drinking paunch.
text: With him are TOM BAKER, "TOM", the actor from the Warhol
text: scene in New York and a huge biker type drinker named DOG,
text: one of Jim's roadmen, a beard fanning his chest, tattoos
text: everywhere. In the front of these three monoliths are about
text: twenty beer bottles, numerous Jack Daniels bottles emptied
text: and a lesbian BARTENDRESS pouring up a breakfast shot of
text: bloody Marys... Mike hands Dog a breakfast in a brown paper
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Morning. Pour me breakfast Delores...
text: Delores pouring the bloody mary. As Mike scoffs at Jim passed
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Whatsa matter with Jimbo? Can't handle
dialog: it huh
dialog: (studying the beer
dialog: bottles for leftovers)
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Pussy whipped, man...
text: DOG reaching in, dragging Jim's face up by the hair. Sticks
text: Mike's greasy eggs and bacon in front of Jim.
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: Hey Jim, come on babe, eat this. . .
dialog: one last place to go. Ray's getting
dialog: it on.
text: Jim is suddenly alert -- an instant and surprising
text: transformation, without hangover, eager eyed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (sparkling)
dialog: Alive she cried! Right Dog, another
dialog: cubic centimeter of chance
dialog: (slaps Dog, notices
dialog: the eggs, queasy)
dialog: Ugh, I can't eat this stuff, it'll
dialog: really make me sick. Gimme a Dos
dialog: Equis will ya Delores? And a Ramos
text: gin fizz with it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Fuck man did you fade or what, we
dialog: were on a "death run" up to the 9000
dialog: building after the gig, you bet me a
dialog: grand you'd walk the ledge.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: Let's go... Right now!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Then mumbling about "gotta go home,
dialog: sanctuary," pussy whipped. We were
dialog: gonna film it! A thousand bucks!
dialog: (to Delores)
dialog: Give him a double.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: A triple, Tom, shem and shaun...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ...imagine me and Morrison in a fuckin
dialog: movie together, can you imagine two
dialog: powerful two-fisted Irish fucking
text: drinking guys in a movie, in a
dialog: documentary movie!!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I'll direct the shit out of it, man.
dialog: Dennis Hopper can do it, I can do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (drinking the fizz
dialog: down)
dialog: ...all of us direct it! In black and
dialog: white. Call it "Zero." A real road
dialog: movie! Two of these
dialog: (points to drink)
dialog: you feel a lot better.
text: As he pisses on the floor next to the bar stool.
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: Whatcha doing! Oh fuck.
speaker_heading: DELORES
dialog: Fuck you Morrison. You're outta here
dialog: you fuckhead, get out!
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: (lifting Jim out of
dialog: there)
dialog: Come on Jimbo, one more place to go.
dialog: Ray's getting married man, this
dialog: morning, remember! You're the best
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Fuck Ray -- fuckin Pollock all he
dialog: cares about's money. Fuckin sell
dialog: out. You sold out too man. The last
dialog: album's shit, and lemme tell ya
dialog: something, people know it.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (defending Jim)
dialog: Come on Baker, lighten up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's all right. I like it
dialog: (that dopey smile)
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: (to Jim)
dialog: Come on man, toe the line. Boots to
dialog: the pavement. Let's walk.
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA BOULEVARD - SAME MORNING
text: JIM, loose, wanders right into the traffic, waving to anybody,
text: trying to hitch a ride. DOG and the OTHERS going after him.
text: Jim seen slipping a tablet from his pocket into his mouth.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to no one in
dialog: particular)
dialog: I LOVE L.A. -- the best neon. City
dialog: of Night! City of Light... why are
dialog: you going to work? You're not slaves,
dialog: you're free, cars, you're free...
text: TOM catching up to him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Awright shaddup Morrison, just cause
dialog: you don't gotta work.
dialog: (going into his pocket)
dialog: Give me some of your money, asshole,
dialog: and I'll yell anything you fucking
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (coming up)
dialog: What was that speckled motherfucker
dialog: you just took? Give me some!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (yielding, to Tom)
dialog: You gotta fail to succeed Tom, gotta
text: surrender to the waiting tides.
text: Moving through traffic. Horns honking, incessant insanity.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC PALISADES - SAME MORNING
text: RAY and DOROTHY take their vows in front of a HIPPIE PRIEST.
text: ROBBIE and JOHN and their WIVES-TO-BE, and OTHERS from the
text: BAND look on.
text: PAMELA is all decked out in her best, wedding clothes, red
text: satins from Morocco, five-inch clog heels, flowers in her
text: hair. Looking around pissed as:
speaker_heading: HIPPIE PRIEST
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: Awright, the vibrations are right
dialog: now, I feel peace and love here today,
dialog: I feel a grooviness coming on, do
dialog: you Ray Manzarek take your lady
dialog: love... (etc.) fill the white wings
dialog: of death, scatter your ashes
dialog: forever...
text: JIM slinks up through the trees, alone, quiet, changing faces
text: to face them as SUMMER'S ALMOST GONE plays sinuously.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Summer's almost gone
dialog: Where will we be
dialog: When the summer's gone?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Where the fuck you been man?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Man, I been here all the time...
dialog: over there watching. I'm really happy
dialog: for you Ray you found life...
text: He smiles innocently. Ray, a beat, turns away. Pam coming
text: over, squeezes his hand, sweetly, no fights today, she's his
dialog: lady.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY STORE - LAUREL CANYON - THAT DAY
text: JIM, in dark glasses, strongly feeling the effects of the
text: acid, stares at a box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes, unable to
dialog: relate.
text: Down the aisle PAMELA, in her wedding clothes, is pushing a
text: shopping cart, filled with the feast she's preparing. The
text: Store is a haven for HIPPIES from Laurel Canyon, barefoot
scene_heading: RUNAWAYS, BIKERS...
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jim, I need some safflower oil. Do
dialog: you think you can find me a bottle?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Safflower oil, sure.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: And get some Gravy Train for Sage.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (obediently)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I'll meet you up front.
text: Jim looking, zombie-like for the food. PEOPLE of course stare
text: at him, knowing who he is.
speaker_heading: TIMECUT TO:
text: At the CHECK-OUT COUNTER, the food being tallied up, JIM
text: spots his face plastered on the cover of something like the
scene_heading: "L.A. FREE PRESS" -- "ROCK'S BAD BOYS GO SOFT -- WHAT'S
text: HAPPENED TO THE REVOLUTION?"
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jim you got any cash?
text: Seeking in his pocket -- nothing but a credit card and a
text: rumpled old dollar bill... The faces of the Hippies looking
text: at him. With one of the magic markers on the counter, he
text: draws in his beard on his cover shot.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: Morning found us clearly unaware
dialog: Noon burned gold into our hair
dialog: At night we swam the laughing sea
dialog: When summer's gone where will we be
scene_heading: EXT. JIM &amp; PAM'S HOUSE - LAUREL CANYON - DAY
text: PAM and JIM and the labrador SAGE trudge up a hill carrying
text: the groceries to their modest little house tucked into a
text: hill of dangling eucaplyptus trees. We sense a community of
dialog: artists, hippies, Volkswagens.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: It's only another $95,000 but I could
dialog: get the best clothes. From India,
dialog: Morocco Jim, clothes you can't find
dialog: anywhere, we could get the richest
dialog: people to come, Miles Davis, Cher,
dialog: the Stones, it's gonna be the best
dialog: boutique on La Cienega Jim... why
dialog: are we walking, how come we don't
dialog: have a car?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...cause you lost it. It's fun to
dialog: walk, isn't it.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: ...that was months ago. We got another
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Which car?
speaker_heading: PAM
text: The red one with the black interior.
dialog: Remember it was a shift and I didn't
dialog: like it. What happened to it?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh yeah... I wrecked it.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Oh Jim! Damn! Where's the Gravy Train?
dialog: Whatsamatter? What are you on? You
dialog: promised you wouldn't drink today.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No Ma I ain't drinking.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: You're not gonna drink any more are
dialog: you Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No Ma I ain't.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: And you're gonna change those stinky
dialog: leathers you been wearing for three
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't know 'bout that.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What the hell are you on?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Uh -- just some low grade acid. It's
dialog: not heavy.
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Pam, read my mind.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jesus Jim! Goddamit! You PROMISED. I
dialog: made the duck! People are coming!
dialog: Ray and Dorothy think we're flaky
dialog: enough and I... you said you'd wait
dialog: till after, you're going to peak
dialog: before me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey it's okay, it's okay... come on,
dialog: we'll trip and then eat our feast.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Yeah sure.
text: Putting down the bags at their porch, pausing. He moves to
text: her, kisses her, conciliatory and gentle.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on baby, y'know it's a good
dialog: thing for Ray and Dorothy I think
dialog: women are such noble creatures --
dialog: they carry on your name with dignity
dialog: after you die.
dialog: (spawning like minnows)
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What are you saying? You wanna marry
dialog: me Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (elusively)
dialog: I think women basically have a comic
dialog: approach to life -- I mean how can
dialog: they not when they look up in the
text: dark and see a dangling penis, seeking
dialog: entry. It looks like a face y'know --
dialog: little beard "Hi mom"
dialog: (Pam giggling now)
dialog: I wanna get inside you. Look around.
dialog: (humming)
dialog: "Do the funky chicken, do dah, dah,
dialog: funky chicken do da da "love my girl" --
text: She's cracking up now. As he takes the acid out, holds it in
text: front of her like a sacrament.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Let's go wild child, let's get out
dialog: there Romeo and Juliet, Marilyn Monroe
dialog: and Vincent Van Gogh, Jim and Pam,
dialog: rock and roll
dialog: (a poem)
dialog: ...all the poetry has wolves in it,
dialog: but one Pam -- the most beautiful
text: one of all -- dances in a ring of
text: fire and throws off the challenge
dialog: with a shrug
text: As she takes the tablet on her tongue, swallows.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (romantic)
dialog: I like it when you sing to me
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: 'cause I'm the poet and you're my
dialog: muse
text: Strains of YOU'RE LOST, LITTLE GIRL drift in, setting a more
text: ominous tone.
scene_heading: INT. JIM AND PAM'S HOUSE - LAUREL CANYON - THAT DAY
text: The FOOD is laid out, the DUCK cooking... but no one is there
text: as we move across this tastefully decorated house to PAMELA
text: in the living room, rattled, obsessively going through Jim's
text: papers. PEOPLE are knocking at the door. Guests looking
text: through the windows, tapping. A giant poster of Marilyn Monroe
dialog: frames Pamela.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What am I going to do about these
dialog: papers! Jim, Jim -- you really need
dialog: someone to organize this stuff. Your
dialog: handwriting's just like a little
dialog: kid.
text: Jim is somewhere else -- pulling out the DUCK which is totally
text: charred black. He laughs.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: My God look at this. I wonder if
dialog: William Blake was ever this
text: disorganized.
text: RAY and DOROTHY walking in. ROBBIE and JOHN general commotion.
text: Dorothy immediately seeing the duck, runs to it...
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Oh the duck!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (coming over)
dialog: Get some drinks, man. Over there
dialog: (getting Pam's
dialog: attention)
dialog: Pam!
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I'm gonna be your editor now,
dialog: seriously I'm going to organize all
dialog: your stuff. I'm gonna take out all
dialog: the fuck words.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: You're lost little girl
dialog: You're lost little girl
dialog: You're lost, tell me
dialog: Who are you?
text: PEOPLE are introducing themselves, coming in from all over,
text: like in a shoebox. Hippies. Doors people... now TOM BAKER
text: with MIKE and DOG... Now an aggressive Chuck Berry type BLACK
text: SINGER with John's GIRLFRIEND. Then a TIMOTHY LEARY look-
text: alike appears. CHATTER blending everywhere as we build to a
text: vast confusion at Jim and Pam's party.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Let's go wild child, let's get out
dialog: there Romeo and Juliet, Marilyn Monroe
dialog: and Vincent Van Gogh, Jim and Pam,
dialog: rock and roll
dialog: (a poem)
dialog: "Clothed in sunlight Restless in
dialog: wanting Dying of fever Changed shapes
dialog: of an empire Vast promissory notes
dialog: of joy How it has changed you How
dialog: slowly estranged you Solely arranged
dialog: you Beg you for mercy"
text: As she takes the tablet on her tongue, swallows.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (cupping her chin)
dialog: Pam... Honey, you're trying too hard.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I'm not -- I'm not.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (soft, reassuring)
dialog: Yes you are.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: There's some great poetry here Jim,
dialog: some wonderful ideas.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah but nobody wants to read poetry
dialog: anymore, nobody cares, it's not like
dialog: important y'know. Just put it away.
dialog: Not right now.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (lost)
dialog: But what am I supposed to do? How do
dialog: I fit in? Who am I supposed to be
dialog: around all these people?
text: The FRENCH COUNT coming in now, from the Warhol party in New
text: York. They're looking at her, embarrassing as everyone
text: overhears.
speaker_heading: COUNT
dialog: Darling Pamela, I brought you a little
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (ignoring it)
dialog: You're my girl, that's who...
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: (laughs insanely)
dialog: I'm not your girl, don't give me
dialog: that shit. I know you fuck everything
dialog: that touches you.
dialog: Only in life would ANNE O'RIORDAN walk in at this precise
text: moment, a smile on her face. Ray's eyes roll.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Hi Jim...
dialog: (waiting for the
dialog: introduction to Pam)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Pamela)
dialog: All right so I do. I live my life
dialog: the way I want. I don't want anyone
dialog: expecting anything from me --
dialog: including you! You don't like it
dialog: then get the fuck out!
dialog: (to Anne)
dialog: Oh hi Anne. You know Pam? She's a
dialog: little pissed off right now but...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Okay Jim let's eat that duck.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (calming Pamela)
dialog: Come on Pam, let's put out the
dialog: plates...
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: (stunned, pushing
dialog: thru to Anne)
dialog: Anne O'Riordan. Are you Anne
dialog: O'Riordan?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You must be Pamela
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: (eyeing her up and
dialog: down through her
dialog: tears)
dialog: You actually put your dick in this
dialog: woman Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well I... sometimes yeah
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: (condescending to
dialog: Anne)
dialog: I understand... I really do but don't
dialog: ever think that Jim's gonna love you
dialog: or take care of you. You're one of a
dialog: hundred you know
text: Anne uncomfortable, Jim getting pissed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey -- don't you know when to stop!
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Look who's talking
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I'd like to think Jim can make up
dialog: his own mind who he loves and who he
dialog: doesn't.
speaker_heading: PAMELA
dialog: Don't kid yourself sweetheart, Jim's
dialog: crazy but he's not that crazy. He
dialog: loves me.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Jesus, it's not gonna be one of these
dialog: dinners is it Jim? How 'bout some
dialog: turkey?
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: Love it!! Far out.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Yes, let's go into the kitchen. The
dialog: duck's ready.
text: John's GIRLFRIEND is trying to introduce the BLACK SINGER to
dialog: Jim.
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: Jim, you should meet Chuck Vincent.
dialog: He came specially to meet you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (deeply surprised)
dialog: Oh yeah -- Chuck. You're my idol
dialog: man... since I was 12. The best man...
text: CHUCK VINCENT is suddenly there in Jim's face, bulging
text: eyeballs.
speaker_heading: CHUCK VINCENT
dialog: So you the white boy makin' all that
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I still can't hold a candle to you.
speaker_heading: CHUCK VINCENT
dialog: Hey everybody Chuck Vincent's here.
dialog: Yo sho can't boy, I ain't heard much
dialog: of yor stuff. What I done heard don't
dialog: show me much.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (insulted)
dialog: So fuck you man...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Chuck Vincent man! No. He's right...
dialog: Chuck Vincent's here, everybody,
dialog: Chuck Vincent.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Ain't no honkey ever gonna sing the
dialog: blues, you ain't been there. Where
dialog: dat turkey at?
text: The charred TURKEY is being carved up. A moment of peace,
text: then: Pamela walks up to Jim with a bowl of sweet potatoes
text: in her arms, an announcement.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I just have one thing to say to you --
dialog: YOU'VE RUINED ANOTHER THANKSGIVING
dialog: JIM MORRISON!!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's not Thanksgiving honey.
text: As she throws the sweet potatoes right at him, spraying
text: everybody. Jim laughing nuttily, the Count wiping the potatoes
text: off. Pam rushing now for the turkey to throw, Jim chasing
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (freaking out now)
dialog: YOU BASTARD! YOU RUINED MY DUCK, YOU
text: KILLED MY DUCK!!! BLOOD BLOOD BLOOD
text: RAZORS RAZORS EVERYWHERE!
text: Throwing the turkey at Jim, smearing everything, everybody.
speaker_heading: COUNT
dialog: Pamela, bella, please behave hunh...
dialog: Va fanculo Jimmy, what the hell did
dialog: you give her
text: She doesn't want the Count's solace, throws him off.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: GET OUT!!!
text: PATRICIA leaving now, covered with turkey sauce.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: See you later.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to the Count)
dialog: She's working it out, man, it's okay
dialog: (going to console her)
dialog: Pamela, Pamela... come on baby, it's
dialog: all right, shhh.
text: HUNGARIAN GYPSY FOLK MUSIC playing madly from the tape deck.
text: John fiddling with it, nervously.
speaker_heading: PAM
scene_heading: BLOOOOOOODDDDDDD! DEEATHHHH! STOP
text: THE BLEEDING JESUS. I'M DYING HELP
speaker_heading: MEEEEEE!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: PUSH! PUSH! IT'S A BOY!
text: They struggle, she goes for the carving knife, Dorothy and
text: Ray trying to restrain her. OTHER GUESTS keep talking as if
text: things are quite normal. Pam breaks through Dorothy -- coming
dialog: after Jim
speaker_heading: PAM
text: RAAAAZOOOORS!!! RAAAAZZZZZORS AND
text: DUCKKKS! THIS SHAMAN SHIT IS BULLSHIT!
dialog: FUCK YOU AND YOUR DARK RIDE!!
text: He grabs her wrist just in time, equally insane now -- a
text: comic glow in his face. Jekyll and Hyde.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh murder? MURDER??? YOU WANNA DO
speaker_heading: SOME MURDER
speaker_heading: RAY
text: JIM! COME ON. GET A HOLD OF YOURSELF!
scene_heading: TOM, DOG &amp; MIKE
dialog: (jumping in)
dialog: MURDER!!! YEAH!... Where's my camera!
text: A ball of people wrestling across the kitchen floor, upsetting
text: the table and the remainder of the dishes, a carving knife
text: at stake in the air... Jim finally wrestling the knife away
text: and holding it over Pam.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT MURDER IS. YOU
text: WANNA FEEL DEATH... HERE!
dialog: (forces the knife
dialog: back into her hand)
dialog: MURDER ME! FEEL WHAT IT'S LIKE! GO
text: AHEAD. GIMME SOME DEATH!!!
dialog: (kneels at her feet)
text: She explodes inward, a bloodcurdling SHRIEK. The knife
text: clattering from her hand.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: YOU YOU YOU!!!! YOU KILLED MY DUCK!
dialog: YOU KILLED MY DUCK!!
text: Jim laughing insanely. Jumping up and down on the duck. RAY
text: grabbing him, angry.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'M STILL KILLING YOUR DUCK!!! FUCK!!!
text: MURDER DEATH!!! THE DUCK IS DEAD.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: JIM!! WILL YOU STOP THIS SHIT WILL
dialog: YOU STOP!! WILL YOU GET SANE!!
speaker_heading: JIM
text: (explodes out of his
dialog: grasp)
dialog: DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO!! EVER!!
speaker_heading: EVER!!
text: A silence. Robbie... John... their women... they start
dialog: exiting.
speaker_heading: TOM &amp; MIKE
dialog: (to RAY)
dialog: Yeah FUCK OFF MAN!
text: Ray about to lose his temper with Tom, checks it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK VINCENT
dialog: (to John's girlfriend)
dialog: This party's gettin' low rent. Let's
dialog: go babe.
text: Exiting with the other Doors... Dog picking the duck up from
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: Hey, fuck him, let's eat this thing.
text: Pamela is sobbing, in a quiet bewildered voice, repeating to
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What the hell's happened to us Jim?
dialog: What the hell is happening to us.
dialog: There's some great poetry...
dialog: On Jim... saddened.
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: You're lost little girl (2)
dialog: You're lost, tell me
dialog: Who are you?
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - OUTDOOR THEATRE - NIGHT
text: The backbeat of NOT TO TOUCH THE EARTH as a DOCUMENTARY FILM
text: CREW, moves past us directed by MIKE and DOG and TOM shoot
dialog: past us, sun guns, nagras ("Rolling! Speed!") then...
text: A mad rush of HANDS and SCREAMS as SHAPES whip by under
text: swinging light-bulbs -- big BLACK BODYGUARDS, six or seven
text: of them, bulling their way thru the grasping faces, as
text: MORRISON appears... camera swinging wildly with him to reveal:
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - (ANY CITY) - NIGHT
text: THOUSANDS OF FANS roaring "DOORS! DOORS! DOORS!"
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (loudspeaker)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, from Los Angeles
dialog: California -- The DOORS!
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: (in crush)
dialog: Jim! Your Mom's here with your
dialog: brother. What do you want me to do
dialog: with 'em?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: HIDE ME!!!
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
text: Madness. COPS lining the edge of the stage, looking worried.
text: As Jim throws his leather jacket into the cheering crowd and
text: does the ghost dance around the microphone, Indian style,
text: one foot, resurrecting the dead, the power of the circle.
text: The stage is bottom lit, Dantean in look. The Doors casting
text: giant shadows of heroic proportions. DEA AGENTS in suits and
text: short hair take photos from the front of the stage, clipboards
text: in hand. Blocked by a row of cops, it is impossible for Jim
dialog: to communicate with his audience.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: There's been a slaughter here
dialog: Don't stop to speak or look around
dialog: Your gloves and fan are on the ground
dialog: We're getting out of town we're going
dialog: on the run
dialog: And you're the one I want to come
dialog: Not to touch the earth
dialog: Not to see the sun
dialog: Nothing left to do
dialog: But run, run, run
dialog: Let's run, let's run...
text: SIDDONS yelling at MIKE, the roadie.
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: Vice Squad says one more "fuck or
dialog: shit" they're gonna close us down
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Stick my dick in their ear!
text: Jim ignoring all this, one hand cupped to his ear listening
text: for the sound of the earth, gone into a shaman-like state,
text: weird spiralling chords carrying over the following MONTAGE
dialog: of hallucinatory insanity.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: House upon the hill
text: Moon is lying still...
scene_heading: EXT. JIM &amp; PAM'S HOUSE - LAUREL CANYON - NIGHT
text: A POV up at the house -- into which JIM enters. The lights
text: are on. Sage at the door sniffing.
scene_heading: INT. JIM &amp; PAM'S HOUSE - LAUREL CANYON - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
text: Shadows of the trees witnessing the
dialog: wild breeze
dialog: Come on baby run with me
dialog: Run with me, let's run...
text: JIM'S POV entering the bedroom -- PAMELA naked in bed with
text: the COUNT, is snorting heroin. Shadows of the trees and leaves
text: blowing against the walls. Their voices, dim, distant.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (ironic)
dialog: Oh hi... I didn't realize you were
dialog: entertaining.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (stoned)
dialog: Hi.
text: She sits up on the bed, wobbly. The COUNT, more sophisticated
text: in these things, lights a cigarette from the bedside table,
text: revealing heroin paraphernalia.
speaker_heading: COUNT
dialog: Scusi Jimmy, I hope you're cool about
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (very cool)
dialog: Don't forget your smack on the way
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - CONCERT
text: Jim's struggling to break through the barrier of cops.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (yelling)
text: The mansion is warm at the top of
dialog: the hill
dialog: Rich are the rooms and the comforts
dialog: there
text: Red are the arms of luxuriant chairs
dialog: You won't know a thing till you get
dialog: inside
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. JIM &amp; PAM'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The COUNT is gone. JIM, icy cold, grabs PAM by the wrist.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I told you about that shit. Or are
dialog: we talking about death choices here?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I'm just doing my thing, just like
dialog: you said, it's my thing, why can't I
dialog: have a thing. Ow! You're hurting me!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (rising anger)
dialog: Get up. Hurt? You want to know HURT?
dialog: Let me introduce you to my good friend
dialog: hurt.
text: He is on her, throws her from the bed. She runs and hides in
text: the closet, slamming the door behind her.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: NO FUCK YOU! THIS IS MY...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (crazed)
dialog: Ah sanctuary!... a soft place to
dialog: hide.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (inside)
dialog: ...from you, you pig!
text: As he picks up a can of lighter fluid and douses the closet
text: door and the floor.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'll give you a place to hide forever!
text: We INTERCUT with PAM inside the closet yelling for mercy
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: PAM
speaker_heading: JIM!
text: He puts a candle to the drenched door/floor.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: This is the best part of the trip,
dialog: honey...
text: Inside, PAM feels the first flames licking up, smoke wafting
dialog: in.
text: JIM leaves the house.
text: Pam kicking wildly at the doors, trying to smash her way out
text: as the FIRE crescendoes. She finally shatters the frail
text: molding and bursts out.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM &amp; PAM'S HOUSE - LAUREL CANYON - NIGHT
text: PAM runs out into Laurel Canyon like a terrified doe running
text: from a forest fire. SONG beat NOT TO TOUCH THE EARTH
dialog: continues.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LOS ANGELES - NIGHT
text: Jim and Mike driving drunk, fucking TWO BLACK CHICKS. Mike
text: in the back seat. Jim drives the car up onto the grass of a
text: Police Station and plows right into it.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULEVARD - LOS ANGELES - NIGHT
text: Knowing who's inside, sufficient be it to see the blue Shelby
text: Mustang plow into a telephone pole on Santa Monica Blvd.
scene_heading: JIM &amp; THE DOORS
dialog: Dead President's corpse in the
dialog: driver's car
text: The engine runs on glue and tar
dialog: C'mon along, we're not going very
dialog: far
dialog: To the East to meet the Czar...
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S SOHO LOFT - NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: A HIGH PRIESTESS, assisted by a HIGH PRIEST, conducts a Wicca
text: wedding amidst a setting of candles, mixing a few drops of
text: JIM and ANNE's blood into a consecrated cup of wine, from
text: which they drink. They all wear long black robes, the only
text: light from the candles, standing inside a circle in front of
text: a table with altar, incense, chalice.
speaker_heading: HIGH PRIESTESS
dialog: (dimly heard)
dialog: ...we worship the ancient forces of
dialog: Nature, the Triple Goddess, the Great
dialog: Mother and the Lord, the Horned One...
dialog: when the vow is taken
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - DAY
text: MOTORCYCLE ESCORTS COPS zoom past the limo windows on the LA
speaker_heading: STREETS.
scene_heading: INT. ANNE'S SOHO LOFT - NEW YORK - RESUME NIGHT
text: The PRIESTESS presses the two cut wrists together, binding
text: them with a red cord.
speaker_heading: HIGH PRIESTESS
dialog: ...it is a blending of souls on a
dialog: karmi and cosmic plane that affects
dialog: your future incarnations on this
dialog: planet. Death does not part -- only
dialog: lack of love -- and the vow is forever
dialog: in the Goddess' sight.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: (building faster and
dialog: faster)
dialog: Run with me, run with me
dialog: Run with me, let's run
text: Some outlaws live by the side of a
dialog: lake
dialog: The minister's daughter's in love
dialog: with a snake
text: Jim faints.
scene_heading: EXT. DOORS OUTDOOR CONCERT - NIGHT
text: JIM, mind totally gone into his trance, spreading his arms
text: like wings, hopping from one foot to the other like a shaman
text: around his microphone, whirling, yelling out great rewards
text: for the tribe. Plentiful antelope, healthy corn.
text: The kids are going wild -- writhing like maenads in his
text: intoxicating embrace. Embers from an enormous BONFIRE drift
text: past the stadium lights into the night. But the KIDS,
text: increasingly frustrated by a barrage of COPS, cannot see
text: their leader and now push against the cops with the very
dialog: result the authorities seek to repress.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
text: Who lives in a well by the side of
dialog: the road
dialog: Wake up girl! We're almost home
dialog: We shall see the gates by morning
dialog: We shall be inside by evening
dialog: Sun, sun, sun
dialog: Burn, burn, burn
dialog: Moon, moon, moon!
text: RAY, gone into his own trance, happening to look up from his
text: keyboard. His eyes widen.
text: His POV -- an INDIAN SHAMAN hovers over the microphone.
text: Cloaked in hides, his face obscured by a horned headdress
text: with colored tails and feathers streaming down his shoulders,
text: rattles in each fist, the BONFIRE glowing...
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: I will GET YOU
scene_heading: Soon -- soooooooon... SOOOOOOONNNN...
text: The COPS can't hold. TEENAGE SHOCK TROOPS hitting the stage,
text: clambering up. The stage becoming a riot. Cops wading in
text: with sticks. ROADIES and BODYGUARDS yanking the MUSICIANS
dialog: from their places...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (indifferent, to
dialog: himself)
dialog: I am the Lizard King I can do anything
text: As DOG hauls the shaman king off in a bearhug, smiling stoned,
text: immaculate.
scene_heading: INT. ALTA CIENEGA MOTEL - DAY
text: Start slow CLOSE UP on JIM, he's crying, his head on a pillow,
text: silent, haunted... pull out to see the room, no explanations.
text: A TV GAME SHOW is on, JUDY, 17, and her FRIEND, 16, watching
text: naked, skinny..., piles of murder magazines and books,
text: clothes, and personal items trashed around the thread bare
text: room he calls home. She looks over at him.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Man wow -- watsa matter Jim? It was
dialog: beautiful... wasn't it? Kim? Wasn't
dialog: it great?
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: (2nd girl, studying
dialog: murder magazine)
dialog: It was all right
text: Jim continues to cry.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Hey it's no big deal. I like to cry
dialog: when I come. It's close to death...
dialog: maybe you'd better go home now before
dialog: your mama gets home.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: She is home Jim
dialog: (whispers to Kim who
dialog: goes into bathroom,
dialog: giggling)
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: It's a secret.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: You know you've always been good to
dialog: me in bed Judy. And it was nice of
dialog: you to bring your friend. I want to
dialog: keep seeing both of you but it can't
dialog: be all the time y'know. It would be
dialog: a night every few weeks or so. That's
dialog: just the way I am, I'm not dependable.
dialog: I can't be a boyfriend. Would you do
dialog: that? I mean could you handle it?
dialog: That way? I don't want you to get
dialog: hurt.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (putting on a tacky
dialog: dress)
dialog: I already been hurt enuf' by you
dialog: Jim, I don't have much to lose do I?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...do you love me?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: ...yes
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...Well, just think about it awhile.
dialog: Call me when you get your new
dialog: number...
dialog: (Girl 2 comes back
dialog: in, dressed)
dialog: Hey that's a really nice outfit you're
dialog: wearing, you really have good taste
dialog: in clothes. How long have you two
dialog: been friends?
text: He's so concerned, so solicitous that both girls crack up
dialog: laughing.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (grins)
dialog: What?
text: A knock at the door.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come back later!
dialog: (another knock)
dialog: Who is it!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (slurred)
dialog: It's a secret.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (recognizes it)
dialog: Whyn't you come back later. I don't
dialog: have any clothes on.
scene_heading: EXT. ALTA CIENEGA MOTEL ROOM - SAME DAY
text: PAM's mascara is running from her eyes, begging to get in.
text: The BLACK MAID cleaning the adjacent room overheard,
text: unsurprised.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jim, I gotta talk! Let me in please.
dialog: I gotta talk.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Now Pam sweetheart, I'm busy.
text: Pamela listening at the door. She's on the second story of a
text: cheap motel overlooking a boring parking lot on the edge of
dialog: La Cienega.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jim, I know there's someone in there,
dialog: I can't believe you're doing this
dialog: again. You're disgusting.
scene_heading: INTERCUTS TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well you see Pam there's this crazy
text: girl in here, she's just lying on
dialog: the bed with her legs open and I
dialog: don't know what to do.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: FUCK YOU!!! I want to see her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (off)
dialog: It's your cousin Lizzie, you don't
dialog: want to see her. Go home.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: We're all sisters, let me see her.
dialog: Jim,... I got this wonderful leg of
dialog: lamb in the oven for supper... and
text: the house is immaculate. Sage is
dialog: waiting. He wants you to play with
dialog: him... are you coming...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Almost.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jim goddamit answer me!!
dialog: (no answer, she yells)
dialog: JIM! I FUCKED HIM TO HURT YOU! HE
dialog: DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING TO ME!!
text: PEOPLE in the parking lot looking up. A silence is her only
text: response. She waits, turns away from the closed door as TOUCH
dialog: ME BABE cuts in:
speaker_heading: DOORS SONG
dialog: C'mon, c'mon, c'mon c'mon now
dialog: Touch me babe
dialog: Can't you see that I am not afraid
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - THAT NIGHT
text: In the VOCAL BOOTH, JIM is chugging on a brown paper bag
text: with whiskey in it, crooning with heart but the voice is
text: warped, weak.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What was that promise you made
dialog: Why don't you tell me what she said
dialog: What was that promise that she made
dialog: I'm gonna love you
dialog: Till the heaven stops the rain
dialog: I'm gonna love you
text: Till the stars fall from the sky
dialog: For you and I...
text: VARIOUS PEOPLE are hanging around the studio listening -- a
text: couple of HIPPIE CHICKS, A BURN VICTIM w/ bandages, a CHARLES
text: MANSON TYPE, a Siberian HUSKY, the TIM LEARY type. Paper
text: bags, burgers, bottles, California rose, apple juice, hard-
dialog: boiled eggs.
text: In the ENGINEERING BOOTH. ROTHCHILD, the producer, is
text: displeased.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to Botnick the
dialog: engineer)
dialog: ...fuckin' neanderthal primadonna is
text: too drunk to see.
dialog: (cuts the music, to
dialog: Jim)
dialog: Cut it... that was beautiful
dialog: sweetheat, we had a technical problem,
dialog: we'll take it again from the top
dialog: babe whenever you're ready.
text: On the floor, the DOORS are depressed. DENSMORE looking at
text: MORRISON, aimlessly, nervously. KRIEGER looking tired and
text: beaten, takes a discreet hit on a joint. Ray scans an art
dialog: book, patient.
speaker_heading: DENSMORE
dialog: What's his fucking problem?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (equally false)
dialog: Paul babe.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Right here baby.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why don't you suck a fart out of my
dialog: asshole you slave driving facist
dialog: motherfucker!
text: As he stalks out of the booth. Raging, near-incomprehensible.
text: A small portable TV set is playing the "Dean Martin Show"
text: low on one end of the recording console. Around the room the
dialog: detritus of the time -- Mailer's "Armies of the Night", The
text: Stone's "Beggar's Banquet", Janis' "Cheap Thrills", Traffic,
dialog: The Band.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (exasperated)
text: I hear the booze, I hear the smokes
dialog: Jim, I don't hear the voice and babe
dialog: I didn't hear the song!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: So what are we going to tonight Paul!
dialog: 67 takes! It's stale!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (coming in with JOHN)
dialog: Alright, let's try something else.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I wanna sing blues. This stuffs
text: getting too self-conscious.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (offended)
dialog: Cause it's my song man?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (simultaneous,
dialog: incomprehensible)
dialog: Let's sing "Rock is Dead"! You're
dialog: all a buncha slaves... "Oh come all
dialog: ye faithful."
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (hot)
dialog: Shut up Jim! I don't understand! I
dialog: don't. What are ya doing! I love you
dialog: like a brother, I do, but why are
dialog: you fucking this up. It's a perfect
dialog: radio song for chrissake! No one
dialog: wants to hear the blues anymore!
dialog: Think like a singer, you're the only
dialog: baritone crooner we got left...
dialog: Sinatra, Elvis, Crosby, you're as
dialog: good as they are, but WHY ARE YOU
dialog: FUCKING THIS UP! WHY!
text: Pause. Jim's face darkening. Something he sees on the
text: television. He stops, frozen, sickly. Several BIMBETTES are
text: dancing around a shiny new automobile as strains of LIGHT MY
text: FIRE pop out.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Catchy, you sold it to a commercial?
text: Ray, Siddons, Robbie, John, shuffling for a moment.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: For that? How much did you get for
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Now, Jim...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: HOW MUCH?
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: It was $50,000. You weren't talking
dialog: to us that week and we figgered you...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You figured? What the fuck is this
dialog: Ray?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It's not like a big deal Jim, the
dialog: song's already been commercialized,
dialog: the money was great. Robbie wrote
dialog: the lyrics and he didn't mind, neither
dialog: did I, neither did John... we gotta
dialog: get to TV.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What?... are you saying? Are we the
dialog: Doors? One for all and all for one?
dialog: Do you know what you're saying to
dialog: those millions of kids! "Just kidding,
dialog: not real". That's what you're saying.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh come on man, you think just cause
dialog: you're the lead man in the band you
dialog: can run the whole show.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (building intensity)
dialog: You think I was kidding Ray?
dialog: (turning to John)
dialog: Hey John, those are interesting shoes,
dialog: you like those shoes?
text: PAMELA, looking drawn and pathetic finds this moment to walk
text: into the studio.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (aggressive)
dialog: Yeah I do.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Good. Then do you want 50 of those
dialog: shoes?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Then what do you need more money
dialog: for?
text: Pause. Turning to Ray.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm dying Ray. I wasn't kidding.
dialog: Maybe you were. But I'll tell you
dialog: something, it's not about these
dialog: desires you have man, or money, or
dialog: these records, it's about breaking
dialog: through wasn't it? You just lost
dialog: something man.
dialog: (to all)
dialog: We all lost something boys. We lost
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't think so Jim. There's a bigger
dialog: picture here.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There sure is. In your fucking face!
text: A small smile flickers Jim's face as he picks up the small
text: TV and like a quarterback, hurls it, spinning end over end
text: from his corner of the Control Room towards Ray and Rothchild
text: and the Doors. They dive for the floor as it smashes to bits
text: into the wall behind the tape machines.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Just kidding...
dialog: (turning to Pam)
dialog: Hi Pam. Just watchin' some TV.
text: He seems pleased to distract his anger into her. She doesn't
text: seem to notice anything unusual going on. The Doors silent,
text: feeling Jim's rage.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (pathetic)
dialog: I wanted you to find us Jim. It meant
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know. I know.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: You don't have to torture me Jim.
dialog: Let me make it up to you, please...
text: The others all look away embarrassed. This is certainly a
text: moment the ordinary partner might turn away from Pamela, her
text: tears running, but her pathacy, her inability to deal with
text: pain is precisely what moves Jim the most -- a side of himself
text: in her -- an ultimate weakness she has, he shares. As he
text: goes to her, puts his arms gently around her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's alright honey, it's gonna be
dialog: alright. You're my girl and that's
dialog: the way it's always gonna stay.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (snuggles him, zoned)
dialog: Really...?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (ironic, to the others)
dialog: So, let's keep that money machine
dialog: rolling. Come on guys...
text: Rothchild looking to Botnick and to Ray. But the real look,
text: the unforgiving one, is from Jim to Ray who feels it.
text: Rothchild douses the lights in the studio.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Right on Jimbo.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: Overdubb of DOORS SONG SOFT PARADE - Jim's VOICE booming
dialog: thru the studio.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: When I was back there in seminary
dialog: school
dialog: There was a person there
dialog: Who put forth the proposition
dialog: That you can petition the Lord with
dialog: prayer
dialog: Petition the Lord with prayer
dialog: Petition the Lord with prayer
scene_heading: PETITION THE LORD WITH PRAYER
text: ROTHCHILD looking from his booth across at Jim. His POV --
text: only JIM is visible.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where the hell did she go?
text: In the control booth RAY and ROBBIE share a look. The lights
text: have been dimmed in Jim's booth, and he's weaving back and
text: forth a bottle of Ripple in his hand as they kick in with
text: the music. Camera closing now on Jim in the tender section,
dialog: on the money.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Can you give me sanctuary
dialog: I must find a place to hide
dialog: A place for me to hide...
text: In the darkened booth, PAM is on her knees his pants worked
text: down around his ankles, caressing him, sucking him off.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (sotto voice)
dialog: ...sing to me, Jim, sing to me.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Can you find me soft asylum
dialog: I can't make it any more
text: The man is at the door
text: The DOORS sense it. ROTHCHILD knows it, hushed. Magic's
text: suddenly in the air once more as we jump stanzas to:
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Catacombs, nursury bones
dialog: Winter women
dialog: Streets and shoes, avenues
dialog: Leather riders selling shoes
dialog: (The monk bought lunch)
dialog: Successful hills are here to stay
dialog: Everything must be this way
dialog: Gentle street where people play
dialog: Welcome to the soft parade
text: But Jim's voice has now gone off key, floating carefree,
text: drifting -- drifting away.
text: ROTHCHILD chuckles, philosophically.
text: The Doors in control booth start leaving. Robbie goes back
text: out to get his personal items.
text: But the OVERDUB still plays over the booth as Jim doesn't
text: realize. We take liberties cutting around on the song.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: All our lives we sweat and save
text: Building for a shallow grave
dialog: (then)
text: The soft parade has now begun
dialog: Listen to the engines hum
dialog: People out to have some fun
dialog: A cobra on my left
dialog: Leopard on my right
text: The Doors and ROTHCHILD all exiting, leaving BOTNICK the
dialog: engineer to clean up some technical things... and of course
text: the two occupants of the darkened booth.
speaker_heading: JIM SONG
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Calling on the dogs (5)
dialog: When all else fails
dialog: You can whip the horses' eyes
dialog: And make them sleep
dialog: And cry.
text: The music stops. Silence.
text: Inside the booth, two shadows breathe deep, huddled on the
text: floor in each other's arms. A whisper out of the dark.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I love you.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - LAST SESSION (1970) - NIGHT
text: JIM his head cocked, lost in the memory.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: Why does my mind circle around you?
dialog: Why do planets wonder what it would
dialog: be like to be you?
dialog: All your soft wild promises were
dialog: words, birds,
text: Endlessly in flight
dialog: Being drunk is the best disguise
text: As the body is ravaged
dialog: The spirit grows stronger
text: Pause. He coughs horribly, the phlegm sucking out his chest
text: with a horrid, asthmatic sound which he douses with another
text: cigarette and another shot of whiskey. The Bushmills now two
text: thirds empty. He looks over at the MYSTERY WOMAN now beside
text: him at the microphone. MIKE and the SECRETARY watch.
text: The bored ENGINEER across the darkened midnight room yawns.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Let's send out for some pizza Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nah, how 'bout some tacos when we're
dialog: through?
dialog: (downs another shot,
dialog: continues)
dialog: The world on fire
dialog: Taxi from Africa
dialog: The grand hotel he was drunk a big
dialog: party last night back, going back in
dialog: all directions sleeping these insane
dialog: hours I'll never wake up in a good
dialog: mood again
dialog: I'm sick of these stinky boots
dialog: Do you know we are being led to
dialog: slaughters by placid admirals?
dialog: And that fat slow generals are getting
dialog: obscene on young blood?
dialog: Do you know we are ruled by TV?
dialog: (pause)
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE BEGINS:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh great Creator of Being
dialog: Grant us one more hour to perform
dialog: our art and perfect our lives
dialog: The moths and atheists are doubly
dialog: divine in dying
dialog: We live, we die, and death not ends
dialog: it
dialog: Journey we more into the nightmare
dialog: We're reaching for death on the end
dialog: of a candle
dialog: We're trying for something that's
dialog: already found us...
scene_heading: DISSOLVING TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI AUDITORIUM - NIGHT (1969)
text: Crammed into every available space of an old SEAPLANE HANGAR
text: with no seats -- standing room only -- a MASS of KIDS swelter
text: in the heat, grumbling, fanning themselves with programs as
text: a warm-up BAND plays.
text: In the wings of the stage, a RADIO DJ/CRITIC is recording on
dialog: tape. It's the same kid we saw long ago at the Whiskey
text: backstage, pronouncing the arrival of the Doors on the scene.
text: Now he's got a beard, glasses, a more cynical face.
speaker_heading: RADIO DJ/CRITIC
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: A hot night in Miami January '69 --
text: every space in the auditorium is
dialog: consumed... unfortunately the Doors
dialog: have long since sold out. They've
text: become an act. Morrison "falls" off
dialog: the stage at least every other
dialog: performance. "The Soft Parade" album
dialog: only confirms the plasticity of their
dialog: approach. Songs like "Touch Me" and
dialog: "Follow Me Down" are not the Doors
dialog: we once knew. So the question is:
dialog: Why am I here? Are funerals
dialog: entertainment?
text: DENSMORE looks on from the stage wings, withdraws -- to RAY
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: DENSMORE
dialog: He ain't gonna show! I know it man.
dialog: We should fuckin' go on without him.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Bill's with him. They're an hour
dialog: away, he'll get him here.
scene_heading: INT. NEW ORLEANS AIRPORT BAR - SAME NIGHT
text: SIDDONS, the manager tugs on MORRISON who's getting soused
text: with DOG, TOM, MIKE, and ROTHCHILD the producer. The P.A.
text: SYSTEM announcing the departure of the Miami flight!
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: Goddamit Jim! We missed one already,
dialog: we gotta get this one man!
text: Jim slams has shot glass on the bar. He's got a beard for
text: the first time, looking like a tribal elder.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: More!
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Four more all around and up and down!
text: As the WAITRESS takes the order
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: NO! CUT EM OFF! CUT EM OFF!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't be so melodramatic Bill, it's
dialog: not fun anymore.
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: I can't fly sober.
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: Jim, you don't show for this one,
dialog: we're dead, the whole group -- no
dialog: more bookings.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I care.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Come on Jim, we'll get fuckin' laid
dialog: in Miami.
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: We need the work Jim! They're making
dialog: us post a $10,000 bond just to show
dialog: up -- we're the only group in rock-n-
dialog: roll with a fuck clause!
dialog: (aside to Dog)
dialog: Get him on the fuckin' plane. That's
dialog: what I pay you for.
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: (to Bill)
dialog: You're an awful little guy to be
dialog: talking like that.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Chump change, we're working for chump
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: Look at you, you're a pathetic fuckin'
dialog: slob and so are all your friends!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I got an idea Bill, you're fired.
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI AUDITORIUM - THAT NIGHT
text: The warm-up BAND is applauded and booed. The CROWD resembles
text: a pit of snakes, wriggling on top of each other. Impatient
speaker_heading: CATCALLS.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Listen to 'em! They're not coming
dialog: for the music anymore. They're coming
dialog: to see a fuckin' freak show!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You think it's easy for him. He moves
dialog: left he's got vice squad, on the
dialog: right narcs -- and the audience just
text: waiting for him to get busted.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: He wanted it! Not us. I just don't
dialog: fuckin' get the point anymore. I
dialog: never did I guess. Y'ask me he's
dialog: just become a drunken fuckin' asshole
dialog: that's what. And he's gonna take us
text: down with him.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Compassion was never your forte man.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don't lecture me Mr. Philosopher,
dialog: you never felt a fuckin thing in
dialog: your life. I loved that man. I loved
dialog: what he was.
text: Robbie strums his guitar, breaks the tension in the room. A
dialog: lick of "Five to One".
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: It ain't the old Jim that's for sure.
dialog: I think he's living for everybody
dialog: else man and somewhere along the way
dialog: he's lost his own self.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: The wine man, the ancient wine. The
dialog: ancient wine.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Something he once told us. About
dialog: Dionysos. When the madness took
dialog: over...
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: Sequence omitted from original script.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - THAT NIGHT
text: The STEWARDESS, uptight, tries a smile at JIM, TOM, MIKE all
text: belted in one row.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: My name is Rita Hager and if...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: If your name is Rita, then yor ol
dialog: man must be ol man Rita!!
dialog: (guffaws)
scene_heading: TOM, MIKE &amp; DOG
dialog: (chorusing)
dialog: That ol man Riva, he just keep rolling
dialog: along!
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: Excuse me sir, my father is not my
dialog: old man.
text: A BABY, with her MOTHER, stares at Jim fascinated. He lifts
text: his dark glasses, winks back at her.
speaker_heading: TIMECUT TO:
text: The STEWARDESS slips the oxygen mask over her face.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: In the event of a decrease of
dialog: pressure, pull the oxygen mask to
dialog: your...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ma ol lady had one of those but she
dialog: calls it a diaphragm when I'm eating
dialog: her out!
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: Nah, it's a douche bag on a dixie
dialog: cup.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: I'm sorry sir, but you're embarrassing
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Great tits.
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: Come on guys, cool it!
text: Other PASSENGERS looking over.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: In flight. Dog squeezes from the lavatory and drops a small
text: bar of soap in Jim's drink. They laugh, push, yell. Jim is
text: smoking a cigar.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (teasing to Rothchild
text: in the row behind
dialog: him)
dialog: C'mon Paul, you can get us some heroin
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (suddenly serious)
dialog: No I can't and I won't.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Cause I don't want to participate in
dialog: anything that would accomplish your
dialog: goal?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (wry)
dialog: Oh and what is my goal Paul? Death?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: "Death old friend".
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Wrong. I just want the pure beauty
dialog: of absolute zero and sing the blues
dialog: man -- do nuthin, go nowhere, just
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: With that waistline Jimbo you got no
dialog: choice.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (laughs, goodnatured)
dialog: What's wrong with being a large
dialog: mammal, a big beast like a tank. I
dialog: feel great!
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: Yeah. What's wrong with being fat.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You mean "Crawling King Flab"? Rock
dialog: is cock babe and your rock is dyin'.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Rock is death! There is no longer
dialog: belief. Hey, I'll write poetry and
dialog: direct movies.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: And what are you offering? Sex? You
dialog: can't get it up. Salvation? You can't
dialog: even save yourself. Come on Jim,
dialog: you're not gonna be remembered.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Miss?...
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: What do you need?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Some love.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: They'll still be talking about Jim
dialog: when you're a walk on Baker. I'll
dialog: make you a deal. When you do
dialog: something, I'll criticize it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I think you both should take your
text: heads out of the toilet bowl. After
dialog: "Soft Parade" You need an album
dialog: sweetheart.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You should take it outta your ass.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The first two novels come along they
dialog: love you, next few they slam but if
dialog: you stay around long enough, one day
dialog: they say, "hey he's part of the
dialog: national psyche".
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: What are you drinking?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Screwdrives-her.
dialog: (lifts her skirt)
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: (to Siddons)
dialog: I'm going to have to call the captain
dialog: if you can't control these people. I
dialog: guarantee that.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (a cruel sarcasm Jim
dialog: seems to enjoy)
dialog: ...if you live long enough, don't
dialog: kid yourself Jimbo -- you're all
dialog: alone out there, Jimbo, cept for me,
dialog: cause you're too wacked out man,
dialog: they're scared, you're too fuckin
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (feigning innocence)
dialog: I wasn't mad, Tom. I was only
dialog: interested in freedom.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (the devil)
dialog: Bullshit! You're bored, you're not
dialog: free. You tested all the limits,
dialog: fame, fucking, money, -- whatcha
dialog: gonna do now Jimbo! When the music's
dialog: over, when you're too fat and ugly
dialog: to get on a stage, whatcha gonna do
dialog: for act three -- puke on Heaven's
dialog: door?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Listen you two bit fuckin actor, you
dialog: underestimate the audience. You think
dialog: they all want a better job, a house,
dialog: two cars, money, that's what you
dialog: think but you know what they really
dialog: want, Tom, in their lives, what they
dialog: really want --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: ...something sacred, that's what
dialog: they want, something sacred.
text: Tom spews the contents of his mouth all over Jim in response.
text: Jim throws his sandwich back at Tom... then another drink
dialog: goes...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Fuck you ignorant devil's asshole
dialog: slave!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No you. Something sacred. My cock is
dialog: sacred. Suck on that!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't eat shrimp.
text: A full fledged food fight in progress. Dog, Tom, Jim, Mike
text: pushing and shoving. A drink spills over an innocent
speaker_heading: PASSENGER.
speaker_heading: DOG
dialog: Incoming!
text: The STEWARDESS coming up with the CAPTAIN.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: ALL RIGHT!! If you young men don't
dialog: change your attitude right now, when
dialog: we get to Miami you're going to be
dialog: arrested.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (reflexively)
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (saluting)
dialog: YESSIR -- you asshole.
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI AIRPORT - SAME NIGHT
text: PLANE taxiing up. TWO POLICE CARS, red lights revolving, are
dialog: waiting.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE - SAME NIGHT
text: PILOT escorting FOUR FBI AGENTS aboard.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: As captain of this ship I'm placing
dialog: all four of you under arrest. The
dialog: FBI will...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: For what! What'd we do!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Read me my rights, motherfuckers...
dialog: motherfuckin bulls!
text: JIM stunned in his drunkenness. SIDDONS and ROTHCHILD
text: protesting AD LIBS.
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI AUDITORIUM - THAT NIGHT
text: The CROWD is heckling a long-haired HIPPIE in a leather hat
text: who cradles a live, snow-white LAMB telling him to "GET OFF",
text: screaming AD LIB for the "DOORS, DOORS, DOORS!! JIM JIM JIM!!"
speaker_heading: HIPPIE
dialog: Look at this thing! Look at this
dialog: beautiful little living thing!! How
dialog: can you eat it!! How can you eat its
dialog: flesh???
text: CATCALLS. Angry fists pound the edge of the proscenium. Bodies
text: push and pack against each other. If Hieronymus Bosch had
dialog: painted a rock concert, this would be it.
speaker_heading: HIPPIE
text: LOVE ANIMALS, DON'T EAT THEM!!!!
dialog: (Boos!!)
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - THAT NIGHT
text: Excitement. EVERYBODY moving fast...
text: ...as JIM, dark sunglasses and beard, surrounded by TWO FBI
text: AGENTS and his BODYGUARDS move toward the stage, two hours
text: late. SIDDONS with him arguing AD LIB with RAY and the
text: PROMOTER, a southern sleazeball with long muttonchops and
text: velvet shirt and beads. A mess -- the CROWD chanting DOORS!
text: DOORS! DOORS! DOORS!
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: (screaming at promoter)
dialog: What the FUCK happened to the SEATS!!
dialog: (grabs him)
dialog: What's the FUCKING IDEA man! THERE'S
dialog: NO SEATS!
speaker_heading: PROMOTER
dialog: I took 'em out! What's wrong with
dialog: that! We stuffed an extra five thou
dialog: in there.
dialog: (pissed at Jim)
dialog: Where the fuck you been!
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: That wasn't THE FUCKING IDEA MAN!!
dialog: We're gonna sue you!... We're pulling
dialog: the plug.
speaker_heading: PROMOTER
dialog: So sue me! You're playing or you
dialog: ain't leaving here with your equipment
dialog: sonny!
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: (to Ray)
dialog: We're not playing.
text: Meanwhile, JOHN arguing with RAY and JIM who sways, drunk.
text: The FBI agents get lost in the background.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm not going out there man!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: JOHN, C'MON!!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look at him! I'm not going out there
dialog: 'till I get some sorta guarantee
dialog: he's gonna stay in line. I've had it
dialog: with this shit.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Whatsa matter, scared Johnny boy?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (going physically for
dialog: Jim)
dialog: YOU'RE A FUCKIN ASSHOLE MAN!!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: JOHN!! STOP IT!! COME ON!!
text: Jim laughing, throws his arm around ROBBIE for support, ROBBIE
text: patient with him. John yelling as they approach the curtains
text: and the lights and the first monster realization of the
text: THOUSAND MOUTHS waiting in the pit of hell.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're pushing death Morrison.
dialog: Everybody thinks we're drug addicts
dialog: cause of you Morrison.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We the Beatles yet?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (held by Ray)
dialog: We took drugs to EXPAND MINDS ASSHOLE,
dialog: not ESCAPE. I'M NOT GOING OUT THERE
dialog: WITH YOU.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey John y'ever eaten human flesh?
dialog: When we get to New York, I know this
dialog: chick...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (taking John aside)
dialog: Come on man.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm not going out there!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: We'll talk tomorrow, we'll settle
dialog: it. Just do it tonight man and...
text: As JIM brings up a tiny vial with a lubricating head on it,
text: holds it to Robbie's lips playfully. They're in the shadows.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...just a touch Robbie, it's the
dialog: funkiest stuff, you'll play like an
dialog: orgasm tonight...
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: No man come on, I don't want any.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...just a little lick, come on trust
dialog: me... for old times, the four of us,
dialog: let's get together one more time,...
dialog: the Doors man... Please. For me.
text: Something so sincere in Jim's eyes. Robbie takes the fatal
text: lick. Jim smiles manically as the NUREMBERG SOUNDS of the
text: CROWD drown them out.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You said you love pain man, but you
dialog: run from it every chance you get.
scene_heading: INT. STAGE - SAME NIGHT
text: The DOORS come out finally. The noise is overwhelming. Acid,
text: light, noise. Wagnerian Gods, Hitler...
text: JIM spreading his arms like Icarus set to fly. The ROARS
text: redouble, their FEET stomping out:
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: (insane)
scene_heading: DOORS DOORS DOORS DOORS...
text: Joints are thrown by the dozen on the stage at Jim's feet.
text: He is a god now as he bends regally, picks one up.
text: COPS everywhere looking as...
text: He lights it. The CROWD going nuts as the DOORS go into the
text: ominous introductory strains of FIVE TO ONE trying to get
text: the onus off Jim and the show on the road. The Audience knows
text: the song, go into a primal FOOT STOMP with it. Bras are thrown
text: on stage. Kids writhe madly in the primal Doors dance.
text: People with SPARKLERS running through the hangar. CAMERA
text: FLASHBULBS popping throughout the show... get Jim on film
dialog: while you can.
text: Jim, drunk, high, smoking the jay, won't go into the lyrics
text: right off, forcing the Doors to circle the beat again. He
text: jerks his hand back from the mike as if it were a hot wire.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ARE YOU READY!!!!
dialog: (beat)
text: ARE YOU REAAAAAAADYYYYYYYYY!!
text: The Crowd explodes once more. As a COP heads upstage to get
text: Jim for the joint -- he cooly flicks it back into the crowd,
text: avoiding disaster. Perfect timing as the Cop looks around,
text: suddenly distracted by:
text: The Crowd yelling something. An INSANE TEENAGER stands on
text: the railing of a balcony above the auditorium, poised to
text: swan dive some 18 feet into the crowd. Which he now does,
text: arms held out like wings.
text: The Crowd yells, parting to allow his bulk to smack the floor.
text: Pause. Cops rushing to the spot. The KID suddenly stands up,
text: unhurt, with a stoned out look on his face.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: Wow!
text: Then splits at a full run thru the crowd chased by the
text: perplexed Cops. Everybody surging back towards the stage as
text: JIM looses one of his primal SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: YAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWW... Love my
dialog: girl!
dialog: (song)
dialog: Five to one
dialog: One in five
dialog: No one here gets out alive
dialog: You gets your baby
dialog: I'll get mine
dialog: Gonna make it, baby
dialog: If we try
text: He slobbers, drunk, slouches, stumbles, regains his balance.
text: The Crowd loves it, but Ray senses something wrong. Robbie
text: starts to feel the effects of the acid Jim gave him -- his
text: eyes registering fear.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: The old get old
dialog: The young get stronger
dialog: May take a week
dialog: And it may take longer
dialog: They got the guns
dialog: But we got the numbers
dialog: Gonna win yeah -- WE'RE TAKING OVER!!
text: During the instrumental break, Jim picks up one of the roses
text: from the floor, pokes it at John on the drums, who whacks it
text: to death on his skins. Jim starts to whirl the mike cord
text: like a slingshot or bolo, in an ever-widening arc...
text: ...it flies off and smashes into the head of the PROMOTER at
text: the edge of the stage arguing with SIDDONS. The man is
text: staggered, weaving, Siddons helping him to a FIRST AID TEAM.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: YAAAAAAOOOOOOWWWWWWW!!!
text: The crazy VEGETERIAN HIPPIE runs out on stage to give Jim
text: the white lamb to make this political point. Jim holds the
text: lamb in his arms. It's purring, gentle. DOG chases the HIPPIE
text: off as he gives the microphone back to Jim and takes the
text: lamb from him... he staggers over to ROBBIE and goes down to
text: his knees, pretending to give him head on his frantic stoned
text: guitar solo.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Your ballroom days are over baby
text: Night is drawing near
dialog: Shadows of the evening
dialog: Crawl across the years
dialog: You walk across the floor
dialog: With a flower in your hand
dialog: Tryin to tell me no one understands
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS flashing cameras. BAKER urging him on from the
text: wings as he passes out. A GIRL runs onto the stage, dumps a
text: bottle of champagne on Jim's head. Jim takes his shirt off,
text: soaking wet. The CROWD is also stripping in the heat, shirts,
text: blouses, screaming so much now they are obviously way past
dialog: listening to any song. It has become a view of the future --
text: the NAKED GIRL and BOY dancing stark naked drugged out in
text: the middle of it all, the FAT GIRL prowling naked on the
text: edge of the stage before she's arrested, the FIGHTS in the
text: Crowd, fists, blood, a black man chased and beaten, the sense
dialog: of Altamont here, the hippie flower trip gone to shit --
dialog: it's all come down here tonight, the end of an era.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Trade in your hours for a handful of
dialog: dimes
dialog: Gonna make it baby -- in our prime
dialog: Get together one more time
dialog: Get together
text: He stops singing suddenly, squinting out into the madness.
text: The arena echoes with the uncomprehending chant of the Mob...
speaker_heading: MOB
dialog: ...one more time
dialog: Get together one more time
dialog: Get together one more time
text: SPECIAL EFFECT -- the INDIAN GHOST is leaving Jim's body --
text: spectrally moving off him, hovering there in the air, its
text: eyes -- the face of a dying Indian on an Arizona highway --
text: then gone. A moment, only three, four beats. An optical
dialog: illusion? Maybe. Or is it saying, 'now you are just a white
text: man'... maybe not. As it drifts off in a cloud, into the
text: vast audience's EYEBALL.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: YOU'RE ALL A BUNCHA FUCKIN SLAVES!!!
text: The instruments continue to vamp but there's a hush to the
speaker_heading: CROWD.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Lettin people tell you what you're
dialog: gonna do! Lettin people push you
dialog: around! How long you think it's gonna
dialog: last! How long you gonna let them
dialog: push you around!!
text: He waits. INTERCUTS of the FACES in the crowd.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (ignoring Jim)
dialog: "Light My Fire"! Play "Light My
dialog: Fire"!! Come on Jim...
dialog: (some boos sprinkled
dialog: in)
dialog: Take your clothes off man! Get wild!
dialog: Fuck me baby. Fuck me girl, suck my
dialog: cock honey around the world! Mexican
dialog: whore suck my prick! Keeper of the
dialog: royal sperm man! CELEBRATE THE LIZARD
text: MAN, DRAIN IT MOTHERFUCKER!!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: C'MON GET IT ALL OUT! ALL THE LITTLE
dialog: HATREDS, Everything inside you...
dialog: LET ME HAVE IT!
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: FUCK YOU!
speaker_heading: JIM
text: THAT'S THE ONE LITTLE WORD I WANTED
text: TO HEAR! THAT'S THE VERY LITTLE WORD!
text: THE WHOLE WORLD HATES ME! THE WHOLE
dialog: FUCKING WORLD HATES ME!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (girl)
scene_heading: SAVE US... SAVE US, JIM... JIM!
dialog: EEEE... I TOUCHED HIM.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Maybe you love it, maybe you love
dialog: gettin your faces pressed into the
dialog: shit of the world! You'd all eat
dialog: shit wouldn't ya!! Adolph Hitler is
dialog: ALIVE AND WELL HERE IN MIAMI!! YOU'RE
dialog: ALL A BUNCHA SLAVES!!
text: The Crowd BOOS back at him, surging suddenly with hatred for
dialog: Jim. Intercut the Crowd -- feel this hatred.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: WHAT ARE YA GONNA DO ABOUT IT! WHAT
dialog: ARE YA GONNA DO ABOUT IT! WHAT ARE
dialog: YA GONNA DO ABOUT IT!
text: The Band has petered out by this point but out of nowhere,
text: ROBBIE, zonked on his version of LSD, starts up with "TOUCH
dialog: ME BABE."
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: (going with it)
dialog: Come on, come on, come on and FUCK
dialog: me babe! Can't you see that I am not
dialog: afraid
dialog: (cuts the music)
text: HEY WAIT A MINUTE...
dialog: (music cuts off
dialog: raggedly)
dialog: Miami Beach Florida hunh? I was BORN
dialog: and RAISED not far from here... went
dialog: to Florida State...
dialog: (cheers)
dialog: Then I GOT SMART. I went to California
dialog: where you can let your hair grow
text: long and walk down the street without
dialog: people calling you a FREAK... They're
text: trying to CHANGE THE WORLD out there
dialog: in California.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Yeah, STOP THE WAR MAN, PEACEEE...
scene_heading: WE LOVE YA JIM.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: NO I'm not talkin' 'bout NO
dialog: REVOLUTION. I'm not talkin 'bout no
dialog: DEMONSTRATION. I'm talking 'bout
dialog: HAVING SOME FUN. I'm talkin' 'bout
dialog: DANCIN. I'm talkin 'bout LOVE. I'm
dialog: talkin' 'bout some LOVE. LOVE LOVE
dialog: LOVE LOVE... LOVE!!!! Grab your friend --
dialog: and LOVE him. Come oooooaaaannnnn.
dialog: Yeah!
text: Jim pulling his shirt off -- barechested -- waving it like a
text: toreador in front of his leather crotch.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (cheers, giggles)
dialog: "Light My Fire"! Come on Jim -- play
dialog: "Light My Fire"!
text: The audience seems to be paying no attention to what he is
text: doing or saying, which drives him to deeper rage.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Ain't nobody gonna love my ass? Come
dialog: on... I need ya. There's so many of
dialog: ya out there and nobody's gonna love
dialog: me! C'mon -- what'cha come here for
dialog: anyway? You didn't come here for
dialog: music. You didn't come here to see a
dialog: good band. You came here for THIS
dialog: didn't ya...
text: He saunters to the edge of the stage. Hisses at them. He
text: clasps his crotch, leering at a cute LITTLE GIRL in the front
text: row, shaking it at her. Her BOYFRIEND, pissed at Jim, runs
text: for the stage. Jim unzips his leathers.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm lonely out here -- Ya wanna SEE
dialog: IT... COME ON SWEETHEART... I need
dialog: it, I NEED IT, need ya, need ya,
scene_heading: NEED YA, COME OOOOOAAAANNNNNNN...
text: Chaos, confusion now erupt in the crowd! The BOYFRIEND is
text: running at JIM as the BODYGUARDS throw him back into the
text: crowd. Jim flicking his shirt over his crotch, back and forth
text: like a drunken matador. The Doors look at each other, don't
dialog: know what's going to happen.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Didja see it! You wanna see it
dialog: AGAIN???
text: The crowd roars its approval. Confusion reigns. Drunken
text: CATCALLS. Things, bras, cans thrown at the stage.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: Take it off! Take it all off!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What if I pull it out fer ya!! And
dialog: SHAKE IT AROUND!!! Will that do it
dialog: for you! Would ya, would ya, would
dialog: ya!! Now watch -- I'm gonna show it
dialog: to ya!
text: He feigns opening his belt and exposing himself, flipping
text: his shirt back and forth over the crotch in a mock striptease.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There it was! Ya see it? Ya see it?...
dialog: Ya wanna see it again?
text: A flock of TEENAGE GIRLS are sure they've seen it, hysterical.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: I saw it!... Yes, yes! Jim! Jim!
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL 2
dialog: Where? I didn't see it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (roaring out his
dialog: commands)
dialog: COME ON UP HERE AND LOVE MY ASS! I
dialog: WANNA SEE SOME ACTION OUT THERE! I
dialog: WANNA SEE SOME ACTION OUT THERE! I
dialog: WANNA SEE SOME ACTION OUT THERE! I
dialog: WANNA SEE SOME ACTION OUT THERE! I
dialog: WANT YOU TO LOVE MY ASS! I WANT SOME
scene_heading: LOVE... LOVE... LOVE... LOVE C'MON,
dialog: C'MON... NO LIMITS, NO LAWS YOU WANNA
dialog: FUCK? COME ON! COME ON UP HERE!!!!!
text: He looks like he's really gonna tear it all off now. A flash
text: of boxer shorts. RAY moving. SIDDONS moving. DOG getting to
text: him first, wrapping him in a bearhug from behind, lifting
text: him holding his pants up.
scene_heading: VINCE THE ROADIE
dialog: DON'T DO IT MAN. DON'T DO IT!
speaker_heading: RAY
speaker_heading: HEY JIM.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: C'MON! C'MON! NO LIMITS, NO LAWS! NO
text: LIMITS, NO LAWS! NO LIMITS, NO LAWS!
text: The place is in PANDEMONIUM now. GIRLS jumping on stage and
text: dancing with Jim still in Vince the Roadie's bearhug. Another
text: RIOT... COPS fighting the TEENAGERS off the stage, now
text: wobbling under the weight.
speaker_heading: PROMOTER
dialog: (pissed, head bandaged)
dialog: GET OFF THE FUCKING STAGE! GET OFF
dialog: THE FUCKING STAGE!!
dialog: (stiffarms Jim off
dialog: the stage)
text: RAY starts playing BREAK ON THROUGH trying to keep things
dialog: normal.
text: JIM now out there in the arena in a CONGA LINE, doing his
text: rain dance, hands on hips, the TEENAGERS forming a long snake
text: behind him.
text: The huge speaker columns teeter and fall. A corner of the
text: STAGE now COLLAPSES from the weight, PEOPLE spilling on the
text: floor, screams. The power console tips over next to DENSMORE.
text: He bails. Manzarek and Krieger follow.
text: The PROMOTER is yelling at SIDDONS about his insurance
text: contract as the COPS and FBI AGENTS close in, looking for
dialog: Jim.
speaker_heading: COPS
dialog: Where's the guy with the penis!
text: Who is out there leading his naked drunken FLOCK, hundreds
text: of them in a phallic Pied Piper dance thru the darkened
text: seaplane hanger. From BREAK ON THROUGH PART TWO:
speaker_heading: JIM ET AL &amp; DOORS
dialog: You know the day destroys the night
dialog: Night divides the day
dialog: Try to run, try to hide
text: BREAK ON THROUGH TO THE OTHER SIDE
text: BREAK ON THROUGH TO THE OTHER SIDE
text: BREAK ON THROUGH TO THE OTHER SIDE
dialog: Dead cats! Dead rats! Did you see
text: what they were at Dead cat in a top
text: hat! Sucking on a young man's blood
text: Fat cat in a top hat
dialog: Thinks he's an aristocrat
dialog: Thinks he can kill and slaughter
dialog: Thinks he can shoot my daughter
dialog: Dead cats! Dead rats! Think you're
dialog: an aristocrat Crap, that's crap
text: Ray watching from the corner of the stage, littered with
dialog: bras, bottles, shirts, shoes, socks, panties, hats, broken
text: equipment, debris -- the end of the dream. The Doors as a
text: live band are dead.
scene_heading: DISSOLVING TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY (1970)
text: The "Charges" are being read by the JUDGE, distant, not of
text: this world. The court is lit in southern gothic daylight,
text: ghostly chiaroscuro, all colors bled. Camera moving along
text: the sweaty white faces of the six older JURORS, all of them
text: straight "silent majority"... past the PROSECUTOR, his shadow
text: cutting the jury box... onto JIM bearded, smoking 2 packs a
text: day, a deep racking cough, sitting with his elder ATTORNEY...
text: RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, PAMELA, OTHERS in support are there in
text: background. The trial is going down like a morphine dream,
text: Jim featured in diopter close-up.
speaker_heading: JUDGE VOICE
dialog: ...you are charged under four counts
dialog: with lewd behavior, simulated
dialog: masturbation, public drunkenness,
dialog: profanity, and public exposure.
text: A blues riff goes by -- brief, ghostly from RUNNING BLUE.
speaker_heading: JIM SONG
dialog: Poor Otis dead and gone
dialog: Left me here to sing his song
text: Pretty little girl with the red dress on
dialog: Poor Otis dead and gone
speaker_heading: JIM (V.O.)
dialog: I can't believe this is happening
dialog: I can't believe all these people are
text: sniffing each other &amp; backing away,
text: teeth grinning, hair raised, growling,
dialog: here in the slaughtered wind
dialog: This is it
dialog: No more fun the death of all joy has
dialog: come
text: The PRESS SECTION is full as Jim's older LAWYER argues in
text: front of the JURY, a distant voice.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Your Honor, I would like to bring to
dialog: the Court's attention the contemporary
dialog: Broadway musical "Hair" in which
text: cast members disrobe and appear naked
text: on the stage.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (pounds his gavel)
text: Inadmissable evidence.
speaker_heading: JIM VOICE OVER
dialog: I had a vision of America
text: Seen from the air 28,000 ft. &amp; going
dialog: fast
text: A one-armed man in a Texas parking
dialog: labyrinth
text: A burnt tree like a giant primeval
text: bird in an empty lot in Fresno
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSITION:
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Your Honor... any difference from
dialog: the Miami nightclubs where comedians
dialog: frequently incorporate profanity
dialog: into their acts
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (gavel)
text: Inadmissable evidence.
speaker_heading: JIM VOICE OVER
dialog: Miles &amp; miles of hotel corridors &amp;
text: elevators, filled with citizens
dialog: Motel
dialog: Money
dialog: Murder, Madness
dialog: Change the mood from glad to sadness
dialog: Play the ghost song baby
text: The backbeat of WHEN THE MUSIC'S OVER starts, into its
text: spiralling descent.
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSITION:
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: (distant)
dialog: ...there has not been one shred of
dialog: evidence: 300 photographs and not
dialog: one shows a thing; not reliable
text: testimony, nothing but hysterical
dialog: heresay
text: The PRESS is bored, their numbers reduced. The spectators
dialog: have changed from kids to OLDER PEOPLE intent on preserving
text: their way of life. A TAPE is playing of Jim's devil voice at
dialog: the concert, cursing: "Come on up here. No limits! No laws",
dialog: etc... (screams, obscenity)
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
speaker_heading: (SONG)
dialog: When the music's over (3)
dialog: Turn out the lights (3)
dialog: For the music is your special friend
dialog: Dance on fire as it intends
dialog: Music is your only friend
dialog: Until the end (2)
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSITION TO:
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: ...this is a major First Amendment
dialog: violation by the Police and
dialog: Politicians of Miami. Every witness
dialog: they've brought has admitted under
dialog: oath to not actually seeing the
dialog: client's genitals -- except one who...
text: The PRESS section is now down to about THREE bored FACES,
text: one of them PATRICIA KENNEALY who looks pregnant.
text: JIM smiles at her.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Cancel my subscription to the Resurrection
dialog: Send my credentials to the house of detention
dialog: I got some friends inside
scene_heading: EXT. ORANGE BOWL - MIAMI - DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE (DAY)
text: ANITA BRYANT &amp; JACKIE GLEASON at the NATIONAL DECENCY RALLY.
text: A large CROWD in the vicinity of 100,000. NIXON addressing
dialog: them.
scene_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS SONG
speaker_heading: (OVER)
text: The face in the mirror won't stop
text: The girl in the window won't stop
text: A feast of friends alive she cried
dialog: Waiting for me
dialog: Outside!
scene_heading: MONTAGE -- NEWSPAPER HEADLINES SPIN OUT:
scene_heading: JIMMI HENDRIX OVERDOSES IN LONDON.
scene_heading: JANIS JOPLIN OVERDOSES IN LOS ANGELES.
text: A ROLLING STONE WANTED POSTER ON JIM -- "In the County of
dialog: Dade/Dead -- Did He Or Didn't He?".
scene_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS SONG
speaker_heading: (OVER)
dialog: Before I sink into the big sleep
dialog: I want to hear
dialog: The scream of the butterfly
dialog: Come back baby
dialog: Back into my arms
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - MIAMI BEACH - DAY
text: The MUSIC continuing into a long backbeat without lyrics --
text: emphasizing the downward spiralling theme...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...Well, you gonna get rid of it?
dialog: Fucked up people y'know, crazies,
dialog: unwanted Indians just throw it in
dialog: the river.
text: Pause. PATRICIA -- four and a half months pregnant, stares.
text: A glary window onto a balcony overlooking the sea with Florida
text: palms and a strip of beach. A room in a highrise hotel. Jim's
text: mess is everywhere.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: I can't fucking believe you just
dialog: said that!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Patricia, wouldn't it be better to
dialog: have a kid with someone who wanted
dialog: to be its father?
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: It'd be a fucking genius, that's
dialog: what it'd be! You and me. The child
dialog: would be a god, goddess!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It'd be a monster.
text: A look. She's stunned, ugly wrath gathering. He tries to
dialog: soothe her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I got this trial dragging on me,
dialog: Patricia. I couldn't support the kid --
dialog: I can't afford it and I don't want
dialog: the responsibility right now.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: You're a COWARD!! A LITTLE BOY!! The
dialog: only way you can't afford it is
dialog: emotionally. You forgot your vows
dialog: man. They were forever in the goddess'
dialog: sight. Death doesn't part, only love
dialog: Jim!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on Patricia, I was stoned... it
dialog: seemed like the fun thing at the
dialog: time.
text: She pulls a dagger with a skull's head on it, goes for him.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: I'm gonna cut your balls off Morrison!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (that smile)
dialog: You want 'em?
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: (beat)
dialog: FUCK YOU. I'm gonna have the kid.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Then it'll be your kid. If you want
dialog: the abortion I'll pay for it and
dialog: I'll come up to New York to be with
dialog: you when you have it.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: No you won't.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes I will.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Bullshit Morrison
dialog: (release him, stalks)
dialog: You know who you are...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: NO. What difference does it make.
dialog: You know, you never pretended. I
dialog: did. I don't even like kids
dialog: particularly,
dialog: (laughs to herself)
dialog: but I don't want the other thing
dialog: either. I guess what I really want
dialog: is to throw myself off this fucking
dialog: balcony
dialog: (Hurls the knife out
dialog: off the balcony)
dialog: Well now that you've fucked the
dialog: future, Morrison, have you fucked
dialog: everything?...
dialog: (cruelly)
dialog: Have you looked at yourself in the
dialog: mirror. Your stomach...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (hurt, near tears)
dialog: Please don't say those things to me,
dialog: Patricia.
text: She suddenly grasps him, clutching, hunger, lust.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Fuck me one last time, you worthless
dialog: piece of shit.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: ...the scream of the butterfly
dialog: Come back baby
dialog: Back into my arms
text: On Jim's face.
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI COURTROOM - DAY
text: TWO HUNDRED PERSONS are gathered on the lawn outside, banners
text: decrying the Doors. A MIDDLE AGED SPEAKER, clean cut, squarely
text: dressed, expresses his outrage.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: (bullhorn)
dialog: ...endorsed by President Richard
dialog: Nixon!
dialog: (cheers)
dialog: The immoral conduct of degenerates
dialog: such as Jim Morrison is an
dialog: unacceptable insult to this country
dialog: and the principles for which it
dialog: stands...
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
speaker_heading: (OVER)
dialog: We're getting tired of hanging around
text: Waiting around with our heads to the ground
dialog: I hear the gentle sound
dialog: Very near yet very far
dialog: Very soft, yeah, very clear
dialog: Come today, come today
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well uh, it's designed to wear you
dialog: down y'know... when that rap sheet
dialog: says the "United States of America
dialog: versus You" it takes you down day by
dialog: day, specially when no one really
dialog: gives a shit about, y'know, the First
dialog: Amendment that's on trial here...
dialog: Nobody says anything about that,
dialog: it's just uh did you take your pants
dialog: off y'know, I mean that's not what
dialog: it's about, it's about freedom, that's
dialog: what it's about... but who cares,
dialog: right? Freedom exists in a schoolbook.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: (disinterested)
dialog: ...but the promoters are cancelling
dialog: your shows, will this affect the way
dialog: you play?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, I can only open doors, M'am. I
dialog: can't drag people thru 'em. I'm no
dialog: savior.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: But you've called yourself a shaman?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (beat, pained)
dialog: Did I? Well, I'll tell ya, my words
dialog: stand a far better chance of being
dialog: around a hundred years from now than
dialog: my waistline.
text: As he goes into the courtroom, a dolled up REPORTER 1, the
text: local anchor-lady turns to her camera.
speaker_heading: ANCHORLADY
dialog: The question that will be answered
dialog: today: Did Jim Morrison or did he
dialog: not take off his pants last March?
dialog: This is...
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - THAT DAY
text: The judge passing sentence, distant, hazy under song. Darkened
text: shadows across the floor, silhouettes... the world bleak and
dialog: white...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: James Douglas Morrison, I hereby
dialog: sentence you to sixty days of hard
dialog: labor in the Dade County Jail and
dialog: for public exposure I am sentencing
dialog: you to six months of the same, after
dialog: which you are to serve two years and
dialog: four months of probationary time.
dialog: [...]
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: I booked you round trip to New York
dialog: for Thursday, Pamela's called six
dialog: times, Patricia, Kathy, Judy, Gayle
dialog: is pregnant, she says but... you
dialog: gotta get straight, honey, go to
dialog: sleep, get a massage, go to the
dialog: dentist, get a haircut honey, you
dialog: gotta cool out...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Probably a bath too...
speaker_heading: OFFICE BOY
dialog: (reading a rock
dialog: magazine)
dialog: Jesus Jim, this guy really despises
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ...didn't invite us to Woodstock.
dialog: Twenty other groups but not...
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
dialog: What's heavy is the radio stations
dialog: pulling us from their playlists. The
dialog: big cities -- Philly, Cinci, Chicago,
dialog: Detroit -- it's insane! Record sales
dialog: suck!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (with irony, reading
dialog: something)
dialog: "The band you love to hate".
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: (2nd Lawyer if
dialog: necessary)
dialog: We can drag this appeal out for years,
dialog: we can keep you out of jail.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (drinking)
dialog: You're drinking with number three.
speaker_heading: SIDDONS
text: Max firmly believes the FBI's behind
dialog: it. We're subpoenaing their records --
dialog: they had memos on you in Phoenix and
dialog: they got you extradicted to Miami
dialog: illegally without a felony...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: A new image -- Jim Morrison as
dialog: "Renaissance Man" -- We bring you
text: back slow, quiet, the beard, elder
dialog: of the tribe.
speaker_heading: OFFICE BOY
dialog: (reading from review)
dialog: ...like Lennon said "you either grow
dialog: with the music or it grows without
dialog: you."
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Hey, it was fun.
text: All the voices merging into one:
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: First Hendrix now Janis Robbie flew
dialog: to Hawaii legalities pending
dialog: dispositions book in Toronto interview
dialog: with PBS renew your diverse license
dialog: psychic predictions nine paternity
dialog: suits fifty thousand dollar bond
dialog: recoup our losses Pamela's shopping
dialog: spree with your credit card Morrison
dialog: Hotel some-body from film school
text: mountain of coke in the broom closet
dialog: Jac Holzman eight thirty in the
dialog: morning remix perform schedule Paul
dialog: Rothchild taxes Texas teenyboppers
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Jim, during this, picking up the TV remote, flicking on the
text: images. The VOICES blending with TV VOICES as he swithes the
text: channels. The camera moving in on Jim, the VOICES fading.
text: All we see is Jim. All we hear and see is the TV:
speaker_heading: TELEVISION
dialog: Chicago Seven in it's tenth day...
text: Bobby Seale gagged and chained...
dialog: (click)
dialog: L.A. shootout with Black Panthers...
dialog: (click)
dialog: Charles Manson indicted for murder
dialog: of actress Sharon Tate...
dialog: (click)
dialog: U. S. ground troops in Laos and
dialog: Cambodia...
dialog: (click)
dialog: Indians still occupying Alcatraz
dialog: Island...
dialog: (click)
dialog: For the My Lai massacre testified
dialog: 120 villagers shot by American
text: soldiers in a trench...
text: The SONG climaxes into an inner scream of madness.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
speaker_heading: (CONCLUDE)
dialog: For the music is your special friend
dialog: Dance on fire as it intends
dialog: Music is your only friend
dialog: Until the end (3)
speaker_heading: (SCREAM!)
dialog: Silence on Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: I think I'm having a nervous
dialog: breakdown.
text: The sound of wind, the backbeat of LA WOMAN flooding in.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU MARMONT HOTEL - LOS ANGELES - NIGHT
text: JIM dangles out on the narrow ledge that circumscribes the
text: 20th floor rooftop -- wind blowing thru his wild hair, the
text: card zooming by like racer lights on Sunset below. The song
text: LA WOMAN continues born from this renewed feeling of danger.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Well I just got into town 'bout an hour ago
dialog: Took a look around, see which way the wind blow
text: Where the little girls in their Hollywood bungalows
text: PAM screaming for him to come back from the edge as TOM BAKER
text: and MIKE and DOG and a CAMERAMAN film in 16mm.
speaker_heading: PAM
text: JIM! PLEASE GODDAMIT!! COME BACK IN
dialog: PLEASE!!
text: JIM yelling back, as he drinks from a pint of whiskey,
text: enjoying himself enormously.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Whatcha worried about? I like it out
dialog: here.
text: He feigns a fall.
speaker_heading: PAM
speaker_heading: NOOOOOO!!
text: RAY and SIDDONS arrive, terrified, looking for him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (laughing at Pam)
dialog: Life on the edge baby. Come get me
dialog: if you love me baby.
speaker_heading: PAM
scene_heading: PLEASE GODDAMIT JIM MORRISON I'M NOT
dialog: GONNA KILL MYSELF FOR YOU. GET IN
speaker_heading: HERE.
text: Jim cracking up with laughter. BAKER, drunk and the FILM
text: CREW love it, swishpanning with a cheap sungun.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (dancing)
dialog: We got it man! Keep going. Great get
text: a two shot.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: GO ON GET OUT THERE PAM.
text: Pam is sufficiently cracked on her own set of drugs to start
text: climbing out onto the ledge, skirts blowing in the wind.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: JIM MORRISON GODDAMIT I LOVE YOU I
dialog: WANT YOU I NEED YOU.
text: Jim moving further along the ledge.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (raw)
text: YOUR WHOLE LIFE'S BULLSHIT! YOU LOVE
dialog: ME THEN COME AND GET ME.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
speaker_heading: (OVER)
speaker_heading: LA Woman (X2)
speaker_heading: LA Woman Sunday afternoon (X3)
dialog: Drive thru your suburbs
dialog: Into your blues (X2)
dialog: Into your blue-blue
dialog: Blues
dialog: Into your blues
text: Siddons and Ray terrified. Is this the night it's finally
text: going to end in a suicide plunge? Ray trying to stop Pam,
dialog: too late.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Pam!! Oh shit... get the ambulances
dialog: man...
text: Pam's moving shakily along the ledge, cracked on downers.
text: Jim watching her come, amazed at her risk.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (yelling down)
text: JIM! HELP HER. She's gonna fall.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Jump!
text: He watches, does nothing.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on baby, come on.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (trying another tack)
dialog: Jim we gotta finish "LA Woman".
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don't have an ending Ray.
text: Reaches his hand out. She is closer. But shaky.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (white)
dialog: They're both gonna die... ARE YOU
dialog: HAPPY YOU COCKSUCKERS!!
text: Ray goes after Tom Baker and the Film Crew. A scuffle.
text: Yelling, shouting, but down below in the intimacy of the
text: ledge, blowing out on the edge, the wind and the world and
text: death. Two crazy children linked on this gothic balcony of
text: the Chateau reach their hands out for each other.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on baby, come on
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (quoting him)
dialog: "...but one, the most beautiful one
text: of all -- dances in a ring of fire --
dialog: "
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (raw singing)
dialog: "I see your hair is burning. If they
dialog: say I never loved you, you know they
dialog: are a liar!"
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: "...and throws off the challenge
dialog: with a shrug"
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: All the poetry has wolves in it Pam!!!
text: She has never been so concentrated, inching closer to him.
text: Her heels overhanging oblivion.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I don't wanna die with you Jim
dialog: Morrison, I don't wanna die!
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Never saw a woman
dialog: So alone (X2)
dialog: So alone -- lone lone
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: C'mon Pam, this is it! We'll do it
dialog: right here! Right now! You and me!
text: Ray, Tom, Siddons, Mike, Dog, they all watch in horror,
text: sensing it will happen. They have even stopped filming.
dialog: Inches... inches.
text: He dodges her touch, confused... to the last possible second.
text: Then SHE'S THERE -- in his arms. Her arms latch around him
text: and she hugs him with all her wiry soul.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jim -- let's go, let's leave this
dialog: town! You and me! Never come back.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (demonic)
dialog: We can. Right now. Just one more
dialog: step...
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: No Jim. I want to LIVE with you. I
dialog: want to LIVE with you.
text: The two lovers huddled together on the ledge. He slips his
text: head down on her lap, looking up into her eyes with the
text: strangest tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (a poem)
dialog: There was preserved in her the fresh
dialog: miracle of surprise... clothed in
dialog: sunlight restless in wanting dying
dialog: of fever married to doubt how it has
dialog: changed you how slowly estranged you
dialog: solely arranged you beg for your
dialog: mercy -- OR -- ...but all will pass
dialog: lie down in green grass and smile
text: and muse and gaze upon her smooth
dialog: resemblance to the mating-Queen who
text: it seems is in love with the horseman
dialog: Tomorrow we enter the tomb of my
dialog: birth I want to be ready.
text: On her face -- moved. Pause. LA WOMAN floods in on his smile,
text: an upbeat surge.
text: Upstairs, the ONLOOKERS relax. HOTEL MANAGEMENT and COPS are
text: now rushing up in background.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Mr. Mojo Rising
dialog: Mr. Mojo Risin' (X2)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOORS OFFICE - SANTA MONICA BL. - L.A. - DAY (1970)
text: There's music rocking from the inside. Cables and baffles
text: run from the second story down to the rehearsal room on the
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Keep on risin'
dialog: Got to keep on risin'
speaker_heading: Risin' Risin' (X8)
scene_heading: INT. DOORS OFFICE - DAY
text: The SECRETARIES and STAFF dance to the SOUND rocking thru
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Well I just got into town about an hour ago
dialog: Took a look around, see which way the wind blow
text: Camera moving thru the offices, past the OFFICE BOY, past
text: SIDDONS, past the PUBLICIST, etc -- a farewell to the band.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - RECORDING STUDIO - DAY
text: We see RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, BOTNICK, a BASS and 2nd RHYTHM
dialog: GUITARIST, WIVES, GIRLFRIENDS but no Jim. They're really
text: driving, the music soars. PAMELA'S hair shaking as she swings
text: to the beat.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
text: With a little girl in a Hollywood
dialog: bungalow
dialog: Are you a lucky lady in the City of
dialog: Light?
dialog: Or just another lost angel -- City
dialog: of Night?
scene_heading: INT. TOILET - RECORDING STUDIO - SAME DAY
text: Wires run into a tiny toilet revealing JIM with headphones
text: to his ears barking into a dangling mike, one leg propped on
text: a toilet seat, in a groove. A new, strange, unparalleled
text: beauty in his voice, hoarser but wiser, haunted by experience
text: yet joyful as youth, Jim is ironically, at his best.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
speaker_heading: LA Woman (X2)
speaker_heading: LA Woman / Sunday Afternoon (X3)
dialog: Drive thru your suburbs
dialog: Into your blues (X2)
dialog: Into your blue-blue blues
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES FREEWAY - DAY
text: MONTAGE: Moving, moving, moving -- all the POVS from fast-
text: moving CARS travelling with the pace of L.A. Song of freedom,
text: of escape -- the STRIP, the cars, the freeway, the
text: BILLBOARDS... farewell L.A.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Camera creeping towards ANNE O'RIORDAN as she waits, alone
text: on a white table for the doctor to arrive. Jim never showed
dialog: up after all. But on we go.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: I see your hair is burning
text: Hills are filled with fire
dialog: If they say I never lov'd you
dialog: You know they are a liar (etc)
dialog: Never saw a woman
dialog: So alone (X2)
dialog: So alone lone lone
dialog: So alone
scene_heading: EXT. RAY'S HOUSE - VENICE - DAY
text: JIM drives up in his beaten GTO MUSTANG, top down, bags all
text: over the place, hops out. Carrying his bulk with grace, knocks
text: and rings. RIDERS ON THE STORM starting to play over.
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: DOROTHY opens the door. Jim a stack of presents under his
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Eek Dorothy! You cut your hair!
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: We're trying to have another baby.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (moving past her)
dialog: What -- was your hair getting in the
dialog: way?
dialog: (she smacks him lightly)
dialog: Where are the kids?
scene_heading: EXT. RAY YARD - DAY
text: He spots them, crossing to the YARD where a CHILDREN'S
text: BIRTHDAY is in progress -- TWO DOZEN KIDS, a CLOWN acting
text: out for them. A few parents and friends -- ROBBIE and LYNNE,
text: their kid, JOHN and his RECENT LADY, their kid...
text: When the KIDS spot JIM they light up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey -- am I late or is this the cool
dialog: remnant of a dream?
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: (rushing to him)
dialog: Eee! Jim! It's Uncle Jim... Come
dialog: on... what did you bring me Jim...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (picks up Robin)
dialog: How's my girl! And how's my boy!
text: They stick a ludicrous printed birthday hat on his head. A
text: bearded Santa Claus now engulfed with kids, though puffy,
text: body gone, a literal physical wreck, yet a gentle pathos
text: about him and still a charisma that the children react to
text: without thinking. He gives out the presents all over.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (ad libs)
dialog: For you... Pancho gets this one...
dialog: Melanie -- yours... Hey Dorothy don't
dialog: grab now... open that one, that's
dialog: yours... keep your paws off that
dialog: now...
text: As RAY and ROBBIE and JOHN and the others circle him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Robin, a 5 year
dialog: old)
dialog: ...and to you, princess, from your
dialog: Royal servant, James Douglas Morrison
dialog: (bows)
text: As ROBIN, the cutest of them all, a bow in her hair, takes
text: the package, opens it.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You wanna hear the new mixes on "LA
dialog: WOMAN?"...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, I gotta plane to catch.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Won't take long man, it's the best
dialog: one since "Days".
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: We added rain to "Riders", come on.
text: Jim cocks his head, listening to it playing from an inner
text: room, his eyes on ROBIN opening the gift -- a beautiful,
text: ANTIQUE DOLL of an 19th century poet -- rock star, stuffed,
text: velour jacket, white fluffy lace collar, it could be Byron
dialog: or it could be Jim Morrison -- in fact the hair is perfectly
text: weaved to resemble Jim in his young lion phase -- an ironic
dialog: gift, meant from the heart. It stops everybody -- they all
text: look. A haunted quality to the doll.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Ugh! What's that!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: (to Jim)
dialog: It's you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Forever young...
text: She kisses him.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Oh it's beautiful... Thank you Uncle
dialog: Jim.
scene_heading: INT. RAY'S WORK SPACE - DAY
text: Off the patio windows of the birthday party, sounds and
text: sunshine pouring in. The Clown running around, laughter. The
text: music plays -- BRUCE at the mixing board.
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
dialog: Riders on the Storm (x2)
dialog: Into this house we're born
dialog: Into this world we're thrown
dialog: Like a dog without a bone
dialog: An actor out on loan
dialog: Riders on the storm
dialog: Where we and Jim came in, I guess. Jim drinks from a cognac
text: bottle straight, foot tapping, enjoying it, knows it's good --
dialog: but other things are calling. This is history.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I gotta admit -- that ain't bad for
dialog: four guys who weren't even talking
dialog: that day.
text: Slapping shoulders, shaking hands.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You really gonna live in Paris man?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah John, be anonymous, write a
dialog: book: "Observations of an American
dialog: While on Trial in Miami".
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I still think we got a couple of
dialog: great blues albums in us man.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm pinned man. Everything I do they
dialog: got a category for it, y'know.
dialog: Freedom's gone.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, I'm gonna miss you Jim. I'm
dialog: gonna miss the feeling of playing
dialog: music with you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You can always whip the horses' eyes.
dialog: You, John, miss me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: More than you think asshole.
dialog: (turn away, repressing --
dialog: the emotions)
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (walking him to the
dialog: garden)
dialog: Well far as I'm concerned, Jim, I
dialog: made music with Dionysus man. We had
text: some moments on stage like no one
dialog: will ever fucking know.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (making light)
dialog: Yeah, yeah -- and you lay off those
dialog: drugs Rob. We're gonna play again
dialog: some day.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Jim -- "do not go gently into that
dialog: good night. Rage rage against the
dialog: dying of the light".
dialog: (he winks goodbye)
text: The kids running up to grab JIM, pulls him back to the party.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Come 'ere Uncle Jim, we're playing
dialog: blind man's bluff...
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - LATER DAY
text: JIM, a bearded Santa Claus with the birthday hat on his head,
text: surrounded by the GIRLS and BOYS and DOROTHY shooting a home
text: movie. They're eating birthday cake but UNCLE JIM is drinking
text: straight from the cognac bottle -- a strange sight.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Robin)
dialog: So what are you gonna be when you
dialog: grow up?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I wanna be your wife
text: He laughs, looks at Dorothy who's shooting him with the Super
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't know, can I afford you? Pam
dialog: kinda wiped me out with her dress
dialog: store y'know...
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I'll make my own dresses and you'll
dialog: see, I'll be the best wife.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: You'll never be alone Jim.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Dorothy)
dialog: You know I've never been happier.
dialog: Not as much of a rush as I used to
dialog: be in y'know... this is the strangest
dialog: life I've ever known.
text: His eyes on a LITTLE BOY who's walking into the party, sitting
text: down with the others, ignored, isolated, a birthday cap on
text: his head. Clothes belong to the 1940's and the face seems
text: familiar. Jim is not sure, woozy from the cognac. As he fades.
dialog: We saw the Boy many years ago in the backseat of the car in
dialog: the Arizona desert.
text: Jim's head falling gently into his folded arms on the table,
text: the cognac bottle at his elbow, merlin hat on, beard, the
text: kids laughing, pulling his ears and nose -- he doesn't wake
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: As Ray comes over now, rouses him gently.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Gotta plane to catch man?
text: Jim coming awake in that instant alert way of his, but
text: obviously hung over.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: O?... splittling headache from which
dialog: the future is made.
text: Puzzling remark, He gets up, shaky, exits, kids tearing at
text: him. Goodbyes.
scene_heading: EXT. RAY'S HOUSE - VENICE - TWILIGHT
text: The beach is behind them, the last of the frisbee players
text: and dogs, the skaters go by, as we continue to hear RIDERS
dialog: from within.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Is Pam really there in Paris waiting?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (ironic, head hurts)
dialog: Sure. The Count's there so where
dialog: else would she be? Gotta try to start
dialog: over, without all the hassles, y'know.
dialog: I think we can.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I never knew what you saw in that
dialog: nightmare chick man.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well she is kinda flakey -- like me.
dialog: I mean she's just so vulnerable about
dialog: everything. It makes me sad man.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But she's always kinda believed in
dialog: something about me y'know -- her
dialog: little picture of me as the unsung
dialog: poet -- and it's a fantasy I kinda
dialog: dig y'know, 'stead of the one I live.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't know man, I don't wanna sound
dialog: like your old man but you're only
dialog: 27, you're living like you gotta get
dialog: it all in, you gotta slow down man,
dialog: you did it, you broke thru to the
dialog: other side.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We didn't break thru Ray, we just
dialog: pushed things a little. When you
dialog: really break thru, there's nothing
dialog: left. No music, no Doors, no God,
dialog: nothing -- only a will to power.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I don't believe that. You were an
dialog: American prince, man -- with overbred
dialog: genes --
dialog: (Jim scoffs, laughs)
dialog: No! What could've been Jim? You
dialog: could've been President.
dialog: (Jim cracks up)
dialog: No man! What could've been Jim? We
dialog: stood here on this beach on the edge
dialog: of the Pacific that crazy summer day
dialog: in '65 -- and we knew, you and I, we
dialog: knew we were at the edge of the mind.
dialog: we were there, man. One planet, one
dialog: globe, one mind. Consciousness, we
dialog: raised it, we were there.
text: Jim, not the sentimental type, climbs in his car, amused.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: And now what?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Now?
dialog: (smiles, lethally
dialog: sweet)
dialog: You've made me into Ishmael. I am
dialog: the last survivor of the Pequod. And
dialog: I exist only to tell the story of
dialog: Ahab who fought the black whale.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (loves it, laughs)
dialog: It was white Ray. You gotta stop
dialog: harpin' on that day. I was so ripped
dialog: I can hardly remember it.
text: Ignites engine. Ray leans in, lightening up.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Hey, what was that poem you once
dialog: wrote about two chicks on the pier?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on man, I gotta fly.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Come on. Just once.
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: (VOICE OVER, pulling
dialog: out the car)
dialog: In that year we had a great
dialog: Visitation of energy
dialog: Back in those days
dialog: Everything was simpler and more
dialog: confused
text: One summer night, going to the pier
dialog: I ran into two young girls
dialog: The blonde was called Freedom
dialog: The dark one Enterprise
dialog: We talked
dialog: And they told me this story.
text: As he departs, waving.
speaker_heading: RAY
speaker_heading: (OVER)
dialog: What was the story?
text: His point of view -- Jim receding into the sun in his mustang --
text: making a shakey, screeching curve at the bend of the beach.
text: And he's gone. An ominous ROAR of an AIRPLANE above RAY. --
text: flying away.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES - TWILIGHT
text: The PLANE flies off into the setting ball of red sun.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING SESSION (LAST SESSION) - L.A. - DEC.
text: The bearded POET hunches in his chair, exhausted, clutching
text: the paper, finished. Pause. He downs a final shot, grunts to
text: the Indian Ghostman sitting there on a stool watching him in
text: the corner of the studio. The Ghostman laughs (but nothing
text: comes out of his mouth). His wrinkled eyes are happy,
text: feathered ponytail, he nods... pleased.
speaker_heading: MORRISON
dialog: Well, didja get all that?
speaker_heading: GHOSTMAN
dialog: You done good, Jim, go now -- rest
text: The ENGINEER, exhausted, doesn't feel anything funny.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Yeah, I got it Jim.
text: The poets face brightens. A small but ever-so-sweet smile of
text: triumph hikes up the corners of his mouth.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Aw right. Let's get some tacos!
text: He stands, sways, than moves out of view. The empty bottle
text: of whiskey, its sands run out, is left behind.
text: As we FADE OUT, a hardy, mischievous Morrison laugh and a
text: ripple of sensuous MUSIC carry us into the lilting, lamenting
text: strains of AN AMERICAN PRAYER -- THE END without lyrics for
dialog: now as we cut to:
scene_heading: INT. PARIS BEDROOM - NEAR DAWN (NIGHT) (1971)
text: PAMELA is agitated in her sleep -- waking as she feels him
text: watching. Is that him? At the door? A SHADOW -- leaves.
text: Footsteps moving down the narrow Parisian corridor with the
text: creaky floor.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jim... that you?
text: Looks at the time. Somewhere near dawn. The sounds of a bath
text: being drawn. Nightmare or sleep? She tries to fade back to
text: sleep but the MUSIC and the WHISPERING prod her, pull her
dialog: awake...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE: SAME FACE -- AN HOUR LATER.
text: Putting her robe on, the slippers, the light... moving. She
text: is much more ravaged looking than before.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAWN
text: She finds him now... His face floating upwards, angelic eyes,
text: the beard is now gone, a little smile on his face. He must
text: be playing another joke. Although she really knows as she
dialog: says the words:
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Jim! It was you. I always know when
dialog: it's you.
dialog: (moving closer)
dialog: Come on baby get out of the tub...
dialog: mama'll dry you off...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Jim Morrison, now you stop joking
dialog: you hear me, cut it out!
text: His face. At peace, as she sobs, the MUSIC cresting to Jim's
dialog: lyrics.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: ...was it all right Jim, did you
dialog: enjoy it when it came my baby? Just
dialog: like you said it'd be?
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: (OVER)
dialog: They are waiting to take us into the
dialog: severed garden do you know how pale
dialog: and wanton thrillful comes death at
text: a strange hour? Unannounced unplanned
dialog: for like a scaring overfriendly guest
dialog: you've brought to bed? Death makes
dialog: angels of us all? And gives us wings
dialog: where we had shoulders smooth as
dialog: raven's claws...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PERE LACHAISE CEMETERY - PARIS - DAY
text: His face etching into a perfect Alexandrine bust of physical
text: beauty. The camera moving to reveal, a wintry day, leaves
text: blowing, the wild cats everywhere in the empty cemetery, the
text: crumbling tombs, the flowers fresh and dead around Jim's
text: tomb, the graffiti, wine bottles, Wilde, Bizet, Piaf, Chopin,
dialog: Morrison...
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: (OVER)
dialog: No more money, no more fancy dress
dialog: this other kingdom seems by far the
text: best until its other jaw reveals
dialog: incest and loose obedience to a
dialog: vegetable law. I will not go I prefer
dialog: a feast of friends to the giant
dialog: family...
text: The MUSIC rolling up on:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR &amp; STAGE - LIMBO
text: Smoke. Some lights. The distant cheers of a CROWD. In slightly
text: SLOW MOTION, a FIGURE moves down a corridor into a blinding
text: light of stage and smoke. THREE OTHER SHADOWS are there
text: waiting -- as the GHOST moves to the microphone in altered
dialog: motion.
text: The AUDIENCE is out there somewhere in the dark -- we sense
dialog: they too have become ghosts, as all of us will one day. The
text: MUSIC continuing up to roll from AMERICAN PRAYER -- THE END --
dialog: snatches we annotate.
speaker_heading: GHOST ANNOUNCER
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, from Los Angeles
dialog: California -- The Doors!
dialog: (ghostly applause)
scene_heading: JIM &amp; THE DOORS
dialog: (snatches)
dialog: ...have you seen the warm progress
dialog: under the stars?
dialog: Have you forgotten the keys to the
dialog: kingdom?
dialog: Have you been born yet and are you
dialog: alive?
dialog: Where is the feast we were promised?
dialog: Let's reinvent the gods, the myths
dialog: of the ages!
dialog: We need great golden copulations
text: Camera closing past the DOORS to JIM alone, circling the
text: mike with his dance -- the INDIAN GHOSTMAN jigging, shaman-
text: like, off to the side -- now levitating above the stage, all
text: crazy, gawky dancing.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, I'll tell you a story of
dialog: whiskey, mystics and men
dialog: And about the believers and how the
dialog: whole thing began
dialog: First there were women and children
dialog: obeying the moon
dialog: Then daylight brought wisdom and
dialog: sickness too soon... the moon is a
dialog: dry blood beast
dialog: We have assembled inside this ancient
dialog: and insane theatre to propagate our
text: lust for life and flee the swarming
dialog: wisdom of the streets we live we die
dialog: and death not ends it
dialog: (screams in agony)
dialog: FATHER HAVE MERCY!!!
text: Ending with a solitary sing-song croak.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Bird of prey, bird of prey
text: Flying high, flying high in the summer
dialog: sky
text: Bird of prey, bird of prey flying
text: high, flying high gently pass by
text: Bird of prey, bird of prey flying
text: high, flying high
dialog: Take me on your flight
dialog: (pause then)
dialog: I will come again down from the wild
dialog: mountains
text: THE SUBTITLE READS "JIM IS SAID TO HAVE DIED OF 'HEART
scene_heading: FAILURE'. PAMELA JOINED HIM THREE YEARS LATER"... HER ASHES
text: WERE BURIED NEXT TO HIM."
text: BLACK SCREEN WITH CREDITS
dialog: ...Let's lighten it up with some good old rock and roll. As
text: we hear Jim and the Doors running loose on ROADHOUSE BLUES"
speaker_heading: JIM &amp; DOORS
scene_heading: ALRITE YEAH YEAH
scene_heading: YOU GOTTA ROLL, ROLL, ROLL
scene_heading: YOU GOTTA THRILL MY SOUL -- ALRITE
scene_heading: ROLL, ROLL, ROLL, ROLL,
scene_heading: A THRILL MY SOUL
scene_heading: A-GOT-A-BEEPA, GONCHA CHUCHNA HOCA
speaker_heading: CONK,
scene_heading: A DONTA EATCHA COONA NEECHA BOP-A-
scene_heading: LOOLA, LECHOW, BOMPA KECHOW YESOW
speaker_heading: CONK, YEAH
speaker_heading: RITE ASHEN LADY (X2)
speaker_heading: GIVE UP YOUR VOWS (X2)
speaker_heading: SAVE OUR CITY (X2)
speaker_heading: RIGHT NOW (X2)
dialog: WELL I WOKE UP THIS MORNING I GOT
speaker_heading: MYSELF A BEER (X2)
text: THE FUTURE'S UNCERTAIN THE END IS
speaker_heading: ALWAYS NEAR
scene_heading: LET IT ROLL BABY ROLL (X3)
speaker_heading: ALL NITE LONG
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
