scene_heading: THE BEST EXOTIC MARIGOLD HOTEL
dialog: Written by
dialog: Ol Parker
text: Based on the book THESE FOOLISH THINGS by Deborah Moggach
scene_heading: FOX SEARCHLIGHT PICTURES
scene_heading: 10201 W. Pico Blvd.
dialog: Los Angeles, CA 90035
scene_heading: ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. COPYRIGHT ©2010 TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX FILM
scene_heading: CORPORATION. NO PORTION OF THIS SCRIPT MAY BE PERFORMED,
scene_heading: PUBLISHED, REPRODUCED, SOLD OR DISTRIBUTED BY ANY MEANS, OR QUOTED
text: OR PUBLISHED IN ANY MEDIUM, INCLUDING ANY WEB SITE, WITHOUT THE
scene_heading: PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF WILLOW AND OAK, INC. DISPOSAL OF THIS
text: SCRIPT COPY DOES NOT ALTER ANY OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH
speaker_heading: ABOVE.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK
text: Muffled music; soothing, generic.
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE
dialog: Thank you for your patience.
dialog: Your call is important to us. We
dialog: will be with you shortly.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION FLAT, LONDON - DAY
text: A neat, well-appointed flat, tastefully decorated. Framed
text: against a large window which looks out over the city, an
text: elegant woman in her 70’s: EVELYN GREENSLADE. She’s on the
text: phone, on hold.
text: On the desk in front of her is a brand new laptop computer;
text: the screen reads ‘Getting Started ...’
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Thank you for your patience.
dialog: Your call is important to us. We
dialog: will be with you shortly.
text: Evelyn's patience is strained nonetheless. She taps her
text: fingers on the desk.
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Thank you for your patience.
dialog: Your call is -
text: A slightly-accented voice finally interrupts.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE
dialog: Mrs Greenslade, thank you for
dialog: waiting -
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Yes, now if you could stay on the
dialog: phone for a moment and talk to
dialog: me, just talk to me. I’m not
dialog: even clear, I don’t actually
dialog: understand what it is I’m trying
dialog: to order. Is wireless the same
dialog: as wi-fi? And what do either of
dialog: them have to do with broadband?
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE
dialog: Mrs Greenslade, since the account
dialog: is not in your name, before we
dialog: can make any changes we need to
dialog: speak to the account holder. Can
dialog: I please talk to the account
dialog: holder?
speaker_heading: 4A
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 2.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE
dialog: I'm asking if I can speak to the
dialog: account holder. Before we can
dialog: make any changes -
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You can’t talk to him, no.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He's dead. He died. There’s
dialog: only me.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/JUDGES CHAMBERS. INNS OF COURT - NIGHT 3
text: GILES, a judge in full wig and robes, moves quickly down a
text: corridor. He passes other judges, going the opposite way.
text: He arrives at the office of GRAHAM DASHWOOD, goes in.
text: GRAHAM is at his desk. His robes are on a hanger, his wig
text: is on a stand beside him.
speaker_heading: GILES
dialog: We're late.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. INNS OF COURT - NIGHT 4
text: Moments later. Graham and Giles walk down the corridor.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Bloody retirement parties. Hard
dialog: cheese, soft wine, and endless
dialog: speeches. Why do people do that?
dialog: No one ever said about any kind
dialog: of party: it was a wonderful
dialog: occasion, just a shame that the
dialog: speeches were so short.
speaker_heading: GILES
dialog: It’ll be you one day.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: One day very soon.
speaker_heading: GILES
dialog: You've been saying that for
dialog: years.
text: They walk into a large room, full of lawyers.
scene_heading: INT. HALL. INNS OF COURT - CONTINUOUS 4A
text: At one end of the hall, a very old JUDGE is giving a very
dialog: dull speech.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 3.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: An occasion such as this leads
dialog: one to cast ones mind back to the
dialog: days when I first entered my
dialog: pupillage. I had the very good
dialog: fortune of serving as a junior to
dialog: Mr Justice Stancombe ...
text: Graham's not listening any more. He’s looking around the
text: room. At the old, tired faces.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (cont'd)
dialog: ... the unwelcome news that I
dialog: would transfer Chambers, bringing
dialog: to mind the old adage a fronte
dialog: praecipitium, a tergo lupi ...
text: Everything seems to slow down, the judge’s mouth moving
text: more and more sluggishly, though his voice remains the
text: same. The effect is strange ... then the sound of laughter.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: This is the day.
text: Everyone looks round at him. He’s almost as surprised as
text: they are that he’s spoken out loud.
speaker_heading: GILES
dialog: Graham?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: This is the day.
text: He turns and walks out.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Staff bustle around a busy A & E ward. MURIEL lies on a
text: bed in the corridor.
text: The Head Nurse, KAREN, rushes past.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Listen, young lady. I want a cup
dialog: of tea, and I want it now.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: The trolley will be along
dialog: shortly.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: How hard d’you have to fall down
dialog: before you get some proper
dialog: attention? Hours I’ve been lying
dialog: here, and not a single doctor has
dialog: come to see me.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 3A.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Now that’s not quite true, is it
dialog: Mrs Donnelly?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: 5A
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 4.
speaker_heading: KAREN (cont'd)
dialog: A doctor did try and examine you,
dialog: and you sent him away.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: That one?
text: She looks up to the far end of the ward, where a doctor is
text: washing his hands. He’s black.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: He can wash all he likes, that
dialog: colour’s not coming out. I want
dialog: an English doctor.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: An English doctor? Why didn’t
dialog: you say so? I‘1l get one right
dialog: away.
text: She goes away, comes back moments later with a tall,
dialog: handsome doctor. The bad news for Muriel is ...
speaker_heading: KAREN (cont'd)
dialog: This is Dr Ghujarapartidar. And
dialog: this is Mrs Donnelly.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HOUSING ESTATE - DAY SA
text: A crescent of identical bungalows, part of a brand new
dialog: retirement facility.
text: A mobility scooter carrying an elderly resident trundles
text: down the road.
speaker_heading: ESTATE AGENT (0.S.)
dialog: ++. with an unlimited range of
dialog: leisure opportunities just a
dialog: stone’s throw away...
scene_heading: INT. NEW HOUSING DEVELOPMENT - DAY 6
text: A young estate agent, EVAN, is showing DOUGLAS and JEAN
text: around a very small, and very beige bungalow.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: So as I say, what you’re looking
dialog: at here is very competitively
dialog: priced, you can’t get better
dialog: value for your grey pound.
dialog: Another little feature, not
dialog: necessary right now, but give it
dialog: a couple of years ...
dialog: (points)
dialog: «+. rails on the walls to help
dialog: you get around, and down here, a
dialog: panic button in case of a sudden
text: fall, brings the Warden running.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 4a.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: What if we fell somewhere else?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: It’s just that we might not
dialog: manage to plan our sudden fall in
dialog: the exact corner where the button
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Yeah. As I say -
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 5.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: And would it be possible to get
dialog: the rail to go through the middle
dialog: of the room as well?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Darling ...
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: To help us get across, not just
dialog: around?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: (to Evan)
dialog: Could we have a moment, please?
dialog: Thanks. Thanks so much.
dialog: Evan goes.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Thirty years in the Civil Service
dialog: and this is all we can afford?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Would it help if I apologized
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: No. But try it anyway.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: JUDITH (40ish) is sitting opposite someone. We don’t see
dialog: whom.
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: And then after that I worked as a
dialog: systems analyst for a few years
dialog: but I just found it so dull, what
dialog: I really wanted was to do
dialog: something that was more creative,
dialog: that matched my ...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m sorry. On the form they
dialog: asked for our age bracket, and
dialog: the age we wanted to meet ... and
dialog: in both cases I ticked 35-45.
text: Now we see the man she’s talking to. It’s NORMAN. He’s
text: dapper, nice looking. And at least 70.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That’s right, yes. So did I.
text: They're at a speed dating evening. Numbered tables, etc.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (cont'd)
dialog: Anyway, don’t stop. Something
dialog: more creative ...
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 6.
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Early 40's.
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: D’you mean you were born in the
dialog: early 40's?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Judy, I know what you’re asking -
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: It’s Judith.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Judith. And trust me, I've still
dialog: got it.
text: The bell goes; the signal for the women to get up and move
text: along to the next table. Judith leaves without looking
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (cont'd)
dialog: I just can’t find anyone that
dialog: wants it.
text: Another hopeful candidate arrives opposite Norman. And
text: looks crestfallen at what’s on offer.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. BEDROOM/STAIRS/HALL. FAMILY HOUSE - DAY
text: MADGE is in her bedroom. She’s arguing with her son-in-law
text: CRAIG. Madge’s suitcases are by the door.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: This is crazy. You're crazy.
dialog: You can’t just up and leave like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: And yet if you watch me, that’s
dialog: exactly what you’1ll see happen.
text: She picks up her suitcases, heads out of the room. Madge’s
text: daughter JESSICA is on the landing.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Your mother’s lost it.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: My mother never had it.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 7.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Talk to her. She doesn’t listen
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Nobody listens to you.
text: She heads down the stairs. Craig and Jessica follow.
speaker_heading: MADGE (cont‘d)
dialog: (to Jessica)
dialog: It’s one of the great mysteries
dialog: of life that someone so vibrant
dialog: and fascinating as my daughter
dialog: should choose to spend her life
dialog: with this fraction of a man.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I still don’t understand what's
text: going on.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: I just asked her to babysit. And
text: now she says she’s leaving.
text: They're at the bottom of the stairs. Jessica’s children,
text: LIAM and KATIE, are watching.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: But you love babysitting.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: I loved it last night.
speaker_heading: LIAM
dialog: We had pizza and stayed up late.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: And the night before.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: We had Chinese and stayed up
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: LIAM
dialog: If you don’t go, tonight we could
dialog: do a curry.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: It’s tempting, my darlings, but
dialog: you know why I must leave.
speaker_heading: LIAM
dialog: We know.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (to her parents)
dialog: Being here is stopping her
dialog: finding a husband.
dialog: 10
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 8.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Another one?
speaker_heading: LIAM AND KATIE
dialog: Bye Granny.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Don’t let the buggers get you
dialog: down.
text: Madge turns to go.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: How many husbands have you had,
dialog: anyway?
text: She turns back, smiles.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Including my own?
text: Then she’s out of the front door, and heading for the taxi.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Mother? Mother!
scene_heading: INT/EXT. TAXI - DAY 9
text: Moments later. Madge climbs into the back of the cab.
speaker_heading: TAXI DRIVER
dialog: Name the place, darling. Where
dialog: are you going?
text: Madge smiles.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: I have absolutely no idea.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION FLAT - DAY 10
text: Evelyn, whom we saw earlier on the phone, is in the living
text: room. Her son CHRISTOPHER is there. And her lawyer
speaker_heading: HAROLD.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: There’s no other way . There
dialog: just isn’t. Harold told us this
dialog: three months ago.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: And I’m afraid matters have only
dialog: got worse.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 8A.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: We can’t wait any longer. We
dialog: need to put this flat on the
dialog: market, and at least make a start
dialog: at paying off Dad’s debts.
dialog: te ee
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 9.
text: Christopher turns to Harold.
dialog: They wait
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER (cont'd)
dialog: I’ve talked it through with Polly
dialog: and the boys, and of course we
dialog: all agreed. Ma will move in with
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: I think that’s best, Evelyn.
dialog: It’s what Hugh would’ve wanted.
text: for confirmation from Evelyn. None comes.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: Good. Settled. End of
dialog: discussion.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That’s what your father used to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: Ma -
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: When there’d never really been
dialog: any discussion at all.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: I want to look after things for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Like he did for forty years
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And look how that turned out.
text: She turns to Harold
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT’D)
dialog: How can any of us know what Hugh
dialog: would've wanted? And would he
dialog: have seen fit to tell us anyway?
dialog: (Best)
dialog: Obviously the flat has to be
dialog: sold.
dialog: (Best, then to Christopher)
dialog: And you're very kind. And dear
dialog: Polly. But no, I won’t be coming
dialog: to live with you.
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + OF
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 9A.
scene_heading: il INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 11
text: Muriel has now been transferred to a ward. She is
text: listening to DR GHUJARAPARTIDAR.
speaker_heading: DR GHUJARAPARTIDAR
dialog: You need a new hip, Mrs Donnelly.
dialog: It’s not a difficult operation.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Easy for you to say, you're not
dialog: having it.
speaker_heading: DR GHUJARAPARTIDAR
dialog: Regardless. You do need a new
dialog: hip.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: I’m not getting it from you.
dialog: 12
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 10.
speaker_heading: DR GHUJARAPARTIDAR
dialog: Not me personally, no.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Not any of your lot.
speaker_heading: DR GHUJARAPARTIDAR
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: So when do I have the operation?
speaker_heading: DR GHUJARAPARTIDAR
dialog: I’m afraid you'll be on a waiting
dialog: list for at least six months.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: At my age, I can’t plan that far
dialog: ahead. I don’t even buy green
dialog: bananas.
speaker_heading: DR GHUJARAPARTIDAR
dialog: There is another way. Our
dialog: hospital trust is funding a new
dialog: pilot scheme, that will enable us
dialog: to out-source you to another
dialog: hospital, where they can perform
dialog: the procedure almost immediately,
dialog: and at a fraction of the cost.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Is it local?
speaker_heading: DR GHUJARAPARTIDAR
dialog: That depends how you define
dialog: local.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S FLAT/CHRISTOPHER’S OFFICE - NIGHT 12
text: Evelyn is on the phone to her son Christopher. They’re
text: both sitting at computers. Evelyn’s new-found dexterity is
dialog: impressive.
text: Around Evelyn’s room are packing boxes, some already full.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: When did you get a computer?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How far along is the progress
dialog: bar? The strip at the bottom
dialog: that tells you -
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: I know what it is. What are you
dialog: showing me anyway?
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 11.
text: The webpage has come up. It’s a picture of a beautiful old
text: building. And underneath is written ‘THE BEST EXOTIC
scene_heading: MARIGOLD HOTEL’.
text: As Christopher gapes in horror, he hears a mellifluous
text: Indian voice.
speaker_heading: INDIAN VOICE
dialog: ‘Come and spend your autumn years
dialog: in an Indian palace with the
dialog: sophistication of an English
text: country manor. Steeped in the
dialog: tradition of the Raj, tucked away
dialog: on the outskirts of Jaipur ...’
scene_heading: INT. INTERNET CAFE - DAY 13
text: The mellifluous tones continue. Madge mouths the words to
text: herself as she scans the same web-page.
speaker_heading: INDIAN VOICE
dialog: ‘... it exudes historical
text: ambience and is graced with
text: breathtaking surroundings ...’
scene_heading: INT. SALON - DAY 14
text: Jean, whom we earlier saw looking at the bungalow, is at
text: the hairdressers. Her stylist ABI listens to her reading a
text: computer printout for the same hotel. Which looks classy,
dialog: elegant, and welcoming.
text: Madge’s voice bleeds into Jean’s.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (reading)
text: ‘Lofty terraces, open courtyards,
text: domes, arches and canopied
dialog: balconies transport one back in
dialog: time.’
speaker_heading: ABI
dialog: I wouldn’t mind going there
dialog: myself.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF COURSE - DAY 15
text: In the background, a train rumbles along the Piccadilly
dialog: Line towards Heathrow.
text: Douglas, Jean’s husband, is on the green with his friend
text: SIMON. Douglas is lining up a tricky putt.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: There won’t be any golf courses.
dialog: 16
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 12.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Just as well. I can’t afford the
dialog: green fees.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: But a retirement home?
text: Douglas misses his putt.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: It’s a luxury development, where
dialog: all the residents are in their
dialog: golden years.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Like the Costa Brava.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Yes. But with more elephants.
text: Simon holes out.
scene_heading: INT. JUDGES CHAMBERS - DAY 16
text: Graham, the judge, is in his office. It’s nearly empty;
text: his entire life is being packed away.
text: His friend Giles watches him put more things in boxes.
speaker_heading: GILES
dialog: How long have we known each
dialog: other? And you’ve never once
dialog: talked about India.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: D’you want these books?
speaker_heading: GILES
dialog: You might need them again.
text: Graham smiles at him, calls out.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Mrs Megson!
text: His cleaner, MRS MEGSON, comes in.
speaker_heading: MRS MEGSON
dialog: Sir?
text: Graham takes a beautiful vase off the shelf, gives it to
dialog: her.
dialog: I want you to have this.
speaker_heading: MRS MEGSON
dialog: Are you sure?
dialog: 17
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 13.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Absolutely. There’s a slight
dialog: crack on the bottom. But I think
dialog: you might know something about
dialog: that already.
dialog: Mrs Megson goes.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont‘’d)
dialog: I used to live there. A long
dialog: time ago.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT BEDSIT. EARLS COURT - DAY 17
text: A bedsit. Slightly down at heel, and sparsely furnished.
text: Norman, whom we met speed dating, is talking to someone.
dialog: We don’t see who.
text: Quietly, in the background, Radio 2 music from an old
dialog: battery radio.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I have to go. I do. And I could
dialog: say I wish you'd come, but I've
dialog: never lied to you. We both know
dialog: I need more than you can offer.
dialog: We know that. Don’t we?
text: We see who's sitting in front of him. An ancient
dialog: dachshund.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (cont’d)
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: Don’t make that face at me.
text: Norman's Polish landlady, MRS JELLINEK, is at the door.
speaker_heading: MRS JELLINEK
dialog: (to her dog)
dialog: You. Upstairs.
text: The dog hops off the chair, and leaves. Norman watches him
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: MRS JELLINEK (cont'd)
dialog: Any warm clothes you have use for
dialog: no more, I take them. And not
dialog: forget to leave keys when you go.
text: She leaves. Norman is left alone.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'll miss you too.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 14.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING ESTATE - DAY 18
text: The district ambulance driver, JACKSON, is pushing Muriel
text: in a wheelchair across a housing estate.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: You know who'll be there, don’t
dialog: you? Indians. Loads of them, A
text: sea of brown faces and black
text: hearts, all greasy haired and
dialog: reeking of spices. Never see one
dialog: on their own, do you? No,
dialog: becuase they hunt in packs. All
dialog: the better to rob me blind and -
speaker_heading: JACKSON
dialog: You know what? You can take it
dialog: from here.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: You’re supposed to see me into my
dialog: flat. That's what they said.
speaker_heading: JACKSON
dialog: My wife is from Mumbai.
text: He heads off. Muriel shouts after him.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: No good moaning to me, mate. You
dialog: married her!
text: But he’s gone.
text: Muriel wheels herself on over the bumpy ground.
scene_heading: EXT. PASSENGER DROP-OFF. STANSTED AIRPORT - EVENING 19
text: A reluctant Christopher is pushing a trolley carrying
text: Evelyn’s cases to the terminal.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: You’re sure your tickets are in
dialog: order?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: They should be. The hotel paid
dialog: for them. I’m sure they'd
dialog: rather have us there than not.
dialog: And its fantastically cheap for
dialog: the first three months.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: I wonder why.
text: They walk on in silence.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER (cont‘d)
dialog: How will we know you’re alright?
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’ll call. They do have phones
dialog: there, you know. Or you can
dialog: just read my blog.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: Your what?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: On the interweb. You can log in
dialog: whenever you like, read my news.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: I just hope the first item will
dialog: be announcing your return. Ir
dialog: don’t suppose they’1ll be paying
dialog: for the journey back...?
text: Evelyn stops. They’ve reached the terminal.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Could you please, before I go,
dialog: say one thing that is supportive?
dialog: Because I’ve never done anything
dialog: like this before.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: Without Dad, you never did
dialog: anything at all. And i don’t
dialog: think you’1l be able to cope.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well. I suppose we'll find out,
dialog: won't we?
text: They head into the building.
scene_heading: INT. CHECK-IN AREA. AIRPORT - EVENING
text: Madge is at the First Class Check-In desk.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: And the connecting flight to
dialog: Jaipur is first class too?
dialog: 15.
dialog: 20
text: The check-in girl nods, hands Madge back her passport.
speaker_heading: MADGE (cont'd)
dialog: I tell you, it’s tough to get
dialog: upgraded nowadays. I had to
dialog: flirt so hard with the travel
dialog: agent, it was practically phone
dialog: sex.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY AREA. AIRPORT - EVENING
text: The light is fading.
dialog: 21
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 15A.
text: Norman appears to be relishing a detailed search from a
dialog: female Security Guard.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Come on. Thorough as you like
text: Muriel is waiting to collect her bag from the belt.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: We'd like to take a look in this
dialog: bag, Madam, if you don’t mind.
text: He lifts the bag onto a table. It’s heavier than he
dialog: thought.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 16.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD (cont’d)
dialog: What you got in here anyway?
text: He opens the bag, stares in astonishment.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
text: PG Tips. Brown sauce. Ten jars
dialog: of Marmite. Thirty one packets
text: of Chocolate Hobnobs. Pickled
text: onions. Pickled eggs. And
dialog: pickle.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
text: No liquids on the plane.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: It means you can’t take the
dialog: pickled onions. Or the pickled
dialog: eggs.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The pickle’s fine.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING GATE. AIRPORT - EVENING/NIGHT 22
text: The passengers from Flight 1045 to Delhi are seated at the
text: gate, waiting to board.
text: Muriel is wheeled up by an attendant and parked at the end
text: of the only remaining row of empty chairs. Douglas and
text: Jean are already sitting there.
text: Jean smiles politely as Graham sits down a couple of seats
dialog: away.
text: Norman arrives, carrying his battery radio, sees an empty
text: place between Jean and Madge, who is sitting at the end.
text: He smiles knowingly at Madge as he sits.
text: Finally Evelyn takes the only available space, between
dialog: Graham and Douglas.
text: And there the seven passengers wait patiently, unaware of
dialog: their common fate.
text: The sound of a jet engine, quiet at first, finally engulfs
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY. INDIA - DAWN 23
text: The plane cruises down through a stunning sunset, and lands
dialog: at Delhi Airport.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 17.
scene_heading: 24 INT. AIRPORT TERMINAL, DELHI - DAY 24
text: Evelyn, Douglas, Jean and Graham are descending on an
text: escalator. Madge is a few steps up.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Obviously one’s read one’s
dialog: Kipling, but we view this as an
dialog: opportunity to explore another
dialog: culture, as well as making new
dialog: friends. And a retired judge is
dialog: just the class of guest one was
dialog: hoping for, isn’t it Douglas?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (to Evelyn)
dialog: And is this your first time in
dialog: India?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You don’t seem like an
dialog: experienced traveller.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm not. Although one has read
dialog: one’s guidebooks.
text: Jean blinks. Evelyn and Graham share a smile. Douglas
text: hides his. And Madge sees it all.
text: As they head towards the baggage carousel, they’re met by
text: Muriel and Norman, emerging from the elevator. Norman is
text: pushing Muriel’s wheelchair.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Norman Cousins.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Madge Hardcastle. A pleasure.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Play your cards right, it could
dialog: be.
text: Madge stares at him. A voice comes over the tannoy.
speaker_heading: AIRPORT ANNOUNCER
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, we regret
dialog: to inform you that owing to bad
dialog: weather, Flight 105 to Jaipur has
dialog: been cancelled. The airline is
dialog: happy to arrange ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 18.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT. DELHI - DAY 25
text: Hours later. The airport is deserted, except for the
text: Marigold Hotel party, who sit slumped and exhausted on
text: another row of seats, with Muriel’s wheelchair at the other
dialog: end.
text: After a moment, Graham says ...
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Alright. Plan B.
scene_heading: INT. DELHI AIRPORT ~- DAY 26
text: Moments later. They’re all moving briskly through the hi-
text: tech, ultra-modern, beautifully air-conditioned building.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Of course it’s a good idea. Who
dialog: can you trust if not a High Court
dialog: Judge?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: And this way we see more of the
dialog: country.
text: Norman is pushing Muriel’s wheelchair.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (leaning down, to
dialog: Muriel)
dialog: If anyone asks, say you’re my
dialog: mother. I don’t want people to
dialog: think we're together.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: In your dirty dreams.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Douglas, these are not words that
dialog: often pass my lips, but you may
dialog: actually be right. The country
dialog: seems to be rather more civilised
dialog: than one originally thought.
scene_heading: EXT. DELHI BUS STATION - EVENING 27
text: Moments later. Our heroes are in the middle of an
text: extraordinary scene. Stifling heat, deafening noise; the
text: chaos, the bustle, the grime, the crowds, the life.
text: They’re surrounded by taxi drivers, baggage
text: handlers,beggars etc. All clamouring for their attention.
text: Evelyn looks a little shocked. Jean is traumatized, a
text: handkerchief to her face.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 19.
text: Graham, at the ticket booth, triumphantly holds up a
text: fistful of tickets.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (shouting over the din)
dialog: The bus will drop us in the
dialog: centre of town. We can take tuk-
dialog: tuks the rest of the way!
text: They follow him through the hordes. And see their bus.
text: It’s absolutely rammed. People are practically hanging out
dialog: of the windows.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: There’s not enough room.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: It’s time to prove the first and
dialog: only rule of India: there's
dialog: always room.
text: He starts to fight his way to the door. Evelyn’s at the
text: back. She stops, for a moment, looks around her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What larks, Pip.
text: Douglas is just ahead of her. He turns, smiles.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Let's hope so.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - EVENING 28
text: Muriel’s wheelchair is strapped to the back of the bus,
text: which is screaming down the six-lane highway. A huge tower
text: of luggage is piled precariously on the roof.
text: The road appears to be complete chaos; cars, buses, even
text: cows overtaking each other.
text: The bus pulls into the outside lane to follow a truck which
text: is overtaking some slower vehicles. As the truck pulls back
text: into the inside lane, it reveals a huge truck barrelling
text: towards them on the wrong carriageway.
text: Norman, sitting at the front, screams his last scream...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: NOOOOOOO.....1!
text: At the last minute, the bus pulls back into the inside
text: lane. The Indians on the bus take absolutely no notice.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - EVENING 29
text: Norman is grinning from ear to ear.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 20.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I‘m loving this!
text: Evelyn is sitting next to Madge.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: A few months ago I was organising
text: the church flowers.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Are you struggling with the
dialog: feeling you're not in control of
dialog: your circumstances?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: A little.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: You know what the shortest prayer
dialog: in the world is?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Fuck it.
text: Evelyn laughs.
speaker_heading: MADGE (cont’d)
dialog: You're not doing the church
dialog: flowers any more. May as well
dialog: enjoy the ride.
text: Douglas is watching a nice Indian family. They’re having a
text: picnic. The father notices Douglas looking, offers him
dialog: some food.
text: Douglas makes the namaste gesture, takes some happily.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Are you insane? “Avoid all food
dialog: not from a reputable vendor, it
dialog: will have been washed with impure
dialog: water.”
text: Douglas keeps eating, with great enjoyment.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS,
dialog: It’s just a sandwich.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Marvellous. Then I’11 have the
dialog: ham, cheese, and streptococcus,
dialog: please. Or perhaps the bacteria,
text: lettuce and tomato.
text: Douglas turns to Muriel.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 21.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Would you like some of this? I
dialog: believe it’s aloo ka paratha.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: If I can’t pronounce it, I’m not
dialog: eating it.
text: The cacophony of horns continues. Jean screams, as another
text: collision looms.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DUSK 30
text: The last of the light. The bus moves on through a beautiful
dialog: landscape.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT 31
text: Everyone is asleep, or trying to sleep.
text: Except Muriel. She reaches into her bag, and carefully
text: removes a biscuit. She surreptitiously lifts it to her
text: mouth, and starts to chew.
text: Madge has fallen asleep on Evelyn’s shoulder. But Evelyn
text: is still awake, as is Graham.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How long since you were here?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Forty years.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: As long as I was married.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He died recently. My husband.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: D‘you think we’re going to be
dialog: alright?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: God, don’t ask me. I’m more
dialog: scared than you are.
text: They both smile, sit in silence for a bit.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont’d)
dialog: Yes. I think it’s going to be
dialog: extraordinary.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: 34A
speaker_heading: 34B
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 22.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS - DAWN 32
text: The sun rises. A beautiful, pearly dawn.
text: The bus drives through the great gates of Jaipur. Below,
text: the city shimmers in the heat. It’s a magnificent sight.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (0.S.)
dialog: What exactly is a tuk-tuk?
scene_heading: EXT. JAIPUR STREET - DAWN 33
text: Our heroes are squashed into a pair of them, facing
text: forwards and backwards, attempting not to swallow too much
text: dust as they wheel crazily through the teeming morning
text: streets of the city. They stare in amazement at the world
text: racing past them.
text: A scooter overtakes. A young man is driving, his
text: girlfriend riding side-saddle on the back. Her sari
text: billows out behind her. Douglas and Evelyn both watch her,
text: struck by this image of beauty, youth and vitality.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/GARDEN PATH. MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 34
text: The tuk-tuks have pulled up, and our travellers emerge,
text: exhausted and dirty, staring through some garden gates at
text: the Marigold Hotel. Once a beautiful building, once
text: possibly even luxurious, it is clearly in the process of
text: being given at least half the face-lift it badly needs.
text: Parts of the building are freshly painted, some of the
text: ornate balconies are crumbling, and one wall is clad with
text: crazily skewed bamboo scaffolding. A huge old tree towers
text: over an untended garden, its branches poking into the
text: windows of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP. MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 34A
text: A young man leans out from an upper balcony to see the
scene_heading: arrival below: SONNY KAPOOR (early 20's).
text: He deposits a paint pot and brush on a parapet, and races
text: off across the rooftop.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN PATH/COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 34B
text: Dazed and horrified, the travellers wander up the pathway.
text: A cow standing in front of them is pushed into the garden
text: by a couple of young houseboys who then run to the tuk-tuks
dialog: to collect their luggage.
dialog: 34c
dialog: 35
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 23.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWAY/COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 34C
text: Sonny clatters down the steep steps, and comes tearing out
text: onto a verandah, as the travellers arrive in the courtyard
text: below. He spreads his arms wide.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Welcome to India!!!
text: They stare up at him.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. COURTYARD/HALLWAY.BEDROOM. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 35
text: The courtyard is not without charm, although somewhat
text: delapidated. A fountain at the centre does not look as if
text: it has seen water in years, and faded awnings are strung up
text: haphazardly.
text: Sonny is leading Madge into the darkness of the building,
text: towards her room.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: This is a building of the utmost
dialog: character, which means that
dialog: perhaps not everything will
dialog: function in the way you expect it
dialog: to. But as the manager and chief
dialog: executive supervising officer of
dialog: the Marigold Hotel, I can tell
dialog: you with great pride that the
dialog: building has stood for centuries,
dialog: and will stand for many more, in
dialog: 100% shipshape condition. Please
dialog: follow me, carefully avoiding
dialog: that naughty stone there ...
dialog: round this corner, leading us
dialog: most successfully all the way to
dialog: ++. your bedroom!
text: The room is very small, comfortable, and tastefully
text: decorated. But there‘s no door.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Here. In here.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: My dear man. Rooms have doors.
dialog: What you’re showing me here is an
dialog: alcove.
speaker_heading: SONNY
text: The door is coming soon, most
dialog: definitely.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: How soon?
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 24.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Let us not concern ourselves with
dialog: details, Mrs Hardcastle. Rather
dialog: than speaking of doors, we should
dialog: instead take pleasure in the
dialog: freedom to roam.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Does your room have a door?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Oh yes.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Then that’s where I’1l be
dialog: staying.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER COURTYARD, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 36
text: Douglas and Jean arrive at their room. Douglas goes in
text: through the arched doorway, promptly comes back out again.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Bird in the room! Bird in the
dialog: room!
text: Jean pushes him aside, goes on in. Several pigeons are
text: flying around in some panic.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. VERANDAH/BEDROOM. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 37
text: Evelyn arrives at her room, goes on in.
text: The room is light and airy. And rather nice. But all the
text: furniture is covered in sheets.
text: As Evelyn stands there, Sonny comes rushing in, yanks all
text: the sheets off, and runs out again.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. BEDROOMS/TERRACE. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 38
text: Muriel wheels herself towards her room. Standing inside is
text: a male nurse, AJIT.
text: Muriel swivels her chair around. Graham is just going into
dialog: his room.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: There's an Indian in there!
text: Graham smiles, goes on into his room. Which is dusty, but
text: comfortable and pleasant.
text: He looks around with satisfaction.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 25.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRWAY, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 39
text: Norman is laboriously climbing the stairs to his room. He
text: stops, catches his breath.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 40
text: Ajit is attempting to explain himself to Muriel.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: My what?
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: Your physiotherapist. To help
dialog: with your recovery after the
dialog: operation.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: You're not touching me.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: Traditionally that is how
dialog: physiotherapy is practised.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 41
text: Norman comes out onto the roof of the hotel. His room is
text: right in front of him, a kind of penthouse cabin. A bed,
text: but not much else. The trees poke in through the open
dialog: window.
text: He walks through the room, hangs his battery radio on a
text: hook and leans out of the balcony, surveying the view.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: This‘1l do.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION ~- DAY 42
text: Jean is confronting Sonny.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I want to stay at the other
text: hotel, the one in the brochure.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mrs Ainslie, prepare to be
dialog: amazed. This is that very
dialog: building!
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You've Photoshopped it!
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I have offered a vision of the
dialog: future.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 26.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont'd)
dialog: Of course I had hoped that by now
dialog: it would be the present. But in
dialog: India we have a saying:
dialog: everything will be alright in the
dialog: end. So if it is not alright,
text: then it is not yet the end.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: What will start to make this
dialog: alright is for you to give us a
dialog: refund.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Of course if that is what you
dialog: desire, you must have it.
dialog: Absolutely no problem, I will
dialog: refund you completely.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You will? Straight away?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Without question, Mrs Ainslie, I
dialog: most definitely will. Straight
dialog: away in three months.
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM‘’S ROOM. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 43
text: Graham is taking some things out of his bag: an old map of
text: Jaipur, sepia-tinted photographs of a British family during
text: the Raj, official documents yellowing with age.
text: He picks up a photograph, looks at it.
text: From outside, we can hear Ajit, the physiotherapist ...
speaker_heading: AJIT (0.S.)
dialog: «+. a stay of five days and it is
dialog: done under general anaesthesia.
dialog: A hip replacement usually takes
dialog: only two hours ...
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 44
text: Ajit’s explanation continues. Muriel is trying not to
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: Your surgeon will remove the top
dialog: end of the thigh bone, and insert
text: an artificial bone instead. A
dialog: most routine procedure.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Have you got a marker pen on you?
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: Why?
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 27.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: I want to mark it. So you don’t
dialog: take the wrong hip.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. UPPER VERANDAH. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 45
text: Douglas is on his way down the stairs.
text: Evelyn comes out of her bedroom.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh, hello.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Is everything alright?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I was just going to find the
dialog: manager.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS.
dialog: I'm afraid he’s dealing with my
dialog: wife. Or vice versa.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I promised I‘d call my son, to
dialog: tell him I’d arrived, and -
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: And the phone in your room
dialog: doesn’t work. May I?
scene_heading: 45A INT. EVELYN’S ROOM. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 45A
text: Douglas picks up the very old-style phone. Evelyn is
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont’d)
dialog: Now, did you try jiggling it a
dialog: bit?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes, did that.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Did you kind of bang it lightly
dialog: on the desk a few times?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That too.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Emm.
text: He twists off the mouthpiece of the receiver, lifts the
text: receiver carefully. And blows on it.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 28.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How did you come to be here? In
dialog: India.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I invested our - well, my -
dialog: retirement money in our
dialog: daughter's internet company. She
dialog: assured me that as soon as the
dialog: start-up actually started up, and
dialog: the conversion from virtual to
dialog: actual proved sufficiently
dialog: viable, then she would be able to
dialog: pay it all back.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m not sure I understand what
dialog: most of those words mean.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: It turns out neither did she.
text: Douglas has put the mouthpiece back on, holds the receiver
text: to his ear.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont’d)
dialog: There you are. Good as new.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: No, of course not. I’ve got no
dialog: idea what I’m doing.
text: Evelyn bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont’d)
dialog: Now, would you like me to not fix
dialog: that chair? Because I can do
dialog: that too.
scene_heading: 45B EXT. STAIRWAY. MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 45B
text: The houseboys are struggling with the unequal task of
text: pulling Muriel’s wheelchair, with Muriel in it, up the
text: narrow steps.
speaker_heading: SONNY (0.S.)
dialog: In honour of your arrival, a
dialog: special welcome British roast for
dialog: you all!
scene_heading: 46 EXT. UPPER COURTYARD - NIGHT 46
text: A group of mismatched table and chairs, that constitute the
text: dining area of the hotel.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 29.
text: Sonny is serving up a meal. His guests, wearing garlands
text: of marigolds, listen politely.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: -..Cooked lovingly by myself and
dialog: my most loyalist factotum and
dialog: helper, Young Wasim ...
text: He points to YOUNG WASIM. Who is about 80, and is sitting
text: in the corner, fast asleep.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Roast what?
speaker_heading: SONNY
text: A wonderful taste of Blighty.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Roast what?
speaker_heading: SONNY
text: Roast goat curry.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS.
dialog: Yes please.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: So the upshot is that he’s spent
dialog: all our money getting us here,
dialog: and we can‘t leave till he’s made
dialog: some more.
text: Muriel has arrived at her table.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Gentle friends, you have found
dialog: your way to this place,
dialog: bequeathed to me by my beloved
dialog: father, that I have raised from
text: the ruins of his broken dreams,
dialog: and renamed The Best Exotic
dialog: Marigold Hotel For The Elderly
dialog: And Beautiful. Yes, I use the
dialog: words most deliberately....
text: Norman is not looking very well at all. Sonny doesn’t
text: notice, keeps on going.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont'd)
dialog: ++-You have all heard the chimes
dialog: at midnight, and long in tooth
dialog: have you become. Who knows how
dialog: many days you have left? But we
dialog: are most honoured that you have
dialog: chosen to spend that time with
dialog: us.
text: Norman’s head suddenly tips forward, and he falls from his
text: chair onto the floor.
dialog: 47
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 30.
text: General panic. Everybody crowds round, but no one knows
dialog: what to do.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont'd)
dialog: Let me through, please. My
dialog: brother is a doctor.
text: He kneels next to Norman, and checks his watch as he feels
dialog: for a pulse.
text: Everybody waits. And then ...
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont’d)
dialog: This man is dead.
text: An appalled silence.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont'd)
dialog: Please, we must cover his face.
dialog: We should preserve his dignity at
dialog: this terrible moment.
text: Madge looks around. All there is is a napkin. She passes
text: it Sonny, who lays it over the face of Norman.
text: Who promptly coughs.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: He just coughed. I heard him
dialog: cough!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He moved! He’s alive!
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: He’s fainted, that’s all.
text: Sonny shakes his watch next to his ear. It’s stopped.
text: Norman sits up.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What’s going on? Did I nod off?
text: Everyone crowds round Norman, helps lift him back up.
text: Except Muriel. She just stares at them all.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Hell. I’m in hell.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAWN 47
text: The sun rises. A washer-man bicycles up to the hotel, a
text: load of clean sheets balanced on his handlebars.
text: Shopkeepers on the street are beginning to set out their
dialog: wares.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 31.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.O.)
dialog: Day Nine. Old habits die easier
dialog: than we think, and new ones form.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S ROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAWN 48
text: Evelyn is typing - hunt and peck - at her computer. Beside
text: her, the classified pages of the local newspaper.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: No longer do I reach out in the
dialog: morning for Radio 4. My news
dialog: comes instead from the Jaipur
dialog: Herald ...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 49
text: A sign reads: ‘THE BEST EXOTIC MARIGOLD HOTEL FOR THE
scene_heading: ELDERLY AND BEAUTIFUL - OPEN FOR BUSINESS.’
text: Sonny affixes a sticker: ‘NOW WITH GUESTS!’
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: +++ Soon I might even grow
dialog: accustomed to the storm of car
text: horns and vendors.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, CENTRAL JAIPUR - DAY 50
text: The main road in Jaipur is chaotically busy. Crowds,
text: bikes, cows, dust, noise, and laughter.
text: Sonny's battered old car has broken down. Madge is in the
text: front seat, Douglas and Jean in the back.
text: Sonny is aiming a couple of kicks at the engine.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: Can there be anywhere else in the
dialog: world that is such an assault on
dialog: the senses?
scene_heading: EXT/INT. PUBLIC RECORDS OFFICE, JAIPUR - DAY 51
text: An office out of a Kafka novel; cloth bags containing files
text: are piled all around the room, floor to ceiling.
text: Graham is seated at a desk, in front of a sober official.
text: He is filling in a form.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0O.)
dialog: Those who know the country of old
dialog: just go about their business.
dialog: But nothing can prepare the
dialog: uninitiated for this riot of
dialog: noise and colour ...
speaker_heading: 51A
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 32.
scene_heading: EXT. JANTAR MANTAR OBSERVATORY. JAIPUR - DAY S1A
text: Norman seems less interested in the astonishing geometric
dialog: devices of the ancient observatory than in the female
dialog: tourists who have come to see them...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, CENTRAL JAIPUR - DAY 52
text: The chaos and din of the street is even more mind-boggling.
text: Madge now has the bonnet up, and is studying the engine.
text: Douglas stands in the street, staring in wonderment around
text: Inside the car, Jean looks utterly traumatized, shrinking
text: lower in her seat as a horde of kids swarm at the windows,
text: shouting, wheedling, gesticulating. Sonny does his best to
dialog: wave them away.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0O.)
dialog: ++. for the heat, the motion, the
text: perpetual teeming crowds. Sonny
dialog: is conducting his own personal
dialog: assault on our senses ...
scene_heading: INT. UPPER COURTYARD, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 53
text: The guests look on with trepidation, as another meal is
text: laid before them.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: +». with the flow of exotic
dialog: dishes he demands daily from the
dialog: kitchen. Mooli Moong Dal.
dialog: Baghara Baingan. Banjari Gosht.
dialog: Paneer Methi Chaman ...
text: As the list unfolds, the guests, one by one, enter their
text: bathrooms; a litany of doors closing ...
dialog: Until Norman.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.) (cont‘d)
dialog: Mutton Vindaloo ...
text: Norman lies on his bed, reading the Kama Sutra.
text: He spins the book round, in order to study an illustration
text: more intently.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, JAIPUR - DAY 54
dialog: The hospital puts the NHS to shame. It’s hi-tech, bright,
dialog: and spanking clean.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 33.
text: Sonny pushes Muriel through the doors of the lobby. The
text: reception area is a forest of dark skin. Muriel is rigid
dialog: with fear.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: Initially you’re overwhelmed.
dialog: But gradually you realise: it’s
dialog: like a wave. Resist, and you'll
dialog: be knocked over ...
text: Sonny is in discussion with some doctors.
text: Then he turns to see that Muriel has vanished. Through the
text: window Muriel can be seen frantically wheeling herself away
dialog: down the path...
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0O.) (cont’d)
dialog: Dive into it, and you'll swim out
text: the other side.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. STREET/ROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 55
text: Madge is exchanging some coins with a street trader in
dialog: return for a mobile phone.
text: In her room, Madge scans a phone directory, and dials a
dialog: number.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0O.)
dialog: This ig a new and different
dialog: world.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S ROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 56
text: Evelyn is finishing her blog. She picks up the paper,
dialog: checks something.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0O.)
dialog: The challenge is to cope with it.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 57
text: Evelyn is coming down the path to the gate.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: And not just cope ... but thrive.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, JAIPUR - DAY 58
text: Evelyn is walking down a rough street on the outskirts of
text: the city. Kids are everywhere, laughing, shouting, doing
text: tricks, begging.
text: Evelyn approaches them, holding up a piece of paper.
dialog: 59
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 34.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Please, can anyone direct me to
dialog: this address?
text: Evelyn’s piece of paper gets passed around: none of the
text: kids can read. An older boy finally points. Suddenly
dialog: there's lots of pointing.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you.
text: She goes to move, but the kids are still all around her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont'd)
dialog: I’m sorry, I don’t ... I don’t
dialog: really have much ...
text: She gives them the contents of her pockets.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont’d)
dialog: Alright? Alright now? Goodbye.
text: She starts to walk, is surprised that the entire posse of
text: kids walks with her. In fact, the group seems to be
text: growing exponentially. She looks like the Pied Piper.
scene_heading: INT. DOUGLAS AND JEAN‘’S ROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 59
text: Douglas is getting ready to go out. Jean clearly isn't.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Graham was talking about this
dialog: marvellous temple. I thought you
dialog: might want to come with me.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I’m your wife. Have we met?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: You'd really rather stay here all
dialog: day?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Given the alternative, yes.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS,
dialog: When I walk out in the morning,
text: the street kids all smile at me.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Because you give them money.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: One does this trick where he
text: holds his hands out in front of
text: himself, and then swings through
dialog: his own arms. Got to be worth a
dialog: rupee or two.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 34A.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont'd)
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I’11 go on my own then.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: 61A
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 35.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAND POLE STREET. JAIPUR - DAY 60
text: The road is absolutely rammed; with cars, bikes and
text: rickshaws. All honking horns, all seemingly headed in
dialog: different directions.
text: Evelyn has somehow made it to the central reservation. She
text: takes a deep breath, and plunges into the maze of traffic,
text: heading for the other side.
scene_heading: EXT. RICKSHAW. SUBURBAN ROAD, JAIPUR - DAY 61
text: Graham is in a rickshaw. The rickshaw driver, PRAVESH, is
text: driving it through a neighborhood in transition. Skeletal
text: structures of a new India rise above the houses.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING SITE/STREET. JAIPUR - DAY 61A
text: Some kids playing cricket.
text: The rickshaw weaves its way through them and comes to a
dialog: halt.
text: Graham gets out, and stands in the street, dwarfed by a
text: huge modern building, some months away from completion.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: This can’t be right, surely?
speaker_heading: PRAVESH
dialog: I am thinking so, saab.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: But there were houses all along
dialog: here ... these were homes.
speaker_heading: PRAVESH
dialog: I can take you some other
dialog: place..?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: No. That’ll do for now. Thank
dialog: you.
text: He hands over some money, and Pravesh pedals away.
text: Graham turns to look at the boys playing cricket. One of
text: them, SANJAY, is batting.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont'd)
dialog: Excuse me. There used to be
dialog: houses here ...
speaker_heading: SANJAY
text: All knocked down.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: And the people? The families?
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 36.
speaker_heading: SANJAY
dialog: They move.
text: Graham nods, turns to look at the giant structure that has
text: taken over, then turns back.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Don't grip so tightly with your
dialog: right hand.
text: Sanjay looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont'd)
text: On the bat. The right is just a
dialog: guide. Keep your left elbow
dialog: high, play down the line of your
dialog: arm, and then you'll hit through
dialog: the ball ..
text: Sanjay looks at him, squinting in the sun.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. HOSPITAL - DAY 62
text: Ajit is wheeling Muriel through the hospital.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: When can I go back to England?
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: As soon as you can walk onto the
dialog: plane. How does the hip feel?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: They must have got lucky.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: It’s strange. I think the more
dialog: operations they perform, the
dialog: luckier they get.
text: He glances down at Muriel, who betrays no sign of getting
dialog: Ajit’s joke.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET. BACK STREETS - DAY 63
text: Evelyn is still searching for the right address. She's
text: turned off the main road, and is heading down a narrow side
text: streets. The city has become denser, and the walls seem to
dialog: have closed in.
text: She pushes her way through the crowded market.
speaker_heading: 63A
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 37.
scene_heading: EXT. PASSAGE/COURTYARD - DAY 63A
text: Uncertain, Evelyn turns down a narrow alley, and suddenly
text: finds herself in an enclosed courtyard strewn with
text: makeshift washing lines. The atmosphere is faintly
dialog: threatening.
text: As she tries to find her way out, she becomes aware that
text: she is being watched: the walls are full of doorways, and
text: people have come out to stare at her. She has stumbled
dialog: into their home.
text: Evelyn tries to suppress her panic, turning from one face
dialog: to another.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m so sorry. I didn’t realise -
text: She backs into a kind of flatbed trolley, piled high with
text: cooking utensils, which clatter noisily to the ground. She
text: goes to pick them up.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont’'d)
dialog: Oh, I’m dreadfully sorry...
text: A man is staring at her: SURESH.
speaker_heading: SURESH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont'd)
dialog: I’m sorry, I’m just trying to get
dialog: to this address.
speaker_heading: SURESH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Do you understand me? Can you
dialog: help me find this place?
speaker_heading: SURESH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Is that yes you understand, or
dialog: yes you can help me?
speaker_heading: SURESH
dialog: Yes.
text: Some of the children who have gathered laugh at this, and
text: the tension is broken slightly.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Let’s go with both, shall we?
speaker_heading: 63B
dialog: 64
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 38.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. JAIPUR - DAY 63B
text: Suresh‘s flatbed trike is rolling down the street, piled
text: impossibly high with bundles of brightly-coloured textiles.
text: On the back, enthroned in the fabric, is Evelyn.
scene_heading: EXT. WASTELAND - DAY 64
dialog: Graham is playing cricket with the teenagers. He’s good,
text: too. He whacks a ball off into the distance.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (triumphant)
dialog: YES!
text: A boy runs off to fetch the ball. Graham half-runs, half-
text: walks to the other end, then turns for a second run,
text: breathing heavily. Then walks back to the crease, gets
text: ready for the next delivery.
text: It’s hot and he’s tired, but he hasn’t felt this good for
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: SANJAY
dialog: Give me the ball. I can take
dialog: him.
text: He turns cheerily to Graham.
speaker_heading: SANJAY (cont'd)
dialog: Down is where you're going,
dialog: Uncle.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Come on. Do your worst.
text: They’re both enjoying the banter, as Sanjay heads back to
text: the beginning of his run-up, then turns and sprints in to
text: As Graham watches Sanjay running towards him, Sanjay seems
text: to slow, his movements becoming sluggish, never seeming to
text: reach the crease. He looks at the faces of the other boys,
text: frozen, waiting. The ball seems to take forever to leave
text: Sanjay’s hand.
text: Graham steps back, completely fails to play a stroke, and
dialog: is bowled.
speaker_heading: SANJAY
dialog: That's what I’m talking about! I
dialog: felt the need, the need for -
text: Graham still hasn‘t moved.
speaker_heading: SANJAY (cont'd)
dialog: Are you alright, Uncle?
text: Graham finds his voice at last.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 39.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. Yes, I'm fine.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/CALL CENTRE BUILDING - DAY 65
text: Suresh brakes, stops outside a glass-clad high-rise
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: SURESH
dialog: Yes.
text: Suresh helps Evelyn down off the back.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SURESH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This is it?
speaker_heading: SURESH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Then thank you. You’re very
dialog: kind.
speaker_heading: SURESH
dialog: Yes.
text: He rides off. Evelyn looks nervously up at the building.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS ROOM. CALL CENTRE - DAY 66
text: A brightly-lit open plan office on a high floor of the
text: building. The city sprawls magnificently below.
text: Partitions divide off the cubicles. Within them sit rows
text: of workers, all early 20’s, all with headsets clamped to
text: their ears. As chaotic as the streets of Jaipur are, this
text: place is immaculate, controlled and efficient.
text: We hear snatches of what they’re saying.
speaker_heading: TELEMARKETERS
dialog: Thank you for talking to us today
dialog: «+. We do appreciate your call
dialog: ++. While I have you on the
dialog: phone, can I talk to you about
dialog: our special offers ... your call
dialog: is important to us ... now is
dialog: there anything else I can help
dialog: you with ... shouldn’t take more
dialog: than five minutes ... your custom
dialog: is valuable to us ...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 39A.
speaker_heading: TELEMARKETERS (cont'd)
dialog: I'm afraid I’1l have to refer
dialog: that to my supervisor ... just a
dialog: routine security check before we
dialog: start ... Thank you for talking
dialog: to us today ....
text: Through a glass partition, Evelyn can be seen sitting at a
text: desk, talking to someone.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 40.
scene_heading: 67 INT. SUPERVISOR'S OFFICE. CALL CENTRE -
text: JAY (late 20’s) is talking to Evelyn.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You’re sure I can’t offer you
dialog: something? We have English
dialog: Breakfast Tea. Building Tea, as
dialog: you call it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Builder's tea. It’s called
dialog: builder’s tea. And no, I’m fine.
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Tell me then. How can I help
dialog: you?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don’t think you can. I’m
dialog: sorry, I shouldn’t have come.
text: She stands.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Wait -
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I saw your advertisement in the
dialog: local paper, and it specifically
dialog: mentioned the ability to talk to
dialog: older people. But this is not
dialog: what I imagined ...
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You came for a job?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I've wasted your time.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Mrs Greenslade. Everyone working
dialog: here is a graduate of a good
dialog: university. This is a place for
dialog: ambitious people. Young people.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I see that. Good day.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Please. One second.
text: Evelyn stops.
speaker_heading: JAY (cont'd)
dialog: It is really builder's tea?
speaker_heading: DAY 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 41.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes. We dunk biscuits into it.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: You dunk?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It means lowering a biscuit into
dialog: your tea, letting it soak in
text: there, then trying to calculate
dialog: the exact moment just before it
text: dissolves to whip it up to the
dialog: mouth, and enjoy the blissful
dialog: union of biscuit and tea
dialog: combined.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s more relaxing than it
dialog: sounds.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Perhaps you can help us after
dialog: all.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS ROOM. CALL CENTRE - DAY 68
text: A few minutes later. From the open-plan office Evelyn can
text: be seen talking to Jay.
text: One person watching is SUNAINA (20's). She’s talking on
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: We do appreciate your custom,
dialog: which is very important to us.
dialog: And can I draw your attention to
dialog: our special -
text: But the person at the other end has hung up. Sunaina
text: starts to dial another number.
text: Then the clock hits 11, and a buzzer sounds. Sunaina gets
text: up, heads for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. FORECOURT. CALL CENTRE - DAY 69
text: Dozens of motorcycles are parked in front of the building.
text: People are hanging around chatting and smoking.
text: Sonny arrives on his motorcycle, a bag of marigolds
text: strapped to the pillion seat.
text: Sunaina, who is with some friends, spots him, comes over.
text: She smiles as he pulls her to him.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: I get two breaks in eight hours.
dialog: Explain to me why I would want to
dialog: waste one of them with you -
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 42.
text: He kisses her. She kisses him back.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Leave this place. Come and work
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: You can‘t afford me.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I cannot afford anything.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Still tempting. I miss you. Am
dialog: I coming round tonight?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Let’s meet somewhere else. I
dialog: will rent a hotel room.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Sonny, you own a hotel. It has
dialog: many rooms.
speaker_heading: SONNY
text: Some of them now occupied. With
dialog: actual real guests.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Paying guests?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Why must you nitpick? It is not
dialog: an attractive quality.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: It isn’t?
text: They kiss again, start to make out a bit. Then ..
speaker_heading: JAY (0.S.)
dialog: Sunaina!
text: They turn to see Jay who has come out of the Call Centre.
speaker_heading: JAY (cont'd)
dialog: (calling, to Sonny)
dialog: You can let go of my sister now.
text: Break’s over.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Hello Jay.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Sonny boy.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Don‘t call me that.
text: Jay smiles, holds the door open for Sunaina.
dialog: 70
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 43.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Let’s go.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - EVENING 70
text: Jean is sitting in a chair, reading. Graham comes up the
dialog: path.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Good evening, Your Honour.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Mrs Ainslie. I hope you had a
dialog: good day. What did you get up
dialog: to?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Well, I started in my bedroom,
dialog: where I had a lovely couple of
dialog: hours giving all the cockroaches
text: names. Then after a lunch that
dialog: will long have a place in my
dialog: heartburn, I came out here ...
text: and stared blindly at a book
dialog: waiting for someone - anyone to
dialog: rescue me. And how glad I am it
dialog: was you.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Why would you not go out?
dialog: There’s so much to see.
dialog: Jean had hoped for some appreciation of her wit, and is
text: floored by his question. She can hardly understand, let
text: alone tell him, the depths of her discomfort.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont‘d)
dialog: Open your eyes, Mrs Ainslie. All
dialog: life is here, I tell you.
text: Jean stares at him. He goes on through the archway into
text: the hotel. Then stops.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont'd)
dialog: I could talk to the chef, if you
dialog: like. Perhaps get you some
text: grilled chicken, plain rice.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I would appreciate that very
dialog: much.
text: Graham goes on in. Jean just sits there. Wishing he’d
dialog: come back out again.
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 44.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE. MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 7
text: Muriel is back. She’s in her chair, on the terrace outside
dialog: her room.
text: A young hotel worker, ANOKHI, brings out a tray of food to
dialog: her.
text: Muriel watches her, but Anokhi is deferential, won't meet
text: Muriel’s eyes. She puts the tray down and leaves.
text: Muriel just sits there, glaring balefully into the night,
text: the untouched tray of food by her side.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER COURTYARD - NIGHT 72
text: Evelyn comes into the dining area. Graham is there, at a
text: table in the corner.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Good evening.
text: Evelyn sits at her table.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont’d)
dialog: I trust you had a good day?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I‘d rather hear about yours.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I got a job. My first. Ever.
dialog: I’m going to be a sort of
dialog: cultural advisor.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: A role I'm sure you’ll perform
dialog: with great distinction.
text: He’s about to inquire further, when Evelyn sees Douglas and
text: Jean emerge from their room.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Perhaps if you wouldn’t mind
dialog: keeping that news to yourself.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I’m flattered you shared it with
dialog: me.
text: He turns to greet the new arrivals.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont’d)
dialog: Good evening, the Ainslies.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 45.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Have you had a good day?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Spectacular.
dialog: (to Graham)
dialog: I went to the temple you told me
text: about. A place of meditation and
text: peace, quite stunning.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: So spiritual, I bet you hardly
dialog: noticed the smell of elephant
dialog: dung.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
text: No elephants, sadly. Still none.
dialog: (to Graham)
dialog: I thought I might see you there.
dialog: Where did you get to instead?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Yes, where do you get to every
dialog: day?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, I’ve just finished telling
dialog: Mrs Greenslade all about it.
text: Evelyn registers the lie, but says nothing.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I’m sure she wouldn’t mind
text: hearing it again.
text: She waits. But Graham is as elusive as he is tactful.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I talked to the chef for you. He
dialog: said it will be no problem.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Did you hear that, Douglas?
text: Plain grilled food; manna from
dialog: heaven.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I don’t have to have it too, do
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (to Graham)
dialog: I don’t know how to thank you.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: (to Evelyn)
dialog: You really should see this
dialog: temple.
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 46.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I‘d like that very much.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: But maybe take a clothes peg for
dialog: your nose.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD/UPPER VERANDAH, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 73
text: Graham and Evelyn emerge through the arch heading for their
dialog: rooms.
text: Graham starts down the stairs.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Goodnight.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Goodnight to you.
text: He seems about to say something else. She waits for a
text: moment, then walks on.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont'd)
dialog: Mrs Greenslade?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Evelyn.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Can I show you something?
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM'S ROOM - NIGHT 74
text: Moments later. Evelyn is sitting in front of Graham’'s
dialog: collage.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I grew up here. Just a short
dialog: drive away. It was a big house,
dialog: and we had servants, everyone
dialog: did. We knew their wives, their
dialog: children. One boy, Manoj, became
dialog: my friend. We played a lot of
dialog: cricket together, played anything
dialog: we could. And that’s how it
dialog: stayed for years. Until one
dialog: night, he became something more.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We had a few months, we had that.
dialog: There was a weekend in Udaipur,
dialog: we sat by a lake and watched the
dialog: sun go down, and I remember
dialog: thinking ... I will never be this
dialog: happy again. And I was right.
dialog: Because quite suddenly it was
dialog: over. We'd fallen asleep, and
dialog: they found us.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: 75A
dialog: 76
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 47.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont'd)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: For me it was bad enough. But I
dialog: already knew who I was, and I
dialog: think my family had guessed. For
dialog: Manoj, the disgrace was absolute;
dialog: a double taboo. His father was
dialog: fired, they were sent away, all
dialog: of them. I don’t know what I
dialog: could’ve done, but it should've
dialog: been more than nothing. I put up
dialog: no fight. I let it happen.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Soon afterwards I went to
dialog: England, to University. I always
dialog: told myself I’d come back. But I
dialog: never did.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Until now.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: And now I think .. what if I am
dialog: the last person on earth he wants
dialog: to see?
text: Evelyn says nothing.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont'd)
dialog: I don’t think I can go through
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Do you want to see him again?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. Yes. Oh yes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Then you must.
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPLE/STREET. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 75
text: As the bell tolls, the faithful arrive at the temple for
dialog: morning prayers.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER VERANDAH/SERVANTS COURTYARD - DAY 75A
text: Evelyn stands outside her room, listening to the bells,
text: sipping a cup of tea, pensive. She looks down into a
text: dilapidated part of the building, where the staff are
text: housed. Women in bright saris go about their business.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. MURIEL’S ROOM/VERANDAH, MARIGOLD HOTEL ~ DAY 76
text: From her wheelchair, Muriel is re-making her bed. She
text: tucks in a perfect hospital corner.
dialog: 77
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 48.
text: She looks up. Anokhi is on the verandah, replacing her
text: untouched supper tray with breakfast. Anokhi is about to
text: leave, but stops.
text: Then she goes to fetch Muriel’s jar of pickle from the
text: windowsill, and places it on the table.
text: Muriel watches, then wheels herself outside, looks at the
dialog: tray.
text: From outside, Sonny’s voice can be heard.
speaker_heading: SONNY (0.8.)
dialog: And so now that we are fully
dialog: operational, Mr Maruthi, it is
dialog: clear that with a small injection
dialog: of funds for the Phase Two
dialog: Development ...
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN/COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 77
text: Brimming with confidence, Sonny is walking a wealthy
text: investor, MR MARUTHI, around the grounds. Some builders
text: are dismantling scaffolding.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: «+. the Best Exotic Marigold
text: Hotel can rise like a phoenix to
dialog: its previous state of glory. And
dialog: when I say small injection, I
dialog: mean small in the sense of medium-
text: sized. Possibly larger.
speaker_heading: MR MARUTHI
dialog: This hotel was never glorious.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Just the phoenix part then.
speaker_heading: MR MARUTHI
dialog: How many rooms will there be?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Many.
speaker_heading: MR MARUTHI
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: A great amount. Plenty of rooms,
dialog: no question.
text: They’ve arrived in the courtyard.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont‘d)
dialog: I am not a details man, Mr
dialog: Maruthi.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 49,
speaker_heading: MR MARUTHI
dialog: Nor was your father.
text: They see Muriel on her verandah.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mr Maruthi, I present to you one
dialog: of our beloved guests. Dear Mrs
dialog: Donnelly, please describe in as
dialog: much detail as you desire your
dialog: experience of the ambience and
dialog: atmosphere of the Best Exotic
dialog: Marigold Hotel.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Kill me. Kill me now.
text: Sonny steers Mr Maruthi towards the reception, speaks
dialog: quietly.
speaker_heading: SONNY
text: The wheel is spinning. But the
text: hamster is dead.
text: He stops, as he sees an elegant older woman standing in the
text: doorway. This is the redoubtable MRS KAPOOR.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont’d)
dialog: Mummyji! What are you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: You called. I came.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I couldn’t have called. The
dialog: phones don’t work.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: That’s why I came.
scene_heading: 78 INT. SONNY’S OFFICE. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 78
text: Moments later. Sonny closes the door behind him.
text: His mother starts going through the contents of his desk.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Who was that man out there?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The contents of this desk are
dialog: mine. Don’t open the drawers. I
dialog: must insist you don’t open the
dialog: drawer.
text: Mrs Kapoor opens the drawer.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 50.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont’d)
dialog: Tell me why you have come.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Do I need a reason to visit my
dialog: favourite son?
speaker_heading: SONNY
text: No. He is in his mansion in
dialog: Delhi.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: My second favourite.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: He went to Kerala to make his
dialog: fortune.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: But make it, he did.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: As I will make mine. I have a
dialog: dream, Mummyji. A most brilliant
dialog: one: to out-source old age. And
dialog: not just for the British. There
dialog: are many other countries where
dialog: they don’t like old people too.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Your brothers own a third of the
dialog: hotel each, they are entitled to
dialog: a third of the profits.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Success does not happen
dialog: overnight, Mummyji. This is blue
dialog: sky thinking, and it requires
dialog: long-term strategy and patience.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: How is your girlfriend?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I look forward to you meeting
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: And I look forward to you meeting
dialog: the woman you will marry. She is
dialog: from a good family in Delhi.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I can marry as I choose, Mummyji.
dialog: I need no permission.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: I presume it is your girlfriend
dialog: who teaches you such nonsense.
dialog: One reason not to marry her.
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 51.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: What if I love her?
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: An even better reason. Now send
dialog: Young Wasim to the car for my
dialog: luggage.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: He cannot carry, he has a dicky
dialog: back ... wait, your luggage? How
dialog: long are you staying?
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: As long as it takes.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM. DOUGLAS AND JEAN'S. MARIGOLD HOTEL - 79
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Jean is looking out of her bathroom window, down into the
dialog: courtyard.
text: She sees Graham come out of his room. She turns back to
text: the mirror, looks at herself.
scene_heading: EXT. MURIEL’S TERRACE. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 80
text: Near to Muriel, Anokhi is sweeping the floor.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: You won't get the dirt out like
dialog: that.
text: Anokhi just smiles at her radiantly.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont'd)
dialog: I worked in service for years,
dialog: looked after a lovely house. I
dialog: kept it spotless. You need a bit
dialog: more pressure on that brush.
text: Graham walks past, on his way out.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: She won't speak English. She’s
dialog: what used to be called an
dialog: Untouchable. An outcast, born
dialog: below society. To a good Hindu,
text: even her shadow is polluted.
text: He greets Anokhi in Hindi, and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Where d’you go every day? Is it
dialog: a woman? Nip round there for a
dialog: curry and a bit of afters?
dialog: 81
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 52.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I don’t think so. I’m gay.
dialog: Although nowadays more in theory
dialog: than practice. Good day.
text: He leaves. A moment later, Jean comes rushing out.
text: Immediately she realises two things; first, that Graham has
text: already gone. And second, that Muriel is watching her.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Good morning.
text: Muriel says nothing.
speaker_heading: JEAN (cont'd)
dialog: Lovely day.
text: Still nothing from Muriel.
speaker_heading: JEAN (cont'd)
dialog: Lovely.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Lovely.
text: She turns and goes back in.
text: Muriel thinks for a while, then turns to Anokhi.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Long old life, isn’t it?
scene_heading: EXT. VICEROY CLUB - DAY 81
text: A classic colonial building, straight out of the English
dialog: Raj.
text: Madge is being shown around by an elderly secretary, MR
speaker_heading: DHARUNA.
speaker_heading: MR DHARUNA
dialog: The Viceroy Club was opened by
dialog: the great Lord Kitchener himself,
dialog: and many of the fixtures have
dialog: remained unchanged since then.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Yes, I see that. Perhaps you
dialog: could tell me a little about the
dialog: clientele? Any maharajahs?
dialog: Wealthy widowed land-owners?
speaker_heading: MR DHARUNA
dialog: It ig not the policy of this club
dialog: to divulge details of our
dialog: members.
text: They go past a very handsome older Indian man. Who
dialog: radiates wealth and privilege.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 53.
speaker_heading: MR DHARUNA (cont'd)
dialog: Good morning, Your Excellency.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Where do I sign up?
speaker_heading: MR DHARUNA
dialog: The admission fee is 120,000
dialog: rupees, and thereafter 15,000
dialog: rupees each month.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: I wonder if I might get a little
dialog: discount. Owing to my status.
speaker_heading: MR DHARUNA
dialog: Your status, madam?
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Yes. One was rather hoping to
text: fly under the radar, but one is a
dialog: member of the Royal Family.
speaker_heading: MR DHARUNA
dialog: Which member, madam?
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: I’m Princess Margaret.
speaker_heading: MR DHARUNA
dialog: (bowing slightly)
dialog: It is most surely an honour to
dialog: meet you. And may I say how well
dialog: you look. Especially taking into
dialog: account that you died nine years
dialog: ago.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Your real name please, madam.
dialog: And 120,000 rupees.
scene_heading: 82 INT. PUBLIC RECORDS OFFICE - DAY 82
text: Graham comes into the chaotic office.
text: The bookish official, MR CHIDAMBRAM, is behind the desk.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: MR CHIDAMBRAM
dialog: Good morning, Sir. Did I not say
dialog: that we will contact you when
dialog: there is information regarding
dialog: your inquiry?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes, you did say that. You did.
dialog: 83
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11
speaker_heading: MR CHIDAMBRAM
dialog: While it is most pleasant to see
dialog: you, your presence does not
dialog: actually accelerate our
dialog: investigation.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I‘ll try not to come in tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MR CHIDAMBRAM
dialog: I expect I will see you then.
scene_heading: INT. CALL CENTRE - DAY
dialog: 54.
dialog: 83
text: None of the operators are on the phone. Instead they are
text: sitting in a semi-circle, looking curiously at Evelyn. Who
text: is sitting next to Jay, a little daunted by the attention.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: +..You ring in the morning.
dialog: Let’s assume the person answering
dialog: will be a woman. She will have
dialog: had her breakfast. Tea or
dialog: coffee. Semi-skimmed milk,
dialog: always. If she’s under 50 she’1ll
dialog: be contemplating yet another
dialog: diet, over 50 she’ll have more or
dialog: less given up, and be eating
text: toast. The radio may be playing,
dialog: or more likely daytime TV. A
dialog: chat show, or a programme with a
text: moderator speaking to a panel of
dialog: young women whose boyfriends have
dialog: all slept with their mothers.
dialog: The girlfriends’ mothers, I mean,
dialog: not their own. Although ...
dialog: Anyway, then the boyfriends
dialog: usually come out, and everybody
dialog: fights.
text: Sunaina is in the audience. She calls out.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: I’m not surprised people hang up
dialog: on us.
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That’s the point. When the phone
dialog: rings and it’s this robot ...
dialog: nobody wants a machine, but it’s
dialog: almost worse when it’s a person
dialog: behaving like one. All these
dialog: sales cliches just strung
dialog: together. ‘Your call is
dialog: important to us’. Is it? Well
dialog: then sound like it.
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 55.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: ‘Your custom is valuable’.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Right. That one. Don’t ever say
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: ‘Service is our middle name’.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes, when your middle name is
dialog: actually ...
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Shantanu.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Which is beautiful. You people
dialog: are young, vibrant, real. I’m
dialog: sure the typical housewife would
dialog: enjoy talking to each and every
dialog: one of you.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Her morning sounds like fun.
dialog: What are you doing here?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I suppose I'm not typical
dialog: anymore.
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: Is that the sort of thing?
scene_heading: INT. MADGE’S ROOM - EVENING 84
text: Madge is at her mirror, doing her make-up with great care.
text: She looks beautiful.
scene_heading: EXT. VICEROY CLUB BAR - EVENING 85
text: Madge walks up the gravel path towards the magnificent
text: building. She’s superbly dressed, looks great. She goes
text: up to the BARMAN.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Excuse me. Would there be any
dialog: wealthy single men in tonight?
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: There is one.
text: Madge puts some money into his breast pocket.
dialog: 86
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 56.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Perhaps you could seat me next to
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: This way, madam.
text: He leads her along across the terrace. Madge follows,
text: checking her hair, her breath, etc.
text: The barman reaches an ornate suite of furniture. There's
text: someone sitting there, his back to us, an elegant arm
text: draped over the side of the chair.
speaker_heading: BARMAN (cont'd)
dialog: His Royal Highness Prince Michael
dialog: of Kent.
text: The man rises from his chair and turns. And Madge is left
text: staring at Norman.
text: There’s a pause. Then Madge reaches into the barman’s
text: breast pocket, and removes her money.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: I‘1l have that back, thank you
dialog: very much.
scene_heading: EXT. MARIGOLD HOTEL - EVENING 86
text: Graham comes through the courtyard, heads for his room.
text: Muriel is on her verandah.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Good evening.
text: Muriel nods at him, and he goes on into his room.
text: A moment later, Jean sits down next to Muriel.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You know where he goes. I know
dialog: you know. But you won’t tell me.
text: Muriel says nothing.
speaker_heading: JEAN (cont'd)
dialog: I can get Hobnobs out here, you
dialog: know. I know a way.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: As many as you want. Milk or
dialog: plain.
dialog: Long pause.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Public Records Office.
dialog: 87
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 57.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. WELL - EVENING 87
text: A huge construction, centuries old, with a series of steps
text: reaching down deep into the earth, so people can climb down
dialog: to get their water.
text: Young couples sit on the steps in the evening heat, boys
text: leap into the water.
text: Sonny and Sunaina are watching the swimmers.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: My father used to bring me to
dialog: this well to swim. He said the
dialog: water was better, and so were the
dialog: people we would meet.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He would have liked you so much.
text: Sunaina smiles at this.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont‘d)
dialog: My mother doesn’t want us to be
dialog: married.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: She hasn’t met me yet.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: She doesn’t need to meet you .
text: Sunaina absorbs this.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont‘d)
dialog: She knows you are not from Delhi.
dialog: That you have no family money,
dialog: and work in a call centre. You
dialog: are a part of a new India she
dialog: cannot welcome.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Isn’t this where you tell her
dialog: what you want?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: That conversation will be easier
dialog: when the hotel is a success.
speaker_heading: SUNANINA
dialog: Do you love me?
dialog: 88
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 58.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I have found a new investor. I
dialog: am most optimistic that he will
dialog: enable us to move forward with
dialog: Phase Two of the Marigold Hotel
dialog: Project
speaker_heading: SUNANINA
dialog: Shouldn't you finish Phase One
dialog: first?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: In business, if you stand still,
dialog: you move backwards. No, I have
dialog: that wrong. If you stand still,
dialog: you are overtaken by people going
dialog: the other way. Wait -
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: You didn’t answer the question.
dialog: Do you love me?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: My feelings for you cannot be
text: reduced to a single word.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: It’s a nice word, Sonny. And
dialog: people like hearing it.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Sunaina, please. My mother is
dialog: wrong. It is you who are too good
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: SUNANINA
dialog: You say that a lot. You
dialog: shouldn’t I’1l start to believe
dialog: you.
text: They watch the boys in the water.
scene_heading: INT. VICEROY CLUB BAR - NIGHT 88
text: Madge and Norman are sitting together. Norman is looking
text: across at the bar, where an attractive older ex-pat lady is
text: sitting, thus far resisting Norman's attempts to catch her
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I still think you’re cramping my
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Please. You have no style to
dialog: cramp.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 58A.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That lady at the bar keeps
dialog: looking at me.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: As one would something in a
dialog: museum.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Why must you mock? I just want
dialog: to feel young again, to be needed
dialog: as much as I need, if only for
dialog: one night, one wonderful night.
dialog: Tell me you don’t know how that
dialog: feels.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 59.
dialog: Silence for a bit.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Give me a minute. Then join us.
text: She gets up, heads towards the bar. Where she sits a
text: couple of seats away from the woman. Who is called CAROL.
text: She sits there a moment, then sighs, and starts to talk to
dialog: the barman.
speaker_heading: MADGE (cont‘d)
dialog: Rejected again. Many years ago,
dialog: that man over there gave me the
dialog: most extraordinary night of my
dialog: life. He may seem coarse and
dialog: uncouth, but that only disguises
dialog: a tenderness and an exquisite
dialog: sensitivity to a woman's needs
text: Norman arrives at the bar.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Those drinks not ready yet?
text: Madge turns to Carol.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: They say patience is passion
dialog: tamed.
text: Carol smiles.
speaker_heading: MADGE (cont'd)
dialog: I’m Madge.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Carol.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: And this ... is Norman.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Carol? As in Christmas?
text: Madge winces.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I suppose.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Great.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 60.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: So what brings you to Jaipur,
dialog: Carol?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes, Carol. What brings you to
dialog: Jaipur?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I run a small boutique travel
dialog: agency. But I’ve actually lived
dialog: here all my life. My father
dialog: worked in the Foreign Office.
dialog: Another silence.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You're very fit.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Oh god.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I mean you look like you keep
dialog: yourself in shape. Physically.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Well, I did join a gym last year.
dialog: It cost a fortune, and I didn’t
dialog: get any fitter. Apparently you
dialog: have to actually go.
text: Madge laughs. Norman doesn’t. Then realizes that it was a
text: joke, lets out a too-loud bray of laughter.
speaker_heading: CAROL (cont‘d)
dialog: And so what do you do, Norman?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Oh. I'm...
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Norman's in business.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 61.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What business?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (to Madge)
dialog: You tell her.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Import-Export.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Although these days there's
dialog: rather more Ex- than Im-, if you
dialog: see what I mean.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I’m afraid I don’t.
text: Madge gets up.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: I have to splash some water on my
dialog: face. Please God I drown in it.
text: She heads for the bathroom.
text: Norman and Carol share another silence.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Well look, it’s been lovely
dialog: chatting.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No it hasn’t.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: No. It hasn’t. But I really
dialog: must —
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Carol?
text: She was about to go, stops.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (cont’d)
dialog: Can we drop all this pretence?
dialog: And start again? I’m not
dialog: charming. I‘m not good at
dialog: repartee. And I’m not a
dialog: plutocrat with the sexual
dialog: capacity of a rutting rhino. My
dialog: name is Norman. And I'm lonely.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: My name is Carol. So am I.
scene_heading: 89 INT. VICEROY CLUB BAR - NIGHT 89
text: Minutes later. Madge comes out of the bathroom.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 62.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: Day 22. Like Darwin's finches,
dialog: we are slowly adapting to our
dialog: environment. And when one does
dialog: adapt, my god, the riches that
dialog: are available.
text: Madge looks across the bar. And is startled to see Norman
text: and Carol chatting up a storm, laughing together.
text: As she watches, Norman orders more drinks, then turns
text: smiling back to his new friend.
text: Madge walks slowly out of the bar, and into the night.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S ROOM. MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 90
text: Evelyn is at her computer, typing.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: There is no past that we can
dialog: bring back by longing for it ...
scene_heading: EXT. PATH/GARDEN. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 91
text: Ajit is pushing Muriel down to the gate for her morning
dialog: constitutional.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: ++. only a present that builds
dialog: and creates itself as the past
dialog: withdraws ...
scene_heading: INT. SUPERVISOR’S OFFICE. CALL CENTRE - DAY 92
text: Jay is counting out cash into Evelyn’s hand; her first
dialog: paycheck.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And India, like so many things in
dialog: life, like life itself I suppose,
dialog: is about what you bring to it.
scene_heading: EXT. JAIPUR STREET - DAY 93
text: Ajit is pushing Muriel through a poor neighborhood. Muriel
text: is looking left and right, astounded by the life she sees.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Where's this? Where are we?
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: Janta Colony Kachi Basti.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: What happened to my usual route?
dialog: 94
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 63.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: Anokhi has invited you to her
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: You didn’t tell me.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: You'd have said no.
scene_heading: INT. DOUGLAS AND JEAN’S ROOM. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 94
text: Jean is sitting, reading a book.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Will you check in at the bank?
text: Douglas emerges from the bathroom.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS,
dialog: I checked yesterday. And the day
dialog: before. As requested.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Will you be staying in again?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Why do you ask that every
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Because I hope for a different
dialog: answer. Because I think you’1l
dialog: be hurt if I don’t. And because
dialog: it's not healthy for you to spend
dialog: all day and every day in the
text: confines of the hotel.
text: He goes back into the bathroom. Jean changes the subject.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I didn’t sleep a wink. The tap
dialog: in there never stops dripping.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (0.S.)
dialog: I talked to Young Wasim about it.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (0.S.)
dialog: No idea. It was in Hindi.
text: Douglas comes out of the bathroom, holding the tap.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont’d)
dialog: I thought I might get it fixed
dialog: myself.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 63A.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You? When?
dialog: 95
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 64.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: No time like the present.
dialog: Actually I say that, but I
dialog: enjoyed yesterday, and I'm
dialog: optimistic about tomorrow too.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I wish I could say the same.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS.
dialog: So do I.
dialog: He goes.
text: Jean sits for a while, looking utterly disconsolate and
text: lost. Then she gets up, goes over to the balcony.
text: Down below she can see Graham leaving.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER COURTYARD - DAY 95
text: Madge is sitting on a chair. Norman arrives.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Your Madgesty.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: I gather the night went well.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Would you like to hear about it?
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Not in the least.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Good. Because you’re going to.
text: Two drinks, some sexually charged
dialog: banter -
text: Douglas comes out, carrying a tap. And heads out of the
text: archway.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Morning. Lovely day.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Good morning.
text: They watch him leave.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Two drinks, some sexually charged
dialog: banter, and we were heading back
text: to her place. Bidding the
dialog: rickshaw farewell, I walked her
text: to the door.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 65.
speaker_heading: NORMAN (cont'd)
dialog: And there, my young friend, I
dialog: leaned forward, and I kissed her.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: And what?
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Is that all? You didn’t seal the
dialog: deal?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: We have a date next week.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: What is wrong with you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I wanted to prolong the
dialog: anticipation. To spend some time
dialog: with the knowledge that soon I'm
dialog: going to eat, drink, and laugh
dialog: with someone, hold her to me,
dialog: kiss her softly. Then go back to
dialog: her place and get my end away.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. MARKET - DAY 96
text: The market is buzzing with commerce. Evelyn is at a stall
text: selling fabrics, talking to the vendor, AKRAM.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (holding up a pashmina)
dialog: How much for this, please Kitna
dialog: paise
speaker_heading: AKRAM
dialog: One thousand rupees Ek hazaar
dialog: rupia
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Thank you.
text: She reaches for her wallet. Then Douglas speaks from
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: No no, forgive me. That’s not
dialog: how it works.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 65A.
text: Evelyn turns, happy to see him.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 66.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: And to you. Sorry to butt in,
dialog: but you don’t ask him how much he
dialog: wants, you just tell him how much
dialog: you'll pay.
dialog: (to Akram)
dialog: She’ll give you two hundred.
dialog: Absolutely no more, final offer.
speaker_heading: AKRAM
dialog: One thousand rupees.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Pity.
dialog: (to Evelyn)
dialog: Now walk away. Walk away.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But -
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I know what I’m doing.
text: Evelyn complies, and they turn and walk away.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes. The thing is, you see, I
dialog: did actually want to buy that.
dialog: To brighten up my room.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: He’1ll come after us.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Do you think so?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Absolutely. This is how the game
dialog: is played. Just keep on walking.
text: They push through the crowds.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont’d)
dialog: He’s playing it cool, but he’1l
dialog: come.
text: They keep walking.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont‘d)
dialog: He's playing it very cool.
text: They keep walking. Then Douglas stops. Evelyn looks at
dialog: him.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: 98A
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 67.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont’d)
dialog: He’s not coming.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Moments later. They’re back at Akram’s stall. Evelyn
text: counts out the money.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Eight hundred and fifty, nine
dialog: hundred, nine hundred and fifty,
dialog: one thousand.
text: She turns to Douglas, smiles.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont'd)
dialog: You‘ll get him next time.
text: Then she notices something.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont'd)
dialog: Why are you carrying a tap?
scene_heading: INT. MARIGOLD HOTEL, DOUGLAS AND JEAN'S ROOM - DAY 97
text: Jean gives up on the sentence she has already read a
text: hundred times, and snaps her book shut. She stands, then
text: sits again.
text: Then stands.
scene_heading: EXT. SWEEPER COLONY - DAY 98
text: Ajit is now pushing Muriel through a poverty-stricken slum.
text: The people live on the streets, or in collapsing tin
text: shacks. Everywhere there is struggle and deprivation.
text: And yet the pervasive atmosphere is nowhere near as
dialog: depressing as we would expect. The colours are bright, the
text: smiles on the children's faces even brighter.
dialog: Not that Muriel can recognise the joy, of course. She’s
text: horrified by her surroundings. And acutely aware of the
text: stares of the slum-dwellers.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOKHI’S HUT - DAY 98A
text: A primitive brick and cement hut, one of the few amongst
text: dwellings made mostly from sticks and plastic bags.
text: A bunch of young kids are fascinated by Muriel’s
text: wheelchair, pushing it around and taking turns to sit on
dialog: it.
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 68.
scene_heading: INT. ANOKHI’S HUT - DAY 99
text: Muriel sits on the only chair.
text: Opposite - squashed together as if posing for a photograph -
dialog: are all the generations of Anokhi’s family: Anokhi herself,
text: her husband, mother, grandmother, and several children.
text: They all smile at Muriel.
text: A long pause. Then Muriel turns to Ajit.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: How soon can I leave?
scene_heading: INT/EXT. HARDWARE SHOP - DAY 100
text: Douglas is talking to JAMSHED, who works behind the
text: counter. Evelyn sits outside.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: You see what I think, and of
dialog: course I’m no expert, is that the
dialog: valve seat has eroded, so we’ll
dialog: need the washer changed and a new
dialog: seat re-ground.
text: Douglas glances back at Evelyn. Who betrays not the
text: slightest scepticism.
text: Jamshed studies the tap.
speaker_heading: JAMSHED
text: The gland nut has come away from
text: the spindle.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Well of course, it could be that
dialog: too. Can you fix it?
speaker_heading: JAMSHED
dialog: Not cheaply. Not cheaply. Most
dialog: expensively indeed.
text: Jamshed takes the tap to a workstation at the back, starts
text: to fiddle with it. Douglas joins Evelyn.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I was in a tuk-tuk the other day,
dialog: didn’t seem to be taking the
text: usual route back to the hotel.
dialog: It turned out that the driver had
dialog: decided to take me to another
dialog: hotel, that he was sure I would
dialog: prefer. And of course one wants
dialog: to believe that he genuinely had
dialog: my welfare at heart, and that it
dialog: wasn’t run by. his brother-in-law.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 101
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 69.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont'd)
dialog: One wants to trust, in general,
dialog: don’t you think? But you never
dialog: really know, do you?
text: Jamshed stops fiddling with the tap. And takes a hammer to
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The day I met my husband was the
dialog: day the fair came to town.
dialog: girlfriend and I went on the
text: carousel. Her horse was fine.
dialog: But when the ride began I felt
dialog: mine give a little, like it might
dialog: collapse. Then these strong arms
dialog: were around me, holding the horse
text: together. And a voice in my ear
dialog: said “Just trust me”. And I did.
dialog: Without question. Until the day
dialog: he died.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: How wonderful.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The sale of our flat went through
dialog: last week. I had to sell it to
dialog: pay off Hugh’s debts.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve been forced to get a job out
dialog: here. Which, in fact, I love.
dialog: But even at Sonny’s rates, I
dialog: still couldn’t make ends meet.
dialog: After what my own husband did to
dialog: our life savings.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sono. You're right. You never
dialog: know.
text: Jamshed holds up the tap. Which is now in several parts.
speaker_heading: JAMSHED
dialog: No good. You must be buying
dialog: another.
scene_heading: EXT. PATHWAY/GATE/STREET, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 101
text: Jean walks down the path to the gate.
text: She stops, looks fearfully at the chaotic sea of humanity
text: outside. She's unable to move.
text: Finally, she steps out. And is of course immediately
text: assaulted by the assorted kids, beggars, street vendors,
dialog: etc.
text: As anxiety begins to engulf her, she quickens her pace,
text: brushing through them as best she can, until she is almost
dialog: running.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 70.
scene_heading: 102 INT. ANOKHI’S HUT - DAY 102
text: Muriel is still at the tea party.
text: Anokhi speaks. Ajit translates.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: She wants to thank you for your
dialog: kindness.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: I haven‘t been kind.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: You‘re the only one that
text: acknowledges her.
text: Anokhi brings out a plate of food.
speaker_heading: ANOKHI
dialog: farkha dhal. Chapati.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: I’m not eating that.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: You will insult her very deeply
dialog: if you do not.
text: Muriel looks up. They’re all still watching, waiting,
text: smiling.
text: She looks at Anokhi’s grandmother, as dignified as she is
dialog: old.
text: Muriel reaches out, takes something off the tray. And has
dialog: a bite. It’s not too bad.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: I'd still rather a Scotch Egg.
text: Then she sees something through the open doorway: the
text: children have turned her wheelchair on its side and are
text: spinning the wheels.
text: She’s on her feet in a flash.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont'd)
dialog: Get off! Get off it, you dirty
dialog: thieving bastards!
text: Several terrified faces turn.
text: One little girl starts to cry.
text: Everyone is staring at Muriel.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont’d)
text: I didn’t see. They were playing.
dialog: I’m sorry. I’m sorry ...
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: 104A
dialog: 105
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 71.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. JAIPUR - DAY 103
text: Jean is now in a tuk-tuk, lurching and weaving through the
text: traffic, a handkerchief clasped firmly over her mouth,
text: panic in her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE/CORRIDORS/OFFICE. PUBLIC RECORDS OFFICE. 104
speaker_heading: JAIPUR - DAY
text: The corridors are full of people patiently waiting their
text: turn to grapple with a vast bureaucracy.
text: Reaching the top of the staircase, Jean takes it all in.
text: She walks down another corridor. Then stops.
text: Through a doorway, she sees Graham at the desk, talking to
dialog: Mr Chidambram.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: In the office.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: But I’ve filled out that form.
dialog: I've given it to you. Many
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: MR CHIDAMBRAM
dialog: There is a process. You are
dialog: making an enquiry. For each
dialog: enquiry a form must be filled in.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: But it’s the same enquiry I make
dialog: every day.
speaker_heading: MR CHIDAMBRAM
dialog: And therefore the same form you
dialog: must fill in.
text: Graham glances towards the doorway, catches sight of Jean.
text: Their eyes lock, then Jean pulls back out of sight,
dialog: panicked.
scene_heading: INT.CORRIDOR, PUBLIC RECORDS OFFICE. JAIPUR - DAY 108A4A
text: Jean is hurrying down a corridor. Behind her, Graham
text: emerges from a doorway, and calls to her
speaker_heading: GRABAM
dialog: Mrs Ainslie.....?
speaker_heading: OMITTED 105
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 72.
scene_heading: 106 INT. TEA ROOM. JAIPUR - DAY 106
text: Later. Jean and Graham are sitting in an elegant tea room.
text: Jean is still very shaken.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I don’t know how you can bear
dialog: this country. What do you see
dialog: that I don’t?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
text: Unutterable beauty. Everywhere.
text: In the light, the colours, the
dialog: smiles, the people who see life
dialog: as a privilege not a right, and
dialog: so teach me something every day.
text: The waiter brings their tea.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Is this milk pasteurized?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Yes madam.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: But that’s not true, is it?
dialog: You’re just lying to me right now
dialog: It‘ll be fine.
text: The waiter goes.
dialog: She looks
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont'd)
dialog: It’s a pleasant surprise to see
dialog: you out and about.
dialog: Is it?
text: at him.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. That’s progress. Where
dialog: were you going?
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 73.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: To the bank. I ... was going to
dialog: the bank. Not that there’s any
dialog: reason to think something has
dialog: changed. But our daughter, you
dialog: see, she did promise, and one
text: does try to remain optimistic.
dialog: One has to. Otherwise ...
dialog: otherwise ...
text: Graham worries she might be about to break down. He
text: reaches across the table, puts his hand on hers.
text: She leans forward, puts her other hand over his, holds on
dialog: tightly.
text: Graham is startled. He tries gently to pull back, but she
text: holds on.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Jean -
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Oh god. Is it possible you feel
dialog: the same?
text: She brings his hand to her mouth, kisses it.
speaker_heading: JEAN (cont'd)
dialog: The way you talk to me. Your
dialog: compassion, your understanding
dialog: ++. the wonderful, tender
dialog: consideration, it had to be more
dialog: than just -
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I’m gay.
text: She stares at him. Beat.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: As in ... happy?
text: Graham says nothing. Jean lets go of his hand.
speaker_heading: JEAN (cont’d)
dialog: Yes. I see. Of course I see.
text: The ghastly inappropriateness of it all settles on them
dialog: both.
speaker_heading: JEAN (cont'd)
dialog: I appear to have humiliated
dialog: myself. And embarrassed you.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I’m not embarrassed.
text: Jean smiles wanly, grateful for his lie.
dialog: 107
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Like I said. This country is
dialog: driving me mad.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Shall we go?
scene_heading: EXT/INT. DOUGLAS AND JEAN’S ROOM. MARIGOLD HOTEL
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: - DAY107
text: Evelyn is outside in the courtyard. We don’t see Douglas.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (0.S.)
dialog: Not yet.
text: Evelyn waits a moment.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How about now?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (0.S.)
dialog: One second.
dialog: Another pause.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: Oh good lord.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (0.S.)
dialog: Listen.
text: The sound of a flowing tap.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (0.S.) (cont‘d)
dialog: And now ...
text: The tap stops.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: No drip.
text: He appears in the doorway, triumphant.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont‘d)
dialog: No drip!
text: He walks towards her, hand in the air.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont’d)
dialog: Hi-five!
text: Evelyn just looks at him. She’s never hi-fived anyone in
dialog: her life.
text: After a moment Douglas puts his hand down.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 75.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont‘d)
dialog: I’ve never done that before. It
dialog: just seemed appropriate.
text: Jean has appeared at the other side of the courtyard.
text: Douglas senses her mood, moves towards her.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont'd)
dialog: Darling!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Mrs Ainslie, how are you? Did
dialog: you have a good day?
text: Jean doesn’t answer. She’s staring at Douglas. Who looks
dialog: so happy.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Let me tell you about ours. Your
dialog: husband of many a year, who has
dialog: never even known which end of a
dialog: hammer to use, has actually
dialog: managed to -
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (suddenly interrupting)
dialog: We have to get out of here.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I can’t stay in this country a
dialog: moment longer.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Why ...?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Do excuse me.
text: She makes a tactful exit. Jean is going past Douglas into
dialog: their room.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I don’t understand ...
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Pick a reason. Pick ten. The
dialog: climate, the squalor, the poverty
text: She goes past him into their room.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 76.
scene_heading: INT. DOUGLAS AND JEAN‘S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 108
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: «+. we should never have come.
dialog: This whole trip is a grotesque
dialog: fantasy. It’s time to go home.
text: Jean starts to pack. Irrationally, compulsively.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Who’s paying for the tickets?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (not hearing him)
dialog: Look at us. A group of self-
text: deluding old fossils traipsing
dialog: around as if it’s our bloody gap
dialog: year. Humiliating ourselves ...
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Not us, we can’t pay. And I
dialog: don’t see you asking our friends
dialog: back home ...
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: «+. We should just face up to the
dialog: truth. That we’re all old, we’re
dialog: all past it. That’s the real
dialog: truth, the raw, unvarnished fact
dialog: of the matter. All we're good
dialog: for now is the beige bloody
text: bungalow with the sodding panic
text: button in the sodding corner ...
text: She stops packing, and subsides onto the bed, crying
dialog: quietly.
text: Nobody speaks for a while.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: (gently)
dialog: We just have to make the best of
dialog: it, darling. I really think
dialog: that’s the best thing to do.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Yes, well. When I want your
dialog: opinion, I'1l give it to you.
scene_heading: INT. MEEHAR CLINIC - MORNING 109
text: An impossibly small roadside clinic.
text: Norman is sitting there, the only man in three rows of
text: brightly dressed women.
text: DR RAMA comes out of the consulting area.
dialog: 110
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 77.
speaker_heading: DR RAMA
dialog: Mr John Smith.
text: No response. The doctor looks at Norman, who has forgotten
dialog: his own alias.
speaker_heading: DR RAMA (cont’d)
dialog: Mr John Smith?
text: Norman jumps up.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That’s right! Me!
scene_heading: EXT/INT. MARKET/OPERATIONS ROOM. CALL CENTRE - DAY 110
text: Sonny is at the flower market, sitting on his motor bike,
text: waiting for the flower vendor to tie up his bundle of
text: marigolds. He‘s on his phone.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Come on. Pick up pick up pick
dialog: up.
text: The phone is answered at the other end.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont’d)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Sunaina, I must see you. I must.
dialog: If I cannot hold your body
dialog: against mine, I swear I will go
dialog: mad.
text: We cut to the call centre. It’s not Sunaina on the phone,
text: but Jay, who is standing next to her.
speaker_heading: SONNY’S VOICE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: I yearn for you, I burn for you,
speaker_heading: Ie
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: I think it’s my sister you're
dialog: burning for there, Sonny boy.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Thank you, Jay. Thank you.
text: Jay hands the phone to Sunaina.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Private line, Sunaina. Do those
dialog: words mean nothing to you?
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 78.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: He took the phone. What could I
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I miss you. I miss you every
dialog: moment. Come and see me.
dialog: Tonight.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: I cannot tonight. It is my
dialog: parents 25th wedding anniversary.
dialog: Tell your mother that.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Come after. Come late
speaker_heading: SUNANINA
dialog: You’1ll be asleep.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I‘1l be waiting.
speaker_heading: SUNANINA
dialog: You’1l be asleep. But i can wake
dialog: you in that special way....
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You will sneak in?
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: I’m not ashamed.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Neither am I. Absolutely not.
dialog: There is no shame. You do not
dialog: have to sneak.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All the same, if you did want to
dialog: be very quiet, and not let anyone
dialog: see you, it couldn’t hurt.
scene_heading: 111 INT. CONSULTING ROOM - DAY 111
text: Norman is talking to DR RAMA.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I‘m worried there’s no lead in my
dialog: pencil.
speaker_heading: DR RAMA
dialog: OK. I don’t know what that
dialog: means.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No snap in my celery.
speaker_heading: DR RAMA
dialog: I’m still not quite with you.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 78A.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I plan to party hearty tonight,
dialog: but I can’t guarantee that my
dialog: love gun will fire.
speaker_heading: DR RAMA
dialog: Mr Smith -
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Will the lance dance, and the
dialog: trouser lion roar?
speaker_heading: DR RAMA
dialog: What is your problem?
dialog: 112
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 79.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I don’t know if I can still have
dialog: sex.
speaker_heading: DR RAMA
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I’m not a young man anymore,
dialog: doctor. And I’m a little bit
dialog: scared. Truth be told, I’m a lot
dialog: scared.
speaker_heading: DR RAMA
dialog: How long since you’ve been with a
dialog: woman?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What’s today?
speaker_heading: DR RAMA
dialog: Monday.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Six years.
speaker_heading: DR RAMA
dialog: I’ve got some pills that’1l help.
scene_heading: EXT. SERVANTS COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 112
text: The back of the hotel, where Sonny envisages his Phase Two
text: development. Very dilapidated.
text: Anokhi is cleaning pots. Young Wasim sits in the corner.
text: Ajit has just wheeled Muriel into the courtyard.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: (to Anokhi)
dialog: I wanted to tell you something...
text: Anokhi looks up.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont'd)
dialog: (to Ajit)
dialog: Tell her. Tell her I was glad to
dialog: come, glad she invited me.
dialog: Ajit translates.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont'd)
dialog: Glad to meet her family. Her
dialog: grandmother. Her kids.
text: Ajit translates. Anokhi speaks.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 80.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: She asks if you have children?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: I looked after somebody else's.
dialog: Ajit translates.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (CONT’D)
dialog: This one family, years I was with
dialog: them. I ran the house, looked
dialog: after the money, did it all,
dialog: cared for them like they were my
dialog: own.
text: Ajit starts to translate. But Muriel doesn’t wait.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont'd)
dialog: That’s the mistake, see. You
dialog: don't want to get like that, to
dialog: start feeling part of something.
dialog: One day they decided I needed
dialog: some help. I was grateful, I
dialog: tried to teach her. Not just the
dialog: books, but how to crisp up the
dialog: bacon like the gentleman
dialog: preferred it, the way the little
dialog: one liked to have her hair
dialog: brushed. The things you only
dialog: know if you care. But then they
dialog: said I was no longer useful to
dialog: them. Thanked me for my service.
dialog: As if that’s all it was.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I got a flat in the end. I’m the
dialog: only one in the building not a
dialog: foreigner. More Indians there
dialog: than here! But before I came to
dialog: this place, my biggest problem
dialog: was what to do with all the time
dialog: I had. Because that flat’s so
dialog: small, I can have the whole place
text: spotless in half an hour. And
dialog: then what am I supposed to do for
dialog: the rest of the day?
text: There’s silence for a bit. Then Ajit speaks.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: Did you want me translate that as
dialog: well?
text: Muriel smiles. It’s the first time we’ve seen this.
text: Muriel stops, thrusts something into Ajit’s hand.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Give her these.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 81.
text: Ajit hands Anokhi what Muriel gave him: a packet of
dialog: Chocolate Hobnobs.
text: This time it’s Muriel who cannot meet Anokhi’s eye. Tries
text: to hide her desire to leave. Ajit turns her chair and
text: pushes her away.
text: Over this, the sound of singing ...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP. MARIGOLD HOTEL - EVENING 113
text: Norman's on his rooftop, under the primitive spout of water
text: that passes as his shower. Hanging from a nail in the wall,
text: the battery radio is pumping out a bizarre Indian cover
text: version of the Chic song “Le Freak”.
text: Norman is naked, and singing along lustily.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Aaaaaah, freak out! Le freak,
dialog: c’est chic ... Aaaah, freak out!
text: Feet slapping in the soapy water, he performs a nifty disco
dialog: move.
scene_heading: INT. SONNY’S OFFICE. MARIGOLD HOTEL - EVENING 114
text: Sonny is in his office, going through the accounts.
text: There's a strange ringing somewhere nearby. He pays no
text: attention, then stops and thinks for a moment. Then
text: realises what it is.
text: He sweeps the pile of papers off the desk, starts
text: frantically looking for the telephone.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - EVENING 115
text: Graham and Evelyn are having drinks.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’ve been getting out and about
dialog: as much as I can, but I feel I’ve
dialog: hardly scratched the surface. And
dialog: of course I’d love to see
dialog: Udaipur. The lake you talked
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I‘d love to take you. Perhaps -
text: He breaks off. Douglas and Jean have come in. Jean looks
text: rather desperate.
scene_heading: EVELYN AND DOUGLAS
dialog: (simultaneously)
dialog: Good evening.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 81A.
text: An awkward moment. Graham stands.
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 82.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Good evening, Mrs Ainslie.
dialog: Please allow me.
text: He pulls a chair out for her. She shoots him a look of
dialog: passionate gratitude for his exquisite sensitivity.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You’re very kind. But I rather
dialog: think I’1l turn in early.
dialog: Goodnight everyone.
text: She goes into her room.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - EVENING 116
text: Muriel is sitting outside her room, doing the crossword.
text: Madge is coming through the arch, stops dead.
text: Norman is standing in front of her, on his way out. He
text: looks transformed. And rather handsome.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Is this it?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: This is it.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: You’re not worried about the
dialog: danger of having sex at your age?
text: Norman shrugs.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: If she dies, she dies.
text: He leaves. Sonny sprints into the courtyard.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Progress, Mrs Donnelly, Mrs
text: Hardcastle! The wheel is turning
dialog: most assuredly in our favour!
text: He shoots up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - EVENING. 117
text: Douglas, Graham and Evelyn are looking at the menu.
text: Sonny bursts in.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mr Dashwood! Everybody! Great
dialog: news!
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 83.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: What is it, Sonny?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: They are working, they are
dialog: working!
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: That is great news. What are
dialog: working?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The telephones of the Marigold
dialog: Hotel.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Well, congratulations.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Thank you. I must tell
dialog: everybody. I must tell my
dialog: mother!
text: He runs off. Comes back.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont'd)
dialog: Oh wait. You have a phone call.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, POOR NEIGHBOURHOOD. JAIPUR - EVENING 118
text: Graham, Evelyn, and Douglas are walking quickly up a quiet
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
text: It's a false alarm. There’s no
dialog: way they could find anything in
dialog: that office. They probably just
dialog: picked an address at random, just
dialog: to keep me off their backs. I’m
dialog: sure that’s what happened. It’s
dialog: going to be nothing. Don’t you
dialog: think it’s going to be nothing?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I think you should knock on the
dialog: door and see.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes. Yes I should.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - EVENING 119
text: Some men sit under a tree, playing cards.
dialog: 120
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 84.
text: Across the street, Graham approaches a house. At a polite
text: distance, Evelyn and Douglas wait. Graham knocks at the
text: open door.
text: A woman, GAURIKA, appears. She stares at Graham.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I’m sorry to disturb you so late.
dialog: My name is Graham Dashwood. A
dialog: long time ago I -
speaker_heading: GAURIKA
dialog: I know who you are.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I am afraid I don’t know you.
speaker_heading: GAURIKA
dialog: I am Gaurika. The wife of Manoj.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (after a fraction of a
dialog: beat)
dialog: I’m very pleased to meet you.
dialog: And if you could, if you would
dialog: tell him that I called around,
dialog: I‘d appreciate that very much,
dialog: and -
text: He breaks off. She’s walked past him, looking to the other
text: side of the road.
text: He turns to look at the men playing cards. Gaurika calls in
dialog: Hindi.
text: A beautiful-looking man looks up. MANOJ.
text: He looks across at the house. Stands up slowly as Graham
text: walks across the street towards him.
text: Graham reaches him. The two men just stand there for a
text: moment. Then they hug very tightly.
text: From the steps of the house, Gaurika watches.
text: Evelyn looks at her, fascinated.
text: Across the street, Manoj and Graham are still holding each
text: other, unable to let go.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT 120
text: Douglas and Evelyn are walking.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: (a tiny bit sloshed)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 85.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont'd)
dialog: First time going in to London
dialog: with my dad, on his commute...
dialog: He'd always been so extraordinary
dialog: to me, so unique. But there he
dialog: was standing on the station
dialog: platform, utterly
dialog: indistinguishable from all the
dialog: other men in suits. And then of
dialog: course a few years later I was
dialog: one of them... Hated my job.
dialog: Hated it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sorry, talking too much. Blame a
dialog: good dinner out.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What was she thinking?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: His wife. Manoj’s wife. She
dialog: knew who Graham was. Had he told
dialog: her?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: D‘you think we'll find out
dialog: tomorrow?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Not me, I’m heading up to the
dialog: Badi Mahal Palace. Very excited,
dialog: been reading all about it.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I would, if I could remember a
dialog: word.
text: Evelyn laughs. Then Douglas suddenly grabs her. And pulls
text: her out of the way of a motor bike, zooming past them.
text: Sunaina hasn't realised she nearly hit them, and powers on
text: towards the Marigold.
text: Douglas and Evelyn stand for a moment, startled, holding
text: each other. Something passes between them that embarrasses
text: them both. Then they part quickly, guiltily.
text: They're outside a small restaurant, and with exquisite
text: timing, a group of musicians start to Play a romantic tune.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Come, please. Nice meal,
dialog: please...
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 86.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: (namaste gesture)
dialog: We've eaten, thank you...
text: They continue on their way. Slightly further apart than
dialog: before.
scene_heading: EXT. MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 121
text: It’s the middle of the night, and everything's quiet. Or
text: as quiet as it can be in the middle of the usual night-time
text: Indian cacophony.
text: Sunaina parks her bike outside the hotel, goes on in.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 122
text: Sonny is sleeping peacefully.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 123
text: Sunaina moves across the courtyard.
text: Not sneaking, exactly. But making no sound.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 124
text: Sonny sleeps on.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 125
text: Sunaina is definitely sneaking now. She aims down the
text: passage towards Sonny’s room.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 126
text: Sonny stirs, but doesn’t wake up.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 127
text: Sunaina comes into the bedroom.
text: She takes off her clothes. And climbs, naked, into bed
text: beside the sleeping figure.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 128
text: A loud scream.
text: In a different bed, in a different room, Sonny wakes up.
dialog: And remembers.
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 87.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 129
text: It’s Sunaina that’s screamed. Because she’s in bed with
dialog: Madge.
dialog: Who couldn't be happier.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: A midnight booty call. How
text: utterly marvellous.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 130
text: Sonny hares out of his temporary bedroom, and races down
text: the corridor, towards Madge’s room.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 131
text: Sunaina has jumped out of the bed and across the room,
text: grabbing one of Madge’s generous scarves to cover her
text: nakedness.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry ... I
dialog: don’t know what your name is, but
dialog: I’m incredibly sorry.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Don't be. Most action I’ve had
dialog: in weeks.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: If you could just please not
dialog: mention -
text: Sonny bursts in.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Do not worry, Mrs Hardcastle! I
dialog: can explain each and every thing!
text: He sees Sunaina.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont’d)
dialog: Oh my god you are naked.
text: He turns to Madge.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont'd)
dialog: Mrs Hardcastle, I must apologise
dialog: with deep and profound sincerity -
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: How could you not tell me you
dialog: weren’t in your room!
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 88.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Yes, Sunaina, to you too I mst
dialog: apologise with equally deep and
dialog: profound sincerity. Now go. Get
text: out. Quickly.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: I’m going. Just let me get
dialog: dressed, and -
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: No no, quicker than that. You
dialog: must leave, before -
text: Mrs Kapoor flings open the door.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: What is going on here? Who
dialog: screamed?
text: She sees the nearly-naked Sunaina.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR (cont'd)
dialog: No no no no no. No! This is a
dialog: respectable hotel, not a brothel.
dialog: (to Sunaina)
dialog: You, get out.
dialog: (to Madge)
dialog: And Mrs Hardcastle, I expected
dialog: better of you. Actually, this is
dialog: exactly what I expected of you,
dialog: but nevertheless -
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Mrs Kapoor, I’m Sunaina.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Since I will not be paying for
dialog: your services, your name is of no
dialog: interest to me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How do you know mine?
text: Sunaina is shocked to realise that Mrs Kapoor doesn’t know
text: her name. Sonny steps forward reluctantly.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Because this ... is my Sunaina.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: The girl who my son described as
dialog: not too modern.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: This is getting interesting.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: (to Sunaina)
dialog: Tell me, please.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: 132A
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 89.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR (cont'd)
dialog: Is there anyone in this building
dialog: you haven’t slept with?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mummyji, do not get the wrong
dialog: idea. Sunaina was not here to be
dialog: with Mrs Hardcastle. She was
dialog: here to have sex with me!
text: Mrs Kapoor turns to Sunaina. Who is speechless.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: This is the sort of woman you
dialog: are. OK. Each to her own. But
dialog: do not ever try and tell me that
dialog: you are suitable wife for my son.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Find your clothes and go. I
dialog: don’t expect to see you again.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN/PATHWAY. MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 132
text: Sunaina is leaving the hotel, angry and humiliated. Evelyn
text: and Douglas are coming up the path.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Sunaina?
text: And now Sunaina is even more humiliated.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MARIGOLD HOTEL — NIGHT 132A
text: Sunaina roars away on her scooter.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAWN 133
text: The same street. The sun is just coming up, and traders are
text: setting up their stalls, spreading their wares on rugs on
dialog: the ground.
text: One trader is unloading some fruit. A few guava roll off
text: the edge of his wagon.
text: Someone picks them up for him. It’s Graham, who smiles as
text: he puts them back. The trader gives him a fresh one.
text: Graham takes it, and walks on, munching the delicious
text: fruit. A contented man.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAWN 134
text: Norman is sitting on a stone bench under a spreading tree.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 90.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (0.S.)
dialog: How did it go?
text: Norman turns, to see Graham standing above him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I have seen the top of the
dialog: mountain. And it is good.
text: Graham nods, sits down next to him. They gaze out at the
dialog: waking city.
dialog: Norman is
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I saw someone yesterday, a man I
dialog: hadn't seen for many years. A
dialog: man I’ve loved all my life.
text: a bit startled by this.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: A man.....?
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Carry on.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: (smiling, unperturbed)
dialog: I didn’t know how he’d been in
dialog: the meantime, didn’t want to
dialog: guess. I brought disgrace upon
dialog: him and his family, and imagined
dialog: he might hate me for it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But we talked all night. He’s
dialog: been happy. He’s led a peaceful
dialog: life, married to a woman who
dialog: understood him and loved him
dialog: nonetheless. But he’s never
dialog: forgotten me. That’s what he
dialog: said.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I asked his forgiveness anyway.
dialog: He said he had nothing to forgive
dialog: me for. That instead I should
dialog: forgive myself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All that time. All that time I
dialog: believed I’d sentenced him to a
dialog: life of shame. When I was the
dialog: one in prison.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But not any more.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 91.
text: Silence for a while.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Top of the mountain.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: Yes.
text: Norman smiles, then stands and goes on inside.
text: Graham settles back into his chair, looks out at the world.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM (cont'd)
dialog: Not any more.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD/VERANDAH, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAWN 135
text: Norman comes into the courtyard. Madge, sipping from a cup
text: of chai, calls down from her verandah.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: How was the night?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Rather special.
text: He leaves. Madge just stares after him.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRCASE. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAWN 136
text: Norman on the stairs to his room.
text: He stops, catches his breath.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAWN 137
text: Graham is watching a stunningly beautiful bird. A snow
text: crane; white and magnificent. It’s on the grass in front
dialog: of him.
text: Then it opens its huge wings, takes off. And flies up into
text: the bright blue sky. It’s an extraordinary sight.
text: As Graham watches the snow crane swoop and dip, it appears
text: suddenly to slow and stall, until it seems to hang in the
text: air, almost motionless.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAWN 138
text: Norman crosses the rooftop to his bedroom. He comes
text: inside, sits on the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN, MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 139
text: Graham is still sitting in the garden.
speaker_heading: 139A
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 92.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (0.S.)
dialog: You’re back.
text: He doesn’t turn round. Evelyn has come out to the garden.
text: She goes over to him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont'd)
dialog: It’s been rather an extraordinary
dialog: night all round. First tell me
dialog: your news, and then -
text: She breaks off.
text: Graham is dead.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 139A
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: Day 45. Of course it was
dialog: inevitable. Put enough old
dialog: people in the same place, it
dialog: won't be too long before one of
dialog: them goes....
text: Jean, Douglas, Madge, Norman and Muriel shocked and sobered
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY 140
text: A train is crossing the endless fields.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DAY 141
text: Evelyn stares out of the window. Madge, Norman, Douglas
text: and Jean are behind her. Opposite sits Manoj. Evelyn
text: turns to look at him, and at Gaurika, Manoj’s wife, who
text: sits beside him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: We all know it'll happen, but few
dialog: of us know when. Graham died of
dialog: a heart attack, evidently not his
dialog: first. So he had a better idea
dialog: than most what was coming, he
dialog: just neglected to tell us. His
dialog: prerogative.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAWN 142
text: Three white vehicles are driving across a narrow causeway,
text: which barely rises above the surface of the lake. They
text: seem to be floating. Clouds of dust billow behind them.
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 93.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: There was talk of sending the
dialog: body home, but Manoj felt he
dialog: should have a Hindu burial. At
dialog: the place they had visited
dialog: together. Not a holy place.
dialog: Although for them perhaps it was.
scene_heading: EXT. FUNERAL PYRE, RUINS - DAY 143
text: A ruined garden, surrounded by the waters of the lake,
text: crumbling pillared porticoes and arches. What must once
text: have been a royal retreat is now long abandoned and
text: overgrown.
text: Graham's friends stand watching the pyre, transfixed by the
text: flames. Manoj, dressed in white, stands with Gaurika. He
text: recites a Hindi prayer.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
text: A body takes a long time to be
dialog: consumed. Many hours for the
dialog: mourners to remember their dead.
dialog: The fire must be lit at dawn, and
dialog: by sunset, there must be nothing
dialog: left but ash.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE - SUNSET 144
text: Stripped to the waist, Manoj walks into the water, holding
text: a bowl.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: Where do our souls go? Is that
dialog: all of us that is left behind?
dialog: Perhaps the most we can ask is
dialog: that when we do shuffle off, we
dialog: do so knowing that we were loved
text: Manoj pours Graham onto the water. The ashes shimmer and
text: dance, caught in the gentle currents.
scene_heading: EXT. SERVANT’S GARDEN. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 145
text: Muriel and Anokhi are in the servants’ garden. Young Wasim
text: sits silently in the corner.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: So there’s a process, they call
dialog: it pickling. I have no idea what
dialog: it is, or how they do it, but
dialog: whoever invented it was a smart
dialog: Man. But the real genius was the
dialog: one who introduced an onion into
dialog: the system. That I could never
dialog: have thought of.
dialog: 146
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 94.
text: Ajit looks at her, ready to translate.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont’d)
dialog: No, forget it.
text: Muriel is looking out at the yard. She sees Mrs Kapoor,
text: talking to some surveyors. They’re mapping out the
dialog: building.
text: Mrs Kapoor sees Muriel watching her, comes over to them.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Mrs Donnelly, what are you doing
dialog: here? You should not be here,
dialog: talking with this one.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: I'm helping her clean. If these
dialog: pots get any dirtier, you’ll have
dialog: to serve the food with
dialog: penicillin.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: We have other rooms. Go to one
dialog: of them instead. While this is
text: still a hotel.
text: She turns back to the surveyors.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: (to Ajit)
dialog: What‘s her problem? What’s
dialog: happening here?
text: Ajit can’t answer. But he knows a man who can.
text: He points to Young Wasim.
speaker_heading: AJIT
dialog: He can tell you.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP BAR, BHARATPUR PALACE HOTEL. UDAIPUR - 146
speaker_heading: EVENING
text: A stunning view over the city. Madge is having a drink
text: with Norman. Douglas is sitting on the wall, but keeps
text: looking down towards the stairs.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: When someone dies, you think
dialog: about your own life. And in my
dialog: case, there is less of it in
dialog: front of me than behind. And I
dialog: don’t want to grow older. I
dialog: don’t want to be condescended to,
dialog: ignored and marginalised by
dialog: society. To become peripheral to
dialog: the action.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 147
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 95.
speaker_heading: MADGE (cont'd)
dialog: I don’t want to be the first
text: person let off the plane in a
dialog: hostage crisis.
text: They laugh together. And don’t even see Douglas go.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDING. BHARATPUR PALACE HOTEL - EVENING 147
text: The landing is large, and open to the sky. Evelyn has just
text: come up the stairs to go to her room. She’s leaning against
text: the stone baluster.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS,
dialog: I wondered where you’d been.
text: Evelyn turns. Douglas is on the stairs above her.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont’d)
text: We‘re all up top, having a drink.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I went to see Gaurika. Manoj’s
dialog: wife. I wanted to ask her what
dialog: she knew. And the answer was
dialog: that she knew everything, that
dialog: he’d loved another man, and
dialog: always would. He told her when
dialog: the marriage was arranged.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They had no secrets from each
dialog: other, none.
text: Suddenly she's crying. Unable to stop.
text: Douglas puts his arms around her, and holds her to him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont‘d)
dialog: And that’s right, don’t you see?
dialog: That must be right. Because what
dialog: is the point of a marriage in
dialog: which nothing is shared?
text: Her words hang in the air. They stand there for a moment.
text: Jean has come out of her room, and stands there, watching
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Mrs Greenslade, might I have my
dialog: husband back now?
text: They spring apart.
speaker_heading: JEAN (cont’d)
dialog: Douglas?
text: She walks off back into the room. Douglas turns to Evelyn.
dialog: 148
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 96.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Forgive me ...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes, of course.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Forgive me.
text: Evelyn goes quickly to her room, leaving him standing
dialog: there.
scene_heading: INT. DOUGLAS AND JEAN’S ROOM - EVENING 148
text: Douglas closes the door.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: She was upset.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Spare me your explanations.
dialog: D’you think I’m jealous?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I don’t see why else you would
dialog: have embarrassed me. And Evelyn.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You were already doing a
dialog: perfectly good job of
dialog: embarrassing yourself. Can you
dialog: imagine how ghastly it’s been for
dialog: everyone to watch you mooning
dialog: around after that simpering doe-
text: eyed ex-housewife, taking
dialog: advantage of her loneliness and -
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: God, can you hear yourself? Can
dialog: you? Do you have any idea what a
dialog: terrible person you’ve become?
text: Jean is stunned into silence.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont’d)
dialog: All you give out is this endless
dialog: negativity, a refusal to see any
dialog: kind of light and joy even when
dialog: it’s right in your face, and a
dialog: desperate need to squash any sign
dialog: of happiness in me or anyone else
dialog: ... it's a wonder I don’t fling
dialog: myself at the first kind word or
dialog: gesture that comes my way. But I
dialog: don’t. Out of some dried-out
dialog: notion of loyalty and respect,
dialog: neither of which I ever bloody
dialog: get in return.
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 97.
text: There's a long silence.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I checked my emails. This came.
text: She hands him a piece of paper.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP BAR. BHARATPUR PALACE HOTEL - EVENING 149
text: Evelyn comes onto the terrace, and heads for Madge and
text: Norman. She picks up Madge‘s glass.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I just need some water.
text: She drains the glass.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: That was a gin and tonic.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes. I know that now.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: What’s happened?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Good evening, the Ainslies.
text: Douglas and Jean are approaching them.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: How are you both?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: We’re particularly well.
dialog: Douglas, tell them our news.
text: She looks to him, waits. He says nothing.
text: So she turns, and smiles.
speaker_heading: JEAN (cont'd)
dialog: We're going home.
scene_heading: EXT. EVELYN’S VERANDAH/KITCHEN. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 150
text: Sonny is with his investor, Mr Maruthi. They emerge from
text: the upper courtyard onto the terrace overlooking the back
dialog: of the hotel.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 98.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: And so I would ask you to loosen
dialog: the strings on your purse, Mr
dialog: Maruthi, and to do it most
dialog: rapidly. So that Phase Two
dialog: Development of the Best Exotic
dialog: Marigold Hotel can begin with
dialog: immediate effect.
text: Mr Maruthi looks down, sees Muriel. She’s with Anokhi,
dialog: Ajit, and Young Wasim.
text: He calls down to her.
speaker_heading: MR MARUTHI
dialog: Mrs Donnelly, I believe.
text: Sonny spots the danger, tries to lead Mr Maruthi away.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: And now if you would please be
dialog: following me to the ground floor
dialog: rooms ...
text: Mr Maruthi ignores him, calls down again.
speaker_heading: MR MARUTHI
dialog: How are things at the hotel?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mr Maruthi -
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Better. They’re going better.
text: Sonny takes a moment to recover.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You see? Profound satisfaction.
dialog: Such is the inevitable result of
dialog: a prolonged stay at the Marigold
dialog: Hotel.
text: And now Mr Maruthi has spotted something else. The
text: surveyors, who are still taking their measurements.
speaker_heading: MR MARUTHI
dialog: What are those men doing?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (Glancing back for a moment)
dialog: Working for me, Mr Maruthi. To
dialog: create a home for the elderly so
dialog: wonderful that they will simply
dialog: refuse to die! Stare death in
dialog: the face and say-
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 98A.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont'd)
dialog: (follows Mr Maruthi’s
dialog: gaze)
dialog: What are those men doing?
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 99.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. KITCHEN/SERVANT’S GARDEN. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 151
text: Moments later. Through the window, Muriel watches Sonny
text: confronting his mother.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mummyji, what is going on here?
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: I have spoken to your brothers.
dialog: They want to sell the hotel.
dialog: These men are here to value the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: They are valuing the land. My
dialog: brothers do not care about the
dialog: building. They will knock it
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: They could just wait a month for
dialog: it to fall down of its own
dialog: accord.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You joke, Mummyji, but inside I
dialog: know you are not laughing. You
dialog: do not want to see this dream
dialog: destroyed. Send these people
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: No, my son. It is too late.
scene_heading: 152 INT. SONNY’S OFFICE - NIGHT 152
text: Mrs Kapoor is at the desk, going through the accounts.
text: Sonny stands opposite her.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mummyji, please -
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: These figures do not support your
dialog: argument.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: There is still time to turn
text: things around. With a small
dialog: injection of funds, we can -
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Who is trusting you with that
dialog: money? Eh? You, who cannot run
dialog: a chai stand. Just like your
dialog: father.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 100.
text: Beat. Then Sonny speaks quietly.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Do I remind you of him so much?
dialog: Is that why you must be cruel to
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: You think I am cruel?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You loved my father. And he
dialog: loved this hotel.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Two mistakes. There will not be
dialog: a third.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Say goodbye to all this, Sonny.
dialog: And come with me to Delhi. Your
dialog: life will become easier.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Not easier, Mummyji. Smaller.
text: He leaves.
text: Mrs Kapoor comes back to the desk, fiddling with some
text: paperwork, discomfited.
text: She turns to the doorway. Muriel is there, in her chair.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Mrs Donnelly. Can I help you?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Depends. Do you know how to use
dialog: a computer?
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: I assume you are joking.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Mrs Ainslie said she had an
dialog: address where I could get some
dialog: things I need. Some biscuits.
dialog: She said I could get them on the
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: I wish you luck.
text: Mrs Kapoor smiles, and leaves.
text: Muriel watches her go, then turns to the computer.
text: Her fingers fly across the keyboard.
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
speaker_heading: 155A
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 101.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - NIGHT 153
text: The train rattles its way through the night. Jean is
text: chatting away, in a better mood than we’ve seen her for
text: some time. Evelyn listens in silence.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: The whole thing is actually
dialog: tremendously exciting. Not just
text: getting on a plane, but getting
text: on a plane and turning left.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Turning left?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: First class. And home in time
dialog: for our 40th wedding anniversary.
dialog: We haven’t yet decided how to
dialog: mark the occasion.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Perhaps a minute’s silence?
scene_heading: INT. SONNY’S OFFICE, MARIGOLD HOTEL - NIGHT 154
text: Ajit keeps watch, while Muriel is at the printer. Waiting
text: as it disgorges pages.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 155
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. JAIPUR STATION - DAY 155A
text: The tuk-tuks are lined up.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (hailing a tuk-tuk)
dialog: Two should fit us all, I think.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m actually going to walk.
dialog: Apparently they're getting ready
dialog: for a festival.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Perhaps you’d like one of us to
dialog: accompany you.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: I’m happy to walk with you.
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 102.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'll be fine.
text: Evelyn speaks to both Douglas and Jean.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont'd)
dialog: I’m delighted for your daughter‘s
dialog: success. I wish you all every
dialog: happiness.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Evelyn turns, and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. TUK-TUK - DAY 156
text: Douglas and Jean are in the tuk-tuk with Madge and Norman.
text: There is a sombre atmosphere.
text: A motor-bike hurtles past them, going the other way.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Was that Sonny?
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTOPHER'S HOUSE, LONDON - DAY 157
text: A phone is ringing. Christopher is still in bed, his wife
text: Polly asleep next to him.
text: He answers.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: Yes ...
dialog: (can’t believe his ears)
dialog: Ma?
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH. TICKET OFFICE. JAIPUR STATION -~- DAY 158
text: Evelyn stands under the awning of the ticket office.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I just wanted to hear your voice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No, I’m sorry, I didn’t think
dialog: about the time ... How are you?
dialog: And Polly? The boys ... how are
dialog: the boys?
text: She listens to him. She’s holding back tears.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont’d)
dialog: Oh good, I’m glad you’ve been
dialog: reading it. Yes. Yes, I’ve made
dialog: some very good friends.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No, I’m fine, of course I am.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 103.
dialog: As much as she had wanted to speak to him, she now wants
text: the conversation to be over.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont’d)
dialog: I think my money is running out,
dialog: I'd better go. Goodbye for now,
dialog: darling. I’11 call again later.
text: She hangs up. And stays there with her hand on the phone.
text: Out on the street, Sonny is pulling up. She looks over to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mrs Greenslade. Where are the
dialog: others?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: They’re on their way to the
dialog: hotel.
text: Sonny looks around, at a loss.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (cont'd)
dialog: What’s the matter?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I wanted to warn you before you
dialog: see for yourself of the most
dialog: Momentous changes that are
dialog: occurring, absolutely all of them
dialog: without question for the very
dialog: positive.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I am delighted to announce the
dialog: closing of the Best Exotic
text: Marigold Hotel, and the joyful
dialog: return of all of its inhabitants
dialog: to their home country.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What?
scene_heading: 159 EXT. GARDEN PATH. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 159
text: Norman and Madge have arrived back at the hotel.
text: Mrs Kapoor is breaking the news to them.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Please relax in the knowledge
dialog: that your journey home is being
dialog: arranged, and paid for by the
dialog: hotel.
dialog: 160
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 104.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Our journey here was arranged and
dialog: paid for by the hotel, and look
dialog: how that went. I'd rather walk
dialog: back to England.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'd rather not go back at all.
text: A voice comes behind them. Carol has come out of the
dialog: courtyard.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Why would you have to?
scene_heading: EXT. JAIPUR STATION - DAY 160
text: Sonny and Evelyn are still talking.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: And for myself the news is even
dialog: better. I shall be moving to
dialog: Delhi to live with my mother, and
dialog: furthermore I shall be wed to a
dialog: most suitable person of her
dialog: choice, whom I look forward very
dialog: much to meeting before I spend
dialog: the rest of my life with her.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But what about your girlfriend?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: She is no longer my girlfriend.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This is a disaster.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Then we must treat it just the
dialog: same as we would treat a triumph,
dialog: ig that not what your Mr Kipling
dialog: tells us? Although of course,
dialog: here we have a problem. Because
dialog: I, Sunil Indrajit Kapoor, have
dialog: never had a triumph, so of course
dialog: I do not know how to treat one.
dialog: No, all I have had is an constant
dialog: series of disasters interspersed
dialog: with the occasional catastrophe,
text: an unending stream of total -
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Sonny, do you love her? Sunaina?
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 105.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Most deeply.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Have you told her you love her?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: It is because I love her that I
dialog: must not tell her. She can do so
dialog: much better than me.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And you have told her that?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Many times.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Good. Women love it when you say
dialog: that kind of thing. It’s a
dialog: powerful aphrodisiac.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No, of course not. Go and find
dialog: her right now, before you lose
dialog: her forever. Her future is hers
dialog: to choose, and so is yours. You
dialog: can have anything you want,
dialog: Sonny. You just need to stop
dialog: waiting for someone to tell you
dialog: you deserve it. Or you can just
dialog: keep failing yourself, and
dialog: hurting the ones you love -
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mrs Greenslade, stop drilling!
dialog: You have struck oil!
text: He goes to his bike, climbs on, and rockets off.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. UPPER COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 161
text: Madge is sitting, pensive. Carol comes in.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Where’s Norman?
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 106.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Packing.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: But we don’t have to leave yet.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I asked him to come and stay with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Is that wise? I’m not sure he’s
dialog: trained.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You think it’s too soon.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: It doesn’t matter what I think.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: It is too soon. But at our age we
dialog: can't afford the luxury of taking
dialog: it slow. And it’s either this or
dialog: he goes home ... and I don’t want
dialog: him to go home.
text: Madge looks at her for a while. Then smiles.
dialog: Beat
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: I wish you both the very best.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You haven’t met anyone?
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: Single by choice. Just not my
dialog: choice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I actually think it might be
dialog: over. For me. With men. And if
dialog: that’s gone, I’m not quite sure
dialog: what’s left.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Did you know Norman brought
dialog: pills? The first night he stayed
dialog: with me?
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: They obviously did the trick.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I saw them in his pocket. I
dialog: didn’t want it to be like that.
dialog: So when I had the chance I
dialog: swapped them.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 106A.
speaker_heading: CAROL (cont'd)
dialog: He went all night on two aspirin.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s never over.
text: Norman appears with his one bag and his battery radio.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Ready?
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
speaker_heading: 165A
dialog: 166
speaker_heading: 166A
dialog: 167
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 107.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, CENTRAL JAIPUR - DAY 162
text: Sonny roars through the streets on his bike.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 163
text: Evelyn approaches.
text: She sees a taxi waiting outside the hotel.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRCASE, MARIGOLD HOTEL - CONTINUOUS 164
text: The houseboy is carrying Douglas and Jean’s bags down to
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD, MARIGOLD HOTEL - CONTINUOUS 165
text: Evelyn comes into the courtyard. Muriel is sitting there.
text: The two women stare at each other.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Do you want him to see you?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. JAIPUR 165A
text: Sonny is waiting at a junction, texting into his mobile
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: INT. DOUGLAS AND JEAN'S ROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 166
text: Douglas is checking they haven’t left anything. Jean is at
text: the door. She’s impatient.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Douglas ...
scene_heading: INT. CALL CENTRE - DAY 166A
text: Sunaina picks up her mobile, looks at the message.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. TAXI/STREET. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 167
text: Jean is sitting in the taxi, which is driven by BARUM.
text: Douglas climbs in.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: My wallet, I forgot my wallet.
dialog: One second.
text: Before Jean has a chance to say anything, he goes back in.
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
speaker_heading: 172A
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 108.
text: She watches him go.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD, MARIGOLD HOTEL - CONTINUOUS 168
text: Douglas comes back into the courtyard, heads towards the
text: staircase to Evelyn’s room.
text: Then Muriel speaks from her verandah.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
text: She’s not back yet.
text: Douglas stops. Beat.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then perhaps you could tell her I
dialog: said goodbye.
text: He turns and walks out.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S ROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - CONTINUOUS 169
text: Evelyn is at her window, listening. She turns to watch him
dialog: leave.
scene_heading: EXT. MARIGOLD HOTEL - CONTINUOUS 170
text: Douglas gets back into the taxi.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: (slamming the door)
dialog: False alarm. Had it the whole
dialog: time. Let’s go.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 171
scene_heading: EXT. CALL CENTRE - DAY 172
text: Sonny roars into the forecourt, gets off his bike, and runs
text: into the building.
text: A SECURITY GUARD goes to stop him, but Sonny's already
text: running up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL/LANDING. CALL CENTRE - DAY 172A
text: Sonny keeps going up, floor after floor.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 109.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Sunaina! Sunaina!
text: He reaches the seventh floor.
text: Jay appears on the landing above him.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: What's going on?
text: Sonny is doubled over, totally out of breath. Holds up a
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: JAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Sonny?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I need to see Sunaina!
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: Her shift’s not over. And when
dialog: it is, she doesn’t want to see
dialog: you.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Jay, you are the son my mother
dialog: wished I was; an intelligent man,
dialog: with a strong head for business.
dialog: You see things as they are, not
dialog: as you wish them to be. So fuck
dialog: off out of my way.
text: Jay doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont’d)
dialog: Or you can give her a message.
text: Sunaina is standing against the wall, unseen by Sonny,
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: SONNY (cont’d)
dialog: Tell her from me what I should
dialog: have told her the day we met.
dialog: What I will announce to anyone
dialog: who asks. And many who do not.
text: Sunaina speaks to Jay.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Including your mother?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Sonny)
dialog: Including my mother?
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: His mother.
dialog: 173
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 110.
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Sonny)
dialog: Your mother.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I will tell every mother in the
dialog: land.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: (to Jay)
dialog: What will you tell them?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Sonny)
dialog: What will you tell them?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The only thing that matters in
dialog: this world. That I love you.
dialog: And always will.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And by you, I mean Sunaina, Jay,
dialog: not you. Although if you are to
dialog: be my brother-in-law, I hope we
dialog: can become better friends.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Why is he only saying this now?
speaker_heading: JAY
dialog: (to Sunaina)
dialog: You ask him.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Why are you only saying this now?
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Because, Sunaina, love of my
dialog: life, no more will I believe that
dialog: I am not worthy, for only by
dialog: loving you as you deserve will I
dialog: become so.
text: On Sunaina’s face as she hears this.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, CENTRAL JAIPUR - DAY 173
text: The cacophonous sound of drumming: a small band of players
text: are beating out a deafening, syncopated rhythm as the
text: Ganeshi festival begins to unfold.
text: Sonny is on his bike, Sunaina riding side-saddle on the
text: back. They’re speeding through the city.
text: Sonny rockets through an arch way up a side street, is
text: confronted by a huge traffic jam. The Ganeshi procession is
text: bringing everything to a standstill.
text: He does a U-turn, speeds off back the way they came.
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: 174A
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 lll.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. TAXI/STREET - DAY 174
text: Douglas and Jean are sitting in the traffic jam.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: It’s funny. They call it rush
text: hour, but nothing actually moves.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s not that funny.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Although I suppose it’s all about
dialog: context, isn’t it? I mean -
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Douglas?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: If you say one more word, I’1l
dialog: kill you with my thumbs.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 174A
text: Muriel sits alone in the courtyard, under her awning.
text: Then Carol and Norman appear from reception, followed by
text: Mrs Kapoor. They cross towards the arch.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Where d’you think you’re going?
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: You may well ask.
text: Madge is sitting under the shade of a tree..
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: We’re moving in together.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Already?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: That point has been made.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
text: The hotel is closing.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Doesn’t have to.
text: Silence. Everyone stares at Muriel.
text: She takes out the spreadsheets.
dialog: 1748
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont'd)
dialog: I’ve been going over the
dialog: accounts.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, CENTRAL JAIPUR - DAY
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 174B
text: If anything, the traffic is now worse. Jean and Douglas's
text: taxi has progressed a few yards, and is now wedged into the
text: arch. The Ganeshi procession is completely blocking the far
text: entrance to the archway.
text: Jean gets out, looks at the sea of unmoving traffic ahead
dialog: and behind.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: This is ridiculous. It could go
dialog: on for hours. There’s no way
dialog: we're ever going to get out of
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Maybe there is.
text: A rickshaw arrives next to them, swerving through the
text: traffic. It is ridden by IFTI.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: You. Can you get us to the
dialog: airport?
speaker_heading: IFTI
dialog: Sorry long way sore legs not
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I'll give you everything I have.
speaker_heading: IFTI
dialog: Step right in mind your head
dialog: let’s go.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Come on, Douglas. Come on!
text: Douglas gets the suitcases out of the trunk of the cab.
speaker_heading: IFTI
dialog: Sorry no manage people and cases.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (grabbing her suitcases)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: IFTI
dialog: Not possible. Two person, no
dialog: cases; one person, and cases.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 113.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: (taking off her watch)
dialog: How about if I give you something
dialog: else? My watch?
speaker_heading: IFTI
dialog: (takes it)
dialog: Sure. Thank you. Still not
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: We'll get another flight. We can
dialog: go back to the hotel, and leave
text: in the morning.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Jean, you heard what he said. He
dialog: can't do it.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: He can do one person, and cases.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Yes, but ...
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: Could fate find a better way to
dialog: tell us what we need to hear?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Which is what?
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: That it’s over. It was over a
dialog: long long time ago.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: This is not the time to talk
dialog: about this. Let’s wait till we
dialog: get-
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: I have to go, Douglas.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS.
dialog: I won't let you.
speaker_heading: JEAN
dialog: No, you'll want to come after me.
dialog: Chase me to the airport and tell
dialog: me everything will be fine.
dialog: But please don't. Because the
dialog: truth is we both deserve more
dialog: than we've had. You’re just too
dialog: kind and too loyal to admit it.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 113A.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: JEAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I will be alright.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: I’m turning left.
text: She climbs onto the rickshaw.
dialog: 174¢
dialog: 175
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 114.
text: As the drumming intensifies, Douglas stands holding his
text: suitcase, watching her weave through the traffic and out of
dialog: sight.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 174¢
text: Sonny and Sunaina roar towards the hotel, drive into the
dialog: gate and up the path...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/COURTYARD. MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 175
text: Mrs Kapoor is studying the spreadsheets.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: I don't know what any of these
dialog: figures mean.
text: Sonny and Sunaina drive into the courtyard, screech to a
dialog: halt.
text: They dismount.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Mummyji? Mummyji!
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Right here, you do not need to
dialog: shout.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Do you remember what my father
dialog: used to say? That nothing happens
dialog: unless first we dream. Like him
dialog: I have dreamt, Mummyji, and like
dialog: him, I have failed. The Marigold
text: Hotel is crumbling into dust.
dialog: And it turns out I can live with
dialog: that. But the one thing I will
dialog: not do is live without this girl.
dialog: To whom I did not introduce you
dialog: properly before.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is Sunaina Shantanu Palawat.
dialog: The woman I love, and wish to
dialog: marry.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: I am very pleased to meet you,
dialog: Mrs Kapoor.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 115.
text: Sunaina puts out her hand. Mrs Kapoor will not take it.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: No. I forbid it. I forbid this
text: match. Utterly and completely.
dialog: Do you hear me, Sonny? This
dialog: cannot happen.
text: And then a low, rumbling sound comes from the corner. Like
text: a quiet volcano.
text: Young Wasim is speaking. It’s a long, poetic and heartfelt
dialog: speech.
dialog: Unfortunately it’s in Hindi.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: What is he saying?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: What he said to me, I imagine.
text: She turns to Sunaina.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (con’td)
dialog: Can you help?
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: He is saying ... he is saying
dialog: that he has been with this family
dialog: as long as he can remember.
dialog: Given them a lifetime of service.
dialog: And that he remembers another
dialog: fight, between two young people
dialog: and their parents. And he
dialog: remembers the moment where the
text: young man stood up to his mother
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: «+. and said yes, I want to marry
dialog: this woman. Yes, she is from a
dialog: different community. But she is
dialog: smart, she is beautiful, and I
dialog: love her.
dialog: Long pause.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t know who he’s talking
dialog: about.
text: She offers Sunaina her hand.
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR (cont’d)
dialog: Take care of my favourite son.
text: Sunaina shakes her hand.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 116.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: So I’m not clear now. Am I
dialog: staying or going?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Depends how you read the
dialog: accounts.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The accounts?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Turns out the original plan is
dialog: good, it works. Just not in the
text: hands of an imbecile.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: I knew that plan was good!
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: What the place needs is more
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Unfortunately my investor, Mr
dialog: Maruthi has decided that while he
dialog: greatly admires my endeavors, he
dialog: cannot -
speaker_heading: MURIEL
text: He's reconsidered.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: You spoke to him?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: So long as there is someone to
dialog: help the manager.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The manager needs no help.
speaker_heading: SUNAINA
dialog: Sonny...
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: The manager needs a little help.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: (to Norman)
dialog: So will you stay?
text: Norman looks at Carol.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'd like to.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 117.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: In the shack on the roof?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I sleep in the trees.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: (to Carol)
dialog: We have a double room. Bathroom
text: ensuite. And a fully working
dialog: door.
text: He points to Graham’s room.
speaker_heading: SONNY (CONT’D)
text: A guest has recently checked out.
text: Madge can’t believe he just said that.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I'll think about it.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: (to Madge)
dialog: Mrs Hardcastle ? You’re staying.
speaker_heading: MADGE
dialog: On my own?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: You're off your game. Lost your
dialog: confidence, maybe. But you're a
dialog: thoroughbred. You’1l be back.
text: Madge smiles.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (con’td)
dialog: And what about you, Mrs
dialog: Greenslade?
text: Evelyn has come down, unnoticed by all. Except Muriel.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What about me, Mrs Donnelly?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: We haven't talked much, you and
dialog: I.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: My loss, evidently.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m not sure what I should do.
dialog: Nothing here has quite worked out
dialog: as I hoped.
scene_heading: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 117A.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Most things don’t. But sometimes
dialog: what happens instead is the good
dialog: stuff.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: 175A
speaker_heading: 175B
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 118.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont'd)
dialog: Haven’t you got work in the
dialog: morning?
text: Evelyn nods.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont'd)
dialog: Besides, he’1ll be back.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You don’t know him. He’s the
dialog: most loyal man I’ve ever met.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: 50,000 rupees says I’m right. At
dialog: your current salary that should
dialog: take you three months to pay off.
text: Muriel stands up. Everybody stares. She starts to walk
text: slowly but proudly across the courtyard. She reaches the
text: doorway, turns back.
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: If you'll excuse me, someone's
dialog: waiting to help me make mango
dialog: chutney. Why did no one tell me
dialog: about that stuff?
speaker_heading: MRS KAPOOR
dialog: Who is the new assistant manager?
speaker_heading: MURIEL
dialog: Why? Are you thinking of
dialog: applying for the job?
text: She gestures for her wheelchair.
text: Sonny rushes up with it. She sinks down.
speaker_heading: MURIEL (cont’d) )
dialog: That’s enough exercise for one
dialog: day.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT ROAD. JAIPUR - EVENING 175A
text: Jean sits in the rickshaw, surrounded by her luggage,
text: carried by Ifti’s strong legs towards her future.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
text: Day 51. The only real failure is
dialog: the failure to try.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S ROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - EVENING 175B
text: Evelyn is at her computer typing.
dialog: 175¢
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 119.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0O.)
dialog: And the measure of success is how
dialog: we cope with disappointment. As
dialog: we always must.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, CENTRAL JAIPUR - NIGHT 175¢
text: Douglas, still holding his suitcase, is surrounded by
text: Ganeshi drummers, silhouetted against the lights of the
dialog: city.
text: The sound fades as he disappears into the celebration, and
text: is replaced by the gentle sound of temple bells, ringing
dialog: for morning prayers.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: We came here, and we tried. All
dialog: of us, in our different ways.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN’S ROOM, MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 176
text: Evelyn is still sitting, fully dressed in her room. She’s
dialog: been up all night.
text: Her alarm clock buzzes. She turns it off.
scene_heading: EXT. EVELYN’S TERRACE, MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 177
text: Evelyn comes out of her room, walks across the terrace.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD, MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 178
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.)
dialog: Some achieved more than others.
dialog: but we did our best. Nothing
dialog: else matters.
text: Evelyn walks through the courtyard, and on out of the
dialog: hotel.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN/PATHWAY, MARIGOLD HOTEL - MORNING 179
text: Evelyn walks down the path towards the street.
text: Then Douglas comes through the gate, with his suitcase.
text: They stand there, looking at each other for a moment.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Good morning.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 120.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: It is, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You’re still here.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: I missed the plane.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What about Jean?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: She didn't.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont'd)
dialog: (putting down his
dialog: suitcase)
dialog: I had quite an interesting night,
dialog: actually. I met the same taxi
dialog: driver, but this time I let him
dialog: take me to his brother's hotel.
dialog: Which turned out to be less of a
text: hotel, and more of a brothel,
dialog: really. They gave me this pipe,
dialog: said it was apple tobacco, but
dialog: that’s not what we called it when
dialog: I was a student. So I made my
dialog: excuses and left, wanted some
dialog: time to think. This city at
dialog: night is extraordinary.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Of course the apple tobacco
dialog: helped.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Guess what? I finally saw an
dialog: elephant.
dialog: Silence for a bit.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I’m late for work.
text: She goes past him.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
text: She stops, turns.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS (cont'd)
dialog: What time do you finish?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I get back about 5.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Tea time.
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 180A
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 121.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: How do you take it?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: With a little milk.
text: She turns and walks away.
text: She’s smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET, JAIPUR - DAY 180
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.O.)
dialog: Perhaps it's true: we don’t stop
dialog: Playing because we grow old, we
dialog: grow old because we stop playing.
text: Douglas is haggling with a motorbike mechanic. He seems to
dialog: be having more success with the price than in earlier days.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, MARIGOLD HOTEL - DAY 180A
text: Carol is lying on Norman’s bed, reading a book, while he
text: washes his socks in a bucket.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: All we really know about the
dialog: future is that it will be
dialog: different.
scene_heading: EXT. VICEROY CLUB. JAIPUR - DAY 181
text: Madge is chatting vivaciously to someone. It’s the elegant
text: older man we saw earlier. And he seems utterly smitten.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: So we must celebrate the changes.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. JAIPUR - DAY 182
text: Sonny and Sunaina race through the streets on his
text: motorbike. Sonny raises a fist in salute.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0O.)
dialog: Let them come. Bring them on.
dialog: Because as someone once said,
dialog: everything will be alright in the
dialog: end ...
dialog: 2nd Green Revisions 10/01/11 122.
text: Coming from the other direction, another motorbike, Douglas
text: at the handlebars, returning Sonny’s greeting.
text: And on the pillion seat, riding side-saddle, her scarf
text: flying in the breeze, is Evelyn, on her way home from work.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: So if it's really not alright,
dialog: then trust me: it’s not yet the
dialog: end.
dialog: 
