dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: by ‘
dialog: Kim Henkel
dialog: an
dialog: Tobe Hoopér
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEATAERPACE
scene_heading: EXTZRIOR DaY
text: There is no sound. The sun is larger than the frame
text: and white hot. A’ long, golden arc sweeps across the
text: upper right hand corner; it is the explosive, gaseous
text: profile of the sun. There 1s a burst of lisht and a
text: liquid rooe of moltent gases arcs into space and then
text: slowly,. heavily falls back to the sum
text: The yellow-white sun nearly fills the frame. There is
text: a low, crackling nolse. The sun begins to disolve and to
text: become an eyes, the purple slazed eye of a dead dog..
text: Flies swarm tne staring eye and the crackling nolse
text: becomes the buzzing of the flies.
text: In the extreme foreground and to the right of center
text: is tne long dead and putrid carcass of a dog. The
text: lower jaw, nearly ripped from the head, hangs wildly
text: aakew. The belly is a living, writhing mass of grey
text: Maggots;:flies swarm the purple, glazed eyes... The
text: sercass lies some feet from the shoulder of a narror,
text: ehuckholed two lane nlghwey..It-1is ulday and midsummer
text: and the brutal southwestern sun blasts the dusty,.
text: chocking landscape. The air is sttil and neavy..
text: In the background is the out of focus trage of a van..
scene_heading: BEGIN CREDITS AND TITLEs OVER
text: Background noise is tae sound of a radio being tuned..
text: Tidbits of a variety of news programs, music and’
text: commercails are heard. The news prosrams detail an
dialog: unusual number of natural disasters.
speaker_heading: PHANKLIN (VOICE OVER)
dialog: Did you feél my ribs?
speaker_heading: . , SALLY (VOICE OVER)
dialog: Yes. I couldn't feel anything.
speaker_heading: PAM (VOICE OVER)
dialog: We're all just victins of the tines.
text: The focus of the camera begins to change and as Lt
text: _ changes a white.van parted on the road shoulddr in
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~ 3. Gont..
text: the background becomes distinct.
speaker_heading: ‘PRANKLIN (VOICE OVER) "
dialog: Hers..e. Put your fingers nere. ‘
dialog: 
text: Before the camera has completed its change of focus:
text: the gide door of the van opens and Kirk, a handsome,,
text: well built-yomg man leaps out, turng to- face the |
text: interlor of the van and begins struggling to remove.
text: two long boards. He igs assisted by an auburn hatred
text: girl, Pam, who remains inside the van. The thin
text: silvery tinckling of tiny bells comes from the
text: interior of the van.
speaker_heading: KIRK (VOICE OVER)
dialog: H Your old chair could use a bandeaid too,
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (VOICE OVER)
dialog: There you feel that space.
scene_heading: ! : JERRY (VOICE OVER)
dialog: What's shat supposed to mean? The gods
dialog: : are against us.
speaker_heading: SPAM (VOICE. OVER)
dialog: No. It's because Saturn's in retrogrades.
speaker_heading: JERRY (VOICE OVER)
dialog: We're star crossed. Is that 1t?
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN (VOICE OVER)
dialog: OWiwine. There. You feel that space?
dialog: 
text: eo A young man, Jerry,.can be sean behind the wheel of the
text: van and opposite him and nearer the camera is seated
text: a beautiful blond girl, Sally.
text: Kirk has made a makeshift ramp of the two beards.
text: Pranklin,,a young man in a wheelchair, appears at the
text: door of the van. He 1s assisted by the auburn haired
text: girl, Pam who wears a bracelet from which dangle tiny
text: silvery tells. Kirk also assists and together they
text: manuever Franklin dow the sagging ramp to the ground..
text: Kirk wheels Franklin around tne comer of the van and
text: away from the highway.’ Pam sits in the doorway of she
dialog: van.
speaker_heading: CUT Tor
dialog: 1 .
text: | The far side of the van;- Franklin and Kirk walk into
text: | frame from tne highway side of the van. |
dialog: \ Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (J
dialog: 2 Cont.
speaker_heading: SALLY (VOICE OVER)
dialog: Nooese It feels 0.K. to me..
speaker_heading: PAM (VOICE OVER)
dialog: Not exactly.
speaker_heading: KIRK (VOICE OVER)
dialog: (Teasing)
dialog: You asked. for it.
speaker_heading: JERRY (VOICE OVER)
dialog: So what's retrograde?
speaker_heading: PAM (VOICZ OVER)
dialog: Well...I don't know if T can explain
dialog: 2t. I thinks...
speaker_heading: KIRK (VOICE OVER)
dialog: Don't believe it.
speaker_heading: PAM (VOICE OVER, CONT:.)
dialog: Teleit's Like when onesese
text: . Beyond the shoulder of. the road is a steep, rocky
text: hillside. Kirk wheels Franklin down. the hill a few
text: yards and stops just beyond a clump or gnarled cedare
text: He then turns and heada for the van.
text: Pranklin wriggles forward in his chair, wnzips his
text: trousers and relieves himself on the greund in front
dialog: of the chair, .
speaker_heading: PAM (VOICE OVER, CONT..)
dialog: «ee planet passes another one--it would have
dialog: to be going faster, I guess, or be closer
dialog: to the sun=-and its orbitecss
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN (VOICE OVER)
dialog: 7 don't believe in that stuff...
speaker_heading: SALLY (VOICE OVER)
dialog: You dont believe in anything.
scene_heading: Pam (VOICE OVER, CONT...)
dialog: eosis elleptical SO Lttseeee-
speaker_heading: JERSY (VOICE OVER)
dialog: You shouldn't.
speaker_heading: KRIK (VOICE OVER)
dialog: Nobody ever told Frankln the moon affects.
dialog: the tide.
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: 2 Cont.
speaker_heading: PAM (VOICE OVER)
dialog: ee Going away from youses
speaker_heading: JERRY (VOICE OVER)
dialog: (Teasing)
dialog: Ah! I hear the loonies really get arazy
dialog: when there's a full moon. (To Pam) Sorry.
dialog: Go ahead, :
speaker_heading: SaLLY (VOICE. OVER)
dialog: Do they really. That's funny.
text: There is a distant rumbling and then a giant diesel,
text: two trallers in tandem, tops the crest of the nearest
text: hill. The diesel roars past the windblast rocking the
text: Vane Kirk, approaching the van, is buffeted by the blast.
scene_heading: . PRANKLIN
dialog: Allilisececece!
text: STOP CREDITS AND TITLES
speaker_heading: _CUT TOs
text: Down the slope Praniclin careens out of control.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Kirk, Pam, Jerry and Sally react. to Pranklin's delina.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Pranklin slides and bounces over the loose, snifting,,
text: rough earth, rushing neadlong in a fash of roalky debris
text: down the slope. Cluups like bearded heads of sere
text: buffalo grass. smash the wheels rearing and tossing
text: the rushing chair: stunted spiny,sgrowths, hairy clawing
text: cedar and serubby, gnarled oak rip and tear at him as~
text: he hurtles past. Se hauls desperately on the hand brake
text: to no avail,, takes the hot rubher wheels in his hands
text: and is nearly thrown from She chair the flesh burned
text: from his palms. Twoard the botton of the hill the
text: Slope drops in snort. stens from rocky table to taole.
text: Franklin reaches the first step and is launched into
text: the air. fe lands with’a terrific crash some tem feet
text: beyond and nearly upon the next step. The table is
text: strewm with rough and broken plates of rack and as
text: hs 1g upon she next step the ohalr bounces over a
text: large loose plate and topples as they become airbourne.
text: Franklin crashes heavily to the ground and slides to:
text: a helt against the gnarled scrubby stump of an ancient
text: cedar. The chair leans the cable and orashes on the
text: rocks at the Wase of the slope.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 2 cont,
text: Franklin lies motlonless crumplei against. the tree
dialog: stunpe
speaker_heading: CUT Tos
text: Pam and Sally are huddled anxiously close together
text: beside the van; Kirk and Jerry leap down the slope.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
text: There 1s a low moan from Pranklin..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
speaker_heading: OWMWIIW
text: One frail arm begins to creep forward. Thin talon
text: like fingers oluton atza rocky extrusion,, tighsen,
text: the arm strains and Franklin drags his useless
text: legs slowly forward..
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: EXTERIOR DAY
text: The van ta passing through a ameall tow. The tow
dialog: has apparently seen better days. Much of the business
text: district 1s boarded up and a number of the residences
text: are seemingly vacant. :
text: The tuning of the radio continues.
text: CONTINUES ‘CREDITS AND TITLES OVER.
scene_heading: 4& TNPERTOR DAY VAN
text: The van is a camival of junk;:it 1s littered with
text: camping and sking gear, ite walls erudely sprayed with
dialog: polyurethane foam.
text: Jerry,.2 young man, 25, with short curly red hair,
text: arives, Sally ts seated enposite him but has twisted
text: in her seat and faces the rear of the van where Franilin
text: is seated in his wheel chair directly behind Jerry.
text: Pranklin toys with a cheap switchblade imife. Kirk
text: 14 seated on the floor opposite Franklin. Pam ts in
text: the rear but. leans over the front seat. talking to
dialog: Jerry...
speaker_heading: PAK (Cont.) :
dialog: Well,, Saturn looks like it's going baciward
text: wnen the other planet starts catching un..
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: % cont.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (fo gaily)
dialog: Heyt This 14 Newt.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Newt?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: : (He is baiting Pam)
text: It*g in retrograde when it looks like its
dialog: going tackward. But it's not really. Yeah,
dialog: I get it..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN :
dialog: Grandpa's old house isn't far from here.
speaker_heading: PAM «i
dialog: Alright. Listen. (She piols up a book and
dialog: reads from it.) "The condition of retrogradation...:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, let*s go by and see it!
dialog: Pam (Cont. )
dialog: *.eeis contrary or inharmonoug to the regular
text: direction of actual movement in the zodiacess.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: You guys don't know when to quit.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yeaht
dialog: Paw (Cont.)
dialog: ",eeand is in that respect evil.” Uh... "When
text: malefic planets are in retrograde..." SaturnIs malefic,
dialog: “,setheir malefic 1s increased."
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What's malefio?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: That means they cause vad things to happen.
dialog: Saturn's a-bed influence anytine but
text: especailly now “cause it's in retrograde.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Serrye.e?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: {To Kirk)
dialog: Hey,.man, you believe all this stuff your old
dialog: lady's telling me?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KRIK |
dialog: T don't kmow, You got a better reason? .
speaker_heading: SALLY :
scene_heading: TArITy e207?
speaker_heading: PAM !
dialog: I didn't say it necessarily caused At. It
dialog: just -happens that way. Nothing goes right
dialog: when Saturn's in retrograde. |
speaker_heading: SaLLy
dialog: Me and Franklin want to go by our Grandfather's
dialog: old house. It near here..
text: Pranklin pulls his shirtcollar away from his throat
text: then wipes his oily face with his shirtail. '
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
text: Ugh. It's hot. It's making me crazy.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: How can you explain everything golng wrong.
dialog: Not just ons thing or @ coup;e- of things,
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: {To Sally, teasing)
dialog: You don't want to do that.
scene_heading: END CREDITS AND TITLES
scene_heading: EXTERIOR DAY:- GRAVEYARD
text: Close up of hand and forearm of sneet sovered body. The
text: bodyr has evidently not been dead for long as the flesh,
text: though grey and bloated,, has not yet begun to decay and
text: the burial clothing is in good. condition.
text: The focus changes:: the hand and forearm go soft and the
text: background cones in sharp. There is a great deal of activity,
text: noise and confusion in the graveyard..
text: Uniformed sheriffs deputies scuttle back and forth;: laborers-
text: are at work over several of the graves,..A- crowd of locals
text: has gathered at the entrance to She graveyard. Several
text: dozen cars are parked on elther side of the highway
text: bordering the sraveyari..A uniformed denuty stands at the
text: entry and waves slow moving gawlking travelers dow the
text: highway and restrains sourioug locals and persistant news
dialog: peovle.
dialog: cur TO:
text: A group of locals has gathered around @ battered pickup }
text: parked on She shoulder of the highway. A women is in the \
dialog: Cont...
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: QO
dialog: -6 Cont.
text: cab of the pickups: she cradles a fitfull infant in her
text: arus,.Small children rum shouting in and out of the
text: group gathered around the pickup. In the trusk bed
text: there is a washtub full of beer and ice. At the frings
text: of the group are several women;-they rarely speak
dialog: and wake themselves as inconspicuous es possible.
text: The men include a burly middleaged red faced tan,
text: & younger’men, about 35, wearing western clothins,.
text: @ swarthy dark haired man with a prominent stomach,
text: several teenage boys, and one very old man who squats
text: beside a car parked beside the piciup. 3eer is much
dialog: in evidence.
text: Noise from the. other elements of the
dialog: orow, can be heard,
dialog: Cur TO:
text: Cleegsup of swarthy, beer bellied man opening: Longneck bottle
dialog: of Shiner beer on cah. of piciun..
dialog: CUT TOs; -
text: Cut to closeup of pook marked man gesturing with stogie.
speaker_heading: : RED :
dialog: T wouldn't give you jJaokshit for ever one o*
text: them turds.. (He hitches up his sagging kaki
dialog: trousers) And don’t give me none of that. civil
dialog: rignts crap..Civil rights ny asse.Them sombitcnes:
dialog: sit up there in Washington ain't never seem the
dialog: Kind of scum they got in a county jail.
dialog: cur To:
text: Closeup of young man in western clothess.
dialog: ~ cowBoy
dialog: Hell, Jack,. you mow me, I ain't got no time
dialog: for them fat ass lawyers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Tights shot ofentire group.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: T know you don't. I kmow your daddy and he wipped
dialog: your butt when you needed it. Aintt that right.
speaker_heading: cowBOy
dialog: You're right.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Godamn right I'm right..
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 6 Conte.
scene_heading: ey BEER BELLY
dialog: i I can remember my daddy taking a stick to my -
dialog: young: ass a time or two myself. Didn't hurt oe
dialog: nonee
dialog: Done you good.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: They'’s some you can't never do nothin’ with ‘em.
text: A thin, leathery skinned,. middle aged'man joins the group. |
dialog: . !
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: They done found two more empty sraves..
dialog: (Shakes head in righteous disgust) |
dialog: Must be somebody escaped from the state nospital.. |
speaker_heading: : THIN MAN
dialog: They say it's got to be somebody from these parta.
dialog: They jast taking bodies ain't been in the ground
dialog: more than a day or two near as they can figure...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: () Mrs. Calpepper said she seen some lights moving
dialog: ot around out-here not more than a week ago..
speaker_heading: OLD: KAN
dialog: _ It don't come as no surprise to née.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Wheat are you talking about old man?
speaker_heading: . OLD HAN
dialog: They's just :some things happened’ in my time not
dialog: many can tell about..
scene_heading: 7 + EATSRTOR DAY: VAN ON HIGEWAY
text: The van approaches the graveyard.:
scene_heading: 8 INTERIOR DAY: VAN ON HIGHWAY
dialog: .
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: watt (Looks ahead to graveyard)
text: Franklin wheels around to face forward...
dialog: Conte.
dialog: Ne
dialog: 10
dialog: 8 Gont.
speaker_heading: 3S
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Hey! Slow down.. Stop. I think this is-where
dialog: Grandpa's buried. (To Gaily) Isn't that the
dialog: place. .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: TZ think se!
text: They nave slowed almost to a stop and are now before the
text: entranoe to the graveyard.
text: Ask him what happened. (Referring to the deputy
text: guarding the entry) .
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Hey, what happened?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: (Waves then on.)
dialog: Move on. Move on.
scene_heading: 9. EXTERIOR DAY: GRAVEYARD ENTRY
dialog: !
dialog: )
scene_heading: FRANKLIN. ,
dialog: ,
text: The deputy waves them on and they pull away. ,
scene_heading: |“ 10 INTERIOR DaY:: VAN BSPORE GRAVEYaRgn:
speaker_heading: ‘ FRANKLIN
dialog: Pull. over. Pull over there.. Let's find out what's
text: going on.
text: The van moves slowly up the highway wmtil it comes abreast
text: the group of ‘locals which includes the pock faced man..
text: Franklin oranes his-head out the window and yells to them.
speaker_heading: : FRANKLIN
dialog: What. happened?
scene_heading: 11 EXTERIOR Dav: GRAVEYARD:
text: The locals look at the travelers..
scene_heading: i : CowBOY
dialog: Been somebody broke into some graves.
scene_heading: TEENAGER .
dialog: : They stole some bodies..
scene_heading: ‘12° oyp to: SXPERIOR Da¥: Van |
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: The van has stopped on the shoulder of the road,. Pan
text: and Sally watch as Kirk and Jerry wheel Franilin down
text: the makeshift rampe.
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: Co
dialog: 13
dialog: -Al
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR DAY: GRAVEZARD
dialog: '
dialog: I
dialog: \
text: Sally, Jerry, Kirk, Pam and Pranklin join the group
text: of locals. There follons various shots of introductions,,
dialog: exohanges*of information. :
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: What happened? My grandfather's buried here. .
dialog: Gould we find out if anything happened to him...
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: What's your grandaddy's name.
text: BESR BELLY directs Franklin to the deputy who guards
dialog: the entrance to the graveyard. :
scene_heading: BELLY . '
dialog: You. see that old boy standing up. there with 1
dialog: the flashlight. That's the sherriff. You just \
dialog: tell him your-grandaddy's buried hers. .
text: The cowboy speaks to Jérry. He is very much taken with
text: Sally and volunteers to direct her to the sheriff. He
text: takes Sally by the arm and leads her through the crowds.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: > Say, , fellow, I'm going to gun off with your
dialog: girl eminute. You don’t mind doyou. (He smiles
text: Patronizingly and claps Jerry on the shoulder.)
text: The cowboy has Sally by the arm and is pulling her through
text: the crowd... He calls the deputy guarding the entry as he movesz.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Bill. Hey,, Bill. Over here...
text: He speaks to individuals in the sorowd as they pass.
dialog: cowsor
dialog: Let. me through. This girls:¢crandaddy''s buried
dialog: heres
text: Sally is. braless and her breasts boumee enticingly beneath
text: the thin fabric of her teshirt.: Two teen age boys sit on
text: top ofthe cab of an old truck watvh her-and grin stlly,.
text: adolescent grins at one another...
text: Those persons in the crowd nearest to the graveyard cover
text: their noses and uouthes with nandkeroniefse The oder of
text: the exhumed bodies is very strong.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NE
dialog: 12
dialog: 13 conte. |
dialog: . -
text: —~ Frentlin wheels through tne crowd toward the sheriff.
text: € < He has some difficulty. The terrain is rough, the crowd
text: po dense and his chair badly damaged.
text: ‘Occasional tidbits of conversation are clear above the
text: general clamor of the crowd.
dialog: . : CROWD...
dialog: They done found more than one that's missing..
dialog: Sheriff seys it-must have been going on a:
dialog: long time. :
text: Old Bill shore 4s ripe and not dead a week..
dialog: You hear that..They just tore the head off
dialog: and left the rest to rot,.
dialog: Got any idea who done it.
dialog: Why in hell would anybody want to rob a poor
dialog: Mans. gravee.
text: There 4s a bar ditch between the group of locals and the
text: deputy. Pranilin lets himself down tha incline and then
dialog: cannot make it. up the far side..aZe spends the entire
text: gcene struggling to climb out of the bar diteh and
text: calling for assistance. He 1s unheard or ignored. .
speaker_heading: GO
text: Sélly and the Cowboy talk with the deputy sheriff..
text: Jerry, Kirk and Pam remain with the group of Locals..
text: They lean against a car parked opposite the battered
text: pickup. The red faced man is speaking. Kirk nurses.a
dialog: heer given him by the locals.
dialog: Gonts.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: }
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: ;
dialog: }
dialog: |
dialog: 
speaker_heading: i—
dialog: 
dialog: 13 Cont..
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: RED
text: He’d'done changed the tire and wae about to throw
dialog: the flat up in his truck when this guy come out of
text: the graveyard drasging a body. Must have been in
dialog: . there all tne time and didn't even know Clyde was
text: there..Dam near stepped on him. Lett out a squeal’
text: like a bitch hog in heat.
text: A large, .hairy bear like man guffaws and begins to do his
text: best to imitate a pig squealing. This continues through the
dialog: next several lLiness.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: (Cont. }
dialog: Hell it scared the living piss out of Clyde... He
dialog: didn't know what happened.. -
speaker_heading: BEER BELLY
dialog: Hell, he thought somebody'a been murdered...
text: Laughter from the sroup..
dialog: Laughter:
speaker_heading: TAIN NAN
text: The hell of tt wag 1t's his own brother... dadn't:
dialog: been buried a week...
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: Sald he done a@ hundred between here and town.
scene_heading: SECOND. TEENAGER
dialog: That old truck of his«bde luols to do > fatty ona
dialog: good day.
dialog: Pan
dialog: He didn't mow 1t was. his brother.
speaker_heading: . RSD
dialog: Heil,. tf he hadn't been pointed in the right
dialog: direction he'd'a wound up in Nexico before he knew
dialog: the difference. °
text: Sally and the Cowboy continue talking so the deputy.
text: Pranklin is still trapped im the bar diten.
text: Pam, Kirk and Jerry remain with the locals.
dialog: Gont..
dialog: 
dialog: 5
dialog: i
dialog: 4
dialog: ;
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 18
dialog: 43 cont.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: eeethings happen heresbouts they don't never tell
dialog: about. I see things. .
scene_heading: . BEER BELLY
dialog: Don't let thatold man scare you.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You. see. They just say it's am old man talking..
text: Pock grins-and lifts his ‘beer bottle in a toast to Kirk;: Kiri
text: smiles. and returns the toast.
speaker_heading: OLD HAN
dialog: . You laugh at an old man. They’s=them that*laugh
dialog: and Imow better.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I believe you,.
scene_heading: 14% EXTERIOR DAY: VAN ON HIGHWAY
text: The van movea down the same narrow highway..Jerry and’
text: Sdlly are up front..Xirk, Pam and Pranklin are in the
text: rears.
speaker_heading: . : JERRY
dialog: Your grandfather's a vampire. That's:what it
dialog: ia.
text: The. van coughs, sputters and lags.
text: KIRK.
dialog: (To Jerry) .
dialog: We're going to have to fix’ that,.man, It's
dialog: getting worse.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: He is not. He's still there...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Hets the king vampire. Ze doesn't ever have to
dialog: do anything. The other vampires bring nim blood...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (Coughs)
dialog: What's that? Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 15
dialog: 14 Cont.
speaker_heading: cy JERRY
dialog: a . (Coughs, gasps.)
dialog: I. don “tt. kmowe
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: PA |
dialog: What is that? : |
scene_heading: : PRANKLIN |
dialog: Hey,. that's that old slaughterhouse. Grandpa
text: | - Jerry and Sally rell up their windows as quickly as possible.
dialog: used to sell his cattle there.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Look at that. (Points ahead)
scene_heading: 15 EXTERIOR DAY:- SLAUGATERHOUSZ
text: They come abreast of huge pens. Cattle cover the hill like
text: a@ brown plague. They are so tightly packed and the yards so
text: pest thatnothing but the red brown smear of their color can
dialog: @ geen.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: We have an uncle that works at one of these
dialog: places just outside of Houston. Look at those .
dialog: i aos . buildings. That's where then kill them. He was \
dialog: CH the guy that kills them..They even call him the
text: Killer. They used to bash them in the head with
dialog: @ sledgeces
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ugh. I'd. hate to work in a place like that.
speaker_heading: KQBK
dialog: It's probably the only place around here people
dialog: can work.. .
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (Conte) -
dialog: oe -hammer'or something like that. Half ths time it
dialog: wouldn't ill them the first time and they would
text: start squealing and freaking out and the guy would
dialog: have to whack them two or three times and then they
dialog: would skin them sometimes even before they were
dialog: ddad. >
scene_heading: 16 INTERIOR vaN PAH
dialog: . That's horrible.
dialog: se
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (Shudders}
dialog: \ Ugh.
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 16
dialog: 16 Cont.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: People shouldn't rill other animals for food.
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: They don't do it like thatanynore.. They have this:
text: big air gun Saing that shoots a bolt into their
text: skull and then retracts. (He aims an imaginary
dialog: gun) Bam,, bam, ban.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SaLLy
dialog: IT Like meat..I just don’t like to think about
dialog: those places.
speaker_heading: , PAM
dialog: Sally! That's. terrible. They're: sti1l killing
dialog: them; just teoause you don't have to see.
text: Pranklin mops his face wita his shirtail.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: }
dialog: ' It's hot..
text: ' They are approaching the main entrance to the slaughterhouse..
text: ‘ Tiere.is a large sign with the name of the slaughterhouse in
text: . large block letters. Seyond she entry there 1s a lone figure
text: ‘ standing on the shoulder of the highway. Hearing the approaching
text: van he turns to face it and stick out his thumb.
speaker_heading: IO
speaker_heading: oS SALLY
dialog: Hitchiker,
speaker_heading: _ JERRY
dialog: Want. to pick nim up?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Yeah. Pick him up. He'ill asphyxiate out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: PAL
dialog: What does he look like?
speaker_heading: : FRANKLIN
dialog: To hell with the son of a bitenh. He's going to
text: smell like tnat slaughterhouse.
speaker_heading: SaLLX~ :
dialog: He's~kind of wlert’ looking. (Enthustastiorlly)
dialog: Let's pick him up.
speaker_heading: _ JERRY
dialog: What do you want to do?
text: Pam looks at the hitchiker /
dialog: o ’ , Cont...
dialog: 
dialog: d
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: ON
dialog: 17
dialog: Cont. : -
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: He is wierd Looking. .Kirkdecs
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Pick him up.
text: Jerry begins to deaccelergte..
speaker_heading: - PAH
dialog: evodon't pick him up. (To Jerry)
dialog: Don't stop. Don't stop.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR DaYs: EIGHWay
text: ‘They are almost beside the hitchixer and the van has slowed
text: and begun to veer to the shoulder of the road. The nitchiker
text: assumes that they are stopping and runs toward the van,.
text: bulging gunny sack tied to his belt bangs against his legs:
text: as he runs..Jerry accelerates again but the van cougs,. sputters
dialog: and lags..
scene_heading: _ INTERIOR DAY:- VAN
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: AW, pick hin up.
text: Jerry swerves off the highway and stops the van.
speaker_heading: : PAM
dialog: To don't think we should pick him up...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Relaz,, Pam, we'ill beat him up if he tries to
dialog: get you.
speaker_heading: FEANKLIN
text: the son of a bitch 1s going to stink. up ‘the
dialog: van. . .
speaker_heading: SaLLy
dialog: It's been a bad day for you hasn't it. Poor
dialog: Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
speaker_heading: AWeees
dialog: .
text: Kirk opens the side door to admit the hitchiker.. The
text: hitohiker enters the van and seats himself quickly on
text: the mattress, Kirk closes the door and sits down on the
text: floor beside Pan,
dialog: Cont...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 18
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Let's go.
text: The van take s off sputtering and coughing.
text: The hitchiker is a strange looking man. de is young,.
text: perhaps 25,. slender and fair complected, dis nair is
text: carrot solored,.fine and curly and clings tight to his
text: bony skull..His fine boned face is marred by a strange
text: discoloration which begins just below the right nostril |
text: and rims, increasing in breath, dow the side of his face,.
text: under his shin to his throat where 1% disappears beneath
dialog: hie kaki shir collar..de eyes,.one of which 1s almost
text: covered with a thick,. milky cataract, have a strange unfocused:
dialog: look about them..dia face and*arms are covered with '
text: a:mumber of small scabby sores. He wears: faded* blue jeans
text: tucked into anaient combat bhoots;:a battered old' polaroid 1
text: flash camera hangs from a leather thong around: his -neck,,
text: A‘strangely bulging gumny sack is tied at his waist and’
text: drags behind him. He is a bit breathless from his mn, |
text: Pranklin does not give him a chanoe to recover.
speaker_heading: : FRANKLIN
dialog: You getting. off on the smell of all that blood,
dialog: man?
text: The hitchixer looks at Franklin in a vague way but does not:
text: respond for a long monent.
speaker_heading: HITCRIKER
dialog: It's a good smell.
dialog: Oh,,I don't like it.
scene_heading: FRANKLIN . -
dialog: I think we just picked up Dracula.
text: Pam doesnot look at the. hitohiker directly; she still feels
text: the edze of the panic which earlier touched her..
text: KIRK.
dialog: Where you neaded,. man?
speaker_heading: * aITCHTSER:
dialog: South,
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You could have fooled me. I thought we were
text: headed due north..
dialog: Cont.-
dialog: | . : —_—
dialog: 1
dialog: 18 «cont. 3
text: The hitchiker turns his fuzzy stare on Franklin but does’
dialog: not. respond. .
speaker_heading: KIRK
text: Eerhad‘a little accldent--still doesn't
dialog: know where he is.-
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You work at that place?
speaker_heading: HITCHIKE2:
dialog: Noe.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: How did you get stuck way out here?
speaker_heading: HITCEIKE2
dialog: I was at the slaughterhouse.
speaker_heading: , FRANKLIN |
dialog: I have an umole that works at a slaughterhousa. '
speaker_heading: HITCHIX&2
dialog: My brother-worked there,.mny grandfather....
dialog: My family's always been in meat..
scene_heading: SALLY .
dialog: Don't. start talking about thatplace again..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN.
text: AY whole family of! draculas.. dey,.man,. di@ you go '
dialog: into the slaughter room or whatever: they call it..
dialog: The place where they shoot the. cattle with the
dialog: 
dialog: : air gun..
speaker_heading: HITCHTKER
dialog: Yes,.1t's nice, out the gue’
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I was there once with my uncle..
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: eects not goad. The old way, with the sledge,
dialog: 1s better; they die better..
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (To Pranklin)
dialog: You like talking about morbld things.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: How come? I thought. the gun was better.
speaker_heading: HITC2IKER
dialog: No,, I Like the old way better.. A lot. of people
dialog: don't have work now with the new way..
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 18
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . KIRK
dialog: You used to do that?
speaker_heading: . FRANKLIN
dialog: You do that,, man?
speaker_heading: EITCHIKER
dialog: Yes..I was the killer.' I don’t do it anymore..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: How come, man?
speaker_heading: PAH
dialog: (Aside to Kirk)
dialog: Tican't. believe he did that..
speaker_heading: EITCHIKER
dialog: Now I'm an artist..With the gun and knocking
dialog: box they don’t nead'me anymore,
scene_heading: SALLY.
dialog: You're ansartist? Pam! g-am artist too..
dialog: She's: really good..
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: Heyy ove’
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: Yase.I dontt like it now. With thegun itts no
speaker_heading: SaLLe
dialog: Are you a painter or what? TL “mow. this
dialog: | epazy-artist. He never mows what he's
dialog: doing.
scene_heading: . HITCSIXER
dialog: I work with leather, I'm a soulptor too,
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Eey,, man,, I was in ‘there. They had ‘blood about
scene_heading: Up COecse SALLY :
dialog: (Laughing) Oh. I need'one of those hammers
text: (Motions ag is chisling at Jerry's head) for
dialog: Jerry;; he's so nandheaded..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
text: eosyour ankles covering.this giant room. There:
text: were these big cow heads they had cut off sticking
text: up out-of the blood.
speaker_heading: HITCHIZER
dialog: It's that way nowe.. You likedit?
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: )
speaker_heading: ee EEE
dialog: 1
dialog: 1
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 18 Cont.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN: :
dialog: Sure. Lots of blood and guts. They dump all
dialog: the entrals and nesad and...’ -
text: The hitchiker reaches inta his shirt and pulls out a sheat
text: of yellowed polaroid shapshots. A large pouch made of two
text: cows earsccrudely sewn together and slung sroumd his neck
text: with a leather thong falls out of his shirtfront.. Ze hands
dialog: the photographs proudly to Franklin.'
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: eowand stuff they don’t use in one place and sell
dialog: it. to the glue factory or someplace Like that..
scene_heading: RITCHIKER.
dialog: Here.
text: Pranklin takes the photes..
speaker_heading: RITCHIKER
text: They don't send the heads away.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (Looks at photos)
dialog: t :
speaker_heading: SALLY’
dialog: Let-me sees.
speaker_heading: HITCAIKER
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You took. these, . huh?
scene_heading: . HITCHIKER
dialog: Yes. You like then?
dialog: They makeeee
speaker_heading: SALLY *
text: Franklin.... (She fidgets. to look at:
dialog: “ pletures) ~
text: Franklin shakes his head in wonder.
speaker_heading: HITCSIKER
dialog: They make head cheese.. Except for the tongue
text: they boil the head and scrape the tone clean
dialog: of flesh..All the parts‘are used; nothing is
dialog: wasted,. The Jowels,. tne eyes, even the muscles:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ughs
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: eevand ligaments and the fleshy parts from. the
text: nose and guns..Tiez put everything into a jelly
dialog: oF fataecce ~
dialog: 
dialog: el
dialog: | .
dialog: eogaté, fleshy.parts-from the nose ande’s’
dialog: 18 Cont. . 22
speaker_heading: PRANXLIN
dialog: Look at this.
text: | (Cy He waves:the snapshots in Dams face.
dialog: °
scene_heading: | RITCHIKER |
dialog: 19 stili szors
text: There-is a shot of the slaughter room ankle deep in blood;;
text: - the severed heads of cattle are scattered about the room.
text: Another shows the Killer with the alr gun firing a slug
text: into a squealing steer and still another shows a room
text: lined with beef halves-hung on meat hooks, ~
dialog: 20 Int. Van
text: Pam wavessthe photos away..
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Ugh.'.You are making me sick. Why do youlilce
dialog: killing so much,
text: Franklin shows photos to Sally.
speaker_heading: HITCaIKER
dialog: ooeZUMSe. They put everything intea jelly
dialog: of fatsesed
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: “Wow, Ididn't know that's what's in that stuff..
speaker_heading: BITC2IKER
dialog: It's very good.. You like its.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ughe.I don't see how anybody could eat that
dialog: Juke. Returns photo te Franklin:
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Oh,, I like 1t. It’s good..-
text: Franklin returns the photoes to the hitchiker.
speaker_heading: PAK
dialog: It soumds horrible..Talk about something else.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Aw, you would probably like it if you didn't know
dialog: what was in it..
speaker_heading: PaM
dialog: No I wouldn't and IT wish you would quite
speaker_heading: : FRANKLIN
dialog: AWe'eo!
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 23
dialog: 20 © «Cont.. °
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Come on,, Franklin, you're making everybody sick..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN .
scene_heading: O.Kom O0Ke.
text: Franklin is-disappointed and sits glumly for a while.. The
text: others are silent..After a time Franklin brings ‘out his
text: switchblade and begins toying with tt. The pAltchiter-watches
text: with interest.. Franklin gradually works himself into a frenzy.:
text: The hitchiker becomes more andmore-alert as he watches Pranklins
text: he begins to grind his teeth audinly.. Pam notices-and calls:
text: Kirks attention to it; he shrugs. Theres is snough engine noise:
text: that Jerry and Sally do not hear. On one or two occasions it
text: seems as if the hitehiker is going to reach for the knife but
text: he visibly restrains himself,.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: We'res going to have to stop for gas fairly
dialog: goon. .
speaker_heading: HITCEIKER
dialog: There is a place not far..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Good enough..
text: The conversation interrupts Franklin and he momentarily
text: slackens his fren,ied toying with the. switchdlades. The
text: nitechiker suddenly and deftly takes the switchblade from his
text: hands. Pam gasps3: Kirk watches warily but in silence. .The
text: hitehiker ts oblivious to then.. Jerry and Sally are -unaware
text: of the situation.. Franklin,. startled, watches with intense
text: curiosity.. The hitohiker examines the knife carefully, closes
text: its blade, further examines the fnife,. presses-its spring
text: button and the blade springs open, examines“it still further
text: and then very slowly and deliverately puts the blade against
text: the fleshy part of his hand'below the thumb and seems about
text: to test its sharpness but instead presses the blade deliberately;
text: inte his flesh.. Franklin 1s awed,,.Pam horrified and Kirk
dialog: disgusted.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Put that Imife away..
text: Selly turns to-see the cause of the commotion; Jerry turns
text: back. briefly then returns to his drivins,. glancing periodacally
text: into the rearview mirror.
dialog: Conte.
dialog: . - . . °
dialog: fy
dialog: 20.
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 24
dialog: Gont..
text: The hitchixer-looks at Kirk briefly, then wipes-the knife.
text: on his sleeve,, folds the blade away and returns it to
text: Pranklin. Franklin takes the knife in reverent silence..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What did you do to yourself...
text: The hitehiker puts his hand‘into his mout and bites dowr
text: on the wound.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ugh. How can you do that?
text: The hitchiker pulls a trouser leg from his boot and reaches
text: into the taghtly laced boot and comes out with an ancient,
text: rusted straight razor.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: {Aside to Kini)
dialog: This ls making me sick. Can't we let him off
dialog: somewhere?
speaker_heading: - HITCHIKER
dialog: Ihave this imifes
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: You can put that away too..
speaker_heading: ETTCHIKER
dialog: Yes7its a good kmife..
text: He flips the blade open,,examines it briefly, then returns
dialog: it quistly to hig boot..
scene_heading: EXTERIOR DAY: VAN ON HIGHWAY
text: The landscape is gradually chansin..It 15 less rocky.
text: Between the hills are small valleys with deep black soll:
text: some are under cultivation.. The hillsides are timbered
dialog: and the trees are denser;, taller and the uwidergrowth is
text: green, thick and tangled..
scene_heading: INTERIOR DAY: VAN ON HIGHWAY
text: The hitchikers vague stare 1s fixed on Sally. He stares,
text: unwaveringly for an uncomfortably Long tine.. Pranklin,, in
text: turn, is staring at the hitchiker.. After atime Franklin
text: realizes that the hitchiker is staring at Sally and’ ne:
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 25
dialog: .22 Cont..
text: turns to look at‘her. Sally,. sensing the stares: or catching the: a
text: movemen’ of Franklins head, turn, sees the hitchiker: stare end 7 |
text: smiles uncomfortably. :
speaker_heading: EITCHTKER ,
dialog: This girl is your wife.
dialog: Jerry 1g maware the hitchiker ts speaking to hin.
dialog: Terrye's'se' Pat , |
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Ohe UnseiJeno. My friend...my girlfriend.
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: That's good.e. She’s a good girl.
text: Sally 13 a little startled, a bit embarassed..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: 4 : |
dialog: |
dialog: Thank you. |
scene_heading: HITCHIKER , |
dialog: (To Pam) |
dialog: Youtre a nice girl too.. |
dialog: 
text: Pam laughs nervously.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Thanks.'s.'s' You're a nice guy.
speaker_heading: : FRANKLIN
dialog: Were all nice..
speaker_heading: HITCHI“ER
dialog: Yes.. You're all nice. (To Franklin) But you
dialog: are too thin. :
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What difference does that make..
text: He is upset and begins to toy with his switchblade...
dialog: 
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: ~ It's hot in here..
dialog: Where do you come from? :
scene_heading: PRANELDIG . :
dialog: Weebeen to Colorado,. New Mexico.. Kind ofa
dialog: vacation, looking for land ‘too..
dialog: Neteeee
dialog: |
dialog: ) a, HI
dialog: } (To Franklin)
dialog: | .
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: : KIRK
dialog: . 5 Doing a little siting. :
scene_heading: oe HUTCHTKER - |
dialog: T mean where do you live? '
dialog: -
dialog: | Oh,'.Houston.. We'rs all from Houston,’
scene_heading: ! HITCHIXER
dialog: Your parents live there too?
dialog: |
dialog: ,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _ FRANKLIN
dialog: C What? oh, yeah..
dialog: }
speaker_heading: ' | AITCHIKER
text: Aud this girl. (He node toward Sally.)
scene_heading: : : - FRANKLIN
dialog: What about Sally?
speaker_heading: : SALLY ‘
dialog: What? Waat about me?
speaker_heading: : HITCHIKER
dialog: Where are your parents?
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: Where are ny". parents?
speaker_heading: HITCRIKER
dialog: 1 Yese. .
scene_heading: SALLY.
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: What kind of question 1s that? Where are ay
dialog: parentse Zow should I know? Ky mother's probably
dialog: ‘ Conte.
dialog: 
dialog: 27
dialog: 22 cent.
dialog: oy .
dialog: Woo SALLY |
speaker_heading: ° (Cont.)
dialog: eeeabout half drumk on martinis and my father's:
dialog: probably playing golf.. Where are: yours?
dialog: |
speaker_heading: | ET TOZTE=R |
dialog: : I mean where do they live?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: ) (Aside to Kirk) |
dialog: What does he want ot know all that stuff for?
dialog: We don't even Imow him.
dialog: How shauld I know?
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Oh, ohee.where do they live. In Houston. They
dialog: live im Houston... why?
speaker_heading: ATTCHIKER
dialog: Do they kmow you're coming to Houston?
speaker_heading: JEBRL
dialog: Whe told you we were going to Zouston?
speaker_heading: (Co HI TCdIZER
dialog: KY (Indicates Franklin)
dialog: This man..
speaker_heading: PAN
dialog: (&side to Kirk)
dialog: Let's tell nim we can't take him any further when
dialog: we stop for gase.
speaker_heading: EITCHIXER
dialog: My home is close to this road. You could take-
dialog: me theres.
text: Pan gives Kirk a furtive warning nudges.
text: KIRK.
dialog: Bell, man,. IT don’t imow, We're in pretty much
dialog: of a hurry.. dow far is 1% from the highwe;s.:
speaker_heading: AT TCIIKER
dialog: Oh, its vary close..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Couldn't you just walk, .T mean if it's
dialog: 90 C1lOS@. 64.
dialog: Conte.
dialog: 
dialog: 22 Gont. 28
dialog: d —. - (Shrugs) j
dialog: ; You could have supper with us. (To Pranitlin) .. i
dialog: | You like head cneese.. iiy brother makes it good..
dialog: He always has some.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: Not that stuff you were talking about a while”
speaker_heading: AgCe Ushe.
speaker_heading: KIRK :
dialog: I think we better-push on, san.. Sorry.
text: The hitchiker shrugs sullenly and is silent for a moment~
text: then he turns to Franklin who is absently toying with. his-
text: switetiblade, raises his battered canera and foouseg on
text: Franklin. There 1s a flash of light as one of ths ancient
text: flash bulbs pops.. Franklin looks up startled,, sees: the
text: camera and smilies. Sally turns to see what ls going on and
text: Jerry. glances in the rearview mirror,. Kirk and Pam watch
dialog: a little startled..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: You took mu picture,
speaker_heading: AITCHINER
dialog: in Yess
scene_heading: fi . 23 STILL sxot
text: Meee All wait with curiosity for the polaroid to develop.. After
text: the necessary time the nitchiker pulls the photograph from
text: the camera..I% is a very bad,, discolored print.. The film
text: is evidently old. The hitchixer extends the print ot Franklin!
text: . Pam and Kirk nove to take a looke.
scene_heading: 2h INT. Day VAN Oo
speaker_heading: . FRANRLIN
dialog: It. didn't cuen out so good..
scene_heading: RITCHIZER .
dialog: It's -nise,see.. (Inticates Franklins brutset
text: and soeraped face-in the dark print) It tells
dialog: about your accident.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: You look worse for Treal..
text: He sits back against the wall; Pam moves with him.
speaker_heading: PAN
dialog: I think you look nice.
dialog: Let me see...
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: my face..
dialog: - 29°
dialog: 24 conte.
text: CS Pranklin turns and extends the photograph to Sally
dialog: | It's kind of dark but you can see |
dialog: |
text: Selly takes the photo and turns forward in her seat.
scene_heading: : HITCHIKER : |
dialog: , (To Franklin) You can pay me now.
speaker_heading: . FRANKLIN
dialog: Buh?
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: Two dollars..It's a good picture.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: | . You want him to pay you for that’
dialog: Ppioture?
dialog: (Za He issama¢ged and angered.. . }
text: Sally hands the picture to Franklin.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Tt*s.not really a very good picture
dialog: of you.
speaker_heading: KIRK ‘
dialog: Not for two dollars anyway.
speaker_heading: , SALLY
dialog: Pwo dollars?
speaker_heading: HITCHIEKER
dialog: Yess You can buy it for hin..
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Hey, man, that's enough.. (To Franklin}
dialog: Give him the damn picture.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 30
dialog: Conte
text: Pranklin returns the photo..The growing hostility has: made
text: him nervous and after returning the photo he begings to fidgit,'
text: The hitchiker talzes:the photo and stares at for a long
text: moment.e.PAM avoids looking at anyone. Kirk angrily stares
text: at the opposite wall..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (Aside to. Jerry)
dialog: That guy wanted Franklin to pay ‘Bip 2 dollars
dialog: for that picture.
speaker_heading: JERRY -
dialog: You're Kidding...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No. Te wassserious. -
text: The hitchiker places the photo on the floor at. hisfeet.. and
text: from the cow ear pouch extracts. a small bundle tightiy
text: weapped in aluminum foil. He unwrapsthe foil and from it
text: pours a mound of silvery ponder on the photo,. rewraps” the
text: foil and places the package hack in his pouoh.s. Re ther
text: moulds: the powder into a cone, looks up to see Kirk watching
text: and smiles,. then strikes a match and applies-it to the powder
text: There-is a small fiery explosion of white light and the
text: face of the photograph is seared,. de spits on the lingering
text: flames. The damp,. charred powder Sives-off a dense malodorous
dialog: smoke.
text: Jerry brakes -hard'and wheels the van to the side of the roadi.
text: The passensers are thrown forward in the van and thers ig
text: much confusion, seranbling for fotting,. ete. Kirk picks up:
text: a-ski pole and points it threateningly at the hitchiker,
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: What? What?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JEEBRY
scene_heading: Heyt Dgmn.’.
speaker_heading: XIRK
dialog: HEY, man.'.'.'.'
speaker_heading: PAM
text: Oh... (Waves-arms. te clear smoke.)
dialog: Cont...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: EXT...
dialog: van.
dialog: 26
dialog: 31
dialog: Conte.
speaker_heading: 7~ 7 FRANKDIN
dialog: ' Roll down the window..
speaker_heading: . KIRK
dialog: I*ve had' enough,, wane. Time for you to soe. Jerry.
dialog: stop this thinge.
text: The hitchiker sweeps the charred photo into his pouch, stands
text: and suddenly his straight razor-is opened'in his hands he’
text: makes-a quick slash cutting Frankliracress the back of the
text: hand...Franklin squeals and rears back in his chair... irk
text: swings-at the hitchiker-as the hitchiker lunges for the side
text: door,. Ths van has not yet come to a full stop and Jerry
text: crams the brake te the floor..Kirk 1s thrown nearly into the
text: front seat and the hitohixer escapes: through the side door.
text: He tears open his wounded’ palm with his teeth anc‘ smears
text: blood on the side of the van and as:he moves kicits-at”
text: the side of the van, the huboaps and the tires and* spews
text: saliva over the side of the van.. Kirk recovers: and leaps |
text: out of the van brandishing the ski pole...
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: You Little bastard.’.’.'s!. You better run your ags..
text: Jerry has stopped the van and leaps out hisdoor.. Theshitehiker
text: breaks into a rum and is quickly a safe distance from the var:
text: he stops and turns’ to face Kirk and Jerry who have stopred: .
text: at the rear of the van and blows raspberries at them.:
text: The van pulls onto the highway;;:it sputters, coughs and lags
text: as it accelerates,
scene_heading: INTERIOR DaY:: VAN ON HIGHWAY
text: Jerry drives,. Sally sits opposite hin.. Kirk,, Pam and Franklin
text: are in the rear of the van. Sally leans over the front seat
text: and bandages Franklin's wound.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: I’m about half ready to call a cope.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN.
dialog: I could get tetnus. fou see how rusty that old
dialog: razor way..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: That'ssthe last damm hitehiker I ever pick up..
speaker_heading: . PAK
dialog: Hey,. listen to Franklins horiscope.. "The nevs,,
dialog: travel difficulties,. long range plans and upsetting
dialog: Conte
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 1
dialog: 26 Cont..
dialog: That's perfeot.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: (COnt. ) .
dialog: eeepersons around you could make this a disturbing
text: and unptedictable day.. The events in the world are
dialog: not doing. much,. either,, to cheer one up.!
speaker_heading: JERRY
scene_heading: SALLY.
dialog: (To Pranklin)’- :
dialog: I'thnink that will do you for now... You
dialog: feel o.k.?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Read Sally'’s.. She's Capricorn..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Maybe we ought ot find a doctor... I don't think
dialog: Itve had a tetmus shot in a long time..
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Uhoh. Capricorn's ruled by Saturn..Let's sees...
dialog: "here are moments when we cannot believe...
dialog: _ to Zouston,..
speaker_heading: . PAM
dialog: (Cont. )
dialog: esethat what is happening 4s really true. Pinch
dialog: yourself and you may find out that it ise"
speaker_heading: SALLY ~
dialog: Oh,, you can't tell about thats Does it
dialog: say anything else? :
speaker_heading: SALLY:
dialog: T think you'll oe alright, 111 we gets
scene_heading: 27. EXTERIOR DaYs: VAN ON. 4IGHwaY
text: The van passes a narrow side road. Ahead perhaps a hundred
text: yards are several weathered buildings::a single gasoline
text: Pump stands before one of the bhutldings..
scene_heading: 28° INTERIOR DAY: VAN ON HIGHWAY
speaker_heading: : FRANKLIN
dialog: I’ think that night be the way to Grandpas old
dialog: place..Isn't that the road,. Saliy?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh,.I don't kmow. I don't remember,
speaker_heading: . JERRY
dialog: There's a place just ahead. We better go ahead and
dialog: get some gas...
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 32
dialog: 
dialog: 33
dialog: 28 Cont..
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Find out if that's the tight road.
scene_heading: 29 EXTERIOR DAY: SERVICE :sTaTIOn
dialog: 
text: The van pulls into a combination cafe and service station..
text: Several cars and a Pickup truck are parked in the dirk yard'
text: beside. ths weathered, raw wooden buildings..The van stops
text: before the gas pump and Sally and Pam leap out*and trot
text: off toward the restrooms.
scene_heading: 30° INTERIOR DAY: VAN AT SERVICE staTIOn
text: Kirk climbs into the front. seat..
speaker_heading: EIRK
dialog: (Nod toward rused’old gas pump)
dialog: Think that thing works?
speaker_heading: : JERRY
dialog: There's. some people inside,..
text: Threugh the begrimed windows several people cen be seen
text: seated‘ at tables. The people are a utrange lot.. Though
text: they can not be clearly seen it is apparent that they are
text: not quite normal.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: (Shakes his head)
dialog: Strange.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'll go see 1f I can get somebody..
text: The sagging soreen door tangs open at that. moment and a men
text: somewhat past his middle years exits, blinks in the light
text: then. heads toward the van.
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN:
dialog: Here comes somebody...
text: When the old man is olose.04 the cab Jerry speaks,.'.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Howdy..
text: The old man does not respond itamediately but firs t leans down
text: to rest-his arms on the window of the van an@ pokes his head
text: inside alzost into Jerry's face and looks around. .Kirk and
dialog: Franklin nod hells..
speaker_heading: OLD. MAN
dialog: Howdy, boys, what can I do for. you?
dialog: fee Conte.
dialog: 
dialog: | 34
dialog: | 30 Cont. .
dialog: co vases
dialog: vd We need’ some gas. |
speaker_heading: : OLD HAN
dialog: }
dialog: You need some gas, nun
dialog: Do you take credit cards? |
dialog: OLD Maw |
dialog: What kind of credit cards? . |
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Texaco.
dialog: |
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: This look like a Texaco..
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Noe I just thought}... |
text: The old man interrupts Kirk,.{gnores nim and speaks directly '
dialog: , . to Jerry. od
dialog: ) 1
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: 7 . How much gas you got?
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: PS JERRY
text: We're about empty.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Just come in here on fumes, that it?
speaker_heading: JERRY .
dialog: You're-right. We're even low on fumes.. Naw,
dialog: we got maybe an eighth of a tank.. :
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: That's too bad..
dialog: Yeah. .Whg"s that..
speaker_heading: OLD MAN.
dialog: Go. no gas here..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: , OLD NAN
dialog: ‘My tank's empty, Seen the transport on the way. out
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LE
dialog: 
dialog: 30 Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (Cont.’)
dialog: edethough.. It be back through sometime this
dialog: afternoon and give me some gas..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Be this afternoon, huh?
speaker_heading: OLY Man
dialog: Yepe.You boys 13 welcome to stick around. I got
dialog: . gome good barbque.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (To Jerry)
dialog: Ask him how to get out to the old Franklin :place,!'
speaker_heading: JERRY a
dialog: You know how to get to the old Franklin places.
speaker_heading: OLD. MAN
dialog: Franklin. place?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
text: It'sea big old stone houses up on a AL11.. © think
dialog: maybe you take that road back there...
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yeah..Maybe*I° seen something like that up that
dialog: way..You boys don't want to go messing around
dialog: no old ‘house now;: those old thing 1s:dangerouss
dialog: You liable to get hurt..
speaker_heading: . JERRY
dialog: We'll be -carefull.
speaker_heading: - OLD NAN
dialog: Well now you ought not go messing around ‘other folke
dialog: property.. They's some don't*like and’ don't. mind
dialog: letting you know with a-little. buckshot.:
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: My father owns it.. _
speaker_heading: OLD HAN
dialog: That“your daddy's place,, huh. Well, IT taink you
dialog: boys ought to stick around here and have some
dialog: barbque,. That transport won't he too long,.
scene_heading: 31 EXTERIOR DAY SexVICE sfalIon
text: The girls are out of the rest room now and Sally is trying
text: to get Jerrys attention.. Both stand a few yards behind the
text: Old mane. The old man seeing Jerry’s attention shift, turns
dialog: ta look at the gtrls..
dialog: Cont.
dialog: | 36
dialog: 31 Conte.
scene_heading: oS EXTERIOR-DAY:* SERVICE: STATION.
text: The old man faces:Pam and Sally. ;
speaker_heading: . OLD MAN
dialog: Howdy... Lo )
scene_heading: : PAM AND SALLY I
dialog: Bia. .
speaker_heading: SALLY ©
dialog: (To Jerry)
dialog: Gould I get a Dro. Pepper? It's only a quarter..
speaker_heading: JERRY
speaker_heading: OLD -HAN
dialog: (To Pam)
dialog: }- Might as well..
dialog: }
dialog: } Hot enough for you?
speaker_heading: J
speaker_heading: : PAK
dialog: ‘ Oh,. 1¢'s terrible, especially in. the van.
speaker_heading: j OLD: HAN
dialog: (To Sally?’ (Indicates an ancient vending machine)
dialog: They's a machine,
dialog: 
text: He starts toward the oate.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You holler at me now if it don't work.’ (To Jerry)
dialog: Them girls don't want to go messing aroung no old
dialog: house. .You best stick around here..
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Itm going to get*ons too.
text: The old man: wallets: sto the cafe..The girls head’ for the vending
dialog: mechine..
speaker_heading: RIRK
dialog: We should have asked if there? é another gas station
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: He would probably have told us if there was,..
speaker_heading: KTRE.
dialog: Wouldn't hurt to ask?
dialog: 32 cur TO:
text: moe Pam and Sally have bought soft drinks and are loitering
dialog: ) about,. talicing. .
dialog: Cont...
dialog: Po, . |
dialog: 37
dialog: a. Cont.
dialog: Cy cur To }
dialog: ae 33 3 Se. '
text: | Jerry opens the door of the van and starts toward ‘the cafs,.
dialog: | cur TO:
text: A strange looking,. poorly dressed and filthy child bursts out
text: of the cafe sobbing angrily.. Ha sees Jerry approach and still:
text: sobbing rushes Jerry and tries to bite him on the thigh. |
text: Jerry sidesteps him and ducks into the cafe shaking his head..
scene_heading: ’ 34 CUT To INTERIOR Van
text: Pranklin is toying with his switchblade again; he pusheas“the
text: r blade slowly deep into the foam, withdraws it,. pushes it in
text: again, withdraws end over and over methodically and hypnotically.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Franklin, you maniac; you're tearing up the van.
text: t Pranklin looks:up startled. .
scene_heading: | . FRANKLIN
dialog: (Sheepishly)
dialog: Yegh,.I just start doing that..
text: Oo Franklin has stopped and 1s examining the kmife closely.
speaker_heading: PRANXLIN
dialog: Hey,, I think there's still some of that guy's blood
dialog: on ite.Look at that..(He hands the kmife to Kirk)
dialog: Think that's blood..
text: Kirk examines fhe knife cursorily then returns it to Franklin.
speaker_heading: . KIRK
dialog: (shrugs) .
dialog: I can't tell..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: (Zxamines the knife again)
dialog: It's thoed'alright.. That:guy cut the
dialog: hell out. of hinself.. Think you. could .
dialog: do that*«to yourself?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Itm not that stupid.
speaker_heading: . FRANKLIN
dialog: I don't kmow. It takes something to just sit there
dialog: and cut yourself like that.. You think I said' some-
dialog: to make hin mad at me?
dialog: 7 Cont.
dialog: Cont...
dialog: | — 38
scene_heading: 35 EXTERIOR DAU: SERVICE STATION .
text: Jerry 1s inside the onfe talking to the old man. Theold man
text: hands him something. They talk for a moment longer, the old
text: man gesturing down the road and Jerry turns to leave..
dialog: 
text: Reaction of Girls seeing Jerry appreach the van;: they hurry
text: toward the van.
dialog: 36 CUT To: /
text: Sally:and Pam loiter near the highway.
dialog: 37 CUT Tos |
text: Jerry leaves the cafe carrying a greasy brown paper” bag. : |
dialog: : 38 «CUT. To: |
dialog: 
scene_heading: 39 INTERIOR DAY: VAN
text: Jerry settles behind the wheel of the van.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Nothing, man. Newt's the closest place to get gas.
speaker_heading: EIak
dialog: Guess we better hang around..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN.
dialog: We're going ot gO out to Grandpas old house aren't
dialog: 
dialog: we?”
scene_heading: 40 EXTERIOR DAY: SERVICE STATION
text: Pam and Sally appreach the van from the rear... When they are
text: close to the Yan Saliy suddenly stops. .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Look at that!
dialog: Palit
dialog: What?
text: Sally points to the bloody smear on the aide of the van..
speaker_heading: . PAN
text: He smeared blood on the van.
scene_heading: 41 INTERIOR DAY: VAN AT SERVICE STATION
text: The girls enter the van..
speaker_heading: : SALLY
text: ) That guy smsared bloed on the van.
dialog: Conte:.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 42
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 39
dialog: Gont..
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Yeah, I know.
speaker_heading: PAM -
dialog: ‘It looked a little like he might have tried to-
dialog: write something.
speaker_heading: KIRE
dialog: It didn't look like enything to me..
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: What did he do?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Ti got us some tarbque.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh,. can IT have some..
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: He write something on the van?
scene_heading: EXTERTOR DAY: VAN ON HIGSWaY. . —_
text: The van pulls out of the service station and turns back up
text: the highway..As it accelerates it sputters, coughs and lags..
scene_heading: INTERIOR DAZ: VAN ON ZIGHWAY
text: The van approaches the intersecting road.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: (Points-to raad)
dialog: That must be it.
dialog: Yeah. There's a creek and a swimming hole somewhere
dialog: a3: “2 imear,the house. We could go swimming...
text: The van turns off the highway onto the intersecting road..
dialog: Pan
dialog: . Oh, yeaho.Let's do..
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (She is working with. sausage.)
dialog: Oh; I didn't oring a Wathing suit.. Oh
dialog: Well..+. Let mea see your imife.:
text: Franklin hands Selly the switchblade..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Sallytee'e
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Humecee’
dialog: Contes.
dialog: 
dialog: 40
dialog: 43 Cont..
speaker_heading: ~ FPRANXLIN
dialog: You think that guy was-just trying to scare‘us
dialog: blowing up my picture?
scene_heading: 4b EXTERTOR DAY: RURAL 20AD
text: The van approaches~the wreck of’ an old stone houses.
scene_heading: 45 INTERIOR Dax: VAN ON RURAL ROAD
speaker_heading: r FRANKLIN
dialog: That's it. That's tt. Lookat thatold place..
speaker_heading: KTRK
dialog: Yeah. I'd sure like to have a thing like that.
scene_heading: 46 EXTERIOR DAY: BEFORE TYE STONE House
text: The van pulls into the front yard of the old house.
dialog: The old house must have once been magnificent. It ts now
text: ‘ a crumbling shell..The grounds are overgrown...
text: Pan, Kirk, Jerry and Sally pile out of the van. Kirk
text: and Jerry set up the ramp.and wheel Franklin to the
dialog: ground.
dialog: q
speaker_heading: . FRANKLIN
text: Wateh ay ‘hand! (He-helds his hand aloft.’)
scene_heading: SBRANKLIN.
dialog: Where's’ the mark that guy made?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: (Indicates ‘bloody smear)
dialog: Right there,
text: Franklin wheels close to the mark..
speaker_heading: KIRK ,
dialog: Where's that creek..I think me and Pam are going
dialog: to go swimming...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: On, I think it’s off that way..There’s prooably
text: an old trail.
dialog: 47 curt TO: :
text: On the side of the van away from Franklin,. Pam,. Kirk, Sally
text: and Jerry are grouped.
dialog: “ Conte
speaker_heading: OS
speaker_heading: 49 Kirk BL
dialog: We're golng to go and see if we can find that
dialog: _ Stimaing hole,.. Want to go? .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: We didn’ t*tring anything...
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: What differance does that make?
dialog: Hs
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: PAH .
dialog: You could weat what you have on,. . want -
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I*d like to look around this old place
dialog: @ bit anyway..
speaker_heading: _- TES wa
speaker_heading: 48 CUT TO:
text: Pranklin on the opposite. side of the van studying the mark..
text: Kirk approaches..Pam stands at a distance,, ready to go
dialog: ' swimming. '
dialog: \
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: | Hey,. Mans... Me and Pem are taking off.
speaker_heading: ' FRANKLIN '
dialog: | O.Ke. |
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: (Looks at bloody smear)
dialog: . Strange..You think it means something.:
speaker_heading: : FRANKLIN
dialog: . I don't know.
dialog: 
text: He tacks his chair away for a long look..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Ii think it might be some-kind'of a symbol.
speaker_heading: KIRK -
dialog: Well,.we'll sse you later, mane
scene_heading: i FRANKLIN -
dialog: | Where are Sally and Jerry? :
speaker_heading: i KIRK /
dialog: They're: going to stay here.’.
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: OK.
text: ! Kirk leaves,. Joins Pam and they move off into the woods. .
dialog: , Sally Joins Franklin...
dialog: 3 Cont.
dialog: 42
dialog: 4B conte.
speaker_heading: en SALLY
dialog: \ > Wefte going to take a look inside..
scene_heading: . “ PRANKLIN,
dialog: ’ Sally..'.<.You believe all thatstuff Pam was
dialog: Saying about Saturn in retrograde?
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Oh,,I don't tmow, I guess so.. Sverything
dialog: Means something. .
scene_heading: 49 INTESYOR DAY: STONE ZoUSE
text: Franklin 1s wheeling around the ground floor... Jerry and
text: Sally are-exploring the second story. Their footsteps
text: ean be heard ecoing hollowly through the old’ house..
speaker_heading: PRANELIN
dialog: Sally.‘'.?
text: Pranklin looks up.. Footsteps come from directly overhead...
speaker_heading: - PRANKLIN
dialog: Saliy? . .
text: Sally calls down from abore..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN.
dialog: That guy might try to follow us here.
dialog: There Is a brief stlence.
dialog: Don't tbe gilly.
dialog: cur TO:
text: Selly, Jerry and Franklin are exploring the lower floor.
text: Various shots-of the three poking through rooms-of old house:
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN :
dialog: Uncle Ed lived here a while after Grandpa died,.
dialog: Be had to move when they started laying people
dialog: off at-the slaughterhouse. Nobody's lived here
dialog: Since.as far as T lkmow. All the people around’
dialog: here know how to do tg sleughter cattle. I guess
dialog: & lot. of them had to move away or somethings.
dialog: Conte.
dialog: 4g Conte. - 43
text: Pranklin wheels out onto a porch like area under-a cantilevered
dialog: 2, section of the old house.. There 1s a great deal of broken
text: FO Glass on the floor end it pops, cr:nches and splinters mder
text: Mu the wheels of Franklins chair..
text: Franklin: stops suddenly..danging- in the corner of the porch
text: 4s a crude wind chime or mobile of some sort madeof sur
text: bleached bones.
speaker_heading: . FRANALIN
dialog: Saily,.Jérry,. come Look at-thiss.
text: 4 Directly below the mobile is the skeleton ofa long dead!
text: animal, Beneath theskeleton 1s: the remnant of an old wollen
dialog: blanket.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Sally!
dialog: 
scene_heading: +4 50 EXTERIOR FOREST DAY
text: Kirk and Pam walk along a harrow,, overgrown forrest tratl. .
dialog: - Listen to me next time. I told you it was
dialog: a bad time.
speaker_heading: , KIRK
dialog: Well, I think Houston 13 going to look pretty
dialog: good,’ I wish we hadn't let Pranklin drag us
dialog: out here.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: It's only a couple of hours to Houston. You
dialog: will feel better efter a strin..
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Hell,.I'm liable to drown, That would be about
dialog: par for this trip.
dialog: 
dialog: : 50 Cont.. 4h
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . PAK
dialog: Look! -
text: She points ahead at the tattered remnanté of a tent
text: Slinging to a rusted metal frame.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: - Yeah...
text: They stop. The remains of a camp are some ten yards
text: off the path. Beneath the rotted rag of a ten are the
text: remains of two sleeping bags and the area around the
text: tent is littered with rusted camping gear. They pause
text: only triefly then turn to continue. As Kirk tume he
text: sees at eye level,nailed to a tree through its face: an
dialog: old pocket watch. :
speaker_heading: EIRK
dialog: Euh?
text: He looks closer, touches the watch.
speaker_heading: . ETRK
dialog: Did. you gee this.
text: Pam is beside him looking at the watch.’
speaker_heading: : FAK
dialog: That's etrange, huh?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Yeah,. that was a good old watch.
text: They move on.’ The path narrows as they continue and
text: is more and more oversrown.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 49 Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 45
dialog: Gont.
text: They walk in silence for a tine.
text: The path intersects a dry creek bed.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Well,. I hope this. isn’t it.’
text: _ They look up and' down the oreek bed for some sign of
text: t water,!. There 43 none;; the orsek looks as 1f 1t hae
text: beem dry for some time.
speaker_heading: ; “PAM:
dialog: ; It's been a long time since Franklin was here..
speaker_heading: KIBK
dialog: Could de..Let"s try a little further, 0.k.7
dialog: - "aK
dialog: - " Let's go. .
text: They continue silently for approximately 25 yards...A
text: low humming noise gradually comes up until it is
text: Clearly heard.
dialog: wren’
dialog: Hear that motor?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: No.. Oh,, yes I do now...
dialog: ETRE . .
dialog: Dam! Look at that..
speaker_heading: BAM
dialog: Oh,, Locke. <e-
dialog: Conte.
dialog: Se
dialog: 49 Cont.. : 46
text: Almost upon the peth a gnarled, grotesquely twisted
text: - old tree has gron up uider the wrech of’ an anolent’
text: [~* car, weaving its heavy limbs around the body and rearing
text: Zon the front end off the ground.
text: { They move slowly around the cary.
speaker_heading: D . ", EIR
dialog: b That's been here a long tine.
speaker_heading: i PAN
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: a —_
dialog: id
dialog: Let's see where that nolse is coming
dialog: from.’
text: They continue on the path for another ten yaras: before
dialog: suddenly breaking from tha forest. Sefore them 1s a
text: . large meadow. On the far sice of the meadow set under
text: towering trees 1s a huge, old and weathered mansion,.
text: @ large once red barn and several incidental outbuildings;
text: no power lines run to the house and no automobiles
text: or stock are visible.i The motor noise comes from the
dialog: Se er
dialog: Le ZADOW Day
scene_heading: hc 52 EXTERTOR MEADOW Day
dialog: Look at that*old place.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Yeah.. Look: at -those ol4 lightening rods.
speaker_heading: KIRK L
dialog: Yeah. A-hammted house. Maybe they can
dialog: tells us where the oreek is.'
text: Kirk starts across the meadov..
dialog: Pan /
dialog: Kirkdestet .
speaker_heading: , KIRK
dialog: Look at that old tarn,'
dialog: Cont.
dialog: pry,
speaker_heading: pS
dialog: ee
dialog: (|
dialog: *
dialog: 52 Conte.
dialog: Pan
dialog: They might not like strangers. .'s«:
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: I'd‘ like to get some of thattold'Lunber..
dialog: Pal.
dialog: Birks. ot
speaker_heading: IRE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Oh,, never mind.’
speaker_heading: EIRK
dialog: People probably come up here all the time
text: Tooking for the creek.
dialog: Pam
dialog: You're right.’.
text: They are within 50 yards of the old house and within
text: 20 of the barn. It 1s now apparent that the motor
text: noise is coming from the barn. The racket is terrific |
text: and they are forced to raise their voices to make
text: themselves heard to one another. The nolse decreases:
text: as they pass the carm and move nearer to the house.
dialog: Pak
text: It doesn't look like anybody's home.
text: KIRK.
dialog: What?
dialog: Paw
dialog: I said.... Forget it. How aan they stand
dialog: the noise?
dialog: Contes
dialog: 4?
dialog: 
dialog: $2 Conta. . 4g
speaker_heading: KTRE
dialog: om They're probably used to tt. Probably
dialog: don't even hear ite
text: They are now within a dozen yeards of the house.
speaker_heading: PAM /
dialog: ZT going to wait here.!. OK?
text: Kirk smiles and goes on.
speaker_heading: KIEE
dialog: Chickens
text: Pam. sticks her tongue out. Kirk mms-the remaining
text: distance and bounds up the steps ami across the porch.
text: He tapa lightly on the doorframe,. thes sound of his
text: knocking hardly audible above the motor noise, then
text: steps baok to survey the house.. Something hard snd
text: brittle explodes under his boot and he moves back
text: another step to look.. At his feet 1s what appears to
text: bs a tooth. He squats to inspect it; picks it up and
text: examinesit.'.The weisht of his step has chipped away-
dialog: @ large plece but tt 1s still very definitely ea huzen
dialog: teoth, There 1s.even a small gold filling. He-is
text: surprised, curious and delighted with his.discovery.:
text: Ee stands and turns to Paz who ts watching a few yards:
dialog: aways:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ETRE
dialog: Hey.” °
text: He Leaps down the steps and trots over to Fan,
speaker_heading: RTRK
dialog: Look at this.
dialog: “— He hold the tooth up for examinetion.'
speaker_heading: ETRE
dialog: I found at on the porch.
text: Fam pushes his hand away.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: I don't want to touch it.
dialog: i , Conts.
dialog: ro
dialog: 
dialog: - 9
dialog: 52 Conte.
speaker_heading: : xIRE
text: It's a human tooth.
text: He fingers the tooth,
dialog: Pay
dialog: Iknow,...You'ne crazy...
speaker_heading: KIRK ,
dialog: It*s even got the roots, gea,.
text: Ze pushes the tooth into her face-again,
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Bon't..
text: She pushes his hand away.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: We better BO.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Ifm going to check the barn.
text: He bounds away before Pam can respond.. .
dialog: . . PAM
dialog: _ Kirk.
text: Kirk yells over his shoulder.
dialog: . gree
dialog: They might be in there..
text: pounds on it loudly ant shouts above ee dente one
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Anybedy home’.
text: Es does not wait for a response and peers through the:
text: goer ent emmend* opens Pan follows lazily amused by
dialog: Conta.
dialog: q
dialog: 
dialog: 52 Cont.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Her. Pan.’ (He look toward Pam}?
dialog: . | PAM
dialog: Wat now?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Come one.
scene_heading: §3 INTSQIOR DAY SABN
text: Fam arrives before the open door..The din is terrific.
text: The interior of the barn is packed with automobiles:
text: of’ every sort and age. Far in a dim corner of vhe bam
text: te a huge unmuffled gasoline generator and beside it a:
dialog: large gasoline storage tank. ;
scene_heading: $} EXTERIOR DAY BEFORE BARN
dialog: Lock-at that.
text: He shout at the top of hislungs to becheard above the
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Can you believe it.
speaker_heading: PAK
dialog: ‘ They might not like usr folling around
dialog: here.’ We betterrgo.
speaker_heading: ETRE
dialog: They've-got gas. Look at -thats.
scene_heading: §5 INT.. DAY SARN
text: Ee points to the gas tank.’
scene_heading: 56 EXT. DAY SEPORE BARN. a
dialog: I'm going to oheck the house again.:
dialog: Ee trots. away.’
dialog: Cont.
dialog: an
dialog: 56
dialog: 51
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: ’ PAM
dialog: Let*s just go.. I don't care about swimming.
speaker_heading: KTBK
text: (Yells to her) Tt*411 just take a second.
text: bounds away toward the house.
dialog: Ee
scene_heading: $7 EXT DAY SWING
scene_heading: 58 EXT.
dialog: 59
text: Prom a huge old live oak below the barm hangs an ansient
text: swinging benoh..Pam wanders down the slope to the tree,.
text: tests #2, bench, then seats herself? and pushesnoff..
text: Kirke hag rim: to the house leapt’up on the porch, opened!
text: the screen door and begun to pound vigorously on the:
text: front door. To his surprise the front door is wulatohed
text: end opens wide unders his blowsy. He peers down what
text: in the gloom appears to be a long narrow chute like
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Hello. Anybody home?. . :
scene_heading: INT. .DAY HOUSE .
text: At the end of the hall a door opens into a lighted
text: room... The far wall of the room is crowded with stuffed
text: animal heads. The heads cover the wall from floor to.
text: ceiling. There are deer, elk, moose and bear and varicus
text: other game animals and also the heads of domestic aninals, .
text: @.cOW,a Dig,, a horse-and a goat and a number of heads
dialog: to saalli to be distinguished at the distance,.Kirk ig
text: delighted;: he pokes his head into the hallway for a better
text: look. The walls of the passageway are covered in
text: cowhide. He cannot«see. the stuffed heads any better
text: and withdraws,, turns around’ to look for Pam. Pan is
text: ing some 25 yards away.. Kirk calls to ner.
dialog: wi
scene_heading: 60 Ee Bad HOUSE
speaker_heading: , EERK
dialog: Fame Come look at this.’
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SIRE
dialog: Gone looks :
dialog: Conte
dialog: 
dialog: 64
dialog: 62
dialog: fo
dialog: 52
dialog: Conte’.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: No. We better so.
scene_heading: ZNTERIOR HOUSE DAY 5 :
text: Kirk:isedisappoinsed that she 1s unwilling to join
text: hin, hesitates briefly then darts into the house and
text: down the hallway.' Near the end ofthe hallway he
text: trips and nearly falls over and elevated wooden ramp,
text: catchesshimself and moves-ahead. He-ls at the end of
text: the passage and about to enter-the lighted room when
text: a-huge, dark figure suddenly apvears,. Kirk catches"a:
text: fleeting glimpse of a horrible leathery mask covering:
text: the face and hair of the figure, :
text: and takes a quick step backward as he sees an arm raised’
text: ‘to strike. There ig a high pitched plz like squeal
text: ending in a hysterical whinny as the powerfull arn
text: flashes downwari2?: and Kirk is struck a terrific: blow
text: square on the forehead with an ugly blunt ‘headed’ sledge
text: hemmer,'. Kirk drops suddenly and'slackiy,. hitting the
text: floor with a dull thud. He 1g still a brief moment
text: and then hts body begins to twitch and jerk in a final
text: musole: spasm. The sledge is raised slowly, high in
text: the alr and then plummets; smashing a final terrifying
dialog: blow to Kirks head...
scene_heading: EXTERIOR H0USS Day
text: Pam has plucked a wildflower from a patch growing
text: beneath the swing. She swings contentedly in the
text: warm late afternoon sun. It 1s some time before she
text: realizes that Kirk has not returned.
speaker_heading: PAK
dialog: : Kirk.!.
text: There is no response and she calls again.
speaker_heading: PAN
dialog: Kirk,’ We'd? better go, hon.
text: Again there is no response.. She mounts:the stepse.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Kirke.
text: She arrives at the open doorway and ia suddenly timid..
text: She leans across the threshold and calls:softly..
dialog: Conte.
dialog: 
dialog: 62 52 conta.
text: The door te the room at the end of the hall 1s now
text: closed. Several doors open onte the hallway. Earlier |
text: all were closed; now one toward the end of the hall
text: om the left is open and through 16 a:dim, grey light |
text: filters into ths hall..
text: Pam steps into the hallway calling softly for Kirk. )
scene_heading: 63 INTERTOR ROUSE Day |
scene_heading: 64. INS. DAY DINING 200%
dialog: 65
text: INT.
speaker_heading: LIDSY
speaker_heading: LIVING
speaker_heading: ROOM
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Where are-you?
text: Pam enters the open doorway.
speaker_heading: PAN
dialog: We have to go, hon. Kirk?
text: The room is heavily draped;; only a'dim light leaks |
text: through the heavy drapes... She 1g in what must-be a
text: dining room. She can dimly see the dull white glean
text: of a cloth covered dining table surrounded by larse,.
text: grotesquely overstuffed chatrs..Zeyond a massive
text: arch at one end of the dining room is another room.
text: A hard; dusty shaft of sumlight stabs-the room froma
text: elit in heavy drapes..Pam moves cautiously across '
text: the dining room and stands below the arch lookins
text: into the room, The thin slit of sunlight provides
text: some illumination and her eyes gradually become
text: accustomed to the gloom. She calls tentatively..
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Kirk?
text: The room is ohoking with furniture and accesories at"
text: Pirst only dimly recognizable forms.. As her eyes‘adjust
text: shesees that the furniture is constructed of
text: combinations of bons, meta}, wood and some sort of thin
text: leathery substance. At*first glance she recognizes
text: animal forms, the bones and situlls of cows primarily
dialog: and in lesser quantities the bones of smaller animals
dialog: goats; sheep, dogs and cats and others she does not
text: Tecognize, Achill wet horror begins to well up inside -
text: hery;her lips are sudienly dry.. Flanking a massive:
text: Ohair whioh seems to be the central piece in the room
text: are the grotesquely and crudely stuffed cats..
dialog: Conte.
dialog: 
dialog: 6% 65 Cont.
text: The work Ls very crude and the form of the cats has
text: been horribly distorted;:: their bodies have an‘
text: awkward, bloated look, their coats are thin and mansy
text: and their eyes and mouthes have been sew: shut.. Then ~ |
text: she is aware of the chair. It is constructed of human
text: . bones. Its arms are human forearms the hands dangling
text: to touch the stuffed seat. The legs are human legs and
text: the feet the bones of human feet.'.Feside the chair
text: isa tall. floorlamp. The shade, a fluted cylinder
text: made of some translucent leathery substance, 1s suspended
text: from the crook of a human spinal colum;: the spinal .
text: oplum rests on the butts of four complete sets of
text: leg bones including the feet all crudely joined with
text: a@ leathery binding.. At the base of the lamp is a
text: Magazine rack made from a human rigcage.. Scattered
text: piled and heaped in the room are bits and pieces of
text: human bones and skulls. Pam screams in horror, turns
text: and runs from the room.. Jalfway across the dining
text: reom she freezes.s.In the corner beyond the doorway
text: through which she entered Ls a massive totem of human
text: bones and situlls,.a grasping, leering, beconing giant
text: with eight clutching arms and as many heads.. Bits of
text: leathery skin andtufts of human hair adorn the huge
text: many legged coli.:Leathery wings spread over its-
text: many eyeless heads-and ropes of human teeth decorate
dialog: it. frame..
scene_heading: 66 INT. DAY eh. .
text: Pam screams and'rushes out the door and bolts blindly
text: down the hallway...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Kirk!
text: The main door at the end of the hall slams with a
text: thundering crash and there is a hysterical high
text: pitened,.pig Like squeal. The hugs mesked figure stands
text: squealing before the door. Pam. screams... Before she
text: oan move, almost before she its aware of the closing
text: door and the presence of the leatherfaced figure, he is upon
text: hers. He wraps on long powerfull arm arcumd her body
text: clamping ner arms to her sides and lifts her into
text: the air with and* with the other arm he forcess her
text: head back almost to the point of breaking her neck and
text: she can only struggle weakly and gargle raggedly
text: against the brutal force closing her throat. She tries
text: to bite but her jaws clap futily in the air.. She cam
text: see the mask clearly now as. she ig rushed dow the
text: hallway..It 1s a close fitting hood rather than a
dialog: Cont...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: — ee ee
dialog: '
dialog: }
dialog: 1
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: INT...
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
dialog: 68
dialog: 55
dialog: Cont.
text: mask, covering the entirehead and slit to accomodate
text: the ears. The face of the hood 1s human but shriveled
text: and leathery. The hair is human hair... There 1s a throat.
text: Pieoe which is tucked below the collar... Over his clothing.
text: the maskedfigure wears a heavy black rubber apron. They
text: burst through the door at the end of the passage and
text: into a:large room. The reom 1s a completely outfitted
text: butehers shop and‘ kitchen.. With a-squeal she masked’
text: _figure lifts Pam high into the alr ard rushes her
text: across. the reom.. She feels a smooth warn prick’ and she
text: is free high in the air impaled on the orutalsteel of
text: - ge Meathook.. Ai belt of meathooks runs the lensth of the
text: center of the roon.. Kir hangs nearby nsarly stripped:
text: of flesh. Pam kloks weakly,. her eyes roll in their sockets,
text: she triestto scream but her throat fills with blood and.
text: she ohokeas and gags. Leatherface moves: swiftly. He strips:
text: Kirks body of its remaining flesh,. Lifts it from the
text: meathook and lays it on a huge butcher block. Blood
text: pours from Pams mouth. Her hands flutter weakly;; her
text: eyes have rolled back in her head and show only white..
text: Leatherface draws the starter rope of a gasoline powered‘
text: GShain saw and it coughs then roars. Pam twitches faintiy
text: She coughs and spews a bloody mist clouding the air.
text: The chain saw changes pitch as it bites into Kirk's flesh.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR DAY: STONE HOUSE — ‘ , . ~ —™
text: There are three short loud blasts from the van's:horn, a:
text: longer grating bellow,, then silenoe..It 1s: dusic.. The>
text: sum has fallen below the horizon and the light ig now
text: dim and tinged with purple and orange..Jerry and
text: Pranklin are gathered close to a small lanely flickering
text: campfire. Sally approaches the fire from the van.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (Smiling) Think mayse they're doing something
dialog: ‘ besides ‘swinming..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: {Laughs) Sure.
text: Pranklin is etaring inte the flames of the campfire.
text: The words seem to bring nim back from a state of
text: semioconsciousness. He looks up at Jerry and Sally
text: slightly dazed, wheels himself about and noves off in
text: the direction of the van.. Ze speaks ag he moves: and
dialog: 68 cont.
dialog: 56
text: labors to give his words a::casual air he does not
dialog: feale. .
speaker_heading: : FRANKLIN
dialog: Think I*ill take another look at that
dialog: things.
text: Jexry wags his head’ and grins at Sally...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Re'a really got himself going..
text: Pranklin 1s a Chaplinesqus figure in his ‘battered
text: wheelohair;; the damaged’ wheel flops oddly at each
dialog: turn. .
text: Franklin stops and wheels around to face Jerry and
dialog: Sally..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Jerry. Hey,, there's this. real witch,, Sybil
text: Ueek, that lives in Houston. (He wheels.
text: around and continues toward’ the van.) I
text: Bet she'd know what that symbol means.
text: He disappears around the far side of the vane.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: T thought you didn't believe in that:
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
text: (Call from the far side of the van)
dialog: I: don't. You don't think it means:
dialog: anything?"
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Don't worry.. We*1ll protest you if he
dialog: tries*to get you.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I'm mot.. (Approaches campfire)
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 62 Cont.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (fo Jerry) I'ma little worried. They
dialog: should have been back by nowe.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: T bet-it's about me,
speaker_heading: JEREY
dialog: He's going to x411 you,. Pranklin..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: It probably doesn't mean anything, huh?
speaker_heading: SAELY
dialog: You worry too much, relax.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: He'd never find us anyway,, huh? He
dialog: doesn't even kmow our names.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I gave him your name,, Pranklin.. T told
dialog: him where you live too.. He's going to
dialog: get you.
dialog: Terry.
text: . Franklin laughs nervously.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Euh, you don't even know where I Live..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It doesn't make any difference. Het s
dialog: still going to get you..He told me he
dialog: was going to kill youu
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
speaker_heading: AWe
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: _ 68 Cents
text: Pranklin wheels about and heads slowly for the van.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'tm going: to honk again..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Give then tine.
text: Pranklin 1s rummaging about ag much of the van as is
dialog: doon.- the sanp la on the grouae se Oem shde
text: , SALLY .
dialog: “What do you need, Franklin.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I. can't find my knife.. Wouold' you set up
dialog: therramp? :
scene_heading: SALLY .
dialog: O.K. Just'’a second. (To Jerry) I’m going
text: to honk again.
text: Sally stand,, stretches and walks to the vane
text: . SALLY .
dialog: Move a second and I'll set up the ramp..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Oh,, 0.K.. .
text: He wheels himself out of the way and Sally leana the
text: vamp against the van.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: 0.K.
text: Pranklin wheels his chair into position before the ramps.
text: Sally guides him up the ramp then climbs into the cab from
text: the right. side,. leans over and gives three short blasts
text: on the horn. .
dialog: Contz.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 59
dialog: 68 cont..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: That Imife won't do you any good,. Pranklin..
dialog: Ee likes that lmife, remember.
text: sally climbs out of the cab and starts for the campfire,.
text: then turns to Franklin. "
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: There's a flashlight in the glove-compartment..
dialog: Want me to get it-for you.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: If you don't mind.
text: Sally reenters the cab, takes the flashlight from the
text: glove compartment and hands it over the seat to Franklin
text: then. rejoins Jerry at the campfire. :
speaker_heading: SaLLy
dialog: I’think Pranklin's really seared. -
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Aw, he love it.
speaker_heading: SALLE
dialog: You shouldn't be so hard on hin.
speaker_heading: : JERRY
dialog: Why not? It's good for hin.
dialog: "garry
text: Oh,, I don’t kmnow..Let's not talk about 1t..
text: There is-a moment of sllence between Jerry and Sally then
text: Sally looks up to see Pranklin still searching the vam.
dialog: for his knife..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You didn't find '1t?
dialog: Conte
dialog: 
dialog: eee eee
dialog: nar
dialog: 68 cont.
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Not yets. You don't think Kirk took 1t?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: T don't. imow. When did you haveit last?.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: That guy's Never mind.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN?
dialog: Irdon't lmow.. I can't remember taking tt ©
text: out of the van. (He returns to his search)
speaker_heading: JERRY’
dialog: Maybe I ought to walk down to the creek..
scene_heading: . SALLY :
dialog: Can I go too?
speaker_heading: JERRY:
dialog: I’ guess so. Well...maybe you hetter stay hers.
dialog: Tike pushing hla erouna., and I don't feel
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: itd rather go with you.
text: Jérry gvimaces not wanting to argue the point..
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: Alright..(She kisses Jerry) Hurry back.
speaker_heading: JERRY:
text: O.K.. (He stands and stretches) Watch out
dialog: for snakes. .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Very funny.. Get out of here.. (She
text: throws twig at hts retreating figure)
dialog: : Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 61
dialog: 
dialog: 68 Cont.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Franklin. .
text: . Pranklin- appears at door of the van ,, flashlight in
dialog: hand
speaker_heading: , FRANKLIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Itm going to walk down to the creek,
speaker_heading: _ FRANKLIN
dialog: Where's Sally?
speaker_heading: JERRY’
dialog: Ste's going to stay here. I'11 be right
dialog: back..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: OK.
dialog: ©
dialog: Jerry enters the forrest following the rath taken '
text: earlier by Kirk and Pam. Franklin lets hinselz? down
text: the ramp very slowly:-the ramp sags: dangerously but"
text: _ - he 1g able to descend unassisted and‘ wheels to the
text: campfire.. He still carries tne flashlignt out switches i
text: it off on arriving at the campfire. Sau‘y is squatting
text: over the tiny Sluze idly feeding it twigs one at a
dialog: time. : :
speaker_heading: PHANKLIN
dialog: , Jérry's gone down to the creek.
text: Sally glances at Franklin but doesnot respond and
text: continues feeding the fire.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Are you mad at me.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No. (Langh) Donttthe stlly..
dialog: Cont.. ,
dialog: Ne
dialog: 62
dialog: 68° Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 5
dialog: :
dialog: :
dialog: ; :
dialog: : There is a moment of silence> Le
speaker_heading: 5 FRANKLIN
dialog: F You really are mad} huh.
dialog: ? " SALLY
dialog: ' Naeees.
speaker_heading: . FRANKLIN
dialog: Is
dialog: don't tlame you..
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: Em fuse a little tired. It's been a long
dialog: Conte.
dialog: 
dialog: . 6
dialog: 68 Cont.. 3
text: Darkness is falling rapidly. The sky is a deep purples
text: and a full orange coon hangs low in the sky. Crickets
text: are chirping in the trees..Night birds flutter eriely
text: 5 : in the dim lignt and there is an occasional distant
text: hooting of an owl.’.Strange,, shrill bird'cries pierce
text: : the air and then receed and in their wake a distant
text: answer fills the night.. There are covert rustlings-
text: . and stirrings in the underbrush. Pranklin suddenly
text: flicks on the flashlight, wheels its probing team around
text: the perimeter of the park..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN:
dialog: Did you hear anything.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No,i.It might be Jerry and then,
text: Pranklin switches off the light. ot
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Do you telieve in premonitions?
dialog: y .
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: (O
dialog: po I don't know, .Da you? }
text: Pranklin dees not answer..Sally has continued’ ta: feed
text: the fire and now it 1s a healthy though small blaze
text: and coasts an erte yellow bottom lighy on their faces.
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: You don't think that hitohiker would
dialog: try to follow us?
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Oh,, don’t be silly.
text: There is anotherperiod of silence.. Sally continues- to
text: feed small twigs to the fire..Franklin gives the
text: flashlight an elaborate examination.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN:
dialog: There's no way he could’ follow use
dialog: 64
dialog: 68 Cont.
text: Sally glances-at Franklin but does not answers.
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN®
text: He's: probably afraid Kirk will kill him.
dialog: 
text: Again Selly doesnot respond and there is a moment of
dialog: silence...
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Io never did find my imife..I'tm
text: going to check around the vane.
text: He turns the flashlight on,. grips it between his knees-
text: and wheels about and heads for the van.. He searches:
text: the ground around the van vainly.. Finally he halte”
text: facing the vlcod smear and lets the flashlight play;
dialog: over it. .
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN:
dialog: Sally. .'e?
speaker_heading: ‘ SALLY
dialog: © . What -now?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Nothing... It's just.'.... Never mind.
text: He. continues to study the blood smear.
scene_heading: ~69. ZXTERIOR DAY FORREST
text: . Jerry moves along the path. He has passed the tent and’
text: the car and 1s very near the meadow. The sound of
text: the generator is heard. He stops and oallsa.
speaker_heading: JEARY
dialog: LDKe'e Pane.
scene_heading: ' 70. EXTERTOR HBABOS ‘Bay
text: He Listens for : fora , moment then moves'aheah soon breaking
text: out of the forrest upon the meadow. Across the way
dialog: are the great house,,the. barn and outbuildings..It 12°
dialog: Cont..
dialog: or
speaker_heading: Ct
dialog: 
dialog: 65
dialog: 79 Cont.
text: dusk..The sun has been below the horizon for some
text: time but yet throws a dusty red light against the
text: purple sky. The moon,, full and deep orange, hangs
text: just above the trees behind the house. A: single room
text: in the rear of the house glows faintly with a pale
text: yellow light.
text: Jerry starts across the meadow toward the house. As
text: he walks another light appears in a second story rooms.
text: Hescrosses‘the meadow and clomps loudly up the steps:
text: fand across the porch and pounds on the screen door
text: frame..The front door is opened: There ta a light
text: burning beyond 4::half opened door at«the end of the
dialog: hallway.
dialog: Hello.
text: Ee waits for a moment then.
speaker_heading: JERRY -
text: Aahybody home.
text: There is no response and he pounds nors vigorously
text: on the-door frame. He waits for the sound to fade
dialog: then calla.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Hey, anybody homs..
text: There 1s no response. He listens for a sound from
dialog: within the house and when there is none. after: some
text: time he shrugs and turns away. He has not reached:
text: the steps when he hears a sound from within. It
text: is a low, unintelligible sound and he is almost
text: uncertain he has heard anything. He turns and walks
text: to the door again.
speaker_heading: JERRY *
dialog: Hetle.. I'm looking for some friends.ie'ii
dialog: Can you hear-me?
text: There is no response and Jerry waits for a long moment.
text: before turning away asain... A: strange noise breaks the
text: silence; it 4s almost a chortling or repressed laughter.
dialog: Conte.
dialog: a >
speaker_heading: SAG
dialog: 66
dialog: 70 Conte
speaker_heading: JERRY"
dialog: Eizk? That you? .
text: He pauses. ;
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You. guys quit Playing games. We got
dialog: tO 60.
text: From the house comes a faint tingling like the bells
text: on Pam's bracelet..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Kirk,. Pam. You guys in there?
scene_heading: 71. INTERTOR HOUSE Day
text: . | He openas the soreen and steps into the hallway. The
text: light. he had earlier seen comes from behind a half
text: Slosed door at the end of the passages. Thereis no
text: light in the hall and with daylight almost. gone it
text: is nearly black. de can see nothing but a vertical shaft
text: . of light at the end of the nall..The screen door
text: sloses. behind him and he steps further into the
dialog: passageway...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: O.K, You guyseleae:
text: As=the sound of his words die away he hears a bumping
text: and thumping noise coming from the lighted room.
speaker_heading: JERRY.
dialog: Alright. Come on outslese!
text: He moves boldly to the door at the end of the passage.
text: The door swings opean easily and he steps into the
dialog: Tooke.
scene_heading: 72. INT.. DAY KITCHEN
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Kirk,, that you?
text: The room is lit by a single bulb,shaded by a thin,
text: leatnery, translucent material, hanging low aver
dialog: Conts.
dialog: A ee ere
dialog: vor ene err
dialog: 
speaker_heading: YL
dialog: ’ 67
dialog: 72 Cont.
text: a huge butcher block... The bulb swings slightly asim
text: a gentle treeze might touch it from time to time..
text: The far wall is covered with animal heads. The room
text: is evidently a kitchen and butcher roome. The. walls:
text: are hung with every concelveable tool of the butchers
text: trade and there is beside the massive butcher block
text: a@ powerfull band saw,,a huge, long electric freezer
text: and meat grinding equiptment of various sorts.
text: Bunning the length of the center of the room is
text: @ heavy steel track bolted to the ceiling; ueavy
text: sharp tipped meas hooks hang from the track.
text: Jerry stopa just inside the door and seeing no one
text: Peers into the darkmess beyond the pool of light cast
dialog: by the single bulh..
speaker_heading: JERRY
scene_heading: Hey FOU SUySeeee-
text: Prom the freezer comes a thumping,. clattering sound
text: and Jerry moves quicklz to it. and after some smali
text: difficulty with the ancient latch raises the lid..
text: Her muscles worming, her jaws clacking mechanically,.
text: and her eyes roving wildly in their sockets,. Par
text: sits bolt. upright in the freezer.Jerry backs away
text: in surprise,. shock and horror and Pam slumps over
text: the edge of the freezer...
text: Fron the darikmess behind Jerry comes a shrill pig
text: like squeal ending in a hysterical whinny..
text: Jerry whirls and sees a monsterous figure and a
text: grotesquely masked face, a brutal arm talised high
text: and then a heavy sledge hanmer smashes. into nis
text: skull and he drons heavily ta the floor his body
text: jevKing in awfull egony.t Leatherface stands over
text: the body chortling and shriliing, his breath coming
text: in quick wet gasps choked with a hysterical inhuman
text: wheezing.
text: Suddenly the heavy arm flickers, Leather face squeals,
text: and the hammsr arcs out slamming into the slumping Pan.
text: The blow lifts her,. throwing her body into the
text: freezer..One arm dangles iimply from the box. Leatherface*
text: slaps the arm into the freezer and slams the lid. Then ©
text: his excitement builds-again and he begins to gurgle,
text: chortle and wheeze and finally to squeal and shrili
dialog: Conte.
dialog: |
dialog: 72 Conte ;
text: and then he rushes about the room in a frenzy Lifting
text: the shades from the. windows and peering out into the
text: growing darimess. **. ‘
scene_heading: EXTERIOR NIGHT:: STONE House
text: Ittis very dark..The full moon has not’ yet risen above
text: the trees to light the campsite.. The tiny campfire is
text: now only glowing coals.
text: The neadlights of the van oame on capturing Pranklin
text: before the van in blinding bone white light. The small
text: beam of the flashlight Franklin carries pricks the
text: darimess of the forrest with its feeble point. There
text: are three long blasts from the horn and then silence..
text: Franklin moves toward the van.. Sally 1s just. outside
text: the van on the drivers side; the deor ig open and she
text: is leaning into the cab.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN:
dialog: They must be lost. They don't have @
dialog: flashlight or anything.
text: He is visibly frightenediand hia voice reflects his:
dialog: anxiety.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I? they*te not back in a minute I think
dialog: We ought to go look for theme.
text: There 1s a hint of anxiety in her volce..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN.
dialog: We could build a big fire..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Good tdea. I*ill sather some wood: See
dialog: 4? you can get the fire going again.
text: Sally moves-off to gather-wood.. Praniclin watches in
text: silence for a moment then moves: taward the campfire..
dialog: Cont..
speaker_heading: EE
dialog: co
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: 
dialog: 69
dialog: 73 Cont..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Sallyseoe
text: Sally 13 gathering wood in the light of the headlighte.
text: She continues with her task as she speaks..
speaker_heading: ‘ SALLY"
dialog: What?-
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN’
dialog: You 0.K.?
text: Sally glances. toward’ the campfire.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Yes..Where are you?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Over. here.
text: Pranklin 1s behind the headlights and only halfway
text: between -the van and the oampfire. He had stopped but
text: now begins to move again.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: How's the fire.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: I don't know yet.
text: Sally has gathered an armload of wood and tg walking
text: toward the campfire. Pranxlin is now beside the fire
text: and hurridly feeding small.twigs and leaves to the
text: coals. Flames flicker ard catch the leaves-and tywigs..
text: Sally dumps her armload of wood bestde the fire and
text: and begins feeding twigs to the flame.
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: We might get lost..
text: Sally glances at Franklin but does-not respond and continues:
text: to feed. the fire gradually increasing the size of the
dialog: matertal.
speaker_heading: PRANKLIW
dialog: I’ think we ought to go back to that~
text: gas station and get help.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm not leaving here without Jerry...
dialog: 73 Cont..
text: Her face ta showing the strain of her anxiety..It is '
text: pale andnow seems tired and a bit harsh.. The firelignt |
text: fliskers aver her-features hishlighting her forenead,.
text: Rose and shin-and leaving her eyes pinpoints of light
text: @leamin from dark sockets. |
dialog: 7
dialog: =
speaker_heading: Vd
dialog: 5 .
dialog: They*i1l probably be here in a minute.
speaker_heading: D sary’
dialog: T hope so. .
speaker_heading: P FRANKLIN |
dialog: D Tt would just take a minute to get to that _
dialog: D ; gas station. We wouldn't be gone long.
text: | Sally does not answer and there is a brief period of
dialog: 3 tense silence. /
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN |
dialog: Sally. '
speaker_heading: 1 SALLY i
text: What? (Her voice 1s tense and hard) !
scene_heading: b FRANKLIN : :
dialog: , (Timidly) I think we ought to go.
text: Sally stares into the fire but doss not respond.
scene_heading: . PRANKLIN
dialog: The keys in the van?
speaker_heading: "SALLY
dialog: You. still have the flashlight?
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: / Yes. (Ee blinks the light} /
dialog: + . Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: 73 Conte.
speaker_heading: | CS : SALLY ;
dialog: po Could I see it for a minute. |
text: Pranklin guesses her intentions and is reluctant
dialog: and deliberately stupid.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: | oe What. for? }
dialog: Sally
dialog: I'm going te look for them.. You
dialog: don't have to go.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Don't go..I don’t think it*s-a good tdea..
text: Sally stand and extends her hand for the flashlisht.
text: Franklin sees she can not be detered,, nevertheless
text: he begins to move.. :
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN.
dialog: Tet me honk again..
dialog: 
text: He wheels away toward the van, the flashlight between
dialog: hia mees.
dialog: WI11 you give me the flashlight?
speaker_heading: . FRANKLIN
dialog: Let's try one more time, ,0.K.?
text: Ee wheels. around the dide of the van and strains to
text: oben the cab door on the ‘drivers side..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Just a minute.. If they don't come we'ill
dialog: Ge
text: He has managed to open the cab door and manuvered his
text: chair alongside the seat and now hotsts himself high
dialog: Cont.
dialog: Le
dialog: 72
dialog: 73 Conte
text: in the chair in order to reach the horn. Gally starts
text: toward the van. Franklin glances at the ignition;: there
dialog: are neo keys! .
speaker_heading: 7 FRANKLIN
dialog: Sally! They took the keys.
text: He honks the horn furiously. Sally moves faster toward:
text: the van finally breaking inte a rm. She shouts to
text: Franklin her voice lost in the din of the horn..
scene_heading: ~ SALLY ‘
dialog: Stop it. Stop it..
text: Franklin sinks into his chair exhaused vy his effort.
text: He is breathing heavily. de gasps eas Sally reaches
text: his side.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Jarry must have taken the keys..We don't
dialog: have any keys.
text: Sally takes, the flashlight from between his Imees..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You wait here and keep the fire going..
text: Saliy turns on the flashlight and begins searching the
text: perimeter of the clearing for the path taken by Kirk,
text: - Pam and Jerry..Pranklin wheels olose.
speaker_heading: PRANKLIN
dialog: T better go.
text: Sally does not answer and having found the path mover
text: toward it.
speaker_heading: - PRANKLIN
dialog: Sally.'..'.. I*m going-too..
text: Sally movesrrapidly away; she does not respons to Pranklin..
dialog: Conte.
dialog: 
dialog: 73 ‘cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 74
dialog: ro
text: Pranklin is cloge behind,, laboring desperately to keep
text: up. His chair wobbles awkwardly and he has difficulty
dialog: in steering.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Sallycinee- I can't keep up.
text: Still Sally dees not respond and Pranklin begins to
text: drop behind. She enters the forrest;; Franklin is desperate..
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Sally..Saliy. I> think I hear something.
text: Sally stops and turns the flashlight on Franklin who
text: quickly makes. up the distance.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR FORREST NIGHT
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN.
dialog: Ti thought I heard something..
speaker_heading: SALLY"
text: Let's go. (She turns to go)
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Let me hold the light.
text: Sally turns egain,.hands the flashlight to Franklin,.
text: steps behind the wheelchair and wheels Franklin
text: Tapidly down the path. They move is silence for some
text: moments. The moon is high overhead now, ripe and a
text: deep red orangs. The shrilling of insects fills the
dialog: Right air..
text: Sally stops suddenly.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: There's a light. Look.
text: She points down the path. A light from the house in
text: the meadow can be seen glimmering beyond the trees.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: Yeahses's) * ,
dialog: Cents.
dialog: 
dialog: 74
dialog: 7% Contd”
text: They move off.
dialog: _
speaker_heading: ON
speaker_heading: _ SALLY
dialog: It's a house.
speaker_heading: FRANKLIN
dialog: ew eee
dialog: .
dialog: I’can't. see it very well. '
speaker_heading: SALLY"
dialog: That's O.K.
text: They continue in silence.
speaker_heading: FPRANALIN
dialog: ' Sally! Sally, I heard something.. Stop
text: a minute.
text: Sally halts the wheelchair and they listen carefully..
text: Franklin wheels the flashlight about. The gutteral
text: cough ofa gasoline engine suddenly fills the air..
text: It seeme almost upon them. Both whirl to face the
text: noise ‘and see a massive, hulking figure roar dom
text: upon. them nheelding:a chain saw..The ugly steel
text: fangs of the saw flash in the moonlight‘and the
text: wavering beam of the flashlight..Sally sereams and
text: dodges the figures rush. Pranklin is caught in an
text: awfull slashing,. gouging bite of the chain saw.,
text: Red hot sparks-and bits of steel schrapnel ars flung
text: into the night air as the powerfull say easily passes
text: through Franklin and mangles the frail steel of the
dialog: wheelchair,
speaker_heading: O
text: Leatherface wastes not a moment on Franklin: and’ is:
text: off before the saw has done its-one terrible swipe.
text: Sally has geen the saw begin its work and is over-
text: whelmed'’ with norror and panic. Screaming hysterically
text: she runs for the lighted houses.
text: Leatherface 1s close behind the gutteral reving of
text: the chain saw smasning. the night air..
text: Sally has left the path and rum into the forrest,.
dialog: seeking the shortest most direct route to the
text: Tighted nouse. The forrest floor is tangled and
text: ‘choking with grasping, tearing vines and brambles.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: LL
dialog: ‘+ ply Conte. yee
text: she claws-her way through the undergrowth. 75
text: Behind her,. Leatherface,xielding the chain saw,
dialog: am ia able to makegreater head and
text: the gape. way is rapidly closing
dialog: 
text: Suddenly Sally 1s caught in a nettof vines and thomy:
text: brambles and screaning and begging for help she claws
text: desperately at the clinging srowth..
text: Leatherface-13 almost upon hers The chain
dialog: like @ thousand oceans,” somes few Toaes:
text: Sally is crawling,, scratching, scrambling beneath.
text: the web of prisioning vines and as the ugly saw bites:
text: ate ry prison she breaks free and upon the
text: 75 Eersavon Heasounrosy © dead run.
text: Weallng and whinnying Leatherface follows with-
text: a-speed which seems to overwhelm the small progress
text: Sally makes..The racket*of the generator joins: the -
text: screaming of the ohain saw.
text: Sally screams,,begs and sobs for help..
speaker_heading: , SALLY
dialog: Helpt Help! Open the door, Please!
dialog: L : -Her lungs:
text: © scream for relief; her breath comes in raspling.
text: : 7 choking gulps. She reaches the porch and leaps up
text: the stairs,.Leatherfdce hardly a dozen yerds behind..
text: The front door of the house 1s open though there is
text: a closed screen.. She swings wide the screen and leaps
text: into the hellway and glams the front door behind and
text: begins a frantic struggle to bolt the door before
text: Leatherface can stash 1t open.. She 1s sobbing hysterically;
text: her lungs heave, her hands tremble Tiolently andé
text: she is hardly able to direct them.. She manages to
text: Glose the heavy bolt securing the door at almost-the
text: moment Leatherface throws his weight against 1t;; tae:
text: door buckles but holds... Sally steps back kmowing the door
dialog: ts only a temporary barrter.
scene_heading: INTERTOR ZOUSZ NIGHT
text: The pitch of the chain saw changes at it bites into
text: the heavy door. .Leatherface screems, shrillsand
text: squeals frantically..
dialog: n
dialog: 2
text: Sally turns and runs down the hallway.. The rooms on
text: either side of the hallway are dark with a single
text: exception and Selly rushes into the lighted* room.”
scene_heading: 77 i Pr, NIGHT GBANDFaTSERS ROOM
text: mside the reom is a large overstuffed rocking chair
text: end sunk in the rocker is a tiny, very old and’ -
text: shriveled? man. de-is motionless,, his eyes shut.. Ee is
dialog: ( ; Cont..
dialog: ee oe ee
dialog: —~— =
dialog: ‘
dialog: 76
dialog: 77 «Gont.
text: so small that his lega:dansle above the floor lixea
text: childs though his are slatk and lifeless... Sally
text: rushes to him, throws herself at him begging for
dialog: help. .
speaker_heading: SALLY *
dialog: Helpt OH, please,. please,, help!
text: The old man does not respond;:he iq like the dead.
text: Sally abandons the ancient man and looks wildly
text: about the room. Scattered rendomly about the room
text: are orudely stuffed and bloated catsand dogs their
text: mouths and eyes sewn shut. Sally gasps in horror,
text: charges into the hallway.
dialog: and
scene_heading: . 78 INTE Rica? HALL
dialog: 79
text: Leathetface stands in the open doorway wielding
text: the chain saw and squealing and shrilling like a:
text: mad pigs.
text: Sally turns and run for a flight of stair near the
text: end of the passage.
text: Leather face rushes and is nearly upon her at the
text: base cf the stairs. A wild swipe of the saw grazes:
text: her side as she scrambles up the steps loosing her
text: footing briefly on the worn,, slick wood of the steps..
text: Leatherface is on top of ner as she reaches the first
text: landing. Amad swipec of the saw rtps through the
text: ‘bannister. On the landing large double windows look
text: ent over the meadowe. Sally turns. She is cornered..
text: Leatherface raises-the saw for a. final out. Sally
text: screams and plunges through the window in a shower
dialog: of. glass..
scene_heading: EXTERIOR HOUSE NIGHT
text: High shrubery below the window breaks her fall somewhat
text: and she hits the ground cut and scraped' from the glass
text: and shrubery but otherwise unhurt. She glancesat the
text: window and sees Leathsrface turn and leap down the
text: stairway as she bolts for the forrest..
text: She crosses the meadow and enters the forrest ruming
text: desperately. She does not scream. or cry out for help
dialog: now: all strength,, all energy is consumed in running,
dialog: running, . running,
text: As she enters the forest Leatherface rounds the corner
text: of the Ahouse and leaps after her covering the ground
text: in monsterous strides, squealing and: shrilling,. the:
dialog: Conte. |
dialog: 
dialog: 77
dialog: - 79 Cont.
text: chain saw growling..It seems as if Leatherface- enters:
text: the. forrest only Boments after Sally disappears into
text: its darimess. He seems to have gained half the distance
text: Lost im a matter of moments.
scene_heading: 80 EXTERIOR FORRES? NIGET
dialog: 81
text: The light of the full moon now high filters through
text: the ragged cape of the treetops and dapples the forrest
text: floor in an erie phosphorescent light..Sally runs
text: blindiy, low hanging branches claw at her face,. throat
text: and arms, thorny undersrowth rips at her flashing legs
text: and thick repy tendrils snarl her feet. She stumbles,,
text: wavers,. charges ahead,
text: The ugly bark of the chain saw fills:the night alr and
text: above 1t comes the thin,. high shrilling.
text: Aheadiand to one side the movement of headlights-on the
text: highway. Sully alters her course for:the headlights and
text: crashes full face inte a rough barked tree. She is:
text: stunned. She fights waves of nausea: and dizziness... She
text: Plunges ahead with desperate, savage determination.
text: Fallen, rotting trees, the chokins,.srasping uidergrowth,,
text: and the logse mouldy soil slow her progress.
text: The chain saw screams close behind and she throws
text: herself intoa dead run and suddenly bursts from the
text: forrest upon the highway.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR HIGSWAY NIGHT
text: The Lights of-the service station glow dinly a mile
text: up the highway and Sally leaps the bar ditch and runs
text: aut onto the highway and races for the station...
text: Leatherface bursts from the forrest.
text: Distent headlights: break upon the darkness of the roadway
text: and bear dow upon Sally. She sorsams and pleads of the
text: approaching car to stop..The headlights approach at*
text: high speed ‘and catching the running figure in their
text: beams swerve wildly, fishtatling but never slowing
text: or altering course and are soon winking distant:red
text: Pinpoints ef light.
text: Sallys ‘breath comesin long regged gasps. She is on the
text: verge of collapse. The lights of. the service station
text: are a watery glirner in her blurring vision.
dialog: Conte.
dialog: 78
dialog: 81 Cont.
text: Leatherface 1s back on the blacktop and descending on the |
text: faltering Sally with terrifying rapidity.
text: Suddenly she is before the service statian, pounding
text: om the door and pleading, sobbing for help..
dialog: 
text: Leatherface stops in the darkness at the edge of the |
text: . forrest opposite the service station. The chain saw ig -
text: | suddenly still. Leatnerface is visibly frightened... He
text: ceases hig squealing and begins to pad in animal frenzy
text: from the protection of the dark forbest to the edge of |
text: the light cast by the service staion and back again,,
text: tittering nervously.
text: : Their is no response to Sallys cries and she rungs for
text: a@ lighted outbuilding. Shs pounds on the door pleading
text: for entry but does not walt for an answer andi pushes
text: the door cpen and rushes inside. The old ran-is just
text: inside the door apparently himself on the verge of
text: + opening it when she rushes in, Sally falls back against
text: * the door glanming it shut.
scene_heading: , - gp pings OH COOK SH=p NIGHT
text: 3 tries: so “speaks, gags on her word, her treath :
text: “+ '@oming in long shrill gasps. She manages: to wimper..
speaker_heading: } SALLY
dialog: (OD , Help! :
text: Her body begins to tremble violently and she lurches:
text: as if she might collapse...
speaker_heading: . . SaLLy’
text: Man’s trying... (She gags) to.tsto i111 me.
text: The old man ig at her. side supporting her. He holds hers.
text: volts the door and glances” out the window.
speaker_heading: OLD: HAN
dialog: Woah, now. You're 0,Ke.
text: He leads. her to a bench.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What happened?
text: Be helps Sally take a seat, She 1s now sobbing
text: hystercally,. gagging on her cries,, her breath
dialog: | Lo Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: 79
dialog: 82 cont.
text: gtill coming in long wheezing gasps.. She trembles
dialog: vLolently..
dialog: 
scene_heading: SALLY .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: «. (She begins: to: cough and is
dialog: speak for the moment)
speaker_heading: OLD HAN:
dialog: Take it easy. Take it easy.
text: + The old man is nervous.. de darts to the window and
text: peers out again, then returns to Sally.
speaker_heading: 1 - OLD MAN ; |
text: There's nobody there now.
text: Sally has regained her composure somewhat. She ha¢e
text: Rrought her sobbing under control and'now concentrates:
text: her efforts on getting her breath and trying to talk
text: ; between long gasps. She still trembles visibly.
scene_heading: ) . SALLY
dialog: 
text: fe Gall the police. Ughs.(she gasps)
dialog: WO He might. come.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: HewJes's (She gasps for breath) He killed
text: Franklin. .I don't,'..(She gags again)
dialog: ole ekNOWeie'e'o!
text: THe old mans arms are around Sallys shoulders;; he tries
text: to calm her and to still ner trembling. She is on the
text: verge of going into shock and is struggling to maintain
text: control over herself.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Owwwe
text: She begins to sob quietly but violently her body
text: wracked by sobs, abruptly she stops determined’ to
dialog: control her emotions..
dialog: ‘ Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 83 Cont..
speaker_heading: SaLLZ
dialog: Terry 'seLeeee (He eyes Till with tears)
dialog: Weshave to call the police. T don't
text: ‘mow what happened to the others.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
text: There's-no phone here.’. (He nervously strokes
dialog: Sallys head)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No phones'..?
speaker_heading: OLD ‘MAN /
dialog: Wechave to drive over to Childress,!
text: He grasps her by the shoulders and leans olose.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN:
dialog: I°ll get the truck. You take it easy now..
text: Sally nods uncomprehending but comforted by his
text: strength and assurance and the old man is away and
text: out the door before she realizes she 1s again alone...
text: She rises with a start but the door has slammed
text: behind the old man and she hears his footateps on
text: the graveled drive.. She starts for the deo> then
text: hears the door of the truck ¢nen and reassured that
text: he ts close by returns to her seat. The truck roars
text: to life;: tne engine revs and fades as the old man
text: warms it up.
text: The tiny cook room is bathed in a red glow fron a
text: " huge open cooking pit over which large chunks of meat
text: are suspended on several spits. Sally sinks to the
text: . bemoh.. She has managed to bring her breathing under
text: control and now only gasps occasionally. She trembles
text: violently from time to time: her eyes are beginning
text: to glaze-as sheck sets in; her pupils are dialated.
text: She rests. her head on her arns and stares vacantly into
text: the glowing red fire. Long ropes of sausage hang before
text: the brick and cast lron cook pit; the iron of the pit
text: Glows red. with the heat. Sallys arms rest on a massive
text: chopping block. Before her she dimly sees portions
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: g3 Conte.
text: rs of cookedmeat and sausage arid a large butcher imife..
dialog: p48 The old man had been slicing meat when she came to '
dialog: the door. ’ :
dialog: 
text: . The truck pulls up before the cook sheds: there is"
text: , the sound off a:door opening and closing,, thena
text: second opening... The old man enters the cook shed:
text: Recissnervous..de steps forward a pace or two.. Sally
text: turns-and suiles.. The old man is carrying a gunny
text: sack;: his behavior 1s strangely ominouss. Sally
text: senses something 1s amiss and loots more closely
text: at hin..The old‘ man moves forward‘ silently.. Sally
text: atends-apprshensively. Tae oid man pulls a length of
text: heavy rope out of the sane Taeke : '
dialog: 
dialog: What are-you doing?
text: The olaiman moves-closers.He 1s frightened‘and unsure.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN:
dialog: Now, nowe... (He-wavessher to sit-dow)
dialog: eedetjust take it easy. .
dialog: 5
dialog: a
dialog: X
text: Sally backs away..
dialog: Oy, NOdsee-
speaker_heading: OLD: Mat
dialog: Now you just -cooperate young lady and’
dialog: we won't have no trouble.
text: Sally tacks up against the butcher bleck.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Whatcde.you want?
text: Her. hands:move over the butcher blosk and come upon
text: the butcher Imife;;her fingers curve around the handle.
dialog: Cont. .
dialog: 
dialog: ie
dialog: 83
dialog: "82
dialog: Conte.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Now, now, no need to do that..
text: Ee-picks up a long. handeled: broom.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Nobody's going to hurt you.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Nocleos
text: She moves-around the butcher block to the far wall..
text: The old man approaches cautiously,. nervously..His«
text: breathing is ahallow and rapid.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (‘Almost*pleading,, whining) Don't- make
dialog: it hard on ce,. young lady.
speaker_heading: SaLLY
dialog: Please don't.'.
text: There is no avenue of escape. She 1s-cornered in the
text: tiny sook shed. She waves-the knife threateningly..
text: The old man suddenly charges, swats the kmife:from her:
text: hand and heats her about She head and shoulders with
text: the broom. The broom handle breaks and he beate:hezrr
text: with the short,. jagged length of stick that remains.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (Screana) Né,no,,. pleagset
text: She tries to escape but the blows confuse end batter
text: her.. The old man manages to kmock her feet from under
text: her and she falls and the old man quickly powoes’
text: on her.
speaker_heading: SALLy
dialog: Ughe.
text: He plants“his kmees in her back pinning her to the:
text: floor and driving the air from her lungs... He gives
dialog: Conte.
dialog: 
dialog: 83 Cont..
text: her a couple of stunning blows to the head with the 83
text: broom handle.. Sally nearly blacks out;: she 1s dazed,,
dialog: paralyzed for lack of oxygen..The old: man wastes not a
text: moment.. 3efore she can recover he has bound her hands
text: behind her back, stuffed her mouth with a soiled rag
text: and slipped the gunny sack over her head and shoulders..
scene_heading: 94 =XT. STATION NIGHT
text: Re struggles to get her to her feet. She sags against
text: him,, dead weight. He drags,, half carries her across
text: the room,.pauses at the door briefly to look out, then
text: rushes her from the shed to the truck,, hoists her
text: to the floorboard ‘and slams tne door~shut.. Heise
text: breatoing heavily,. exhausted by nis struggles.
text: He moves with:an old man'g-ghuffling rum back to the-
text: oook shed,, disappears inside,, the shed goes dark: and!
text: exits,.the length of broom handle*in hand, padlocks
text: the {oor and climbs into the truck cab-behind the
dialog: whsel..
scene_heading: 85 INTERIOR TRUCK NIGHT
text: Ee settles:into the seat, gives a sigh of relief,.
text: Teleases-the handbrake and the truck moves- out onto
text: the highway. The old man speaks to Sally..His voloe
text: is pleasant and light as if they might be old friends-
text: Passing time.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN.
dialog: Hadito lock up and get“the lightss. .
text: (He pauses,. shakes his head disparaginsly)
dialog: (CO Coattof elsctricity's enough to drive a
dialog: . man out of business,. :
text: Sally mumbles through her gag. She struggles against‘
text: her bonds but they hold'fast.
text: They move down the highway at a slow but decent rate...
dialog: The oldi truck 1s moving as fast as is soafortahls,'
text: The old man prods:Sally gingerly with the stick. He~
text: is still nervous and seems almost“afraid of her
dialog: reaction. :
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: _ Hope you're not too umconfortable down
dialog: there.
dialog: Sally crtesvout ageinst the Sage.
text: The old man agein pokes-her with the stick..He .
dialog: 2. s : seems
dialog: to enjoy torturing her and at the same time to be
dialog: afraid that the torture will produce some t. rribl
dialog: Tedetion with which he will be unable to coves. °
speaker_heading: OmD NaN
dialog: C. No need for you to worry yourself, now.
dialog: ~ You just take it easy. We be thers soon..
dialog: . 84
dialog: 85 Cont.-
text: Sally cries out against her gage.
speaker_heading: — OLD MAN
dialog: 
dialog: Now, now, there.
text: He deaccelerates the truck, then brakes and they
text: turn off the highway onto the road’ earlier taker:
dialog: by the van. ; sot
speaker_heading: OLD: HAN.
dialog: That won't do you no good.
text: The truck rattles dow the rutted overgrown road.. The
dialog: springs have long since lost their tension and the
text: shooks are ancient and useless and the truck bounces
text: ' over the reed like a pogo stick...
scene_heading: ' . OLD. MAN :
dialog: Hang on,.We be over this stretch in '
dialog: a bit. (He giagles) '
text: i The headlights pick up a figure walking along the road. }
text: The old aan slows the truck and honks the horn..
scene_heading: © OLD. MAN oo ,
dialog: (Angrily) Halfwitt
text: The figure on the road is the hitohiker., He-saunters i
text: k willy-nilly over the read slapping lazily at the:
text: . trees with the long dead and limp caroass of a rabbit’
text: he oarries.
text: The old man lays on the horn asthe truok 1s upon
text: the hitchiker. The hitchiker moves slightiy to one
text: Bide of the road but otherwise ignore the truck.:
scene_heading: OLD. MAN.
dialog: Little coonshit..
scene_heading: 86 EXT. NIGHT Ruav
text: The old men jams on the brakes;;the truck slides-to a
text: halt end he grabs the stick and leaps out-of the oat
text: and rims toward the hitchixers The hitoniker turns,,
text: sees the old man approach and begins to back away.
dialog: cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 86 Cont..
dialog: 85
scene_heading: EXTERIOR foap HIG=T
speaker_heading: ) ry Ona HAN
dialog: | Comeshere,. you map haired idiot..
speaker_heading: EITCHIZER
dialog: : (Whines) T didn't de anythings.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Where you been?
speaker_heading: EITCHIKER
text: Out on the road. I been on the road.
speaker_heading: . * OLD MAN
dialog: , * You. dam fool.. You nearly got caught over at Newt,.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EITCHIK=ER
dialog: They don't lmow nothing..They didn't catch me..
text: He breaks and rims from the old man. The old man hollers:
text: after hine.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I told you to stay away from that graveyarde.
text: He runs tack te the truck.
text: The hitchiker takes:the fork off the read,. unlocks the
text: : gate and swings it open. :
scene_heading: 87 INT. NIGHT raucK
text: The old man drives:the truck through the gate. As he
text: passes the hitchiker jumps on the running board..
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: QF
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 86
dialog: 87 Cont.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: OLD HAN
dialog: Your dam fool ‘brother gov after a bimch of kids.
scene_heading: INTERIOR HOUSE NICHT
text: They enter the meadow before the big house, now
text: brilliantly lit.. The noise of the generator fills
text: the air. They stop the truck before the house and
dialog: together unload! Sally and'drag and carry her to the
text: house. The old man Lleaves-the hitchiker to the task
text: outside the door,, pausing te hold the scorsen wide
text: for him to enter through the splintered‘ remant of
text: the doar, and then moves down the hall.
text: The door at the end of the hall opens and Leatherface>
text: appears. He 1s a huge man with heavy shoulders and
text: enormous nands..He weard an-old baggy flannel: pinstripe
text: suit and a atarched. shirt open at the throat. The
text: suit front is covered by a large gingham apron.’ Over
text: hia face he wears a leathery mask..The mask is distinctly
dialog: different fron the one he earlier wore.. It :isr the
text: tanned facial skin of an elderly woman;: 1¢ has-been
text: stretched over a rigid form to give it the proper shape..
text: It 13 apparent that behind'the mask Leatherface is
text: smiling broadly; there its.a flash off filed teeth. Hem
text: is excited and pleased with himself; he approaches
text: wiping his hands-on the apron. He speaks but his words
text: are wmiintelligible ‘snorts, chortling; gutteral and
text: shrill coughs and squeals.
speaker_heading: LEATHERPACE
dialog: & abe y ob-sr ewe obers.
text: The od man is angry and attacks Leatherface..
speaker_heading: OLD MAN:
dialog: You damn fool.
text: The old man draws back his hand to cuff Leatherface and
text: Leatherface is-transformed to a cringing whining. child..
text: He slinks fearfully tack trough ¢ the doorway. The old’
text: man follows. .
scene_heading: INTERIOR HOUSE DINING ROCM NIGHT
text: The hitehiker has managed to manuver Sklly into the
text: dining room of the house and has seated her and
dialog: Cont...
speaker_heading: — we ES
dialog: 
dialog: ©
dialog: f
dialog: 87
dialog: 89 Conts. ‘
text: bound her securely in a large overstuffed chair at
text: the dining table. The table has been set for four persons
text: but Sally has not beerr placed before a table setting.
text: Before one of the settings there is no chair. The:
text: hitchiker removes-the guony sack from Sallys head..
speaker_heading: AITCHIEES
dialog: I thought you vasvin @ husrye
text: Sally gags at the sight of the hitc! ere.
scene_heading: 7 segs 2 * AITCSIKER
dialog: Decided to come by my house after all,. huh’
text: Sally chokes in horror. The dining room is-not brightly
text: lit..She sees the giant totem of human bones and skullss.
text: The dining table is constructed of cow bones and the
text: room is lit by a huge chandeleer made of human finger
text: bones. In the living room beyond she can see the grisly:
text: oollection of furniture made of human and animal bones.
text: The lampshads on the spinal columm.lamp can now clearly
text: be seen. It 1s made of the flesh of human hands ingenlousiy
text: woven together.
scene_heading: 90 INTERIOR HOUSE BUTCHEH ROOM
speaker_heading: OLD: Man
dialog: 
dialog: You Gette#:dam got them other kids..
text: - Leatherface retreats to the far end of the butcher room.
dialog: (He has evidently been preparing supper) He'is nervous
text: and shrinking,,. evidently terrified of the old men
text: though he is much larger and stronger. He busias
text: himself fussily and noisilg with his pots and pang
text: as if his service might sooth the old man. The old
text: Man persues him, following close on his hasls as he
text: movessabout the kitchen yslling all the while in his
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN ©
dialog: Where them kids?
text: Leatherface answers with a:rush of sounds, high
text: pitched and timorous.
scene_heading: LEATHERFACE.
dialog: Tha goba igee em a
dialog: Cont.
dialog: gt
dialog: 99 cont.
scene_heading: OLD. MAN |
dialog: How come you “didn't wait for bubba.. You .
dialog: dam fool. Fool. I ever catch you out on
dialog: the toade.s.. Where's them kids? Show me
dialog: where they are.
text: Leatherface answers with a barrage of sounds and points
text: at the butcher block on which there 1s a srall quantity.
text: of'newly made sausage and at the freezer.Franklin'’s battered.
text: wheelohair stands beside the freezers.
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Tb abe e de yce me abge.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN:
text: None of them get away? (He draws back his
text: hand to cuff Leatherfase.
scene_heading: LEATHERPACE:
dialog: Pu iba. u sob moer e onshe. (He shakes his
dialog: head. vigorously)
speaker_heading: OLD MAN.
dialog: You sure.
dialog: Leatherface ahakeshis head vigorously yesei2%'
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: T tha i i lba Le
text: The old man draws tack his hand once again and Leatherface
text: cTinges before him but seems Teady to reocelve the blow.
text: The old man lowers his hand.
speaker_heading: OLD HAN.
dialog: You ddmn fool,, you ruined the door..
text: The old mans anger has abated and Leatherface seeing
text: his anger has passed begins to chortle happily and turns-
dialog: te his dinner preparations. .
scene_heading: INTERIOR HOUSE DINING ROOM NIGat
text: The hitonikerr returns to the dining reom and opens
text: the door as wide as 1s possible thenagain disappears.
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: _——<——— —<$———— $$ Se
dialog: 
dialog: - 91 Gants.
text: There ig the sound of something heavy being drug across
text: the floor and suddenly the andient man,. the grandfether,,
text: in the heavy rocking chair appears inthe open doorway;;
text: the hitehixer 1s tehind the chair shoveling it through
text: the doorway.. The grandfather still looks dead. de has«
text: not moved and does not respond in any way to anything:
text: about hin.. The moving of his rocker has set*it in
text: motion but the old man rocks:lifelessly with the ohair.
text: Leatherface enters the room from another door, evidently
text: leading to the kitchen. The door is left open and the
text: kitchen cen be seen beyond. He is carrying a dish
text: of ¢old cuts:which he places on the table then turns
text: toward the kitchen,.sees-the hitehixer with the 1.
text: grandfather. He speaks in a kindly and welcoming tone
text: to. the grandfather,, approaches the chair and bends
text: to Kiss him on the forehead thenistraightens to speak
text: to the hitchiker;: he accompanies his garbled sounds
dialog: with gestures.. .
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Aba de ah duo dey;;erik beaka obida tey..
text: Ela gestures indicat that the grendfather should be
text: placed beside Sally. Hevls smiling: graciously beneath
text: his mask;; filed teeth flash behind the loose lips of
text: the mask. The hitehiker nods vigorously indicating
text: his understanding and manuvers the old man into
text: position close to Sally out facing the opposite:
text: Girection. On the back of the grandfather's chair
text: 1s painted the symbol the hitchiker sorawled on the Tan.
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: You did good,
text: Leatherface beams broadly from beneath Nis-mask. de
text: assists the hitchiker in positioning the grandfather
text: and chortles a responsé. ,
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Abe do, aba do.
text: Sally watches -and listens to the proceedings in wide
text: Byéd horror. She has exhausted her energy in struggling
text: futily against her bonds and now no longer struggles
text: but jerks away whenevervone of the »rothers appraoches.
text: She. is frightened now certain that something 1s about
text: to happen. Her chair -1s positioned beside and facing
text: the grandfather and Leatherface 1s fussing over her and.
text: occasionaly strokes her hair. Leatherface speaks to
text: the hitchiker again seeging to give instructions his
text: words accompanied with gestures.
speaker_heading: LEATZERPACE
dialog: Aga does uh er.
dialog: 89
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7 Se eter
speaker_heading: MONOD
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: »
dialog: ; .
dialog: )
dialog: 
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 90
dialog: 91 Cont...
dialog: 92
text: The hitchiker moves behind Sally's chair and fron
text: behind and to. one side grasps her arm just above the
text: wrist in both his hands. Leatnerfaoespicks up a knife
text: from the table and approaches, Sally begins to struggle
text: and scream as best she is able though she is~securely
text: bound and gagged. Leatherface speaks to her in a
text: reassuring tone and strokes her hair then cuts-the ropes
text: that bind the arm held by the hitchiker,. turns her
text: hee palm up and quickly and expertly cuts deeply into
text: the tip of her index finser. Sally struggles violently
text: on the verge of fatnting but is firmly held by the
text: hitchiker. Leatherface Lifts her hand. and with the
text: hitchikers assistance they force 1t into the grand-
text: fathers mouth, Leatherface must open the slack toothe
dialog: less mouth himself and insert the finger... Once the
text: finger is in his mouth the srandfather begins to suckle
text: like and an infant his arms and legs suddenly have
text: life and begin to squirm. He buts-Sallys finger with
text: his hands ag if it were a reluctant breast. Sally
text: looks: on with horror. The cutting of her finger had
text: nearly brought on a faint and the horror and revulsion
dialog: of the service she has:.been made to give are too much
text: and she blacks out.
scene_heading: INTERIOR HOUSE DINING. ROOM
text: Sally regains consciousness. The first thing she sees is
text: Leatherface seated oppostte. Fe now wears a new mask. It
text: ia the face of a woman who might once have been beautiful.
text: The process of tanning the flesh has shrunken the size>
text: of the features and given them a deep mahogany tint.
text: The mask has been made up with a white powlemand has
text: some of the starimsess of stage make up.. The lips
text: are heavily ringed with a dark red lipstick,, the
text: eyebrows penciled in darkly with mascara, thelashes:
text: have been covered with false ones and azound the eyes
text: there is a graenish eye shadow.
text: The hair on the mask is long and flows down over:
text: - his shoulders. On tis wrist Pam's bracelet jinzles..
text: Sally screams..Her gag has been removed.. The
text: hitehiker joins her screams witha howl and Leatherface,
text: suddenly delighted,, joins his howls to theirs. The
text: Oldman looks peevad,, then begins to hovl,, then age
text: abruptly stops seemingly distressed.. Sally suddenly
text: stops. The hitcniker begins to giggle but Leatherface
text: continues -to howl.. The grandfather does not respond to
dialog: the raoket..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh,, please, pleasesseadt
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: 91
dialog: 892 Cont. .
text: The brothers are having a snack of cold cuts and headcheese..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD: MAN:
dialog: Shut up..
text: The. howling continues drowning his command..
speaker_heading: . OLD MAN:
dialog: Quiet!
text: By this time Sally has stopped screaming and the
text: hitchiker 1s gisgling;;only Leatherface continues to
text: howl, The oldmans voice penstrates his howling and
text: he stops abruptly,, crestfallen and suddenly timid.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You act like a pack of hounds.
text: Leatherface 1s intimidated and does not look at the
dialog: old man..Tne hitohiker'is more aggressive...
scene_heading: : HITCHIKEE
dialog: O We's just having fun.
speaker_heading: OLD" HAN
dialog: You think this is a party?
text: Sally addresses herself to the old man.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Please, help me. You can make them stop..
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: He can't,.
text: Leatherface leans forward and pats Sally comfortingly
text: on the handi.Sally shrinks tack.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (fo hitehiker) Shut your mouth. (To Sally)
dialog: Can't be helped, young lady.
dialog: Cont...
dialog: owe ee ee
dialog: ro
dialog: \
dialog: 92
dialog: 92 Conte. .
text: The hitohtker begins to giggle again.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN.
dialog: (To hitchiker) Saut up. (To sally)
dialog: Don't pay him no mind.
text: Leatherface beaks a tiddit froma slice of headcheese
text: and inserts it into the oldman's mouth. The-gzandfather
text: begins gumming the headcheese in childlike fashion but
text: the headcheese works itself out ofhis toothless mouth
text: and glides down his chin on a rope of syrupy saliva.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: _ Please,, Rou can’t let them kill me.-
dialog: The old man: does not Look at Sally.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN"
dialog: Can't be helped..
text: The hitchiker leans. forward and wipes his hand across
text: Sally's face..Sally shrieks and shrinks away from the
text: hnend. The hitchiker giggles..
speaker_heading: HITCHTIKES
dialog: (fo Leatherface) You like that Pacez,
text: Leatherface seems to see Sally's face for the first time.
text: He studies tt triefly and then nods happily..
speaker_heading: LEATSERFACE
dialog: Un va uhm.
text: He strokes Sally's hair and pats her hand reassuringly..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: They're crazFsee0. You have to nelpeoen
scene_heading: HITCHIXER :
dialog: He can't do anything.. He's. just a cock..
speaker_heading: OLD - MAN
dialog: Shut up,, you biteh hog.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: WA
dialog: 93
dialog: Cont. .
text: 92 The hitchiker wheezes and chortles.. 5
speaker_heading: HITCHIXER
dialog: Me and Leatherface do all the work.
dialog: He don’t like it. Isn't that right..
dialog: You ain't nothing but the cook.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Shut your mouth..You don't understand?
dialog: nothing,..
text: Leatherface 1s distressed by the developing hostility.
text: Ee busies himself slicing additional meats and. cheeses”
dialog: and feeding the grandfather...
speaker_heading: RITCHIXER
dialog: ‘I understand you're nothing. Me and hin
dialog: do all the work..
speaker_heading: OLD MAN.
dialog: T‘oan't take no pleasure in killingi
text: The hitchiker snorts..
text: Leatherface stands, much distressed, and leavee the
text: reom; he can be seen in the saockground through an open
text: door;:he is freshening his makeup before a larse framed
text: mirror. dung on pegs set. into the mirror frane are
text: ‘several dozen masks of the type he wears; there is also
text: on the dresser before the mirror an extensive collection
dialog: of cosmetics. . ar
speaker_heading: OLD: Man
dialog: {fo Sally) There are just some things you
dialog: have to do. Don't mean you have to like it..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, please... You can’ tesee
text: The old man locks away from Sally's plea.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {To hitshiker) Why do you want to kill
dialog: me? I never hurt yxou..
dialog: Cont..
dialog: Ve
dialog: 94
dialog: 92 Cont.
text: The hitchiker giggles flendishly..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (fo hitehiker) Please.....Itill do
dialog: anything you want.
text: She begins to sob..Leatherface reenters the. room;; he
text: goes to Sally and pats her hand. The hitchiker mocks-
text: her sobe.. The old man begins to titter then suddenly
text: stands, throws his naplin down on the | table and
text: mutters angrily.
speaker_heading: OLD: MAN:
dialog: No need to torture the poor girl.
speaker_heading: EITCHIKER
dialog: ' You just the cook, remember. Me and him
dialog: take care of this.
speaker_heading: OLD: MAN
dialog: You get on with it..I won't haverthis.
text: The hitchiker ignores him. He-looks directly at Sally...
speaker_heading: RITCEI“=2
dialog: We in no huray You ain't going nowhere..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Noeeee (She sobs)
text: The old man draws back his hand to cuff the hitchhiker.
speaker_heading: : OLD Max .
dialog: You hear me!
text: The -hitchiker ralses ‘his arms-to protect himself? from
dialog: the blow but ne is bold now.
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: T heard'you but it don't mean much.
dialog: Conte.
dialog: 
dialog: 95
dialog: 92 Conte.
text: u ; The old man drops his hand.
speaker_heading: OLD: MAN .
dialog: No sense in waiting. .D got to open up soon.
dialog: I'm thinking about letting old grandpa
dialog: have some fun. You alwaysstold ne-hets the
text: Leatherface begins fussing and cooing over the grandfather.
dialog: , The grandfather 1s .as usual lifeless.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN.
dialog: Heta the best alright.
speaker_heading: + HITCHIKER
dialog: . Let*s let him have a whack.. Hey grandpe
dialog: F * wergoing to let you have this ones. (fe
dialog: esa into the grandfathers unresponsive
dialog: ear
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
speaker_heading: Xv
dialog: I don't think he's much up to it any more,
text: Leatherface looks at the old man and begins jabbering
text: what seems to be a repramand;; he then speaks soothingly
dialog: to the grandfather.
scene_heading: LEATHERFACE.
dialog: {To the old man) Ewe neber da at idowanher,
dialog: no! (To grandfather) uzdo pay e bannam e
dialog: ellweigh.
speaker_heading: EITCHIKER
dialog: He don't think so. Let's give him a whacks
speaker_heading: SALLT
dialog: No,,no, please. You can't do this..
text: She is struggling against her bonds;: ghe- sobs uncontrol-
text: ably but quietly. She labors furiously and ‘desperately
dialog: Cont.
dialog: We
speaker_heading: TT
dialog: \__-
dialog: 96
dialog: 92 Cont.
dialog: but to no avail.
text: The hitchikerrrushes out. of the room apparently to bring
text: the necessary equiptment. .Leatherface still fusses and
text: coves over the grandfather, stroking his hand and fron
text: time to tine kissing him wetly on the cheek.
text: The old man turns to Sally.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Now hush your orying. It won't hurt none,.
speaker_heading: _ SALLY
dialog: Oh, please..Deon't do it, please.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN.
dialog: {To himself as-much as to. Sally) Best
dialog: dam Killer they aver was. They say he
dialog: never took more tian one lick. (He shakes:
text: his head in wonder).
text: The hitchiker returns dragging, with much. clatter, a
text: huge galvanized tin washtub. The tub is stained with
text: aQried blood..A’ small sledge hammer oclangs about in the
text: bottom of the tub as the hitchiker yanks it across the
text: floor. The hitohiker dzags the washtub over to grandpas
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
text: D1id.60 in 5°minutesonss.. They say he
dialog: would have done more ifthe hook and
dialog: pull gang could have got the beeves out
dialog: ofthe way faster..
speaker_heading: BITCHIKER
dialog: (To Leatherface) Help grandpa with the
dialog: Ie
text: The hitchiker goes to Sally and with a carving imife
text: from the table cute her bonds.. Sally tries to break
text: away but the hitenhiker grabs her hair in his fist close>
text: behind her head and yanks one arm behind her and olose
text: up under her shoulder blades.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 97
dialog: 92. Conte.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Now,. now.. You hush..O0ld grandpa’s the-
dialog: beste. You won't feel a thing.
text: Sally issuable to struggle. The hitchiker forces her
text: te her knees before the tub and pushes her down over
text: the rime de then releases her hair and puts his: foot
text: behind her head still forcing her arm high on her back.
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: Give him the hammer.. Let him haveit.
text: The old man has retreated to the doorway of the kitchen
dialog: and watohes timidiy from there. He has tecome sonewnat
text: hnysterical.and cccastonaly breaks into giggles though
text: he quickly husheshinself..
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: They still talk about grandpa dom
dialog: at-the slaughterhouse. Nobody ever
dialog: bested hime.
dialog: 
text: Leatherface has pushed grandpa's chair into position beside
text: Sally and is latoring to place the sledge hammer in
text: grandpa's limp fingers..Grandpa's eyes tegin to flutter
text: from time to time as if the excitement of the moment
text: might have affected him. Leatherface wraps grandpa's
text: fingers individually around. the hammer handle and lifts
text: grendpats shriveled’ arn and lets it fall.. The hammer
text: falls from his fingers. and crashessto the floor missing
dialog: Sally.
speaker_heading: HITCHIKER
dialog: Help hime. Help hin.
text: Leatherface chortles in excitement..
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Lio ba fu gapa gil
dialog: Cont..
dialog: , :
dialog: 98
dialog: 92 cont.
text: Sally is struggling mightily.. She screams though with
text: her neck pinned against the rim of the washtut she
text: only chokes. The hitchiker is tiring and becoming
text: impatient.
text: In the background the old man 1s giggling and hopping
text: nervously from foot to foot, occasionaly stopping,
text: to squeal and squeak and wring his hands and call
dialog: enoouragement to grandpa,
speaker_heading: : OLD MAN
dialog: Gat her, get her.
text: Leatherface “as azain wrapped the grandfather's hands-
dialog: arowd the hammer and lifted his arm;; this: tine he does:
text: not release the arm but tries:to give it. direction
dialog: assit falls..
speaker_heading: OLD: MAN:
dialog: That a boy:; go to her...
text: Grantpats eyessare open dimly now;: his eyesrare:
dialog: - weak and watery..It 1s douosfull he sees cleariy
dialog: what ls happening;:he 1s however visibly affected’
text: by the excitement and is slobbering and blubbering.
text: The blow falls missing Sally's head‘and striking her a
text: painfull blew on the shoulder;: she squeals-in pain
text: and strugzles all the more violently..
speaker_heading: SALLY’
dialog: a4nhheee! Ugh.
text: The hitchiker-is having dirficultyhelding her.
text: Leatherface squeals and chortlessin excitement
scene_heading: LEATHERPACE -
dialog: Ob; bo be bo ce oO daba daba..
speaker_heading: SITCHIKER
dialog: Hit'her.. it the biteh. Help him.
text: Again Leatherface has the hammer in grandpa's hand and’
dialog: has lifted his arm nlgh..Tnis time he puts:some of his
dialog: Cont..
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 99
dialog: 92 Cont..
text: gtrength and direction into the blow and it strikes
text: Sally a:glancing blow to tne head;; blood gushes from
text: the wound.
speaker_heading: HITOHTKES
dialog: Hitcher. Hit her
speaker_heading: SaLLy
dialog: Abhhhhittt!
speaker_heading: LEATHERFACE
dialog: Ava; dd hil li ite-giba gita
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Hets:the best..Look at that.
text: Sally squeais and her struggles become superhuman.
text: The hiteniker can no longer hold‘her still and she
dialog: is a difficult target for the grandfather..The
text: grandfather is grinning’ broadly end toothlessly now
dialog: evidently the motions have awakened some din msmory
text: of times past. Leatherface has the hammer again in his
text: hand and the grandfather nowlends some of’ his feeble
text: strength. Together they lift’ the hammer and together
text: bring it down on Sally's heads. The hitehikers: inability
text: to hold Sally still causes:the blow to be off target
dialog: neverthaless it ig:a viscious:blow,. Sally aquealg snd
text: tALS tine it issan inhuman sound and her struggles ars all
dialog: the- more: furious.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oooeatsece!!!
text: The. hitchiker-issexhausted and infurtated.
speaker_heading: : BITCHIKER
dialog: Let me havett. Give it to mesDamn..
text: Leatherface struggles to recover the hammer amidst the
text: confusion of the grandfather's childlike flailing arms
text: and. Sally's violent strugsles.' The nitchiker suddenly
text: releases: Sally and nakes'a grab for the hammer..
dialog: Conts.
dialog: 3
dialog: 100
dialog: exo CUBirsz naw
dialog: 93
dialog: gu
dialog: 95
text: In-that instant*Sally is up and running,, squealing in
text: pain,. blinded by the flow of blood and in a state-of
text: shook, She trips in the washtub but such is her frenzy
text: that she is not slowed and hurtles-across the room
text: erashing through the windows in a shower of glasse She
text: doas “not fall beyond the windows and 1g in motion the
text: toment she touches the ground.
text: The hitchiker squeals in rage and surprise and is
text: instantly in perstit; hardly hesitating before leaping
text: through the shattered window.
text: Leatherface:panics and begins to squeal and whinny and’
text: Tushes for a moment helplessly about the room before
text: Pushing into the kitchen. The old man stands beside the
text: doorway in distress;:he moans and wrings his handss. Prom
text: the kitchen somes‘the gutteral cough and then the savage
text: revving of the chain saw then Leatherfece rushes out
text: the the window on the trail of Sally and the~hitchiker:.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR HOUSE DAWN
text: Sally 1s only 30 yards ahead of the hitchikerj; she is.
text: running blindly and with animal strength and ingtints.21
text: The hitchiker~chargessdown on her squealing: and screaming
text: madiy.. The chain saw roarssin the background’ and then
text: Leatherface emerges from the house squealing shrilly..
scene_heading: EXTERIOR FORREST DAUN.
text: Sally is across the clearing and into the forrest. It:
text: is, dawining;: the sun isnot yet up but the sky hag a-
text: purple grey predawn ocast.with a tinge of red at the
text: horizon. .Tne dense undergrowth of the forrest maker
text: progress difficult,clutohing and snaring at Sally as
text: she rung. She payseno heed to the clawing gromth,
text: Crashing througn the green jungle unheeding.. Suddenly
text: she is in a net of rovy vines and olutching brambles;; she-
text: claws and flails to free herself but only seems to
text: beoome futther entangled... The hitcniker is all but
text: upon her;; Leatherface has closed the distance and the
text: roar of the chain sawv-hammers at her sars.. She scratches,
text: Slaws; soranbleg and writhes in the prison of grasping
text: foliage and suddenly she ls free even as the hands-of
text: the hitentker are upon her..
text: She breaks-out of the forrest and upon the highway,
text: leaps the bar ditoh and sprints up the embankment to
text: the hardtop as the hitchhiker bresks out of the forrest.
dialog: Cconts.
dialog: 
dialog: oot
dialog: jj
speaker_heading: J
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: 98 NEW ANGLE
dialog: to2
dialog: Cont.
text: Leatherface is-close behind hacking his way out-of the
text: jungle. .The sky now has a tinge of morning red;: Sally
text: Tung out onto the roadway.. :
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: The distant headlights, wan in the morning light, of
text: a@ car approach.. Sally mms away from the hitchiker and
text: toward the approaching car;-she taves-her arms
text: wildly and pleads for the car to gstop..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Help! Help! Please stop.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: The driver of the car sees the wild and bloody figure of
text: Sally rushing toward him the hitohiker in persuit
text: and then Leatherface breaks from the forrest squealing
text: and slashing the air wildly with his chain saw and
text: he accelerates swerving to aiss Sally and roars dowm
text: the highway. .dAloaded' cattle truck 1s close behind the
text: car. .The hitchiker is close upon Sally,.less tham a:
text: dezen yards*behind. Sally darts into the path of the
text: oncoming truck begging the driver to stop..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Pheases. Oh, please, please help met
text: The huge cattle truck swings awkwardly to avoid Sally
text: and. the driver finds himself upon the hitchixer and unable
text: to react before the huge bulk of the truck rushes over
text: the soreaming hitchiker..The driver yanks. on his air
text: brakes-bringing the truck to a lurching,. skidding,
text: careening halt in the roadway..The cattle panic and begin
text: to bellow and mill about wildly.. The driver throws open
text: his door to see Sally racing for the truck with leather face:
text: squealing and snorting his chain saw flailing the air
text: bearing down on her. The driver jumps aside and throws
text: Sally into the cab and leaps in after her and tries-to
text: turn the engine but Leatnerface is hacking at the glass
text: and steel of the cab with the savage chain saw. The:
text: window glass shatters with a savage thrust of the saw
text: and. the thin steel door is shredded... The driver opens
text: the far door and shoves Sally out and she rushes up the
text: road;: the driver then grabs a big wrench from the
text: floorboard, leaps from the cab and follows Sallys He~
text: sprints-a half dozen yards then suddenly halts;,, plents:
text: his feet and hurls<«the wrenches.
speaker_heading: 99 NEW ANGLE
text: The wrench catches-Leatherface full in the face and he
text: is sent sprawling. As-he falls his grip‘on the saw
dialog: Conts.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 102
dialog: 99 Cont..
text: fs. broken and it Jumps free titing deep into his thigh
text: and skitters crazily about the blacktop... Leatherface
text: squealsand shrills_in pain and Aaysteria.. Pury,, pain
text: and ‘bewilderment drive hin Seserk and he scrambles!
dialog: efter the chain sar,
scene_heading: - 100 NEW ANGLE 4;
text: The driver leaves:tne road and rungs int toa field
text: bordering the highway.
speaker_heading: 101 NEW ANGLE
text: - Leatherface recevers the saw,. sees Sally and the driver
text: running in nearly opposite directions and squeals in
text: terror, .rege and pain,.arnd flailing the saw wildly
dialog: ‘Im ths alr and now hobtling and bleeding prefussly,,
dialog: he chargesafter Selly. - ‘
speaker_heading: 102 “ ANGLS
text: A Dattered,. oid piskup a roaches beyond Sally...
scene_heading: 103 NEW ANGLE ° prasnP SPP 7 ve
text: Sally waves-Her arms wildly ana pleads-for the driver
text: to stop and again tne horror of the scene serrifies
text: the driver and he seeks to avoid the appreacning ‘
dialog: figures...
text: Sally 13 now far beyond the Limits ef human endurance.
text: -Her cries ere no longer hutan sounds. She Imows she
text: cen Ge 00, further and in desperation plants herself
dialog: Ly an sh o3 he once
dialog: toe ni arene a e@ path of the ming pickup.
text: The driver swerves and jams on his brakes..The tires’
text: squesl,. the truck whips,. then spins, hurtling toward
text: Sallsy does not move.. Shs sees the truck floating toward
text: her in slow motion, spinning gracefully in her cloudy
text: vision; tne tirca squsel in an extended roan. Tha tail
text: of the truck swings slowly around and whirls softiy clos ete.
text: She bering a slow dive for the truokked,
speaker_heading: 105 NEY ANGLE
text: Tne tail of the truck catches Sally ag she dives and tosses
text: her into the air nas the truck comes to a screeching,. spiuniags
text: halt. She is throrm into the truokbed.
speaker_heading: 106 NEW ANGLE
text: The pickup slides to a final jolting halt beyond Leetherface:
dialog: end facing tne direction opposite tne one. in whiten it tas
dialog: 
dialog: headed, :
text: Leatherta: gee the truck clawing the air with
dialog: 107 weWSGEE™ $4
text: The ariver pons the clutch and the track epurts then
dialog: dies
speaker_heading: 108 NEW “aNOLE
text: . " ($aliy crawls to the rear window of the truck,. pounds:
text: . “weakly om the glass and segs the driver to 59.
speaker_heading: 3arbY~
dialog: Go,, Zo geltl
speaker_heading: 109 NEW ANGLES
text: The driver uvanks the enginc..
dialog: 
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: 109 Conte —
text: Leatherface tgs-upon the truck. The chaln saw rakes
text: the fencer, He squeals sadly and rushes for Saliy.
dialog: =
text: 110 se xy AGES, Ter pops the clrtcn and the pickup lurches avaye
speaker_heading: 112 nEt “ANGLE
text: Leataerface has nountesd’ the truck ané ls sent sprexling
text: but Shis tice ollnss tenaciously to the saw and rolls
text: agily to his fest.
speaker_heading: .112 NEW ANGLE
text: The pickup moves rapidly away. Sally sees-Leatherfacee
text: dwindly in the distance anc sinke to the bed’ of the
dialog: truck ani huddles there govotng quietlrs. Tie dslver-
text: of the cattle truck ts a@ 1600 yards away across the
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: 113 NEW ANGLE
text: Leatherface stands in the center of the highway souealing
text: ‘tn matias rage and whielding the shain sew with savagen
dialog: idiot fury.-
scene_heading: 114 NEW aNGLe :
text: The cpen staring eye of the dead hitchiker,, his- ‘lower .
text: jaw nearly ripped from his head by the collision is in
text: the foreground..Seyond tae sitchiker,, Leatherface squeals
text: and slasnes the morning sky with the chain say. The
text: pickup with Sally in the bed is a distant mark agsinst
text: the horizon, The full red sorming stm rests. just 2sove
text: the rin of the earth,. From the cattle trucic comes the
text: Yellowing of frigntencd cathle.. . .
speaker_heading: TH EXD
dialog: 
