speaker_heading: THE PUNISHER
dialog: by
dialog: Robert Mark Kamen
dialog: First Draft March 1, 1988
speaker_heading: OPEN TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: On a deserted rain slicked street, FRANK CASTLE watches a
text: heavy equipment warehouse thirty yards down the road through
text: the windshield of a non-descript vehicle, parked in the
text: shadows. His partner JAKE BERKOWITZ, slightly rumpled,
text: slightly older, dozes next to him. Castle extracts a
text: package from a paper sack and begins to unwrap it. Inside
text: is a beautifully prepared meal, complete with napkin and
text: utensils. Mischievously Castle crumbles the wrapping paper
text: loudly. Berkowitz wakes and squints over at him
text: malevolently as Castle pretends to go about his business.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Good morning Princess.
text: Berkowitz grumbles, looking at his watch.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Three o'clock. They were supposed
dialog: to be here two hours ago. [ don't
dialog: know why they call them organized
dialog: crime. The assholes are never on
dialog: time for anything.
text: He looks at Castle eating, not with a little envy. He pulis
text: a soggy paperbag out from under his seat and extracts a
text: leaky cup of coffee and a soggy sandwich.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Why do you eat like that?
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Because I'm a bachelor, that's
dialog: why. I don't have someone in
dialog: my life who loves me enough to
dialog: prepare gourmet fucking meals
dialog: everytime I go on a stake out.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Yes you do.
text: Castle takes another package out of his bag and hands it to
text: Berkowitz. Berkowitz beams and tosses his soggy fare out
text: the window. He bites into a wedge of pie.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: She's too good for you. You
dialog: know that.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: (warm)
dialog: Yeah. I do.
text: A car pulls up to the warehouse. Two men get out and enter
text: the warehouse. One carries a suitcase.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Rock-n-roll.
text: Castle is out of the car in a flash, gun in hand. Berkowitz
text: stuffs the rest of the pie into his mouth and follows.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: Heavy machinery stands like dinosaurs in the shadows. Ina
text: small lit area in the middle of the room seven men stand
text: around a table on which the open suitcase sits, filled with
text: Clear plastic bags of white powder. The two men who brought
text: the bag, visibly anxious, watch as the CHEMIST checks the
text: powder for purity with a test kit. Their eyes flick from
text: the test to the four men across from them. Three thugs, BIG
text: LOU, TOUGH TONY and FRANKIE THE FIST, flanking their boss,
text: an extremely stylishly dressed, impeccably coiffed hood,
text: DAPPER DINO MORETTI. The Chemist looks at Moretti and
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CHEMIST
text: Only sixty percent pure.
speaker_heading: COURIER NO. 1
dialog: That's impossible. Do it again.
text: Moretti's expression doesn’t change.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: Where's the other forty percent?
speaker_heading: COURIER NO. 2
dialog: This thing is off.
text: As he goes to grab the test kit, he accidently gets some
text: white powder on Moretti's suit sleeve. Everyone freezes.
text: Moretti stares at the spot as if it were an anathema to his
dialog: very soul.
speaker_heading: COURIER
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Sorry Mr. Moretti.
text: Moretti looks at his thugs. Ina flash they grab the two
text: men and force their right hands onto the table.
speaker_heading: COURIER
dialog: Hey! What are you doing? Hey!
text: Moretti picks up a steel bar and viciously smashes it across
text: each man's hand twice. The men shriek. Moretti wags a pipe
text: under their pain contorted faces.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: (calm)
text: Monday a hand. Tuesday an arm.
dialog: Wednesday a head. I want my
dialog: other forty percent. Understand?
text: He taps the first man's chin with a pipe. The man nods.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: And if you ever get me dirty
dialog: again you son-of-a-bitch, your
dialog: wife's a widow.
speaker_heading: CASTLE (V.O.)
dialog: Don't move, police!
text: Everyone turns to Castle on one end and Berkowitz on the
text: other end of the room, guns raised, jumping from behind the
text: heavy equipment. The thugs pull their guns and start
text: firing. Castle and Berkowitz take cover and fire back. Two
text: thugs go down, the others head for cover. Moretti grabs the
text: suitcase of dope.
text: The gun battle ensues, with shots ringing off metal. Castle
text: is stalking around a piece of equipment when he sees two
text: thugs sighting up Berkowitz, who has the couriers and the
text: chemist cornered. Thinking quickly, Castle notices that the
text: men are moving in front of a frontloader. Castle hops from
text: where he is perched right into the driver's seat. He hits
text: the starter button, the thugs hear the sound, turn just in
text: time to see Castle bearing down on them with the
text: frontloader. Castle scoops them up and tosses them into the
text: dump truck. He smiles and waves at Berkowitz. A shot pings
text: next to his head. Berkowitz fires shooting an assailant who
text: has snuck up behind Castle. Castle jumps down.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Where's Moretti?
speaker_heading: BERKOWIT2
dialog: I don't know.
text: A noise across the way turns Castle. His P.O.V. Moretti,
text: with the suitcase, running into a maze of machinery.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Stay here.
text: Castle rushes off. He races through the maze of machinery,
text: trading shots with Moretti trying to cut him off from the
text: rear door. The two men duck and dodge, using the machinery
text: to their best advantage. Moretti circles around behind
text: Castle and hits a switch. A derrick drops its bucket just
text: above where Castle is standing. Castle jumps out of the way
text: not a moment too soon, losing his gun. The bucket hits the
text: floor missing him by inches as he springs back up. His
text: P.O.V. Moretti about to reach the door. Castile looks
text: around. He cannot reach Moretti in time and his gun is
text: lost. Thinking quickly he grabs a block and tackle and
text: swings it for all he is worth. It misses its mark but not
text: by much, hitting the suitcase which flies apart. White
text: powder rains on Moretti. He glares at Castle and runs
text: through the exit door. By the time Castle exits, the
text: streets are deserted. He stares up the streets, a hunter
text: thwarted; the rain running down his resolute face.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE's HOUSE
text: Berkowitz is dropping Castle off.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: So did we do good tonight or
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: We could have done better.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: We nailed thirty ki's of smack
dialog: and six wise guys. What more do
dialog: you want?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I want to nail the man.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Who, that sleeze bag Moretti?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
text: The other sleeze bag. His boss,
dialog: Franco.
text: The house door opens. A woman appears on the porch in a
text: robe, silhouetted by the light inside.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Shift change.
text: Castle goes to exit.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I'll see you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Yeah. Listen Frank you want to do
dialog: yourself a favor? Tomorrow's your
dialog: birthday. Give yourself a gift.
dialog: Cut yourself a little slack.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: Bullshit. Kiss the kids.
text: Berkowitz drives off. Castle mounts the steps to his wife
text: JULIE, who greets him with open arms and adoring eyes.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: How's my hero tonight?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Just okay?
text: She kisses Castle softly.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Well, better than okay.
text: She kisses him again, with full passion. Their eyes come
text: away sparkling with each other. Castle scoops Julie up in
text: his arms and enters the house. P.O.V. someone else. A
text: moment later the light goes off.
scene_heading: PULL BACK TO:
speaker_heading: The SOMEONE ELSE
text: Dapper Dino Moretti watches the house from behind the wheel
text: of his car. His anger etched in stone on his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE BEDROOM - MORNING
text: PAN a sun-dappled room. On one wall pictures and citations:
text: Castle as a karate black belt. Castle and Berkowitz
text: graduating from Police Academy, clowning, Julie standing
text: proudly between them. The Castle family, with Berkowitz at
text: Halloween, all in costume. Frank and Julie on their wedding
dialog: day. And the citations: Detective of the Year. Patrolman
dialog: of the Year.
text: PAN past the door as it opens a crack. Two gun barrels
text: appear. The unseen gunmen's P.9.V. As they enter the room,
text: Frank and Julie asleep in each other's arms. The P.O.V.
text: moves closer, closer until it is right on top of Castle.
text: Castle opens his eyes. They fill with terror.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: No! Please don't! No!
text: The sounds of shots ring out. Castle grabs his chest and
text: falls off the bed. Giggling erupts as the Castles’ two
text: daughters FELICE and ANNIE, six and four, flags saying Happy
text: Birthday, sticking out of the barrels of their toy guns,
text: jump on the bed and look over the side with Julie. Castle
text: ilies very still om the floor. The girls look at each other,
text: when suddenly Castle springs up.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Urrgh! Super-Cop.
text: He pounces on the girls, kissing them furiously amidst gales
text: of giggles.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Kissing the enemies of law and
dialog: order into submission.
text: He looks up at Julie.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
text: No one escapes his vengeful lips.
text: He grabs her, subjecting her to more of the same. The whole
text: family falls off the bed. A gleeful jumble of arms and legs
text: tangled in the bedding.
dialog: cUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' BEDROOM
text: Castle is tying the bow into the back of Annie's party
dialog: dress.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Daddy, what's divorce?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Where did you learn that word?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: From Katherine in school. Her
dialog: parents are getting it.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Divorce is when a mom and dad
dialog: don't live together anymore.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Lots of different reasons,
dialog: sweetheart.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Are you and mommy going to get
dialog: divorced?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Good.
text: She turns and hugs her father for all she's worth.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ (V.0.)
dialog: Hello.
text: Annie runs off.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Uncle Jake!
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Berkowitz is in the kitchen. Both kids pounce into his arms
text: and smother him with kisses.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: Did you bring them?
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Qur presents.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: It's not your birthdays. Why
dialog: should I bring you presents?
speaker_heading: FELICE
dialog: Because you love us.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Ah, the magic words.
text: He takes little watches out of his pocket. The kids squeal
text: with delight as Julie enters and kisses Berkowitz
text: affectionately.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Mommy, look.
text: The kids show off their watches.
speaker_heading: BERKOWIT2
dialog: That pie was the high point of
dialog: my night.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: That's not what I heard. The
text: rest is in the fridge.
text: Berkowitz makes a beeline for the refrigerator and digs into
text: the pie, at home. Castle enters wearing a sport jacket and
text: a fish tie.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Don't we look nice.
speaker_heading: FELICE
dialog: Do you like the tie?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: We bought it with our money.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: I love it. It's so him.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Your mother-in-law makes lasagne
dialog: dinner in your honor, the least
dialog: you can do is look nice. By the
dialog: way in case you forgot, we're
text: eating in an hour.
text: Berkowitz continues to gobble pie, ignoring him.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: I didn't forget. I'm warming up
dialog: for the main event.
text: The phone rings.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Hello.
text: Her smile dies a bit as she hands the phone to Castle.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: The Captain.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Yes Sir.
text: Castle's mouth tightens.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: We're on the way.
text: He hangs up and looks at Julie apologetically.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Franco's leaving the country in
dialog: an hour. The judge just issued
text: a subpoena.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: I'll go.
text: Julie looks at Castle reading his conflict correctly.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: The party.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: The party will wait. This won't.
dialog: You've been working on him two
dialog: years. It means something to you.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Not as much as you do.
text: He takes her in his arms and kisses her tenderly.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: I'll be in the car.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I'm coming. Meet you at your
dialog: mother's.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Good luck.
text: Castle runs out.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: Two cars are parked in the driveway side by side. A station
text: wagon and a Camero. Castle and Berkowitz hop into the
text: Camero. Castle inserts the key when he notices the front
text: tire of the station wagon is flat.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Come on, we'll take your car.
text: The two men exit and hurry towards Berkowitz's car at the
dialog: curb.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Jules.
speaker_heading: JULIE (0.S.)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
text: The station wagon has a flat,
dialog: take my car. The keys are in
dialog: the ignition.
speaker_heading: JULIE (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, thanks.
text: Berkowitz and Castle enter the car. Castle begins to remove
text: his fish tie.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Hey, what are you doing?
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Can you see Franco's face if I hand
text: him a subpoena in this.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yeah. Keep it on.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, you got a nice family.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I keep telling you. You should
dialog: have one.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: I already do. They just live
text: someplace else.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Oh yeah, where's that?
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Your house.
text: Castle smiles warmly and knots his tie up again. Berkowitz
text: puts the car in gear and drives off.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT
text: Two limos pull up to the entrance. Moretti and a half a
text: dozen henchmen exit from one, and form a protective squadron
text: around the other. Moretti opens the door and an ENGLISH
text: GOVERNESS steps out followed by five year old TOMMY, excited
text: to be at the airport.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Come on, Dad!
text: A moment passes, and then GIANNI FRANCO emerges; impeccable
text: tailoring, perfectly cut hair. A man exuding confidence.
dialog: Power. Control.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Was it taken care of?
text: Moretti nods, with a cruel smile.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Dad! The planes!
dialog: 12.
text: Franco smiles, takes his son's hand and allows himself to be
text: pulled into the terminal. The bodyguards follow him
dialog: closely.
speaker_heading: cuUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BERKOWITZ'S CAR
text: Stuck in traffic across two dividing islands and a walkway,
text: Berkowitz and Castle see Franco's entourage enter the
text: airport. Berkowitz hits his horn. Castle springs into
text: action, jumping out of the car.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Meet me in the front.
text: Castle dashes across the roadways, dodging traffic, hurdling
text: dividers, heading for the terminal.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLES’ HOUSE
text: Julie and the kids head for the Camero.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIRLINE TERMINAL
text: Franco strides down the corridor towards the gate talking to
dialog: Moretti.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: With that son-of-a-bitch out of
dialog: the way everything should run
dialog: smooth until I come back. You
dialog: keep it the way I set it up and
dialog: we got no problems, just profits.
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey Dad, look.
text: Franco stops and joins his son at a window. Their P.Oo.V.
text: A 747 lifting off.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Do you know how they make planes
dialog: fly dad?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: It has to do with the air.
text: He takes a model plane Tommy is holding and demonstrates.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
text: See as the engine pushes the plane
text: forward, the air gets underneath
text: and lifts the wings. When the
text: wings lift, the nose lifts then
text: the power from the back pushes
dialog: here and off we go.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You know everything, don't you,
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I wish.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: Hey boss, we ain't got time.
text: Franco scoops Tommy up and continues down the corridor.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I ever tell you about the first
dialog: time grandpa took me to Europe?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You mean when you throwed up on
dialog: him?
text: Franco smiles. The entourage hurries on.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL
text: Castle consults the flight board and runs down the corridor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE'S HOUSE
text: Julie seatbelts the kids in the rear of the Camero. She
text: buckles herself in and goes to turn the ignition.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. CAR
text: Berkowitz pulls up to the curb outside the terminal. His
text: radio crackles. He picks up the mike.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL
text: Castle runs through the metal detector which goes off. He
text: flashes his badge, sprinting down the hall. His P.O.v.
text: Franco saying goodbye to his men at the gate. Castle turns
text: on the speed, reaching Franco as he is about to enter the
text: airplane. Castile hurdles a barrier, ending up right in
text: front of Franco who looks at Moretti surprised.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Going somewhere, Gianni?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: It appears that way.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Not anymore.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: Hey, what do you want?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Are you a real policeman?
text: Castle looks down at Tommy eyeing the shield on his jacket.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Well where's your gun?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: This your boy?
text: Franco nods, Castle bends down.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: (conspiratorial)
dialog: I keep it hidden so I won't scare
dialog: people.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Oh. (beat) That's a good idea.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Is that your Nanny?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Uh-huh!
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Why don't you go over to her
dialog: while I talk to your dad.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Okay.
text: Tommy scampers over to the governess.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I did it for him. Not you.
text: He pulls a subpoena out of his pocket and stuffs it in
text: Franco's pocket.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: See you in court.
text: Moretti steps between them.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: What are you trying to pull?
text: Before Castle can react Berkowitz's voice turns hin.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Frank.
text: Berkowitz comes running up.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: You gotta come right away. There's
dialog: been an accident at home.
text: Castle is stunned. Caught unawares.
speaker_heading: BERKOWIT2
dialog: Come on, it's serious!
text: Castle turns, and then something strikes him. He turns
text: again, to Franco. The two men lock eyes. Castle runs off.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I thought you took care of it.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: I did. Personally.
text: Franco's mouth draws tight. He takes the subpoena out of
text: his pocket and throws it on the floor.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Deal with it.
text: Franco boards the plane with his son and governess.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE'S BLOCK
text: Berkowitz's car, with Castle at the wheel, comes racing down
text: the street, screeching to a halt in front of a growing
text: crowd. Castle and Berkowitz rush out.
text: Their P.O.V. through a crowd being held back by police.
text: Castle's Camero in flames. The flames licking perilously
text: close to the propane gas tanks on the side of the house.
dialog: vV.o.
dialog: Get back! It's going to hit
dialog: the gas tanks.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: No!
text: Sirens sound in the background. Castle rushes forward.
text: Berkowitz restrains him.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Frank, it's too late! There's
dialog: nothing you can do.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Let go.
text: Castle tries to pull away. Berkowitz holds on.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Frank, the tanks! The flames
dialog: are almost at the tanks!
text: People start running. Castle punches Berkowitz in the jaw.
text: He breaks free and rushes toward the burning car.
dialog: 17.
dialog: vV.o.
dialog: Watch out!
text: The flames reach the tanks. The entire screen explodes in a
text: massive fire ball.
text: The flames die. The screen goes black. Castle's voice
text: seared by anger and tremendous loss speaks from the
dialog: darkness.
speaker_heading: CASTLE (V.O.)
text: People say when a man begins to
dialog: talk to God he's either found his
dialog: way or lost his mind. I talk to
dialog: God all the time. I'm not looking
dialog: for the way and I don't care if
dialog: I've lost my mind. I just want to
dialog: know if what I am doing is right
dialog: or wrong but no matter how many
dialog: times I ask I get no answer. Does
dialog: that mean there is no God or just
dialog: no answer?
text: A low bass pulses on the soundtrack filling the screen.
text: SUPERIMPOSED. Five years later.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE
text: The courthouse doors fly open. Flash bulbs pop. T.V.
text: cameras roll as DAPPER DINO MORETTI, dressed to the nines,
text: flanked by his henchmen, sweeps out triumphantly.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: This is Larry Silvers at the
dialog: Courthouse where moments ago,
text: after deliberating for ten
dialog: weeks, a jury has declared Dino
dialog: Moretti, the Dapper Don, innocent
dialog: of all charges including the
dialog: murder of Detective Frank Castle
dialog: and his family nearly five years
dialog: ago. Mr. Moretti, how does it
dialog: feel to be finally acquitted?
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: Great! Just great.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: The government says it's going
dialog: to appeal. How do you feel about
dialog: that?
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: Let ‘em appeal, a hundred times.
dialog: I'll still win. This is America.
dialog: If you're innocent, justice prevails.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Are you worried about the Punisher?
text: Moretti's smile fades.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: Let me tell you something about the
dialog: Punisher, whoever he is. If he
dialog: ever shows up within one thousand
dialog: yards of me, he'll learn just what
dialog: the word punished really means.
dialog: Now, if you'll excuse me.
text: Moretti and his entourage pile into two limousines and pull
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: There you have it. The Dapper Don
dialog: allegedly head of the powerful
text: Franco crime family. Once again
dialog: shrugging off any fear of the
text: Punisher, despite the fact that
dialog: over 125 organized crime figures
dialog: have been murdered by the self-
dialog: styled vigilante in the last five
dialog: years. This is Larry Silvers for
dialog: Channel 2 News.
text: The mikes shut down. The crews pack hurriedly.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: PULL BACK:
text: As a caravan of media vehicles follows the limousine, to the
text: back of a figure sitting on a black chopper. His hair
text: slicked back, pulled in a severe polytail. He wears a black
text: leather jacket and black combat pants tucked into black
text: engineer boots.
scene_heading: PAN TO THE BOOTS
text: CLOSE UP a stylized skull made out of brass lays flush along
text: the foot. The boot comes up and kicks the bike to life.
text: The bike roars off after the media caravan.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. MORETTI'S HOUSE
text: Moretti enters to a big victory banner strung across the
text: luxurious foyer of his elegant home. There is a cake
text: decorated with a picture of Moretti in flamboyant icing,
text: kicking a figure of justice in the ass. The three body
text: guards, MIKEY, JOEY and DANNY, give Moretti a round of
dialog: applause.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: So enough with the applause.
dialog: Where's champagne?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'll get it.
text: Moretti stops him.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: You check the house. I'll get
dialog: the champagne. And let's get
text: some music going here.
text: He hits the switch on the wall. Music blasts throughout the
text: house. The bodyguards spread out.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INTERIOR ATTIC
text: A louvered window opens. Two black boots hit the floor.
text: CLOSE UP one boot, the stylized skull. A hand reaches up
text: and pulls the skull up. A thin blade comes out of an
text: invisible sheath built into the boot.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Mikey hears steps across the ceiling. He unholsters his gun
text: and opens the door. He takes one step. A leather-jacketed
text: arm swings down like a sledge bearing the skull dagger deep
text: in Mikey's chest. Mikes falls back into the room.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: ANOTHER BEDROOM
text: Joey hears sounds outside. He rushes into the hall, gun
text: drawn and looks around. He looks down from the landing over
text: the railing, seeing nothing, he turns back around as two
text: boots thud into his chest. He falls over the railing. His
text: screams drowned out by the music. Danny, another bodyguard,
text: comes running out of the den down below. He sees Joey's
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Jesus, Joey.
text: He bends over Joey. A nylon noose descends from the landing
text: and falls around Danny’s neck. Too late, the noose cuts
text: into his neck as he is yanked off the floor, his feet
text: kicking frantically in the air.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Moretti is topping off the last of the champagne glasses,
text: singing to the music. Moretti lifts the silver tray with
text: five glasses and exits the kitchen, pushing the door open
text: with his backside.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: Okay, party time.
text: He turns into the floyer and stops, mortified, the tray
text: erashing to the floor. His P.O.V. Joey dead on the floor,
text: Danny hanging by his neck ten feet above him. Moretti grabs
text: Joey's gun.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: Mikey! Tony!
text: There are no responses. Moretti stalks through the house,
text: his heart beating, sweat dappling his brow.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: Hey, quit fuckin' around.
text: Moretti moves down a hallway, opening doors, leading with
text: his gun. He hears a noise behind and turns ready to fire.
text: Nothing is there. Momentarily off guard, he turns, again
text: his eyes open wide at what he sees confronting him.
speaker_heading: MORETTI
dialog: You!
dialog: 21.
text: He raises the gun and fires.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO;
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: The news teams, loitering across the street, jump with the
text: shots. They spring into action, grabbing their cameras,
text: running for the house. They barely make the other side of
text: the street when the house explodes from within. The
text: reporters hit the deck. As the front door opens, they look
text: up. Their P.O.V. Smoke pours out the door. A moment
text: lapses and Moretti, his clothing in tatters, singed, his
text: eyes glazed with a far away stare walks out of the smoking
text: house. His gun hangs limply at his side.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS
dialog: Where are those cameras? Get
text: them rolling.
text: Moretti stands for a long moment and then keels over face
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
speaker_heading: HIS BACK
text: The skull dagger plunged to the hilt.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: The Punisher! It's the Punisher!
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Look!
text: P.O.V. all. Through the smoke and flames a spectral figure,
text: an apparition, stands staring out through the inferno.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: It's him! Get the goddamn
dialog: cameras going!
text: The flames leap higher. The figure disappears. A moment
text: later, the whole house blows up.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MORETTI HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The house is a smoldering ruins. Police cars and fire
text: engines illuminate the scene. The press is kept behind a
text: cordon. A car drives up. Berkowitz, a little worse for the
dialog: 22.
text: wear of the last five years, exits and heads for the house,
text: scouring the ground with his eyes for clues. The press,
text: seeing Berkowitz, break through the cordon and track with
text: him. He ignores them.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: Lieutenant, is it true you're
dialog: being pressured to step down as
dialog: head of the Punisher Task Force?
speaker_heading: BERKOWITS
dialog: No comment.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Lieutenant, do you have any leads?
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: No comment.
text: Cold, dry, noncooperative, Berkowitz goes to enter the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: Lieutenant, do you still stick to
dialog: your theory that the late Frank
text: Castle and the Punisher are the
dialog: same person?
text: Berkowitz turns.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Despite the fact that the official
dialog: police department's statement is
dialog: that Castle died with his family.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Don't you have anything better to
dialog: do at two o'clock in the morning,
dialog: Santana?
text: Berkowitz enters the house to Chief of Detectives O'Banion.
speaker_heading: O'BANION
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: That was smart. Very smart.
text: Berkowitz ignores the barb.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: To what do I owe the honor of
dialog: the visit?
dialog: 23.
text: The Chief hands Berkowitz the skull dagger. Berkowitz
text: peruses it, feeling its balance.
speaker_heading: O'BANION
dialog: I have a message from the mayor.
dialog: I quote. Frank Castle is dead.
dialog: No more talk about him being
dialog: otherwise. You toe the line or
dialog: you get the boot.
text: Berkowitz fixes O'Banion with a stare.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: And you'd go along with that?
speaker_heading: O'BANION
dialog: Jake, we can't let the public
dialog: think there's some psychotic
text: ex-cop running around wacking
dialog: out wise guys like he's got a
dialog: hunting license.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: O'BANION
dialog: Berkowitz. I'm tired. It's
dialog: late. You're warned.
dialog: { pause)
dialog: What the hell ever happened
dialog: to you?
text: With the wagging of his head, the Chief exits. Berkowitz
text: continues to look for clues.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S V.O.
dialog: Lieutenant Berkowitz?
text: Berkowitz turns to SAMANTHA LEARY, a young, bright detective
text: with something on her mind.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm detective Sam Leary.
text: She holds out her hand. Berkowitz ignores it.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Sam?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Samantha.
text: Berkowitz rolis his eyes.
dialog: Berkowitz goes
dialog: for his car.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: What can I do for you?
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'd like a shot at being your
dialog: partner.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: I don't work with a partner.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I know, but you used to.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Right. Used to. Past tense.
text: to exit. Sam follows doggedly as he heads
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Look, I'm not after a free
dialog: ride. I can pull my share of
dialog: the load.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: I'm sure you can.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No you're not. You're not even
dialog: listening to me.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: That's right, I'm not.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Because I worked with the best,
dialog: and anything else is a waste of
dialog: my fucking time. What do you
dialog: think, you're the first person
dialog: to apply for the job?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, but I'm the most qualified.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Based on what?
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I graduated first in my class at
dialog: the academy. I scored in the
dialog: top one percent of all officers
dialog: on the target. I made detective
dialog: first time up, second youngest
dialog: member of the force ever to...
text: Berkowitz cuts her off by getting in the car.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Your parents must be very proud,
dialog: but I haven't heard one reason
dialog: why I should consider taking you
dialog: on.
text: His hand goes to the ignition.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I believe Frank Castle is the
dialog: Punisher.
text: Berkowitz stops cold. He stares at Sam's unwavering eyes.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Be in my office, nine o'clock.
text: He starts the car and drives off.
text: TRACK with the car half way down the street to a manhole
text: cover, ZOOM in on the manhole cover.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER SYSTEM
text: TRACK along through the large drain pipes fed by smaller
text: ones. The pipe is large enough for a man to walk upright.
speaker_heading: CASTLE (V.0.)
dialog: Are you here in the darkness?
dialog: You must be. You're everywhere,
dialog: aren't you? Why don't you
dialog: answer me? It's years I'm asking
dialog: you why. Why are the innocent
dialog: dead and the guilty alive? Where
dialog: is justice? Where is punishment?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Or have you already answered?
dialog: Have you already said to the world
dialog: here is justice. Here is punishment.
dialog: 26.
text: The camera tracks down a large pipe. At the end, a candle
text: flickers through an open doorway. Track through the doorway
text: into a small spare room with a sleeping mat, some guns, a
text: small shop where skull daggers are made and a man with his
text: back to the camera, shirt off, sitting in lotus position.
text: The camera circles slowly to the front.
speaker_heading: CASTLE (V.0.)
dialog: Here in me.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP CASTLE'S FACE
text: Eyes closed, sweat beading his forehead matting his hair.
text: His eyes open. The depths of pain and anger revealed. A
text: pulsing bass builds on the soundtrack. Louder and louder
text: until the throbbing threatens to explode.
dialog: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT
text: Reporters are gathered around a terminal exit. At the curb
text: a black limo waits, the door held open by JIM TARRONE, 28,
text: the mafia gone Yuppie via Versace. Tarrone scowls at the
text: reporters. The terminal doors swing open and three burly
text: bodyguards, carrying luggage, exit, followed by Franco as
text: self-assured and strongly handsome as ever; and Tommy,
text: nearly twelve, beside him. The same self-assurance in his
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Mr. Franco, how does it feel to
dialog: be back home?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: It's 30 minutes since I've landed.
dialog: So far, so good.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Have you come back to take over?
text: Tarrone intercedes.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: Come on fellows, it was a long
dialog: flight. The man's tired. Let's
dialog: give him a break.
text: Tommy scrambles into the car. Franco is about to enter.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Aren't you afraid of the
dialog: Punisher?
text: Franco stops, turns and smiles.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Punisher? You know what they
dialog: think in Europe? You guys made
dialog: that up to sell papers. There's
dialog: no Punisher.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Then what's been killing your
dialog: associates for the last five
dialog: years?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Too much red meat in their diet
dialog: maybe. Thanks for coming.
text: Franco is about to enter the limo when a car backfires. He
text: crouches, on edge. His bodyguards go for their guns. The
text: action doesn't go unnoticed by the news crew. After a
text: moment, Franco straightens up and enters the limo. Tarrone
text: follows, slamming the door behind him.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIMO
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: Let's hit it.
text: The car pulls out.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey dad, I didn't know you were
dialog: so famous.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Neither did I. You remember your
dialog: cousin Jim, Uncle Dom's boy.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: I used to pull you around in that
dialog: wagon.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Oh yeah, hi.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: So how were those fancy European
dialog: schools we heard you were going
dialog: to?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Just all right! I got the next
dialog: Einstein here. Go sit in the
dialog: front. I want to talk to Jim
dialog: here.
text: Franco tussles Tommy's hair with real affection. Tommy
text: squirms through the partition into the front seat. Franco
text: raises the glass.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: So how bad is it?
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: How bad? If you didn't come
dialog: home, I would be head of the
dialog: family. Is that a joke or what?
dialog: The only consolation is all the
dialog: other families are in the same
dialog: boat because of this psycho.
dialog: I mean Freddie Deleo is a capo,
text: a thirty year old mongoloid
dialog: with a driver's license and
dialog: he's in charge of 200 guys.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: None of us know what we're doing.
dialog: We're not experienced enough to
dialog: run a family.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: There's not going to be any such
dialog: thing as families anymore, Jim.
dialog: It's old thinking, dead thinking.
dialog: The world's changed and we haven't.
dialog: But we're going to.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: What are we going to change into?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: A corporation. There'll be no
dialog: more territories, no more wars.
dialog: Each group will be responsible
dialog: for one area of work. These
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: A BLACK SCREEN
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: FRANCO (CONTINUED)
dialog: guys will do hijacking, those
dialog: guys loan sharking. No more
dialog: competition. Everyone will
dialog: have his place and shares.
dialog: We're all going to work together
dialog: for the good of the corporation.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: How are you goin’ to convince
dialog: anyone of this?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: With an act of good faith, so
dialog: generous, even Freddie Deleo
dialog: will see the light.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A week from now, I've arranged
dialog: for six hundred kilos of pure
dialog: junk to come in.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: Six hundred kis?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Five hundred million dollars
dialog: worth. And everyone gets to
dialog: share. Provided they work
dialog: together to make it happen.
text: One group on security, one on
dialog: transportation, one on receiving,
dialog: one on distribution and one on
dialog: collection. That shouldn't be
dialog: too hard.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: And what do we do about the
dialog: Punisher?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: One thing at a time, Jim. First
text: we consolidate, then we obliterate.
dialog: cuUT TO:
speaker_heading: CASTLE (V.0.)
dialog: What does it take to forget?
dialog: How much blood washes away pain?
dialog: Where does evil end and innocence
dialog: begin? Why can't I get an answer?
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: INT. BAR
text: A room full of hustlers. Tough guys in sharp clothes,
text: drinking and carousing. SHAKESPEARE, a down and outer,
text: whose shabby clothes and five day stubble border on
text: dereliction, is trying to cadge a drink. He approaches a
text: flashy thug and speaks in rhyme with a florid theatrically
dialog: English accent.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Excuse me, Kind sir, but I
dialog: can't help but see in you a
dialog: man far luckier than me.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: What ever you can spare would
dialog: be sufficient I think, to
dialog: Stand this thespian a very
text: stiff drink.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What the hell's a thespian?
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: (dignified)
dialog: An actor, sir.
text: Realizing this is a performance the man laughs.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Sure.
text: He goes to his pocket and hands Shake a dollar. Shake
text: removes his beat up hat and bows graciously.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Hey!
text: Shake rises startled.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: What I tell you about buggin’
dialog: the customers? Ritchie, throw
dialog: this trash out.
text: Before Shake can escape, a huge black bouncer grabs him by
text: the collar and the seat of his pants and rushes him toward
text: the door.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: You can't treat me like this,
dialog: it's a lousy, bad plan. I
dialog: demand some respect. I'm not
dialog: trash. I'm a man!
text: On that note, the bouncer flings Shake out the dear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Shake propelled out the bar door sprawls across the sidewalk
text: of a dark deserted street.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Maybe I should have tried
dialog: some Eugene O'Neill.
text: Shake sits up, he looks at the dollar bill ripped in half.
text: His spirits sink. He hears a sound. He turns right. His
text: P.O.V. A bottle of scotch atop a small remote control toy
text: dump truck, turns from the alley and heads toward him. The
text: bottle comes right up to him. The truck flashes its little
text: lights twice, turns and heads back towards the alley. Shake
text: can't believe his eyes. He follows on his hands and knees.
text: The truck turns the corner, Shake follows getting closer and
text: closer until the truck goes between two legs and stops.
text: Shake's P.O.V. A stylized brass skull sheathed in a black
text: boot. Shake looks up and gulps. He stands, smiling weakly
text: at Castle who looks at Shake menacingly. The truck's remote
text: control unit in his hand. Shake stands, obsequious.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Hi there. Nice weather we're
dialog: having for this time of year.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: You were supposed to meet me
dialog: four hours ago.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: (self-pitying)
dialog: I know, I know all about it.
dialog: Been hearing it all my life.
dialog: Shirks responsibility, can't
dialog: keep an appointment, a friend,
text: a job; disappoints everyone.
text: Castle steps within a hair's breath of Shake.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Almost everyone.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Right, just what I was about
dialog: to say. There are a select few...
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I don't have all night. Where's
dialog: the dope coming in to?
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: The dope, the dope. Oh that.
dialog: Pier Thirty.
text: Castle fixes Shake with a hard stare, hands him the bottle
text: of scotch from the dump truck, and turns around to mount his
text: chopper.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: But the location's not the
dialog: big story.
text: Castle turns.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Who'll be there is.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Who'll be there?
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Everyone. They're all working
dialog: together now. One big happy
text: family. Under the fatherly wing
dialog: of your old friend Gianni Franco.
text: Castle starts his chopper.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Mr. P.
text: He toasts Castle with the bottle of scotch.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Happy hunting.
text: Castle kicks the chopper into gear, zooming off as Shake
text: takes a long pull off the bottle.
dialog: curt TO:
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. HUDSON RIVER - NIGHT
text: A medium sized trawler is chugging slowly through the water
text: towards the light of the city. On its deck are several
text: Frenchmen in work clothes.
speaker_heading: FRENCH LEADER
dialog: Allez vite. L'heure s'approche.
dialog: cUT To:
scene_heading: EXT. PIER THIRTY - NIGHT
text: There are two vans and four cars on the pier along with
text: several members of the "new mafia". All under thirty, a bit
text: anxious about each other and the situation. Equipped with
text: the latest communication and surveillance gear, they are
text: trying to be professional. Bill fiddles with a hand held
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I can't get this friggan thing
dialog: to work.
text: Tim takes it out of his hand and pushes the power button.
text: He hands it back condescending.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Very difficult.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Fuck you!
text: Tim pushes Bill. Bill pulls a gun. Tarrone jumps in.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: Hey, hey. We got five hundred
dialog: million dollars out there
dialog: assholes! Cool out. Here.
text: He thrusts the radio at Bill.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: Check the perimeter. Get with
dialog: it.
text: Tarrone enters his car and drives off.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Hello Red One. Come in.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR
text: By the pier entrance, a young hood is reading the Wall
text: Street Journal. Bill's voice comes over his walkie-talkie.
text: The hood puts the paper down.
speaker_heading: HOOD
dialog: Yeah, what do you want?
speaker_heading: BILL'S V.0o.
dialog: Everything's okay?
text: The young hood gives a perfunctory look out the windshield.
text: Tarrone's car drives by and heads up the street.
speaker_heading: HOOD
dialog: Okay here.
text: He puts the radio down and picks the newspaper up. A
text: Samurai sword thrusts through the windshield, through the
text: paper and through the young hood, pinning him to his seat.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: A man pitches pennies with a view of the drive leading down
text: the pier. His radio crackles.
dialog: v.07
dialog: Red Two, Red Two. What's
dialog: doing?
dialog: Man
dialog: Nothing. It's dead here.
text: He puts down the radio and turns. A silencer fired bullet
text: smashes into his forehead. He falls, dead.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF TOP
text: Another man sits sighting the area below him with an
text: infrared~scoped rifle.
dialog: 34,
dialog: 35.
dialog: v.0.
dialog: Red Three, what have you
dialog: got?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I gotta pee.
dialog: V.O.
dialog: So pee.
text: The man puts down his rifle and walkie-talkie. He goes over
text: to the side of the building and starts to pee. On the wall
text: is a pin-up of a big breasted model. He smiles looking at
text: it. The breasts explode with two silencer bullets which rip
text: through his chest.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAWLER
text: The French are working when a search light from an
text: approaching boat hits them.
speaker_heading: vV.0O.
dialog: This is the U.S. Coast Guard.
dialog: Cut your engines. We are
text: coming along side.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Merde.
text: The Cutter comes along side the boat.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAWLER HULL
text: Three black clad figures, one tall, one broad and one smail,
text: silently come out of the water and begin to scale the hull
text: with suction cup devices on their hands and feet.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: TRAWLER DECK
text: The Cutter light shines in the French Captain's eyes.
text: Through his squint, he only sees the outline of the Cutter
dialog: crew.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CUTTER CAPTAIN
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: We have to pull into dock, our
dialog: hull is leaking. Here take a
dialog: look.
text: The Cutter Captain steps forward. He is Japanese.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Regardez-la.
text: He points to a spot above the water line. The Cutter
text: Captain looks down then up. The Frenchman smiles. The
text: Cutter Captain pulls out a pistol and shoots the smiling
text: Frenchman dead. The French crew is stunned, when three
text: thumps from behind startle them. Their startled P.O.V. The
text: three black garbed figures landing on the deck. The two
text: bigger ones spring into action, decimating the six crew men
text: with throwing stars, Okinawan hand sickles and their deadly
text: karate hands and feet. Their work is swift, brutal. They
dialog: are invincible.
text: ANGLE ON the wheel house. A Frenchman with a pistol
text: stealthily comes around the corner. He aims to fire when a
text: foot flies out and hits his wrist. His hand, pistol still
text: in it, is severed clean. His terrorized P.O.V. The
text: smallest figure in black slices with the other foot, kicking
text: him in the throat. When the foot comes away, a deep gash
text: spurts blood. The black figure takes a handkerchief out of
text: the man's pocket and wipes the side of the bloodied shoe
dialog: clean.
text: CLOSE UP a silver blade forms the side of the shoe. The
text: smallest black clad figure gives orders with hand signals to
text: the other two who, unmasked, are shown to be Japanese. On
text: cue, the Coast Guardsmen come out of the shadows, pouring
text: onto the French boat. They too are Japanese. They begin to
text: dress themselves in the hats and coats of the dead
text: Frenchmen, tossing the bodies overboard. At a signal from
text: the smallest, the three black clad figures disappear over
text: the side of the boat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, PIER THIRTY
text: The Italians are still standing there, waiting. Bill is
text: pacing angrily, nodding his head.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Fifteen minutes late, Jesus
dialog: Christ. Fucking faggot
dialog: Frenchmen.
text: The lights flash a short distance away as the French trawler
text: comes into view.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Here they come.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: All right. Come on you guys,
dialog: lock professional.
text: The mafiosi spread out into position around the pier ready
text: for danger as the trawler approaches the dock.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE ROOF
text: Castle comes across the roof in a crouch, an auto shotgun
text: slung over his back, a steel cross bow with a brace of black
text: arrows in his hand. A length of nylon cord hanging from his
text: belt. His P.O.V. on the pier. The trawler pulling to
text: dockside. The vans are backed up and open ready to be
text: loaded. All the Mafiosi face the trawler, their backs to
text: the warehouse. Castle loads an arrow in his cross bow and
text: hooks the nylon cord through a leop in the back. He raises
text: the bow and takes aim when something catches his eye. Three
text: black clad figures rise from the water onto the pier and
text: sneak up on the unsuspecting Mafiosi. Castle lowers his
text: cross bow and watches.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: EXT. PIER THIRTY
text: Bill steps up to the trawler, flanked by two other men.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You're fifteen minutes late
dialog: you poof. What's the big...
text: A knife hits him in the back, he spins around, stares
text: bug-eyed and falls at the startled feet of his companions
text: who pull their guns and turn to the three black figures.
text: Before they can fire, they are subdued. The tall black
text: figure neatly slices one man's head open with a sickle
dialog: 38.
text: attached to a long chain. The stout black figure throws
text: two, three-pronged sai which catch another Mafioso high and
text: low simultaneously. The third is dispatched by the smallest
text: figure, who with a flick of the wrist sends a stiletto-thin
text: blade through the man's throat. The Japanese on the boat
text: jump off and begin to unload crates of heroin into the vans.
text: ANGLE ON Castle. Watching. Perplexed. He hears the
text: faintest noise from behind and rolls to his right, swinging
text: his shotgun around as a spray of silencer bullets fired from
text: an uzi hits where his head had been. He lets go a blast,
text: wasting the Japanese assassin who had snuck up behind him.
text: ANGLE ON the Japanese loading on the pier. Looking up as
text: the blast sounds. An arrow whistles through the night and
text: pierces one of the Japanese with such force, it pins his
text: body to the side of the van. A nylon cord extends from the
text: arrow to the opposite warehouse. A figure comes sliding
text: down the cord. It's Castle. He scatters the Japanese, as
text: he rushes towards them, with a deadly spray of uzi fire.
text: Castle hits the ground right in front of the pierced
text: Japanese. He yanks the body off the van.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Let's stick together.
text: He uses the body as a shield. Not a moment too soon. The
text: Japanese recover and start to fire their weapons, riddling
text: their dead companion's body. Castle opens the van door,
text: yanks the parking brake, and pushes the van towards the end
text: of the dock. As it goes over into the water, Castle sprints
text: for the safety of the wharf building. The Japanese charge.
text: Castle blasts two, three dead.
text: ANGLE ON the three black clad figures. The smallest
text: hand-signals to the other two. They split up, disappearing
text: into the shadows.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: CASTLE BEHIND A PILLAR
text: Reloading his shotgun, he looks up. The tallest black
text: figure springs out and throws his sickle and chain. Castle
text: raises his shotgun and catches the sickle's deadly blade.
text: He twists down blowing the chain apart and blasts again at
text: this attacker. The black figure dives into the shadows.
text: Castle hears an engine start up. His P.O.V. The second
text: van, loaded with heroin, is leaving the pier. Castle runs
text: at an angle trying to cut it off, blasting two more would-be
text: assassins to early graves who get in his way. Out of
text: nowhere a sai is thrown, hitting Castle's shotgun out of his
text: hands. The stout, black figure charges with two sai raised.
dialog: 39.
text: Castle ducks behind a pillar as a sai aimed for his head
text: hits. He ducks behind a second pillar as another crashes
text: into it. He grabs a block and tackle with a rotting netting
text: and swings it, entangling his assailant. The van is almost
text: past him. Castle scoops up his shotgun, slipping it over
text: his shoulder. He sprints, bullets grazing left and right.
text: He is on a collision course for the van. He whips a knife
text: out of his boot and leaps.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
scene_heading: INT. VAN
text: Castle's fist crashes through the window. His knife imbeds
text: in the driver's chest.
text: ANGLE ON Castle hanging on through the window, steering as
text: best he can. The van veers towards the end of the pier. A
text: moment before it plunges into the brine, Castle jumps off.
text: He somersaults and comes up running, shotgun blasting away.
text: Another three Japanese assassins fall. Castle's P.O.V. in
text: slow motion. The smallest black figure steps out some ten
text: yards in front of him. Castle raises the shotgun to fire.
text: The black figure is faster. A flick of the wrist sends a
text: deadly stiletto slamming into Castle's shoulder. The
text: shotgun flies up shooting skywards. Castle falls back
text: clutching his shoulder and plunges into the dark water
text: below. Four Japanese with uzis rake the water with lead.
text: When they finish, the three black clad figures step forward
text: and peer into the still water below. Nothing surfaces,
text: neither body nor bubbles. After a moment, all the Japanese
text: leave except the smallest black figure, who still masked,
text: peers into the water a moment longer.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. PIER
text: A van is pulled out of the water and onto the pier where the
text: other van already salvaged, its heroin unloaded, is
text: surrounded by dozens of cops. Berkowitz stands on the dock.
text: The van is lowered in front of him. Sam comes up with a
dialog: pad.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Six hundred kilos of dope.
dialog: Seven dead wise guys, all
dialog: from different families. Looks
text: like a drug deal gone bad.
text: Berkowitz opens the van door. Water and the dead Japanese
text: driver spill out.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Look again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (startled)
dialog: I don't get it.
text: Something catches Berkowitz's eye in the van. He pulls out
text: the skull-topped dagger.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Neither do I.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER PASSAGE
text: Castle staggers through a drain pipe. The dagger stili
text: embedded in his shoulder. He falls into the fetid water,
text: gets up slowly and staggers on.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE'S ROOM
text: A broad-bladed Bowie knife heats to white hot in a fire.
text: Castle sits, his shirt off, his body drenched in sweat. The
text: stiletto still in his shoulder, blood running down his arm.
text: He steels himself, grabs the hilt of the stiletto and pulls.
text: His body shivers as the long blade comes cut. The wound
text: bleeds profusely. Castle lifts the white-hot Bowie knife,
text: regards its pulsing glow for a moment then lays it quite
text: deliberately on the wound. He screams with the pain.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: THE SEWER PASSAGE
text: Echoing with his scream.
dialog: curt To:
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK TOWER - DAY
text: PAN from the top of the sheer glass, black skyscraper to the
text: ground floor where a long black limo waits. The doors to
text: the building open. Sato and Tomio, the tall and stout black
text: clad figures, unmasked now, clad in the height of Japanese
text: New Wave fashion with haircuts to match, exit and secure the
dialog: 41.
text: short distance from door to car. A moment later, LADY
text: TANAKA, a striking looking Japanese woman in her late
text: forties dressed in a conservative white business suit exits
text: accompanied by a slightly built American woman in her early
text: twenties, dressed in hot, tight black leather. The two
text: women get into the rear of the limo, the two men into the
text: front. The car drives off.
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: A slide of Lady Tanaka, flashing on a screen in a dark room.
speaker_heading: FRANCO (V.0.)
text: Hideko Tanaka. She is single,
text: in her late forties. She has
dialog: one daughter, a mute American
dialog: girl she adopted at birth who
text: never leaves her side. She is
dialog: a graduate of Harvard Business
dialog: School and the first female
dialog: ever to head the Yakuza.
speaker_heading: DELEO (V.0.)
dialog: Yaku what?
text: The lights go on. Five young men and Franco are in his
text: study. Tarrone, Deleo, Laconne, Musso and Bellini.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Yakuza. The Japanese Mafia.
speaker_heading: LACONNE
dialog: This is a long fuckin' way
dialog: from Japan.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Yes it is.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: Well, what the hell are they
dialog: doing here?
text: There is a knock on the door.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I don't know, but I think we're
text: about to find out.
text: The door opens. Franco stands as Tanaka and her three
text: cohorts enter. Franco bows slightly, graciously.
dialog: Tanaka returns
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Lady Tanaka.
text: the bow.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Mr. Franco it is an honor.
dialog: Your reputation precedes you.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: As does yours. Please, sit down.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: No thank you. What I have to say
dialog: will be brief. We have been
dialog: tracking your organizations for
dialog: quite some time. Your leadership
dialog: has been decimated. Your soldiers
dialog: are inexperienced. Our little
dialog: demonstration on Pier Thirty is
dialog: ample proof of that. You are
text: weak, Mr. Franco. Vulnerable.
dialog: We are not. We can cripple all
dialog: your operations, legal as well as
dialog: illegal, very easily but we don't
dialog: want that.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: With all due respect, Miss Tanaka,
dialog: let's cut through the bullshit and
dialog: get to the heart of the matter.
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: A partnership.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Define the term.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: You will continue to manage and
dialog: oversee all your business on a
dialog: day to day basis. We will assume
dialog: the duties of executive administration,
dialog: investment and financial services.
text: All the Mafiosi rise to protest at once.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I'm not through.
text: The young Mafiosi quiet down.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: What do you propose as a split?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Seventy-five percent for us,
dialog: twenty-five percent for you.
text: Deleo jumps up, a big bull with brutish manners.
speaker_heading: DELEO
dialog: No fuckin' way am I gonna be a
dialog: salary boy to some bunch of
dialog: nips. Got that. I don't know
dialog: about the rest of you, but the
dialog: Deleo family gives up shit. We
dialog: don't work for nobody. Who the
dialog: fuck do you think you are?
text: Deleo towers over Tanaka. He stabs his finger in her face
text: as he talks. She listens calmly and then grabs his bear-paw
text: of a hand and twists. Deleo falls to his knees grimacing in
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: We are Yakuza. When your ancestors
text: were still shepherds screwing sheep,
dialog: ours were the crime lords of Asia.
text: She looks up to Franco still holding onto Deleo's hand.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: I am not offering terms, Mr. Franco,
dialog: I am making demands.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: And what if we choose not to comply?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Steps are now being taken to ensure
dialog: that you will. You Americans have
dialog: a great capacity for violence.
text: She looks down at the still grimacing Deleo.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: But it is wild, unfocused. You
dialog: will learn.
text: Her eyes glint cold. She squeezes hard, breaking Deleo's
text: wrist. He screams and drops to the floor in agony.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Good day, gentlemen.
dialog: 44.
text: Tanaka heads for the door.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: You left one thing out of the
dialog: equation, Madame.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
text: There's a psycho running around,
dialog: knocking all our people off. By
dialog: taking over you're right in the
text: line of fire.
text: CLOSE UP a small black dot on the underside of a door above
text: Franco's head.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE'S ROOM
text: Castle recouperating, his shoulder bandaged, listens to a
dialog: small speaker.
speaker_heading: TANAKA (V.O.)
dialog: You mean the one they call the
dialog: Punisher?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He has been put in his proper
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
speaker_heading: FRANCO'S ROOM
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: And where's that?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
text: At the bottom of the harbor.
text: Tanaka exits.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Only thing we can.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: We go to war.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE'S ROOM
text: Castle greeting the news with a self-satisfied look. He
text: lays back on his bed and closes his eyes.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN SCHOOL - DAY
text: Ginny, a pretty young girl of twelve is walking out of the
text: building, surrounded by several of her friends. They are
text: swapping lipsticks and laughing with each other.
speaker_heading: GINNY
dialog: I get the red. I hate the
dialog: other stuff.
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND
text: The red is gross, Ginny.
text: Suddenly the two girls are pushed aside. An arm wraps
text: itself around Ginny. Two Japanese men drag her into a car
text: waiting right at the corner, while her girlfriends scream,
text: and drives away.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. PLAYROOM
text: Two little girls, five year old twins, are sitting on a bed
text: being entertained by their nanny who carries a large teddy
text: bear in front of her.
speaker_heading: NANNY
dialog: Hi girls. It's Mister Teddy.
dialog: Would you like to ask me a
dialog: question?
text: The sound of a silenced bullet shoots through the window,
text: through the teddy and into the nanny. Blood comes out of
text: the teddy. The two girls scream, horrified, as two shadows
text: fall over them. They look up wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL HOUSE ~ DAY
text: Tommy Franco comes out of the building, his books under his
text: arm. Ahead of him in front of the school a black limousine
text: is waiting. He walks up to it and looks in. Tommy knocks
text: on the front window.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey Roger?
text: There is no response so Tommy opens the back door himself.
text: The driver's side opens. Two hands reach out and pull him
text: inside the car. The chauffeur, his throat slit, is dumped
text: out. The limo takes off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LONG HALLWAY
text: Tommy blindfolded, his mouth taped, is hustled down a long
text: hallway by two Yakuza to a metal door guarded by another
text: Japanese. The door is opened. The tape is ripped from his
text: mouth, the blindfold from his eyes. Tommy is thrown into a
text: dimly lit room. His eyes adjust to the new light. His
text: P.O.V. Fifteen children of all ages from thirteen on down,
text: some weeping, all scared.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. MEETING ROOM
text: The five young Mafiosi drawn with anger and worry and a
text: brooding Franco sit in a smoke-filled room. Deleo jumps up
text: banging the table.
speaker_heading: DELEO
dialog: Enough of this fucking brain
dialog: storming. I say we snatch
dialog: her daughter, take her to the
text: meeting with this.
text: He waves his gun around.
speaker_heading: DELEO
text: In her mouth. And then we talk.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Freddie, before you go off snatching
dialog: anybody, let me tell you a little
dialog: story about our Miss Tanaka. The
dialog: only person she was ever close to
dialog: was her twin brother. They grew
text: up in an orphanage in Tokyo after
dialog: the war. They were inseparable,
dialog: lived together their whole lives.
dialog: One day he stuck the Yakuza for
dialog: a lot of money, which he had no
dialog: intention of paying back. Nothing
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: FRANCO (CONTINUED)
dialog: happened to him because of her.
dialog: Then other people started getting
dialog: the same idea. Before she was
dialog: allowed to become head of the
dialog: organization, the other leaders
dialog: demanded an act of absolute
dialog: loyalty. So you know what she
dialog: did? She went home, cooked her
dialog: brother a beautiful meal. Waited
dialog: until he finished. And then slit
text: his throat.
text: Everyone is silent. Franco rises.
speaker_heading: LACONNE .
dialog: So what are you saying, we don't
dialog: deal with her?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I'm saying we can't deal with
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MUSSO
dialog: No, what you're saying is
dialog: there's nothing that can save
dialog: our kids.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
text: There is. But it's lying on the
text: bottom of the harbor.
speaker_heading: DELEO
dialog: Well I'm going to the meeting.
text: The other four men say the same thing.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I'm not.
text: He exits.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: A BLACK SCREEN
speaker_heading: CASTLE (V.0O.)
text: A soldier goes off to war with
dialog: the idea that one day he goes
dialog: back home. But what about the
dialog: soldier who has no home to go
dialog: back to? Just the memories of
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CASTLE (CONTINUED)
dialog: one. Does he stop fighting
dialog: when the war ends or the memories
dialog: end?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: Shake descends into the sewer. He reaches the bottom and
text: lights a match.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Hello. Hello. Come out, come
dialog: out wherever you are.
text: The match goes out. Shake lights another. A rat scurries
text: across his foot. He yelps, dropping the match plunging
text: himself into darkness.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
text: Bubble, bubble, toil and trouble,
dialog: I'd better get out of here on
dialog: the double.
text: He lights another match, jumping back. Castle stands in
text: front of him, his mouth drawn in a tight line. Shake
text: screams, startled. Castle hits a switch on the wall. Dim
text: maintenance lights come one.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: You know with your flair for
dialog: entrances you should consider
dialog: a career in theater.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I'll put it on my list of things
dialog: to do. What are you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: What would I be doing tramping
dialog: around the sewers of this great
dialog: metropolis?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
text: Sightseeing.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Very funny. I bring you news,
dialog: you give me grief. You know
dialog: they all think you're dead.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Then let's not do anything to
dialog: change their minds. Turn off
dialog: the lights when you leave.
text: Castle turns and walks towards his motorcycle parked in the
text: shadows.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: But, there's more.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Not for me. They'll kill each
dialog: other now.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: And what will you do while the
dialog: carnage ensues?
text: Castle mounts his bike.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Maybe take a vacation.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Yes, I hear the sewers of Paris
dialog: are lovely this time of year.
text: Castle hits the starter on his bike.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: And what about the children?
text: Castle stops abruptly at the mention of the word.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: What children?
speaker_heading: SHAKE
text: The children of the new bosses,
text: snatched out of thin air by
dialog: the Japanese. If their fathers
dialog: don't make a deal, the world
dialog: will not see their like again.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Why are you telling me this?
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Because you punish the guilty,
dialog: not the innocent.
text: Castle reaches into his saddle bag and pulls out a bottle of
text: liquor and hands it to Shake. Shake refuses.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: This one's on the house.
text: Castle recognizes Shake's altruism and drives off.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK TOWER
text: Sato and Tomio enter the building carrying a suitcase.
dialog: curt To:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Sato and Tomio, carrying a suitcase, and several other
text: passengers watch the elevator go up. 38, 39, 40. The last
text: floor. Everyone gets out except for Sato and Tomie. The
text: doors close. Sato takes out a key and inserts it into a
text: slot. The elevator starts up again to an unnumbered floor.
text: The elevator stops and the doors slide open to a large,
dialog: traditional Japanese Martial Arts School, where dozens of
text: Yakuza soldiers are training. They all stop on cue as Sato
text: and Tomio exit and bow in unison. Sato and Tomio bow back
text: and then stride through the hall and out. The Yakuza return
dialog: to their practice.
dialog: cut To:
speaker_heading: SATO AND TOMIO
text: Striding through a museum room of antique Japanese weapons
text: and suits of armor and down a shogi screened hallway. From
text: the door at the end of the hall comes the strains of a full
text: orchestra playing Beethoven, the piano solo begins played to
text: perfection. Sato and Tomio enter the room to Tanaka seated
text: at a concert piano. The orchestra is a tape played through
text: gigantic speakers. Tanaka's daughter turns the page of the
text: score. Tanaka finishes with a grand flourish. Tomion puts
text: the suitcase on the piano. Off to the side a stock ticker
text: tape hums away.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: What's this?
text: Tomio snaps open the suitcase.
speaker_heading: TOMIO
dialog: The money for the children.
dialog: Hasan agreed on your price.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Sl.
speaker_heading: TOMIO (CONTINUED)
dialog: Two hundred fifty thousand
dialog: dollars per child and an
dialog: additional bonus of one
dialog: hundred thousand for each
dialog: girl over twelve. We will
dialog: net 2.25 million dollars
dialog: from the sale.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Have we heard from their
dialog: fathers?
speaker_heading: SATO
dialog: They have agreed to meet with
dialog: us. You were right. They
dialog: let sentiment get in the way
dialog: of business.
text: Tanaka closes the suitcase and pats it.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Luckily we do not.
text: Tomio removes the suitcase from the piano. He and Sato
text: kneel facing the piano. Tanaka nods to her daughter who
text: pushes the tape deck button. The concert begins. Tanaka
text: takes the piano solo grandly.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: The mafia kids are huddled in the dim light, scared. Tommy
text: tries to break the wooden boards covering the windows. He
text: succeeds only to find metal shutters behind them. A little
text: girl begins to cry. Tommy comforts her.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, don't cry. We're going
dialog: to be okay.
text: He gives her a candy from his pocket.
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: We're not going to be okay.
dialog: It's ’cause of my father I'm
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That's not true.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: So why are we here, Mr. Know
dialog: It All?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I do. We're being held for
dialog: ransom 'cause our fathers are
text: rich gangsters.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Then why am I here? My father's
dialog: not a gangster.
speaker_heading: BOY #2
dialog: What are you kidding? Your
dialog: father's the biggest gangster
dialog: and a coward. My dad said if
dialog: he didn't run away from his
dialog: responsibilities, there wouldn't
dialog: be this mess.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Bull shit!
speaker_heading: BOY #1
dialog: You're bull shit.
text: Tommy jumps him. They start to fight. The door opens. Two
text: Yakuza break them up and hold them apart.
speaker_heading: YAKUZA
dialog: No fight.
text: Tommy struggles.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Let go! Get off!
speaker_heading: YAKUZA
dialog: Quiet:
text: A third Yakuza slaps Tommy across the face. Tommy stops
text: struggling. A moment later, Tanaka appears at the door
text: followed by her daughter. Everyone falls silent. A little
text: girl starts to cry. Lady Tanaka bends down smiling and with
text: a tissue handed to her by her daughter, wipes the child's
text: tears. Tanaka picks the girl up in her arms.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Why are you fighting? Everything
dialog: is going to be all right.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: I want to go home.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: And you will.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: When?
text: Tanaka caresses the child’s face. She walks over to Tommy
text: and stares at him.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Very scon. Here.
text: She gives the little girl a candy to suck on.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: No more tears now.
text: She kisses the little girl on her cheek, puts her down and
text: exits. Some of the kids are buoyant.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: We're going home. We're
dialog: going home.
text: Tommy sifts around through some rubble. He picks up a short
text: dowel, takes a piece of splintered wood and starts tying it
text: to the end of the pole making a short spear.
speaker_heading: BOY #2
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You believe her?
text: The other boys watch Tommy for a moment and then start
text: foraging for weapon material.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DEN OF INIQUITY
text: The room is smokey and full of the devil's work. In the
text: center are gaming tables surrounded by frenzied players.
text: Along the walls are dozens of slot machines. In two dark,
text: cave-like rooms, people smoke opium, prepped by ancient
text: Chinese men. In other side rooms, prostitutes do business.
text: In a cashier's booth two Japanese take care of the cash.
text: Four Japanese brutes walk the floor as bouncers. All at
text: once the skylight shatters. A rope descends. Castle comes
dialog: 54.
text: flying down onto one of the crap tables. He has a large
text: weapon on his back with a thick cylinder attached. The two
text: bouncers move to grab him. One grabs for his foot. Castle
text: kicks his lights out. The other bouncer draws a gun.
text: Castle's knife is faster. The man falls. Castle lifts a
text: third bouncer to his face after wacking him with a sack
dialog: kick.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Where are the children?
text: The bouncer just stares at him.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Every day the children are
dialog: gone is gonna cost you. Take
dialog: that message to your people.
text: Castle removes the gun from his shoulder and begins to pump
text: explosive shells into the slot machines one after another.
text: People start running and screaming. Slot machine after slot
text: machine explodes, sending coins in the air. A Japanese
text: tries to run from the cashier's booth with a suitcase.
text: Castle pumps his shell into the suitcase. Cash flies
text: everywhere. Castle shoots the gaming tables. Chips go
text: flying. He shoots the bar. Liquor bottles burst. He
text: shoots the water pipes. Water sprays on everything. Castle
text: keeps pumping shell after shell after shell.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: THE AFTERMATH
text: The entire room reduced to soggy debris. Police are wading
text: through the destruction looking for clues. Suspects are
text: being led out. The two Japanese bouncers are being held
text: handcuffed. Berkowitz and Sam come down the stairs looking
text: around at the destruction. Berkowitz eyes the glum
dialog: Japanese.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Who are these happy campers?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I don't know, I can't get
text: a word out of them.
text: Sam looks at them.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Take your shirt off.
text: The man looks at her surprised.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I said, take your shirt off.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Sam, what the hell you doin'?
text: Sam grabs the man, without warning, by his shirt front and
text: yanks hard. His clothes pull away. Everyone's P.O.V. His
text: whole body is covered with tattoos.
speaker_heading: CoP
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They're Japanese Yakuza.
speaker_heading: BERKOWIT2
dialog: Whe did this?
text: He is about to get aggressive with the Japanese when his
text: beeper goes off.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'll get it.
text: Sam hustles for the door.
speaker_heading: CoP
dialog: Lieutenant?
text: Berkowitz walks over. The cop points to the floor. His
text: P.O.V. in a puddle of water and his own blood, the third
text: bouncer. With Castle's skull knife sticking out of his
text: chest. Sam comes running over.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're not going to believe
dialog: this.
text: His eyes lead hers to the corpse and the knife.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Try me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The kids of all the new family
text: heads have been snatched.
dialog: They've named the Punisher as
text: the prime suspect in the case.
text: Berkowitz starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: They're wrong.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It makes sense.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: It.does, but they're still
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You got a reason for saying
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Two.
text: He pulls out his wallet and takes a picture out and shows it
dialog: to Sam.
text: CLOSE UP Castle's little girls in Easter dresses.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: CLOSE UP THE SAME PICTURE
text: Tattered around the edges.
text: PULL BACK to Castle in a dark alley sitting in front of his
text: bike, the headlight illuminating the picture. Castle looks
text: up from the picture, troubled, alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LUMBER YARD ~ NIGHT
text: Castle and Shake pull up across the street on Castle's
text: chopper. Castle has his auto shotgun slung over his back
text: and a .09mm pistol stuck in his waistband.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: You're sure this is the
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: I'd stake my reputation on
dialog: it. If I had one.
text: Castle dismounts and checks his shotgun and the pistol.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Got a spare?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: If they're holding the kids,
dialog: it's with an arsenal. You
dialog: move left instead of right,
dialog: you're dead.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: The critics said the same thing
dialog: about my Hamlet.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Stay here. I wouldn't want to
dialog: get a ticket.
text: He looks up at a No Parking sign and pats Shake's shoulder.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: You've done your fair share.
text: Castle disappears into the shadows. Shake looks around a
text: little nervous. To calm himself and pass the time, he takes
text: out a pair of bifocals and a tattered copy of Backstage and
text: begins reading the classifieds. A black-gloved pair of arms
text: grabs Shake from behind and yanks him into the shadows.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: INT. LUMBER YARD
text: Castle stalks through the lumber yard, cautious in the eerie
text: Silence. His senses keen and alert. A slight noise from
text: behind spins him, shotgun at the ready. There is nothing.
text: All of a sudden a brace of lumber from above him comes
text: sliding off a second story shelf. Castle dives up a small
text: aisle. The boards hit the aisle supports, breaking them.
text: More lumber starts to fall.
text: Castle rolls and runs, losing his shotgun, staying only a
text: few inches ahead of the avalanche of wood. Bullets begin to
text: Spatter all around him and hell breaks loose. Castle turns
text: the corner. Two Yakuza jump out with automatic guns.
text: Castle hits a board sticking out of the pile, it swings back
text: into the Yakuza knocking them over. Castle pulls a pistol
text: out of his belt and pops up another aisle. Shots drive him
text: back. He spins and fires up. A body falls from above.
text: Castle runs. A Yakuza jumps him from behind. He flips the
text: man over and smashes his chest with an elbow crushing his
text: sternum. As Castle is about to head for the exit another
text: blazing gun blocks his way. He sprints up another aisle.
dialog: 58.
text: As he turns the corner, a hand grabs his arm. He is flung
text: into a sheaf of boards. Tomio kiais loudly and attacks with
text: a large punch. Castle ducks. The punch smashes through the
text: beam behind him, cracking it with awesome force. Tomio
text: charges again. Castle blocks his punch and is cracked with
text: a backhand so strong it sends him spinning. Tomio jumps up
text: and goes to stop Castle. Castle rolls out of the way at the
text: last moment, grabs a 2x4 and rises to face Tomio.
text: His P.0O.V. To the left a board holding back a stock of
text: 2x4's. Tomio charges. Castle swings knocking the board
text: away. The 2x4's fall on Tomio, burying him. Castle runs
text: for the exit and almost makes it, but Sato jumps out and
text: fires an uzi across his path. Castle takes off running
text: through the stacks of lumber, drawing fire from all sides.
text: He swings onto a hoist and takes off sailing over the fence
text: landing outside the yard. He slams the door as the Yakuza
text: charge, firing, and bolts it with a thick board.
text: He runs for his motorcycle across the street. Shake is
text: nowhere to be found. The Yakuza across the way pound on the
text: door. Castle mounts his chopper and takes off.
text: CLOSE UP a hand swings a chain with a grappling hook. The
text: hook flies through the air and lands in Castle's spokes.
text: The bike upends. Castle flies off into a bunch of empty
text: wooden crates. When he rises, the smallest black clad
text: figure is walking towards him, masked but for the eyes.
text: Castle's hand imperceptively grabs a wooden dowel. Waiting,
text: feigning incapacity until the black clad figure is almost
text: upon him. He springs, swinging with the dowel. The Yakuza
text: grabs his arm and flips him over effortlessly. Castle rolls
text: out. The Yakuza attacks. Castle barely gets out of the
text: way. He grabs the Yakuza by the shoulder and goes to flip
text: him around but a wheel kick spins before he can, catching
text: him in the jaw. Stunned, another wheel kick drives him to
text: his knees. Castle attempts to get up. He is kicked again
text: and again. The other Yakuza come bursting out of the
text: warehouse. Castle's vision blurs as the Yakuza come running
dialog: up.
text: His assailant spins again, kicking him in the head. He
text: falls to his knees. His P.0O.V. before he fades to
text: blackness. The Yakuza removes the mask. It is Tanaka's
text: daughter. A final wheel kick sends Castle spinning into
dialog: darkness.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: Castle's vision clears. His P.O.V. as the haze lifts. He
text: is strapped to a rack-like device with bright lights
dialog: 59.
text: overhead and darkness beyond. Sato, Tomio and Tanaka's
text: daughter look down at him. A moment later Tanaka comes into
text: view holding a remote control device in her hand.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: That was a very expensive
dialog: question you asked in our
dialog: place the other night. It
dialog: cost us nearly two million
dialog: dollars in cash. How much
dialog: pain do you think that buys
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Is the question true or false
dialog: or multiple choice?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Neither.
text: She hits a button on the remote control device. The rack
text: creaks back, stretching Castle's every body fiber to the
text: breaking point. She releases the button, the machine
text: relaxes. Castle goes limp, panting with the pain.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Who sent you?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Nobody.
text: Tanaka hits the switch again. Castle screams in pain.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Do you get the impression
dialog: I don't believe you?
text: Castle looks her in the eye hard.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Do you think I give a shit?
text: She presses the button again for an even longer time.
text: Castle seems about to come apart at every seam. She takes
text: her finger off the button.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: You handle your own pain very
dialog: well. Let's see how well you
dialog: handle the pain of others.
text: Sato forces Castle's head to the side. Castle's P.O.V. A
text: light goes on ten feet away. Shake is tied to a similar
text: rack. Tanaka hits the remote control. Shake screams with
text: pain. Castle flinches. Tanaka observes.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: He has nothing to do with it.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Then who does?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I already told you.
text: Tanaka sighs. A very sadistic looking man, ITO, steps
text: forward. Tanaka hands him the remote control device.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: I have an appointment. You'll
dialog: be in good hands with Mr. Ito.
dialog: He can keep you alive much
dialog: - longer than you'll want to be.
dialog: I hope it won't come to that.
dialog: Good bye.
text: Tanaka exits with her escort, leaving Ito and two other
text: Yakuza in attendance. Ito addresses Castle in Japanese.
text: Then hits the switch on Shake. The old man is pulled beyond
text: endurance. Blood begins to trickle from his mouth. The
text: Yakuza go over and examine him with a stethoscope. They
text: laugh. Ito stretches him again, slapping him awake.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
speaker_heading: CASTLE'S WRISTS
text: As he works them back and forth against the rope that binds
text: his hands to the rack. His blood starts to flow,
text: lubricating the bonds. After a tortuous effort, Castle
text: Slides mostly out of the rope.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Okay. Okay. No more.
text: The Yakuza turn around. The power is turned off Shake who
text: slumps unconscious.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Come here!
text: Ito addresses the other Japanese. The two of them stand on
text: either side of Castle, their jackets off, their shoulder
text: holsters in the open.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: I got somethin' to say.
dialog: él.
text: Castle pretends to be close to expiration. The two Yakuza
text: bend forward.
dialog: Ito
dialog: What you have to say?
text: Castle whips his hands out from the bindings and pulls the
text: two pistols cut of the shoulder holsters of the two startled
text: Yakuza. He crosses his hands left over right.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Sayonara!
text: He pulls the triggers and blows both Yakuza away. Ito goes
text: for his gun. Castle shoots him in the arm with one gun and
text: shoots the rope binding his feet with the other. Castle
text: hops off the rack and hoists Ito onto it, tying him down.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I don't want to stretch this
dialog: out so why don't you tell me
dialog: where the children are?
text: Ito curses him in Japanese, getting a little nervous about
text: the rack. Castle picks up the remote control. [Ito eyes it
text: nervously, steeling himself. Castle pauses and then hits a
text: button. Ito screams. Castle's face goes hard.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I know you understand me. You
dialog: don't tell me where the children
dialog: are, I hit this button so hard
dialog: they'll find you in pieces like
text: chickens at the supermarket.
text: Ite spits at Castle.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Have it your way.
text: Castle holds his finger on the button so long that Ito's
text: muscles start coming away from his bones. His flesh starts
dialog: to rend.
speaker_heading: ITO
dialog: Avenue A! Avenue A!
text: Castle releases the button. He goes over to Shake and takes
text: the old man off the rack, examining him. Shake regains
dialog: consciousness.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Go. Take care of the children.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: First things first.
text: He lifts Shake and starts to exit. He looks back at Ito.
text: His eyes harden. He hits the button on the remote and
text: tosses it into the room, closing the door on Ito's hellish
text: screams.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LASTRADA RESTAURANT
text: The young bosses are all seated around a back booth. Franco
text: is conspicuously absent. Deleo has a cast on his hand.
text: There are a dozen people in the restaurant having dinner.
text: Off to the side, the bodyguards frisk all the waiters and
text: the kitchen help.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: You know, maybe Franco was
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: MUSSO
dialog: Hey, we're totally covered.
dialog: It's a public place. We got
text: fire power up the wazoo.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: I know. I know. I just don't
dialog: like it.
speaker_heading: DELEO
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Hey! You want your kid back,
dialog: or what?
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: What kind of stupid question
dialog: is that?
speaker_heading: DELEO
dialog: You know what your big problem
dialog: is, Jimmy? You got no fuckin’
dialog: balls.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: And you got no fuckin' brains.
speaker_heading: DELEO
dialog: Hey, let me tell you somethin'
dialog: about brains...
dialog: 63.
text: Deleo never gets to finish the sentence. The maitre d'
text: comes cover with a bottle of champagne and chilled glasses.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Mr. Deleo? Your guest called
dialog: and said she would be a few
dialog: minutes late. She sent the
text: champagne with her compliments.
text: The bosses look at each other suspiciously.
speaker_heading: DELEO
dialog: You first.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Beg your pardon.
text: Laconne grabs a glass off of the adjoining table. He pours
dialog: some champagne.
speaker_heading: LACONNE
dialog: Drink it.
text: The maitre d' looks at the bosses like they're a little
text: crazy. He shrugs and drinks.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Delicious. It's our best
dialog: bottle.
text: The bosses watch. Nothing happens.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: Okay. Pour it.
text: A glass is put down in front of each boss. The champagne is
dialog: poured.
speaker_heading: DELEO
dialog: You know when we get the kids
dialog: back, I'm going to rip her
dialog: fuckin' heart out with my
dialog: bare hands. I swear. None
dialog: for me. I'm on medication.
text: He refuses his champagne. The glass stays empty.
speaker_heading: MUSSO
dialog: Hey, salud! Here's to the
dialog: safe return of our children.
text: The men clink their glasses and drink. At that moment,
text: Tanaka and her daughter walk in.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: LACONNE
dialog: Here we go.
text: The men stand up.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: So, Mr. Franco decided not to
dialog: attend. A smart decision.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: At that moment all the patrons in the restaurant rise and
text: pull out silenced, automatic weapons and drill the
text: bodyguards dead. Then they turn their guns on the bosses.
speaker_heading: DELEO
dialog: You fuckin' bitch!
text: Deleo pulls out his gun. Awkward, left handed. Tanaka's
text: daughter whips her wrists forward. Two knives seem to fly
text: out of her sleeves, pinning Deleo's arms to the wall behind
text: him. He screams in agony. The other bosses freeze. Tanaka
text: does not move.
speaker_heading: TARRONE
dialog: Come on. What are you waitin'
dialog: for? You gonna kill us? Do it.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: I already have.
text: The pain catches the bosses all at once. Their lungs
text: freeze. Tarrone looks at Tanaka uncomprehendingly.
speaker_heading: LACONNE
dialog: The champagne!
text: Tanaka smiles and picks up Deleo's empty glass. She runs
text: her finger around the inside rim.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
text: The glasses.
text: The bosses die horribly right before our eyes. She fills
text: Deleo's champagne glass and approaches him as he moans
text: crucified to the wall.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Thirsty, Mr. Delea?
text: She raises the poison glass. Deleo raises his head and
text: spits in her face. Tanaka's expression does not change.
text: She puts the glass down and calmly wipes her face.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Since you have refused the
dialog: drink, please accept the
dialog: chaser.
text: She lifts his pistol off the table, jams the barrel in his
text: mouth and pulls the trigger. His brains decorate the wall.
text: Tanaka drops the pistol and exits followed by her daughter
text: and all the other patrons.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE'S ROOM
text: Castle gently tucks Shake into his bed after having bandaged
text: him. He grabs a small sawed-off shotgun and a pistol and
dialog: exits.
dialog: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: The last stop. One old drunk is asleep in the back.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Okay pops, last stop.
text: The drunk does not move. The driver goes back and shakes
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hey pops.
text: The drunk waves him away.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Okay. See you in fifteen
dialog: minutes.
text: The driver exits and heads for a coffee shop across the
text: street. He is about to enter the coffee shop when the bus
text: takes off.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hey! Hey!
text: The driver watches the bus moving away, picking up speed.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. BUS
text: The bus is moving very fast. The drunk wakes up as it
text: whizzes past the stop.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Hey! That's my stop!
text: The bus does not slow down.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
speaker_heading: HEY!
text: The drunk wobbles to the front of the bus.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: I said...
text: His P.O.V. Castle, his guns in evidence, black camouflage
text: paint striped on his face. The drunk's eyes go wide.
text: Castle hits the brake, gives the stunned drunk a transfer
text: and nods for him to get off. The drunk does. He stands in
text: the street watching the bus disappear into the misty night.
dialog: cUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: A gray van with smoke black windows rises over a dip in the
text: road. A second and then a third van appear behind it. The
text: soundtrack pulses ominously.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AVENUE A
text: A dingy, deserted row of crumbling tenements. Half the
text: street lamps are out along the block. A black car with
text: black windows pulls up to one building. Sato exits and
text: enters a tenement.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: Tommy listens at the door. When he hears footsteps, he
text: draws back and picks up his homemade weapon. He has
dialog: organized the other kids. All the older ones have
text: make-shift weapons as well. The younger cones hug the back
dialog: wall.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Remember the plan.
text: The door starts to open.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Now!
text: As the two men enter, Tommy lunges at one with his spear,
text: pinning the man through the chest. The children overwhelm
text: the second guard with their weapons. All the kids charge
text: out of the room, Tommy leading. He now has a gun. A Yakuza
text: in the hall stands to confront them. Tommy blows them away.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: This way! Watch the
dialog: little ones.
text: The kids run down the stairs. Sato, at the bottom, looks
text: up. Tommy fires three shots at him. Sato ducks back.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Come on, let's go!
text: The kids run down the stairs, Tommy covering them with the
text: gun. They are three quarters of the way down when Sato
text: jumps at Tommy, a bullet grazing his arm. He grabs Tommy
text: and flings him against the wall. The other guards spring
text: into action, jumping on all the kids. Tommy sees a spare
text: gun lying by a chair. In the confusion he grabs it and
text: fires it in the air. Everyone stops and turns. He points
text: the automatic weapon at the Yakuza.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Okay, let them go! I said,
dialog: let them go!
text: In an instant, Sato whips out a knife and grabs a little
text: girl. The knife goes to her throat.
speaker_heading: SATO
dialog: Put down gun.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Let her go!
speaker_heading: SATO
dialog: I give you three. One,
dialog: two.
text: Tommy drops the gun. Sato drops the child and backhands
text: Tommy across the room. Sato barks orders in Japanese. The
text: children are all gathered and herded back upstairs. Sato
dialog: 68.
text: grabs Tommy and drags him upstairs. The kids are put back
text: in the room. Tommy is thrown into a small closet. The door
text: is locked.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: CLOSE UP the vans moving inexorably forward, fill the
text: screen; the soundtrack pulsing.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. BUS
text: Castle maneuvers the bus down the desolate streets, sticking
text: to the alleyways.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING
text: Sato looks up and down the street. A caravan of headlights
text: appears at the far end.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: EXT. REAR ALLEY
text: The bus pulls up and stops. Castle swings up onto the roof
text: of the bus and surveys the metal-shuttered windows of the
text: building he is hard up against. He grabs onto a fire escape
text: and swings up towards them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: The kids are all huddled together under the watchful eye of
text: two armed Yakuza.
speaker_heading: cUuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: The gray vans pull up. Their drivers, rough looking Middle
text: Eastern types, exit and shake hands with Sato. The sides of
text: the vans open to reveal manacles riveted to the walls and
dialog: 69.
text: floor below the blank benches. Sato talks into a
text: walkie-talkie.
dialog: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: One of the Yakuza gets Sato's call on his hand set.
speaker_heading: YAKUZA
dialog: Outi Out!
text: The kids are forced out of the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF BUILDING
text: On the fire escape, Castle listens through a metal shutter.
text: He sets two miniature charges into the shutter's lock and
text: blows them. He pulls open the grate and steps cautiously
text: into the room. He draws his knife from his boot.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY
text: The kids are lined up in the hallway. One Yakuza in front
text: of them, one behind, waiting for the second call. The door
text: opens suddenly, knocking the first man senseless. Before
text: the second Yakuza can draw his gun, Castle's knife is buried
text: in his chest. The kids regard Castle fearfully. His eyes
text: soften, looking at them.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I'm here to take you home.
text: The kids hesitate, then one little girl steps forward and
text: takes Castle's hand. The touch of her hand brings back a
text: flood of memories and he smiles.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: come on.
text: He leads them back into the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING
text: Sato, growing impatient, calls into his hand set. He gets
text: no answer. He heads into the building.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM
text: The kids almost all filed out through the window.
speaker_heading: BOY
text: They locked Tommy in a closet.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BOY
text: Out in the hall.
text: Castle runs out into the hall and begins opening the
text: different doors with increasing urgency.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING
text: Sato comes bursting in. He orders two of the Yakuza to
text: follow him up the stairs.
dialog: cut To:
speaker_heading: CASTLE
text: Opening door after door in a long hallway until he comes to
text: one that is locked. He takes his knife and bangs the lock
text: open. Tommy falls out. He squints. His eyes adjust to the
text: light. Tommy looks into Castle's eyes. There is something
text: that looks familiar. The same holds true for Castle.
text: Castle hears footsteps on the stairs. He grabs Tommy's hand
text: and starts to run back toward the room.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
speaker_heading: SATO
text: Hearing the noise, he sprints ahead of his escort taking the
text: stairs three at a time and sees Castle and Tommy run into
text: the room. Sato jumps inte the room. Castle with Tommy half
dialog: 71.
text: out the window, throws his knife. Sato ducks. The knife
text: slams the door shut revealing one of the little children
text: behind it, scared, sucking her thumb. Sato's eyes go to the
text: child. He leaps. Castle leaps at Sato catching him broad
text: side. They fight furiously. Tommy grabs the little girl
text: and passes her down just as Castle is about to be stabbed by
text: Sato. Tommy turns, makes a decision and jumps hitting
text: Sato's arm deflecting the knife. Castle rolls out but
text: before he can save Tommy, the other Yakuza burst in and fire
text: their weapons, driving Castle out the window. He jumps down
text: the fire escape hitting the bus roof and swinging inside
text: just as fire starts raking the roof.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Get down!
text: Bullets pepper the roof as Castle takes off.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING
text: Sato comes running out shouting orders to the drivers of the
text: three gray vans. A dozen Yakuza pile in the vans and take
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUS
text: Castle barrels the bus down the narrow back alleys.
text: Slamming anything that gets in his way; garbage cans,
text: debris. His P.O.V. between buildings on the street running
text: parallel to the alley. The gray vans in hot pursuit.
text: Castle sees the end of the alley. A gray van suddenly skids
text: in front, blocking his way. Yakuza jump out and start
text: firing their automatic weapons. Castle hits the
text: accelerator. His windshield shatters. The Yakuza jump out
text: of the way. One goes through the open windshield as Castle
text: blows into the van and turns left onto the street proper.
text: The kids scream as the Yakuza runs toward Castle, a gun in
text: his hand. Castle turns a corner sharply as the man reaches
text: him leveling his weapon. He opens the door and with one
text: foot kicks the man out. He turns back to the road.
text: His P.O.V. through the rear view mirror. Two vans in hot
text: pursuit. The rear windows are shattered by gunfire. Castle
text: turns onto another street. It is larger with oncoming
text: traffic. Cars fly onto the curb hitting posts, running into
text: buildings. One of the vans pulls up alongside the bus.
dialog: 72.
text: Through the side mirror, Castle's P.O.V. A Yakuza has
text: jumped from the van grabbing the side of the bus. Castle
text: swerves trying to knock him off but the man hangs on, trying
text: to climb up through a window. Two girls jump up and sink
text: their teeth into his hands. The Yakuza falls off screaming.
text: The van pulls abreast of Castle. A Yakuza, in the driver's
text: side, points his weapon. Castle hits his brake. The van
text: shoots past, the shots missed. Now the van is in front of
text: the bus. Castle hits the accelerator and bangs into the
dialog: van.
text: ANGLE ON the van's driver growing nervous as he loses
text: control of the wheel. Gunmen inside try to open the rear
text: door but the bus has them blocked closed. Castile pushes the
text: van hard off the street, and into a building. The van
text: explodes.
text: Castle spots the third van, coming at him from. the right.
text: He turns the wheel sharply onto an even wider boulevard.
text: The gray van tries to pull alongside. Sato appears with an
text: automatic weapon at the open door. Castle turns the bus
text: just as the gun fires. Police sirens start to sound in the
text: background. The gray van comes alongside again. Sato sets
text: to jump through the open bus doors. Castle looks at Sato as
text: he is about to jump then Sato looks forward. He sees
text: something which makes him change his mind. The van turns
text: off sharply onto a side street.
text: Castle turns his head forward. His P.O.V. Two dozen police
text: ears, their lights flashing, block the street. Cops are all
text: around, guns pointed. Castle hits the brakes.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Hold on!
text: The bus goes plowing into the police cars. A fire hydrant
text: bursts. Street lamps topple. Cops scramble fer safety.
text: The bus finally comes to a stop. The cops surround the bus,
text: guns pointed at the entrance. For a long moment nothing
text: happens. Then the bus doors open. A child appears, then
text: another and another until all the children are out. The
text: cops keep their guns trained on the door. A moment later,
text: Castle appears with a little girl in his arms. He looks at
text: the wall of guns and stunned faces. He lowers the little
text: girl to the ground and slowly raises his hands in the air.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CORRIDOR
text: Triple security is in effect. Armed guards with bullet
text: proof vests line the corridor. Footsteps sound, followed by
dialog: 73.
text: the clanking of one steel door after another. Berkowitz
text: appears before the last steel door. It opens. He is
text: accompanied by two heavily armed guards. They stop before a
text: metal cell door guarded by two more armed men. Berkowitz
text: nods. The door is opened. The two guards prepare to enter
text: with Berkowitz. He waves them off, steels himself and
text: enters.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. CELL
text: The door closes. Castle manacled from head to toe sits with
text: his back to the door. Emotion plays heavily across
text: Berkowitz's face. He composes himself and walks in front of
dialog: Castle.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: (warm)
dialog: Hello, Frank.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Hello, Jake.
text: There's no emotion in Castle's voice.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: How you been?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
text: Keeping busy.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: I know. I'm in charge of the
dialog: body count.
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: What the hell happened, Frank?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I woke up one morning and I
dialog: found myself dead, Jake.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: And so you decided everyone
dialog: else had to be too?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Only the guilty ones.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Courts decide who's guilty, not
dialog: cops. I've been after you five
dialog: years. You know that?
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I know that.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Then why didn't you come to me
dialog: for help?
speaker_heading: CASTLE ~
dialog: I didn't need help.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: You don't realize it. You do.
dialog: You're sick, Frank.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: No I'm not.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: No! What the hell do you call
dialog: a hundred twenty-five murders
dialog: in five years?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Work in progress.
text: Berkowitz loses his temper and grabs Castle by the shirt
text: pulling his face to within inches.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: They were my family too Frank,
dialog: remember? This is no fuckin’
dialog: joke. They're going to
dialog: electrocute you and there's
dialog: nothing I can do about it if
dialog: you don't help me, goddamn it!
dialog: Now stop it!
text: In his frustration, he shakes Castle. Castile looks at him
text: with dead eyes. Berkowitz realizes the futility of his
dialog: plea.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: What the fuck am I doing. You
dialog: wanna die? Die! I don't give
dialog: a fuck. My friend died five
dialog: years ago anyway.
text: Berkowitz bangs on the metal door. It opens. He turns once
text: more to Castle's back. Castle does not move. With a sigh
text: of great sadness, Berkowitz exits.
dialog: 75.
text: CLOSE UP Castle's face. Stoned except for one small tear
text: forming in the corner of his eye.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: FRANK CASTLE'S FACE
text: Warped by billowing heat as he moves through a column of
text: burning flames. In super-slow motion he moves forward. His
text: little girls are in the back seat, screaming, pounding at
text: the window of a car. Castle reaches back and punches the
text: glass, shattering the window. He reaches into the car for
text: the girls. His hands filling the frame. Castle pulls the
text: girls to his chest only they are no longer in the burning
text: wreck but in a bright, sun dappled, grassy field. He spins
text: them around and around laughing happily as Julie watches,
text: sitting on the grass nearby. Castle puts the little girls
text: down. Their mother beckons to them and they go running into
text: her arms.
text: CLOSE UP on Julie as she smiles at her husband. Castle
text: smiles back and starts to walk towards her when suddenly a
text: wall of flames shoots up in front of his family and then
text: another, then ancther, until they are completely obscured by
text: the fire. Castle screams at the top of his lungs.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: No!
text: There is a tremendous, blinding explosion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CELL
text: Castle jerks up from his cot, his body soaked with sweat.
text: His chest rises and falls like a marathon runner's. He is
text: shaken to his very soul.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: CLOSE UP: A T.V. SCREEN
text: The interior of the jail. A score of armed guards surround
text: a prison van waiting for Castle.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
text: In a few moments, Frank Castle,
text: the ex-police officer who has
dialog: waged a one-man war against
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONTINUED)
dialog: organized crime for the past
dialog: five years, will be escorted
dialog: to court to face an unprecedented
dialog: one hundred twenty-five first
dialog: degree murder charges.
text: The door from the jail opens. The guards shift to high
text: alert. Castle emerges, heavily manacled and walks the
text: twenty steps to the van. Before entering, he stops to look
text: around. Not finding who he's looking for, Castle enters the
text: van. The doors are slammed shut and locked. The garage
text: door opens. The van, with an escort of two police cars,
text: pulls out.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
text: And so begins the leng road to
dialog: justice for the man who has
dialog: redefined the term.
text: The T.V. is shut off.
text: ANGLE ON Franco sitting in his son's room. His face drawn
text: from lack of sleep. The T.V. remote in his hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VAN
text: Castle, chained to the bench, stares at Sam sitting opposite
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Where's Berkowitz?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hurting. What happened
dialog: between you when he came
dialog: to see you?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: What do you care?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I care.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm his partner.
text: Castle registers surprise.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You surprised he had a partner?
dialog: Or he had me?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Both.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I was in the academy when the
dialog: two of you were making headlines.
dialog: Everyone needs a star to set
dialog: their course by. I chose you.
dialog: I studied every case you ever
dialog: made. Every bust and used what
dialog: I learned to make myself as
dialog: good as you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He's been carrying the burden
text: for a long time by himself.
dialog: He needed help. You weren't
dialog: there. I was the next best
dialog: thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now I'm the only thing. He
dialog: resigned from the force after
dialog: he saw you.
text: Castle turns his face away.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You know you're killing him.
dialog: He lived for the day he found
dialog: you so he could help you.
dialog: That's all he had and now
dialog: you're taking that away.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can understand punishing
dialog: those you hate, but not those
dialog: you love.
text: Castle's jaw tightens uncharacteristically. He avoids Sam's
dialog: gaze.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: The escort car, following the van, is broadsided suddenly
text: from a side street.
dialog: 77.
dialog: 78,
scene_heading: INT. VAN
text: The driver and guard in the front of the van turn at the
text: noise behind them. When they turn back to the windshield, a
text: truck has pulled out in front of them, seemingly out of
text: nowhere. They hit head on and both go through the
text: windshield.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VAN
text: Sam is thrown against the wall and knocked unconscious.
text: Castle rattled around but chained down looks around
text: confused. The van doors are blown off. Three masked men
text: with guns appear. Sam gets up feebly going for her gun.
text: One man wacks her with his pistol. She goes out again. A
text: fourth man steps forward and points a pistol straight at
text: Castle's heart.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Nighty, night asshole!
text: He fires a dart into Castle's chest. Castle's vision blurs.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: Castle's vision clears. His ?.0.V. Franco stands in front
text: of him in a dark, empty room underneath a single glaring
text: light. In the shadows beyond, Castle can make out the
text: outlines of armed men. He focuses on Franco.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Surprised?
text: Castle says nothing.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Okay, I'll do the talking.
dialog: Five years ago I left this
dialog: country with a six year old
dialog: boy. You met him at the
dialog: airport. I never wanted him
dialog: to know what I was or what I
dialog: did. I sent him to the best
dialog: private schools in Europe,
dialog: got him the best tutors. He
dialog: speaks three languages besides
text: English now. He skis like a
dialog: pro, jumps horses like a
dialog: goddamn cavalry officer and
dialog: writes short stories so
dialog: beautiful they'd break your
dialog: heart.
text: Franco's voice
dialog: 79.
text: catches. He holds up a picture of Tommy.
text: Castle is stunned.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: TOMMY JUMPING AND DEFLECTING SATO'S KNIFE.
dialog: Castle takes a
text: Franco leans forward and unlocks Castle's manacles.
dialog: chains fall to
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I want him back. I can't do
dialog: it myself or I would. I
dialog: need you Castle. I need you
dialog: to help me get my son back.
dialog: I'll do anything you want,
dialog: give you anything you want,
dialog: just help me get my boy back.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Why don't you just pay the
dialog: ransom?
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I offered. Double.
dialog: he's not for sale,
dialog: price.
dialog: They said
dialog: at any
text: long moment.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: All right. But just so it's
dialog: straight, I do this for him,
dialog: not for you. For you I have
dialog: ether plans.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I'm sure you do.
dialog: The
text: the ground. Franco turns and walks off into
text: the darkness leaving Castle alone, unchained beneath the
text: glaring light.
scene_heading: INT. BAR
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Berkowitz is sitting at the
text: drink. A game show program
text: the bar is interrupted by a
dialog: abduction. Berkowitz looks
dialog: whom the affair has not yet
text: bar lost in his thoughts and a
text: blaring on the television above
dialog: news bulletin of Frank Castle's
text: up from his drink, a lover for
text: ended. He rushes out.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: White spray paint being applied to black Kevlar body armor.
text: PULL BACK to Castle spray painting a stylized skull across
text: the body armor. PULL BACK AGAIN to reveal an arsenal of a
text: room stockpiled with enough fire power to fight a war. Two
text: of Franco's bodyguards watch bemused from the corner. The
text: door opens. Franco in a Kevlar vest enters. He looks at
text: Castle, then at his bodyguards. One bodyguard taps his head |
text: smirking at Castle. Franco nods in agreement. He
text: approaches Castle, his face and voice mirrors of sincerity.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: I just wanted you to know
dialog: that no matter what happens,
dialog: from the bottom of my heart,
dialog: I thank you.
text: Castle keeps painting as if Franco weren't there. Franco
text: goes to exit. He addresses a bodyguard.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: (low)
dialog: If he survives, I don't care
dialog: what it takes, how much money.
dialog: How many men. Find him. Kill
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TANAKA'S PRIVATE ROOM
text: Tanaka and her daughter dressed in traditional Japanese
dialog: kimono are doing Ikebana, the art of traditional flower
text: arranging. The shogi screen slides open and Tommy is
text: brought in by Sato and Tomio. Tanaka smiles warmly.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Ah, Tommy. I just wanted
dialog: to say good bye to you before
dialog: you left. .
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: I'm going home?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: To your new home.
text: Tanaka pushes a button on a remote control. A large black
text: glass descends covering a whole wall. She pushes another
dialog: 81.
text: button. The black glass is backlit turning into a map of
text: the world with red lights dotting large parts of Asia and a
dialog: few coastal areas of the Western Hemisphere.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: This is our empire.
text: She hits another button. Green lights dot throughout the
dialog: U.S. and Canada.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Soon this will be too and we
dialog: will need someone to run it.
dialog: Someone who feels like them
dialog: but thinks like us. I have
dialog: chosen that someone to be
dialog: you. You will be sent to
dialog: Japan, where your mind will
text: be trained, shaped, molded
dialog: until here.
text: She taps her head.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: We will be the same. You
dialog: will have more riches than
dialog: your father ever dreamed
dialog: of. More power than he ever
dialog: knew existed. You will be
dialog: the first American Yakuza
text: overlord.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What do you think of that
dialog: for a future?
text: Tommy regards her for a moment. Then picks one of the
text: Ikebana vases and hurls it through the entire glass wail.
text: The map shatters. Tanaka's composure does not. She nods to
text: Sato who grabs Tommy and leads him away.
dialog: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: Franco, Castile and Shake huddle over blueprints. Shake
text: moves in too close to Franco who looks at him askance with
text: distance. Shake smiles at him mischievously and moves a
text: step closer. Franco and Castle are armed to the teeth with
text: uzis and pistols.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: They're right above us, forty
text: one stories up. The elevator
dialog: stops at forty. We'll need a
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: FRANCO (CONTINUED)
dialog: key to get it to forty-one which
dialog: a guard has in the lobby. We
dialog: can get there through this vent.
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: After you.
text: Franco climbs up rungs leading into a tube going into the
text: building. Castle pulls an explosive device from his pocket
text: and slaps it onto a thick electrical power box whose wires
text: run up into the building. He takes two beepers out, hands
text: one to Shake and clips one on his belt.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
text: When the first signal light
text: goes on, throw the first
dialog: switch. Second signal light,
dialog: the second switch. Signal
dialog: check.
text: Castle presses the beeper on his belt. . The red light on
text: Shake's beeper flashes.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Wait for my signal.
text: Castle goes to climb up the rungs.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: sir?
text: He holds out his hand. Castle regards him for a moment and
text: takes his hand and shakes it.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Just in case. It's been an
dialog: honer to know you.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Likewise.
text: Castle hands Shake a pistol and one of his skull-topped
dialog: daggers.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Just in case.
text: Castle disappears. Shake sits down placing the gun and
text: dagger on one side and the beeper on the other. He takes
text: out a pair of bifocals, a tattered copy of Backstage out of
text: his pocket and turns to the classifieds.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. VENT
text: Castle and Franco peer out a vent opening at two Yakuza
text: guarding the elevators in the empty lobby. Franco takes out
text: his pistol, screws on a silencer and goes to take aim
text: through the vent. Castle stops him. He removes a skull
text: dagger from his boot sheath and undoes the four screws on
text: the vent then he taps on the vent until the noise catches
text: the Yakuza's attention.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
text: One Yakuza guard comes over to the vent to investigate.
text: Castle holds his dagger poised. The Yakuza peers into the
text: vent. Castle thrusts the dagger into his throat.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Now!
text: Castle thrusts forward pushing the vent and the Yakuza out
text: of the way. The other Yakuza, caught by surprise, does not
text: even get a chance to raise his gun. Franco drills a bullet
text: through his heart before he can fire. Castle and Franco
text: jump out and head for the elevator. Franco takes a set of
text: keys off the dead Yakuza. Castle replaces the dagger in his
text: boot. The elevator doors open. Franco enters holding the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: come on!
text: Castle stoops and activates another plastic explosive charge
text: on a pillar by the elevator bank. He runs into the
text: elevator. The doors close.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: Shake reading his paper locks down at his beeper. His
text: P.O.V. a large rat is making its way towards the beeper.
text: Shake goes to swat it with his newspaper. The rat scurries
text: away. The beeper tips and falls through a narrow space in
text: the floor. Shake groans and tries to reach the beeper
text: straining his fingers. It is just a bit out of reach.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Castle and Franco reach forty. The elevator stops. Franco
text: begins inserting key after key into the control panel
text: looking for the right one. Castle checks his weapons.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Can I ask you a question?
dialog: What's the reason behind
dialog: you killing all those guys?
dialog: I mean, there's a limit to
dialog: revenge.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I guess I haven't reached
dialog: mine yet.
text: Franco finds the right key. The elevator begins to move.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: Shake strains to reach the remote control when a huge rat
text: attacks his hand. He screams in pain withdrawing his
text: bloodied fingers.
dialog: curt To:
scene_heading: INT, ELEVATOR
text: The elevator stops. Castle and Franco unstrap their silence
text: equipped uzis.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Wait.
text: Castle hits the first switch on his remote.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: Shake sees the first light go on. He forces his hand back
text: in. The rat attacks again.
dialog: curt To:
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Castle looks at his remote. He presses the button again.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: We gotta do it.
text: Castle forgets the beeper and points his uzi at the door.
text: Franco pushes the button. Both men tense in readiness. The
text: door opens. They jump out.
dialog: Their P.O.V. Twenty Yakuza divided into two lines
text: practicing Iaido, the art of the sword. Each man has a live
text: blade in front of him. In a blink of an eye the Yakuza
text: seize their swords and charge. Castle and Franco spray the
text: hall with silenced uzi fire. The Yakuza go down like cut
text: wheat. As the two men jump out of the elevator, their guns
text: spitting death, one Yakuza lunges from the side. Castle
text: drills him, grabs his sword and sends it through another
text: charging Yakuza. In a moment all the Yakuza are dead.
text: Franco looks at two doors one on either side of the room.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Which way?
text: A door on the left opens and two Yakuza appear, startled by
text: the carnage. They sound the alarm drawing their guns.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Not that one.
text: He fires off a burst dropping the two Yakuza. Castle and
text: Franco exit on the run through the opposite door. More
text: Yakuza appear and charge after them. Castle and Franco run
text: down the hall, Yakuza bullets coming closer. A shogi screen
text: door opens, a Yakuza charges out. Franco drops him with a
text: shot to the head.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: The rat takes another bit of Shake's hand as he tries vainly
text: to reach the box. Finally, Shake pulls his hand out, grabs
text: the revolver Castle left him and drills the rat with four
text: quick shots. Shake tries to jam the gun barrel down and
text: touch the button. It will not fit through the grating. He
text: grabs the dagger and with the point pushes the first switch,
text: the electric box some ten yards off explodes throwing Shake
text: to the ground.
dialog: cut TO:
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. YAKUZA HEADQUARTERS
text: Castle and Franco come running around a corner and reach a
text: dead end in a shogi-lined hall. They turn as the Yakuza
text: also turn the corner. Suddenly the lights go out. In the
text: dark there is tremendous shouting, shooting and confusion.
text: A moment later the emergency lights go on. The hallway is
text: bathed in red light. The Yakuza look around. Castle and
text: Franco are gone. The Yakuza's confusion turns: to terror as
text: deadly fire rips through the shogi screens to their left and
text: right. Castle and Franco empty their clips into the Yakuza
text: then kick out the remaining shogi and meet each other over
text: the bodies.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: You go left! I'll go right!
text: The two men take off in opposite directions.
dialog: cUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARKED CAR
text: Berkowitz cruises the streets listening to the police radio.
dialog: V.0.
dialog: Double homicide. Two Japanese
text: males at 2603 Broad Street.
dialog: Identifying characteristics:
text: complete body tattoos.
text: Berkowitz perks up, turns on his red light and hits the
dialog: accelerator.
speaker_heading: cUuUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. YAKUZA HEADQUARTERS MUSEUM ROAD
text: Castle stalking down a red, lit hallway past displays filled
text: with antique weapons and suits of Japanese armor. As he
text: passes two suits of armor, they suddenly come alive. Castle
text: turns as two sickles flash out stripping him of his uzi and
text: slicing into his Kevlar. The helmets come off revealing
text: Tomio and Sato. Sato attacks with his sai. Castle grabs an
text: antique sword from another set of armor and blocks the sai
text: without an inch to spare. He counters, slashing at Sato's
text: armor. The breastplate falls away. Sato spins and throws
text: his third sai from his belt stripping Castle of his sword.
text: Castle kicks Sato sending him off balance and crashing
text: through a glass display. The glass slashes through his
text: entire exposed body.
dialog: 87.
text: Tomio attacks, a whirlwind with sickles. Castle back
text: peddles, throwing a kimono rack in Tomio's path. Tomio
text: slices right through it and keeps coming. He slashes as
text: Castle twists away. The sickles cut the straps of the
text: Kevlar suit and the beeper belt. With another quick move,
text: the sickle points catch the Kevlar and rip it from Castle's
text: body. Tomio flings the armor away and charges Castle.
text: Castle grabs a staff and tries to defend himself swinging at
text: Tomio's feet. Tomio jumps up and comes down splitting the
text: staff with his sickles and cutting Castle neatly across the
text: face. Castle swings a large metal weapon which knocks
text: Tomio's sickles away. Tomio spins at the same time and
text: kicks Castle with a back kick. Castle doubles over. Tomio
text: knees him in the face. Castle falls back. Tomio spins
text: again kicking his head left, then right. He punches Castle
text: hard. Castle falls into a wall filled with weapons and
text: sinks to the floor.
text: Castle's P.O.V. His beeper within reach. Tomio grabs a
text: Samurai sword from the wall, cocks his entire body back and
text: charges Castle. Castle hits his beeper.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: Shake sees the second light go on and hits the switch with
text: his knife.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING
text: The lobby doors blow out with the force of the explosion.
text: The whole building rocks.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM ROOM
text: The force of the explosion rocks the building. Tomio loses
text: his balance as he is about to slash at Castle and falis
text: backward. Castle grabs a spear off of the wall and flings
text: it for all he is worth. The spear pierces through Tomio's
text: antique armor with such force it comes out the other side,
text: pinning the man to the wall behind him.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: I hope I got my point across.
text: Castle finds his pistol and rushes out of the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING
text: Half a dozen police cars, lights swirling, surround the
text: entrance. Berkowitz's car comes to a screeching halt as a
text: manhole cover in the street opens and Shake comes hobbling
text: out. Berkowitz exits his car and runs right into Shake,
text: knocking him down.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: You okay?
text: He helps Shake up.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: Don't worry about this poor
dialog: old slob. Get on the case,
dialog: do your job.
text: Berkowitz looks. at this rhyming bum askance.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Murray. Get this nut out of
dialog: here.
text: A uniformed cop comes and takes Shake away leading him by
dialog: the arm.
speaker_heading: SHAKE
dialog: I operate under my own power.
dialog: Thank you.
text: As he pulls away, something falls out of his coat and
text: clatters to the sidewalk. Berkowitz turns at the sound.
text: His P.O.V. The skull dagger. He strides over and picks it
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Hey!
text: Shake turns but before Berkowitz can continue, gun fire
text: erupts from the building. When Berkowitz turns again, Shake
text: has disappeared into the night. Berkowitz hurries into the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: cUuT To:
scene_heading: INT. TANAKA'S HEADQUARTERS
text: Franco moves cautiously along a wall. From behind a shogi
text: a burst of gun fire catches him in the chest. Franco falls.
text: Two Yakuza kick the screen down and approach his corpse. He
text: bolts up, surprising both of them, filling them with deadly
dialog: 89.
text: lead. His P.O.V. through the broken shogi as he sits up.
text: Tanaka, her daughter who is all dressed in white, and Tommy
text: hurry across the far corridor and through a door.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Tommy !
text: Tommy turns.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Dad!
text: Tanaka stops then hurries through the door. Her daughter
text: fires a .09mm at Franco. He dives for cover. She makes her
text: escape. Franco recovers and goes after them.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING LOBBY
text: In the smokey rubble-filled lobby the cops wait anxiously as
text: a repair man takes his time trying to get the elevators to
text: work. Berkowitz is exploding with impatience.
speaker_heading: BERKOWIT2
dialog: We ain't got all day here!
speaker_heading: REPAIRMAN
dialog: Elevators are very temperamental
dialog: things. Not many people know
dialog: that, but it's true.
text: Berkowitz leans over and talks into his ear.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: So are cops who feel they're
dialog: gettin' jerked around. So
dialog: can the philesophy and get
dialog: me up there.
text: A second later the elevator starting sounds high up.
text: Berkowitz looks up to the numbers. The car is descending
text: from the top floor.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TANAKA'S HEADQUARTERS
text: Franco moves quickly, but cautiously through the rooms.
dialog: cut To:
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
text: Moving along a corridor, bloodied but mobile. He opens a
text: shogi screen. His P.O.V. Across the room, through the far
text: shogi, Tanaka, her daughter and Tommy in silhouette. The
text: daughter's silhouette climbs the wall like a spider,
text: disppearing on the roof into the ceiling. Tanaka and Tommy
text: move past. Castle sees them briefly as they pass the
text: slightly open door. Castle hears footsteps coming fast.
text: His P,O.V. Franco's silhouette comes running down the hall
text: and stops.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FRANCO
text: Charging down the hall and coming up short. His P.O.V.
text: Tanaka at the end of the hall, her hand over Tommy's mouth.
text: Tommy tries desperately to warn his father of the danger
text: above, but Franco doesn't see it.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Mr. Franco. Nice to see you
dialog: again. If I knew you were
dialog: coming, I would have prepared
dialog: a little something.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Cut the crap! I want my boy!
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Yes. I get that feeling.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Let him go. You got everything
dialog: you wanted.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
text: Not quite yet.
text: Franco has walked past where Tanaka's daughter is
text: camouflaged into the white ceiling. She makes her way down
text: behind him on a short rope and prepares to throw a knife
text: into his back, when Castle comes diving through the shogi
text: tackling her into the next shogi wall. Franco turns to see
text: the two of them locked in deadly embrace. Tanaka escapes
text: with Tommy. Franco hesitates one moment and then runs after
text: his son, leaving Castle to face his fate.
text: Castle grasps the woman's wrists. She twists around and
text: under and flips him through the shogi. He rolls and rises.
text: She flicks her wrists, a knife barely misses Castle's face
dialog: 91.
text: and embeds in a beam. Before Castle can recover, she
text: jump-kicks right at him. Castle barely has time to get out
text: of the way as her shoe sides rip across his face leaving a
text: long gash. Castle falls back as she kicks again. He lets
text: it go past and then grabs her and tries to flip her but she
text: reverses on him, punching him twice, hard, sending him
text: reeling. Again she attacks with her feet, but this time she
text: sweeps his feet out from under him. He lands on his back
text: hard. She lifts a heel. Castle's P.O.V. Two sharp spikes
text: coming right out of the heel like spurs. The spikes come
text: down an inch from his head with such force they stick into
text: the wooden floor. Castle locks her foot in place and pushes
text: her forward. She tumbles in slow motion, comes up and spins
text: with another knife in her hand cocking her arm to throw it.
text: She releases. At the same moment, Castle yanks her shoe out
text: of the floor and throws it. Her knife catches Castle in the
text: arm and pierces through. His shoe catches her square in the
text: chest. The side embedding in her heart like a hatchet. She
text: falls over dead. Castle yanks the knife out of his arm and
text: hobbles off.
dialog: curt To:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY
text: The elevator comes. Berkowitz and a dozen cops in riot gear
dialog: pile in.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Franco runs down a corridor towards the two doors to
text: Tanaka's private quarters. He bursts through the doors and
text: stops cold in the doorway. Tanaka stands in the middle of
text: the room with a knife to Tommy's throat.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Not another step, Mr. Franco.
text: Franco goes to move forward. Tanaka draws a bead of blood
text: from Tommy's throat with her knife. Franco flinches and
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: You can't win here. You kill
dialog: him, I kill you.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: And who loses more? Certainly
dialog: not me.
dialog: 92.
text: Franco realizes what she says is true. His shoulders slump.
text: The gun goes to his side.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Get on your knees.
text: Franco hesitates. Tanaka pulls Tommy's hair back tighter
text: and puts the knife up against his throat. Franco complies
text: and gets to his knees.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Put the gun in your mouth.
text: Franco is stunned.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: You have my word. He will
dialog: live.
text: Tommy tries to shake his head. Franco's conflict is huge.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: How do I know you'll keep
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: You don't. But some chance
dialog: is better than no chance.
text: After a long moment, Franco makes his decision. Slowly he
text: raises the gun to his mouth. He puts the barrel to his
text: lips.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
text: All the way in.
text: Franco inserts the entire barrel into his mouth. Tommy
text: tries to turn his head away. Tanaka yanks it back forcing
dialog: him to watch.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: This is part of your education.
dialog: Watch!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Franco.
text: Franco tries to summon up the courage to pull the trigger,
text: when Castle lunges from behind through the decors pushing
text: Franco over and simultaneously flinging her daughter's knife
text: into Tanaka's forehead. As Castle falls to the floor, the
dialog: 93.
text: knife in Tanaka's hand falls away from Tommy's throat. Her
text: eyes go blank. She topples backward, Tommy runs into
text: Franco's arms. They hug fiercely. Franco kisses his face
text: over and over. His P.O.V. Castle sitting up, propped
text: against Tanaka's concert piano. Franco's mind goes to work.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Tommy. Wait outside for a
dialog: minute. Mr. Castle and I
dialog: have to tie up some loose
dialog: ends.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Okay Dad.
text: Tommy walks towards the door. Franco approaches Castle.
text: Castle's P.O.V. Franco's hard vengeful eyes, the gun in his
text: hand. There is no doubt as to his intent. Castle sits
text: bleeding, battered, seemingly exhausted. He does not move.
text: A man awaiting his fate.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: You helped me. Now I'm going
dialog: to help you,
dialog: (beat)
dialog: to the next world. Have a
dialog: nice trip. You son of a bitch.
text: Franco raises the gun. ANGLE ON Tommy turning at the door.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Dad! Not
text: Franco keeps his eyes on Castle. His gun leveled.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Wait outside, son.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: He saved you. He saved me.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: You don't understand what
dialog: is involved. Now get outside!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I do understand. You are what
dialog: they said.
text: Franco turns angry.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: (scolding)
dialog: I said wait...
dialog: 94.
text: He never gets to finish the sentence for Castle has thrust a
text: skull dagger, from his boot, into Franco's gut. Franco
text: falls over dead, the dagger sticking up. Tommy is stunned.
text: He and Castle look at each other for a long moment. Tommy
text: throws himself on his father's body, sobbing. Castle gets
text: up slowly, painfully. He picks up Franco's gun, sticks it
text: in his waistband and starts to leave the room.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I'm going to kill you!
text: Castle stops in the doorway and turns slowly.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I don't care how long it
dialog: takes. When I'm old enough
dialog: I'm going to learn how to
dialog: use a gun and I'm going to
dialog: find you and I'm going to
dialog: kill you.
text: Castle takes Franco's gun
text: walks towards Tommy. The
text: His chest heaves with it.
text: takes the gun, raises it,
text: out of his waistband and slowly
text: hate in Tommy's eyes is unabating.
text: He doesn't back down. Castile
text: points it at Tommy.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: It's easy to learn. There's
dialog: nothing to it. You flip the
dialog: safety, aim and pull the
dialog: trigger.
text: He points the gun at Tommy and then turns it around, lifts
text: Tommy's hand and puts it firmly on the handle. He gets down
text: on his knees and places the gun barrel between his eyes.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Do it! Get it over with now.
dialog: Maybe if you do, you won't
dialog: grow up and be like him.
text: A thousand emotions play across Tommy's face. He bites his
text: lip, tries to steel himself to the task, but he can't pull
text: the trigger. A sense of satisfaction, a hint of softness
text: fills Castle's eyes. He rises and looks down at Tommy
text: kindly. Tommy breaks down and begins to sob. Castle puts
text: his arm around his shoulder. Tommy leans on him, sobbing
text: into his chest.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: The elevator door opens. Berkowitz and the other cops pile
text: out. The carnage stops them for a moment, then Berkowitz
text: starts running.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Frank! Where are you? Frank!
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. TANAKA'S ROOM
text: Castle hears Berkowitz. He steps away from Tommy ready to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: You're a good boy, Tommy.
dialog: Grow up and be a good man.
text: He takes two steps to the window and turns.
speaker_heading: CASTLE
dialog: Because if not,
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'll be waiting.
text: He fixes Tommy with a look a young boy will not forget for a
text: long time, if ever, and exits through the window. Tommy
text: stands beside his father's corpse numb. Berkowitz and the
text: cops burst into the room, their guns leveled. Berkowitz
text: looks at Tommy, then at Franco, then at Tommy again.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Tommy Franco.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: The man who did this Tommy,
dialog: which way did he go?
text: Tommy looks at Berkowitz plainly and points at a door to the
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Come on!
text: The cops run out. Berkowitz is about to follow them when he
text: sees a trail of blood leading to the open window. He looks
text: at Tommy once more, suspiciously, and heads for the window.
dialog: 96.
text: He looks outside left, then right outside. There is nothing
text: but the night. His frustration builds. He bellows into the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: BERKOWITZ
dialog: Frank Castle! I'm here Frank.
dialog: Did you hear me? I'm here.
dialog: Frank! Fraaank!
text: ZOOM OUT as his plaintive cry reverberates through the night
text: shrouded city. 200M OUT to the stars twinkling in the
dialog: heavens.
speaker_heading: CASTLE (V.0O.)
dialog: I still talk to God sometimes.
dialog: I ask him if what I'm doing
dialog: is right or wrong.
text: The screen goes to black.
speaker_heading: CASTLE (V.O.}
text: I'm still waiting for an answer.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
