speaker_heading: THE GAMBLER
dialog: Written by
dialog: William Monahan
dialog: Adapted from THE GAMBLER by James Toback
dialog: January 19, 2014
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HILLS. NIGHT
text: A modern house, packed with dark-clad figures, clings to the
text: edge of a precipice. Its lights are blurred in the sort of
text: fog that Angelenos call a marine layer.
text: In the road that curves past and below the house, VALETS are
text: silently taking and parking (driving off to park) expensive
text: cars. Valets in their white shirt-fronts are running up and
text: down the road.
text: The people going up to the house do not seem to be party-
text: goers: they are all male, mostly grave, primarily Asian
dialog: businessmen.
text: A fogged view of the valet area is revealed by a sudden sweep
text: of WIPERS. We reverse to see:
text: A BMW 1 series, the 1M, the orange killer, standing pulled
text: over against the curb, under a spray of somebody's
text: bougainvillea. The car is idling. It contains only the
dialog: driver.
scene_heading: INT. BMW. NIGHT
text: A BRASS ZIPPO lighter is clicked open, shut, open, shut.
text: The driver, JIM — the gambler of the piece — is watching the
text: house. Close on his calculating eyes.
text: The LIGHTER clicks open, shut, open, shut, and then a
text: decision is made: JIM puts the lighter in the pocket of his
text: dark suit, and gets abruptly out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. NIGHT
text: JIM walks downhill towards the valet area. He is tall, well
text: dressed, thirty five. He needs a shave, he’s tieless, and
text: looks like he might have been up for five days straight, but
dialog: he has decent style, a natural suavity.
text: A FILIPINO VALET notes him, and the car.
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: You bring car here.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Already got a space, buddy.
text: He looks up at the LIGHTED HOUSE, then at the VALET.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve got a lucky face.
text: THE VALET stares, authority challenged, flummoxed, as
text: JIM, with a glance back, goes up the steep stairs under
text: flaring torches.
text: In the undergrowth we see (and JIM sees) that a FOR SALE sign
text: has been toppled over, and badly hidden.
text: After following JIM briefly through the gardens, over the
text: brick paths, and past big SECURITY MEN (multi-ethnic), one of
text: whom nods as JIM appears, we go to
text: JIM'S POV to enter the house, to move through the packed
text: rooms. There is a girl inside with a GUEST LIST. She knows
text: him, makes a mark.
text: The rooms, done up around the edges as a temporary bottle
text: service gambling club, are full of serious gamblers. Again,
text: mostly Asian, but with some serious casuals, a few hip-
text: hoppers. It’s a catered affair. The same sort of casually
text: employed actors and models and students that move around with
text: drinks and food on trays at any party in Hollywood.
text: JIM moves through the rooms, noting...
text: TABLE AFTER TABLE, all of them in heavy play, by very heavy
dialog: gamblers.
text: Through a door, apart, we see a POKER GAME going on, heavy
text: hitters. JIM moves on, observing everything, ready for
dialog: anything, looking for what he needs, the game he needs.
text: A STUDENT-WAITRESS (AMY), for a moment, might be it: but
text: after making serious eye contact, and a moment in which JIM
text: and AMY register each other without affect, and he shakes his
text: head very slightly to reject either a canape or something
text: much more complicated, she moves on through the crowd. He
text: keeps moving. She keeps moving.
text: They seem to know each other from another context, and it’s
dialog: rattled Jim, to see her here.
text: Near the MONEY changing hands at an improvised CAISSE, where
text: a woman in specs trades colored plaques for cash in the Asian
text: casino manner, KOREAN HEAVIES stand guard, earpieced, armed.
dialog: (The security guys outside are any security guys: the inner
text: sanctum is Korean).
text: JIM goes to the caisse table, reaches into his coat, and
text: pulls out ten thousand-odd dollars in a wrapper. He waits,
dialog: watches, as
text: His MONEY is counted...
dialog: And as...
text: THE PLAQUES are shoved across.
text: As JIM gathers up the plaques and puts them in his coat, he
text: notices an older, tough, grave, civil, unreadable Korean man,
text: MISTER LEE, looking at him carefully.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You do better tonight.
text: JIM nods.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Couldn’t do worse.
text: They look at each other. JIM has his game face: but MISTER
text: LEE always has his. MISTER LEE nods, and, though it’s subtle,
text: allows JIM to pass on through into the big, crowded, high-
text: ceilinged room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACKJACK AREA. NIGHT. LATER
text: SPECTATORS are watching. MISTER LEE moves up to watch.
text: JIM, the only player at the table, with at least eight times
text: more plaques in front of him than we saw him buy, absolutely
text: intent on the game, shoves 40K in plaques forward and is
dialog: dealt a
text: CARD DOWN and a JACK UP.
text: JIM checks his down card and sees a 4, and looks up at the
text: dealer, like a duellist marking his man.
text: The DEALER (KOREAN, an at-sea family man who really shouldn’t
dialog: be doing this, really shouldn't be in these circumstances)
text: realizes he’s in it, and is very nervous.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Double down, make it twenty
dialog: thousand.
text: The DEALER looks over at MISTER LEE, who nods his approval.
text: JIM gets a king. He’s lost. His on-table pile is raked away.
text: He smiles, and then deliberately, enjoying it, he pushes in
text: the last of his RESERVED CHIPS...all of them.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: (to uncertain, sweating
dialog: dealer)
dialog: Mister Lee can cover a lot more
dialog: than that, buddy.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You must be new.
text: MISTER LEE again has to nod his approval.
text: The sweating DEALER deals.
text: JIM is given a card down and a 2 showing. The DEALER has a
text: queen showing. JIM looks at him again, briefly; then flips
text: his down card, sees a 7, and tucks it under his 2. After
text: catching the eye of the passing...
speaker_heading: AMY
text: In the crowd...
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: (off something about Amy)
dialog: Let’s go for it, brother.
dialog: (this means something
dialog: about Amy)
dialog: Double it.
text: JIM takes a card down, flicks it up with his 7 card. It is an
text: ace. He is unmoved.
text: The DEALER turns up his down card, a 5; then draws a 6 for
text: 21. We stay on the cards long enough to count them.
text: JIM'S COUNTERS are scraped away by the house.
text: MISTER LEE moves indifferently away through the crowd.
speaker_heading: ON JIM:
dialog: JIM is entirely without affect: as if losing money was
dialog: exactly what he wanted: to be done with it.
text: He pulls out a single RED 500 dollar counter, looks at it,
text: turns it in his hand, in the well-done light, puts it back in
text: his pocket.
text: A bejeweled COURTLY GANGSTA (NEVILLE) beside him (and his
dialog: POSSE never far from Neville):
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I hope you paid your rent, homes.
text: JIM looks at him, perfectly capable of either glassing him or
text: walking away.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don’t pay rent. Homes.
text: After this (ambiguity) is taken on board:
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You got a problem, an issue of some
dialog: kind?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah, I don’t like your fuckin’
dialog: hat.
text: JIM is quite obviously a gambler in many aspects of life.
text: NEVILLE and POSSE exchange glances. DANGEROUS KOREANS have
text: moved in at the hint of trouble.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly to Neville’s ear)
dialog: I think you kinda want me to have
dialog: an issue, so I thought of that one.
text: JIM tosses down his drink, chews his ice, and stares at
dialog: Neville.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I got plenty of issues. A dangerous
dialog: guy in a hat's only one of them.
dialog: What's yours?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: See you outside, motherfucker.
text: JIM turns back and spreads his arms.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, we all gotta go out sometime.
dialog: It's never when you want it and
dialog: it's always gonna hurt.
dialog: (turns back, leans in)
dialog: You a gambler?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Not like you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You don't know what I am. That's
dialog: the first thing you should know.
text: JIM looks intently at him, inches away.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to fuck around or do you
dialog: want to cut cards for 500?
text: NEVILLE looks at him, at the raised 500 PLAQUE.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I put ten grand against your five
dialog: hundred. Is that gambler enough for
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I haven’t got ten grand. That’s an
dialog: unequal bet.
text: The courtly NEVILLE indicates his smoldering POSSE:
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: It’s an unequal general situation.
dialog: JIM appreciates that.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh, I like odds.
dialog: (holding out palm to the
text: wide-eyed DEALER, not
dialog: looking at him)
dialog: Give us a deck.
text: One is shuffled. JIM takes it, walks with Neville to a nearby
text: small bar where champagne is set up, puts the deck down, and
text: nods at NEVILLE who cuts first and shows...with great
dialog: reluctance....
text: The KING OF SPADES.
text: JIM, amused, looks up at NEVILLE who is not amused at all.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s funny.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I thought you wanted my business
dialog: card.
text: The deck is reshuffled and JIM cuts, revealing, and taking up
text: to look at, a JACK OF HEARTS.
text: AMY is watching.
text: JIM looks at her: and then looks down.
text: She turns away.
text: JIM tosses the card on the table and holds out the 500
text: marker.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (genuinely)
dialog: Congratulations.
text: He holds out his hand and NEVILLE takes THE PLAQUE and hands
text: over in return a glass of champagne. JIM takes a small sip
text: and sets the glass aside.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I seen you around. I think you like
dialog: to lose.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Life’s a losing proposition, right?
dialog: Might as well get it over with.
text: He starts off.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: You need a stake?
text: JIM turns.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You like staking losers?
text: NEVILLE has no response.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I know how you stake people.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Then you know everything.
text: He sips his drink and loses interest.
text: JIM moves away, now broke. (KOREANS watching him, one KOREAN
text: aside talking to MISTER LEE). He goes to a SIDEBOARD loaded
text: with BUFFET FOOD, and realizes he’s famished. He loads a
text: plate, loads it, and carries it out onto the terrace.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE. CONTINUOUS
text: AMY looks briefly out through the window at the oblivious
text: JIM, concerned, intrigued, and then moves on with her TRAY OF
speaker_heading: CANAPES.
text: JIM puts the plate on the terrace rail and starts to wolf the
dialog: food. As we come around,
text: MISTER LEE materializes behind him.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: Your luck is no good these days.
dialog: JIM brasses this out:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Maybe.
text: MISTER LEE is intrigued by this guy.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You came in with ten thousand in
dialog: cash. I don't know where you got
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh, I think we can be pretty sure
dialog: it was from gambling.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: Wherever you got it, you didn't
dialog: give it to me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, I didn’t.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: This is a gambling establishment.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You have a family? A wife?
dialog: Children?
text: JIM shakes his head “no”. (Though this is a lie and a truth
text: simultaneously). MISTER LEE looks as if this explains plenty,
text: which it may well do. (Though it doesn’t). JIM stares out
text: over the canyon, comes to an abrupt, brass-balled decision:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, that depends if you give me
dialog: ten thousand more in credit.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You owe a lot of money.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Everybody owes money all over the
dialog: place. Have I never not paid you?
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
text: Eventually, a debt gets too big to
dialog: pay. Then...no one is responsible.
text: JIM grips the rail of the porch. Down in the LOWER GARDEN,
text: PROSTITUTES do business by the pool, one or another going off
text: with a businessman into the dark. A freshly unfolded aspect
text: of Hell. All whispers into ears. As JIM watches...
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Some people find impossibility to
dialog: pay a relief. Their lives...are out
dialog: of their hands.
dialog: (closer, as on Feisal in
dialog: Lawrence)
dialog: I think you may be one of those
dialog: people.
dialog: JIM takes it on. Maybe what Mister Lee said is what he’s
text: after — maybe it isn’t. TWO BIG KOREANS (the key ones,
text: intelligent muscle) are now with MISTER LEE.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: But all this...is starting to be
dialog: over.
text: JIM looks at him.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Get me my money.
text: MISTER LEE walks away, his MUSCLE following.
text: JIM leans back with his elbows on the rail, stretching his
text: back, looking at the stars, and then looks over and sees:
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV:
text: NEVILLE now on the terrace, lying back in a deck chair,
text: smoking a COHIBA, his boys seated in shadow nearby.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER:
text: A shadow falls across NEVILLE. He looks up. We reverse to
dialog: see:
speaker_heading: JIM.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Stake me fifty grand.
text: A long look from NEVILLE.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
text: At twenty points.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: At whatever points you like. We had
dialog: a conversation about odds. You
dialog: think I mind them?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: (to associate)
dialog: Give him fifty grand.
dialog: (to JIM)
dialog: Make sure my man has your, ah,
dialog: digits, and so forth.
text: A DESIGNER LEATHER BAG is dug into. JIM takes CASH, in ten-
text: grand bundles, and goes over to the surprised MISTER LEE. He
text: shows the money.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You can take the whole fifty, and
dialog: we'll settle up — but as we
dialog: discussed, this is a gambling
dialog: establishment.
text: MISTER LEE keeps his counsel; then keeps forty, hands it to a
text: BIG KOREAN, and hands ten grand back to Jim with a grave nod.
text: JIM pockets the ten.
text: JIM walks past the smoking, disinterested NEVILLE.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Bonne chance.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I feel better about your hat. But
dialog: not about you wearing it inside.
text: NEVILLE looks after him. His GUYS stand up.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Sit down.
scene_heading: INT. THE CAISSE AREA. NIGHT
text: JIM trades the ten in cash for plaques, then heads (AMY again
text: picking him up with her eyes) for the Blackjack table.
text: JIM pushes all his markers in. The whole ten grand.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Do it. No no. Don’t look at Mister
dialog: Lee. You look at me. Do it.
dialog: 11.
text: The DEALER deals.
text: JIM gets a queen showing. The Dealer has an ace showing. Jim
text: checks his down card and sees a 3. He nods for a card and is
dialog: hit with an 8 for 21.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Twenty one.
text: The DEALER turns over an 8, making 20, and Jim has won. He
dialog: could cash out now, and big, but he leaves his winnings down
dialog: and says:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Play the two.
text: The DEALER gives JIM a 10 up and another card down; deals
text: himself a king up. JIM flips and sees another 10 for 20. The
text: dealer draws two cards — and busts. Jim’s won again.
text: JIM nods for the DEALER to start another hand. The DEALER
text: looks at MISTER LEE.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: He doesn’t want you to look at him.
dialog: Deal the cards.
text: SPECTATORS crowd around. NEVILLE is watching. AMY comes
text: through the crowd and SHE is watching.
text: The DEALER gives JIM a down card and an 8. He deals himself a
text: 4 showing over his down card. JIM sees his down card is a 4.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: (to DEALER)
dialog: You take it.
text: The DEALER turns over a 2, then draws a jack for 16 and then
text: a queen to bust. Jim wins with a 10 for 14.
text: MISTER LEE watches. The DEALER looks at MISTER LEE.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t look at him. There’s no
dialog: limit.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: It's for your own protection.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Fuck my protection. You don’t come
dialog: here for fucking protection from
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: You come here for the fuckin’
dialog: opposite and here I am. Deal the
dialog: cards.
text: MISTER LEE nods.
text: THE CARDS ARE DEALT.
text: JIM wins another hand with 21. He takes up the counters.
text: Turns away, goes, with people watching him, Amy watching him,
dialog: to...
text: The roulette table.
text: JIM stands and looks at the waiting table, magic in the light
text: over it. He puts down his plaques. NEVILLE has come up beside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
text: Everything on black.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Red's been coming up all night.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You want me to pay you now? Is that
dialog: what you want me to do?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Because you’1ll either lose and
dialog: you're mine for talking shit about
dialog: my headgear, or either I want to
dialog: just watch the show.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It’s all of those things.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What about ripping me off outside
dialog: if I win?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Not in that business, brother.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Everything on black.
text: The ball rolls, and it’s nearly black, but then the ball
dialog: lands in...
speaker_heading: RED
text: The CROWD reacts as if a man has just dropped from a
text: scaffold. AMY, in the crowd, turns away. JIM leans with his
text: elbows on the table for a minute: but then stands straight to
text: look NEVILLE in the eye. NEVILLE looks at JIM.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Float me some spending money.
text: NEVILLE gives him a thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: That's at twenty points, too.
text: JIM folds away the money. He looks at NEVILLE. He looks at
text: MISTER LEE. Then he goes, pushing his way through the crowd
dialog: as those people look after him who still have the interest to
dialog: do so.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. DAWN
text: JIM comes down the steps, looks bleakly at the valets, and
text: then walks up to his car. The sun is rising, lighting the
text: shoulder of the hill beyond the Hollywood sign.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAWN
text: JIM sits in his car, exhausted, defeated, taking shit on,
text: barely holding it together. He watches NEVILLE and his POSSE
text: pile into two Bentleys and drive off down the canyon. Then he
text: puts the car in gear and drives.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET BOULEVARD. NIGHT
text: JIM pulls up to the Seventh Veil, and in one long shot gets
text: out of the car and heads in, handing the doorman a 20, moving
text: through the dark room, avoiding the “dancers” (it’s been a
dialog: long time since strip clubs in Los Angeles haven't been
text: brothels) until he comes to one in particular, a beautiful
text: black Amazon in a yellow bikini. She starts to do the thing,
dialog: the come-on (stripper ad-libs)...
speaker_heading: STRIPPER
dialog: You a tourist, baby?
text: But Jim holds up his hand and stops her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We're all tourists. It's the nature
dialog: of the planet.
text: She starts to speak.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen. I don’t need you to talk. I
dialog: need you to listen to me. No. No
dialog: no, you listen. I know it’s hard, I
dialog: know you want to talk your
dialog: bullshit, but if you do, I’m going
dialog: to leave.
dialog: 14.
text: She nods, maybe getting it. He holds out a hundred dollar
text: bill. She looks at it: starts to speak: but he stops her.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t want you to act like you’re
text: in a porn film made for retards,
dialog: because there’s no girl in here
dialog: better looking than anybody I've
dialog: ever even gone out with once, so I
dialog: want you to act like a normal woman
dialog: with no mental problems and then I
dialog: want you to take this hundred
dialog: dollars, I want you to take me in
dialog: back, where you blow people for
dialog: money, and I want you to do what I
dialog: ask you to do without saying
dialog: another fucking word to me ever
dialog: again in my life. Can you do that?
dialog: Because if you can’t shut up I
dialog: can’t stay here.
text: Finally she nods and takes the hundred dollar bill.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: OK. All right.
text: He follows her into the back room as if marching to a death
dialog: sentence and we go to:
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. UCLA. DAY
dialog: Establish a part of the college, with JIM’S CAR parked
text: erratically in the foreground. STUDENTS and STAFF on the
text: grounds of the campus like figures in a painting.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: INT. ENGLISH DEPT FACULTY MEN’S ROOM. DAY
text: JIM is splashing his face with water. He’s still not shaved.
text: His white collar is now not clean. Out of one of the toilets
text: comes an English Department ASSHOLE (JONES). Basically FDR
text: without the wheelchair, senior to Jim, and not as good on any
text: subject. He washes his hands.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: First time I've ever seen you
dialog: without a shave.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m trying to avoid tenure. You can
dialog: have that one.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: If I could teach like you I'd be a
dialog: little more grateful.
text: JIM examines him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Fuck you. [Fuck grateful. ]
text: JONES goes. JIM continues to wash.
scene_heading: INT. UCLA CLASSROOM. DAY
dialog: We only use one classroom for Jim. It’s a big one. This one,
text: only half full, is still a good crowd mixed evenly along
dialog: racial and gender lines. He's a popular professor. Among the
dialog: students is (and this explains everything):
text: AMY, watching him, eyes tired from her night job, her laptop
dialog: open.
text: And another is DEXTER, a white, blonde stoner UCLA tennis
dialog: player, a good one.
text: Way, way, way, at the back, a ballplayer named LAMAR is
text: checking his cellphone while his "academic advisor" is
text: whispering to him fiercely.
text: JIM is writing on the board “A Groats-worth of Wit, Bought
text: with a Million of Repentance”, then, turning:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The first public notice that was
dialog: ever made of Shakespeare was from a
dialog: grub street writer Robert Greene,
dialog: who called him an “upstart crow
dialog: beautified with our feathers”.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: In the book under that title on the
dialog: board. If you haven’t discovered
dialog: Robert Greene on your own at this
dialog: point, the man who wrote the novel
dialog: Pandosto, you don’t belong in this
dialog: class.
text: ON AMY'S SCREEN is the famous picture of the ghost of ROBERT
text: GREENE in his winding sheet, pen to paper at a table,
text: condemned to hackdom even in the afterlife. She clicks and
text: hides the picture.
speaker_heading: NEBBISH
dialog: (who has no idea who
dialog: Robert Greene is)
dialog: Is the stolen feathers thing
dialog: because Greene knew Shakespeare was
dialog: the Earl of Oxford?
text: JIM puts his head on the blackboard. Not again.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Listen. The Earl of Oxford
dialog: published poetry. It wasn’t any
dialog: good. Had Oxford been able to get a
dialog: play put on, he would have broken a
dialog: leg to do it. Can you think of any
dialog: human being that would for any
dialog: reason not put his name on
dialog: “Hamlet”?
text: BLANK faces look at him.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: The Oxfordian thing, the anti-
dialog: Strafordian thing...what pisses
dialog: people off about Shakespeare...
dialog: What lies behind every controversy
dialog: about Shakespeare...is rage. Rage
dialog: over the nature, and unequal
dialog: distribution, of talent. Rage that
text: genius appears where it appears for
dialog: no material reason at all. Desiring
dialog: a thing...
text: He passes AMY, walking...
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: .+-cannot make you have it.
text: He drifts through the room, talking.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: The trouble with writing, if I may
dialog: bring it up here in the English
dialog: Department...instead of allowing
dialog: you all to talk about sexual
dialog: politics all fucking day long...is
dialog: that we all do a little of it from
dialog: time to time, writing, and some of
dialog: us start to think, delusionally,
dialog: that well, maybe with a little
dialog: time, a little peace, a little
dialog: money in the bank, maybe if we left
dialog: the old lady and the kids, maybe if
dialog: we had that room of our own, we
dialog: might be writers, too. Why do we
dialog: think that? We accept genius in
dialog: sports, in painting, as something
dialog: we cannot do, but it’s no more
dialog: likely that you can be a writer
dialog: than you can be an Olympic fucking
dialog: pole vaulter. Because what you have
dialog: to be before you try to be a pole
dialog: vaulter, is a pole vaulter.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: You are one.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: A pole vaulter?
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: A novelist.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No I’m not. For me to be a novelist
dialog: I'd have to make a deal with myself
dialog: that it was ok being a mediocrity
dialog: in a profession that died
dialog: commercially in the last century.
dialog: People do that. I’m not one of
dialog: them. If you take away nothing else
dialog: from my class, from this
dialog: experience, let it be this: If
dialog: you're not a genius, don’t bother.
dialog: The world needs plenty of
dialog: electricians and a lot of them are
dialog: happy. I'll be fucked if I'll be a
dialog: midlist novelist, getting good
dialog: reviews from the people I give good
dialog: reviews to...
speaker_heading: STUDENT (0.S.)
dialog: You're better than—
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm not better than anybody but the
dialog: people who suck.
dialog: (turns, points, not going
dialog: to listen to this)
dialog: Let's talk about talent. Let’s have
text: a look at Dexter right there.
text: Dexter, an ordinary-looking young
text: man with a size forty jacket,
dialog: regular features and decent
dialog: dentition, is the second-ranked
dialog: collegiate tennis player in the
dialog: United States.
text: He leans in on Dexter.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: How'd that come about, Dexter? You
dialog: come from a tennis family?
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I started five years ago in high
dialog: school because the tennis guys had
dialog: the best weed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: So you started playing tennis
dialog: because the tennis guys had the
dialog: best weed. After you started
dialog: tennis, how long was it before you
dialog: and everybody else realized you
dialog: were better than everybody?
text: DEXTER is well brought up and doesn’t want to answer.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Not very long. It was immediately,
dialog: right? Everybody knew you were
dialog: better?
text: DEXTER nods.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened when you noticed you
dialog: were naturally better than
dialog: everybody? Everybody else is
text: lumbering around, essentially
text: pretending to play tennis, while
dialog: you played tennis like Jesus
text: raising the dead.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: .-.-I got interested in tennis.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, we're all different. My own
dialog: personal view of Jesus is that he’d
dialog: lose interest in being Jesus as
text: soon as he realized that he was —
dialog: and that it was easy. You
dialog: know...how many lepers can you do
dialog: without getting tired? Lazarus and
dialog: water into wine are good as one-
dialog: offs. I personally think that the
dialog: thing to do is to one thing,
dialog: definitively, and then move on...to
dialog: something else...if, and only if...
dialog: (and he is referring to
dialog: himself)
dialog: ..+.-you can figure out what it is
dialog: that needs doing. But let’s deal
dialog: with you. Do you remember
dialog: Machiavelli? That would have been
dialog: in September.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I can remember September.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Is it the game, brother, or the
dialog: money? Virtu, or fama? Fame, or
dialog: virtue? You're kicking ass in
dialog: tennis. What are you after? Don’t
dialog: go modest on me. What do you want?
dialog: Money or glory?
text: DEXTER doesn’t know what to answer.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Both?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You got ambitious, yeah?
text: AMY is watching.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I realized...as I learned about the
dialog: game, and about myself in the game,
dialog: that I was in reach of the...
text: He doesn’t want to say it. JIM leans in and whispers:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Highest possible level.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: The highest level. Maybe. Yeah.
dialog: That.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: OK, so you're headed for the
dialog: highest level. But it's not all
dialog: roses. It’s still a gamble, isn’t
dialog: it. Things about it burn your ass?
text: DEXTER takes that on. Nods.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: People out there writing articles
dialog: about less good tennis players? You
dialog: know why that is, Dexter? They have
dialog: publicists. I've personally seen an
dialog: article that put a fake question
dialog: mark over your ability.
text: DEXTER smolders.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Also I read somewhere that your old
dialog: high school coach got a job in
dialog: England claiming to have discovered
dialog: and created you.
text: DEXTER looks ready to explode thinking of that one.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
text: Dexter's old coach now coaches the
dialog: UK international team because
dialog: Dexter was good at tennis.
dialog: He used Dexter and fucked him. If
dialog: Dexter broke his leg in five places
dialog: and never played again, this guy,
dialog: this fucking liar, this expatriate
text: excrescence that came out of an
dialog: alcohol coma and Pomona High School
dialog: because Dexter picked up a racket
dialog: because the tennis guys had the
dialog: best weed, is probably going to end
dialog: up knighted for services to British
dialog: sport. There are two rules: first,
dialog: be a genius. Second: don’t get
dialog: fucked. You got that on board,
dialog: Dexter, yeah?
text: DEXTER nods.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m a literature teacher. I can’t
dialog: write well enough to bother.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Or I just don’t bother. Whichever.
dialog: Whichever it is, there’ll be no
dialog: apotheosis around here, there'll be
dialog: no ambition here. I put my money
dialog: down anywhere else. Because if I
dialog: can't be king I won't be anybody.
dialog: What did the Emperor Vespasian say
dialog: on his deathbed?
text: AMY's hand writes "Vae, puto deus fio" on her notebook and
text: then conceals it.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: He said, "Dear me, I think I am
dialog: becoming a God". If I can't die
dialog: knowing that I'll be remembered, I
dialog: won't try to be remembered. One
dialog: novel and out. If you want to learn
dialog: creative writing you can go down
text: the hall and find seven people who
dialog: want to do it and can't.
speaker_heading: STUDENT (0.S.)
dialog: You can.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: But I won't. Because I'm not good
dialog: enough. But do you know who does
dialog: write at the highest level? When
dialog: most of us, and even I, write
dialog: barely adequately? Do you know who
dialog: it is, in this room?
text: The NEBBISH gets ready for coronation. JIM leans in on him
text: and whispers.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: No, it isn’t the one who talks the
dialog: most...and you really do talk shit.
dialog: You don’t know anything at all.
dialog: You’re an NPR host. Tops.
text: The NEBBISH freaks.
text: Jim indicates AMY.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: The literary person here is Ms
dialog: Phillips. She is the least
dialog: obstreperous in this room, the
dialog: quietest, and the only one in this
dialog: room who can have a real career in
dialog: letters. Some of you can have one
text: perceptually.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Only she can have one in reality.
dialog: She's better at writing than our US
dialog: presently amateur number two is at
dialog: tennis. Let's address the
dialog: Shakespeare question. Where do you
dialog: come from, Ms Phillips?
text: She is blushing furiously. Almost soundlessly:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Ohio.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Parents geniuses by any chance?
dialog: Filthy rich?
text: She shakes her head. He rounds on her like a prosecutor,
text: brutal, blunt.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Your Dad wasn’t the Earl of Oxford
dialog: was he?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How old were you when you read?
text: Almost inaudibly:
dialog: Amy
dialog: I was three.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's early. That’s prodigious.
dialog: Any advantages? Literary home life?
text: She shakes her head, but is now holding his stare boldly.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: What was your father?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: He worked in a factory.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Your mother?
text: AMY shakes her head. No mother, or don’t bring it up.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: What was your mother.
text: AMY finally looks up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: She
dialog: She
dialog: She
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: turns
dialog: looks
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: She was an alcoholic. She was
dialog: insane.
text: to the NEBBISH.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Isn’t your Dad...
speaker_heading: NEBBISH
dialog: I don’t see how this is pertinent.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (back on an uncomfortable
dialog: Amy )
dialog: No money, no advantages, not a peer
dialog: of the realm? You’re not the Earl
dialog: of fucking Oxford are you? No? Then
dialog: why the fuck are you better than
dialog: the rest of us?
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: No, you look at me.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: You are better than the rest of us.
dialog: If no one’s told you yet that
dialog: you're a genius, and an artist, let
dialog: me be the first.
text: starts to cry.
text: goes very close to him, and into his very ear, says:
text: WHITE DUDE IN BACK
dialog: I don’t know if you can say that
dialog: because I think it is subjective,
dialog: man. I mean we all have something
dialog: to offer.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Bullshit.
text: He walks on:
dialog: 23.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Genius is magical, not material. If
dialog: you don’t have the magic, no amount
dialog: of wishing will make it so.
text: The period ends.
text: AMY in tears is gathering her stuff.
text: To DEXTER, as he slaps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: See you at the house, Shakespeare.
text: AMY rushes from the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY. MOMENTS LATER
text: JIM is moving along, noticing AMY, who has leaned against a
text: wall to compose herself. She looks up at JIM. JIM knows
text: exactly what he's done: some good, and he's not sure why. AMY
text: tears off down the hall. JIM puts his head down, and
text: continues. DEAN FULLER falls in step beside him.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULLER
dialog: May I have a word?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: More words? I've about had it with
dialog: them. I don't care about words or
dialog: anything else.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULLER
dialog: That's ridiculous. Jim, the
dialog: athletic department—
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: DEAN FULLER
dialog: Has asked how a certain person is
dialog: doing.
text: He indicates the ballplayer from the classroom — a very tall
text: African American youth with a baby face who is sitting
text: outside an advisors office (on the floor so that his height
text: is not absurd) talking worriedly on a cellphone. It's LAMAR
speaker_heading: HAMPTON.
speaker_heading: JIM looks
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: OK. How is a "certain person"
dialog: doing? The certain person cannot
dialog: write at collegiate level. Then
dialog: again, who gives a fuck. Half the
dialog: tenured faculty would be flogged to
dialog: death for idiocy at any grammar
dialog: school in any previous century.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULLER
dialog: Why do you care about that if you
dialog: don't care about anything?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I probably don't care. If you want
dialog: to give a dyslexic an English
dialog: degree it's up to you.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULLER
dialog: It's time to get serious about your
dialog: career.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: When it is, I'll let you know.
dialog: Unless, of course, you let me know
dialog: that it's time to not get serious,
dialog: and I don't care either way.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULLER
dialog: You're a born teacher.
text: at him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I was born a lot of things. It
dialog: doesn't mean I want to be any of
dialog: them.
dialog: (knowing the answer)
dialog: What, they got a particularly big
dialog: game coming up?
text: DEAN FULLER looks desperate and implicated.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULLER
dialog: I imagine you'd know more than
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (leaning close)
dialog: You don't know anything about me.
dialog: But hey, I'll throw him out of
dialog: class right now. He can be in
dialog: academic arbitration and unable to
dialog: play. Where's your money go then?
dialog: 26.
text: DEAN FULLER is the real gambler.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, it's already down.
dialog: I'll keep him in class. Why don't
dialog: you give me a call and tell me
dialog: about Villanova. Quid pro quo.
text: JIM moves on and LAMAR, on the phone, watches him pass, with
text: interest, but continues his call.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBERTA’S HOUSE IN BEL AIR. DAY
text: JIM in his car waits for the GATES to open and then spins in
text: under the canopy of trees. It’s one of the more East Coast
text: houses in Bel Air. Let it breath. Jim stops his car, sits for
text: a moment, then gets out, squinting in the California light.
dialog: He notices that:
text: THE FRONT DOOR has been opened by a waiting BUTLER. He walks
text: over to the front door.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Good morning Mister James.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Call me Jim. How’s the weekend.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Crap, sir.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How’d you do on the football?
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Not so good.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It’s going around, brother.
text: He passes through into the shadowed familiar interior.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE CLAY TENNIS COURT. DAY
text: Like the one at Evans’ house. Jim’s mother ROBERTA is playing
text: with DEXTER, who is her coach. JIM is sitting in the high
text: referees chair, a hat down over his eyes, smoking a cigarette
text: and watching the play.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Good, good. That’s great.
dialog: ROBERTA is a good older player. But can’t make the last lob
text: from Dexter. She goes to the net to shake Dexter’s hand.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: I‘1l never beat you, Mister Dexter,
dialog: but if you ever give me a point
dialog: again, I'll fire you.
text: DEXTER, barely sweating, grins and gets it.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Good luck in the finals.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Thank you, ma'am.
text: DEXTER goes to his gear, which is not on the “hospitality”
text: side of the court. He's an employee and Roberta is Roberta.
text: ROBERTA goes to the table at the side near Jim’s chair, and
text: pours herself some ice water from a lemoned pitcher.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: So. Why do you need fifty thousand
dialog: dollars?
text: JIM looks away, not answering.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA (CONT'D)
dialog: I already sent off a sum of money
dialog: to your wife, who hasn’t seen you
dialog: for two months.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: She doesn’t want to see me.
text: He comes down from the chair. He gets some iced water.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Marriage is something they do on
dialog: another planet, Mom. You know that
dialog: as well as I do, right?
text: She looks at him sharply: then lets it go. She wets her face
text: with a napkin dipped in ice water.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: I've never claimed to like her, but
dialog: she needs to effect a legal
dialog: separation, if you’re going to go
dialog: on as you are.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: YOUNG JIM
text: Above him
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Going on as I am is the only thing
dialog: I've got.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: That's sophistical and beneath you,
dialog: which you know as well as I do. I
dialog: think you would agree that
dialog: modifications in your behavior are
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Something being possible doesn't
dialog: make it mandatory.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: I know you’re in some sort
dialog: of...state. I even might know it’s
dialog: quasi-suicidal. I imagine it’s
dialog: connected to what happened to your
dialog: book. You’re not narcissistic
dialog: enough to be putting on a show.
dialog: You’re not an adolescent, you're
dialog: not sick in any way, and we don’t
dialog: even need to say that you’re far
dialog: from stupid. You’re my son, but you
dialog: need to understand very clearly
dialog: that I’ve said goodbye before to
dialog: people that I love.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah, whatever did happen to Dad?
text: holding his breath beneath the water of a pool.
text: at the edge of the pool, through the dancing water,
text: we see a couple (his parents, Roberta and whoever Dad was),
dialog: fighting.
text: She turns on him coldly.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: I've said goodbye to people many,
dialog: many times. And so has every person
text: on earth who lives an orderly and
dialog: sanitary life.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I said goodbye to my wife only
dialog: because I couldn't depend on her to
dialog: say it to me.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: I don’t want to understand the
dialog: nature of your problem. I just want
dialog: you not to have it.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Do you know why you’re looking at
dialog: me like that? Because I just said
dialog: what you would say to someone else.
dialog: He cops to it.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Any money from me from now on goes
dialog: directly to your wife. If I hear
dialog: that you have ever touched a dime
dialog: of it, there won’t be any more.
dialog: Even for them. And if you don’t
dialog: stop gambling, I’1ll cut them off.
dialog: Don't come here for money ever
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thank you.
text: He walks away across the court. She turns away to get more
text: water. DEXTER has packed up. They walk together towards the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry to use you in show and tell
dialog: today. You’re headed for the
dialog: finals, right?
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: Sure the fuck am.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We're all in the finals. It’s the
dialog: end of days, brother. It’s the
text: apocalypse.
text: His mobile rings. Whatever number is on it, he doesn’t
dialog: answer.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBERTA'S HOUSE . DAY
text: JIM drives out of the gates and he notices a car containing
text: BIG ERNIE — a pretty big enforcer dude, but not that big. He
text: gets out of his own car, locks it street-parked, and walks
text: over to BIG ERNIE.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You looking at my mother's house
dialog: for some particular reason?
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: Yeah I'm wondering if she gave you
dialog: any money in it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: I'm from Frank. Let's take a ride.
dialog: JIM gets in and we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EXT BIG ERNIE'S CAR/SANTA MONICA BOULEVARD. DAY
text: They are just driving along, BIG ERNIE saying nothing.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't owe Frank that much, pal,
dialog: and it isn't due. Not even the vig.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: Did you or did you not call and ask
dialog: him for more money.
text: JIM looks over at him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah I did.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: Well, we're gonna go see him about
dialog: that. We got one stop.
text: BIG ERNIE wheels into a crappy motel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL. DAY
text: JIM trails BIG ERNIE along a line of motel doors. BIG ERNIE
text: comes to a door, adjusts his jacket, and knocks hard. It's a
dialog: knock you never want to hear.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Do you practice that?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: Not really but I got a junkie
dialog: girlfriend and it's how I wake her
text: up in the bathroom.
text: The DOOR is opened on its chain, and we have a moment to see
text: the smeared unshaven face of a DEBTOR before BIG ERNIE kicks
text: the door in, breaking THE DEBTOR'S cheek in the process.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM. CONTINUOUS
text: LIGHT blasts into the dark, long-term residence as THE
text: DEBTOR, in wife-beater and underwear, reels back from the
text: door holding his face. In an instant, BIG ERNIE is on to him,
text: beating the living shit out of him on the bed. JIM watches. A
text: regular sequence of right hands straight into the face,
text: smashing spectacles, nose, mouth. THE DEBTOR's face is a
text: ruined mask of blood within seconds. BIG ERNIE drags the guy
text: onto the floor and brings a boot down on a delicate hand. He
text: straightens up, reviews his work. JIM has noticed: CARTOONS
text: silently on TV, TOYS in the corner of the room. He then sees
text: A BOY peeping out of the bathroom door, staring at the ruin
dialog: of his father.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: (to JIM)
dialog: Well that's too bad, but the
dialog: memories may mitigate against some
dialog: pretty shitty genetics.
dialog: (idly handing the
dialog: dumbstruck BOY a $100
dialog: bill on the way out)
dialog: Feel like a schvitz?
scene_heading: INT. SCHVITZ. DAY
text: FRANK, who is basically Sinatra, but bald and Jewish, sits in
text: the steam, slowly shaving his head, as JIM and BIG ERNIE
text: enter, and sit down — JIM less readily than BIG ERNIE, who
text: takes a covering position. JIM sits beside Frank after Frank
text: slaps the tiles.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You have a good time with Big
dialog: Ernie?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He’s not that big.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: They're not talking about his
dialog: jacket, brother.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: With all due respect, I’m not
text: interested in his johnson.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Are you saying I am?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I admit that in this milieu we live
dialog: in, this demi-monde, there is a
dialog: little locker room humor to be
dialog: expected. Locker room anything
dialog: always turns out to be
dialog: fundamentally, in essence,
dialog: homosexual. I mean let's be frank.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: It has been so since the Greeks.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can’t argue with that. You know
dialog: your stuff.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: They used to grease up and have at
dialog: each other. You don’t bet on the
dialog: football, do you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Football’s for homosexuals.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: A friend of mine says that you’re a
dialog: teacher.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m an associate professor at UCLA.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: My daughter’s at The New School.
dialog: Linguistics. Hey, she’s not the
dialog: Barbra Streisand Professor of
dialog: Gender Studies, but it’s a job. We
dialog: all got jobs. Mine's supposedly
dialog: television production. Listen.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm listening...
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The amount of cash you want is more
dialog: than I am ordinarily disposed to
dialog: loan out unless, say, you're a
dialog: medium-sized country with the
dialog: ability to raise taxes under the
text: threat of military force.
text: JIM smiles.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
text: OR, a Eurotrash cokehead who has a
dialog: father who can be squeezed after
text: the kid’s microbudget sci-fi film
text: doesn’t get picked up at Sundance.
dialog: Are you following me?
text: JIM nods, takes it.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: You got family that can be
dialog: squeezed? I’m saying that
dialog: rhetorically.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Let’s deal with this as gentlemen
dialog: who understand each other.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, I need us to treat each other
dialog: like we're not gentlemen and that
dialog: we're very very stupid.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There’s no family. There’s never
dialog: any family.
text: FRANK accepts that.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What do you make, a hundred,
dialog: hundred fifty a year? Two hundred
dialog: before taxes.
text: JIM shrugs.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong with you? You have
dialog: brain damage, some fundamental
dialog: disability? Two hundred is a monk.
text: JIM spreads his hands.
text: JIM nods.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: And you, a monk, owe that Korean
dialog: son of a bitch, the prince of
dialog: fucking darkness, that much right
dialog: now, and then another fifty,
dialog: excluding the vig, to Neville
dialog: Baraka. Who will kill you because
dialog: when you cut cards he got the king
dialog: of spades and you laughed at him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You're pretty well-informed.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You borrowed 50K from a very
dialog: dangerous man after he was already
dialog: going to kill you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah. I did.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Birth, education, intelligence,
dialog: talent, looks, family money, has
dialog: all this been a real comprehensive
dialog: fucking burden for you? I see two
dialog: problems. One, the world at his
dialog: feet, in this town, and he’s a
dialog: fuckin’ monk. Because, apparently,
dialog: fuck it. Two, he wants to die for
dialog: some unspecified personal reason
dialog: and therefore owes money to Korean
dialog: murderers and talks about a
text: schwarzer’s hat in a place where
dialog: you can get killed and they merely
dialog: drop your body up the Angeles
text: Crest. Three, he wants to borrow a
dialog: quarter of a million dollars to pay
dialog: off debts which he will not, in
dialog: fact, pay off because, to go back
text: to point two, he’s suicidal.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Just let me know what you can do
dialog: for me, all right?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: If I help you consolidate these
dialog: debts, so you don't fuck the Korean
dialog: or the schwarzer up the ass, do you
dialog: think that I will be anybody you
dialog: want to fuck up the ass? Am I
dialog: likelier to be fucked up the ass?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Less likely, I imagine.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Listen to me, listen to me, I’m not
dialog: your doctor, I’m not your cognitive
dialog: therapist, but let me be your
dialog: uncle. You have to pay ten percent
dialog: a week—
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know what I have to do.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well, where are you going to get my
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’1ll get your money.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How much you want?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm three hundred and twenty five
dialog: thousand all in, disregarding that
dialog: I'm five months behind on my
dialog: mortgage.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: When’s the last time you ever had
dialog: money in your hand to pay a debt,
dialog: and paid it?
text: JIM starts to speak. FRANK raises his hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t fuck with me. This will be
dialog: your first time when you pay. Am I
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You're right.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We're not done. I need something
dialog: from you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Collateral...what....
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, I need you to say to me “I need
dialog: this money because I’m a scumbag
dialog: gambler”. “I’m a scumbag gambler
text: who takes food out of the mouths of
dialog: my wife and child. That’s the kind
dialog: of man I am, Frank, and I want you
dialog: to loan me, a dying suicidal
dialog: asshole, a lot of money”.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That’s too much to remember, to
dialog: repeat it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Lets make it simpler. I know you're
dialog: not a gambler. You're doing
dialog: something more complicated that
dialog: manifests itself as gambling, but I
dialog: don't have any other frame of
dialog: reference. I've got money, you want
dialog: it. If you want the money, you tell
dialog: me “I am not a man”.
text: JIM sits. He doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Say it. Say “I am not a man”.
dialog: We don't know whether Jim is going to say it or not and we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UCLA CLASSROOM. DAY
text: Students are filing out and JIM is collecting his papers and
text: putting them into his briefcase. On the blackboard we see
text: that he has written "HCE=Here Comes Everybody". He looks up
text: and AMY is standing and looking at him. They look at each
text: other for a long time. Then he extends a palm. She sits down
text: in the chair. That he is in love with her is painfully
text: obvious. That she is in love with him is apparent. It’s one
dialog: of those times when you know you could cross the room. He
text: smiles, and then doesn’t. He looks at the ceiling. Another
dialog: moment.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Did you mean what you said? About
dialog: me having talent.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I said what I said. Is there
dialog: something you don’t get about “A
dialog: plus plus plus, See Me?” on every
text: JIM concedes it.
dialog: He stares
dialog: paper?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Then you never “see me” as a matter
dialog: of fact.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah well I was busy and also...I
dialog: didn't want to see you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Because I’ve seen you...
text: at her.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: In your other life.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It's not another life. Anybody can
dialog: see me, not see me, I don't care.
text: There's nothing to look at. There's
dialog: nothing that's going on except that
dialog: I can't see you privately.
dialog: She gets it.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There it is. I don't know how to
dialog: lie, so I can't talk to you.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: If you're talking about having a
dialog: cup of coffee or something, half
dialog: the faculty...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm not half the faculty and I
dialog: don't have a social life or a
dialog: personal life, and I don't have
dialog: coffee.
dialog: 38.
text: She rummages in her bag and throws his NOVEL on his desk. He
text: looks down at it.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Would you sign that for me please?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can't.
text: She starts to go.
dialog: She does.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Please sit down.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: If I've done you any good,
dialog: accidentally by just telling the
dialog: truth because I can't help it, I'm
dialog: glad, but I’m a contaminated,
dialog: suicidal fuck-up and I'm not
text: hurting another person on the face
dialog: of the earth.
text: She indicates the novel.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I want you to sign that.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Absolutely not.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I want you to fucking sign it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Trust me, I’m not being dramatic,
dialog: but that...
text: He pushes the book away...
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: ...was somebody else. Who thought
dialog: other things. Who lived ina
dialog: different world. I cannot and will
dialog: not sign it.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You are being dramatic. Which is
dialog: not surprising since the novel is
dialog: ok but you're basically a
dialog: dramatist.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Probably but who gives a fuck.
text: Putting the book in her bag:
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I didn't get to college until I was
dialog: twenty five because my father died
dialog: of cancer and my mother was a
dialog: drunk, I'm an older undergraduate
dialog: and I want to go to a restaurant.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There’s a whole bunch of things I
dialog: don’t do any more. That’s kind of
dialog: up there.
dialog: Long silence.
text: When he looks up, she is gone. JIM picks up a PEN, looks at
text: it, and then violently smashes its point on the metal desk.
text: INK is all over his hand like blood and he looks at it.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM’S HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. DAY
text: It’s a treehouse shack, termite-eaten, a divorcee’s hut.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. DAY
text: JIM sits with a towel wrapped around him at the kitchen
text: table, drinking coffee and staring into space. He looks at a
text: pile of PAPERS, loses interest. His phone rings, vibrating on
text: the yellow linoleum of the 1950s table.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Guy with no money speaking, how may
dialog: I direct your call?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I’m reading your book.
dialog: And he is:
text: INTERCUT NEVILLE lying on an Empire daybed in a fantastical
dialog: boudoir.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah? I just had a bit of a
dialog: conversation about it.
text: Long beat. Pages turn.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: It’s not bad.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: If you want to get into producing.
dialog: There’s only about a hundred grand
dialog: against it at Warner Brothers. Good
dialog: script. I know the guy who did it.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: It’s an indie if anything.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That’s what they thought.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I hear you went to Little Frank for
dialog: money and that he wouldn’t loan it
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well you heard wrong because he did
dialog: try to loan it to me, and I didn’t
dialog: take it.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You didn’t like the terms?
text: And this, as we come around on Jim, is Jim’s shred of hope in
dialog: himself, however casually he says it:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, the terms were unacceptable.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: But you’re into me. I ain’t Fannie
dialog: Mae. Ain’t no bailouts.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why did you loan me the money?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
text: A gamble between two players who
dialog: like to play. You and me. Stakes
dialog: high. You know the time frame. Tick
dialog: tick tock.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: This could be good for you,
dialog: brother, as a man who needs to come
dialog: to his senses, but either way, you
dialog: owe me. Peace out.
text: JIM hangs up, sits for a while, and then dials a number.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I want Villanova tonight by twenty
dialog: points.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A MARINA. DAY
text: A mahogany yacht from the 1930s is swarming with its
text: uniformed crew. On the rear deck an old man in a wheelchair
text: sits like a lizard in the sun. It is Jim’s grandfather, ED.
text: Ed is not only on an IV for hydration, a bag attached to the
text: wheelchair receives an occasional trickle of money-colored
text: BILE. JIM is looking: a sudden increase in the bile.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (a broad swamp Yankee
dialog: accent)
dialog: I drink a ginger ale, it comes
dialog: right out. Look at that. But I
dialog: still like the taste of it. I like
dialog: it here, too. I ain’t going
dialog: anywhere until they come and get
dialog: me. I used to take this boat to
dialog: French Polynesia. Other places.
dialog: Everywhere. They say they'll do my
dialog: ashes...
text: Throwing gestures at the water...
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: So I can travel. But I don't buy
dialog: it. I have a daughter. She'll get
dialog: me in a box no matter what I write
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Do you know who I am?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: You're my Jim.
dialog: 42.
text: JIM has to put his sunglasses on.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
text: A YOUNGER JIM than the boy in the pool, sitting on a YOUNGER
text: ED'S lap and "driving" a big vintage Bentley car round and
text: round the driveway at what is now Roberta's house.
text: JIM surfaces as ED grabs his steward by the white-coated arm.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: This is my grandson, Jim.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: (disapproving)
dialog: I have met your grandson many
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to STEWARD)
dialog: He said I could use the boat,
dialog: brother. If you’re not careful I’11l
dialog: use it again, and bring more
dialog: Mexicans.
text: The STEWARD, who is Mexican, grimaces politely and fucks off.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: He doesn’t like Mexicans, and he's
dialog: a Mexican. I can’t figure it out.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Takes all kinds. Writing anything?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That’s all done.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Well I won’t waste time calling it
dialog: your prime of life.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, I wouldn't bother doing that.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Just be around to bury me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I will be.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Not to get the money because you
dialog: won’t. That’s our deal.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I remember it.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Nothing is the best thing I can
dialog: give you. I don’t care about the
dialog: other sons of bitches, they can
dialog: have the money. They need it,
dialog: because without it they are zero.
dialog: With you...the best thing I can
dialog: give you is zero. Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm here.
text: JIM stares through his sunglasses.
speaker_heading: JIM looks
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I told your mother the other day
dialog: that I’d just been playing cards
dialog: with my sister on a porch in
text: Connecticut in a lightning storm.
dialog: Your mother convinced me otherwise.
dialog: She told me my sister is dead.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: She would.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: How do you be a writer when your
dialog: mother is a writer is what I want
dialog: to know.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You don’t. The situation is very
text: nearly Greek.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Anybody ever wrote about you it
dialog: would be half about her. No wonder
dialog: you said fuck it.
text: at the old man with great appreciation.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: However, you come into this from
dialog: nothing. You go back into nothing
dialog: from this. So in between, you have
dialog: to do what you have to do. It's the
dialog: only time you got to do it. Wanted
dialog: to write down what I remember. Too
dialog: late. Can't do it now. Why I
dialog: married your grandmother.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Tell me what you remember.
dialog: ED thinks.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: She said “Edward unless you stop
dialog: dissipating yourself and get your
dialog: elephants to Croydon I am marrying
dialog: Frederick Sitwell Three.” Well I
dialog: couldn’t stand the thought of that.
dialog: I wasn’t going to let Fred Sitwell
dialog: to get anything. How many of us
dialog: succeed not because we want what we
dialog: get but because we can’t be seen to
dialog: lose? You sit there right now
dialog: because I hated Fred Sitwell. Male
dialog: behavior. Is what it is. Ladies
dialog: different. Long study of subject.
dialog: Been at it a hundred years now.
dialog: First man to build a bridge, know
dialog: what his wife said to him?
text: JIM shakes his head, smiling.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: “What are you, too lazy to row?”
text: JIM laughs.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: So because I was a jackass who had
dialog: to defeat another jackass in combat
dialog: there I was married almost seventy
text: years to a woman who by and large
dialog: only gave me a hard time. Got my
dialog: elephants to Croydon, though.
text: Computers then were cards. Holes in
dialog: cards. Never understood it. Said I
dialog: did. Invested in it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Did you ever gamble?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No. Gambling is synthetic
dialog: experience. Cowards do it.
text: JIM gets it. And the GRANDFATHER, now looking up, isn’t as
dialog: senile as he may have seemed.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: There have been some calls at the
text: office, Jim. Even on the boat.
dialog: 45.
text: THE STEWARD is glaring from the companionway.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What sort of calls.
text: ED looks off into the marine haze.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Doesn’t matter. Whoever’s after
dialog: you, you’re on your own. You'll get
dialog: out of it or you won't.
text: They sit there.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: You want something to eat?
scene_heading: EXT. JIM’S STREET. HILLS. DAY
text: His BMW is being hooked up by a tow truck by guys with
text: tattoos and weird hair and is dragged off in a cloud of
text: diesel smoke.
text: JIM, in a bathrobe, watches from the door. He looks across at
text: a NEIGHBOR, a regular middle class retired person, who is
text: standing with a dribbling hose.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Safe is easy. You keep at it. For
dialog: all of us.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE. BATHROOM. LATER
text: Jim is in the bath eating cereal and watching a college
text: basketball game. UCLA. A small boxy TV is balanced on a
text: chair. In many of the shots we see, repeatedly, and we’re in
text: very close, LAMAR, his student and UCLA star.
dialog: ON JIM'S face:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh, don't do that.
text: We hear a ref's whistle and a roar of disapproval.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: You know with some people like
dialog: Adrian Mueller you just don't know
dialog: what their problem is. He fouls
dialog: when he has no reason whatsoever to
dialog: foul.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, either he can't help it,
text: Chuck, or he could, but doesn't.
dialog: You be the judge.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S PORCH. DAY
text: ROBERTA comes up from her car, up the walk, and knocks on the
text: door. No answer. She finds it unlocked and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE BATHROOM. DAY
text: JIM spoons cereal and milk, watching. The game. He looks up
text: to see: ROBERTA, dressed to the nines, looking at him.
text: ROBERTA reaches out a foot in Manolo Blahnik and pushes the
text: TV off the chair — there is an explosion of cathode tube, off
text: — and then sits down on the chair.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: You always said you lost interest
dialog: in sports after you stopped playing
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I did.
text: ROBERTA leaves the room and JIM, after sitting for a moment,
text: begins to get out of the bath. His feet avoid the broken
text: glass and he whips the TV plug out of the wall.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S LIVING ROOM. DAY
text: ROBERTA is sitting agitatedly in a chair. JIM comes in, in
text: his bathrobe, and immediately switches on the same game on
text: the wall unit.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: You have money on this game?
text: JIM doesn’t answer. He looks back at the screen. LAMAR sinks
text: a three-pointer.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He’s in my class.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: Is he good at English?
text: JIM thinks, weighs it, and then says:
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: Do you really want to be a man who
dialog: goes to his mother to cover
dialog: gambling debts?
text: JIM thinks about it. He's in, if he plays it right.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA (CONT'D)
dialog: That you don’t want to live with
dialog: your wife, I accept. You never
dialog: should have married her. Why did
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Because the odds weren’t good.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: How bad is the trouble you're in.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m always in trouble.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: I mean: do you still need the
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: I don’t know when to believe you
dialog: anymore.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Perhaps I should believe the
dialog: gangster that called my house.
text: JIM after a complex look at his mother reaches for a pad of
text: paper and writes on it and folds it and hands it to her.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What I owe.
text: She opens it and reads.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: (trembling with rage;
dialog: getting up)
dialog: How is that possible?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It was the same as marriage. I
dialog: gambled, I lost.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: Marriage is in the real world. It’s
dialog: not a game of chance.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Now you're talking crazy.
text: He eats cereal again.
speaker_heading: JIM looks
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: What will they do to you if you
dialog: don’t pay?
text: at her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Break every bone in my body. Or go
dialog: after the family.
text: ROBERTA whacks him across the face. JIM takes it.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: This isn't something you can't
dialog: help. You're doing it on purpose.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There’s going to be a time when I
dialog: want something again. When I won’t
dialog: allow myself to be seen in this
dialog: condition. But it isn’t now, and it
dialog: isn’t up to you or anything you or
dialog: anybody says.
text: She sits holding the paper. Then:
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: Are you degraded enough to go to
dialog: the bank with your mother?
scene_heading: INT. A BANK CUBICLE. DAY
text: JIM and ROBERTA are seated. Jim’s dignity is somewhat covered
text: by sunglasses as he sits beside his mother.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: I wish to withdraw three hundred
dialog: and twenty-five thousand dollars in
dialog: cash.
dialog: 49,
text: THE BANKER looks up.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish to withdraw three hundred
dialog: and twenty-five thousand dollars in
dialog: cash.
text: THE BANKER looks from ROBERTA to JIM and back to ROBERTA.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: In cases like this...I have to ask
dialog: if everything is all right.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: Nothing’s “all right” when someone
dialog: needs that sort of money in cash,
dialog: but it’s my money and it’s none of
dialog: your business.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: (to JIM)
dialog: Are you a relation?
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: This is my son.
text: THE BANKER takes this on.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Are you implying she’s under duress
dialog: or something?
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: (not to be fucked with)
dialog: Should I?
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: The money’s mine, there’s plenty of
dialog: it, and please don’t tell me even
dialog: once that your bullshit is for my
dialog: own protection. That is understood.
dialog: You have a withdrawal slip, you
dialog: have my ID, I have sufficient
dialog: funds, my family has been with this
dialog: bank since my father started it and
dialog: I need three hundred and twenty-
dialog: five thousand dollars in cash.
text: THE BANKER goes onto her computer.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: You're absolutely sure you want it
dialog: in cash?
scene_heading: EXT. BANK.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: Cash.
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: I need to get the ok of another
dialog: officer.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: (face burning)
dialog: Do what you have to do.
speaker_heading: DUSK
text: ROBERTA, shaking with rage, holds the big yellow envelope of
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA
dialog: This is the last of it, forever.
text: JIM is looking around at the city, as if he's not really
dialog: there.
text: JIM nods.
speaker_heading: JIM looks
speaker_heading: ROBERTA (CONT'D)
dialog: If I ever have to feel the effect
dialog: of your problems again, be they
dialog: made up or real, or pay the
dialog: consequences of your foolishness. I
dialog: will never see you again. Do you
dialog: understand that.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: I need you to really...fucking..
dialog: understand that. And I need you to
dialog: feel like something not even human
dialog: when you take this envelope. Am I
text: just a barking dog in a silent
dialog: film? What the fuck am I to you?
text: at her.
speaker_heading: ROBERTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you even give a damn or do you
dialog: just want to take the money. Do you
dialog: want to just take the money and go?
dialog: Even if I say goodbye to you and
dialog: consider it cheap to be rid of you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I want to take the money and go.
dialog: 51.
text: She drops the envelope on the ground. JIM picks up the
text: envelope. ROBERTA puts her face in her hands. Then, tough old
text: bird, she recovers herself, and races off towards her LIVERY
speaker_heading: CAR.
text: WE now are watching this departure, JIM holding the money,
text: and Roberta pulling away in the back seat of her town car,
text: from the POV of a car down the street. AS JIM begins to walk,
text: the car is put into gear, and begins to move slowly.
scene_heading: INT. A CAB. NIGHT
text: JIM, the yellow envelope on his lap, is driving through
text: Koreatown. He passes a dubious doorway of a building
text: containing a Korean grocery that is not really a grocery (the
dialog: first layer of deceptive businesses that conceal the gambling
text: establishment). There are black cars parked in front of it, a
text: knot of KOREAN HEAVIES smoking cigarettes on the sidewalk.
text: JIM is agitated. He’s struggling and losing. There is a
dialog: reason he doesn't want to pay.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (talking to himself, more
dialog: than the driver)
dialog: No no no. I don’t want to go here
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: This is what you said.
text: KOREAN HEAVIES, who we recognize, have recognized JIM in the
text: back of the erratic cab.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: It's not time yet. It's not time.
dialog: Drive. I told you to fuckin' drive.
text: He sits back.
text: He looks at the yellow envelope on the seat beside him. Then
dialog: forward.
text: THE KOREAN HEAVIES stare after the CAB, one of them walking
text: into the road.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM’S WIFE'S HOUSE. DAY
text: The CAB drives away.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE AND HOUSE. DAY. VARIOUS
text: JIM, holding his envelope, notes that the car is gone. He
text: looks at the STROLLER in the corner, BEACH BAG, other objects
text: recognizable from previous life.
text: He uses a key on the interior door and after getting in
text: disarms the ADT alarm. He looks around the kitchen, the high
text: chair at the table, the washed-up bottles by the sink. He
text: sits down at the table and with a finger turns around the
text: baby’s placemat: it is a brightly colored map of the world.
text: He turns it back to where it was.
text: He goes and looks at the things stuck to the refrigerator:
text: baby pictures, but nothing of Jim. He clutches the ENVELOPE
dialog: full of money.
text: He continues through the house. He regards the LIVING ROOM.
text: He opens a door into what used to be his STUDY and sees that
text: the shelves are empty and the BOOKS are half put into cartons
text: and half stacked on the floor by the door.
text: There is no desk, merely four indents in the carpet where the
dialog: desk legs used to be.
text: He takes that on: he moves along to look into the bedroom. A
text: crib with a mobile, the baby’s things. He goes along and
text: looks into the other bedroom, and when he switches on the
text: light stands there with head cocked, looking at:
speaker_heading: JIM'S POV:
text: A man’s boots, a rumpled bed, two water bottles and a wine
text: glass on the night stand. He goes into the bathroom and sees:
text: a leather bag of shaving tackle. Not his. He sorts through
text: the toilet kit and finds condoms, and, oddly, Rogaine
dialog: packets.
text: He leans against the wall and stays there, head back, eyes
text: closed, holding his crinkling envelope of money.
text: From OFF we hear two car doors slam close. JIM pushes off the
text: wall, and heads slowly back towards the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. DAY
text: JIM'S WIFE has put the baby in the high chair and is putting
text: groceries away. She turns, startled, and stares. JIM stands
text: in the doorway.
text: JIM ignores his wife, and goes and looks at the baby. The
text: BABY knows him: smiles, three teeth only, and those on the
dialog: bottom.
dialog: 53.
text: JIM holds out his finger and the baby takes it.
text: JIM's wife, palms on the counter, has begun to cry.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well. We can’t really make anything
dialog: you could call a plan. I can’t say
text: have him with his hat on at the
dialog: door on Friday. It’s just not like
dialog: that. The house is yours. I don’t
dialog: care what you do in it.
text: He looks at the baby.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I pick him up?
text: She looks at him and nods. JIM picks up the baby.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, buddy, at least you’re
dialog: somebody's great-grandson. Exeter,
dialog: Harvard, and then you’re on your
dialog: own. My father fucked up. I fucked
dialog: up.
dialog: (to wife)
dialog: When do we tell him that his
dialog: paternal grandfather shot himself
dialog: because he was married to my
dialog: mother?
speaker_heading: JIM'S WIFE
dialog: I don’t think you should be here.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well who should be here? Mister
dialog: Rogaine? This is my child’s house.
speaker_heading: JIM'S WIFE
dialog: You don’t get to say whose house it
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There’s a male thing. You have to
dialog: kind of fight it. It’s this thing
dialog: called “I don’t want her but you
dialog: can’t have her.” It’s responsible
dialog: for quite a few marriages and most
dialog: anniversaries. So I’m kinda taking
dialog: that on — that, and that closet
dialog: full of shitty suits. What is he
dialog: some kind of salesman? A fucking
dialog: salesman?
dialog: 54.
text: Furiously blushing:
speaker_heading: JIM'S WIFE
dialog: He’s not a salesman. He’s in
dialog: marketing...
text: Realizing that’s the same thing, as JIM smiles:
speaker_heading: JIM'S WIFE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck you. Some people are just
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I realize you might need some
dialog: company around here but I’m
text: disturbed at the stepfather idea.
speaker_heading: JIM'S WIFE
dialog: Really? Enough to come home?
text: It's real, too. JIM sits.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can’t come home.
speaker_heading: JIM'S WIFE
dialog: Why can’t you come home?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh, Telemachus here isn’t ready and
text: Ithaca has a new king.
speaker_heading: JIM'S WIFE
dialog: There’s no new “king”. Please don’t
dialog: make more of it...more of it
dialog: than...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why's his stuff in here? No, I
dialog: don't care.
text: (he suddenly attempts to
dialog: hold her)
dialog: I’m tired. I’m tired.
speaker_heading: JIM'S WIFE
dialog: Tired?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (holding her)
dialog: I always was the golden boy. I very
dialog: badly needed to fuck up. Do you
dialog: understand?
text: She just looks at him. He slaps the ENVELOPE in his hands.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I also really needed to see some
dialog: asshole’s suits in the closet. I
dialog: really did.
text: He looks at the BABY as if it is a complete enigma.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: The one you're carrying now. It's
dialog: not mine, is it.
text: She shakes her head and begins to cry. JIM leaves the
text: kitchen. He stops to kiss the baby on the head.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: But you are, buddy. You are.
scene_heading: EXT. A BOULEVARD. DAY
text: JIM, like a poor man, or a DUI case, sits at a bus stop. A
text: BUS comes along.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S OFFICE. DAY
text: QUICK SHOT of him putting the ENVELOPE into his metal desk
text: drawer and turning the key.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. DAY
text: A CAR pulls up, containing TWO KOREAN GUYS, the heavies who
text: saw Jim earlier that day. They look at the house through
text: their sunglasses. One gets out and goes up to the door and
text: knocks.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S MODERN NOVEL CLASSROOM. DAY
text: The same classroom, but a seminar-sized class for very basic
text: "Modern Novel" go-through with people not so good at English.
text: LAMAR, long legs stretched, sits texting on his phone. He is
dialog: the basketball player we saw on Jim’s TV.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: In The Stranger, Camus’ protagonist
text: fires five shots. The sixth shot of
text: the revolver, he is reserving,
text: symbolically, for himself. Noticing
dialog: that that lack of a sixth shot,
dialog: which no one else ever had, is why
dialog: I’m here now.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Along with the being really fucking
dialog: good at English thing.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Maybe the dude had the hammer down
text: on an empty chamber or it was a
dialog: weird French piece that only took
dialog: five.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: My idea works better if he has a
dialog: full six.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: I don’t understand suicide.
dialog: JIM seizes on this. Really? Really?
text: A hand is
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That’s because you’re happy.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: What are you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m teaching the Modern Novel.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: You got the new Ml. How you
dialog: unhappy?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (to Lamar)
dialog: It got repossessed.
dialog: (to class)
dialog: You know I used to do some
dialog: journalism and I was sent by a
dialog: magazine, The New Yorker, as a
dialog: matter of fact, to interview a
dialog: famous writer. I put the recorder
dialog: on the table, I got my pad and pen
text: out, and the great man came in and
dialog: do you know what I did? I got up
dialog: and left and I went home and
text: finished a novel instead. Sort of a
dialog: Frank Sitwell situation...
dialog: raised.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Who is Frank Sitwell?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: A major figure in American realism.
dialog: You know, we really should have
dialog: gone for American realism. I mean,
dialog: let's have more fuckin’ realism. I
dialog: mean, shouldn’t I be teaching you
dialog: things? I know all you're here for
dialog: is a sufficiency of English
dialog: credits, but Jesus if I’m here I
dialog: ought to be doing better. I ought
dialog: to be doing better but I can’t be
dialog: fucked. Just write down that he
text: saves the sixth shot symbolically
dialog: for himself, and you won’t find it
dialog: referenced anywhere because I’m the
dialog: only one who thought of it. It’s in
dialog: a monograph somewhere that got me
dialog: into this situation.
text: LAMAR watches: is the teacher cracking up? But then he gets a
text: text and looks at it.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Lamar, we talked about the cell
dialog: phone shit.
text: LAMAR looks up from the screen. And as the bell goes:
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay after.
scene_heading: EXT. A PRACTICE COURT. DAY
text: JIM chucks the ball to LAMAR, who is shooting hoops over and
text: over from the foul line.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Do I have to get ten guys and some
dialog: weapons, take out a life insurance
dialog: policy, and try to put that phone
dialog: up your ass? Because I will. Even
dialog: if I’m losing my shit in here I
dialog: need you to pay attention.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: You're not the only one losing his
dialog: shit. I have stuff going on at
dialog: home, home things.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Like what.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: I was gonna talk to you anyway. I
dialog: can’t talk to anybody over there.
text: Gestures vaguely at the invisible Athletic Department.
speaker_heading: LAMAR (CONT'D)
dialog: Because all they say is what keeps
dialog: me in line for what they want me to
dialog: be. Which is “Lamar” and I don’t
dialog: want to be “Lamar”. I done all that
dialog: just want to be a fuckin’ dude in
dialog: the universe. Or do more than being
dialog: “Lamar”. Do you follow me?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Maybe I know all about it.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Fuckin’ coach don’t know it, but
dialog: there is more than being “Lamar”. I
dialog: stick with this shit I’1l go out of
dialog: my mind, be one of those brothers
dialog: talks about himself in the third
dialog: person. Talk about how Lamar
text: Hampton is at ease with his
dialog: celebrity.
text: JIM smiles.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: LAMAR (CONT'D)
dialog: You think I’m stupid?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nope. I just know you can’t write
dialog: the way you think and so do you.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Yeah. I'm thinking about the voice
dialog: recognition.
speaker_heading: LAMAR (CONT'D)
dialog: You know I can't be anything else
dialog: cause they got me in a box where
dialog: they want me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Trapped by talent. Imagine that.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: You know with you it's all
dialog: existential situations and shit no
dialog: matter what you start talking
dialog: about. No matter what you start
dialog: talking about you come around to be
dialog: free or not free. How to be
dialog: yourself or just fuckin’ kill
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Is that what I talk about? All or
dialog: nothing?
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: I never heard you talk about
dialog: anything else and I had four
dialog: classes with you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Maybe you got me.
text: JIM goes and sits down. Lamar lofts one and sinks it. He
text: comes and sits beside JIM.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: I need to go pro.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don’t think you’re gonna have any
dialog: trouble, Lamar.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: I don’t mean later, I mean now. I
dialog: already got a knee. Nobody knows
dialog: about it cause I don’t say anything
dialog: but I already got a knee. I’m not
dialog: gonna tell you my mom needs an
dialog: operation or my little sister got
dialog: spina bifida, and I’m not gonna
dialog: tell you I don’t already revenue up
dialog: within the system, but I’m telling
dialog: you I got a knee. I got a knee, I’m
dialog: a junior, and whenever I say I
dialog: don’t want to play college ball my
dialog: senior year nobody listens to me,
dialog: it’s like I’m speaking fucking
dialog: Chinese on another fuckin planet,
dialog: and the agent tells me I don’t have
dialog: the market value I will have if I
dialog: play out my senior year, but what
dialog: he doesn’t know, is that I have a
dialog: knee.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You have it looked at away from the
dialog: department?
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Yeah.
text: JONES comes in, arriving with some other faculty to play
text: hoops. He pauses interrogatively.
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: (to JONES)
dialog: Work out, don't work out, you're
dialog: still gonna die. You do know that,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: (to LAMAR)
dialog: You have my cell. Call me if you
dialog: want to talk or if you want to tell
dialog: me what the fuck to do cause I
dialog: don’t know either.
text: As he passes JONES, who is tightening his laces.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Everything all right?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don’t want to be me, he doesn’t
dialog: want to be him, but you want to be
dialog: you. And, on the whole, that bears
text: some serious consideration.
text: JONES stares after him for a minute, then loses interest and
text: continues tying his shoes.
scene_heading: EXT. UCLA CAMPUS. DAY
text: JIM is walking towards the road and comes to a BUS STOP,
text: holding the SATCHEL with the money in it. He has sat down
text: with domestic workers when an elderly VW RABBIT pulls up, and
text: the passenger door opens, an invitation for a ride. AMY is
text: looking at him from inside the car.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: If I have to draw you into an
dialog: inappropriate relationship, to get
dialog: you out of this job, I’m ready to
dialog: do it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: So am I.
dialog: 61.
text: AMY gets in and clears a mess of books and papers and water
text: bottles off the passenger seat, looking up at JIM cautiously.
text: JIM gets in. They look at each other cautiously.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Well all right.
text: JIM stares at the floor, into space, and then asks her:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Is today Friday?
text: She nods. They look at each other some more.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: You’ve seen me. You know what I do.
text: AMY nods, nervously.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it ok if I say that if anybody's
dialog: gonna change me, that may be
dialog: possible and it may be you, but
dialog: it’s not going to be today?
text: AMY nods.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: And that's ok with you?
text: AMY nods.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: JIM
text: A casino.
scene_heading: EXT. A PARKING LOT. DAY
text: We see AMY’S CAR in an ocean of not expensive cars and then
text: reveal an Indian casino near Palm Springs, wavering in the
text: desert heat.
scene_heading: INT. THE CASINO. DAY. VARIOUS
text: NEAR-DERELICT, NOT GOOD-LOOKING, POOR PEOPLE are feverishly
text: gambling at the chump games. Slots. Bingo.
dialog: 62.
text: JIM, with the stunned AMY by the arm, conducts her past and
text: through MORE GAMBLERS: fucked guys in cowboy hats, ladies
text: with coin buckets and oxygen hoses, fat people in structural
text: wheelchairs, enormously fat freeform waddlers in stretch
text: pants. Jim is jubilant. AMY is having a good time.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: There’s something wrong with
dialog: everybody here. They all ought to
dialog: be in the hospital.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's right. But they’re not. The
dialog: Man wants you to be in the
dialog: hospital.
text: AMY laughs.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: These people are goddamned
dialog: Americans making a major stand for
dialog: freedom of choice. For autonomy.
text: (noting a WALKING FRAME
scene_heading: COUPLE, ONE WITH AN
speaker_heading: OXYGEN BACKPACK)
dialog: Well, assisted autonomy.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Stop it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (rounding on her
dialog: seriously)
dialog: This is the inside of my soul, kid:
dialog: you're taking the grand tour: this
dialog: is what I've got.
text: AMY is suddenly frightened.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah, well. Maybe not. At least I'm
dialog: gonna get rid of my mother.
text: They pass on, JIM carrying his SATCHEL.
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACKJACK TABLE. DAY
text: JIM, AMY beside and behind him, sits down beside a drunk
text: RANCHERO, who eyes his chips.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: RANCHERO
dialog: How far you going, man?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Far as it goes, buddy.
speaker_heading: RANCHERO
dialog: I go about as far as that seat on
dialog: the other side of you man.
text: Meaning the seat in which Amy is sitting.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Save it for the old lady, cowboy.
text: The RANCHERO drinks his longneck, laughing. JIM puts chips in
text: and as AMY watches, the game begins.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: That’s five hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes it is. You a dealer or an
dialog: investment counselor.
text: A JACK. A deuce. JIM indicates: hit me.
text: He loses. He looks at AMY. Then he holds out the ROOM KEY.
text: She takes it.
text: He turns back to the table.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO. VARIOUS
text: Move onto a MONTAGE of JIM gambling, at everything, with
text: everything...and end with him seeing the last of it go.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JOSHUA TREE INN. DAY
text: The place where Gram Parsons died. Out back there is a pool,
text: not very well maintained. JIM and AMY are sitting together on
text: chaise-lounges, the only guests there, a fountain trickling
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: When you say "everything", that you
dialog: lost everything, what are you
dialog: talking about?
text: JIM looks over at her.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I started with three hundred and
dialog: twenty-five thousand dollars, but
dialog: in total I lost about five hundred
dialog: thousand...I lost track.
text: She can't comprehend it. While she is still trying to
dialog: process:
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's go to the desert.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: -..-We are in the desert...
text: As he takes her by the hand and pulls her to her feet we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT AT JOSHUA TREE. DAY
text: A HUGE SHOT OF THE DESERT.
text: Wind, deviled dust.
text: JIM wakes in the shadow of a boulder, lying on a blanket. He
text: sits up.
text: Amy is nowhere to be seen.
text: JIM grabs water and walks a little way out into the desert.
text: Giant rock formations all around, looking like human faces,
dialog: like Gods.
text: He comes to a little hill and sits on it looking down across
text: a plain. The moment seems to be biblical. JIM, face whitened
text: by dust, stares into himself, using the desert as a mirror.
text: Amy sits down beside him and he doesn’t react.
text: Then after a moment he puts an arm around her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I was in Morocco once and the
dialog: muzzein was going and the palms...
text: a wind came up and they rattled and
dialog: I thought, you know, I hope that
dialog: isn’t god. Because if god existed I
dialog: couldn’t deal with the humiliation.
dialog: No one needs that class of
dialog: competition.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatever Descartes says, game’s
dialog: over, if there’s a god. There’s no
dialog: game if there’s a god.
text: He looks at her.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know that I’m not a gambler?
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you know that if you saw me
dialog: with a needle in my arm that I’m
dialog: not a junkie?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yes. I saw you being a professor
dialog: for three years and we know you’re
dialog: not one of those, either. What you
dialog: are is all yours. You're the
dialog: perfect example of how a person can
dialog: start out with no problems
dialog: whatsoever and make sure he has all
dialog: of them.
text: JIM looks around at the desert, getting it.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm pretty sure that's your
dialog: intention.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There's no relative degree of
dialog: suffering. You want me to talk
dialog: about my "problems"? My case for
dialog: them? I won't. I don't like people
dialog: with problems or the vanity to
dialog: bring them up. That's where I'm
dialog: from. I'm like...
text: He realizes it.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: ...my mother.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Whether I'm like my father or not,
dialog: I couldn't tell you, because she
dialog: drove him out when I was little.
dialog: Like I did with...
text: He stands up abruptly.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: And you think you don't need anyone
dialog: to talk to?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I need a lot of things. I gotta
dialog: wipe myself out first. I need to
dialog: have no past. If I can get to
dialog: nothing, then I can start.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don't think that you remember all
dialog: the things that you say or that
dialog: people remember them. In class you
dialog: said, Life's short, get on with it,
dialog: and always do the right thing,
dialog: that's all there is to it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I did?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Pretty simple, but right on the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I say lots of things. My main
dialog: position is that anyone who says
dialog: they know what life is is full of
dialog: shit, especially me. And even if
dialog: I've done you any good, I'm still
dialog: contaminated, until I'm clean.
text: He gets up and wanders away into the mid-distance, AMY
text: watching him.
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR. CONTINUOUS
text: JIM'S DUCT-TAPED CELLPHONE rings. We stay on the PHONE as it
text: rings and rings. AMY opens the door and reaches for it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DAY
text: JIM looks around, and sees AMY walking towards him with the
text: phone. He starts towards her as if he knows very what it
dialog: means.
scene_heading: INT. A PRIVATE HOSPITAL ROOM. NIGHT
text: ED'S TRICKLING BAG is still filled with bile, but ED himself
text: is unconscious. Mere days have done him in. JIM sits beside
text: his bed in the room. ED comes awake, suddenly: and looks
text: around in wonder. He finally focusses on JIM.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You and me are gonna be straight
dialog: that I've had it. Everybody else is
text: full of baloney.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm gonna miss you.
text: ED looks at the acoustic tiled ceiling.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Fuck that. I won't know about that.
dialog: I need to know what you're worth
dialog: when I leave you with nothing. What
dialog: I need to know is that you'll do me
dialog: proud. You're me, if you'll have
dialog: it. You're all that I've got that's
dialog: anything like me.
text: JIM can't handle this. ED grabs his shirtsleeve.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey, asshole. If you think life is
dialog: difficult you should try this.
text: JIM and his grandfather laugh.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Not as sorry as I am. I think that
dialog: nurse took my wallet and I've had
dialog: the same money in it for ten years.
dialog: What are you gonna do for me, Jim?
dialog: My Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'll do the best I can.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You're on your own. That's the
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know it.
dialog: 68.
text: ED extends his hand to shake. JIM takes his grandfather's
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm worried about that nurse. But I
dialog: don't think I'm gonna need my
dialog: drivers licence. Do you?
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR. DAY
text: JIM, coming out of the room, meets his mother, ready to go
text: in. They look at each other. ROBERTA goes into the room, and
text: JIM goes off along the corridor.
scene_heading: ON BLACK WE HEAR:
speaker_heading: ED'S VOICE
dialog: Funny thing.
scene_heading: EXT. A LOS ANGELES CEMETERY. DAY
text: JIM stands in a black suit, white shirt, one hand clasping a
text: wrist, watching as ED'S COFFIN is lowered into the ground.
speaker_heading: ED'S VOICE
dialog: Everybody's alive at once. When my
dialog: mind goes. I'll see a dream and in
dialog: that dream...everyone’s at the
dialog: table. My father. His father.
dialog: You're there too, which is
dialog: impossible, because I'm dead.
dialog: My mother came in this morning and
dialog: woke me up for school.
text: ROBERTA stands some distance away, alienated one from the
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: ED'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s this other world that keeps
dialog: getting bigger with more and more
dialog: people in it that I remember, where
dialog: everybody's alive...and I say that
dialog: as an atheist, but I'm saying it.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: ROBERTA drops EARTH on the COFFIN.
text: Then JIM steps forward, picks up some dust, and does the
dialog: same.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT. A LOS ANGELES CEMETERY. MOMENTS LATER
text: JIM is moving fast through the breaking-up crowd, avoiding
text: ROBERTA, who stares after him, avoiding YOUNG MALE COUSINS
text: trying to come up to speak to him.
text: He gets out of the GATES of the cemetery and goes along to
text: Amy's parked and waiting RABBIT, half a block down the road.
text: As he moves along, he sees that across the street is a BLACK
text: MERCEDES containing the two KOREAN HEAVIES. He ignores them,
text: puts his sunglasses on, and slips into AMY'S CAR.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I want you to take off like a bat
dialog: out of hell and take a left on the
text: next street.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Anywhere but my place.
scene_heading: EXT. AMY'S BUILDING. DAY
text: It is an older Hollywood apartment building near Koreatown.
scene_heading: INT. AMY'S KITCHEN. CONTINUOUS
text: KITCHEN CUPBOARD SHELVES are filled with BOOKS. Apart from
text: books, she has barely anything at all. A kettle, a pot, a
text: cup. A beautifully chosen thrift store table, at which JIM
text: sits, admiring the sun-filled room. Amy sits across from him.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Have you seen anybody? Ever?
text: He continues to look around the room, registering its
dialog: normality.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, have you ever talked. To
dialog: anyone.
text: As if she had spoken in another language:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: There are men chasing you. You have
dialog: no home. You have no job. What are
dialog: you going to do.
dialog: 70.
text: He looks at her for a long time.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm gonna go.
text: He stands up.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to go now. If I come to
dialog: your door, then I'll have made it,
dialog: you'll know I've made it, and
dialog: everything can start to be all
dialog: right. If I don't come, then I
dialog: didn't make it, and what you do
text: with the dead is bury them.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: All right.
text: We hear him go. She sits on.
scene_heading: EXT. A BUS STOP. DAY
text: JIM sits at a bus stop. Another guy is beside him. Homeless,
text: with all his shit in a cart. JIM looks up as not a bus comes,
dialog: but...
text: A BENTLEY, the first of a fleet of three. The door of the one
text: in front of the bus stop opens, and NEVILLE steps out.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Let's take a walk.
text: They do so, and the three Bentleys follow at cortege speed
text: along the curb. TWO BODYGUARDS walk behind NEVILLE and JIM,
text: scanning everywhere.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: My man over there said you 91l1'd
dialog: your Old California mega-family and
dialog: was out of the country.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why would I be out of the country?
text: NEVILLE slams him up against a wall.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: So you don’t die.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Everybody dies.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You're not afraid of dying of
dialog: something other than natural
dialog: causes?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: What about very severe fuckin’
dialog: discomfort. You afraid of that?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I gotta take whatever's coming
dialog: because I don’t have the money.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Your grandfather pops and you don’t
dialog: have any money?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don't have any money. My
dialog: grandfather's position was that
dialog: poverty is a character builder. I
dialog: think he was right. So do you.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Never mind what I think
dialog: philosophically! That's none of
dialog: your business!
dialog: (exasperated, as Jim
dialog: smiles)
dialog: Not even “I‘’1l have it”? You just
dialog: say “no”? You pay the Korean any of
dialog: his?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Sorry about the old man. The
dialog: grandfather. He was a serious
dialog: motherfucker and I admire him for
dialog: leaving you in this situation.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Of course you didn't run. There's
dialog: no fuckin' terra incognita.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: In the old days a white man in your
dialog: situation would come to America and
dialog: if things got hot in America, in
dialog: the old West days you'd go
dialog: somewhere else and be someone else.
dialog: Become Bob Smith, shoe horses in
dialog: East Asshole, start a new family,
dialog: no one gives a shit. These days
dialog: we're all stuck with being who we
dialog: are and where we are forever. No
dialog: new world except maybe in the stars
dialog: when we're all dead. So we deal
dialog: with where we are and what we are.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We deal with where we are as a
dialog: matter of fact. What we are is a
dialog: matter of choice.
text: NEVILLE gets it. There's nothing that Neville doesn't get. He
text: releases JIM.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You know Lamar Hampton?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Don’t fuck with me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Student of mine.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Thing about Lamar is he’s from
dialog: white people land. Grew up in the
dialog: goddamned Valley. He has a uncle
dialog: though who is deep in the old
dialog: neighborhood, in truth defines the
dialog: neighborhood, in the sense that
dialog: he's in deep trouble one way or
dialog: another all the time — much like
dialog: yourself, but not so volitionally —
dialog: and if I may say so talks a lot of
dialog: shit about Lamar, because you see,
dialog: he’s a lost soul, the uncle, one of
dialog: America’s poor. You know about
dialog: America's poor?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I've seen them.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: He's also stupid as a bag of
dialog: fuckin’ hammers, and Lamar, you
dialog: see, is the ship he expects to come
dialog: in. If a man is in having his leg
dialog: broke and he says "my nephew is
dialog: Lamar Hampton who is going pro",
dialog: maybe he does not have his leg
dialog: broke.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What’s this got to do with
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You know what it’s got to do with
dialog: everything. How much you know
dialog: Lamar?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I couldn't say I know him.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You know his phone number? Cause
dialog: his uncle don’t. His uncle don’t
dialog: even know his own sister’s phone
dialog: number or exactly where she lives.
dialog: That's how much they admire the
dialog: uncle.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don’t have his phone number.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I never had a professor didn’t have
dialog: my phone number or couldn’t get it.
dialog: ON JIM as we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JIM’'S HOUSE. BATHROOM. NIGHT
text: JIM is in the bathtub again, submerged. His AV apparatus has
text: been reduced to a RADIO. He surfaces and listens.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: Hampton’s at the top of the key,
dialog: looks to get inside, can’t, now
text: goes behind the back to Franklin
text: who one-bounces to Jamal Kendal who
text: turns and fakes and passes to
dialog: Hampton. Hampton hooks and hits!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (CONT'D)
dialog: And he was fouled! Yes and it
dialog: counts! 88 to 30, UCLA by 11!
speaker_heading: COLOR MAN
dialog: Quite apart from the great night
dialog: that UCLA is having generally, Bob,
dialog: it’s another stellar night for
text: Lamar Hampton, who seems to have no
dialog: limit to what he can do with the
dialog: ball this season...If he continues,
dialog: he...
text: JIM goes underwater again.
text: NOW show the more intense scenes in the desert: the first
text: wild kiss between JIM and AMY. This may be real. This may be
text: a hallucination of the future or what might have been.
text: In the bath, JIM closes his eyes, and turns his head to the
dialog: side.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE. NIGHT. LATER
text: JIM pulls down all the shades, stares briefly at the digits
text: flashing on his answering machine, signifying 27 calls. He
text: presses the button on the answering machine.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULLER (V.O.)
dialog: Jim, this is Tom Fuller. Dean
dialog: Fuller. I hope there’s nothing
dialog: wrong...you didn’t come in today
dialog: ..-which of course you know. As
dialog: you're the person who didn't come
dialog: in. Well. If you get this, call me.
dialog: We have to have a more general
dialog: talk...to see if we can do
dialog: something about this situation. You
dialog: know I am your greatest proponent
dialog: and, well, and there are always
dialog: things one doesn’t know about a
dialog: person's life...things that may
dialog: mitigate ...and so forth...so I'd
dialog: prefer not to do something without—
text: JIM presses stop. He picks up the phone and dials. He gets a
dialog: machine. Waits out “You have reached the office of Dean
dialog: Fuller...”
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: This is Jim. Look, you're a good
dialog: guy, but I’m not coming back, and I
dialog: never should have started. I’m
dialog: sorry.
dialog: 75.
text: He hangs up and looks into the empty refrigerator. He opens a
text: square Tupperware container, and takes out — a semi-automatic
text: pistol. He snaps the action, cocking it, and starts to put it
text: to his head...but then puts it down.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE. NIGHT
text: He stands on the porch of his dumpy house, trying to regulate
text: his breathing, calming down. Lights show in the other houses
text: in the street. Vignettes of life visible inside them.
text: There is thunder, and a heavy rain begins, the canyons
text: immediately streaming with rain.
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE. DAY
text: Broad sunlight is shining into Jim’s room. When his eyes open
dialog: he sees:
text: MISTER LEE, sitting in the armchair in the corner.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: What are we to do?
text: A BIG KOREAN stands in the doorway. He is in the final act of
text: disassembling JIM’S GUN. He tosses the pieces one by one on
text: the bedspread.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Human weakness...is not something I
dialog: discourage. How could I? I run
dialog: gambling establishments. I loan
dialog: money. I serve liquor in twenty-
dialog: seven restaurants and bars. I make
dialog: my living from people ina
dialog: condition of sickness or stupidity
dialog: — but also I have revenues from
dialog: many intelligent people who should
dialog: know better. This is not my
dialog: problem. But there is one thing I
dialog: must hold on to.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: I have to expect that a person
dialog: wants to live and will do anything
dialog: to live.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing makes sense if this is not
dialog: the case. Do you want to live?
text: MISTER LEE is clicking JIM'S LIGHTER.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's my business.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: I have not been in debt for many
dialog: years but I remember the feeling.
dialog: To be obligated, unbalanced in
text: one's thoughts, insecure, unclean.
dialog: And I felt like that when I merely
dialog: had credit card debt and a
dialog: mortgage. Nothing like you.
text: JIM takes this all on without comment.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I think you want to hurt yourself,
dialog: but make others do it for you.
text: JIM can’t answer. He looks at the HUGE KOREAN, who is staring
text: at him.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I come to see you myself because
dialog: you're an interesting man. An
dialog: educated man. Ordinarily, my
dialog: associates would come without me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m not going to tell you I’1l1 get
dialog: the money, because I don’t know if
dialog: I can. I wouldn’t insult you.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I have made...errors. I could tell
dialog: you I’ve realized that I wish I
dialog: could turn over a new leaf, that
dialog: I'll try to, but it doesn’t make
dialog: any difference, and I’m not going
dialog: to make any case for myself
dialog: whatsoever, because there is no
dialog: case. I have no position. There’s
dialog: only one thing that matters...You
dialog: expected your money and I don’t
dialog: have it. The reasons are
dialog: irrelevant. There we are.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: How am I to collect?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There's only one way. A gamble.
dialog: Loan me another hundred thousand.
text: MISTER LEE stares, sitting with his palms on his thighs in a
text: shaft of sunlight. He cocks an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s how I got in. It’s the only
dialog: way I’ll get out.
text: MISTER LEE cocks his head.
text: The KOREAN heavies start to laugh, and JIM laughs, too. Then
text: he is conducted to the bathroom and his head is plunged into
text: the still-full bath.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: JIM sits against the bathroom tiles, clutching a towel in his
text: lap. OFF, we hear the car doors close and the Koreans drive
text: away. He struggles to his feet and looks at the mirror, on
dialog: which has been written:
speaker_heading: "MUNDAY"
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: That's not how you fucking spell
dialog: it.
text: He shoulders out of the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JIM’S HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. DAY
text: A WOMAN in a business suit and high heels is struggling to
text: put the twin stakes of a metal a “For Sale” sign into the
text: earth through the ground cover just off Jim’s driveway.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. DAY
text: JIM — purposeful, dressed, shaved — watches a BOOKSTORE GUY
text: with a gray ponytail examining a book, writing down a price
text: in a buckled notebook, and then putting the book into a box.
text: He is pricing out Jim’s library.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Anything you don’t want, stack it
text: in the fireplace.
speaker_heading: BOOKSTORE GUY
dialog: There’s not too much here that I
dialog: don’t want.
text: JIM takes a last look — and goes out.
scene_heading: INT. A JEWELRY STORE. DAY
text: An IRANIAN JEWELER, wearing a great deal of gold, is
text: examining Jim’s watch.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: Perfectly good watch. Why do you
dialog: want to sell it?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Either I don’t need to know what
dialog: time it is, or I need money. What
dialog: do you care?
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I need to know if it is...
text: JIM places his CA DRIVER’S LICENCE on the case.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What you need to do is to come up
dialog: with an offer, or not.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: There are so many of these...
text: JIM looks away, annoyed, as the bullshit starts.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Look, that’s an Omega. It’s worth
dialog: more than six thousand brand new,
dialog: and when you have it, no one will
dialog: know it isn’t brand new.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: You are insulting me.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We’re not going to fuck around, no
dialog: no no, don’t talk to me, I don’t
dialog: want you to name a price any more,
dialog: and I need you to understand that
dialog: when I say what I want for it, I am
dialog: giving you the figure that I will
dialog: take for it. Do you understand me —
dialog: no, no, no. No no. Look at me. I
dialog: will say the price and you will
dialog: either say yes, or no.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: It is impossible to...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: All right.
text: He puts the watch in his pocket.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: Wait wait wait.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No. I told you not to say anything
dialog: but yes or no. You’re wasting my
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I am willing to listen to your
dialog: price.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You can’t counter it. When I say my
dialog: figure, that’s the figure, and you
dialog: either say yes or no. You got it?
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: How can I say yes or no until I
dialog: hear the price?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You're not getting it.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I am getting it, I am getting it.
text: JIM puts the watch on the counter pad again and the JEWELER
dialog: picks it up. He wants it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You need to understand fully that
dialog: what I say is not an opening
dialog: figure.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: You can say yes or no, you cannot
dialog: say a lower figure and expect to
text: meet at some point in the middle.
dialog: Do you understand?
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: Yes, yes, I understand. What is
dialog: your price?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You can’t say another price.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I know I know I know I get it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Three thousand five hundred
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: (involuntarily)
dialog: One thousand.
text: JIM takes the watch and goes. ON JEWELER, as the door chime
dialog: goes:
speaker_heading: JEWELER (CONT'D)
dialog: Twelve hundred!
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE. DAY
text: JIM is walking away quickly when THE JEWELER catches him at
text: the head of the crosswalk.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I can’t help myself.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes you can.
text: THE JEWELER looks confused.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: Two thousand.
text: JIM presses the WALK BUTTON.
speaker_heading: JEWELER (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don’t you let a man do
dialog: business?
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Because you want to go home and sit
dialog: there chuckling tonight about how
dialog: you skinned a guy on his watch. You
dialog: don’t need the watch, you just want
dialog: the watch. Where the “need” comes
dialog: in is you needing to fuck me up the
dialog: ass in order for you to feel all
dialog: right about yourself.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I am in business! You don’t
dialog: understand!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thirty-five hundred dollars. Cash.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: (involuntarily)
dialog: Two thousand two hundred.
text: (in a panic as JIM starts
dialog: off)
dialog: OK, OK, three thousand.
text: JIM leans his head against a lamp-post.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: If I allow you to beat me for five
dialog: hundred dollars, which you really
dialog: need to do on some deep personal
dialog: level, will you just shut up and
dialog: give me the money in cash?
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You can’t say anything else.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I won’t say anything else.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You promise.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: I promise to God.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I need you to promise because
dialog: you're fucking pathological.
text: THE JEWELER touches his heart.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: JEWELER
dialog: Please, we will have tea.
text: As they walk in tandem back to the store:
speaker_heading: JEWELER (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t have the cash.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I‘1l take a check.
scene_heading: EXT. A CAFE IN BEVERLY HILLS. DAY
text: JIM is sitting at a table with a beer untouched in front of
text: him. He looks up as AMY sits down. They sit there silently.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Well.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: There’s quite a lot of talk over at
dialog: the department.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Good.
text: He drinks some of his beer.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I already cashed out my IRA through
dialog: the credit union. I’m selling my
dialog: books...I’m selling my house.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Raising money.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: To pay everybody back, right?
text: JIM doesn't look at her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: To gamble or to run away?
text: JIM looks at her and doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I sit here and I wonder did I
text: precipitate some sort of breakdown.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: There was a student...just the
dialog: other day...who said that my
dialog: problem, if one’s nature is a
dialog: problem, rather than just
dialog: problematic, is that I see things
dialog: in terms of victory or death, and
dialog: not just victory but total victory.
dialog: And it’s true: I always have. It’s
dialog: either victory, or don’t bother.
dialog: The only thing worth doing is the
dialog: impossible. Everything else is
dialog: gray. You’re born...as a man...
text: with the nerves of a soldier, the
dialog: apprehension of an angel, to lift a
dialog: phrase, but there is no use for it.
dialog: Here? Where’s the use for it?
dialog: You're set up to be a philosopher
dialog: or a king or Shakespeare, and this
dialog: is all they give you? This? Twenty-
dialog: odd years of school which is all
dialog: instruction in how to be ordinary
dialog: ...or they’1l fucking kill you,
dialog: they fucking will, and then it's a
dialog: career, which is not the same thing
dialog: as existence... I want unlimited
dialog: things. I want everything. A real
dialog: love. A real house. A real thing to
dialog: do...every day. I'd rather die if I
dialog: don't get it.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Please don’t go with them.
text: He gets up and walks over to the car. HEAVY ONE (who is
text: really heavy) holds the back door open, and then gets in with
text: JIM and HEAVY TWO in the back,
scene_heading: INT. BENTLEY. MOMENTS LATER
speaker_heading: HEAVY ONE
dialog: Your house for sale.
text: and the car pulls off.
dialog: 83.
text: A BENTLEY has pulled up at the curb. Two BLACK GUYS in it,
text: staring at JIM.
text: JIM rides crammed between the TWO HEAVIES, Rodeo to Wilshire.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Gotta raise some money somewhere.
speaker_heading: HEAVY ONE
dialog: In this market I wouldn’t count on
dialog: the real estate.
speaker_heading: (to HEAVY TWO)
dialog: Check him.
text: HEAVY TWO goes through every one of Jim’s pockets and only
text: comes up with a few dollars and the fresh CHECK from the
dialog: jeweler.
speaker_heading: HEAVY ONE (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Sold my watch.
speaker_heading: HEAVY ONE
dialog: This ain’t gonna cover it.
text: HEAVY TWO throws a bag over Jim’s head, a hotel laundry bag
text: from the Peninsula, and tightens the draw string, shoving Jim
text: onto the floor of the car. Heavy two counts out the money
dialog: that Jim did have - thirty-two bucks, puts it in his pocket
text: and settles in to enjoy the ride.
speaker_heading: HEAVY TWO
dialog: My theory is, there’s no need to be
dialog: unpleasant. My associate here would
dialog: like to beat your fuckin’ head in
dialog: until the shit you’ve got for
dialog: brains was all over the fucking
dialog: upholstery, but that’s more about
dialog: his nature than necessity. I expect
dialog: you know your situation is serious
dialog: and let's leave it at that.
dialog: Internet age don’t solve anything
dialog: but you leave your laptop up and
dialog: running when you've got “Find my
text: iPhone” open, homes, then shit
dialog: happens.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: HEAVY TWO (CONT'D)
dialog: As for your books, that white dude
dialog: with the bald head and the stupid
dialog: fuckin’ pony tail is sending the
dialog: check to the right party, for the
dialog: cover price on everything, cause I
dialog: renegotiated for you, and I doubt
dialog: that realtor lady with her badly
text: unstaged open house is still as
dialog: cool about black people as she was
dialog: when she started her day, but all
dialog: in all it’s another perfect day in
dialog: Los Angeles and let's all get
dialog: along. Let’s all just get along and
dialog: be really fuckin’ happy we’re not
dialog: somewhere else, because, you go off
dialog: LA, you go on it, but go home to
dialog: Detroit in February and you have no
dialog: fuckin’ trouble coming back out
dialog: here and having Los Angeles bend
dialog: over so you can kiss it's ass.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN DOWNTOWN LA. DAY
text: The BENTLEY pulls into a little driveway beside a derelict
text: one story building that bears the sign “AFRICA MEMBERSHIP
text: CLUB” (which has a WHITE BUM talking to himself in the
text: boarded up entryway) and disappears behind the building.
scene_heading: INT. AFRICA MEMBERSHIP CLUB. DAY
text: THE PENINSULA LAUNDRY BAG is ripped off JIM’S HEAD and he
text: reels back, blinking. NEVILLE sits looking at him, smoking a
text: cigar. He is wearing a perfect suit with English shoulders.
text: He is on the phone. He holds up a finger and turns away. THE
scene_heading: AFRICA MEMBERSHIP CLUB is a former function hall. RAT TRAPS
text: are set along the walls. An unexplained white tennis shoe
text: lies on the floor with blood on it.
speaker_heading: HEAVY ONE
dialog: You scared?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That’s my problem.
text: HEAVY ONE rummages for water behind the bar.
speaker_heading: HEAVY ONE
dialog: We have Fiji and this stuff.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Doesn’t matter.
dialog: 86.
text: JIM catches a flipped water.
speaker_heading: HEAVY TWO
dialog: When did it all become about
dialog: hydration?
speaker_heading: HEAVY ONE
dialog: Recently, man. Recently. In my
text: youth, everybody was carbo-loading.
text: JIM drinks water. HEAVY TWO comes up to him, looks at him,
dialog: and says:
speaker_heading: HEAVY TWO
dialog: Sit the fuck down with your water.
text: JIM sits down. NEVILLE ends his call and comes forward from
text: the shadows at the end of the room.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You gave me the wrong number for
dialog: Lamar. That is fuckin’ feeble. Do
dialog: you know what I also know?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Do you think all Koreans are all
dialog: Korean and shit and don’t
dialog: communicate with the American
dialog: Negro?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don’t know anything.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I hear that you asked Mister Lee to
dialog: stake you out of your situation.
dialog: That he give you enough to have
text: another shot at the title of the
dialog: world’s stupidest asshole. By the
dialog: way, you are not to say anything to
dialog: Mister Lee about the information I
dialog: have, lest he speculate about the
dialog: source.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: If you have a source you know he
dialog: didn't give me anything.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You do know that all of your money
dialog: is mine.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: All of it forever or just what I
dialog: owe you.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Don’t be ridiculous. All of it
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: If that were true we’re not talking
dialog: money any more, and you better kill
dialog: me, because my only option then,
dialog: because I’m not the world’s
dialog: stupidest white asshole, would be
dialog: to kill you. I want to pay you off,
dialog: not to be married to you.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: All right, all right, I only want
dialog: my money.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Then I can deal with that.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You're going to tell me how you're
dialog: gonna make good on your debt right
dialog: now. Gimme Lee's money.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: He didn't front me any.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Your information's wrong.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: How you gonna pay me?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well. What if I told you I quit my
dialog: job and I’m going to write a novel.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Yeah, what the first one make?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: With the advance and royalties,
dialog: seventeen thousand dollars all in.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Fuck me. For one of the better
dialog: reviewed first novels of 2007? I
dialog: think we have to make some other
dialog: arrangements. The culture evidently
dialog: has. Let's talk cash first and
dialog: other business later. You can’t get
dialog: cash from your family?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I got all I could get.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Could I get cash from your family
dialog: if I sent you down to Mexico —
dialog: whoops, I don’t know what happened
dialog: to him — and had my friend Valerio
dialog: send them your dick?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: My family didn’t make their money
dialog: because they pays up easy.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Well that’s apparently genetic.
dialog: Genetics is a cruel fuckin’
dialog: mistress. Would you come up with
dialog: any money if I lit this cigar and
dialog: put it out on your eyeball?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m not a magician.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: If you didn’t think you was fuckin’
dialog: magic occasionally you wouldn’t be
dialog: in the Africa Membership Club
text: sitting there with a bottle of Fiji
dialog: water owing me almost two hundred
dialog: thousand dollars. Guess what?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I already asked your mother.
text: He sits down, affably.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You see, my lawyer went to her
text: lawyer, and her lawyer came back to
dialog: my lawyer and said “Fuck you”.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Did he say it just like that?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: As a matter of fact he did. I’m
dialog: gonna need the equity in your
dialog: house. We'll paper it right. As a
dialog: sale. But that means I have to take
dialog: over the fuckin’ mortgage and get
dialog: some goddamned vice-president of
dialog: animation or some other cocksucker
dialog: to rent it and I don’t like that
dialog: shit. But you gotta make the turnip
dialog: bleed from whatever hole it’s got.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Now Lamar, who you gave me the
dialog: wrong phone number for...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Lamar’s a good kid, he doesn’t need
dialog: any of this shit.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You’re not gonna say you made a
dialog: mistake with the number?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, I didn’t. I gave you a fake
dialog: one. I made it up.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Well Mister Jones here is gonna
dialog: give you a real one.
text: HEAVY TWO punches JIM and knocks him out of the chair. The
text: skin is split by Jim’s left eye-socket. He pushes himself up
text: off the floor, and stands.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s the last time you lie to me.
dialog: Lamar don’t need your help. Every
dialog: man has to go it alone. Lamar has
dialog: to make his choice. Let him make
dialog: it. But I’m not going to call him
dialog: now. It would merely confuse the
dialog: issue. You’re gonna get me Lamar.
dialog: It will be more than an
dialog: introduction. I don’t want an
dialog: introduction any more. I want Lamar
dialog: doing what I need him to do without
dialog: him ever seeing my face.
dialog: Deniability is where it’s at. I
dialog: hear Lamar is all Hamlet and shit
dialog: because he wants to go pro.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (bleakly)
dialog: Yeah he does.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I need Lamar, and I need him before
dialog: they play Michigan tomorrow at
dialog: home. They're running eight points
dialog: on Michigan. You tell Lamar if he
dialog: wants he can win by seven - no
dialog: more. But you get him for tomorrow.
dialog: Or I‘1ll kill every member of your
dialog: family and show you the pictures
dialog: before I kill you. Can I consider
dialog: you incentivized?
text: JIM stares at him.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S PERSONAL OFFICE. ENGLISH DEPARTMENT. DAY
text: He is cleaning out rubbish, papers, whatever. He isn’t really
text: cleaning. He runs a coin over his fingers, thinking. Then
text: looks up at a sound: JONES is there.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: May I come in?
text: JIM shrugs.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: May I sit?
text: JIM is uncomfortable with that.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought the end would be heroic
text: in some way. Not just — not showing
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well now, however it happened, now
dialog: you're the Shakespeare guy. Road’s
dialog: open, brother. I hope you seriously
dialog: give a fuck because I don’t and it
dialog: would be nice to think that someone
dialog: did. Be all that you can be and
dialog: have a nice day.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: We clubbed together and got you
dialog: something.
dialog: 91.
text: He rummages in his bag and brings out a small wrapped GIFT.
text: JIM reluctantly takes it.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: In all honesty I wish you were
dialog: disliked. But you know that’s not
dialog: the case and from time to time I
dialog: have found you admirable, charming,
text: compelling, and stupendously
dialog: fucking brilliant, much to my
dialog: horror. Though your erasure from
dialog: the department can only be viewed,
dialog: from my perspective, as a positive.
text: LAMAR has ducked through the door and towers over JONES.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: Good afternoon...I am not void of
dialog: the fear that you will go on and
dialog: through some endeavor or
dialog: accomplishment, make my existence
dialog: seem comparatively wretched....
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Did I come in at the wrong time?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, he was just finishing up saying
dialog: that he wishes I was dead.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Well. Bonne chance.
text: He ducks out. JIM sit looking at Lamar.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Sit down.
text: LAMAR does. JIM can’t speak to him yet. LAMAR looks at Jim.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: What happened to your face, man?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: A little while ago you came to me
dialog: for advice about turning pro. I
dialog: know it’s about your knee. I know
dialog: you have a feeling you have to put
text: money in the bank.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: I do, man. I’m afraid every day
dialog: that the knee will go.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: LAMAR (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm afraid every day anyone will
dialog: even notice it, because then I
dialog: get...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How'd you like to make two hundred
dialog: and fifty thousand dollars in two
dialog: hours?
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Depends on what you have in mind.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Throwing a game. You can’t beat
dialog: Michigan by more than seven points.
text: LAMAR takes that on.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: Well that’s not throwing a game.
dialog: That’s winning by less than eight.
dialog: That’s not throwing a game. Who
dialog: wants me to do it?
text: JIM points to his eye.
speaker_heading: LAMAR (CONT'D)
dialog: What they got on you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: I don’t want to talk to nobody; I
dialog: don’t want to see nobody; I don’t
dialog: want to hear no names. I’1l take
dialog: the money from you - and I'll take
text: it up front.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That’s the way it works.
text: JIM reaches beneath his desk and brings up a SPORTS BAG. He
text: puts it on the desk. LAMAR looks into it.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: They fucked you up? They didn’t
dialog: need to fuck you up. I’d have done
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I needed it. They’1l fuck you up if
dialog: you need it, too. You gotta
dialog: deliver.
dialog: 93.
text: LAMAR holds the bag.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: I bet you wish I don’t take this.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That’s up to you.
text: LAMAR takes the bag.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: I’m not gonna be immortal in this
dialog: game. Pretty soon I’m just gonna be
dialog: a real fuckin’ tall dyslexic guy
dialog: selling fuckin’ Buicks. I’m gonna
dialog: take what I can get.
text: JIM nods.
speaker_heading: LAMAR (CONT'D)
dialog: I take this bag I get you out of
dialog: trouble?
text: JIM nods.
speaker_heading: LAMAR (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s the other reason to do it.
text: He stands up. At the door he says:
speaker_heading: LAMAR (CONT'D)
dialog: This is nothing on you. I done it
dialog: before. I need you to know that.
text: JIM nods.
text: LAMAR goes.
text: JIM slowly unwraps the package given to him by the asshole on
text: behalf of the department. Inside is a small statue: a
text: representation of a bird: ideogrammatically, Freedom itself.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well all right.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPARTMENT CORRIDOR. DAY
text: JIM is moving fast through the crowded hall, not looking at
text: anybody, not speaking to anybody. He passes the Dean’s office
text: and keeps moving even though the DEAN has spotted him and has
text: come to the door. AMY falls in beside him.
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What happened to your eye?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Whatever happened it already
dialog: happened and it won’t happen again.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You're starting to make promises?
text: He stops and looks at her.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I think I am.
speaker_heading: JONES is there:
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Did you open it?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes. Very nice, thank you.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I didn’t pick it myself.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I could sorta tell that, Larry,
dialog: thank you anyway.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m getting out of here as fast as
dialog: I can and as everybody and their
dialog: aunt is eyeballing me right now it
dialog: might be better if you weren’t
dialog: chasing along as if you’re my wife,
dialog: unless you want to be, in which
dialog: case I don’t mind.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I tell the truth. That's all I got.
dialog: That first sight thing really
dialog: works. I want you to stop looking
dialog: concerned, I want you to stop
dialog: walking with me, and I want you to
dialog: shake my hand, and let me say
dialog: goodbye to you.
dialog: She looks
dialog: She holds
dialog: He surges
speaker_heading: ON SOUND:
dialog: 95.
dialog: more worried.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: You’ve got months to go here and
dialog: you don’t need the trouble. Hold
dialog: out your hand and say goodbye.
text: out her hand.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Goodbye, Ms Phillips. Good luck.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Goodbye, Professor Bennett.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Goodbye.
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: RACE ANNOUNCER
text: And coming up on the inside is
dialog: Barcelona Postcard. Barcelona
text: Postcard is now neck in neck with
dialog: Last Thanksgiving...
scene_heading: INT. A DARK SPORTS BAR. DUSK
text: A higher-end old line bar in the Valley with red banquettes
text: and just a few customers. JIM comes in from the blinding
text: light and removes his sunglasses. FRANK and BIG ERNIE sit at
text: the bar watching a horse race on a huge television and eating
text: peanuts. A moronic din.
speaker_heading: RACE ANNOUNCER
dialog: And it's Barcelona Postcard by a
dialog: length. No one can believe it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well they fuckin' weren't supposed
dialog: to, were they. That was the point.
dialog: Hey, turn that off.
text: THE BARTENDER does. JIM comes up.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Sit down.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Do you drink? I don’t remember if
dialog: you drink. Of course there’s drink
dialog: and drink.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: I drink but I haven't been drunk
dialog: since Reagan was president. God's
dialog: honest truth. I got a DUI. And in
dialog: jail I actually fell down and
dialog: pissed my pants. You don’t need to
dialog: do that twice. I am telling you
dialog: this so you know that everybody's
dialog: been there.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: Everybody’s been there.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Once. If you’re there twice...after
dialog: having been there once....I can’t
dialog: help you. You know I listen to the
dialog: drunks, and it’s like you’re
text: listening to a fairy story about a
dialog: fight with a fuckin’ monster when
dialog: the actual title of the story is “I
dialog: can’t handle my liquor,” by Mister
dialog: Crybaby.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: Amen.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t know, maybe they have a
dialog: problem, but fuck 'em if they do,
dialog: cause I don’t. Which leads me to
dialog: ask: are you pulling this shit just
dialog: now, or forever.
text: JIM doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean do you have a “problem”? Wah
dialog: wah wah like some little fucking
dialog: girl wah wah wah, or some Somali
dialog: who can’t process that there’s no
dialog: food where they live, or are you
dialog: just fucked up temporarily because
dialog: you're temporarily fuckin’ stupid.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: Are you long business or short
dialog: business?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What’s the difference right now?
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I need to know if you have the
dialog: fuckin’ brains to walk when it’s
dialog: time to walk. People don’t, you
dialog: know? Ball players who can’t play
dialog: any more, assholes trying to
dialog: maintain a standard of living not
dialog: possible any more. Lot of them
dialog: around. I’ve seen you be half a
dialog: million dollars up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’ve been up two and a half million
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What you got on you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What you put away?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You get up two and a half million,
dialog: any asshole in the world knows what
dialog: to do. You get a house with a
dialog: twenty-five year roof, an
dialog: indestructable Jap economy shitbox,
dialog: and you put the rest into the
dialog: system at three to five percent to
dialog: pay your taxes, and that’s your
dialog: base, get me, that’s your Fortress
dialog: of Fuckin’ Solitude, and you are
dialog: for the rest of your life at a
dialog: level of “fuck you”. Someone wants
dialog: you do do something? “Fuck you”.
dialog: Boss pisses you off? “Fuck you”.
dialog: Own your house, have a few bucks in
dialog: the bank, don’t drink, that’s all I
dialog: have to say to anybody at any
dialog: social level. Did your grandfather
dialog: take risks?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I can guarantee he did it froma
dialog: position of “fuck you”.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: JIM waits
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Which is what he means to you when
dialog: he says fuck you also, and what he
dialog: would mean when he said “fuck you”
dialog: to me. The wise man’s life is based
dialog: around “fuck you”. The United
dialog: States of America is based on “fuck
dialog: you”. You're a king? You have an
dialog: Army, the greatest Navy in the
dialog: history of the world? “Fuck you,
dialog: blow me”. We'll fuck it up
dialog: ourselves.
dialog: (raises his drink)
dialog: Which we have done. Beautiful fuck
dialog: you position, lost forever. King
text: George the Third looks like a
dialog: fuckin’ birthday present.
dialog: (to BARTENDER, with Zapata
dialog: mustache)
dialog: This is the grandson of the
dialog: seventeenth richest man in
dialog: California.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Does he drink?
dialog: it out.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What he wants is money because he
dialog: doesn’t know when to say “That’s
dialog: it, I’m two million ahead, fuck it,
dialog: fuck you, I have a car and a house
dialog: and a family, it’s all paid for,
dialog: fuck you.”
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: Even I did that, of course it’s out
dialog: by Pearblossom.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'll have a beer. Just like anybody
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: What kind.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Any kind.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I got thirty-seven beers. Don’t put
dialog: this on me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He fuckin’ put it on you.
text: THE BARTENDER goes.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: You still owe large, two places you
dialog: shouldn’t. Why you want door number
dialog: three?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How else do I get out?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Time payments, sell your sperm,
dialog: sell your ass, how the fuck should
dialog: I know. Your grandfather’s boat
dialog: ever go to Mexico?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It’s been to Mexico many times.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What if it stayed there.
text: JIM stares at the bar.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not saying I need you to get
dialog: the keys, I could do it myself.
dialog: Well not personally. But me selling
dialog: a fifty million dollar yacht to
dialog: some narco for ten percent of its
dialog: value would not absolve you. You
dialog: haven't looked at this game once.
dialog: What’s wrong with you, you don’t
dialog: watch sports?
speaker_heading: JIM
text: It’s watching other guys do things.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So's readin’.
text: There’s a point: Jim concedes it.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m so sick about that Columbia-
dialog: Brown game, I’m lucky I can swallow
dialog: my fuckin’ drink. I got middled on
dialog: the game. Rotten lowlife Ivy League
dialog: faggots, no offense if you’re a
dialog: lowlife Ivy League faggot.
dialog: 99.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: None taken. I was at Harvard but I
dialog: have also been in Cleveland.
dialog: Neither experience was definitive.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I am of the universe and you know
dialog: what it’s worth.
text: BIG ERNIE starts singing “Yer Blues” and pounding the bar.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: Yes I’m lonely...wanna die...Yes
dialog: I’m lonely...wanna die...etc.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I give you this money, and you
dialog: don't pay it back, there are no
dialog: rules. You never, ever, get to say
dialog: “fuck you” to anybody. You'll get
dialog: not just what you owe me from your
dialog: grandfather, you’1ll get me his
dialog: accounts so I can have them
dialog: vacuumed from Russia. You commit
dialog: suicide, you can do it knowing that
dialog: I’11 kill your whole fuckin’
dialog: family. Do you understand the
dialog: gravity of your situation.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You get up? You get out.
text: He holds out car keys.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This kinda money, what's a car.
dialog: What do you want to be able to say
dialog: to me?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Fuck you.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR PARKING LOT. DAY
text: JIM uses the key and looks into the trunk. There is a duffel
text: in it. He closes the trunk. He pulls out his cell phone,
text: punches a number.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Dexter? I need you to not give my
dialog: mother her lesson tomorrow.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
text: DEXTER, lying on a couch, sitting up, coughing from
text: bongsmoke.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I'm not doing that any more.
speaker_heading: Back to JIM
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Good. You like Las Vegas? Get a
dialog: pen, I'm gonna give you an address
dialog: to meet me at. I've got a job for
dialog: you. No I'm not gonna fucking text
dialog: it, get a pen.
text: He slams the trunk on the BAG OF MONEY.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. NIGHT
text: He walks into the living room and—
speaker_heading: BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. JIM’'S HOUSE. LATER
text: He comes to consciousness lying on the floor. The first thing
text: he can focus on are...shoes. Black, polished, shoes. A KOREAN
text: grabs Jim’s lapels in his fists and hoists him leglessly
dialog: upright.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: Where is my money?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I don’t have any money.
text: The KOREAN punches him twice, brutally, and lets him fall.
text: MISTER LEE sits fastidiously in his chair, palms on thighs,
text: feet together. He watches JIM crawl.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: Debt. It’s terrible. You make
dialog: promises. Impossible.
text: JIM sits back against the wall.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I didn’t make promises.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You will.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I can’t.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: Why did you see Frank?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I didn’t.
text: The BIG KOREAN kicks him.
text: JIM lies on the floor.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: What can I do with you?
text: JIM sits up and says:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I told you before. You need to
dialog: gamble. Stake me.
text: MISTER LEE stares at him as if he is a limitless curiosity.
text: And as MISTER LEE contemplates his own gamble....
dialog: And we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARENA. NIGHT
text: WE follow the players from the UCLA locker room out into the
text: light, the explosions of cheering, details of the watching
text: fans. A big crowd. JIM sits way up in the gods, watching
text: down. The players of both teams are warming up, and among
text: them, swishing one, is LAMAR, looking cold and complicated
text: and alone. THE GAME AND HOW TO HANDLE IT: shoot a real game,
text: then bring back a quarter of the crowd and all the refs and
dialog: players. LAMAR is the only actor and he must be a great
text: basketball player at the level his character is intended to
text: be. JIM watches uncertainly.
dialog: And let's go to TOBACK:
text: As the game progresses, several things become apparent:
dialog: 103.
dialog: (1) LAMAR (though looking flashy and, from appearances of
dialog: form, easily the best player on the court) is playing a
text: horrid game - throwing the ball away, missing shots, allowing
text: his man to score. He is so good at his act that he makes it
text: appear to be a lack of quickness or grace on the other
dialog: players’ part that is to blame.
text: (2) The rest of the UCLA team is playing remarkably well.
text: Wild shots are falling through, loose balls are bouncing
text: lucky, rebounds are coming perfectly off.
text: (3) MICHIGAN is having a bad night. Only because of LAMAR’s
dialog: errors is anything at all going right for them. There is a
text: lid over the rim for their shooters and they throw the ball
text: away continually.
text: (4) Consequently, there is rising sense of panic in JIM (and
text: distress in FRANK). When LAMAR loses the ball to a Michigan
text: playing who in turn loses it to a UCLA player who scores, the
text: Michigan coach calls a time-out. At this point UCLA leads 47
text: to 40 with 8:08 remaining in the game so that JIM and ONE are
text: only one point ahead of what they need. JIM sees the coach
text: motion LAMAR to the bench and another player to get up to
text: replace him. The new player joins the huddle. LAMAR, on his
text: way to the bench, glances up nervously.
text: BACK TO US.
scene_heading: INT. AFRICA MEMBERSHIP CLUB. CONTINUOUS
text: NEVILLE and POSSE are watching on TV.
text: UP IN THE BOOTH:
scene_heading: TWO JOCK-SNIFFERS, ANNOUNCER AND COLOR MAN.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: With one exception, UCLA has played
dialog: great ball tonight, and,
dialog: ironically, that exception is Lamar
dialog: Hampton, who has been the leader of
dialog: the club this season...he's having
dialog: a bad night...
speaker_heading: COLOR MAN
text: He's lost the ball repeatedly and
text: his defense is sub-par.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Let's be serious: a sub-par Lamar
dialog: is better than anybody else on this
dialog: court. We're judging Lamar by Lamar
dialog: and maybe that's not fair.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: COLOR MAN
dialog: It's fair to judge a man against
dialog: his best.
text: On JIM (off this idea) as the buzzer sounds, ending the time-
text: out. As the game recommences, JIM leaves the arena, fighting
text: his way through the crowd. The SCOREBOARD shows UCLA up by
text: exactly 5. JIM can't think about it: he keeps going. As he
text: goes we hear a roar from the crowd:
text: LAMAR puts on a dazzling exhibition of ball control - passing
text: up several easy shots as he dribbles out the clock: during
text: the last five seconds before the buzzer sounds to end the
text: game, he dribbles under the Michigan basket unmolested -
dialog: passing up an easy chance to score - and then (the game
text: finished, the buzzer going) - twirls the ball on the tip of
text: his finger like a Harlem Globetrotter and stares over at
text: HIS COACH, who stares aghast.
text: LAMAR throws the ball away and walks off the court. UCLA has
dialog: won by exactly seven.
text: JIM, walking along, hears his cell phone ring. He looks at
text: the screen, which reads:
speaker_heading: "DEXTER"
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: How's Vegas?
text: He listens.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Right.
scene_heading: INT. AFRICA CLUB. NIGHT
text: NEVILLE is sitting in a ruptured banquette smoking a cigar
text: and drinking cognac. At another one nearby, HEAVIES ONE AND
text: TWO are counting money. JIM stands there.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Your boy delivered.
text: JIM nods.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: You delivered. You know how rare
dialog: that is? A man delivers? You get so
dialog: used to every motherfucker not
dialog: delivering that when one does, you
dialog: wanna cry.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: So are we square?
text: NEVILLE looks hesitant: clever.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: What if I told you you keep your
dialog: job at the university forever and
dialog: you make sure you teach English 101
dialog: to a lot of tall brothers.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'd tell you to kill me.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I get it. Have a drink.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Don’t want one.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You got your face fucked up by
dialog: Koreans.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah I did.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: That's just valedictory, man.
dialog: You're just moving on to the next
dialog: phase of bullshit. You know what
dialog: the only trouble is with the game
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Someone else bet a seven point
dialog: spread, with a lot of fuckin'
dialog: money, in Vegas. Now, would you
dialog: know who that was?
text: JIM shakes his head.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
text: DEXTER, in Vegas, handing over the very recognizable DUFFLE
dialog: OF CASH that Jim got from Frank.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No idea.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You don’t tip no one?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
text: NEVILLE takes this on: blows smoke into his glass: drinks.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: What’s your life plans?
text: JIM shrugs.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Make part of it never seeing me
dialog: again. I don’t need you, brother. I
dialog: have Lamar, forever. He’s going
text: pro, not doing his junior year.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: You think I want you out there
dialog: knowing that?
text: Gestures over at the MONEY being counted.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Knowing this?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I’m gonna tell you that I’m not
dialog: going to do you the discourtesy of
dialog: assuming what you’re thinking, but
dialog: I know you’re going to do the right
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Why’s that?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Because that’s what you do. That’s
dialog: what you are. You do the right
dialog: thing.
dialog: NEVILLE doesn't want to wear that halo.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Why am I so fuckin' transparent.
text: JIM gets up.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Odds still not in favor of you
text: getting out of the other mess
dialog: you're in, but you’re done with me.
dialog: We’re square. Where you get it?
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Borrowed it from Frank.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: Fuck you you did.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Ask him.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: I will ask him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Then you'll find out that I did.
text: NEVILLE LOOKS at the MONEY and then up at JIM. He knows
dialog: exactly what JIM did and
text: JIM knows that NEVILLE knows.
text: Finally NEVILLE puts the envelope in his coat and holds out
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE
dialog: That Lamar was crooked anyway.
dialog: Everybody's ready to be bent, or
dialog: ready to be straight. Personally
dialog: I’m ready to be straight. Get
dialog: myself a avocado farm or a winery.
dialog: I do what I have to do but I’m not
text: a huge fan of low company. A man
dialog: can transform his shit.
text: JIM starts to go.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Brother.
text: JIM stops, turns around.
speaker_heading: NEVILLE (CONT'D)
dialog: If I find out you suddenly paid
dialog: Frank back in any sort of mystery
dialog: fuckin’ situation, then I know what
dialog: you did. And nothing changes.
text: JIM nods, and goes.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: EXT. JIM'S HOUSE. NIGHT
text: JIM’'S BAGS are packed and by the door.
text: DEXTER, the tennis player, is sitting on one of the few
text: remaining bits of furniture, a hard chair in what used to be
text: the dining room. JIM is washing his face in the kitchen sink.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I have never done anything like
dialog: that in my life. I didn't think I
dialog: was gonna get out of Vegas alive.
text: A LARGER DUFFEL than Dexter left with lies on the floor.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Open it, and take out fifty grand.
dialog: That's yours.
text: DEXTER doesn't move.
speaker_heading: DEXTER
dialog: I’m gonna have my picture on the
dialog: Wheaties Box within fuckin’ months,
dialog: dude. Unless I'm on Youtube doing a
dialog: bong hit. I don't need it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's why I picked you. Do what
dialog: you like.
text: JIM looks out the window as a car passes slowly.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s time to get away from me,
text: Dexter. Far, far, away.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. NIGHT
text: JIM, driving downtown, picks his cell phone up off the seat,
text: and speed dials.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Frank, it’s Jim. I’ve got your
dialog: money. No, I can’t go there. The
dialog: thing is, you have to meet me.
dialog: Koreatown. The place, you know the
dialog: place, right?
text: INTERCUT FRANK in the schvitz.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Everybody knows the place. Whether
dialog: I want you anywhere near that place
dialog: with my money in your hands is
dialog: another fuckin’ story.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That’s the only place I’1l meet
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You have all my money plus
dialog: everything? Are you telling me you
dialog: have all my money.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I have all your money plus all
dialog: Mister Lee's money. I have all the
dialog: money to pay everything I owe to
dialog: everybody.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What do you do when you’re in fuck
dialog: you position?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We’ve had that discussion and I
dialog: understand your point, but you
dialog: gotta meet me there.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: If there was a list of places where
dialog: nobody gets ripped off I believe
text: that’s at the top.
scene_heading: EXT. KOREATOWN. NIGHT
dialog: 109.
text: Establish the non-descript building with a corner entrance
dialog: that we've seen before, guarded by Koreans.
scene_heading: INT. KOREATOWN GAMBLING DEN HALLWAY. NIGHT
text: JIM comes up some stairs and heads down a corridor
text: door guarded by two KOREAN GUYS we have never seen
text: stops. One of them snaps his fingers and JIM hands
text: a CARD with Korean writing on it...a passport from
dialog: towards a
dialog: before. He
dialog: over first
dialog: Mister
text: Lee...and then, for inspection, the DUFFEL. The BIGGEST
text: KOREAN looks up in wonder after inspecting what is
dialog: inside.
text: Then they open the door...and Jim passes through into...
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: INT. KOREATOWN GAMBLING DEN. NIGHT
text: Another world. At low tables around the room, Korean
text: businessmen are drinking and being served by submissive,
text: attentive, women. They refill the men’s glasses and cut their
dialog: food for them.
text: JIM, backpack on his shoulder, stands looking at the GAMING
speaker_heading: TABLES.
dialog: Blackjack, roulette, the usual. All games here are played
text: with CASH — masses of cash, deployed by not only Asian
text: businessmen but serious and rich professional gamblers. In a
text: side room, poker is being played at a lighted baize table.
text: JIM refocuses on the roulette wheel, obsessively. He moves
dialog: forward. Then stops. All or nothing: what about nothing. For
text: the first time the tables have no allure.
text: MISTER LEE materializes.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You have my money?
text: JIM looks at him.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: If you have the money, I advise you
text: not to play. It's all over.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know that.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: My partner is in the corner.
text: JIM looks, not wanting to. The PARTNER is a big Korean,
text: having his meat cut for him by a bottle girl. He is merely a
text: businessman...except for the security with folded arms. JIM
text: looks back at Mister Lee and then at the TABLES.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: If you lose, the money does not go
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know that.
text: FRANK and BIG ERNIE have entered. They see JIM in the room,
text: standing with MISTER LEE, and instead of approaching (FRANK
text: looks worried), they move to the BAR, from which they can
dialog: observe JIM.
dialog: 111.
dialog: JIM is very aware of them: very aware too of Mister Lee’s
speaker_heading: HEAVIES.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: I cannot take money off you by
dialog: force in here.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I know that. That’s why we’re here.
dialog: I told you we were going to gamble,
dialog: right?
text: They stare at each other.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You have enough money to pay me?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You must come outside.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You owe Frank, also.
text: JIM nods.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE (CONT'D)
dialog: You are going to pay?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, I'm going to play.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: What are you going to play?
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Everything.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: You can’t.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It’s the only way I'll do it. You
dialog: can't take the money off me in
dialog: here, and neither can he.
dialog: 112.
text: JIM indicates FRANK, and is now watching the ROULETTE WHEEL.
text: The ball doing its thing.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Red or black, all or nothing. All
dialog: the money down. That’s all I’1l do.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: If you lose, you will not leave
dialog: here alive. I can’t allow it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Exactly. Is the table clean?
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: This is not my establishment.
text: This is terrifying: but JIM is committed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They'll take a very sizeable bet?
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: That is what this establishment is
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: MISTER LEE
dialog: Let me have my money.
text: JIM surges forward.
text: BIG ERNIE intercepts him.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
text: JIM looks down at the hand holding his coat. A KOREAN BOUNCER
text: comes and deliberately removes BIG ERNIE’S HAND.
speaker_heading: BIG ERNIE (CONT’D)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
text: FRANK is standing alarmed by the bar. BIG ERNIE is hustled
dialog: out of the room, going along, because it would be very unwise
dialog: not to.
text: JIM goes to a table, unzips his backpack, and stacks his cash
text: on the table. He discards the backpack. He picks up the block
text: of cash and heads towards the roulette table.
dialog: 113.
text: JIM moves forward, fast, and puts HUNDREDS AND HUNDREDS OF
text: THOUSAND DOLLARS in cash on the table, all the money he has
dialog: made in Vegas from betting on Lamar's game, less what he paid
text: Neville Baraka, putting down one lump of cash after another.
text: The croupier stares.
text: Jim's gaze wanders over the table...reds and blacks blurring.
text: He is dimly aware of SPECTATORS crowding in...FRANK...MISTER
dialog: LEE...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: All on black.
text: THE CROUPIER spins the wheel. The ball goes into the wheel.
text: JIM closes his eyes and listens to the clatter of the ball.
text: IMAGES cascade through his mind: the DESERT SUNRISE, AMY in
text: the desert, his child staring at him from a basin in the
text: delivery room, his mother, himself leaning in a balcony
text: doorway and looking out over a foreign city on the best
text: morning of his life, an image of a typewriter, with a blank
dialog: page, on which we PUSH IN.
text: We are on his face, covered with sweat, when the clatter of
text: the ball stops. There is nothing but silence from the Korean
dialog: spectators.
text: JIM opens his eyes and sees:
text: THE BALL LYING IN BLACK.
text: JIM turns immediately from the table and begins walking out
dialog: of the establishment: out of everything.
text: FRANK is staring.
text: THE OWNER of the ESTABLISHMENT is standing right in front of
text: him. JIM walks up to him.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I was playing for Mister Lee, and
dialog: for that gentleman over there.
text: He points at FRANK who stands there stunned.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not actually a gambler.
text: Everyone watches as he crosses the room, and goes to the
text: door, and is let through by Koreans.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BUILDING IN KOREATOWN. NIGHT
text: FRANK and BIG ERNIE come out, escorted as far as the
text: sidewalk, carrying the winnings. FRANK looks around and sees:
text: JIM leaning against the black borrowed MERCEDES, flipping the
text: car key in his hand.
text: BIG ERNIE and FRANK come up to him. There’s not much to say.
text: JIM holds out the car key and FRANK takes it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You need a ride?
text: JIM shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, I‘1l walk. I feel like walking.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You got anything on you?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Not a fucking cent, brother.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That’s not “fuck you” position.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes it is.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Then say it to me.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Good boy.
text: JIM shoves off the car and begins to walk down the old
text: downtown street: as SCORE comes up and carries us along into
dialog: his new world (needless to say this is about the music), we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AMY'S BUILDING. NIGHT TOWARDS DAWN
text: ESTABLISH THE BUILDING, with its red "Los Altos" sign lit now
text: for the first time in the film.
text: We are at Jim's POV.
dialog: 115.
text: JIM stands across the street, head slightly cocked, looking
text: at the building, hands in the pockets of his coat. He seems
text: for a moment to have his old look, his solitary look, and
text: moves on along the sidewalk, to pass the Los Altos by...but
text: then he stops and looks again, and crosses the deserted
text: boulevard the way he walked towards the roulette wheel in
dialog: Koreatown.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: He is leaning, humped in his coat, in the entrance way. He
text: takes a deep breath: he's redeemed: it's over. He reaches and
text: (in the greatest act of his life) presses the intercom
dialog: button.
text: FROM ACROSS THE BOULEVARD
text: We see JIM, now a small figure, waiting for the doorbell to
text: be answered. Finally he pushes through the glass and goes
text: inside and as a RED AND BLACK VAN wipes the screen very close
dialog: we go to
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: 
