dialog: The Scarlet Letter
dialog: TITLE: A Sunday morning in Spring ... New England ... in the year 1645.
scene_heading: 1 EXT. VILLAGE STREET LONG SHOT INCLUDING CHURCH
text: The Puritans are marching in solemn procession down the street
text: toward the church. The crime of laughter on Sunday is so severely
text: punished that no one ever dares nod a head in friendly salute as
text: neighbors pass neighbors. Life is vigorous and hard.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 2 CLOSE-UP CHURCH BELLS TOLLING
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 3 SEMI CLOSE-UP GROUP OF CHILDREN
text: The children make a comic picture as they march solemnly by with
text: measured steps, their frightened faces set in rigid masks, their eyes
text: round and staring as glass marbles. They look like little undertakers.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 4 CLOSE-UP CHURCH BELLS TOLLING
text: (The repetitious ringing bells in the orchestra pit, deep-throated,
text: clanging solemnly, have a funereal sound. They are arresting and
text: demand attention. They suggest a Puritan atmosphere, a call to
dialog: church, often theirs is a fearful warning tone.)
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 5 INT. HESTER PRYNNE'S HOME
text: In her quiet room on this gay morning, Hester Prynne, the little
text: seamstress, makes ready for church. She moves with fixed
text: solemnity, her face as serious a mask as the children's who have
text: just passed by. There is something quaint and precise about her
text: gestures. At first sight, she is all Puritan, filled with firm resolves,
text: pious, reserved. All this while she buttons herself into her dove-
text: grey dress, then draws her flowing hair back and binds it into a
text: tight, firm coil at her neck. It would be un-Christian if one lock
text: escaped. But when she comes to her bonnet, the eternal feminine
text: is revealed. A bonnet can throw a dreadful shadow over a face,
text: or it can be beautifully becoming. She places it upon her head.
text: Shall she wear it perched high, or well down over her eyes? Or
dialog: perhaps just a wee bit to one side? She really must see for herself.
text: Cautiously she moves to the wall, and stands before a framed worsted
dialog: mat.
scene_heading: INSERT: CLOSE-UP HESTER AT WALL
text: She regards the worsted mat. On it is inscribed this warning
dialog: from the scriptures:
dialog: "Vanity is an evil disease."
text: Then Hester sets it aside and lifts it down. Behind it is a piece
text: of polished metal which serves Hester as a mirror.
scene_heading: 6 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: She practices how she will wear her hat, and her eyes smile
text: reflectively, for there is someone at church who may look upon her,
text: and she would meet with his approving glance. Hester forgets it
text: is Sabbath and smiles. It is entirely the fault of that jaunty little
text: hat. Something stirs within her, springtime--a longing for life--
dialog: and love, which is the fulfillment of life. She starts! The church
text: bells! She hears their warnings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 7 CLOSE-UP CHURCH BELLS TOLLING
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: 8 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AT MIRROR
text: Hester leans down quickly to put the worsted mat over her mirror.
dialog: Oh, that she should have dared--and on the Sabbath, too! The
text: vision of how charming the new bonnet is warms her, and her
text: mind is filled with material thoughts. The reflection of the mirror
text: stops on the bird cage that hangs by the window. Hester,
text: from where she is standing, sees the little imprisoned bird. She
text: puts the worsted mat back in place and starts toward the window.
scene_heading: 9 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE SEMI LONG SHOT
text: Hester moves swiftly toward the open window, through which
text: the light is streaming. She seems conscious of the transition
text: wrought within herself, aware, perhaps for the first time of the
dialog: prison which she has so long endured.
scene_heading: 10 SEMI CLOSE-UP AT WINDOW
text: Close to the window is a rustic cage with a bird in it. But a black
text: shawl has been thrown over the cage; for the bird's song is forbidden
text: to mount on the Sabbath. A shaft of sunlight has fallen upon the cage.
text: Hester's face as she gazes at the cage, becomes wistfully sad. Why
text: should she hide its song, Hester asks herself in this moment of faint
text: rebellion. She draws the black shawl away.
speaker_heading: 11 CLOSE-UP CAGE
text: The bird trilling his song.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. HESTER PRYNNE'S HOUSE
text: (There is charm to the little thatched cottage. On the door is the
text: sign: "VILLAGE SEAMSTRESS").
text: A stern, forbidding group of men and women is passing. Among
text: them is Mistress Hibbins, a gossipy, garrulous woman of
text: fifty, and Giles, a tall, gaunt Puritan, an unconscious comedian.
text: The former is Hester's persecutor, the latter her friend. The
text: Puritans pause by the window, listening with horror. A bird
text: singing on the Sabbath! Mistress Hibbins, with sly, meaningful
text: glances, points at the window. There they see--
scene_heading: 13 HESTER PRYNNE'S WINDOW
text: Hester is listening to the song of the bird. She makes a gay little
text: figure framed in the dark window.
scene_heading: 14 EXT. HESTER PRYNNE'S HOUSE
dialog: Mistress Hibbins, who is the village gossip,--it is she who always
text: points her finger in scorn at Hester--urges one of the Puritans to
text: mark Hester Prynne's door. It is she who says, with malicious
dialog: intent:
dialog: TITLE: "Bird singing on the Sabbath! Hester Prynne must
dialog: answer for this!"
text: The man stalks over, and, with a lump of gypsum, marks a cross
text: upon the door. The group nods in righteous approval, all save
text: Giles, who pleads that Hester be spared. And as he does this,
text: Mistress Hibbins watches him with malicious suspicion.
scene_heading: 15 INT. HESTER PRYNNE'S HOUSE SEMI CLOSE-UP WINDOW
text: Hester opens the door of the cage and peeks in. "Good morning,
text: little prisoner!" with a merry smile. The bird is like the yellow
text: shaft of an arrow as he darts past her hand and out of the window.
text: She gazes out of the window, terrified that she has lost him. She
text: looks out--sees the bird--
scene_heading: 16 CLOSE-UP PURITAN (WALKING ALONG)
text: A horrified expression on his face--the bird has lit upon his
text: shoulder. It flies off.
scene_heading: 17 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE LONG SHOT
text: Hester hurries out.
scene_heading: 18 EXT. GARDEN IN REAR OF HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Hester enters, running. She spins around and around, frantically
text: searching for some sight of her bird. Her hat is shading her eyes.
text: Swiftly she pulls it off and tosses it upon a bench. Then she runs
text: out of the garden.
scene_heading: 19 CLOSE-UP MISTRESS HIBBINS
text: An exclamation of horror is wrung from the old lady when the
text: bird lights upon her bonnet.
scene_heading: 20 GARDEN OF HESTER'S HOUSE SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Hester's lips are pursed as she whistles her call to the bird.
text: 21 FLASH OF BIRD FLYING OVER FENCE
scene_heading: 22 SEMI LONG SHOT GARDEN
text: Hester runs through the garden and plunges into the thicket beyond.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. HESTER PRYNNE'S HOUSE
text: Mistress Hibbins and the Stern Ones hear her calling--hear
text: her daring to make strange whistling sounds. They shake
text: their heads solemnly. Mistress Hibbins is triumphant! She
text: can hardly wait to get to church and tattle to the minister.
text: Giles looks at her as if he would like to choke her.
scene_heading: 24 WOODS VERY LONG SHOT
text: Hester's hair is now flying loose--the wind stirs it--and her
text: dress is caught in the brambles. A little, disordered figure,
text: running and searching the tree-tops.
scene_heading: 25 CLOSE-UP CHURCH BELLS TOLLING
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 26 INT. CHURCH
text: Mistress Hibbins, Giles, and the Puritans enter the church.
text: The women are seated on one side, the men on the other. Giles
text: stalks along and takes his place in a pew near the pulpit and
text: on the aisle. Mistress Hibbins, who is going to wait in the
text: vestry-room until the minister arrives so that she can tell on
text: Hester, bustles down the aisle toward the vestry. Giles sticks
text: one of his long legs out in the aisle and almost succeeds in
text: tripping her.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. DEEP WOODS
text: Hester running farther and farther away from the church
text: and the sound of the bells. Running rather gaily now. She is
text: calling--whistling--looking for the bird.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 28 CLOSE-UP OF BELLS RINGING
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 29 INT. VESTRY (THROUGH OPEN DOOR MAIN ROOM OF CHURCH CAN BE SEEN)
text: Reverend Dimmesdale is talking with a few of his parishioners
text: when Mistress Hibbins enters. Mistress Hibbins fairly bustles
text: with excitement, she does so love to have a tidbit of gossip to
dialog: impart. She begins:
dialog: TITLE: "Though it grieves me to tell thee, Reverend Dimmesdale
dialog: about Hester Prynne--"
text: BACK: As she says this, Mistress Hibbins can hardly hold back
text: her smiles. To be quite close to him, she edges nearer.
scene_heading: 30 SEMI CLOSE-UP REVEREND DIMMESDALE AND MISTRESS HIBBINS
text: Reverend Dimmesdale listens to Mistress Hibbins. "We were passing
text: Mistress Prynne's house--she stood by the window--she uncovered
dialog: the bird--the bird sang--and then if she didn't deliberately
dialog: go running after the bird! And if that wasn't enough, Reverend
text: Dimmesdale, we heard her whistle." The old lady purses up her
text: lips and whistles--then gives an imitation of Hester calling, "Come,
text: birdie, birdie!" beckoning to the bird.
text: Into Reverend Dimmesdale's eyes comes a look of stern condemnation.
dialog: (He has known a rigorous school of religious training, and it
text: has made him stern and severe toward the transgressor. He has no
text: pity for the frailty of human nature, and is relentless when he sits
text: in judgment on his parishioners who have sinned. The story of
text: Arthur Dimmesdale is of a man who becomes guilty of the very sin
dialog: he damns in others, and his spiritual growth through sorrow and
dialog: repentance.)
dialog: "It is wicked of Hester Prynne to do this--and on the Sabbath,"
text: Mistress Hibbins is pleased to hear him say.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 31 EXT. BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY LONG SHOT
text: Hester Prynne is running now, a tiny figure against the pattern of
text: tall trees. The running has excited her. She enjoys this unexpected
text: freedom. We see her spin around, almost in pirouette, as she looks
text: and calls and darts toward the bird--one moment frightened with
text: fear she has lost him, the next moment laughing. The springtime
text: of the year, the wind blowing her hair, and she is surrounded by
dialog: the holy beauty of nature.
scene_heading: 32 CLOSER SHOT OF HESTER
text: The bird has lit on the branch of a flowering tree. Hester is creeping
text: up to him; she is breathless; her eyes are sparkling. She no longer
text: suggests the precise little Puritan girl--she is a sprite of the
text: woods! Her dress is torn, her hair is tumbled. The bird flies away
text: from her outstretched hand.
speaker_heading: 33 LONG SHOT
text: Hester is running again. All the latent elfin joy in Hester Prynne
text: has sprung into being. She does not know that a group of Puritans,
text: dark and grim as the silhouette of trees through which they walk,
dialog: have stopped to watch her.
scene_heading: 34 SEMI CLOSE-UP GROUP OF PURITANS
text: They stop short, aghast as they hear laughter and a woman's song.
text: They look off and see Hester. What is Hester Prynne doing? To
text: them it looks as if she were dancing.
scene_heading: 35 SEMI LONG SHOT OF HESTER
text: Hester is spinning again in gay pirouette as she sees the bird here
text: one moment, there the next. Now she plunges laughingly into the
text: flowering thicket.
scene_heading: 36 SEMI CLOSE-UP GROUP OF PURITANS
text: The Puritans gaze at each other in horror and set their lips--then
text: hurry even faster toward the church.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 38 INT. CHURCH
text: The church is partially filled with sour faced, straight backed people
text: who sit there in terrible solemnity, as though it would be a sin if
dialog: anyone should think that they were about to enjoy the service.
text: The beadle, whom we shall name Jonathan Appletree, walks through
text: the aisles, carrying a long pole. A general movement in the church.
text: The Governor enters! A most important man, pompous, elegant and
text: dignified. (The men all rise until he is seated.)
scene_heading: 39 EXT. WOODS
text: Hester Prynne is running and now laughing, so exhilarated is she
text: by this unexpected release. She sees--
scene_heading: 40 CLOSE-UP BRANCH OF TREE
text: The bird is singing.
scene_heading: 41 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: As Hester looks at the bird, their comes to her the realization that
dialog: freedom has brought happiness to the bird. She will no longer try
text: to capture him. She is breathless, her eyes are dancing with happiness.
dialog: She sees--
speaker_heading: 42 SKY AND TREES
text: The bird flying to freedom.
speaker_heading: 43 LONG SHOT
text: Hester runs and waves a happy farewell to the bird.
scene_heading: 44 CLOSE-UP CHURCH BELLS TOLLING
scene_heading: 45 EXT. WOODS CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: She has heard the bells at last! She stops and listens to them with
text: growing terror. She looks about her bewildered, realizing that she
text: is far from church. Her torn dress! Her streaming hair! She
text: starts to bind it as she hurries past the camera.
scene_heading: 46 INT. CHURCH SEMI LONG SHOT
text: Giles is now seated in back of the Governor. The beadle walks
text: down the aisle.
scene_heading: 47 SEMI CLOSE-UP OF THE BEADLE
text: He carries his long pole, intently eyeing the congregation for the
text: slightest wayward gesture.
scene_heading: 48 CLOSE-UP SHOT OF THE CONGREGATION
text: Giles is trying to sit there stiffly attentive. Then his face suddenly
text: convulses--we see him struggling not to sneeze. He makes a desperate
text: effort to hold it in. When he does sneeze, it is with such violence
dialog: as to startle the congregation. Not only that, but he has dared
text: to sneeze upon the Governor. The beadle leans over, and, with his
text: long stick, raps Giles smartly on the head. The Governor casts an
text: upbraiding glance at Giles. He feels his dignity has been ruffled by
text: this unconscious, but vulgar, gesture of Giles.
scene_heading: 49 CLOSE-UP CHURCH BELLS TOLLING
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 50 INT. VESTRY
text: Through the open door can be seen the parishioners in their pews.
text: The Puritans who had seen Hester in the woods have arrived, and
text: they are telling Reverend Dimmesdale of Hester Prynne's sin of
text: dancing and running on the Sabbath.
text: A look, so forbidding as to be cruel, sets Reverend Dimmesdale's
text: face in a firm mold.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. HESTER PRYNNE'S HOUSE
text: Hester Prynne who has returned for her bonnet, is seen again
text: as she hurries out of the house putting on her bonnet. But there
text: is no longer any happiness in her movements. She is terrified.
text: She knows now that she is late for church, will be caught and
dialog: undoubtedly punished!
scene_heading: 52 INT. CHURCH LONG SHOT
text: Reverend Dimmesdale steps into his pulpit, and all the people quiet
dialog: themselves, for service is about to begin.
scene_heading: 53 EXT. CHURCH
text: Hester, breathless, stands outside, wondering if she dare enter the
text: church; then she almost glides in, earnestly praying that she will
text: be able to slip into her pew unnoticed.
scene_heading: 54 INT. CHURCH CLOSE-UP CONGREGATION AND PULPIT
text: The backs of the parishioners are to the camera. Reverend Dimmesdale
text: is in the pulpit preaching. There is no soft, kindly light in
text: his eyes. He doesn't talk to them of salvation, but his attitude
text: shows that he is condemning them for their sins. He stops for a
text: moment, as his eyes sweep over the congregation, because he
text: catches sight of Hester.
text: 55 SEMI LONG SHOT SHOWING THE CONGREGATION
text: They are facing the camera, which is in the direction of the pulpit.
text: Looking straight ahead, not daring to move or glance sideways,
text: even out of the corner of their eyes, they do not see Hester. She
text: comes creeping into the church, looking very little and child-like,
text: in fact, quite like a naughty child, praying she won't be caught.
text: But just as she is about to slink into her pew, she gazes up at the
text: minister and sees his piercing eye upon her. When she drops down
text: into a seat between two tall Puritans with a third tall Puritan in
text: front of her, she is almost lost to sight.
scene_heading: 56 CLOSE-UP REVEREND DIMMESDALE
text: He is quite infuriated by Hester's effort to escape punishment.
text: "Hester Prynne!" and he points a finger at her dramatically.
dialog: "Thou hast sinned--and wouldst try to hide thy shame!
dialog: Child of the devil! Come before me that I might advise thee and
dialog: teach a lesson to my flock through thee!"
scene_heading: 57 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: His voice ringing out terrifies her. It is like blows upon her.
text: With a guilty look in her eyes, she tries to force a wistful smile
text: as she moves to rise.
scene_heading: 58 LONG SHOT OF CHURCH
text: Reverend Dimmesdale's eyes are like a brand upon Hester. His
text: voice rises and thunders through the church as he points a
text: condemning finger at her. Trembling, she rises at his command and
text: moves slowly up the aisle toward his pulpit--until she stands there,
text: her head bowed in humility.
scene_heading: 59 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND REVEREND DIMMESDALE
text: Still pointing his finger, he is crying out: "Woe unto him who
dialog: disobeys the inexorable laws of God's Sabbath! On this, His day of
dialog: worship, thou hast listened to the voice of the devil calling thee!
dialog: Thou hast run, and sung, and danced with thy hair unloosened.
dialog: And now dost thou stand before my people in shame and humiliation?"
text: 60 LONGER SHOT OF CHURCH
text: The minister is swept away by his passionate denouncement of
text: Hester. "Let this be a warning to thee!" and he turns back
dialog: dramatically to the congregation. "God is just and merciful, but
text: His punishment is swift and heavy upon the sinners who yield
dialog: themselves to petty vanities."
text: Again he turns upon Hester:
dialog: "Thou knowest well that laughter on the Sabbath is forbidden.
dialog: Thou knowest well that dancing is the gesture of the devil. Thinkest
dialog: thou there is any escape for thee? No, thou shalt be punished here
dialog: by the shame of our pointing fingers! Though shalt be punished
dialog: hereafter by the pointing finger of God. Thou shalt not escape!"
text: All through this dramatic tirade, Hester stands with bowed head--
text: a very little figure before this bleak pulpit.
scene_heading: 61 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: She raises her face toward him, her eyes are filled with tears; but
text: in them is a look so pitiful, so pleading, that there is revealed the
text: secret of Hester Prynne's heart--she is in love with the minister.
text: Her eyes caress the stern face that bends above her. His words
text: are lost; she hears only his voice, the voice of the man that she
dialog: loves.
scene_heading: 62 CLOSE-UP REVEREND DIMMESDALE
text: He is looking down at Hester. He is still crying out, "Shame on
dialog: thee, Hester Prynne, that thou, a young girl of our village, hast
dialog: broken the sacred laws! Shame on thee!" And then it is that
text: her eyes, so pitiful and pleading arrest him in his dramatic protest
text: against the sins of the flesh. And there comes into his eyes
text: a strange wonderment, as if he has become aware of Hester's love
dialog: for him.
scene_heading: 63 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND REVEREND DIMMESDALE
text: There is between these two a long exchange of tense, dramatic
text: glances. Reverend Dimmesdale, unconscious of everything save
text: the presence of Hester, bends close to her. And eyes look long
text: into eyes they lean to. It shocks him--this realization that Hester
dialog: Prynne is in love with him. And through what emotion is _he_
dialog: passing? She is lovely to look upon; there is something almost divine
dialog: about her tenderness, so forgiving is she. And how can he stand
text: there and in cruel words denounce her? What is stirring within
text: his own heart? Could it be possible that he, too, is awakened to
dialog: response by that great love of hers?
dialog: (This long exchange of glances may have to be divided into close-
text: ups--back and forth between the two, because it is a poignant
dialog: moment, this birth of their love.)
scene_heading: 64 SEMI LONG SHOT OF CHURCH
text: Almost in a daze, the minister turns away from Hester. It takes
text: a few seconds to gather himself together before he can summon
dialog: again that dynamic force which so marked the beginning of his
dialog: sermon. But he must not weaken in his firm resolve; he must
text: continue with his tirade. He turns away from Hester, back to
text: those Puritans, who bend their heads under the scourge of his
dialog: warnings.
scene_heading: 65 CLOSE-UP HESTER PRYNNE
text: The tears have never left Hester Prynne's eyes, but her faint
text: smile reveals hidden ecstasies in her heart.
scene_heading: 66 SEMI CLOSE-UP PULPIT
text: Hester's back is to the camera. Reverend Dimmesdale is preaching.
text: Once again his face is set in stern condemnation; but as he
text: addresses the parishioners, his eyes stray again toward Hester's
text: face. Now he looks at her as if he were afraid of her, almost
text: resentful that she has awakened the dormant emotion of love in
dialog: his heart.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 67 FADE IN INT. REVEREND DIMMESDALE'S STUDY
text: Through the open window streams the sunlight. Reverend
text: Dimmesdale sits there poring over his Bible, making notes for
text: sermons; but the thoughts of Hester crowd out all thoughts of
text: duty, and he sits there idly dreaming and wondering how far this
text: attraction will carry him. He presents a romantic figure. As he
text: gazes into space, he is startled by a white rose being thrown in
text: through the window. He picks up the rose, and we know at once
text: by his expression that he believes it was thrown to him by Hester.
text: A slight sigh escapes him.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. REVEREND DIMMESDALE'S STUDY
text: It isn't Hester, but Mistress Hibbins, who has thrown the rose,
text: because there she stands with the second rose in her hand and is
text: about to toss it also when Giles comes along. Rather sheepishly
text: she hides the rose. The two quarrel. Giles hates her so that he
text: can hardly keep his hands from reaching out and wringing her
text: neck. Mistress Hibbins, switching her skirts, walks away.
scene_heading: 69 INT. REVEREND DIMMESDALE'S STUDY
text: He is still gazing dreamily at the rose. Now he goes to the window
text: to peek out, to catch Hester, to see her smiling, upturned face.
scene_heading: 70 CLOSE-UP MINISTER AT WINDOW
text: He looks out, expecting to see Hester--and he does! He gazes
text: dramatically a short distance away into the square--and this is
dialog: what he sees:
scene_heading: 71 SEMI CLOSE-UP STOCKS
text: The stocks are set close to the bleak wall of the church. A bright
text: ray of sunshine strikes full upon Hester, a prisoner of the stocks.
text: She is suffering now from slight exhaustion, her head droops forward
text: wearily. When she raises her eyes, in them is a haggard look of one
text: who has endured hours of discomfort. Several Puritans passing by pay
text: little heed to her. Punishment in stocks is an ordinary event. Then
text: comes Mistress Hibbins. Her nose is in the air. She smirks
text: triumphantly and switches her skirts as she sails past.
scene_heading: 72 INT. REVEREND DIMMESDALE'S STUDY
text: Shocked, the minister hurriedly leaves his study.
scene_heading: 73 LONG SHOT OF SQUARE
text: The minister is seen hurrying out of his house and up to the stocks.
scene_heading: 74 CLOSE-UP WOODEN SIGN OVER THE STOCKS
text: On it is inscribed in old English script:
text: PUNISHED FOR LAUGHING AND
text: SINGING ON THE SABBATH.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 75 SEMI CLOSE-UP AT STOCKS
text: A dreadful weakness has overcome Hester. Hearing footsteps
text: approaching, she raises her head, and, upon seeing the minister
text: standing there staring at her aghast, she speaks through scarcely
text: moving lips, "Water."
speaker_heading: 76 LONGER SHOT
text: The minister hurries away to the pump, not far from the church.
text: He fills the small pewter mug with water, and then turns and
text: hurries back to Hester, dropping on his knees beside her.
speaker_heading: 77 STREET
text: A shot of Mistress Hibbins and Giles seeing Reverend Dimmesdale
text: administering aid to Hester.
scene_heading: 78 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: The minister, sincerely touched by Hester's suffering, kneels that
text: he may hold the cup of water to her lips. Again their eyes meet,
text: hers filled with a melting tenderness and forgiveness.
text: In his voice there is a pleading note as he tells her:
dialog: TITLE: "I did not know that the committee had meted out further
dialog: punishment to thee ... canst thou forgive me, Hester Prynne?"
text: BACK: In her eyes is not only forgiveness but the expression of
text: deep love for him. He seems strangely stirred by it, as he kneels
text: before her. Their faces are quite close together; his gaze plunges
text: into hers. ... Again he is profoundly stirred. There is a softer
text: look in his eyes as he bows his head when Hester Prynne assures
dialog: him "I did not believe that thou didst order this punishment for
text: me." Then her head droops again. It is the sight of this that
text: makes him realize she is suffering; it brings him to sudden action.
speaker_heading: 79 LONGER SHOT
text: The minister rises to his feet. He looks about him, and sees, coming
text: out of the meeting-house, the Governor followed by the beadle
text: and two other Puritans. The minister, eager for Hester's freedom,
text: hurries over toward the steps of the meeting-house.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. MEETING-HOUSE CLOSE SHOT OF STEPS
text: The Governor is slow, ponderous and wordy. His dignity is almost
text: exaggerated. The beadle thinks he is equally important. He
text: carries with him the keys to the stocks. The minister, in a few
text: words, speaks to the Governor about Hester; he points dramatically
text: off scene, and asks for her release.
text: The Governor gives orders to the beadle to open the stocks and
text: free Hester. The minister, almost intensely eager, hurries away
text: followed by the beadle.
scene_heading: 81 SEMI CLOSE-UP STOCKS
text: The minister and the beadle enter. As the beadle starts to put the
dialog: key into the lock--
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 82 SEMI CLOSE MISTRESS HIBBINS AND GILES
text: They are watching--Mistress Hibbins indignant because Hester is
text: spared, Giles delighted.
scene_heading: 83 SEMI CLOSE-UP STOCKS
text: The minister raises Hester to her feet. She is weak; her legs are
text: stiff from sitting so long in that rigid position. She totters slightly.
text: Believing that she is going to fall, he puts his arm around her to
text: support her. She looks up at him gratefully. Thus they exit
text: toward her home.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 84 FADE IN EXT. HESTER PRYNNE'S HOUSE
text: Hester and the minister have reached the house and are standing
text: outside her door. They are standing there in strange quiet, for
text: Hester is still weak from the ordeal through which she has passed.
text: She holds out her hands and he takes them both in his. His words
dialog: are stern for he is saying:
dialog: TITLE: "I hope thou hast learned a great lesson, Hester Prynne
dialog: --to beware the vanities of life."
text: BACK: But his eyes linger upon the sweetness of her face.
text: Reverend Dimmesdale realizes this very moment what he has
text: feared to acknowledge to himself!--that he is in love with Hester.
text: She reaches for his hand and draws it to her lips--a gesture to
text: express her gratitude. This caress startles him. He grows afraid
text: of her, as if hers was the voice of the devil luring him from cold
text: piety. Without a word he turns and hurries away from her.
speaker_heading: 85 LONGER SHOT
text: The minister flies from Hester because he is afraid of this love.
text: Then he looks back. Another dramatic pause; she is leaning forward
text: over the little gate, looking after him.
scene_heading: 86 CLOSE-UP REVEREND DIMMESDALE
text: For one brief moment he is carried away by an impulse to hurry
text: back to her side, perhaps even to declare his love. He is fighting
text: with his innermost conscience. Again that look of fear! He turns
text: and walks away.
scene_heading: 87 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Hester is gazing after the minister. How deeply she loves him!
dialog: How unashamed she is of this love! And, though filled with infinite
text: longing for him, there comes over her an emotion of happiness; she
text: is now aware that he is in love with her. With this happiness
text: singing in her heart, she hurries into the house.
scene_heading: 88 INT. HESTER'S HOME
text: Hester enters. She walks in deep reverie.
scene_heading: 89 CLOSE-UP REVEREND DIMMESDALE (CAMERA ON TRACK)
text: As Reverend Dimmesdale walks along in great strides, as if he
text: were hurrying to escape from the lure of Hester, we see his
text: struggle to put her out of his heart. Again he is afraid. He is
dialog: saying to himself, "No--no, I cannot let myself yield to material
dialog: love." For a moment he hates her; he hates her for the acknowledgement
text: of his own weakness; and then there comes again a transition. It
text: brings him to a sudden stop. There sweeps over him a tender feeling
text: for her, a longing to see her again--something of the same ecstasy
text: that Hester had known. His face is suddenly aglow with beauty and
text: softness. His eyes are deeply tender. He seems almost overcome by
text: this sudden rush of emotion.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. DIMMESDALE'S HOUSE
text: Dimmesdale, walking toward the door of his house, is in such a
text: gaze that he doesn't notice Giles. Giles greets him happily and
text: then stares after the minister amazed, because the minister, with
text: wide open eyes, walks like one in a sleep.
scene_heading: 91 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Hester is seated on a little stool at work on a bridal veil. She is
text: busy with her needle; for it is she who makes the wedding veils
text: for the village girls. Now she stops to bite off a thread. When
text: this is done, she holds it up and studies it, pleased with the result.
text: Now there comes to her a desire to try this veil upon herself to
text: see if it becomes her. She rises and goes to the wall ... where
text: the hidden mirror is hung.
scene_heading: 92 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AT MIRROR
text: Hester has again set aside the worsted mat and is trying on the
text: bridal veil.
scene_heading: 93 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Hester's eyes are filled with loving memories of Reverend Dimmesdale as
text: she gazes at herself in the mirror, and she sighs as she draws her hand
text: caressingly over the veil. She whispers "Beloved," her face leaning so
text: close to the mirror that her lips almost caress the reflection.
scene_heading: 94 INT. REVEREND DIMMESDALE'S STUDY
text: Reverend Dimmesdale sitting there dreaming of Hester. His eyes
text: reflect her own thought of him.
scene_heading: 95 INT. HESTER'S ROOM SEMI CLOSE-UP
text: Hester is gazing dreamily into the mirror. Then there comes a
text: complete transition of her expression from ecstasy to fear. "No--
dialog: no!" she cries aloud. "I can never wear a bridal veil--never!"
text: And with a dramatic gesture she pulls the bridal veil from her
text: head. Hester, who is married, knows that she cannot wed Dimmesdale
text: even though he should ask her. This thought brings fear and
text: sorrow to her. She looks down at the bridal veil, her tears falling
dialog: upon it.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Giles is knocking at the door.
scene_heading: 97 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Hester tries to wipe away her tears as she hurries to the door.
text: She opens it and Giles enters. Giles, who is grinning happily as
text: he comes into the room, because he likes Hester and is always
text: glad to see her, stops short as he sees the tears which she has not
text: successfully wiped away. Hester, afraid that he has seen them,
text: drops down onto a little footstool and starts putting the last stitch
text: or two into the bridal veil, busying herself with her work.
speaker_heading: 98 CLOSE-UP GILES
text: His mouth drops open as he looks upon Hester with ludicrous
text: sympathy. "Hast thou a tear in thy eye?" unconsciously indicating
dialog: his own.
scene_heading: 99 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: As she continues sewing on the veil, she forces a little smile,
dialog: answering:
dialog: TITLE: "They are tears of happiness at the thought of thy bride
dialog: who will wear this veil, Master Giles."
scene_heading: 100 SEMI CLOSE-UP GILES AND HESTER
text: Hester rises to show the veil to Giles. He handles it in his big
text: clumsy hands, awkwardly holding it out and grinning a sheepish,
text: embarrassed grin. Hester clasps her hands as she looks at the veil.
text: When Giles sees her intent gaze upon it, he suggests:
dialog: TITLE: "Perhaps thou wilt be wearing a bridal veil someday?"
text: BACK: At this the same look of pain that he had seen in Hester's
text: eyes comes back to them again. Giles is a simple person; he has
text: no idea how she betrays herself when she cries out, "No, no, Giles!
text: Never! Never!" Then, to his utter astonishment, she turns her
text: back to him and buries her face in her hands. Giles makes several
text: very awkward gestures. He doesn't know whether to place his
text: big hand on her shoulder and pet her--to offer consolation--to inquire
text: into the cause of her grief--or what to do. So he just stands
text: there rocking on his big, flat feet, looking wild-eyed and bewildered.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 101 FADE IN CLOSE-UP COVERING THE ENTIRE SCREEN A VOLUME OF THE
scene_heading: LAWS OF THE COLONY
text: The Governor's hand wavers and turns over the pages.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP OF THE GOVERNOR
text: The Governor is studying the book, peering through his huge spectacles
text: at the page he has turned to.
scene_heading: INSERT: CLOSE-UP OF PAGE
dialog: This paragraph covers the entire page:
text: LAW FOR WASHING ON MONDAY
dialog: Nether garments of women are necessary though
text: immodest. They must be washed in secret and
text: hidden far from masculine eyes.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE THIS PAGE INTO:
scene_heading: 102 EXT. STREAM IN THE COUNTRY LONG SHOT
text: It is summer now. A lovely scene of the brook, the trees--and
dialog: here and there women washing their clothes.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. LONELY ISOLATED BEND IN THE STREAM
text: Hester has found an isolated spot to do her washing. She rises
text: from her knees beside the brook, wrings out a pair of panties,
text: then hurries away to where she is hanging the nether-garments to
dialog: dry.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. LIMB OF TREE SEMI LONG SHOT
text: There is hanging on the low branch of the tree a petticoat. Hester
text: enters, unwraps the article that she has brought with her, straightens
text: them out and starts to hang them up. When they are in place, with her
text: fingers she flutes the ruffle. While she is in the midst of doing this,
text: she looks up, startled. She hears--
scene_heading: 105 CLOSE-UP MINISTER'S FEET
text: The feet come down heavily on a fallen twig--and it snaps in two.
scene_heading: 106 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: With a little suppressed cry of horror, she snatches the panties
text: from the line and holds them in back of her. The footsteps are
text: approaching. She looks around, bewildered, for some avenue of
text: escape. And then that expression of horror deepens when she
dialog: sees ...
speaker_heading: 107 LONGER SHOT
text: Who should be walking along in meditation as he reads from a small
text: prayer book but Reverend Dimmesdale. Hester tries to escape before
text: he sees her, plunging behind a large protective bush.
scene_heading: 108 CLOSE-UP REVEREND DIMMESDALE
text: He has looked up in time to see a woman running guiltily. He
dialog: calls out to her:
dialog: TITLE: "Woman, whoever thou art, stop!"
text: 109 LONG SHOT OF A CLUMP OF BUSHES
text: Drawing himself up to a dignified height, Reverend Dimmesdale
text: stalks over toward the bush. Hester, hiding in back of it, is vainly
text: trying to keep away from him. The action almost resolves itself
text: into a game of tag. He starts one way--she runs around the other
text: way. They keep this up, until, both running, they find themselves
text: face to face. Hester, with a wild, guilty look in her eyes, holds
text: the garment in back of her.
scene_heading: 110 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: The minister is endeavoring to gaze at her sternly. "Hester
dialog: Prynne, thou hast a guilty look in thine eyes. Thou hast been sinning
dialog: again!"
text: Hester, wild-eyed, keeps backing away from him. "No--no!" she
dialog: pleads. "I am innocent--I have done no wrong. Please go away!
dialog: Please leave me!"
speaker_heading: 111 LONGER SHOT
text: Hester is slowly backing away--her eyes fixed on the minister's
text: face. His command rings out again. "Stop, Hester! Thou art
dialog: hiding something!"
text: Blushing, embarrassed and shy, Hester keeps backing away.
text: "Hester Prynne, stop!" So compelling is the note in his voice that
text: she dares not move and stands there transfixed, her hands in back
dialog: of her.
text: With a stern, forbidding look, Reverend Dimmesdale stalks over to
text: Hester, stops short before her, and peers over her shoulder. He
text: stands there stunned for a moment. Then, without a word, he
text: turns on his heel and walks away with head lowered and his eyes
text: modestly on his prayer-book. Hester watches him until he is gone
text: from sight. Then with one swift gesture she tosses the garment
text: to one side and hurries after him.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. WOODED LANE LONG SHOT
text: From a distance we see the minister walking along, quite swiftly,
text: away from Hester, his gaze still upon the prayer-book that he
text: holds in his hands. Then comes the little figure of Hester running
text: toward him until she is at his side.
scene_heading: 113 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER (CAMERA ON TRACK)
text: The minister with a most pious air tries to pretend that he doesn't
text: even see Hester. She cannot keep up with his long strides. Sometimes
text: she falls behind and has to run to keep up with him. Then
text: with mock seriousness, she steps out with long strides to mate his
text: own footsteps. He looks up, pretending surprise, nods to her
text: rather curtly, then glances straight ahead of him. But at that he
dialog: is rather pleased, for the Reverend Dimmesdale, though he would
text: deny it himself, is seriously in love with Hester. And as they
text: walk, they look toward each other again, the minister trying to
dialog: preserve an air of dignity and slight disapproval that she should make
text: so bold as to persist in talking to him.
text: At last she breaks the silence. She says in a very quiet, demure
text: manner, though there is an arch smile in her eyes:
dialog: TITLE: "It would be pleasant, sir, to walk beside thee and hear
dialog: thee condemn me for my sins."
text: BACK: And with this she edges one step nearer him so that, as
text: they walk side by side, her swinging arm touches his sleeve.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. COUNTRY VERY LONG SHOT
text: We see fading away into the distance, until they are lost in the
text: silhouette of trees, the minister and Hester.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 115 FADE IN EXT. COUNTRY AT BROOK
text: This is a beautiful location. Its beauty plays a part in the story,
text: because years later Hester and the minister return to this scene of
text: the first declaration of their love.
text: They are seated beside the brook, gazing into each other's eyes--
text: the minister prone upon the ground, leaning up on his elbow as he
text: studies Hester. Though he loves her, he must always struggle to
dialog: hide his love.
scene_heading: 116 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: Hester's eyes as they search Reverend Dimmesdale again betray
text: the great love that she feels for him. Again he is stirred
text: profoundly, though always there is within him that constant struggle
text: against all emotional expression. Hester, who loves deeply, loves
text: unreservedly, and has neither false pride nor false modesty. She
text: bends close to him. Her eyes pleading that he care for her, willing
text: to yield herself to the glowing joy of love that she may find a
text: sacred happiness in his arms.
text: She asks him with quiet emphasis:
dialog: TITLE: "Is it so great a sin to love? Why are we taught to be
dialog: ashamed of it?"
text: BACK: Reverend Dimmesdale cannot answer. He moves closer
text: to her as if his arms would reach and draw her into them. It is
text: a moment pregnant with emotional suspense. An impulse seizes
text: him to crush her in his arms; his hand, taut upon her wrist, would
text: draw her nearer ... wild, unspoken words of love thrill through
text: him, but remain soundless in his heart. Thus they face each
text: other; Hester in an ecstasy of yielding; Reverend Dimmesdale
text: glowing with a great desire, yet held in leash by the fear of life
dialog: that has been taught him through all those years of grueling
text: religious training. With a despairing gesture, he turns away from
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: 117 LONGER SHOT
text: Reverend Dimmesdale springs to his feet. He hurries from Hester.
text: But Hester does not move. She sits there quietly in a shaft
text: of light that pierces through the tall trees, divinely happy because
text: his eyes have told her that he loves her.
text: Reverend Dimmesdale stops short.
scene_heading: 118 CLOSE-UP REVEREND DIMMESDALE
text: He stands there struggling against all these years of discipline--
text: against emotional outlet. His face is tense and set.
scene_heading: 119 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Her eyes are filled with dreams. She waits happily as if she knew
dialog: that he would return to her.
speaker_heading: 120 LONG SHOT
text: Reverend Dimmesdale walks swiftly back to Hester, falls on his
text: knees before her, draws her into his arms, and kisses her with a
text: fierce tenderness.
scene_heading: 121 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND REVEREND DIMMESDALE
text: Again and again he kisses her, whispering to her passionate words
dialog: of love; because once a man of his nature releases himself to a
text: great physical emotion, all restraint is torn away; he knows no
text: barriers; it becomes a terrific, hysterical release.
text: After her first moment of yielding, there comes a fear of so great
text: a passion in the man she loves. Hester draws away from him, a
text: slight, almost unconscious gesture, her eyes searching his face perhaps
text: fearfully, as if she were seeing him in the light of a stranger
text: for that brief moment. It is when he sees this slight challenge in
text: Hester's eyes that he cries out in fierce protest:
dialog: TITLE: "Hester, I love thee. There is no sin in a love like ours!"
text: BACK: And as he holds her close to him, his lips seek hers again.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 122 FADE IN EXT. VILLAGE STREET NIGHT WINTER
text: A light snow is falling. The village is plunged in darkness except
text: for the lights from a few windows.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE INTO:
scene_heading: 123 INT. BEADLE'S HOUSE
text: In this plain, somber living-room filled with only the barest necessities
text: of furniture, Giles is courting Patience, the girl of his heart.
text: The two of them are seated on a long wooden bench, making love
text: by talking to each other through a long speaking tube. A fire
text: flickers in the fireplace.
text: Mother sits in the room busy at the loom. Jonathan Appletree is
text: reading out loud from the Bible.
scene_heading: 124 SEMI CLOSE-UP GILES AND PATIENCE (AKELEY
dialog: SHOT FROM ONE TO ANOTHER)
text: Patience is a typical Puritan girl who, unlike Hester, has no
text: springtime in her heart. Mechanically she obeys all the prescribed
text: laws. Giles has asked her father for her hand in marriage, and
text: has been accepted. So now he is trying to whisper sweet nothings
text: through the speaking tube into her ears.
text: As Giles, through his end of the tube, is whispering quite tender
text: words, Patience listens quite primly, then her lips begin to curve
text: in a pleased smile at his flattering words, and her eyes drop in
text: shy modesty, and she simpers, "How dare you!" Their pantomime
text: explains the scene.
speaker_heading: 125 LONGER SHOT
text: The beadle looks at his heavy watch, raps on the Bible and tells
text: Giles it is time he left. Giles reluctantly reaches for his tall hat--
text: and she leads the way to the door. Giles looks up and sees that
text: the beadle is engrossed with his Bible. With a mischievous twinkle
text: in his eyes, Giles watches his chance, bends over and kisses her
text: chastely upon the cheek. An outcry from the girl as she draws
text: back in horror. Father and Mother both rise and march over to
text: them. The stern old beadle denounces Giles, and the girl then
text: and there refuses to marry Giles, exclaiming with great dignity
dialog: and righteous wrath:
dialog: TITLE: "Father, I cannot allow thee to wed me to a man of such
dialog: unbridled passions."
text: BACK: Giles pleads with Patience to forgive him, but she turns
text: her back, and her father orders Giles out, while the mother tries
dialog: to comfort her daughter.
scene_heading: 126 LONG SHOT OF MARKET-PLACE IN THE SNOW
text: Giles, crossing the market-place, passes the meeting-house. The
text: door opens and the minister comes out.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. MEETING-HOUSE CLOSER SHOT
text: Through the lighted door we can see into the room. There sits
dialog: the Governor and two or three of the Puritans. Reverend Dimmesdale
text: hurries out and closes the door after him. Giles and the minister
text: pass, exchanging a brief greeting. The minister hurries on toward
text: Hester's house.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. SHOWING HESTER'S HOUSE
text: The minister going toward Hester's house. A group of Puritans
text: pass and the minister is forced to step into the shadows until they
text: are gone from sight.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. CORNER OF MARKET-PLACE
text: Giles passes the old man who rings the curfew bell for "Lights
text: out!" The old fellow carries a huge lantern in one hand and a
text: bell in the other. We can see by his expression that he is saying,
dialog: "Why out so late, Giles? Hurry on thy way home! Be gone--I
dialog: will soon be ringing the bell."
scene_heading: 130 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Hester is seated before the fireplace at the loom. The quiet room
text: is made interesting by the glow of candlelight. Hester is spinning
text: her thread preparatory to weaving.
text: She hears the approach of footsteps outside, as they crunch upon
text: the snow. She listens, startled and intent, rising and going toward
dialog: the door.
scene_heading: 131 EXT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: The snow is fast piling upon the eaves. Reverend Dimmesdale
text: enters quickly, gliding into the shadows for fear that he might be
text: seen. The door is opened slightly--a chink of light shows that
text: Hester is standing there. She opens the door wide enough to admit
text: Dimmesdale, who enters, then the door is closed after him.
scene_heading: 132 INT. HESTER'S HOME
text: The minister's face is aglow with a new interest. After their embrace,
text: she looks toward him to know what has caused his strange, almost happy,
text: animation. And he tells her eagerly:
dialog: TITLE: "The Governor has appointed me as delegate to carry the
dialog: petition of our colony to the King. I sail on the next boat!"
text: BACK: Hester's eyes widen with alarm as they search his face.
text: A look of doubt and fear--they are to be separated--and yet his
text: expression reveals nothing but an eager happiness to be away.
text: Dimmesdale, seeing that she does not understand, smiles with
text: great protective tenderness as he draws her into his arms.
scene_heading: 133 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: He laughs almost boyishly, as if it pleased him a little to tease her;
text: and then his voice lowers to a caressing note as he explains how
dialog: she is to share his happiness:
dialog: TITLE: "Thou canst no longer refuse to marry me, Hester--"
text: BACK: "Shame on thee!" he adds, hardly conscious of the change
dialog: in her expression. "For the moment thou didst doubt me--thou
dialog: didst think that I was eager to be away from thee." And then,
text: the laughter dying away, "As if every moment from thee
dialog: would not be pain! Far easier for me to give up the sun than
dialog: thee, my Hester."
text: It is when he ceases protesting his love that he becomes aware of
text: the change in her; for Hester is staring at him dumbly, piteously.
text: She knows now that the moment has come when she must tell
dialog: him that she is married. But how shall she begin? Will he ever
text: forgive her for the deception? Tumultuous thoughts rage through
text: her, tormenting her, bringing her almost to the verge of breaking
text: down before she has even made her confession. Almost as if she
text: were afraid to speak, for she has beheld a look of fear in his eyes,
text: she turns away from him.
speaker_heading: 134 LONGER SHOT
text: The minister stares at her incredulously for a few moments as she
text: drops on her knees before a small, worn trunk. She opens it and
text: rummages through its treasures until she finds a little leather bag.
text: She dumps its contents upon the floor and searches until she has
text: found a ring, a plain, broad wedding-ring. She picks it up, and
text: carries it to Dimmesdale.
scene_heading: 135 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: Hester holds the ring before him; it lies in the palm of her
text: outstretched hand. He stares at it for a few moments and cannot
dialog: quite understand.
dialog: "My wedding ring," she says simply. "I have worn it upon this
text: finger," making to slip it upon the fourth finger of her left hand.
text: He stares at it, then drops it from his hand as if it were a live
text: coal that had burned his fingers. "O my God, Hester!" is wrung
dialog: from his very heart. "Thou hast betrayed our love. Thou hast
dialog: been false to vows made to another. Thou hast lied to me and
text: cheated me!" A terrible pain tugs at his heart. It seems at this
text: terrific moment as if he hated Hester for the intense agony he is
text: passing through. "Thou!" and he points his finger at her, "who
dialog: art the wife of another! And in my heart thou wert my wife!'
dialog: Our love held all the sacredness of marriage. Oh, my God, Hester!"
dialog: and his grief mounts. "Why didst thou so betray me?"
text: Pitifully she goes to him, and lays a gentle hand upon his arm.
dialog: "I am guilty," she replies quietly, "and I am guilty of a great love
dialog: for thee."
text: She beseeches him to listen to her. With eyes pleading for
text: understanding and forgiveness, she explains to him:
dialog: TITLE: "I was never wife to him. I hated him!"
text: She continues after a dramatic pause:
dialog: TITLE: "On the day I left England, my father married me to a
dialog: wealthy surgeon. ... He was to follow on the next ship when
dialog: his estates had been settled."
text: BACK: Hester is reviewing her past--she sees it all before her
text: as if it were yesterday, her eyes wide with remembrance:
dialog: TITLE: "These years that have passed have brought no word
dialog: from him, though my father wrote me that he had left England."
text: BACK: The minister stands there listening to her, so utterly
text: crushed because he cannot make her entirely his, his to love
text: and protect, his to journey with him on the mission which is
text: to take him away a year. So shaken is he that though he
text: has forgiven her, he has no words for her, no look, no gestures.
speaker_heading: 136 LONGER SHOT
text: He turns with bowed head to leave her, as if he could not endure
dialog: any longer an intimacy that had been sacred to him until this
dialog: shadow had been thrown upon it. Why must he leave with this
text: sorrow in his heart? She hurries to the door and stops him.
scene_heading: 137 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: She clings to him. "O my darling!" she cries, "do not leave me
dialog: at such a shadowed hour. I love thee. It is my love which has
dialog: betrayed thee. Parting from thee is twisting my heart with pain!"
text: He hears the caress of her voice, he feels the warmth of her arms.
text: He turns back to her, conscious only of his love for her. Again
text: there is pleading in her voice.
dialog: TITLE: "O my beloved, I was afraid if thou didst know the
dialog: truth, thou wouldst deny me those moments of great happiness
dialog: that have passed between us--"
text: BACK: They cling to each other, tragic figures lost in their
text: mutual sorrow. (And now the church, which stands between
text: them, tolls its warning voice.) They are listening.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 138 STREET NIGHT SNOWING
text: The old man is ringing the bell which warns the villagers, "Lights out!"
scene_heading: 139 EXT. VILLAGE STREET NIGHT SNOW
text: The lights in the windows blink out.
scene_heading: 140 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: The two are standing by the door. The curfew has brought them
text: back to sudden consciousness. He must leave, hurriedly! He cups
text: her face in his hands, and his gaze plunges deep into her eyes. He
text: studies her intently as if to photograph indelibly upon his memory
text: every detail of her beloved face. Then, without a farewell pressure
text: of lips upon lips, he turns and hurries away while he still
text: has the courage to leave her. When he is gone, she stands there
text: staring after him--her body poised for flight. Then there comes
text: flooding over her the realization that he is gone--that she is going
dialog: to bring into the world a child--and that she must face this tragedy
dialog: alone!
text: Fear, stark and terrifying, lays hold of Hester. Her hand goes
dialog: to her heart. How can she face those grim Puritans alone? What
dialog: will become of her? And of the child who sleeps under her heart?
text: The thought of her child works a strange miracle in her--it calms
text: her into a wistful reverie, wherein fear for the moment plays no
text: part. Hester's arms feel her child in them. Then fear touches
text: her again, as there floods over her all the tragedy that the
dialog: future holds for her. "I can't face it alone! I haven't the
text: courage," she cries aloud.
speaker_heading: 141 LONGER SHOT
text: She sweeps open the door.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: In the lighted doorway, we can see Hester. She runs out into
text: the snow, beckoning, "Come back! Come back!" ... But he is
text: already gone. She stops. She cannot let him know--she cannot
text: send him away with this burden on his heart. She turns back into
text: the house and closes the door after her.
scene_heading: 143 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Hester seems white and drawn and her eyes are flaming with
text: budding terror. At last when her emotion has reached a crisis
dialog: she cries out, "O Lord forgive me--and make Thine eyes to shine
dialog: upon me in my hour of travail and repentance!"
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
text: 144 FADE IN VOLUME OF LAWS OF THE COLONY
text: The Governor's hand again enters--turns over the pages.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE INTO:
speaker_heading: 145 CLOSE-UP PAGE
text: On this page in large, legible type is written:
dialog: TITLE: Punishment for Adultery
dialog: The text is as follows:
text: The wanton creature shall be called to the scaffold in the
text: village square and branded before the eyes of the world.
scene_heading: THIS PAGE LAP DISSOLVES INTO:
scene_heading: 146 EXT. MARKET-PLACE LONG SHOT
text: The scaffold stands in grim, bleak silhouette against the barren
text: walls of the church. At the base of the scaffold are quiet groups
text: of Puritans. They look almost as forbidding as the scaffold itself.
text: Many Puritans are marching solemnly toward it. The whole picture
text: suggests something grim and terrible.
scene_heading: 147 INT. MEETING-HOUSE SEMI LONG SHOT
text: The Governor and several funereal looking Puritans are in the
text: meeting-house. Their eyes reflect the solemn occasion. They are
text: trudging down the steps, their faces almost expressionless, when
text: one looks through the window. There is a flare of excitement
text: when he points off scene, "Look Reverend Dimmesdale is returning!"
scene_heading: 148 EXT. MARKET-PLACE SEMI LONG SHOT
text: Reverend Dimmesdale on horseback is riding toward the meeting-house.
text: As he passes the camera his face is aglow, for he brings them good
text: news. His eyes are lit with other fires--he is soon to see Hester!
scene_heading: 149 INT. MEETING-HOUSE
text: The Governor and the Puritans, in their eagerness to greet the
text: minister, have forgotten the solemnity of the occasion. Their faces
text: are now wreathed in smiles and he enters and hurries over to them.
text: 150 CLOSER SHOT OF GROUP
text: After the greeting is over, Reverend Dimmesdale tells them with
dialog: eager enthusiasm:
dialog: TITLE: "I have brought good news to thee: our petition has
dialog: been granted by the King!"
dialog: BACK: This is indeed good news. There is movement and interest and
dialog: conversation.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. FOOT OF SCAFFOLD SEMI LONG SHOT
text: There stands on the scaffold a Puritan with face like an executioner.
text: He is the drummer. Very solemnly he raises his sticks and beats the
text: drum. It is a call to arms.
scene_heading: 152 INT. MEETING-HOUSE SEMI CLOSE UP GOVERNOR, REVEREND
scene_heading: DIMMESDALE AND PURITANS
text: The ominous sound of the drum has arrested them.
text: "What are the drums beating for?" asks the minister, although
text: the prophetic shadow of fear is already upon his face.
text: The Governor's eyes narrow to cruel slits. He speaks in an ugly
text: voice filled with stern condemnation: "In a few minutes Hester
text: Prynne will be brought from her prison cell."
text: Dimmesdale stands like one stunned. He turns to the Governor
dialog: and asks with tragic mien:
dialog: TITLE: "Why hast thou imprisoned Hester Prynne? What
dialog: crime hath she committed?"
dialog: The Governor is a man of dignity. He cannot speak of such
text: indelicate things as "babies" in a loud voice, so he leans close to
text: the minister's ear and whispers Hester's crime. When its full
text: significance dawns upon him: "She is one of my parishioners. I
dialog: must go to her. She is suffering; I must bring comfort to her."
text: When he leaves, the Governor and the beadle look after him.
dialog: "A good man," says the Governor. "His first thought is for his
dialog: flock."
text: "A very good man," repeats the beadle, looking after the minister
text: with kindly eyes. "He suffers deeply for the sins of others."
scene_heading: 153 INT. PRISON CELL LONG SHOT
text: It is a grim, bleak, formidable prison. Huge spiked doors. A
text: high-barred window through which streams a path of daylight.
text: In a rough cradle lies Hester's baby. Hester sits there on a little
text: stool, gazing straight ahead, her supine hands in her lap, no light
text: coming into her great eyes which are dull, almost expressionless.
text: Eyes that are like ghosts of a remote sorrow. All emotion seems
text: whipped from her, so much has she suffered. Her gestures are
text: eloquent of her utter abandonment of hope. She has already endured
text: so much she gives the impression that life has passed her by
text: and nothing will ever be able to hurt her again. She sits there
text: staring down at the baby. Once she leans over to pick some
text: little piece of lint from off the woven coverlet, or to draw her finger
text: lightly over the sleeping child's face.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. PRISON
text: The beadle protests slightly about Reverend Dimmesdale's entering
text: the prison, but his protests are waved aside.
scene_heading: 155 INT. HESTER'S PRISON CELL CLOSE-UP
text: Hester hears footsteps and voices outside. She glances dully
text: toward the door, wondering if the guards have come for her.
scene_heading: 156 INT. HESTER'S CELL
text: The warden has opened the door. Reverend Dimmesdale enters
text: and stands there staring transfixed at Hester. So stunned is he
text: that he makes no perceptible move.
speaker_heading: 157 CLOSE-UP HESTER
dialog: So much has Hester suffered that one feels her reactions are not
text: quite normal. She stares at Reverend Dimmesdale through veiled
text: eyes, almost as if she were not quite certain that it is he, as if
text: she could not believe that he had really come to her at last.
speaker_heading: 158 LONGER SHOT
text: It is when the door is closed by the warden and these two are
text: alone that an agonized cry is wrung from the heart of the minister,
dialog: "Hester!"
text: It is his voice that brings him closer to her. When he rushes
text: toward her and drops on his knees before her, she could almost
text: swoon from the surge of sorrow commingled with infinite relief
dialog: at having him close to her again, to give her courage, to endure the
text: ordeal through which she is about to pass. Dimmesdale glances
text: at the baby.
scene_heading: INSERT: CLOSE-UP OF BABY
scene_heading: 159 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: The tears have dried in Hester's heart--they do not well to her
text: eyes. It is the minister who breaks down completely. He is sobbing,
dialog: "O Hester, canst thou ever forgive me? I never dreamed but
dialog: that thou wert happily waiting for me. Oh, what thou must have
dialog: suffered. And I, free, unpunished, allowed to walk in God's sunshine,
dialog: while thou art doomed to a prison cell--"
text: His tears fall onto her hand while she sits there looking at him,
text: loving him, pitying him, as a mother would love and pity her child,
text: so tenderly does she lay her hand upon his head in sweet comfort.
text: When a woman has endured as much as Hester, there comes to
text: her a strange, almost abnormal, calm. She is not aroused from
text: this until the minister cries out to her:
dialog: TITLE: "Thou shalt suffer no longer! I shall tell them that I
dialog: am to blame, that I am the one who should be scourged!"
text: BACK: Then it is that Hester is fully aroused. The thought that
dialog: he must suffer, that _he_ must be branded, is more than she can
dialog: bear. She pleads with him, "No--no! Thou must keep our
dialog: secret locked in thy heart! I cannot bear to have thee suffer!"
text: She covers his mouth fearfully with her hand. "Be silent! Or thou
dialog: wouldst cause my death! I am dying--dying! I could no longer
dialog: live once I did see thee dragged through the village square, mocked
dialog: at, hissed at, despised!"
dialog: It is then that he challenges her: "But what right hast thou to
dialog: suffer alone? Wouldst thou make of me a coward?"
text: All the mother-love that Hester shows toward her baby is revealed
text: in her eyes as she looks upon him who at this moment is also a child
text: to her. She tells him with pious sincerity:
dialog: TITLE: "We have sinned. I am paying for my sin..."
text: He looks up at her compassionately. She speaks again:
dialog: TITLE: "Thou must answer for thine in service to others. Thy
dialog: people love and honor thee. ... What right hast thou to
dialog: tear down their ideal?"
text: BACK: Hester's admonition's make their impression upon Dimmesdale.
text: He hesitates in pain--then protests: "Hester wouldst thou brand me
dialog: a coward--cheapen me--and make me unto myself a Pharisee? I must go
dialog: at once and tell them."
text: He rises as if he were about to rush out of the cell.
speaker_heading: 160 LONGER SHOT
text: As he starts toward the door, Hester runs to him and clings to
text: him. With all her heart she is pleading with him to hold to this
text: silence in protection of others, crying out:
dialog: TITLE: "If we serve God we will atone for the sin that is ours.
dialog: Thy service lies in the salvation of souls."
text: BACK: He stands staring at her with stunned eyes. Before he
text: can answer, the guards have flung open the door. Hester has
text: sprung away from him so that all they see is the humble figure of
text: Hester with bowed head standing before their beloved minister.
text: The guard tells him the Governor wants him.
text: He leaves, his burning eyes fastened upon her. Her last motion to
text: him is a pleading one not to reveal himself. When the doors
text: are closed and she is left alone with one of the guards, she looks
text: fearfully in the direction he has departed, her fear growing because
text: she does not know whether or not her pleas have convinced him
text: that he must endure his silence as part of his punishment.
scene_heading: 161 CLOSE-UP OF DRUM BEATING
text: The ominous sound of the muffled drum (interpreted in the orchestra
text: pit) is dramatic preparation for Hester's entrance from prison and her
text: march to the scaffold.
scene_heading: 162 INT. HESTER'S PRISON CELL
text: Hester's back is to the camera. The guard is standing there
text: watching her. Hester's movements indicate that she is pinning
text: something upon her breast, but we do not see what it is. Then
text: she lifts the sleeping child from out its cradle and holds it against
text: her breast. And when she turns around, her badge of shame is
dialog: not revealed.
scene_heading: 163 INT. MEETING-HOUSE
text: Reverend Dimmesdale enters the meeting-house. His face is white
dialog: and drawn.
scene_heading: 164 EXT. PRISON GATES
text: The prison gates are opened. Two guards march out, huge, solemn-
text: looking men who suggest executioners. Then Hester comes,
text: slowly, carrying her child upon her breast. Though her face is
text: marked with suffering, she holds her head high with fine sweeping
text: pride; for soon she is to pass through the crowds who will point
text: their fingers at her.
scene_heading: 165 EXT. BALCONY OF MEETING-HOUSE
text: The Governor, the beadle, and several Puritans stand out on this
text: balcony, which is parallel with the scaffold. It is from there,
text: over the heads of the people, that the Governor will call out
text: Hester's sentence. The minister joins them there. A fearful
text: change is wrought in him. His eyes are stark and staring; his
text: face looks haggard; a dreadful weakness has come over him. He is
text: staring down at the foot of the scaffold where he sees Hester, the
text: martyr, reviled by the villagers who have gathered there to witness
text: the consummation of her shame.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. SCAFFOLD SEMI LONG SHOT
text: As Hester marches through the crowd to the scaffold, they stand
text: there, grave, disturbed with hatred of her.
scene_heading: 167 CLOSER SHOT OF HESTER
text: Mistress Hibbins cackles and points her fingers. "Adultress!" she
text: screams in her high, shrill voice.
text: Giles pushes forward, and with his sharp elbow stabs Mistress
text: Hibbins until she is forced back. Then he takes her place. His
text: eyes are sad. He speaks the only words of comfort she has heard.
dialog: "Have courage, Hester, thou hast in me a friend." His face is
text: made grotesque by his sympathy for her. She walks past, head
text: held high, regal as a queen. She hears neither Mistress Hibbins'
text: reviling nor Giles' words of comfort.
scene_heading: 168 CLOSE-UP BALCONY OF MEETING-HOUSE
text: There is a certain satisfaction to the Governor and the beadle, who
dialog: have ordered this punishment, to see how much the sinner is enduring.
text: They exchange pompous and dignified glances. The more pain and sorrow
dialog: she endures, the better example she will be to the other women of the
text: village. Interested in their own reactions, they do not notice the
text: tragic figure of the minister as, in agony, he watches Hester.
scene_heading: 169 LONG SHOT OF THE VILLAGE SQUARE
text: Hester has now mounted to the scaffold and is standing there, her
text: child held close to her breast. All the villagers are gathered around
text: the scaffold. On the balcony, even from this distance, can be seen
text: the Governor, the minister and the beadle.
scene_heading: 170 EXT. BALCONY
text: Dimmesdale is staring at Hester, distraught. The Governor turns to
text: him and is apparently unconscious of the dreadful expression on
text: his face. He insists to the minister:
dialog: TITLE: "The charge of her soul has been with thee. Exhort her
dialog: to confess her fellow sinner."
text: BACK: Dimmesdale is staring at the Governor, realizing that he,
text: despite his struggle, has to step forward before the crowd and
text: speak to the woman that he loves.
scene_heading: 171 CLOSE-UP SCAFFOLD
text: Hester with pitiful dignity stands there holding her child in her
text: arms. Now she looks over and sees Dimmesdale on the balcony--
text: his eyes almost on a level with hers. And again there comes to
text: her the fear that he will reveal himself.
scene_heading: 172 SEMI CLOSE-UP BALCONY OF MEETING-HOUSE
text: Reverend Dimmesdale steps forward. "Hester Prynne," he cries
dialog: out, "I charge thee to speak out the name of thy fellow-sinner
dialog: and fellow-sufferer!"
scene_heading: 173 EXT. SCAFFOLD AND BALCONY SEMI LONG SHOT
text: This shot is to establish that the crowds standing around the
text: scaffold now turn from Hester, who has held their attention, to the
text: minister, whose voice, ringing out to Hester, holds them. His
text: gestures very clearly show that he is speaking to Hester. And it
text: is across the heads of the multitude that Hester and the minister
text: play their dramatic love scene, wherein Hester tells to him, whose
dialog: ears alone understand, the depth and beauty of her love; wherein
text: his words of pity and sympathy make known to her the tragic tenderness
dialog: that he feels.
scene_heading: 174 SEMI CLOSE-UP OF BALCONY
text: Dimmesdale, struggling with his own emotion, inwardly praying
text: that she will point her finger at him and free him from his
text: struggle with his own conscience, beseeches her:
dialog: TITLE: "O Hester, be not silent from any mistaken pity and
dialog: tenderness for him."
text: BACK: He pauses for a moment until he has the courage to
dialog: continue:
dialog: TITLE: "'Twere far better that he should stand on thy pedestal
dialog: of shame than hide a guilty heart through life..."
text: BACK: He holds out his arms supplicating her to speak his name.
scene_heading: 175 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Hester has never loved so deeply as at this moment; her eyes are
text: caressing his face. A faintness overcomes her. She smiles with
text: lovely tenderness. The hand of the baby reaching up plucks at her
text: mouth. Then Hester glances down at the child, and the smile
text: deepens. Once more her eyes are upon him. Her voice carries
dialog: over to him this message of her heart:
dialog: TITLE: "I will never betray him! I love him ... and my love
dialog: will follow him through all eternity!"
scene_heading: 176 CLOSE-UP OF BALCONY
text: Reverend Dimmesdale stands there as one who walks, eyes open,
text: in a deep sleep. He cannot speak. He can only bow his head.
text: And when he looks up again, tears glisten in his eyes.
text: 177 LONG SHOT SHOWING THE SCAFFOLD, THE CROWD AND THE BALCONY
text: The gaze of the Puritans turns from the minister to Hester--
text: and back to the minister again. They are rather moved by the
text: low cadences of those voices, though the meaning of the words
dialog: is too deep for them to understand.
scene_heading: 178 CLOSE-UP AT SCAFFOLD
text: A beautiful light seem to fall upon Hester's face, the light of
text: love, as she calls across the heads of the people to him in words
dialog: that are almost a prayer:
dialog: TITLE: "O would that I would endure his agony as well as mine!"
text: BACK: Her eyes are full of a deep, forgiving compassion.
scene_heading: 179 SEMI CLOSE-UP BALCONY
text: So broken is the minister by now, so crushed is his spirit, that
text: he cannot speak again. The Governor infers from his bowed head
dialog: that the minister is sorrowful because he has not made Hester
text: confess. Now it is he who steps forward. A pompous man who
text: enjoys his power and his position, he clears his throat before he
dialog: makes this peroration: "Hester Prynne, thou art a sinner! Thou
dialog: art a wanton and a fallen woman--and I stand before thee to
dialog: mete out thy punishment!"
text: 180 SEMI LONG SHOT PILLORY CROWD AND BALCONY
text: There is a movement among the crowd, an eager pressing forward.
dialog: The Governor's words, "I shall mete out thy punishment," hold
text: their attention. Some are looking at Hester; some are waiting
text: almost breathlessly for the Governor to give his orders.
scene_heading: 181 CLOSE-UP BALCONY
text: The agony of the minister is increasing. He stands in back of
text: the Governor as the latter, pointing to Hester, cries out:
dialog: TITLE: "Reveal the brand of thy shame which thou shalt wear
dialog: until thy death--a brand which will mark thee so that the
dialog: world shall forever shun thee."
scene_heading: 182 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Slowly, Hester lowers the child that is in her arms. On her breast
text: is the scarlet letter "A" for adultery.
scene_heading: 183 EXT. SQUARE LONG SHOT
text: A very definite reaction on the crowd. Now they can let loose
text: their jeers, their hisses, their revilements. They can cry "For
dialog: shame, Hester Prynne! Look at her--the branded woman!"
speaker_heading: 184 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Like a martyr Hester stands there. The little hand of the baby
text: now tugs at the letter "A." Hester is looking up as if inwardly
text: she were praying for strength to endure her sorrow and humiliation.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 185 FADE IN INT. REVEREND DIMMESDALE'S STUDY NIGHT
text: It is night, and a flickering candle casts interesting shadows about
text: the room. Reverend Dimmesdale is alone in his study with that
text: grim shadow, "Conscience." He paces up and down the floor, up
text: and down, up and down, his mind so disturbed that his body cannot
text: be at rest. He pauses before an iron cross hanging on the wall and
text: stands regarding it tensely. Then he is drawn out of his absorption
text: by the sound of footsteps hurrying by--and he turns toward
dialog: the window to see:
scene_heading: 186 STREET NIGHT EXT. PRISON (SHOOTING THROUGH THE WINDOW IN
scene_heading: REVEREND DIMMESDALE'S STUDY)
text: A group of Puritans marching toward the prison. In the light
text: of the torches (or lanterns) which they bear, their faces appear
text: weird and fanatical. They are bent on some secret mission.
scene_heading: 187 INT. REVEREND DIMMESDALE'S STUDY CLOSE-UP REV.REVEREND
scene_heading: DIMMESDALE AT WINDOW
text: A wild light comes into his eyes as he watches them pass. Can it
dialog: be that they have found some other means of torturing the woman
dialog: that he loves? He has seen her endure too much already; the
dialog: frail craft would break under any more torture.
scene_heading: 188 INT. HESTER'S PRISON CELL LONG SHOT
text: Hester is sitting there nursing her baby; its little face rests
text: against the scarlet letter. She lays the child in its cradle. It is
text: night. Only a tall, flickering candle lights the gloom of the darkened
text: cell. Suddenly, without warning to Hester, and she is shocked by it,
text: the prison doors swing open, and there marches into the room the group
text: of Puritans we have just seen passing through the street. Among them
text: is Mistress Hibbins. She alone cackles and crows over Hester and
text: looks at her with sly, meaningful glances; the others are cold and
dialog: silent.
text: No word is spoken until they have filled the cell. Hester, as if
text: she expected some further sentence upon her, rises. Though fearful of
dialog: them, there is beautiful dignity about her. "Why art thou
dialog: here?" she asks. "What dost thou want of me?"
scene_heading: 189 CLOSE-UP GROUP OF PURITANS
text: Among this group is Mistress Hibbins; but it isn't she who speaks.
text: It is the beadle whose very coldness of manner is terrifying. He
dialog: says:
dialog: TITLE: "We have decided amongst us that thy child shall be
dialog: taken from thee and brought up by a Christian woman--"
dialog: 
text: BACK: He says these few words forcibly--then stops short, regarding
text: her coldly.
scene_heading: 190 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Hester listens. She has heard that dreadful sentence, which for a
text: moment leaves her too stunned to make protest.
speaker_heading: 191 LONGER SHOT
text: The beadle takes a step toward the cradle. Hester springs in
text: front of it protectingly. Now it is that the grief she has
text: kept pent-up within her is unleashed. She pleads--pitiful, heart-
text: breaking pleading--her body racked with sobs.
dialog: She is telling them: "Thou canst not take my baby from me. She
dialog: is all I have to love--to cherish! I will make myself worthy of
dialog: her; I will devote my life to her! She is the heart of my heart.
dialog: Thou canst not tear it out of my body."
text: But they shut their ears and whisper coldly among themselves.
text: Mistress Hibbins seems to be urging them forward. She sidles
text: up to the beadle and whispers in his ear. One instinctively knows
dialog: that she is saying, "Seize the child! Take it away from her--the
dialog: wanton! Have not pity for it--it is the child of the devil."
text: When the beadle starts toward the baby in its cradle, a tigerish
text: mother-love possesses Hester. She takes the baby in her arms.
text: Her voices rises to an hysterical crescendo, and her body trembles
dialog: with the violence of her denunciation. "Thou canst never take my
dialog: child! Mine! Far rather would I see her dead than to be given
dialog: over to thy care! Brought up to know only intolerance, injustice,
dialog: damnation!"
text: "Silence, Hester!" the man's voice rings out. "Stand back that
dialog: we may take the child without violence."
text: A scream tears out of her. "Stand back! I will strike to _kill_
dialog: the first one who dares lay a hand upon my baby!"
scene_heading: 192 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: In the flickering light of the candle, Hester's staring eyes are those
text: of a mad woman. Her face is distorted with terror and rage.
dialog: "Stand back!" she screams again, "or I will tear thee limb
dialog: from limb! I will tear the hearts out of thy bodies! I would make
dialog: thee suffer as thou hast crucified me! Stand back!"
scene_heading: 193 SEMI CLOSE-UP PURITANS
text: Even Mistress Hibbins is silenced by Hester's eyes, blazing with a
text: fury that is close to madness. There is no perceptible move.
speaker_heading: 194 LONG SHOT
text: But just as they are galvanized into action and make to surround
text: Hester, Reverend Dimmesdale enters the cell, pushes his
text: way through them, hurling them to one side with a force that is
text: born of despair, until he stands before Hester, ready to protect
text: her. His voice echoes Hester's frantic command, "Stand back!"
text: There is something so compelling in the fiery eyes of their minister
text: that they move toward the door and stand shame-faced before
text: him. Some of them shuffle their feet and look about uneasily.
dialog: "Shame on thee that thou wouldst attack a helpless woman!" The
text: minister's voice is broken with compassion for her.
scene_heading: 195 SEMI CLOSE-UP THE MINISTER AND HESTER
text: Hester holds her baby against her breast, her arms fearfully
text: around her, ready to shield her.
text: The minister looks at her and down at the child. It is the first
text: time his eyes have lingered upon his own baby. It is a tragic look
text: he bends upon it--then a mutely tragic look at Hester which speaks
dialog: of his suffering.
scene_heading: 196 SEMI CLOSE-UP GROUP OF PURITANS
text: Mistress Hibbins, cackling to herself, dares to break the silence.
text: She is pointing toward the baby:
dialog: TITLE: "Wouldst thou protect a nameless brat?"
text: Her eyes are narrowed with suspicion.
scene_heading: 197 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
dialog: They had never thought of this before. A nameless brat! This
text: child, so sacred in their eyes, must be branded "a nameless brat"
text: in the eyes of the world. There is tragic pathos in his voice when
dialog: he speaks to Hester:
dialog: TITLE: "Before God, thy child shall have a name, and I shall
dialog: baptize her--"
speaker_heading: 198 LONGER SHOT
text: At this news there is general protest from the assembled crowd.
text: But the minister raises his hand commanding silence, and they
text: obey him. Then he orders Hester to stand forward under the
text: glow of light. She holds the child in her arms and faces him.
text: He looks around for water, which is one of the properties of
text: baptism. On the crude table in the room, or perhaps by the cradle
text: of the child, is a pewter mug with water in it. This he takes
text: an places near him, or asks one of the Puritans to hold. He
text: reaches for the child and holds it tenderly in his own arms while
text: he baptizes it.
scene_heading: 199 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
dialog: "Hester Prynne, what wouldst thou name thy child?" he asks.
text: Hester, gazing down at the child, answers quietly:
dialog: TITLE: "I name thee Pearl--for thou art indeed a pearl of great
dialog: price."
speaker_heading: 200 SEMI LONG SHOT
text: It is a simple ceremony, this baptism. The minister dips his fingers
text: in the water and then upon the head of the baby, as he says: "I
dialog: name thee Pearl, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy
dialog: Ghost."
dialog: And then--"Let us bow our heads in prayer."
text: The Puritans are forced to kneel in that darkened room while the
text: minister offers a prayer for the soul of the child.
scene_heading: 201 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: The minister prays with a fervor that tells of the agony of his
text: own soul. Hester, deeply touched, weeps silently. Her burning
text: tears fall upon the baby's upturned face.
scene_heading: 202 CLOSE-UP BABY'S HEAD
text: One of Hester's tears falls upon the baby's cheek. It laughs.
text: When the second tear drops upon its lips, the baby's little tongue
text: licks it off. (This can be easily done by letting fall a drop of
text: water sweetened with honey upon the baby's mouth.)
scene_heading: 203 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE BABY
text: Hester looks down at the baby. This little funny gesture of the
dialog: baby's which will undoubtedly make the audience laugh, makes
text: Hester laugh, strange, terrible, hysterical laughter which is born of
dialog: sorrow.
speaker_heading: 204 LONG SHOT
text: Laughter is a ghastly thing in this grim, dank prison cell. Hysterical
text: laughter, which has a note of madness in it, sends the cold
text: chills down their spines as they, still kneeling, look up at her in
text: horror. Even the minister steps back from her, aghast, though
text: realizing that it is laughter born of Hester's broken spirit. (As
text: a scene of hysteria is dangerous, it is advisable to play it two
dialog: ways.)
speaker_heading: SLOW FADE OUT
text: TITLE: Four years have passed. Hester Prynne is no longer
dialog: permitted to make bridal veils, but must sew on palls for
dialog: the dead.
scene_heading: 205 FADE IN INT. HESTER'S HOUSE LONG SHOT
text: Hester is sitting by the window. She wears a dark dress. It is
text: somber work sewing on black palls. The child is the only bright,
text: fantastic element close to her. She comes dancing toward her
text: mother, seizing her by the hand and trying to draw her out into
text: the garden. Hester shakes her head and, indicating her work,
text: says that she cannot leave.
scene_heading: 206 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE CHILD
text: There is an intense love between these two. Hester looks down
text: into the little laughing face and bends to embrace her. Her eyes
text: search the child with sweeping tenderness. She brushes her hair
text: back from her forehead; she makes a little spit-curl on one cheek.
text: She scrutinizes the child's ears to make certain they are clean.
text: She takes a handkerchief and blows the child's nose. Then she
text: says triumphantly, "Thou art ready for play."
scene_heading: 207 EXT. HESTER'S HOUSE SEMI LONG SHOT
text: The minister is passing Hester's house. We note at once the
text: shocking change in him. He is haggard--his eyes are sunken in
text: their sockets. He looks like a man who has suffered a severe illness.
text: At the window are Hester and the child.
scene_heading: 208 CLOSE-UP OF WINDOW (WHAT THE MINISTER SEES)
text: Hester bends forward with a sharp intake of breath as she sees
text: the minister passing. There is mute recognition, an exchange of
text: tragic looks between the two. The child, curious to see what has
text: attracted her attention, peeks out at the minister.
scene_heading: 209 EXT. HESTER'S HOUSE (WHAT HESTER AND THE CHILD SEE)
text: The minister hesitates. He looks with dumb pain toward Hester
text: and the child. His hand goes over his heart as though it were
text: twisting and torturing him.
scene_heading: 210 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE CHILD
text: The sight of the man she loves leaves Hester faint, almost overcome
text: fro the moment. Her eyes close wearily. Then her mind is
text: brought to sharp focus by the voice of her child.
text: "Mother?" the child is asking curiously.
text: When Hester looks at the child, the little one has her hand over
text: her heart, and her voice is curious:
dialog: TITLE: "Mother, why doe the minister always put his hand over
dialog: his heart?"
text: BACK: Hester shakes her head. "I do not know, my child. Thou
text: must not ask me so many questions." She reaches for the pall
dialog: upon which she has been working. "Thou must go out to play--
dialog: dost thou not see how busy I am?"
text: The child exits.
scene_heading: 211 EXT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: A group of youngsters go hurrying by. Pearl, like all youngsters,
text: runs and climbs on the gate. "Good morning to thee!" she calls.
text: They stand there staring at her--arrogant little Puritans who stare,
text: point scornfully, then without a word rush away from her.
speaker_heading: 212 CLOSE-UP PEARL
text: The child's eyes widen; for a moment she almost yields to a desire
text: to cry; then she sets her little jaw, presses her lips together, and
dialog: cries, "Scat, or I'll pepper you with prickly burrs!"
scene_heading: 213 EXT. OF HOUSE LONGER SHOT
text: Pearl is now ready to do battle. She is a wild little sprite. She
text: sits perched up on the fence and watches a group of Puritans who
text: are walking toward her. Among them is Mistress Hibbins. They
text: are on their way to the meeting-house.
text: "Good morning!" cries Pearl again, making another attempt to be
dialog: friendly.
text: The women draw their skirts to one side as if the child would
text: contaminate them; and with their heads held high, they walk past
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: 214 CLOSE-UP PEARL
text: The child's face flushes with anger. She hates Mistress Hibbins.
text: She casts them one threatening look, then starts to climb down
dialog: the fence.
speaker_heading: 215 LONGER SHOT
text: Close to the fence, in a hiding-place under some leaves, is Pearl's
text: little store of prickly burrs.
scene_heading: INSERT CLOSE-UP OF PILE OF PRICKLY BURRS
text: Pearl's little hands enter the scene and start to pick them up.
text: BACK: Pearl flies to the fence and hurls these burrs at the
dialog: Puritans.
scene_heading: 216 CLOSE-UP PURITAN
text: A well-aimed burr perches on top of his hat.
speaker_heading: 217 CLOSE-UP PEARL
text: She throws another burr.
scene_heading: 218 CLOSE-UP MISTRESS HIBBINS
text: The burr has caught in her hair behind her ear. She cries out
text: with pain and rage, and shakes a threatening finger at the child.
speaker_heading: 219 SEMI LONG SHOT
text: Pearl is laughing as she sees the Puritans running to escape this
text: little, but deadly, enemy of theirs. She doesn't notice that the
text: children have returned and are creeping close to the fence. In their
text: outstretched hands are piles of mud.
scene_heading: 220 CLOSE-UP GROUP OF CHILDREN
text: They are creeping toward the camera, which is in the direction of
dialog: Pearl, and we see what they are going to do--throw mud at the
text: child. One little boy swings his arm and lets the mud-cake fly past
dialog: the camera.
speaker_heading: 221 CLOSE-UP PEARL
text: The mud catches Pearl on the side of the face. She wheels around,
text: startled.
speaker_heading: 222 LONGER SHOT
text: Pearl jumps from the fence and runs over to where are the prickly
text: burrs. She begins hurling these at the children while they, in turn,
text: throw the mud, covering her from head to foot with it.
scene_heading: 223 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Hester is folding the pall when she hears the outcries of the children.
text: She springs to her feet, lays her work to one side, and hurries out.
scene_heading: 224 EXT. REAR OF HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Pearl is standing there, a spraddle-legged, tempestuous figure,
text: slinging the burrs at her enemies. Some of the children are still
text: throwing mud, and Pearl is covered from head to foot. Hester,
text: frightened, comes running out and up to Pearl. At sight of her,
text: most of the children fly, but one little boy waits, ducks, and hides.
dialog: He is going to let Hester have a handful of it.
scene_heading: 225 CLOSE-UP LITTLE BOY
text: The boy has a malicious face. He studies his aim for a moment,
text: then throws a pile of mud.
scene_heading: 226 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND PEARL
text: Hester has dropped on her knees beside Pearl. She is gazing at
text: the child aghast. The mud comes into the scene, striking Hester
text: full in the breast, half-covering the letter "A." Pearl is crying.
scene_heading: 227 INT. VESTRY OF CHURCH
text: Several of Reverend Dimmesdale's parishioners are there to see him
text: about church duties. He is trying to hide the ravages of grief and
text: troubled conscience that have just been made by the sight of Hester
text: and the child. He is surrounded by his people, who look upon
text: him with eyes filled with an awed love and respect. Their attitude
dialog: toward him will make it very evident that to them there is something
dialog: very saint-like about him.
text: A child enters and runs up to her mother. The minister leans
text: down and with a tender gesture touches the child's head. He
text: speaks in a wistful, distraught manner to two old people. How
text: marked a contrast between his attitude now and his former intolerant,
dialog: condemning manner.
text: Enter Mistress Hibbins and the Puritans, who were the objects
text: of little Pearl's wrath. Mistress Hibbins is bristling with
text: indignation. She tells them of what the child has done to them.
text: Her eyes are flashing. There is a note of triumph in her voice when
dialog: she concludes:
dialog: TITLE: "Every time I pass the house I put a curse upon that child
dialog: of sin."
dialog: BACK: There are dreadful words for the minister to hear. He
text: starts to protest against her tirade, but her shrill voice drowns his,
text: as she bitterly exclaims, "Hester Prynne should be run out of the
dialog: village." All are agreeing.
text: The woman he loves--and his child. Again his conscience twists--
text: that pain shoots through his heart. His hand goes to it. They
text: all show their alarm. He assures them it is nothing; he is quite
text: all right and able to go on. When he leaves them, they whisper
text: among themselves, shaking their heads sadly. They do not believe
dialog: that the minister will be long with them.
scene_heading: 228 INT. HESTER'S HOME
text: A small wooden tub sits before the fireplace. Hester has just
text: washed Pearl and is now helping the child into her shirt when
text: she turns, hearing a knock upon the door.
scene_heading: 229 EXT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: A funeral group of three men. They have come there for the
text: pall. One is knocking on the door.
scene_heading: 230 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Hester reaches for a shawl, wraps it quickly around Pearl, and
text: opens the door. The men enter. Hester greets them pleasantly,
text: but they make no response. Their gestures are stiff, and their
dialog: words few. "Mistress Prynne, is the pall ready?"
text: Hester gets the pall and shows it to them. They examine it carefully
dialog: to see if her work is well done.
text: During this action, the youngster has gone over to the window
text: which is close to the door leading out into the backyard.
scene_heading: 231 CLOSE-UP WINDOW
text: The profile of the child peering out of the window. In the garden
text: beyond can be seen those wicked children creeping into the yard
text: after Pearl's store of burrs.
scene_heading: 232 SEMI LONG SHOT OF THE ROOM
text: While Hester is folding the pall and the men are waiting, we see
text: Pearl with one eye on her mother, crawl out of the window. The
text: shawl gets caught on the sill and is left there.
scene_heading: 233 EXT. REAR GARDEN
text: The children have their hands full of her store of prickly burrs
text: before they see Pearl descending upon them like a raging little
text: fury. They fly before her. When she discovers that they have
text: taken her treasures, she forgets everything. She forgets the garb
text: she is in, or else doesn't care, and starts in pursuit of them.
scene_heading: 234 INT. HESTER'S HOME
text: The men are leaving with the pall. When the door is closed, Hester
text: turns back to speak to Pearl. She looks around, surprised,
text: and then startled, to find her gone. She peeks around the bench,
text: looks into the closet, believing, of course, that the child must be
dialog: hiding.
scene_heading: 235 EXT. VILLAGE STREET
text: The children, running past the camera. In back of them runs
dialog: Pearl.
scene_heading: 236 EXT. REAR OF HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Hester comes hurrying out, looking around for Pearl. She is
text: nowhere to be seen.
scene_heading: 237 LONG SHOT OF VILLAGE SQUARE
text: The naughty little girl, attired only in her shirt, is running down
text: the main street toward the market-place, the children screaming
text: and flying before her. Oh, what a commotion it makes! How
dialog: shocked those Puritan women are!
scene_heading: 238 SEMI CLOSE-UP (CAMERA ON TRACK)
text: The back of Pearl is to the camera. In this shot the children running
text: ahead of her can be seen.
scene_heading: 239 EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE SHOWING THE SCAFFOLD
text: The Puritans are horrified. Now Pearl chases the children around
text: the scaffold. She leans down to pick up rocks and fling them
dialog: at them.
scene_heading: 240 EXT. CHURCH
text: Reverend Dimmesdale is just coming out of the church. He is
text: astonished to see coming toward him, on a dead run, three or four
text: children, pursued by Pearl. The children run around him as if
text: seeking protection from Pearl, who, like a little witch, chases
text: them. Once as she runs around him, she catches hold of his coat,
text: darting in back of him--from one side to the other. He turns as if
text: to protect her and catches her in his arms. Here Mistress Hibbins
text: enters.
scene_heading: 241 SEMI CLOSE-UP REVEREND DIMMESDALE AND MISTRESS HIBBINS AND PEARL
text: The minister is trying to quiet the child, assuring her that he isn't
text: going to harm her, but protect her. She, terrified, not understanding,
text: is kicking at him, trying to free herself. Her terror increases
text: when she sees Mistress Hibbins in back of her. Now she manages
text: to free herself. Mistress Hibbins, pointing at her, spits after her:
dialog: "Child of sin! Child of the devil--in the devil's own garb!"
scene_heading: 242 EXT. VILLAGE STREET LONG SHOT
text: Hester, hurrying down the street in search of Pearl. She catches
text: sight of her as she scoots across the square.
scene_heading: 243 EXT. POOL OF WATER NEAR THE SCAFFOLD
text: The child runs through it, splashing the water as she makes for a
text: hiding place under the steps of the pillory.
scene_heading: 244 CLOSE-UP STEPS OF PILLORY
text: The child huddles under the steps. She is shivering with cold,
text: and thoroughly frightened.
scene_heading: 245 EXT. NEAR CHURCH
text: Reverend Dimmesdale, listening to Mistress Hibbins tirade, turns
text: upon her and silences her. Then he starts forward to go to the
dialog: aid of Hester.
scene_heading: 246 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND PEARL
text: The child lies there wet, shivering and frightened. Her mother
text: wraps her in the shawl. The child bursts into tears.
scene_heading: 247 SEMI LONG SHOT OF MARKET-PLACE
text: The Puritans, furious at this exhibition of wanton immodesty, revile
text: Hester as she hurries past them, carrying the child. They
text: point their fingers, they jeer at her. The minister hurries to her
text: side. He holds up a hand in protest. At this, all evidence of
text: physical violence ceases; but their scornful looks and pointing
text: fingers make Hester aware that their hatred of her is still alive
text: in their hearts.
scene_heading: 248 CLOSE-UP MINISTER
text: His hand pressing his aching heart--to think that _he_ can go free,
dialog: while Hester must suffer!
scene_heading: 249 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND CHILD
text: Hester, hurrying past the camera on her way home, carrying the child
text: in her arms.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 250 FADE IN INT. MINISTER'S STUDY NIGHT
text: The minister's study is lit only by the glow of firelight. A strange,
text: almost disheveled figure is the minister as he kneels before the
text: fire, his eyes fastened on an iron poker which he lays on the coals
text: until it is itself a glowing coal. He reaches into the fire and,
text: lifting it up by the cool end, holds it before him, his lips fashioning
text: a prayer. In his eyes is the look of a fanatic. He tears off the
text: front of his cassock and bares his breast. As he brings the smoking
dialog: brand close to his breast, we
scene_heading: FADE OUT--OR CUT TO:
scene_heading: 251 INT. HESTER'S ROOM CLOSE SHOT
text: Pearl is dangerously ill with a fever. Hester watches anxiously,
text: bending over the bed, fixing her frightened eyes upon the child,
text: who tosses about. "Pearl!" she cries to the child, and waits with
text: agonized suspense for a response. Pearl is unconscious; now her
text: little hands are growing cold. Hester breathes upon them and
text: chafes them to warm them. She is frightened, bewildered--she
text: does not know what to do. Suddenly, she rises, calling out: "Giles!"
text: as if her voice would carry to him.
speaker_heading: 252 LONGER SHOT
text: She darts away from the bed as though to go after Giles--then she
text: darts back to Pearl, hating to leave her; but finally, in desperation,
text: she throws a shawl about herself and runs from the room out into
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: 253 EXT. HESTER'S COTTAGE
text: Hester exits from her cottage and starts toward the village.
scene_heading: 254 INT. MEETING-HOUSE FULL SHOT
text: The building is filled with the male colonists seated in the body
text: of the house; the dignitaries of the Government and Church are
text: upon the platform. No women are present.
text: Giles, serving as interpreter, is conducting a conversation between
text: a group of Indians in full regalia and the Governor.
scene_heading: 255 CLOSER SHOT OF PLATFORM
text: The Indians turn to call from their midst a white man dressed in
text: fantastic garb. This man is Hester Prynne's husband; he is old
text: and slightly deformed, and unnaturally bright eyes peer out from
text: a sinister face. There is something forbidding about him as he
dialog: stands there explaining to the Governor:
dialog: TITLE: "For seven years these Indians have held me prisoner,
dialog: waiting for a chance to demand ransom--"
scene_heading: 256 CLOSE-UP ROGER PRYNNE
text: He is a mysterious, menacing figure. He is addressing the Governor:
dialog: TITLE: "--but during that time I learned much of their alchemy
dialog: of herbs--for in England I had earned quite a reputation as a
dialog: physician."
speaker_heading: 257 SEMI LONG SHOT
text: The Governor is quite impressed with this; his attitude toward
text: Prynne is friendly and suggests that he will come to his aid.
scene_heading: 258 EXT. GILES' BARBER SHOP
text: A lantern over the door shows this sign: HORACE GILES--BARBER AND
text: SURGEON. Hester is pounding on the door. Giles' assistant opens the
text: door. He tells her Giles isn't there and points over toward the
text: meeting-house. Hester exits in the direction of the meeting-house.
scene_heading: 259 EXT. MEETING-HOUSE
text: Hester comes outside of the meeting-house, hesitates, and rushes
text: up to the window.
text: 260 CLOSER SHOT OF WINDOW
text: Hester, peering in, dramatically tense and eager. She searches
dialog: until she finds--
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 261 INT. MEETING-HOUSE CLOSE-UP GILES
text: Giles looking in the opposite direction from Hester.
scene_heading: 262 INT. MEETING-HOUSE CLOSE-UP AT WINDOW
text: The face of the frantic little mother is peering in at the window,
text: trying to attract the attention of Giles. Her white face is pressed
text: against the panes, her eyes, stark and staring, are trying to draw
text: his attention. She even beckons with her hand, thinking that perhaps
text: the motion will attract him. Finally she taps upon the window.
scene_heading: 263 INT. MEETING-HOUSE LONGER SHOT (SHOWING WINDOW)
text: The beadle, hearing the tapping on the window, turns around and
text: sees Hester. Furious that she dare come there to pry into their
text: affairs, he motions her away and orders two very tall, gaunt
text: Puritans to step in front of the window to shield what goes on
text: within from Hester's eyes. Hester, forced to leave, runs to the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: 264 EXT. MEETING-HOUSE CLOSE SHOT AT ENTRANCE
text: Hester is tying to push her way through the crowd at the door,
text: but the two stern-looking Puritans refuse her admittance. No
dialog: women are allowed there in the first place, and how does _she_ dare,
dialog: she who wears the badge of shame, to enter in search of Giles?
text: Hester, pitting her puny strength against theirs, tires to force her
text: way in, but they force her farther from the entrance. Then she
dialog: frantically pleads with them:
dialog: TITLE: "My child is ill--I must speak with Giles, our barber-surgeon."
text: BACK: But they only order her away, forming a bulwark through
text: which she cannot pass.
scene_heading: 265 EXT. MEETING-HOUSE AT ENTRANCE LONGER SHOT
text: Hester pushes her way through the crowd at the door, calling,
text: "Giles! Giles!" But the hand of one of the Puritans closes over
text: her mouth. Ducking under his arm, she evades him and pushes
text: on past the tall figures.
scene_heading: 266 INT. MEETING-HOUSE
text: Hester is a pathetic little gray figure among the men who are like
text: the tall trunks of dark trees.
text: Upon the platform can be seen the Governor, making an address
text: of welcome to the stranger. Hester's entrance has caused quite a
text: commotion and attracted everyone's attention, so that the Governor
text: pauses in his address.
text: Forgetting everything in her terror but the thoughts of her child,
text: she runs toward Giles. She seizes him by his hand, crying:
dialog: TITLE: "Come with me! My child is dying! Thou must save her!"
text: BACK: Giles rises, embarrassed but eager to serve Hester, and
text: they start out.
text: Hester has not noticed the stranger, who rose at her entrance and
text: has been staring at her dramatically.
scene_heading: 267 SEMI CLOSE-UP ROGER PRYNNE, THE BEADLE AND THE GOVERNOR
text: The Governor can be seen in the back, getting the ledger. In the
text: foreground Roger Prynne and the beadle. The face of the stranger
text: is drawn and dark. He turns toward the beadle, standing beside
dialog: him, and asks: "Who is that woman?"
text: The beadle tells him, "Hester Prynne--the only woman in our
dialog: village who wears the badge of shame."
text: Roger Prynne has seen the scarlet letter. He has heard her speak
text: about her child. The beadle whispers to the stranger the story of
text: Hester Prynne, but does not notice that the man's face glows with
text: revengeful light. The Governor motions for Prynne to come and
text: write his name in the ledger. Prynne walks over toward him.
scene_heading: 268 CLOSE-UP PRYNNE
text: He looks down at the ledger, takes the quill, and starts to write:
scene_heading: INSERT: CLOSE-UP LEDGER
text: Prynne's hand enters. He writes ROGER--and starts to write PRYNNE,
text: getting as far as the PR--when the hand pauses and he writes over
text: these two letters the word CHILLINGWORTH.
scene_heading: 269 INT. HESTER'S ROOM SEMI CLOSE-UP BED
text: Giles and Hester are at the bedside of the child, who lies there
text: rigid, in a spasm--a spasm that has all the appearance of death.
text: Giles bends over her, examines her pulse and eyes, while Hester
text: watches fearfully, not daring to ask the verdict. Finally she
text: gasps: "Canst thou do anything for her?" and her voice raises to
text: a wail.
text: Giles shakes his head with growing apprehension. "I cannot help
dialog: thee, Hester."
text: "Then she will die!" Hester turns back to her child. Heartbreaking
text: sobs now rack her body. "Pearl! Pearl! Thou canst not be taken away
text: from me! Thou art my life!" She covers the little stiffened hand with
text: kisses. Then comes to her the thought that at this tragic moment the
text: father of the child should be there, and she fairly screams at Giles:
dialog: TITLE: "Go for the minister! Tell him my child is dying!"
text: BACK: Giles, like one in a daze, staggers out. Hester turns back
text: to the child, whose eyes are now stark and staring. Hester's own
text: eyes are those of a mad woman. The enforced inertia, her inability
text: to do anything to help Pearl, is almost killing Hester.
scene_heading: 270 EXT. MEETING-HOUSE
text: In the lighted doorway the beadle is pointing out the way to Hester's
text: house to her husband. His sharp eyes shine under lowered brows, and
text: there is an evil look in them as he walks away.
scene_heading: 271 INT. HESTER'S ROOM
text: These moments of delay are harrowing ones to Hester. She knows
text: not which breath may be the last. She feels that she can endure
text: inaction no longer. She lifts the child, heavy and stiff, in her
text: arms and staggers with her to the center of the room as if she were
text: going to run to the church for fear that the minister is not coming
text: to her. Then, swaying under the weight of the child, she knows it
text: is madness, and carries the little one back to the bed.
scene_heading: 272 EXT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Prynne, walking toward the door.
scene_heading: 273 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Hester hears the sound of footsteps upon the gravel. She is listening.
text: Hope lights her face. It is as though her heart had cried out,
text: "He is come!" She rushes to the door and swings it open.
scene_heading: 274 CLOSE-UP DOORWAY
text: Roger Prynne's face leers at Hester from the shadows.
scene_heading: 275 SEMI CLOSE-UP ROGER AND HESTER
text: Hester recoils as though she had been struck. "Thou!" she cries,
text: staring at him transfixed.
text: His moves are slow and deliberate, as if guided by inner cruelty.
text: He closes the door, and, as he comes toward her, she backs away,
text: her eyes still fastened upon him, wide with terror. "I thought
dialog: that thou wert dead!"
text: Without a word, he points to the letter "A" upon her breast.
text: "Adultress!" he cries, and then with his face convulsed with pain
dialog: and hatred, he tells her:
dialog: TITLE: "All these years I have thought of thee--dreamed of returning
dialog: to thee! And now that I do find thee--"
text: BACK: The words seem choked off, and he can only point again
text: to the scarlet letter. For a moment it would seem as if Hester's
text: reason were tottering, she is so spell-bound by the ominous presence
text: of this man. Then, hearing a slight convulsive movement from
text: the child, her mind is brought into sharp focus again.
speaker_heading: 276 LARGER SHOT
text: Hester drops on her knees beside the bed, her fear for the child
text: surmounting every other emotion. For a moment Prynne stands
text: watching these two; and then without a word he leans over and
text: examines the child. Hester watches him fearfully. At last he
text: slips the knapsack off his back, opens it, and searches for a small
dialog: leather medicine case.
text: Hester pays no heed to him as he prepares some medicine. When
text: she looks up, he is pouring it into a phial. He tells her:
dialog: TITLE: "Have no fear, Mistress Prynne--I can cure her!"
scene_heading: 227 SEMI CLOSE-UP AT BED
text: Prynne holds out the phial to her, saying: "Woman, this child is
dialog: yours--she is none of mine. Administer this, therefore, with thine
dialog: own hand."
text: Hester, her eyes filled with suspicion, makes no movement as his
text: hand draws close to hers with the phial in it. Her eyes meeting his,
text: she asks apprehensively:
dialog: TITLE: "Wouldst thou avenge thyself on an innocent child?"
text: BACK: A twisted, unhappy smile comes to Prynne's lips, though
text: his eyes remain cold. She watches him intently. Although he
text: controls his deep emotions, his eyes are brilliant and fired with
text: strange fever as he says to her:
dialog: TITLE: "I could do no more for her were she thy child--_and mine!_"
text: BACK: Hester administers the draught to the child. Prynne now
text: kneels with his head on the child's heart. Hester watches,
text: concentrated upon the child.
scene_heading: 278 SEMI CLOSE-UP PEARL AND ROGER PRYNNE
text: Prynne listening to Pearl's heart. Almost immediately Pearl begins
text: to show signs of relaxation--and signs of life returning.
scene_heading: 279 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: She is intently watching the child and, as she signs of returning
text: life, tears spring to her eyes, and her lips are torn between a
text: smile and a sob.
scene_heading: 280 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND ROGER
text: Hester looks up at Prynne, who is studying the child. Her eyes
dialog: are inquiring of him, "She is better?" He tells her:
dialog: TITLE: "All danger is past. 'Twas but a spasm--in a few hours
dialog: she will be well again."
dialog: BACK: For the moment, forgetting that his motives may have
text: been sinister, Hester is conscious only of hysterical relief
text: commingled with a certain gratitude for his having saved her child.
text: The child out of danger! Hester relaxes. Tears are in her eyes;
text: and yet she is happy, quite happy, in spite of Prynne.
text: It is when he sees her relief that his face hardens and fills with
text: hatred. This transition comes slowly and definitely. He leans
text: toward her and, with eyes flaming and filled with menace, he
dialog: charges her:
dialog: TITLE: "Who is the father of this child?"
text: BACK: Hester stares at him, shocked by the suddenness of this
text: change in him. She cries out to him, "It is a secret locked in my
dialog: heart. No one shall ever know."
dialog: That long cruel finger is pointing at her! "Answer me, woman!
dialog: Reveal thy secret to thy husband!"
text: "No! No!" Hester cries, "I would die first."
text: Now she sees him slowly rising and creeping over toward her.
text: When he reaches her, his outstretched hand seizes her wrist and
text: drags her to her feet.
scene_heading: 281 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND PRYNNE
text: Prynne, with Hester's wrist held in a firm grasp, draws her toward
text: him. His fingers press cruelly into her flesh. There pours from
text: him a bitter, scathing denunciation. "The name of the man!" he
dialog: keeps repeating. "Confess!"
text: Hester is like a baited animal. "Never! Never!" she cries. "Not
dialog: even to my child!"
text: He holds her to him, his temper working up to a violence which
text: he can scarcely control. Then it is that they stop, as if they heard
text: steps outside. Hester, terrified, looks instantly toward the door.
dialog: She knows it is the minister--and that he will find Prynne there!
scene_heading: 282 EXT. HESTER'S HOUSE AT DOOR
text: The minister is dismissing Giles, for he would be alone with Hester
text: and the child. So weakened is he by the ordeal through which
text: he has just passed that he is almost on the verge of a collapse.
scene_heading: 283 INT. HESTER'S HOUSE
text: Roger Prynne releases Hester from his firm, cruel grasp. There
text: is an expression of fiendish cunning in his face as he turns and
text: kneels down beside the child with his back to the door. Hester
text: hurries forward, inwardly praying that she can stop the minister.
text: But she is too late. As Prynne drops down beside the bed, the
text: door flings open and the minister comes in. He does not see Prynne
text: as he staggers toward Hester, crying out:
dialog: TITLE: "Hester! Our child!"
text: BACK: Hester's face is frozen with horror, but the minister's
text: arms have caught her and held her close in an embrace that is
dialog: born of despair.
scene_heading: 284 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: Hester's first thought is for the protection of the man she loves,
text: but she seems paralyzed with horror as she draws out of his arms
text: and looks toward Prynne.
scene_heading: 285 CLOSE-UP PRYNNE
text: Prynne is smiling that diabolical smile which is filled with a threat
text: and a promise of revenge. He slowly rises, his eyes fixed upon
dialog: Hester and the minister.
speaker_heading: 286 LONGER SHOT
text: The minister is shocked to discover a stranger in the room. As
text: Prynne rises and makes one step toward the minister, Hester's one
dialog: thought is that he will do no bodily harm to the man that she loves.
text: She springs toward the minister protectingly; but Roger Prynne's
text: revenge is more subtle. He smiles; there is a suggestion of a bow
text: in his gesture as he faces them. Indicating Hester, he says:
dialog: TITLE: "I am her husband."
scene_heading: 287 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
dialog: So much has the minister endured of physical and mental suffering
text: that he has now reached the peak of despair. Hester still
text: stands before him in that protecting attitude, her eyes fixed upon
text: Prynne, as if she were hypnotized by him. She waits for the
text: sentence that he will pronounce upon them, as if waiting for her
dialog: doom.
scene_heading: 288 SEMI LONG SHOT OF ROOM
text: Prynne moves slowly, with deliberate, measured footsteps. He
text: gets his knapsack and puts it over his shoulder. He walks over to
text: the bed and picks up his hat. He acts as if he were alone in the
dialog: room, that these two terrified people whose destiny he has in his
text: hands are not there, staring at him transfixed. When he reaches
text: the door, he pauses. His hand is already on the knob before he
text: looks back at them.
scene_heading: 289 CLOSE-UP PRYNNE
text: Prynne's face is snake-like. His little eyes are still fixed upon
text: them. He smiles again that twisted, terrible smile, and he speaks
text: quietly with sinister emphasis:
dialog: TITLE: "Have no fear--I will not betray thy secret!"
scene_heading: 290 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: They are almost spell-bound at what Prynne is saying to them.
scene_heading: 291 CLOSE-UP PRYNNE AT THE DOOR
text: He opens the door as if he were going out; then he looks back
dialog: again and speaks:
dialog: TITLE: "My revenge will be infinite!"
scene_heading: 292 LONGER SHOT OF THE ROOM
text: Slowly, Prynne walks out, closing the door after him. Hester
text: clings to the minister.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 293 FADE IN INT. TAVERN LONG SHOT DAYLIGHT
text: The captain from the Spanish ship and several of his crew are
text: seated at one of the tables. They are colorful, interesting pirates.
text: The captain is a jolly cavalier, rotund and friendly. At the other
text: tables are somber, sanctimonious Puritans eating with great solemnity.
text: Hester and Pearl enter. The child, bashful, clings to her
text: mother's skirts. Hester goes over to the innkeeper to ask him
text: which of the men there is the captain of the Spanish boat. The
text: innkeeper, surprised at Hester's request, goes to the captain, asking
text: him if he would speak with Hester. The old pirate, delighted
text: to speak to any pretty girl, rises and goes over to her.
scene_heading: 294 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE CAPTAIN
text: The captain bows before Hester with quite a show of gallantry.
text: When Hester talks to him, she keeps her hand over the scarlet
text: letter on he breast. She is asking him eagerly:
dialog: TITLE: "Thy boat sails tomorrow afternoon--after the election
dialog: celebration?"
text: BACK: The captain nods heartily--tells her that his boat leaves
text: America for the Spanish Main. Hester continues eagerly:
dialog: TITLE: "I would secure passage for three--a man, my child, and myself."
text: BACK: There is a roguish twinkle in the captain's eye. "I
dialog: would be glad to accommodate thee."
text: Hester hands him a little leather purse filled with coins. He
text: opens it and pours out into his hand the coins, counting them while
text: he agrees upon the price for the passage. As Hester watches
text: him, her face radiates new hope. Fear is slowly leaving
text: it; a light is coming back into her eyes; she breathes easier, as if
dialog: she felt that freedom were close at hand.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 295 FADE IN EXT. WOODS NEAR BRIDGE OVER STREAM
text: Hester is waiting anxiously near the old trysting-place. Pearl
text: can be seen in the background playing at the edge of the brook.
text: Hester's eyes fairly glow with happiness when she sees the
text: minister coming toward her. He walks with an effort. Death is
text: already knocking at his door. His face seems drawn and white.
text: His eyes are deep-shadowed and have in them that far-away
text: look of one whose vision is fast dimming.
scene_heading: 296 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: Hester tells him breathlessly her plans--that she has seen the
text: captain of the boat, that he must leave, fly from the threatened
text: revenge of Roger Prynne. Earnestly, she is trying to persuade
dialog: him.
dialog: TITLE: "In some far-away country happiness is to be enjoyed.
dialog: There is the broad pathway of the sea."
text: BACK: She watches him eagerly, her eyes searching his face.
text: But hope has long been dead within his heart. It cannot so
text: easily be brought to life. Slowly, despairingly, he answers her:
dialog: TITLE: "There is not the strength or courage left in me to
dialog: venture alone--"
scene_heading: 297 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Hester is watching him intensely. Her eyes are deep with love.
text: She whispers with scaring happiness--her heart already relieved
dialog: of much of its pain:
dialog: TITLE: "Thou shalt not go alone!"
scene_heading: 298 CLOSE-UP DIMMESDALE
text: Dimmesdale hears her words and looks at her as their meaning
text: begins to dawn on him. His eyes widen with wonder and longing.
text: Then slowly does he catch the infection of her courage; he
text: begins to yield to her persuasion.
scene_heading: 299 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND DIMMESDALE
text: She draws closer to him--her hands find his. Her face is
text: glowing now with the happiness that had been lost through the
text: long years of suffering. She cries out to him:
dialog: TITLE: "We need never look back. The past is gone."
text: BACK: Her fingers go to the letter on her breast. She fumbles
text: with it. When she looks up at the minister, it is with shining
text: eyes as she tells him:
dialog: TITLE: "See! With this symbol I undo it all and make it as
dialog: it had never been."
text: BACK: Eagerly she begins to unclasp the letter. Dimmesdale
text: watching her, listening as if he had been called upon to realize
text: a dream. Exultantly Hester flings the scarlet letter from her.
text: Unconsciously she stands straighter as though her shoulders were
text: free of some burden. She takes a deep, free breath of happy
text: relief. Another quick, impulsive thought lights up her face. She
text: draws the cap from her head and allows the full shining radiance
text: of her hair to fall unconfined. Thus she stands once more, beautiful
text: --her eyes wide with hope--a beckoning smile on her lips as
text: she looks at Dimmesdale. He is breathless with wonder at her
text: beauty. As his soul throws off its shackles, he stumbles toward
text: her almost exultantly. He takes her in his arms, looking at her
dialog: with shining eyes. "Yes, I will go with thee. We will go away
text: together to another land." He clasps her more closely to him.
text: His hands linger upon her hair. His eyes plunge into the depths
text: of her eyes. His lips touch hers. "O my beloved," he cries, "with
text: the past forgotten--with the thought of future happiness ahead
dialog: for us!"
dialog: Hungry for this embrace that they have been denied all these
text: years, forgetting all the agony that has gone past, they release
text: themselves to this beautifully tender and emotional love scene.
text: Then slowly they withdraw from each other's embrace, as the
text: child's little hand reaches up and plucks her mother's sleeve.
speaker_heading: 300 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: The wind is blowing Hester's hair--her eyes are lighted with
text: the divine light of happiness. Then slowly there comes over her face
text: a strange expression which is unexplained for a few moments. She
text: is staring down at the child. What is that the child is holding in
text: her hand? Memories of the past come flooding back, terrifying
dialog: her. Will she never be allowed to forget the past? Two little
text: hands reach up into the scene and pin the scarlet letter on Hester's
text: breast. Then the hands withdraw, and slowly Hester's hands rise
text: and start binding her hair.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: 301 FADE IN EXT. MISTRESS HIBBINS' HOUSE
text: Mistress Hibbins is sitting by the window. She has been sewing
text: on a dress but she has fallen asleep against the high back of the
text: chair, her sewing falling to the floor.
text: 302 LONGER SHOT OF HOUSE TO INCLUDE WINDOW
text: Giles creeping out from behind a bush. He has been waiting for
text: Mistress Hibbins to fall asleep. He peers around--no one is
text: watching. Then he steals into her house.
scene_heading: 303 INT. MISTRESS HIBBINS' HOUSE
text: Mistress Hibbins' hat and shawl rest on a chair nearby. Giles
text: picks up the dress, stealthily, lest the old gossip should awaken
text: and see him. Then he tiptoes out to the fireplace, gets the
text: broom, and, returning, slips the head of the broom through
text: the dress, stuffs the shawl into the dress, and jams the hat on the
text: head of the broom, hiding the twigs. And in but a few minutes
text: Master Giles has rigged up an effigy of Mistress Hibbins!
text: A peek out of the window, and there is a hopeful grin on Giles'
text: face as he sees--
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 304 STREET SHOOTING FROM GILES' POSITION
text: The Governor and the beadle walking down the street very
text: pompously, discussing weighty affairs of state. They have almost
text: reached the window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 305 SEMI CLOSE-UP GILES
text: Giles, hiding himself behind the wall at the side of the window--
text: the effigy hiding the sleeping Mistress Hibbins. Giles addresses
dialog: the effigy:
dialog: TITLE: "What, Mistress Hibbins? Does thou think that the
dialog: Governor is an old fossil and doest thou hope to see him
dialog: defeated at election tomorrow?"
scene_heading: 306 EXT. MISTRESS HIBBINS' HOUSE
text: The Governor and the beadle stop short as they hear these words.
text: The Governor looks toward the window. He sets his jaw; his
text: eyes flash as he sees:
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 307 EXT. WINDOW
text: Mistress Hibbins (the effigy) is nodding.
scene_heading: 308 INT. MISTRESS HIBBINS' LIVING ROOM
text: Giles, peeking around the edge of the window to see how the
dialog: Governor is taking it, continues: "Fie, for shame, Mistress
text: Hibbins!"--and then he bends over close to the bonnet as if he were
text: listening with his hand to his ear:
dialog: TITLE: "It would cost thee a ducking, but, fear not, I would
dialog: never betray thee."
scene_heading: 309 SEMI CLOSE-UP BEADLE AND THE GOVERNOR
text: The Governor's brows are drawn into a hard line. He and the
text: beadle exchange glances which bode ill for Mistress Hibbins.
text: They are just starting on when the Governor says threateningly:
dialog: TITLE: "Mistress Hibbins shall be punished for this. She
dialog: shall be ducked by Giles tomorrow."
text: BACK: The beadle nods in decided approval.
scene_heading: 310 INT. HIBBINS' HOUSE
text: Giles grins from ear to ear! He blows a kiss to the sleeping
text: Hibbins. "At last!" he whispers, "At last!"
scene_heading: 311 INT. REVEREND DIMMESDALE'S STUDY
text: In his study Reverend Dimmesdale is gathering his few things
text: together--his favorite books. He is almost feverish in his
text: haste, working as though he would keep from thinking.
scene_heading: 312 INT. HESTER'S HOME
text: Hester is on the floor, kneeling before the little trunk. There
text: is a pile of clothes--hers and Pearl's--near the trunk, and she
text: packs and unpacks the things, so bewildered by her happiness that
text: she does not know what she is doing. Pearl is trying to help. She
text: carries her funny-looking doll to her mother to be carefully packed
text: away with the other things. Hester spins around in sheer happiness
text: as she dreams that on the morrow the three of them will have escaped,
dialog: and all pain and unhappiness will be forgotten.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
text: TITLE: With pomp and ceremony the Puritans celebrated Election Day.
scene_heading: 312 FADE IN EXT. MARKET-PLACE
text: The street is agog with activity. An air of festivity prevails.
text: As the people pass to and fro, drums beating, the band strikes up
text: and some of the Puritanical solemnity seems lost.
text: In the market-place a crowd has gathered. The people are being
text: jostled to and fro as they crane their necks to see over the heads
text: of the people in front of them.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 314 SEMI LONG SHOT OF THE DUCKING POND
text: Giles is about to duck Mistress Hibbins. The crowd is waiting
text: in breathless expectancy.
text: The beadle is standing by, stiffly waiting as though to see
text: punishment properly administered, but there is a gleam in his eyes
text: as though he were enjoying it.
text: Mistress Hibbins pleads with Giles--with the beadle--that she
text: is innocent. But Giles, with great pleasure, spits on his hands,
text: seizes the handle, and with much flourish drops Mistress Hibbins
text: into the water. When she comes up sputtering and mad as a wet
dialog: hen, she calls out:
dialog: TITLE: "I have been falsely accused! I have been sinned against!"
text: BACK: Giles listens to this in great glee. He has never been
text: quite so happy in all his life. The beadle does not weaken in
dialog: the least at her defense--for had he not himself heard Mistress
text: Hibbins hold the Governor up to ridicule? And the beadle tells
dialog: Giles:
text: TITLE: "Duck her again!--For the lie that is on the tip of her tongue."
text: BACK: Giles grins--and down goes Mistress Hibbins. As she
text: comes up, dripping water, she squawks: "I have been sinned
dialog: against!"
text: With a motion of his hand, the beadle orders, "Again--for good measure!"
text: Giles never dreamed of so much pleasure. His face is like a melon
text: that has been cut with a knife, so wide is his grin. Another good
text: grip on the handle--and down she goes.
scene_heading: 315 EXT. MARKET-PLACE
text: The Election Day procession is coming down the street--the
text: people in the foreground eager to see.
scene_heading: 316 SEMI CLOSE-UP MARKET-PLACE
text: Hester is standing there, watching the parade. She is as eager
text: and as excited as a child--even more so than Pearl who clutches
text: at her mother's hand, rising on tiptoe when the soldiers go past.
dialog: The people have moved away from Hester, so that she always
text: stands alone.
text: Indians can be seen in the background.
text: Mistress Hibbins comes running past Hester on her way home.
text: She is like a wet hen flying for shelter.
text: 317 FLASH OF THE PROCESSION GOING TOWARD THE CHURCH
text: Much pomp. The band is followed by the soldiers in glittering
text: armor with weapons flashing in the sunlight. Men from off the
text: Spanish ship. Puritans in their holiday garb. The minister
text: walks beside the Governor.
scene_heading: 318 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND GROUP
text: Hester is no longer able to control her eager excitement. In a
text: few moments the minister will pass by and their eyes will meet.
text: There will be a salute between them--a flash of recognition.
dialog: In a few hours they will be away! She doesn't notice that Roger
text: Prynne is walking up to her, standing in back of her.
scene_heading: 319 CLOSE-UP PRYNNE AND HESTER
text: Hester, conscious that someone is near her, turns slowly and
text: looks into the eye of Prynne. Prynne smiles and bows, then
text: quietly moves away. Hester's eyes follow him. The light of her
text: happiness dies out, and then slowly comes back to her as she
text: dismisses this fear. It is only a transient one. A few hours
dialog: longer!
scene_heading: 320 MEDIUM LONG SHOT
text: In this shot we see the procession passing by Hester. The
text: minister walks beside the Governor--the beadle in back of them.
text: They march close to Hester.
scene_heading: 321 CLOSE-UP MINISTER--CAMERA ON MOVING PLATFORM
text: The minister, walking along, looks over at Hester. His eyes
text: signal to hers. There is in them a sudden sparkle. He, too, knows
dialog: a divine happiness.
speaker_heading: 322 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: At the sight of the minister she has forgotten Prynne. There is
text: an air of suppressed excitement about her. Her eyes answer the
text: signal shot from the minister's eyes. Their glances say very
dialog: plainly, "In a few hours, my loved one."
scene_heading: 323 EXT. CHURCH
text: The minister and the Governor and the beadle enter the church.
text: Then all the people pour into the church, for the minister is to
dialog: preach the election sermon.
scene_heading: 324 INT. CHURCH
dialog: For the cutting, it might be well to have a semi close-up of
text: Prynne. His face is gloomy and foreboding in spite of his smile.
text: He slinks into one of the pews and sits down, waiting for his evil
text: moment of triumph.
scene_heading: 325 EXT. CHURCH
text: The Puritans have poured into the church. Hester sees that the
text: church is filled. She would go in, but the beadle motions her away.
text: She and Pearl go over to the foot of the scaffold.
scene_heading: 326 INT. CHURCH
text: The church is now filled. The minister is stepping up into the
dialog: pulpit.
scene_heading: 327 CLOSE-UP PULPIT
text: Dimmesdale is standing ready to begin his sermon. There is
text: something akin to ecstasy in his expression. This is to be his
text: last sermon, preached with an exaltation of spirit as if his
text: troubled heart had found repose at last.
scene_heading: 328 EXT. PILLORY
text: Hester stands there alone with Pearl. The Indians, passing by,
text: stop and stare at her curiously. The child is frightened and
text: hides behind her mother's skirts. When one of the Indians points
text: to the letter on Hester's breast, her hands fly to hide it. She
text: looks at them, hurt and frightened. Two Indians pass by close
text: to the camera, one saying to the other:
dialog: TITLE: "She must be some great dignitary here."
dialog: (Title to be written in Iroquois language, dissolving into English.)
scene_heading: 329 INT. CHURCH LONG SHOT
text: Minister preaching. He is looking from his pulpit upon an audience
text: whose very inmost spirits have yielded to his control. They
text: gaze upon him as though he held them spellbound.
scene_heading: 330 CLOSE-UP MINISTER
text: As he preaches his face is glowing with light. He seems scarcely
text: aware of the people in the church. His hands are uplifted, as if
dialog: in supplication.
scene_heading: 331 EXT. CHURCH AT PILLORY
text: Hester stands there alone, waiting for the minister. She seems
text: lost in a reverie of dreams. The sunlight is falling upon her
text: face which reflects her inner happiness.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: TITLE: The congregation was spellbound. Never had their
text: preacher spoken as eloquently as he did to-day. He spoke as
dialog: one inspired.
scene_heading: 332 FADE IN INT. CHURCH LONG SHOT
text: The eyes of the congregation are upon their minister. As he
text: stands in his pulpit he seems almost transfigured, so far has the
text: exaltation of prayer carried him. Then suddenly we see him stop
text: short; his hands fall to his sides. His eyes are focused on someone
text: in the church! What are his tragic eyes looking at as they strain in
dialog: their sockets?
scene_heading: 333 CLOSE-UP ROGER PRYNNE IN THE CONGREGATION
text: Roger Prynne is sitting there, his eyes focused upon the minister.
text: In them is a look--terrible, meaningful, triumphant.
scene_heading: 334 CLOSE-UP MINISTER
text: The minister makes an effort to go on, but all strength seems to
text: have ebbed from him, all inspiration is gone. He cannot move;
text: he cannot speak. His hand goes to his heart. He makes a gesture
dialog: of dismissal.
speaker_heading: 335 LONG SHOT
text: The minister steps from the pulpit and we see quite a movement
dialog: among the people in the church. Why had that flow of eloquence
text: stopped so suddenly? When they see the minister with his hand
dialog: upon his heart, they know. He has overtaxed himself; he had
dialog: summoned too much strength to try to give them a great sermon
dialog: and had over-reached himself.
scene_heading: 336 EXT. CHURCH
text: Hester Prynne in the foreground with Pearl, waiting. She moves
text: forward eagerly when she sees that the people are beginning to
text: pour out of the church. The captain of the Spanish boat passes
text: close to her. She hurries over to him with light happy steps.
scene_heading: 337 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE CAPTAIN
text: She beckons for him to bend his shaggy head close to hers. She
text: whispers in his ear: "Thou hast the cabins all ready?"
text: The captain nods--a twinkle in his eye as though he divined her
dialog: happiness.
scene_heading: 338 EXT. MARKET-PLACE
text: The crowd has gathered outside of the church, waiting for their
text: minister. They prepare for the continuation of the procession.
text: It has reached some size. Again there is evidence of pomp and
text: formality. Soldiers are lining up, forming a pathway which leads
text: to the church. They keep the crowd back, though the latter
text: presses forward ready to cry out a welcome to its minister when
dialog: he shall cross the threshold of the church.
speaker_heading: 339 CLOSER SHOT
text: The trumpeters pass by Hester and Pearl. They are followed
text: by men blowing fifes and beating drums. Hester, reaching the
text: very height of her happiness, stands there watching them.
scene_heading: 340 INT. CHURCH
text: The church is fast emptying; only a few are left. The Governor
text: and the minister are walking toward the door when Roger
text: Prynne steps up to the minister. The minister can hardly retain
text: his self-possession at the sight of Prynne. The Governor, seeing
text: that Prynne wishes a few words alone with the minister, passes
text: on. The minister is ashen-white; his hand goes to his heart.
scene_heading: 341 CLOSE-UP MINISTER AND PRYNNE
text: The two talk low, tensely. "Thou art planning to escape," warns
dialog: Prynne. "Thou hast dreamed that freedom would come to thee--
text: freedom!" and he laughs scornfully.
text: The minister stares at him, stricken. Prynne continues menacingly:
dialog: TITLE: "The boat that takes thee and Hester away, takes _me_!"
text: BACK: The minister stares at him as if he could not realize the
text: significance of his words. A fearful weakness overcomes him.
text: He would clutch at something to hold himself up. He makes a
text: supreme effort to keep from falling. Prynne speaks again:
dialog: TITLE: "Wherever thou dost go, I will follow. Thou shalt never
dialog: escape."
text: BACK: The minister reads into this bitter accusation more than
dialog: the revenge of this one man who has been cheated out of his
text: happiness. He sees the relentless pursuit of conscience, and he
text: cries out against it.
scene_heading: 342 EXT. CHURCH
text: The crowd is eagerly waiting for their minister and in the foreground
dialog: is Hester.
scene_heading: 343 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE CHILD
text: Hester can no longer hide her joy. The child, laughing, clutches
text: at her mother's hand and looks up into that flushed, excited face.
scene_heading: 344 EXT. CHURCH LONG SHOT
text: A cry goes up from the crowd--a cheer at the sight of their
dialog: minister.
speaker_heading: 345 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: Her heart quickens; she will behold him in this hour of triumph.
scene_heading: 346 SHOT OF CROWD
text: Another cry goes up--then startled silence.
scene_heading: 347 EXT. AT ENTRANCE OF CHURCH
text: The minister is staggering forward. He seizes hold of the portals
text: of the door to keep from falling. There is drama in his very
dialog: weakness.
scene_heading: 348 SHOT OF CROWD
text: Hester is in the foreground. A silence like a pall has fallen
text: upon the crowd. Hester is straining forward, her agonized eyes
dialog: upon the minister.
scene_heading: 349 SEMI CLOSE-UP AT DOOR OF CHURCH
text: Dimmesdale struggles against his growing weakness. He looks
text: over the crowd with fast-dimming eyes and then he sees--
scene_heading: 350 EXT. PILLORY (WHAT THE MINISTER SEES) A LITTLE OUT OF FOCUS
scene_heading: 351 MEDIUM SHOT INCLUDING THE MINISTER AND HESTER
text: Hester watches as a radiantly happy smile illuminates the minister's
text: face and, gathering new strength, he starts down the steps.
text: Hester stands directly in his path, and it would seem that his
text: happy smile is for her. She draws back, fearful that any contact
text: with her will cast its reflection upon him. And then, when
text: he sways unsteadily, she starts forward as though to help him.
text: But when he comes close to her, she sees that his radiant eyes are
text: fastened upon something beyond, and he passes by without even
dialog: seeing her.
speaker_heading: 352 LONG SHOT
text: The Puritans make way for the minister in hushed silence, watching.
text: He goes toward the scaffold and starts up the steps.
scene_heading: 353 CLOSE-UP HESTER
text: It is suddenly revealed to Hester what the minister intends to do.
text: A scream almost tears out of her. Then she stifles it and stands
text: there, not knowing what to do. She starts forward as though
text: she would stop him--then hesitates. Anything she does will damn
text: him in the eyes of the people.
speaker_heading: 354 LONG SHOT
text: The minister has reached the platform of the pillory and is
text: standing there, swaying unsteadily as he motions for the people
dialog: to listen to what he has to say.
scene_heading: 355 CLOSE SHOT OF PRYNNE
text: Prynne, standing near the church, is malevolently watching Dimmesdale.
scene_heading: 356 SEMI CLOSE-UP THE MINISTER
text: The minister straightens and lifts his head as though throwing
text: a burden off his shoulders. There is something strangely triumphant
text: in his voice as he cries aloud to the crowd:
dialog: TITLE: "I stand here where I should have stood six years
dialog: ago--by the side of Hester Prynne."
speaker_heading: 357 SEMI LONG SHOT
text: For a second the hushed silence of the crowd is unbroken--and
text: then the figure of Hester flies through the stunned crowd and
text: up the steps of the scaffold to the side of the man she loves.
scene_heading: 358 SEMI CLOSE-UP PILLORY
text: The minister falls on his knees beside Hester, crying out, "Hester
text: Prynne!" with piercing sweetness.
text: But Hester turns to the crowd, pleading with them to listen to
text: her, as she cries out:
dialog: TITLE: "He is mad! His illness hath unbalanced his mind!
dialog: He wears the veil of my sorrow; he accuses himself falsely!"
text: BACK: As she speaks, the minister is trying to summon enough
text: strength to rise and deny her feeble attempt to save him, but
text: he sinks at her feet again.
text: Pearl has followed her mother, and now shyly clings to her.
scene_heading: 359 CLOSE SHOT OF CROWD
dialog: It would seem that she has convinced them. So eager are they to
dialog: believe their minister innocent that they echo her own words:
dialog: "He is mad! The poor man, his illness hath made him lose his
text: mind." And they nod to each other, trying to convince themselves
dialog: that their saint is still a saint.
scene_heading: 360 EXT. PILLORY SEMI LONG SHOT
text: The Governor now walks to the foot of the scaffold. There is
text: movement among the waiting crowds.
text: The minister staggers to his feet again. "Stop!" he cries
dialog: dramatically. "Turn thy eyes back to me again! Look upon _me_, the
dialog: sinner. Hester Prynne would protect me again--but it is too late!
dialog: Thou must behold the evidence of my guilt!" The minister steps
text: passionately forward a pace before Hester and the child.
scene_heading: 361 CLOSE-UP MINISTER
dialog: He is crying out, "I bid thee look again as I, in my death hour,
dialog: stand before thee. I bid thee look again at Hester's scarlet letter!"
text: With a convulsive motion, he tears away the ministerial band before
text: his breast, and there is revealed the letter "A"--the badge
text: of shame which he had burned upon his breast with the fiery
dialog: cross.
speaker_heading: 362 SEMI LONG SHOT
text: For an instant the horror-stricken gaze of the crowd is concentrated
text: upon the ghastly miracle. The minister stands with a flush
text: of triumph in his face as one who, in the crisis of acutest pain,
text: has won a victory. Then he sinks down upon the scaffold.
scene_heading: 363 CLOSE-UP PRYNNE
text: Roger Prynne cries out:
dialog: TITLE: "Only death could have cheated me out of my revenge!"
scene_heading: 364 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER, THE MINISTER AND PEARL
text: The dying man's eyes are fixed upon the child. "My little
text: Pearl," he says feebly. There is a sweet and gentle smile over
text: his face as of a spirit sinking in deep repose. ""Wilt thou kiss
dialog: me?"
text: Pearl kisses his lips. The spell is broken. Her tears fall upon
text: her father's cheek. Then she crawls away from him so that
dialog: she may make place for her mother.
scene_heading: 365 CLOSE-UP HESTER AND MINISTER
text: Hester holds him in her arms with his head resting against her
text: breast. "Hester," breathes the clergyman, "It is farewell."
text: Then Hester, bending his face close to his, her eyes shining with
text: tears, whispers tenderly:
dialog: TITLE: "Shall we not meet again? Shall we not spend our immortal
dialog: life together?"
text: BACK: When the minister is able to speak, it is with tremulous
dialog: solemnity:
dialog: TITLE: "God knoweth--and he is merciful--for he hath brought
dialog: me hither to this death of triumphant ignominy before the
dialog: people--"
text: BACK: Her lips touch his forehead in a farewell caress. And
text: he breathes these words to her: "Pray for my soul, Hester." Life
text: is fast ebbing away.
text: Hester, lifting her eyes in a moment's swift, silent prayer, holds
text: him in her arms. With his last feeble gesture, he tears the scarlet
text: letter off her breast. His fast-dimming eyes seek the eyes of the
dialog: Governor.
scene_heading: 366 CLOSE-UP GOVERNOR
text: The old man bows his head. The last dying wish of the minister
dialog: shall be fulfilled; Hester Prynne shall never again wear the badge
dialog: of shame.
scene_heading: 367 SEMI CLOSE-UP THE MINISTER AND HESTER
dialog: His last words to her are:
dialog: TITLE: "We could never have fled from our sin--we could
dialog: never have hidden it. It is better to cleanse our souls. ...
dialog: Forgive me, Hester--"
text: BACK: And his eyes close in quiet repose as if he were sinking
text: into a peaceful sleep.
text: For a few moments she is not aware that death has come. She
text: sits there rocking him in her arms, but over her has fallen a veil
text: of peace, as if she, too, were at rest, as if she, too, knew something
text: of the eternal forgetfulness that gives to his face a smile
text: even in death. When she see that he is dead, she quietly lays him
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: 368 LONGER SHOT
text: The Puritans stand awed into silence at the scene before them.
scene_heading: 369 SEMI CLOSE-UP HESTER AND THE MINISTER
text: Hester is enveloped in a great calmness now that she knows he is
dialog: at rest, and she says very simply:
dialog: TITLE: "He is dead. Let us pray for his soul."
speaker_heading: 370 LONG SHOT
text: The people scarcely move; as if they couldn't quite believe that
text: the minister was dead, that the voice of Hester was falling upon
text: their ears, asking that they should pray. She has risen now and
text: stands before the cross.
scene_heading: 371 SEMI CLOSE-UP THE GOVERNOR
text: The Governor reveals his hat and stands on the stairs of the
text: scaffold in prayer.
scene_heading: 372 LONG SHOT OF THE MARKET-PLACE
text: Hester praying. Slowly, one by one, the Puritans kneel in
dialog: prayer; for this is their tribute to Hester Prynne; their answer
text: to her plea for forgiveness.
scene_heading: 373 SEMI CLOSE-UP CROSS ON PILLORY
text: Hester stands before the cross praying, praying for the soul of
text: the man she loves. Out of her martyrdom has come an infinite
text: peace and quiet beauty. And as she prays
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
