speaker_heading: THE IRON GIANT
dialog: Written by
text: Tim McCanlies and Brad Bird
dialog: Screen Story
dialog: by
dialog: Brad Bird
dialog: Inspired by the book by
dialog: Ted Hughes
dialog: July 11, 1997 Draft
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: DEEP SPACE
text: Stars blaze against the blackness of deep space. One star
text: begins to move, coming closer, moving toward...
text: EARTH, in space: blue seas, fleecy white clouds. BEEP-BEEP-
text: BEEP: a retro-satellite, Sputnik, tumbles past.
text: Below, near New England, black storm clouds swirl in
text: silence. Flashes, LIGHTNING FLICKERS.
scene_heading: A SHIP ON A STORM-TOSSED SEA - NIGHT
text: The wind HOWLS, the storm RAGES in the chill waters off the
text: rocky coast of Maine. Giant waves tower overhead, then
text: CRASH over the decks of a fishing ship where desperate
text: FISHERMEN fight to stay alive. The CAPTAIN YELLS orders no
text: one can hear in the deafening ROAR.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP'S MAIN CABIN - NIGHT
text: The FIRST MATE yells into the radio, their only hope:
speaker_heading: FIRST MATE
dialog: Mayday! Mayday! This is fishing
dialog: ship "Annabelle"! We're floundering
dialog: and taking on water! Mayday!
dialog: Mayday!
text: An enormous WAVE smashes against the bow of the ship,
text: throwing everyone in the cabin off balance. A glass
text: shatters.
text: The Captain enters, the two lock eyes: it looks bad.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What's our position?
speaker_heading: SAILOR #1
dialog: (grim)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: If you don't know where we are then
dialog: you don't know where we're going!!
dialog: You could be running us right into
dialog: the rocks!!
text: Then: a VOICE breaks through the static on the radio.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Coast Guard Portland Station to
dialog: Annabelle: Do you read me?
text: As the mate starts to answer, lightning STRIKES the huge
text: mast. It CRASHES through the pilothouse window, SMASHING the
text: radio. Glass, radio parts FLY.
text: The Captain's shoulders slump: now they're done for.
scene_heading: ON THE DECK - NIGHT
text: The Captain comes out on deck: his men stare at him, eyes
text: full of fear, desperation. Then, impossibly... the WINDS
text: TRAIL OFF. In seconds, the sea flattens into a sheet of
text: glass. All is DEAD CALM. It's eerie. Ropes CREAK.
text: The men ERUPT in celebration, CHEERING, hugging each other:
text: it's over! The angry Captain YELLS:
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: It's not over, you idiots! It's
dialog: just the eye of the storm!
text: The men look around: far off on the horizon, the raging
text: storm still surrounds the ship... but overhead, stars
text: appear. It's eerie, strange.
speaker_heading: FISHERMAN
dialog: Look!
text: Overhead, a new, brilliant star appears... and it's quickly
text: growing larger. The blazing light speeds toward the
text: startled sailors, impossibly fast, intensely bright,
text: blinding, all goes white...
text: KAWHOOSH! The light CRASHES into the sea. Water flies, the
text: sea BOILS, CHURNING, ROARING, the water green-lit from
text: below. Great clouds of steam BILLOW and HISS.
text: Then, without warning, the raging storm ROARS back with a
text: vengeance, a huge wave SLAMS into the ship. Again the
dialog: fishermen fight for their lives.
text: But then a dim light appears, far off in the rain: a barely
text: visible beam sweeps back and forth in the storm.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: The lighthouse! Head for it!
text: The desperate men struggle to steer their limping ship
text: toward the light. Then, CLANG! The ship shudders, stops
text: instantly: the ship has SLAMMED into... a wall! A solid
dialog: wall, a wall made of... iron?
dialog: 3.
text: The sailors freeze, speechless: they look up the wall, up,
text: up... flashes of lightning illuminate: a face! Twin beams
text: of light comes from what look to be... eyes, in an enormous
dialog: face. A giant?! Made of metal!
text: THUNDER BOOMS. The impossible face seems to turn
text: downward... and looks at the men. The men quake.
text: A HUGE WAVE CRASHES over the ship and throws the men
text: overboard, into the sea. The ship begins sinking fast.
scene_heading: IN THE WATER, NEAR THE CLIFFS - NIGHT
text: Men surface, cling to ship debris. Two men in a lifeboat
text: pull their comrades from the chill waters.
text: A wave WASHES over rocks, leaves behind a limp fisherman,
text: clinging to the rocks. Barely alive, whipped by wind and
text: rain, he sees lightning-brief glimpses of the giant thing as
text: it moves off in the HOWLING storm and dissapears.
text: The VIEW MOVES up, up the rocky cliff to the lighthouse
text: perched atop the cliff. The brilliant beam tries in vain to
dialog: penetrate the RAGING storm...
scene_heading: EXT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE - THAT NIGHT - ESTABLISHING
text: We push through the storm towards an upstairs window, and
dialog: into...
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: A flashlight beam illustrates the STORM SMASHING against a
dialog: window.
scene_heading: A WIDE-EYED NINE-YEAR-OLD BOY, HOGARTH, GRIPS THE
text: FLASHLIGHT.
text: AS THE STORM RAGES, HOGARTH EXPLORES HIS ROOM BY FLASHLIGHT.
text: THE MOVING BEAM GIVES LIFE TO THE ROOM FULL OF TOYS AND
text: MEMORABILIA, THE WINDS HOWL GROWS LOUDER.
text: GLASS SHATTERS and a cold wind whips into the room.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hogarth....?!!
text: The door flies open and Hogarth's mother ANNIE is there.
text: Late twenties, attractive.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Are you alright, honey?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yeah, Mom, I'm okay...
text: Annie turns to the shattered window pane, then pushes
text: Hogarth's bookshelf in front of it to block the wind.
text: Hogarth stares at his monther. She looks spooked.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: ++. are you?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I hate when the power goes out.
dialog: But... yes, I'm fine.
text: Outside, the wind howls.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Wanna stay up with me for a while?
dialog: (coaxing)
dialog: I could tell you a story...
text: Annie smiles, touched.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: A story, huh? What have you got
dialog: for me this time?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Well, it's a story about...
text: Hogarth scans the toys and souvenirs on his bedside table.
text: With a sudden flash of inspiration, he grabs a baseball
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Mickey Mantle. He had a magic bat,
dialog: Mom. Everybody says so.
text: As Annie watches Hogarth with motherly adoration, Hogarth
text: picks up a plastic dinosaur.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Anyway, this is the story of
dialog: Mickey's adventures with the
dialog: stegosaurus. It's got action and
dialog: romance. And the best part is,
dialog: it's all true.
text: Annie laughs and touches a fingertip on Hogarth's forehead.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You've got a lot going on in there,
dialog: don't you, Hogarth?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: Just like your father...
text: For a moment Hogarth beams. He looks over at a framed photo
text: that sits on his nightstand, that shows a handsome man
text: dressed in an army uniform. And as he stares at the photo,
text: a sad, pensive look comes over Hogarth's face. Annie sees
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I can't wait 'til he comes back.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: We've been through this before,
dialog: honey...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: They found his plane, mom. They
dialog: didn't find him. He's gonna come
dialog: back.
text: Annie sees the resolute look in her son's eyes and decides
dialog: to change tack.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: So what could he do with that magic
dialog: bat of his?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: h (lost in thought)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mickey Mantle. Could he cast
dialog: spells with it, like a magician?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Yeah. Yeah that's exactly what he
dialog: could do. And that's why he was
dialog: known as the Wizard of Sherwood
dialog: Forest.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Sherwood Forest, huh?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Right. And then one day, this
dialog: Stegosaurus shows up. And he says--—
dialog: (deep voice)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: "Who thinks he is mightier than me,
dialog: the mighty thunder lizard?"
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: And this is all true, now?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Every word, Mom -- I wouldn't make
dialog: this up. So Mickey says, "I'm the
dialog: two time American League batting
dialog: champ. I was MVP of the All-Star
dialog: game three times running. I go
dialog: anywhere I please in this
dialog: forest..."
text: We DRIFT BACK from mother and son, hunkered down in a pool
text: of warm flashlight, surrounded by darkness...
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL - THE NEXT MORNING
text: The sun has risen on a beautiful Maine morning.
text: The camera starts HIGH in a tall tree, where a bird is
text: repairing its storm-damaged nest, and pans down from this
text: literal bird's-eye view to the streets of Rockwell, where
text: stoic New Englanders are doing repairs of their own.
text: Down the middle of the street comes Hogarth, on a bike. In
text: the wire bike-basket in front of him is a shoebox with holes
text: punched in the lid.
text: A couple of LOCALS are clearing a felled tree. We hear their
text: conversation as they drift across the screen in Hogarth's
text: travelling POV.
speaker_heading: FIRST LOCAL
dialog: Strangest storm I ever seen. Swept
dialog: away my best iron wheelbarrow. But
dialog: left the handles behind...
text: Now Hogarth passes a pair of WOMEN who gossip as they rake
text: up leaves and branches.
speaker_heading: FIRST WOMAN
dialog: My husband spoke to one of those
dialog: fishermen this morning. Fellow
dialog: wouldn't talk about the shipwreck
dialog: at all. Said we'd all think he was
dialog: mad.
speaker_heading: SECOND WOMAN
dialog: Now what do you think he meant by
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: FIRST WOMAN
dialog: Well, I'm sure I don't know.
dialog: (lowers her voice)
dialog: But it wouldn't surprise me if the
text: communists are involved.
scene_heading: EXT. THE "CHAT ~N-¥ CHEW" DINER - DAY
text: The "Chat ~n-¥ Chew" diner sits near the docks and the town
text: square: the center of all social life in the village.
text: Hogarth arrives, at last, and parks his bike. He takes the
text: shoebox out of his bike basket, opens it a little and speaks
text: to whatever is inside.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Remember -- be charming.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - DAY
text: The diner is packed. EVERYBODY is here--FARMERS, FISHERMEN -
text: - all swapping storm-stories. It's LOUD. And there's no
text: empty table, no place to sit.
text: Hogarth enters and looks around. He spots Annie, now
text: dressed as a waitress and serving coffee from behind the
text: counter. Hogarth puts on a big smile and waves at her.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hey, Mom! You won't believe our
dialog: good luck! Look what I found...
text: He makes his way through the coffee shop to the counter. As
text: he passes by, various local ladies -- THE BUSYBODIES -- look
text: up from their breakfasts, mouths downcast and eyes half-
dialog: lidded -- ever ready to cast judgement, should the precious
dialog: opportunity arise.
text: Hogarth arrives at the counter opens the shoebox for Annie.
text: A baby squirrel pokes its head out. Annie rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: His tree musta gotten knocked down
dialog: in the storm! Can I keep him?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth, we've been through this.
dialog: No pets...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: But he's not a pet, Mom. He's a
dialog: friend. You're always saying I
dialog: should have more friends come over,
dialog: right? Well now I've got one.
dialog: (selling it)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: You gotta admit I'm making sense
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth, if there's one thing we've
dialog: learned from your many pets, it's
dialog: that claws and furniture do not
dialog: mix.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I know but--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No "buts." We have got to rent a
dialog: room this year if we're going to
dialog: make ends meet...
text: Nearby a Busybody perks up her ears, elbows her neighbor,
text: and raises her eyebrows significantly.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: .»..and no one wants to live ina
text: place with shredded upholstery.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: You'll never know he's there. I'll
dialog: keep him in a cage--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: -until you feel sorry for him and
dialog: "set him free" in the house.
dialog: Remember the raccoon, Hogarth?
dialog: God, I remember the raccoon...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Please, mom. At least look at
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Alright, where is this guy...?
text: Hogarth grins and reaches down for his box... then notices
text: there's nothing inside it. The squirrel has escaped.
text: Hogarth looks back at Annie, hiding his desperation.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I... will go get him... okay?
text: Hogarth turns, his eyes darting around frantically. Finally
text: he spies a FURRY TAIL disappearing under a four-person table
text: with a single occupant, hidden behind a newspaper.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Excuse me...? Excuse me...
text: No response. Behind the paper, smoke rises.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Sir?
text: Still no response. Hogarth is getting exasperated.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir...? Sir? Sir! EXCUSE ME, S--
text: Hogarth STOPS with sudden realization. He slowly pushes down
text: the top of the paper, revealing that the person he's talking
dialog: to ...
text: ...is ASLEEP. A lit cigarette with an impossibly long ash
text: dangles precariously from his lips. This is DEAN McCOPPEN.
text: sporting sunglasses, handsome in a rumpled sort of way.
text: Unshaved, uncombed, unusual. A beatnik. Here. Hogarth's
text: heard of them, but this is the first one he's seen up close.
text: The beatnik's head lolls...
text: ...and his cigarette drops in his lap. He WAKES.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I was snoring, right? Sorry, man.
dialog: I'm just not a morning person...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Please don't move, sir. My pet's
dialog: under your table--don't look--if
dialog: you make a scene my mom won't let
dialog: me keep him.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Don't worry sonny, I'm cool as a
dialog: cucumb-
speaker_heading: (SHRIEK OF PAIN)
text: He LEAPS up, HOLLERING, SLAPPING at his smoking pants.
speaker_heading: ON ANNIE
text: as she turns to watch the COMMOTION
text: from across the room. The
dialog: busybodies are all abuzz. Who is
dialog: the weird guy with Hogarth?
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: RESUME DEAN & HOGARTH
text: as Dean finally gets under control. He looks around. The
text: whole joint is staring at him. He picks up his cigarette
text: butt and holds it as he addresses the other diners.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Had a little cigarette mishap. It's
dialog: under control. Show's over. Cool
dialog: yourselves and resume breakfasting,
dialog: people.
dialog: (sitting, to Hogarth)
dialog: What kind of pet, kid?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: A squirrel. Don't worry, he's
dialog: friendly.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Is my son bothering you, sir?
text: Dean stares at Annie, smiling strangely.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Yes. No. Call me Dean.
text: As Dean and Annie size each other up, the three Busybodies
text: whisper cattily back and forth.
scene_heading: FIRST BUSYBODY
dialog: Oh! I don't know why they let such
dialog: people in here.
scene_heading: SECOND BUSYBODY
dialog: She ought to ignore him.
scene_heading: THIRD BUSYBODY
dialog: You forget how single she is, dear.
text: The busybodies exchange smug, catty grins.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL STREET - DAY
text: The camera is very low, as an official-looking car pulls up,
text: and comes to a stop in front of us, its front grille filling
text: the screen. The words "U.S. GOVERNMENT" are printed boldly
text: across the top of the license plate.
scene_heading: THE CAMERA PULLS OUT
text: And the driver's side car door opens. A well dressed man in
text: his mid-thirties, KENT MANSLEY, steps out, puffs on his pipe
text: and surveys his surroundings with a steely-eyed, square-
text: jawed gaze.
dialog: 11.
text: Now a troubled look comes over him, as he notices the US
text: COVERNMENT decal on his car door is peeling off. He presses
text: it flat -- it curls up again. He presses it flat -- it
text: curls. He licks his fingers, rubs it on the decal and
text: presses it hard -- and it holds. Kent's look of confidence
text: returns. He slams the car door with authority; one side of
text: the license plate unhinges and hangs at an angle. Kent sighs
text: with defeat, and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - DAY
text: Annie speaks gently to Hogarth.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth. I thought you were
dialog: getting your pet, honey.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I will, mom. After I finish
dialog: talking to-
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (still smiling strangely)
dialog: Dean.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: --Dean.
text: Annie shrugs, exits. Hogarth looks at Dean curiously.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I found your pet.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (maintaining clenched
dialog: smile)
dialog: Up my leg, man. Squirrel's in my
dialog: pants, Hogarth. I'm tryin' not to
dialog: wig out here.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Don't wig out.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (quietly, skin crawling)
dialog: Okay... he's heading
dialog: north. (finally)
dialog: I'm sorry, kid...
text: Dean stands spastically, again addresses the room.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I'd like to apologize to everyone
dialog: in advance for this.
text: He unzips his fly and out pops the squirrel. There is a
text: collective GASP, then a series of shrieks as the squirrel
text: scampers around the diner. Dean zips up and sits back down.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Check, please.
text: Annie GLARES at a sheepish Hogarth.
scene_heading: EXT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Kent now holds a clipboard, taking notes as he talks to an
text: OLD FARMER. Nearby stands a tractor with a bite taken out
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: And did you see any strange lights
dialog: in the sky last night? Any saucer-
dialog: shaped flying objects?
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Were any of your live stock
dialog: disoriented this morning? Did your
dialog: cows appear anxious or depressed?
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: No...
dialog: (getting suspicious)
dialog: ...who did you say you worked for
dialog: again?
text: Kent puffs himself up a little bit.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Frankly I'm not at liberty to
dialog: reveal the particulars of the
dialog: agency I work for.
text: He leans in confidentially.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: But between you and me, I represent
dialog: the United States Government.
text: U.P.D. The Unexplained Phenomena
dialog: Department.
text: The Farmer also leans in confidentially.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: C.1.A.?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Huh? Oh, uh... no. Our scope is
dialog: less limited than the CIA.
dialog: Unexplained Phenomena, my friend --
dialog: that could be anything.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: You work out of the Pentagon, then?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Well, sure, we work near the
dialog: Pentagon, yes. You know Radcliffe
dialog: Street?
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Well, trust me, it's pretty much
dialog: Pentagon adjacent. And all that
dialog: that implies.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: So, what do you think got to my
dialog: tractor? Something the commies
dialog: built? Some kind of monster?
dialog: Something from outer space?
text: Kent thinks for a moment, then deflates a little.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: No, it's probably something else.
dialog: (sighs wearily)
dialog: It's always something else.
text: He makes a note on his clipboard. In the background, Dean
text: approaches and hooks up the tractor to his tow truck and
text: hauls it away.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE - THAT NIGHT
text: Hogarth comes home. The phone RINGS, and he picks it up.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (automatic, without
dialog: inflection)
dialog: Hello this is Hogarth Hughes
dialog: speaking who's calling please.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth, honey... I'm really sorry,
dialog: but I need to work late tonight.
dialog: There's some cold chicken in the
dialog: ice box. You can have that and some
dialog: carrots--
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I'm already on it, Mom.
text: He pulls a box of twinkies from a cupboard.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Good. I'll make it up to you, okay?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I love you honey. And Hogarth? No
dialog: scary movies, no late snacks, in
dialog: bed by eight. Got it?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Got it.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: THE CLOCK
text: is at 8:47... lit up by the ghostly flickering light of the
text: television. We hear CREEPY MUSIC filtered through the tinny
scene_heading: t.v. speaker. CAMERA DRIFTS to:
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
text: ... taking a TWINKIE from a
text: package. He SHAKES up a can of
text: whipped cream, jams it into the
text: flat side of the Twinkie, INFLATING
text: it with additional whipped cream.
text: He CRAMS the twinkie in into his
text: mouth, never taking his eyes off
text: the screen.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lit by the light of a black and white TV, Hogarth has moved
text: furniture and piled up cushions, making a TV watching
dialog: fortress.
text: There's a NOISE OUTSIDE. Hogarth jumps. Listens. Must
dialog: have been the TV.
dialog: 15.
text: ON the TV, a scientist and his assistant are involved in
text: some kind of drama that includes a murderous brain.
text: ANOTHER NOISE OUTSIDE, louder this time. Hogarth freezes:
dialog: that didn't come from the TV....
text: ROAR! The TV screen goes white with DEAFENING STATIC.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: No! Not now!
text: He SMACKS the TV: no effect. He cranks the big channel
text: knob: THUNK-THUNK-THUNK. All channels are static.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Stupid antenna...!
text: Hogarth stares at the screen, gathers his nerve. He hefts
text: his flashlight and warily heads upstairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF - A LOFT WINDOW - NIGHT
text: Hogarth peers out. All quiet, just a WHISPER of wind. He
text: crawls out onto the roof, his flashlight beam follows the
text: flat TV wire up the roof toward its peak... and stops: the
text: antenna is gone, literally torn off the roof!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Gone.
text: Now Hogarth pauses and cocks his head, listening. In the
text: distance he hears a heavy "BOOM." And then another. He
text: peers off into the woods. In the distance he seems to see
text: something moving, just above the level of the trees.
dialog: Something enormous.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Whoa...
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Hogarth hurriedly equips himself: he tapes a flashlight onto
text: a toy BB-gun; puts on a football helmet. Finally, he looks
text: in the mirror and salutes himself.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
text: Hogarth Hughes. Ready for action.
scene_heading: EXT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Hogarth hurries out, runs up to the first massive depression
text: in the grass. Hogarth places his tiny foot beside the car-
text: size depression, and very nearly loses his nerve.
dialog: 16.
text: He takes a deep breath and hurries into the woods.
scene_heading: INT. THE WOODS - NIGHT
text: A dark night, fog drifts through trees. Spooky. At the
text: forest's edge, Hogarth looks up, sees broken branches where
dialog: something entered the woods... something big.
text: Hogarth darts from bush to bush, follows the trail.
text: TIME DISSOLVE: Hogarth creeps on, the forest is now dense.
text: More and more, the tree-damage begins to take shape, a tall
text: tunnel formed by broken limbs, until...
text: Hogarth GASPS: the tunnel forms a perfect outline of a HUGE
text: man-shaped THING. He SHIVERS, considers turning back... but
text: he can't. He creeps on.
text: Hogarth hears a deep RHYTMIC HUMMING that VIBRATES the
text: ground. It sounds strange... alien. He creeps on.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSHES NEAR THE POWER STATION - NIGHT
text: The HUMMING is LOUD. Hogarth slowly parts bushes to see...
text: a power station: "DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE". Tall power lines
text: towers march through the woods. SPARKS SNAP.
text: THUMP! A giant metal foot SLAMS into the ground right in
text: front of Hogarth, he YELPS. THUMP! THUMP! THUMP! ‘Two
text: huge feet become two huge legs. Hogarth looks up, up...
text: A GIANT. Made of metal! Forty feet tall, maybe fifty!
text: Hogarth can't believe his eyes...
text: The giant stares at the metal towers, makes a METALLIC GRUNT
text: that sounds... hungry. It reaches out and SNAPS off a thick
text: piece of metal, pops it in his mouth, CHEWS NOISILY, and
text: SWALLOWS. BURP. Mmmm good!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Wow... it eats metal. Cool.
text: Hogarth sits, hidden in the bushes, and watches, fascinated,
text: as the giant "grazes" the metal towers. SPARKS fly from now-
text: loose flailing powerlines.
text: The giant's eaten all the tower arms: he TUGS at a solid
text: metal base: it's stuck. So the giant bends down to EAT his
text: way down the tall metal tower: CHOMP CHOMP CHOMP.
text: Hogarth realizes the giant is CHOMPING toward a mass of
text: thick power cables that HUMM and SPARK.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: QUICK INTERCUTS: EXT./INT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE AND POWER
speaker_heading: STATION
speaker_heading: - NIGHT
text: Annie grabs a flashlight by the
text: door, illuminates the living
dialog: room... what a mess! And... no
dialog: Hogarth.
text: KA-ZAPPP! Electricity races up and down the giant's metal,
text: it jerks, flies backward, trailing SPARKING POWERLINES that
text: wrap around him as he stumbles into a tangle of more power-
text: lines: KA-ZAP! It panics, flailing, SCREECHING, tries to
text: free itself, gets more entangled.
text: Annie searches through the house by flashlight, for her son,
text: becoming more and more frantic.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth...? Hogarth! HOGARTH!!
text: SPARKS SNAP AND FLY as the giant SHRIEKS in agony. A tower
text: totters and falls... smashing into the ground just as
text: Hogarth jumps clear.
text: Electricity arcs up and down the Giant's body. The giant
text: ROARS, an AWFUL METAL SOUND, falls to its knees, eyes
text: SPARKING, SHORTING OUT.
text: Hogarth looks around, desperate: he's got to save him! He
text: sees a panel: "EMERGENCY CUT-OFF SWITCH". Hogarth runs
text: toward it, sparks raining all around him. He grabs the
text: panel... locked. He swings his BB-gun like a club: CRASH!
text: The gun breaks, the panel door pops open. Hogarth grabs the
text: huge switch and throws all his weight against it. CLUNK.
text: The SPARKS slowly die away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DEEP, DARK WOODS - NIGHT
text: The dazed giant, looks around, dizzy... he stands, sways,
text: easily SNAPS free of the wires holding him. His eyes focus
text: down (way down) on Hogarth. The boy and the Giant stare at
dialog: each other for a long time. Now what?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (0.S.)
dialog: (CALLING) Hogarth!
text: Hogarth turns: down the hill, through the fog, he sees a
text: light floating through the trees.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Mom!
dialog: 18.
text: Hogarth runs down the hill towards the light... then stops,
text: turns back toward the giant....
text: ...but back where the giant stood, seconds before, is now
text: only dangling SPARKLING power lines. He's gone.
text: Hogarth stares: baffled. Annie rushes up.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth!
text: She grabs him by his shoulders, tightly, more out of fear
dialog: than anger.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you think you're doing?!!
dialog: Don't you know better than to
dialog: wander off at night, alone?? What
dialog: if something happened to you???
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I'm sorry, mom...
text: Annie throws her arms around him, hugging him tight,
text: desperately happy to know that her boy is safe.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Don't ever do that to me again,
dialog: Hogarth. I was so scared, I thought
dialog: I'd lost you...
text: A long moment passes with Annie just holding him and
dialog: rocking... then--
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Mom, you won't believe it. Some-
dialog: thing ate our t.v. antenna.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, Hogarth...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: No, I'm serious! And I went out to
dialog: see what it was--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: Hogarth... please...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: --and it was a Giant metal--
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: HOGARTH! Stop it! I'm not in the
dialog: mood.
dialog: (gentle, but firm)
dialog: Come on. Let's go home.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S TRUCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: Hogarth sits in silence as Annie starts the ignition. As
text: they drive away, Hogarth can't help but look back over his
text: shoulder. Backlit by the moon, he can just make out the
text: outline of the Giant, half-hidden by the trees... watching
dialog: them go...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE FOREST TREES - THE NEXT MORNING
text: The North Maine woods, the trees sway, holding their secret
text: deep within.
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCOOL - DAY
text: The TEACHER is quizzing her students. Hogarth is the
text: smallest one in the class. On the chalkboard are written
text: the words "RUSSIA" and "POLAND."
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: And who can name another country
dialog: that is part of the U.S.S.R.?
text: Hogarth raises his hand.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Anyone besides Hogarth?
text: Hogarth lowers his hand. No response from the others.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Anyone actually listening to me
dialog: other than Hogarth? Hogarth, are we
dialog: going to have to move you up
dialog: another grade? Or should we move
dialog: the rest of the class down?
dialog: Alright, that's it. Everyone in the
dialog: class except Hogarth can write me a
dialog: five page essay. Call it "Allies
dialog: and Enemies of the United States of
dialog: America." It's due tomorrow.
text: The class groans. A big kid turns around to Hogarth, points
text: at him, and gives him the "slit throat" sign. Hogarth WILTS.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: EXT. POWER STATION - DAY
text: Workers swarm over the towers, repairing the damage. Kent
text: is there, smoking a pipe as he talks to a foreman.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Yeah, sometimes a line'll snap if
dialog: the weather's bad, sure. But fora
dialog: whole tower to get twisted up like
dialog: that? (SCRATCHES HIS HEAD) I tell
dialog: you, it's got me beat.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: And not a single witness...
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: 'Fraid not, sir.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Could this have been caused by a
dialog: giant metal monster, perhaps?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Pardon me, sir?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Nothing. Just repeating a yarn I
dialog: heard from some fishermen...
text: Just then, something catches Kent's eye.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: He walks a few steps away, and hunkers down beside a portion
text: of the rubble. A trapezoidal piece of wood is sticking out
text: from beneath it. Kent pulls it out. It's the handle of a
text: B.B. gun. On Kent's look we cut to...
scene_heading: EXT. CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Students pour out of Hogarth's classroom, followed at last
text: by Hogarth, who is a full head smaller than any of them.
text: Now Hogarth's face brightens, as a few kids his size pass
text: by. Hogarth hurries to catch up with them.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hey guys!
text: The kids turn to Hogarth without much enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: FIRST KID
dialog: Hey, Hogarth.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Listen, you're not going to believe
dialog: what happened to me last night. I
dialog: went walking into the forest, and I
dialog: saw this... giant!
text: The kids exchange glances.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: It was made out of metal! And it
text: tore apart the power station.
text: For a moment, the kids stare at Hogarth blankly. Finally,
text: one of them speaks.
speaker_heading: FIRST KID
dialog: You know what I just remembered?
dialog: I'm suppose to help some people do
dialog: some stuff way over in some other
dialog: place right now.
speaker_heading: SECOND KID
dialog: Oh those people? Yeah, I'm suppose
dialog: to do that too.
speaker_heading: FIRST KID
dialog: Nice seeing you, Hogarth.
text: As the kids walk away, Hogarth hears one of them speak
text: quietly to the other.
speaker_heading: FIRST KID (CONT’D)
dialog: Boy, I hope they never skip me a
dialog: grade.
speaker_heading: SECOND KID
dialog: He's gotten really desperate.
text: A determined look comes over Hogarth's face we cut to...
scene_heading: THE WOODS - THAT DAY
text: Hogarth marches purposefully into the forest with a camera
text: slung over his shoulder, and a sheet of metal in one hand.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hellllllooo! Come ouuut!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: DEEPER INTO THE WOODS - A LITTLE LATER
text: The woods are denser now, with shafts of autumn sun
text: punctuating the darkened light. Hogarth bangs the metal
text: loudly as he walks.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hey, big metal guy!! It's me, the
dialog: kid who turned off the power for
dialog: ya!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: A CLEARING IN THE FOREST
text: Hogarth sets the metal down, then retreats a safe
dialog: distance...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Metal! Delicious metal! Come and
dialog: get it!
text: ...and settles in behind a large log. He aims the camera,
dialog: and waits.
dialog: And waits.
text: And waits. This is clearly not as exciting as Hogarth
text: expected. He rubs his eyes, yawns, and lays his head on his
dialog: arm.
text: And the next thing he knows, he's waking up. The afternoon
text: light has given way to the long shadows of early evening.
text: Hogarth looks towards the clearing -- the piece of metal is
text: gone. He gasps.
text: He reaches behind him for the camera, as he scans the
text: forest, left and right. Suddenly he pauses. His hand is not
text: finding the camera. He turns and looks for it. It's gone.
text: Above him a flashbulb pops. A moment later, a roll of film
text: drops from the sky and lands at his feet. Hogarth picks up
text: the film, and swallows hard. He looks up, a long way up, and
text: sees the Giant standing over him, its jaw moving, and a
text: crunching sound coming from its mouth.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Aaaaagh!
text: Hogarth runs as fast as his legs will carry him. He covers
text: twenty feet or so, when -- BOOM! An enormous metal foot
text: touches down in front of him. He runs faster, faster, but
text: with a single step, the Giant covers all the distance
dialog: between them.
dialog: 23.
text: Suddenly -- WHACK! Hogarth catches a tree limb across the
text: chin, and is sent sprawling to the ground. The Giant looms
text: over him. Hogarth sits up, his eyes wide with fear, and
text: shouts at the fifty-foot metal monster.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you want from me?!!
text: The Giant sits down with a thud. Then he reaches toward
text: Hogarth with a closed fist, turns it palm-upward and opens
text: his fingers. There, in his hand, is the four-foot metal
text: handle with "EMERGENCY SHUT-OFF" printed along its length.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: The shut-off switch...
text: Hogarth looks from the handle to the Giant, in awe.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: You saw me save you.
text: As boy and Giant stare into each other's eyes, we cut to...
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Some of the BUSYBODIES sit around sipping coffee and
text: gossiping.
scene_heading: FIRST BUSYBODY
dialog: Well, in my opinion, it's a woman's
dialog: obligation to re-marry. If not for
dialog: herself, than for her child.
text: The Busybodies murmur their assent.
scene_heading: SECOND BUSYBODY
dialog: Do you know she left her little boy
dialog: all alone last night? My son heard
dialog: he went wandering around all by
dialog: himself. Near the power plant...
text: At the mention of this word, a figure at a nearby booth
text: lowers his newspaper, and narrows his eyes. It's Kent.
scene_heading: THIRD BUSYBODY
dialog: Tsk-tsk. On the very night those
dialog: power lines came down? The poor
dialog: child could have been killed.
text: The Busybodies gasp in shock and disapproval.
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: FIRST BUSYBODY
dialog: It just goes to prove my point. She
dialog: ought to provide him with a father
dialog: figure, if she cares about the boy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (0.S.)
dialog: She does care about her boy, for
dialog: your information.
text: Annie enters, tying on an apron. The Busybodies blush and
text: fan themselves nervously.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: And she thanks you so much for your
dialog: concern.
dialog: (then wearily)
dialog: More coffee, anyone?
speaker_heading: KENT (0.S.)
dialog: I'd love some.
text: Annie turns. Kent gives her his best smile. Annie pours
text: coffee, we see Kent studying her with a thoughtful, almost
text: sinister look. He glances at her name tag.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: Annie. What a very lovely name...
text: Annie smiles.
scene_heading: INT. WOODS - DAY
text: The Giant and Hogarth sit facing each other, each staring at
text: the other with curiosity.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: So... what are you?
text: The Giant tilts his head curiously but says nothing.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you talk?
text: The Giant continues staring, puzzled.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: "Talk." You know, words? "Blah-
dialog: blah- blah," like that. Can you do
dialog: that -- "Blah-blah-blah?"
text: The Giant opens and closes his mouth in imitation of
text: Hogarth. A series of deep metallic rumblings and clangings
text: come out of his mouth.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Well, you get the concept, anyway.
dialog: But we need to work on your
dialog: vocabulary. Let's see.
text: Hogarth looks around, sees a rock, and picks it up.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: See this? This is called a rock.
dialog: "Rock." Try it. "Rooock."
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Kraaan-chunk.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: "Rooock."
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Kroooonk.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Rock.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Rog.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Good! See? This is a... rock.
text: A look of dawning understanding comes over the Giant. He
text: looks at the rock in Hogarth's hand.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Rog.
text: He picks up a nearby boulder.
speaker_heading: GIANT (CONT'D)
dialog: Rog?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yes!
text: The Giant pulls a tree out of the ground.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Rog!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: No, no. That is a tree. Tree.
scene_heading: (POINTS AT ROCK) Rock. (POINTS AT
dialog: TREE) Treeeee.
dialog: 26.
text: The Giant's mouth hangs open in awe.
speaker_heading: GIANT
scene_heading: Rog... Treeee-(SOUND OF A TRUCK
speaker_heading: BEEING
scene_heading: CRUSHED IN A METAL COMPACTOR)
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Get it? Everything has a different
dialog: name. Rock. Tree...
text: The giant's mouth hangs open in awe...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SAME SHOT - HOURS LATER
text: A very tired Hogarth is still seated (uncomfortably now) in
text: front of a still awe-struck Giant. The Giant picks up a
text: piece of wood.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (tired)
dialog: Branch.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Braaannch.
text: The Giant picks up another piece of wood.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yeah, that's a branch, too.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Braaannch.
dialog: (picks up a rock)
dialog: Rog?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Look, we've pretty much covered
dialog: everything in the forest. And if I
dialog: don't get home soon, mom's gonna
dialog: wonder where I am.
dialog: (gets on his feet)
dialog: You stay here, okay? I'll come back
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Hogarth waves to the Giant and EXITS. Now Hogarth hears a
text: BOOM behind him. He turns to see the Giant following him.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: And don't follow me, either.
dialog: 27.
text: The Giant continues following, happily.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: I said don't. Don't follow me.
dialog: Stay. Go home. I mean it!
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACKS NEAR HOGARTH'S HOME - DAY
text: A fog is settling in, as Hogarth leaves the forest and
text: crosses a set of railroad tracks. He points to the house at
text: the bottom of the hill.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Look. That's where I live, okay?
dialog: I'm going there, and you're not,
dialog: understand? So goodbye. Hey...
text: He turns to see the Giant kneeling curiously beside the
text: railroad tracks. He pokes at them.
speaker_heading: GIANT
speaker_heading: (HUNGRY SOUND)
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hey, wait a minute--
text: Too late. The Giant bites down on the twin strands of
text: railroad track and rips them loose like spaghetti.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?!!
text: The Giant freezes, puzzled, long strings of railroad track
text: dangling from his month.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Put them back!
text: Now the Giant looks confused and guilty. DING DING DING!
text: The crossing signal blares, red lights flash. The Giant
text: stares at the pretty lights, entranced.
text: Hogarth GASPS, looks down the tracks. He hears a distant
scene_heading: whistle blow: WOO-WOOO.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
text: Oh no... .(HE RUNS TO THE GIANT)
dialog: Put them back RIGHT NOW!!!
text: The Giant stares, puzzled. Hogarth GROANS, runs to a piece
text: of track sticking up and pushes down on it with all his
text: weight... it doesn't budge.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Like this. Help me!
text: The Giant sees Hogarth struggling with the curled tracks,
text: takes one index finger, and helpfully pushes on them: KA-
dialog: BLAM! They're down.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Good! That's it!
text: The Giant grunts, pleased with himself... Hogarth HEARS the
text: train, close now. And then he sees-- the pieces of track
dialog: don't meet up.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Put them together! Like this!
text: Hogarth pantomimes. The Giant lines up one track--
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Now the other one... hurry!
text: -- then tries to line up the other side, but it's tricky,
text: the two chewed-on rails stubbornly resist lining up.
text: Finally, the giant gets them close.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Good enough! Come on!
text: Hogarth takes off, racing like the wind to get out of there.
text: He STOPS, looks back...
speaker_heading: THE GIANT
text: is still fussing with the tracks,
dialog: trying to get them perfect.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: No! Come on! The train's coming!
text: The Giant is intent on his puzzle: CLICK. CLICK. Almost.
text: Now we see the headlight of a big freight train coming out
text: of the fog. The Giant continues to fuss.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: The train!
text: The Giant finally SNAPS the track into place. CLICK. He
text: grins. A train whistle SHRIEKS! The startled Giant looks up
text: as Hogarth hits the dirt and--
speaker_heading: KA-BLOOM!
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST NEAR POWER STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Kent examines the broken branches. Hears the BOOM of the
dialog: train wreck.
scene_heading: RESUME TRAIN CROSSING - CONTINUOUS
text: Steam flies. The EXPLOSION dies away. Hogarth looks up.
text: The Giant is gone. The train, its front end smashed, coasts
text: down the track, breaks squealing. Hogarth looks around...
text: Then, THUMP! The Giant's head lands beside him.
text: An arm falls here, a leg there. A hand flies down the hill,
text: toward Hogarth's house.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Oh no...
text: Hogarth sees the giant lying around in big pieces. He
text: touches the Giant's hand gently, a look of pain and sadness
text: on his face.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
speaker_heading: (WHIMPERS )
text: And then, behind him, the Giant's
text: head, still attached to its torso,
text: sits up. Hogarth YELPS. The Giant's
text: eyes spark, flash and click on. He
text: looks around, dazed, at his
text: scattered parts.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: You're alive!
text: The torso has one leg and most of one arm attached. The
text: other pieces seem to come alive and scamper around as if
text: confused. An antenna rises out of the top of the Giant's
text: head and begins to "signal". All the pieces SNAP to
text: attention. They crawl toward the Giant, who gathers them up
text: in his arm and looks at Hogarth, confused. Just then we hear
text: voices coming from the fog.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hello? Is anyone out there? Are you
dialog: alright?
text: Hogarth squints into the fog.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: The train Conductor. Oh, we're in
dialog: trouble now...
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: (turns to Giant)
dialog: Okay, look. I've changed my mind.
dialog: You can follow me home.
text: He hurries off down the hill, with the one-legged Giant
text: hopping along behind him.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S BARN - DAY
text: Hogarth enters the barn, with the hopping Giant behind him.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: You can stay here for now.
text: The Giant takes a seat and sets his body parts down beside
text: him. The Giant's arm parts dutifully line up, the arm first.
text: He picks it up and jams it into its socket.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: And try to keep it quiet okay? My
dialog: mom's not too big on me having any
dialog: pets right now. "Shhhh" -- get
dialog: it?
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN TRACKS - CONTINUOUS
text: The train ENGINEER and a CONDUCTOR are examining the tracks
text: in the swirling fog.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Whatever we hit, it was something
text: big. A tractor, maybe.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: More like a tank, I'd say.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: So where the heck did it go?
text: Out of the fog comes Kent, pipe in hand. He casts a glance
text: at the Conductor and the Engineer, then turns and looks down
text: the hill towards Hogarth's house.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Annie enters from the kitchen, wiping her hands on her
dialog: apron.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Dinner's been on the table for
dialog: twenty minutes now. Where have you
dialog: been all afternoon?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I could tell you, Mom. But I really
dialog: don't think you'd believe me.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Somehow, I don't doubt that.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: The Giant finishes attaching his leg, and is now all
text: together save for a missing HAND. He looks around the barn
dialog: for it.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE - THAT NIGHT
text: Annie and Hogarth sit at the dinner table.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Would you say grace, please?
text: Hogarth folds his hands together, and starts to bow his head
text: when he STOPS: behind Annie, the Giant's hand crawls across
text: the kitchen floor like a tarantula.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: OH MY GOD!
text: Annie looks up. Hogarth rolls his eyes to heaven.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my God, we thank you for the...
dialog: uh, food that Mom has put in front
dialog: of us and--
dialog: STOP!!!
text: Hogarth jumps up. The curious hand-- now standing up on two
text: fingers and reaching for an antique vase-- reacts to
text: Hogarth's tone and shrinks back. Hogarth sees Annie staring
text: at him. Again, he covers --
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: -the Devil from doing bad things...
dialog: and--
speaker_heading: (TO HAND)
dialog: GET OUTTA HERE!...uh, Satan. GO!
dialog: GO! So that we may live in peace.
dialog: Amen.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Amen. That was...
dialog: (words fail her)
dialog: ...really unusual, Hogarth.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (leaps to his feet)
dialog: Gotta use the bathroom.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well... (HE'S ALREADY GONE) Okay.
scene_heading: LIVING ROOM - FRONT ENTRANCE
text: Hogarth runs up to the hand, blocking it from going to the
text: cellar. He takes one of the enormous fingers with both
text: hands, and leads it like a baby elephant to the front door.
text: He opens the door revealing--
text: --KENT, startled, about to knock. He smiles his most
text: charming smile. Hogarth GASPS, SLAMS the door. He breathes
text: hard, panicking. But when he turns around, the hand is
speaker_heading: GONE.
text: The doorbell RINGS. Not knowing what to do, Hogarth opens
text: it. Kent's still there, smiling, as before.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Hey there, Scout... Kent Mansley. I
dialog: work for the government. Your
dialog: parents home?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: We're eating.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: What's wrong, Scout? You seem a
dialog: little jumpy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Who is it, Hogarth?
text: Annie has entered the living room. Kent REACTS.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Why, hello there! Annie, isn't it?
dialog: From the diner?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That's right! Mr. Mansley?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Please. Call me Kent.
dialog: (wheels turning)
dialog: So this is your house...
dialog: (to Hogarth)
dialog: ...then you must be Hobo!
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hogarth.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Hobart.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH & ANNIE
speaker_heading: HOGARTH.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Yes indeed. I'm terribly sorry to
dialog: bother you at this hour, but I'm
text: looking into a little train
dialog: accident that happened nearby and--
dialog: my goodness! Is there a blue-
dialog: ribbon pie in the oven, or have I
dialog: died and gone to Heaven?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: We've just sat down to dinner, Mr.
dialog: Mansley. Would you care to join us?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: If it's not too much trouble, I'd
dialog: be delighted!
text: He flashes her a thousand-dollar smile. As Annie turns her
text: back to lead them into the dining room, Kent's smile fades
text: into a calculating look.
text: Hogarth sees it all, and glares as Kent walks past him.
text: Kent doffs his hat, places it over Hogarth's head as he
text: advances into the living room.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. Pretend you're a gangster.
text: The hat covers Hogarth's head. He stands there, looking
dialog: ridiculous.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S DINING ROOM - A LITTLE LATER
text: Hogarth, Annie and Kent are seated at the dinner table.
text: Kent is pouring on the charm to Annie, as Hogarth continues
text: to eye him suspiciously. Kent pats his stomach.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Well! It certainly is true what
dialog: they say; the hospitality in these
dialog: parts is second to none.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Which parts would those be, sir?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Well, you know, uh... Maine.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I never heard anyone say that about
dialog: Maine. Have you, Mom?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth...
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Oh, it's alright. He's a bright
dialog: boy. I like bright boys...
text: He lights his pipe and studies Hogarth closely.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: So tell me, Hogarth. What do you
dialog: think of all the goings-on around
dialog: here lately?
text: Hogarth plays innocent.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Goings-on?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You know, the power plant being
dialog: destroyed and all.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Careful, Mr. Mansley... he's got a
dialog: powerful imagination.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Please. Call me Kent. I like to be
dialog: on a first-name basis with first-
dialog: class chefs.
text: Annie smiles. Hogarth rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: If it's alright with everybody, I
dialog: think I'll be excused now.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: But you haven't answered my
dialog: question, Hogarth.
text: Kent leans in toward Hogarth menacingly.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: The powerplant.
dialog: (leans closer)
dialog: The train.
dialog: (even closer)
dialog: Surely you must have a theory,
dialog: Hogarth. A bright boy like you.
dialog: Surely you must have an inkling --
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (blurting it out)
dialog: There's a monster out there!
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: What???
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: It's a hideous creature, five
dialog: stories tall, and if you go out
dialog: looking for it you won't come back
dialog: alive!
text: There's a moment of stunned silence. Then...
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You're... kidding.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Of course he's kidding.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I'm a kid. That's what we do.
text: Suddenly, a toilet flushes upstairs. A puzzled expression
text: comes over Hogarth's face, then Annie's, then Kent's.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Do you have a guest?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No...
text: Hogarth leaps from his seat and dashes out of the room.
text: Kent raises an eyebrow. Annie looks puzzled.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM
text: Hogarth yanks open the door, revealing:
text: The giant hand, which crouches on the sink as it unrolls a
text: pile of toilet paper into a pile on the floor.
dialog: 36.
text: Hogarth shuts the door behind him, startling the hand, which
text: leaps to the floor with a THUD!
dialog: BACK TO THE
speaker_heading: DINNER TABLE
text: Kent and Annie react to the sound, and stare at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Excuse me.
text: She exits.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM
text: Hogarth labors as he pulls the giant hand toward the open
text: window. The hand resists mildly, like a distracted child--
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE BATHROOM
text: Annie stands outside the door. She knocks.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth? Are you alright?
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Kent turns his attention to the sounds coming from upstairs.
text: He exits.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM
text: Using his whole body, Hogarth tries to shove the giant hand
text: out the open window.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
speaker_heading: (GRUNTING SOUNDS)
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE BATHROOM
text: Kent has joined Annie, and the two of them listen together.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
speaker_heading: (LOUDER GRUNTING)
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: This sort of thing is why it's so
dialog: important to really chew your
dialog: food...
text: Annie shoots Kent a disapproving look.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: With a mighty shove, he finally manages to get the hand out
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: --rrrrrgggggghhhhh!
text: The hand lands with a terrific crash, Hogarth tumbles to the
text: ground, and Annie and Kent burst in through the door to
speaker_heading: REVEAL--
text: Hogarth... sheepishly standing
text: there in a large PILE of unrolled
dialog: toilet paper.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Good lord, you've been acting
dialog: strange lately.
text: Kent looks from Hogarth to the open window. In the darkness
text: outside, he seems to see a shadowy figure moving in the
text: dark. He turns to Annie, and gives her his patented smile.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Do you have a telephone I could
dialog: use?
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S LIVING ROOM - A LITTLE LATER
text: Kent, hunkered into a corner in an attempt at privacy,
text: speaks into a telephone in a loud whisper. Kent peers
text: around cautiously, making sure he's not observed.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: --let me put it bluntly, sir. I'm
dialog: onto something big in Rockwell,
dialog: Maine.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: (tired)
dialog: What is it this time, Kent?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: This time -- well, this time it's a
dialog: giant, that's roaming around the
dialog: town destroying things.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Uh-huh. Well, you be sure to file
dialog: us a report, and we'll be sure to
dialog: process it.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Excellent, sir. And in the
dialog: meantime, I'd like to call in my
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Your... team?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: My backup, my support squad. Half a
dialog: dozen men are all I need to
dialog: start...
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Kent, I know this will come as a
dialog: shock to you, but we can't just
dialog: give a team to anyone who asks.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (puffing himself up)
dialog: Forgive my saying so, sir, but I'm
dialog: not just anyone, and I've never
dialog: asked. Before. Until now.
dialog: (there is a long silence)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: You haven't really found something,
dialog: have you?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I think I have, sir, yes.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: You think. Do you have proof?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Sir, I've got a feeling about this
dialog: one, a gut feeling...
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: That's lovely, Kent. But let me
dialog: try to explain how this works. If
dialog: you called to tell me you'd found,
dialog: say, a giant footprint, I might
dialog: send over an expert to make a
dialog: plaster cast of it. If you saw an
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: actual giant with your own eyes, I
dialog: might even send you the team you're
dialog: asking for. Heck, you go so far as
dialog: to get me a photograph, I could
dialog: probably get the U.S.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Army over there to Rockwell, Maine.
dialog: But you tell me you've got a
dialog: feeling--
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (temper rising)
dialog: Alright then, fine. You want
dialog: evidence? I'll get your evidence...
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: (TIRED) That sounds swell, Kent.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: And when I do, I'm going to want a
dialog: memo distributed! And I'm going to
dialog: want that memo carbon copied and --
dialog: and re-distributed and --
text: The Chief hangs up. As Kent stands with the phone receiver
text: in his hand, a look of dark determination comes over his
dialog: face.
text: And then we pan up through the ceiling above Kent, into
text: Hogarth's room. Hogarth also holds a phone receiver, with
text: one hand cupped over the mouthpiece. He looks worried.
scene_heading: EXT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE - THE NEXT MORNING
text: Annie says goodbye to Hogarth at the front door.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Bye, Honey! Have a good day at
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (WAVING) Bye, Mom.
text: Hogarth pedals his bike away until he's out of sight of the
text: front house, then zips around the side of the house, ditches
text: his bike and grabs a little red wagon.
speaker_heading: IN A QUICK
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
text: Hogarth pulls the wagon around, collecting metal. He finds
text: some cans, an old car muffler, a fallen street sign, etc.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S BARN - A LITTLE LATER
text: Hogarth enters and finds the Giant sleeping.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Ahem...
dialog: 40.
text: The Giant opens his eyes. He sees the wagon full of metal
text: and looks delighted.
speaker_heading: GIANT
speaker_heading: (HUNGRY SOUND)
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: It wasn't easy to fill this wagon.
dialog: So try to not to eat it all at once-
text: The Giant picks the wagon up, and dumps its entire contents
text: into his mouth. Hogarth is speechless.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you have any idea what it took
dialog: to find that metal??? I scoured the
dialog: neighborhood! I had to ditch
dialog: school! I've never done that
dialog: before, I--
text: The Giant picks up the wagon and eats that too. Hogarth
text: sighs and takes a seat.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: So... now that we've eaten, how
dialog: shall we spend the rest of our day?
text: The Giant looks at him, not understanding.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay. I'll teach you more words.
text: Hogarth stands up and points at his house.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: That is my "home." That's where I
dialog: come from . My...
dialog: (points at himself)
dialog: home...
text: Hogarth points to his house. The Giant looks at it.
speaker_heading: GIANT
scene_heading: (METALLIC CLANKING THAT
text: SOUNDS SOMETHING LIKE
speaker_heading: "HOME" )
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Right. Now where is...
dialog: (points at giant)
dialog: ...your home?
dialog: The Giant
dialog: 41.
text: looks at Hogarth's house, then follows Hogarth's
text: pointing hand, and looks at himself. Then a look of deep
text: sadness comes over his face. His shoulders shrug, and his
text: hands turn palm-upward in a puzzled gesture.
speaker_heading: GIANT
speaker_heading: (PUZZLED, ANGUISHED
speaker_heading: SOUND )
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: You mean... you don't know where
dialog: you came from?
speaker_heading: GIANT
scene_heading: (ANGUISHED, INARTICULATE
speaker_heading: GIANT SOUNDS)
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Wow. You poor guy...
text: Now we hear a deep rumbling sound. The Giant looks down at
text: his stomach hungrily.
dialog: The Giant
dialog: He points
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: I know, I know.
dialog: (thinks for a moment)
dialog: Okay, I know a place where it's all
dialog: you can eat. But not until after
dialog: dark.
text: stares at him, uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Let me put it this way.
text: at through the window at the sun.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: "Sun."
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: "Suuughn."
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: When the sun goes down...
text: Hogarth mimes the sun arcing down the sky to sunset. The he
text: taps on the Giant's iron belly.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Feeding time. Get it?
speaker_heading: GIANT
scene_heading: (COMPREHENDING SOUND)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Good!
text: Hogarth starts to leave, then pauses and turns back to look
dialog: at the Giant.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: You're smarter than you look,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: (puzzled sound)
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (exiting)
dialog: Never mind.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL
text: In a time-lapse, we see the sun arc across the sky and set
text: over picturesque Rockwell, Maine.
scene_heading: EXT. HOGARTH'S BARN - NIGHT
text: Two silhouettes creep into the night -- one small, one
dialog: enormous.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - NIGHT
text: A ways off, Hogarth relaxes.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Come on. Let's go!
text: Hogarth starts walking. The Giant moves past him- BOOM BOOM
text: BOOM! -and with a half dozen strides, is almost out of
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: STOP!
text: On the horizon, the giant turns, looks puzzled: now what?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Not that fast! Sheesh! Come back
dialog: here!
text: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! In two seconds, the giant stands at
text: Hogarth's side and looks down at him, confused.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Pick me up, OK?
dialog: 43.
text: The giant does as he's told, lowers his huge hand to the
text: ground. Hogarth climbs up on it. The giant carefully
text: raises up his hand, with Hogarth on it. Hogarth grabs onto
text: a finger, and points toward the northwest.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, now. March!
text: Hogarth hangs on for dear life as the giant quickly
text: accelerates. Hogarth looks down, and GASPS: they're really
dialog: moving!
scene_heading: EXT. POWER PLANT - NIGHT
text: Kent is hunting around the power plant with a flashlight,
text: muttering to himself.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (scornful)
dialog: "Evidence". I'll get your
dialog: evidence...
text: He scans the vast expanse of forest with his flashlight, and
text: sags hopelessly.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: ...somewhere...
scene_heading: EXT. HILLS OUTSIDE ROCKWELL - LATER
text: Hogarth and the Giant are marching along a back road on the
text: hills outside town.
speaker_heading: FROM HOGARTH'S POV
text: It's like a magic carpet ride, as the moon-lit countryside
text: below sails past his vantage point, fifty feet above the
text: ground. Hogarth points at a church steeple.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Church. Churrrch.
speaker_heading: GIANT
speaker_heading: Churrr-(CRUNCH)
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yes. People pray there.
dialog: (points at another
dialog: building)
dialog: School. Can you say that?
dialog: Schooool...
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Skooo...
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Schooool suuuucks...
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Skoooo saauuugz...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Very good. And that's all you need
dialog: to know about school.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS
text: Kent has wandered some distance from the power plant now.
text: His flashlight beam sweeps across the ground.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Nothing. Nothing...
text: Just then, he hears a noise behind him. He stops. Wheels
text: around -- and the beam of his flashlight catches--
text: --a MOOSE. Huge. Enormous antlers. Looking right at him. The
text: moose SNORTS. Kent backpedals, stumbles backward into a
dialog: ditch-
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: Whooooa!
text: --loudly enough to scare off the moose. He gets up, dusts
text: himself off, shines his flashlight around and discovers what
text: he's standing in is not a ditch at all, but a--
text: GIANT FOOTPRINT, perfectly preserved in a patch of dried
dialog: mud.
text: Kent GASPS. The gasp becomes a sound of delight. He begins
dialog: to laugh...
text: And then a single rain drop falls on head. Kent looks up.
text: Another drop falls.
text: The laughter ceases.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS
text: Hogarth is still riding on the Giant's shoulder. Rain has
text: begun to drizzle down now.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: And that building there is the
dialog: coffee shop.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Kau-(CLANG) shawww...
dialog: He raises
dialog: The Giant
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: That's where my mom works.
dialog: Sometimes she has to stay late, to
dialog: make extra money ‘cause... well, my
dialog: Dad's away. You know what a "dad"
dialog: is? A "father?"
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: "Pa-grrr?"
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yeah. It's like me...
dialog: (points at himself)
dialog: Only bigger.
text: a hand indicating somone taller.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: He used to take me to baseball
dialog: games. This one time, we brought
dialog: binoculars, and we tried to figure
dialog: out what pitch the catcher was
dialog: calling! One year we want to go to
dialog: every home game! I mean-- we
dialog: wanted to...
text: stops walking and swivels his enormous head to
text: face Hogarth. For a moment, they stare at each other in
text: silence, with the rain pouring down around them. Then
text: Hogarth bursts out, almost angrily.
dialog: The Giant
dialog: The Giant
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Aw, what am I even talking to you
dialog: for? You can't understand a word
dialog: I'm saying!
text: continues staring.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Can you?
text: speaks --and somewhere within the metal clanging
text: of his voice, there seems to be a note of sympathetic
dialog: sadness.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: "Fa-grrrr."
text: Hogarth sighs, and pats the Giant on the side of the head.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Well, I guess it's better than
dialog: talking to myself.
dialog: 46.
text: The Giant looks pleased by this. They continue on their
dialog: way.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS
text: Kent, soaked to the bone, is sitting on the edge of the
text: Giant footprint, which has become a soggy, nondescript mess.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: God hates me...
text: He pulls out his pipe, and tries to light it, but his soggy
dialog: matches won't strike.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: Damnation!
dialog: (shouting heavenward)
dialog: Can't a guy get a break around
dialog: here?!!
text: Suddenly the rain lets up. Kent looks surprised. Then
text: pleased. He lights his pipe. Then turns to heaven again.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank you. Waaagh!
text: He does a huge double take as he looks up to see the Giant's
text: smiling head looming above him. The Giant picks up Kent's
text: metal flashlight, eats it, and in three strides is gone from
text: sight, leaving the terrified and exhilarated Kent behind.
text: UNDER THE GIANT'S CHIN...
text: ...Hogarth PEEKS OUT, breathing hard.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: That can't be good.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAN'S JUNKARD - NIGHT
text: A metal graveyard, sprawling as far as the eye can see.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (0.S.)
dialog: This is it.
text: The Giant's metal hand sets Hogarth down into frame.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: All you can eat.
text: The Giant surveys the metal in all directions: MOANING
text: happily as he spies a huge stack of cars. He selects one,
text: and slowly... carefully... bites into it...
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: GIANT
speaker_heading: (DELIGHTED SOUND)
text: He selects another car, picks it up
text: and bites into it like a gourmand
text: tasting a fine chocolate.
speaker_heading: GIANT (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Mmmm...
text: He tastes another.
speaker_heading: GIANT (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Ooooooh...
dialog: --causing the CAR HORN TO BLAST!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: SHHHH!! Turn it off, turn it OFF!!!
text: The giant looks around nervously, helplessly, beginning to
text: PANIC. He tries shaking it, then sitting on it... but
text: nothing works; the horn is STUCK.
text: Hogarth looks back toward the house--
text: AT THE FAR END OF THE JUNKYARD
text: A light goes on in a little house.
text: Finally, the Giant takes a monster chomp and snaps the car
text: in half. The horn strangles into silence.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD HOUSE
text: Dean reaches the door, opens it: a GASPING, out-of-breath
text: Hogarth stands on his doorstep. Dean studies Hogarth for a
text: moment. Then breaks into a smile.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Hey, I know you. Squirrel boy.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hogarth.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: By night known as Hogarth. Got it.
dialog: Well, come inside kid. Hell, it's
dialog: raining out there, isn't it?
scene_heading: INT. DEAN'S HOUSE
text: Jazz is playing on the hi-fi of this distinctly bohemian
text: pad. Dean presses an espresso.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Listen, you're not going to call my
dialog: mom are you? She doesn't know I'm
dialog: out. I could get in trouble.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Don't worry, kid. It's not my
dialog: style to report a guy to the
dialog: authorities.
text: He brings over two espresso cups and hands one to Hogarth.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Espresso for me, Bosco for you. But
dialog: I thought you'd dig the little cup.
text: Hogarth looks pleased.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: My name's Dean. I'm a nobody. And
dialog: you are...?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hogarth. I'm... kind of a nobody,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: So what brings you all the way up
dialog: here, Hogarth? You riding some
dialog: kind of crazy inspiration?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I've been riding something
dialog: alright...
text: The record finishes, and in the silence: LOUD CRUNCHING
text: NOISES from outside. Dean jumps up.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Did you hear that???
text: He grabs a crowbar, runs to the door; Hogarth jumps up.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: No, wait! Stop!
scene_heading: EXT. DEAN'S HOME - NIGHT
text: The door flies open, Dean leaps out, YELLS:
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Who's out there?!
text: He hears a metallic GASP. He looks up, up, up and sees the
text: gargantuan Giant, tailpipes sticking out of his mouth,
text: frozen, a guilty "caught!" look on its face. Dean YELPS...
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT'D)
dialog: --my god! RUN KID, RUN!!!!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (rolls his eyes)
dialog: It's OK...!
text: But the heroic Dean seizes Hogarth and turns to duck inside--
text: --which the giant immediately interprets as a threat and--
text: --SLAMS his massive hand in front of the door, blocking it
text: as Hogarth tries to break free of Dean, to explain--
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: The giant isn't--let GO!
text: as the giant GRABS DEAN, hoisting him high in the air.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
text: DON'T SQUASH HIM!! DO NOT SQ--
text: The giant STOPS--looks down at Hogarth, puzzled.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: ...Squash.... him. Good boy.
dialog: (beat, heavy sigh, then-)
dialog: His name is Dean. We like Dean.
dialog: Dean good. Put him down.
speaker_heading: THE GIANT
dialog: Dean.
text: The giant grins at Dean; he sways, shocked, overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Dean, meet a friend of mine. Dean,
text: giant. Giant, Dean.
text: The giant grins, and kind of "waves". Dean stands there,
text: pale, completely overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: More coffee...?
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. DEANS HOUSE - SOME TIME LATER
text: Dean stares, stunned, at the huge, impassive giant.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: So... where'd he come from?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: He doesn't remember. He's like a
dialog: little kid...
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Little.
dialog: (mirthless laugh)
dialog: Yeah. Huh.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: He needs food. And shelter.
text: Dean stares at Hogarth in expressionless shock. Then slowly
text: stands, pours out his coffee, goes inside, locking the door
text: behind him.
scene_heading: SAME SHOT - 37 MINUTES LATER
text: The blinds have been pulled. Hogarth stands at the Dean's
text: front door, pleading.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: You got plenty of room here! This
dialog: place is perfect!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (from inside, muffled)
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I can have him push the door down.
dialog: You know I can.
text: Pause. The door opens and there's Dean, looking annoyed.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Hogarth! I can't hide it here!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Him. Not it. Him.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Whatever! You don't even know where
dialog: he came from! Or what the hell he
dialog: is!
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: He's ...my friend.
text: Dean stares at immovable Hogarth. Behind him, dawn breaks.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (low mutter)
dialog: Yeah. What am I, am I your friend?
dialog: Bring some frankenbot with out of
dialog: state plates over here and make me
dialog: change my tune... don't like that
dialog: jazz... God, I'm tired...
text: Dean gives up, stands, worn-out, exhausted.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: So! He can stay?!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Tonight. Tomorrow, I don't know...
dialog: (wanders inside,
dialog: muttering)
dialog: ...figure something out....
text: Dean stumbles toward his home. Hogarth grins, and looks at
text: the now-tired giant, YAWNING.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Let's get you tucked in....
scene_heading: EXT. DEAN'S JUNKYARD - NIGHT
text: Hogarth smiles to himself, as he watches the giant sleep,
text: now covered with a layer of junk, a camouflage-comforter.
text: And then he hears a BEEPING NOISE. Hogarth looks up and
text: sees an ARMY PLANE, flying towards him.
text: The BEEPING gets louder. Hogarth realizes it's coming from
text: the Giant. Suddenly: WHIR, a panel on the giant's arm
text: slides open. A strange device pops out and starts tracking
text: the plane overhead.
text: Hogarth panics: as the plane comes nearer the BEEPING
text: becomes more insistent, the strange device tracks the plane:
text: it looks very retro-advanced and scary.
text: The giant starts MOANING, thrashing in his sleep as if
text: caught in a bad dream. Suddenly he wakes up and ka-CHUK!--
text: the device withdraws. The plane disappears over the trees.
text: Hogarth looks at the giant, stunned. The giant, unaware,
text: looks at Hogarth, puzzled.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: It's okay. Go back to sleep. It was
dialog: just a bad dream.
text: The giant nods, comforted, and drops off into sleep.
text: Hogarth walks away, deeply troubled.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE
text: Hogarth creeps upstairs to his room, pulls back the covers,
text: and is just about to dive in... when Annie enters; spies
text: Hogarth up and dressed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You're up already?
text: Hogarth tiredly replaces the bedcovers.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: ...just making the bed....
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That's nice. Come downstairs. I
dialog: have a surprise for you...
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE LIVING ROOM - LIVING ROOM
text: An exhausted Hogarth shuffles downstairs, and into the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: He sits down sleepily at the breakfast table and then GASPS:
text: sitting across from him, reading the paper and looking quite
dialog: at home in a fatherly way is --
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Kent...?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Morning, sport. Sleep well?
text: He feels Kent's knowing eyes boring into him.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Moooooooom!
text: Annie appears, carrying a plate of waffles. She sets a
text: plate down and leans in towards Hogarth, beaming.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Isn't it wonderful, Hogarth? We
dialog: finally got a border!
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (PANICKED) Oh no...
text: Kent looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You know, I meant to wake up bright
dialog: and early this morning. But from
dialog: the look of those waffles, I'm
dialog: still in bed dreaming!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, Mr. Mansley--
dialog: (Kent wags a finger)
dialog: -- Kent.
text: Kent and Annie share a meaningful look. Hogarth looks ill.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Uh... I'm not very hungry.
text: He exits. Kent watches him go, then picks up the fork that
text: Hogarth was holding, and surreptitiously drops it ina
text: little plastic evidence bag.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Hogarth strolls in and takes a seat at the counter next toa
text: man reading a newspaper. A bored waitress approaches.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Chocolate malted, please.
dialog: (she exits)
dialog: I've never been in here. Mom says
dialog: the coffee's weak and they put meat
text: extender in the hamburger.
scene_heading: MAN BEHIND NEWSPAPER
dialog: It ain't the diner, sparky. But
dialog: it's more private.
text: The man lowers the paper to reveal his face. It's Dean. He
text: glances around cautiously to make sure they're not being
dialog: watched.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: So. Your friend's got quite an
dialog: appetite.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yeah. When I found him, he was
text: trying to eat the power station.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: So where does he come from?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (shrugs)
text: He doesn't know.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You can talk to him???
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Kinda. He can't say a lot of words
dialog: yet, but he understands things
dialog: pretty good.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I wonder if he had something to do
text: with the meteorite that splashed
dialog: down here the other day. Then
dialog: again, maybe he was the
dialog: meteorite...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: That's what I was thinking! He
dialog: came from outer space!!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Maybe. Or maybe he was launched
text: into space from earth.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hey, maybe the commies made him!
dialog: You know, in one of their secret
dialog: labs.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Or maybe we built him in one of
dialog: ours. Our government has secrets,
dialog: too you know.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (getting into it)
dialog: Or maybe he comes from underground,
dialog: you know? Like, he's this
dialog: undiscovered species, that evolved
dialog: from minerals or something, while
dialog: we were evolving out of monkeys.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Maybe, kid. And then, again, maybe
dialog: the monkeys evolved from us.
text: Dean laughs and puts his hands behind his head, and strikes
text: a philosophical pose.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I wish we knew why he was here.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Hey, I wish I knew why I was here.
text: Hogarth puts his hands behind his head and strikes a
text: philosophical pose, too. He seems to be enjoying the adult
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I mean if you think about it,
dialog: nobody really knows where they came
dialog: from, why they're here, or where
dialog: they're going. We believe. We
dialog: hope. But we don't know.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Right, right...
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: And some cats, that scares 'em, you
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: You're telling me.
speaker_heading: DEAN
text: They race around, play the game,
dialog: chase money, chase power...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Just so they won't have to wonder
dialog: what life's all about.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: (beat, suddenly
dialog: impressed)
dialog: Hey...
text: Dean lifts his coffee cup, saluting Hogarth. They sit in
text: silence for a moment, happily contemplating the universe.
scene_heading: INT. DARK LABORATORY
text: As Kent looks on, an AGENT in a lab coat studies a spoon --
text: now dusted with white powder -- under a microscope.
dialog: 56.
text: After a moment, he looks up, and gestures at the BB-gun,
text: also dusted with powder, which lies on the table nearby. The
text: Agent turns to the man in shadow standing over him.
scene_heading: LAB-COAT AGENT
text: It's the same fingerprint.
text: A match is struck. We follow it up to the man's pipe,
text: already in his mouth. As the match flares it lights up
text: Kent's face. He smiles diabolically.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Hogarth contentedly slurps the last of his malted through a
text: plastic straw. Dean works on a slab of apple pie.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hey, Dean?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: What is life all about? For you, I
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: For me? Well...
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I guess I'd like to prove there's
dialog: something pure in me, you know?
dialog: They say the soul is part angel and
dialog: part monster. Sometimes I think
dialog: life is a chance to set the angel
dialog: free.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
text: The Giant looks like a monster.
dialog: But inside he's good. I can tell.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I hope you're right, kid. The
dialog: world could use an angel that size.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: You won't tell anybody about him,
dialog: will you?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Nah. He's an outsider. I've gota
dialog: soft spot for outsiders.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Hogarth comes riding home on his bike. He parks it at the
text: side of the house, and starts to go inside, then hesitates.
text: He holds out a hand, and feels a drop of rain, looks up at
text: the clouds... then takes his bike and wheels it toward the
dialog: barn instead.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - DAY
text: Hogarth opens the barn door, and GASPS.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH'S POV:
text: Kent and the labcoat AGENT sit at a small, improvised lab
text: table. Nearby are four OTHER AGENTS in suits and ties;
text: studying maps, monitoring listening equipment, generating
text: artist conceptions of the giant. They look up, aghast.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Moooom!
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - A LITTLE LATER
text: Kent and the agents sit stoically at the breakfast table.
text: Annie stands facing them with folded arms. Hogarth stands
text: nearby, scowling.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: So you work for the government?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: That's right.
text: A long PAUSE...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Our government?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Of course. Annie, please, let me
dialog: explain. Every once in a while
dialog: things happen to people that just
dialog: can't be rationalized ina
dialog: conventional way. The Unexplained
dialog: Phenomena Department was created to
dialog: respond to the bizarre, the
dialog: strange, the--well, unexplainable
dialog: events that happen every day all
dialog: across this great land. From the
dialog: mountains to the prairies, to the
dialog: oceans--
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Do you actually work in Washington?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Yes indeed. Washington D.C...
text: As Kent begins to wax on about his work, we CUT TO:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: WASHINGTON D.C. - MORNING
text: Kent strides briskly through the crisp morning air, making
text: his way through many equally ambitous go-getters on their
dialog: way to do the nations work. Familiar Washington monuments
text: fill the background.
speaker_heading: KENT (V.O., CONT'D)
dialog: ...if you're of a mind to be a
dialog: mover and a shaker, it's the only
dialog: place to be.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: GOVERNMENT BUILDING - LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: Kent enters an impressive government building. While most of
text: the workforce heads up the massive marble stairs, Kent heads
text: down the narrow stairs off to the side.
speaker_heading: KENT (V.O., CONT'D)
dialog: A place where an individual with
dialog: pluck and ambition can really get
dialog: ahead...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: GOVERNMENT BUILDING SUBLEVEL - NARROW HALLWAY
text: Kent walks down the endless row of identical doors, stopping
text: in front of one labeled "UNEXPLAINED PHENOMENA DEPT." Kent
text: unlocks the door and enters a sparse, windowless office not
text: much larger than the desk in the center of it.
speaker_heading: KENT (V.O., CONT'D)
dialog: ...Safe in the knowledge that the
dialog: vast resources of the U.S.
dialog: Government are at ones disposal.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: KENT'S OFFICE
text: Kent sits idly at his desk, evenly spacing a row of
text: sharpened pencils across the desktop. Clearly there's no
dialog: action here.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: KENT (V.O., CONT'D)
dialog: Although we're simply inundated
dialog: with calls, we limit ourselves to
dialog: only the most demanding cases. It's
dialog: a challenge, I won't deny it.
text: The phone finally RINGS and Kent SEIZES it hungrily...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: APPALACHIAN MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: A couple of slack-jawed yokels gape as Kent pulls a large
text: deflated baloon down from a tree, "U.S. WEATHER SERVICE"
text: stenciled on its side. Kent displays it to them, glaring.
text: They grin sheepishly.
speaker_heading: KENT (V.O., CONT'D)
dialog: I could tell you many strange
dialog: stories, but unfortunately, all of
dialog: them are classified.
scene_heading: RESUME ANNIE'S KITCHEN - KENT & COMPANY
text: Kent leans back in his chair, his story told.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I hope that helps to calm some of
dialog: your worries, Annie. And you, too,
dialog: Hogarth. Hogarth?
text: The Agents all look around. Hogarth is nowhere to be seen.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: You're supposed to be watching him!
text: The Agents hustle out of the room.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: (then smiling, to Annie)
dialog: For his own good, of course.
scene_heading: EXT. ENORMOUS GATES OF IRON - DAY
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Open the blast doors!
text: The massive gates open: Hogarth, wearing a space helmet and
text: carrying a plastic ray gun, walks through. WIDEN TO REVEAL:
text: the gates are actually the giant's two hands.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Level two. Commander Thruster to
dialog: base... I have found the escape
dialog: vehicle.
dialog: 60.
text: The giant's hand takes him up, up... to a junk car atop a
text: big junk pile. Hogarth climbs in, grabs the wheel.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Main engines: 1, 2, and 3! Blast
dialog: off!
text: The giant grabs the car and "flies" it around.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON - DEAN'S HOUSE
text: Dean sits on his porch, watching.
scene_heading: BACK TO - THE
speaker_heading: GIANT
text: Hogarth's face compresses from the G-forces. He looks
dialog: green.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: We're landing... we're landing!
text: From his porch Dean watches, grins. The car "lands",
text: Hogarth stumbles out, dizzy. The giant CHORTLES.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D)
dialog: Only one creature could create such
dialog: destruction. The hideous, man-
text: eating killing machine... ROBOTRON!
text: Hogarth waits. The Giant just stands there, staring at him.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: (impatienly)
dialog: Robotron...
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Roarrrr....
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: No, no, no. Bigger...!
speaker_heading: GIANT
text: ROOAARRRR! ! 1!!!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Good! Okay, Robotron... take
dialog: THIS!!!
text: He whips his toy gun out, aims it at the Giant and pulls the
text: trigger. It WHINES and sparks.
text: Suddenly the Giant freezes. His eyes lock on the gun, and a
text: reddish glow comes into his eyes.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: When I zap you, you're supposed to
dialog: fall down. Remember? Like I told
dialog: you...
text: With his eyes still glowing, the Giant reaches out both
text: hands, zombie-like, towards Hogarth.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey...
text: The hands begin closing around Hogarth, who is beginning to
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait a minute! It's me, Hogarth...
text: He sees that the Giant is staring at his gun, and quickly
text: slips it behind his back.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Your friend!
text: The Giant freezes. The red fades from his eyes. Then he
text: looks at his hands which are closed threateningly around
dialog: Hogarth.
speaker_heading: GIANT
speaker_heading: (GASP OF SHOCK) HOGARTH
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: Hey, it's okay. I know you didn't
dialog: mean it. But, uh, maybe that's
dialog: enough playing for now.
text: Hogarth gets up and heads for Dean's house. As he turns away
text: from the Giant, we see that he wears a look of deep concern.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAN'S HOUSE
text: Hogarth takes a seat on the porch beside Dean, who is
text: scanning the hills with binoculars.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You're sure you weren't followed?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yeah. It's not too hard to lose
dialog: those guys.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Don't get cocky. Even guys in
dialog: suits can learn.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Why do they want to get him,
dialog: anyway? Just because he's
dialog: different?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: That's generally all it takes.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: They don't even know him, and they
dialog: just assume he's dangerous.
text: They stare out at the Giant, as he opens a car hood, plucks
text: out the engine, eats it, and throws away the "shell."
dialog: The Giant
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Yeah. I just hope they're wrong.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Look, I saw what happened out there
dialog: just now. When you drew a gun on
text: him, he got a look in his eye...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: It's not his fault! He can't help
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: That's what worries me. We don't
dialog: know what he's capable of. On the
dialog: surface he may be gentle, but on
dialog: the inside he could be a killer.
text: looks up curiously. Hogarth shushes Dean.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Don't use that word around him!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Because he cares. I can't explain
dialog: it, but... he cares about what he
dialog: is. He's getting so he can
dialog: understand all kinds of stuff now.
dialog: If he hears you use that word
dialog: around him...
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Okay, okay. I'm just saying, be
dialog: careful.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So... have we got a plan here? I
dialog: mean, he can't stay here forever.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I know...
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: The longer he stays, the better
dialog: their chance of finding him. We've
dialog: got to get him out of here,
dialog: Hogarth.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: How? He's a little too big to
text: smuggle out in a suitcase.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: We could do it in pieces.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: You mean take him apart?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You think he'd go for that? I've
dialog: got a junk-truck -- I'm always
text: hauling scrap. In half a dozen
dialog: trips, we could get him to Canada.
dialog: There are places in the Yukon, old
dialog: mining sites, no one around, plenty
dialog: of metal. He could roam the earth
dialog: and live off the land... sounds
dialog: pretty good, actually.
text: Hogarth thinks about it.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: The sooner the better. Tonight if
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Tonight??? But I only just met him
dialog: a couple days ago!
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: At least wait until tomorrow...
dialog: 64.
text: Dean looks at the Giant, lounging peacefully in the
dialog: junkyard.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Alright, I guess one more day won't
dialog: make a difference.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: R&B; BLARES: Little Richard. Hogarth draws pictures of the
text: giant, they're good. He hides the pictures from view,
text: carefully covering them with a book before EXITING the room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Hogarth sharpens some pencils with the sharpener mounted on
text: the inside of the broom closet.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S BEDROOM
text: Hogarth returns, goes to his desk, stops stunned: the giant
text: drawings are uncovered. Eyes wide, Hogarth looks around his
text: room: everything looks slightly askew, as if it's been...
dialog: searched.
text: Hogarth's neck-hair tingles. He stares at the his bedroom
text: door, slowly pulls it toward him... REVEALING:
text: KENT standing behind it... smiling.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Surprise.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Kent. What are you doing in my
dialog: room?
text: He holds up a 45 RPM record, still in its sleeve.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Just being friendly. And all that
dialog: that implies. I know how you kids
dialog: like rocky roll, so-
text: He goes to the phonograph, and puts it on the platter...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Pat Boone...?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Yeah, baby. It's got that jungle
dialog: rhythm, but you can understand the
dialog: words...
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Uh.... thanks.
text: Kent starts to undulate awkwardly to the music...
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Come on, Hogarth. Let's do the
dialog: happy monkey. You know the one I
dialog: mean...
text: Hogarth edges toward the door, Kent follows, still
dialog: dancing...
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Friends, Hogarth, that's what we
dialog: ought to be. But friends don't keep
dialog: secrets from each other.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about...
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You don't. Well, let me tell you a
dialog: little story. Your mom says you
dialog: like 'em.
text: Kent steps in front of the doorway, his smile now chilling.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: Once there was a boy who walked
dialog: into a forest. He wanted to take a
text: picture of a metal-eating giant --
dialog: but lo and behold, the giant ate
dialog: his camera alllll up!!
text: Hogarth looks baffled.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: How did you -- ?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Because in the process, the Giant
text: snapped a picture of himself.
text: (holds up a roll of film)
dialog: And the little boy brought the film
dialog: home.
text: Hogarth lunges for the roll of film.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Give it back!
dialog: 66.
text: Kent dangles the film over Hogarth's head for a moment, then
text: drops it into Hogarth's hands. Hogarth looks at it.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Empty...
text: Kent slips a black-and-white photo from his coat, and hands
text: it to Hogarth. It shows the Giant's face, its mouth wide
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: KENT
text: The Army arrives in twenty-four
dialog: hours, Hogarth. Just thought you'd
dialog: like to know.
text: Kent dances out of the room. Hogarth stares, helpless.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kent puffs on his pipe, as Annie knits. Hogarth sits ina
text: chair studying them. Kent breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Well, isn't this a fine way to
dialog: spend an evening? We're like one
dialog: big happy family...
text: Hogarth looks up, staring darkly at Kent.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: You're not family. And when my Dad
dialog: finds out you sat in his chair,
dialog: he'll hunt you down like a dog--
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth!
text: Kent turns to Annie. He makes a half-hearted gesture of
text: getting out of his chair.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (starting to rise)
dialog: I'm sorry, should I...?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, no, don't get up. My husband --
dialog: Hogarth's father -- he's... he was
dialog: an Air Force Pilot in Korea. A
dialog: casualty.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
text: He's coming back.
dialog: 67.
text: Ignoring Hogarth, Kent puts on a look of deep sympathy, and
text: turns to Annie.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: No you're not!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: But, Mom, this guy doesn't care
dialog: about anything -- cats like him
dialog: race around, play the game, chase
dialog: money, chase power...but he keeps
dialog: buttering you up so you won't see
dialog: that!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hogarth, that is enough! I think
dialog: you owe our guest an apology.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Oh, now, there's no need for that.
dialog: Hogarth is right in a way. I'm
dialog: certainly ambitious. Yes...
text: (looks pointedly at
dialog: Annie)
dialog: Ambitious, career-minded, stable --
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: He's doing it again!
text: Kent gives Hogarth a patronizing smile.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Hogarth. I would have thought a
dialog: good American boy like yourself
dialog: would have more respect for the
dialog: work I do. The world has become a
dialog: dangerous place, you know. The
dialog: balance of power is delicate. I
dialog: gather information. And the side
dialog: that has the information is the
dialog: side that will win.
text: Hogarth fixes his eyes on Kent with an intensity that's
text: unnerving.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: They say the soul is part angel and
dialog: part monster. One look at you and
dialog: I know the monster is gonna win.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That's it. You either apologize or
dialog: go right up to bed right now!
text: Hogarth throws up his hands and marches out of the room.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Honestly, I don't know where he's
dialog: getting these wild ideas. He's
dialog: starting to talk like that
dialog: beatnik...
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Beatnik...?
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Hogarth is in bed, the lights are out. Annie appears in his
text: doorway, silhouetted by the light in the hall. She lingers
text: for a moment, thoughtful...
text: She EXITS.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Have you been out at the junkyard,
dialog: Hogarth?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: Which junkyard?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: The only junkyard. Dean's junkyard.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (another pause)
dialog: If I had ...would you be mad at me?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No...
dialog: (more quietly)
dialog: +..no.
dialog: (sad smile)
dialog: Tell him "hi" for me.
text: Hogarth stares at the ceiling... and sighs.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN - NEXT DAY
text: A convoy of Army vehicles is pouring into town. Kent watches
text: them enter, euphoric. He glances at his watch, and
text: remembering an appointment, rushes off.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: An Army General sits at a booth, studying a map. Kent sits
text: across from his, positively glowing with pride.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
text: Hills, valleys, woods, ravines.
dialog: Lot of places to hide, around here.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Yes, it's remarkable isn't it, sir?
text: Kent looks around at the various coffee-shop Busybodies, and
text: speaks loudly, for their benefit.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT'D)
dialog: That one man, working alone, could
dialog: have single-handedly found a
dialog: monster in a place like this?
text: The Busybodies coo and murmum amongst themselves.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (still studying map)
dialog: Hard to know where to start,
dialog: really...
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Well, sir, perhaps I can be of some
dialog: help in that regard. You see, I've
dialog: had my eye on an odd little boy who
dialog: seems to be connected to the
dialog: creature in question. And I have
dialog: reason to believe he's been
dialog: spending some time at a local
dialog: scarpyard.
text: From behind the counter, Annie looks sharply at Kent,
text: finally understanding his attentions.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Can you take me there?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: But of course, sir.
dialog: (loudly, for the
dialog: busybodies)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT'D)
dialog: When a five-star general needs my
dialog: help, I'm only too eager to oblige.
text: Annie comes by and refills their coffee.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm the mother of that "odd" little
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Oh yes, ahem.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: And if you're going up to the
dialog: junkyard, I'm coming along.
scene_heading: INT. DEAN'S STUDIO - DAY
text: Dean is welding a sculpture of a hooded executioner. Instead
text: of an axe, the executioner wields a flag -- part Hammer and
text: Sickle, part Stars and Stripes. There's a knock at his
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Come in.
text: In walks the General and Kent followed by a few soldiers.
text: Annie comes in last. Dean takes off his welding goggles,
text: and studies all the uniforms.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I assume you're here for the Lenny
dialog: Bruce albums.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Watch the wise cracks, Beatnik. We
dialog: represent America.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: We all represent America, man.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Sir, my name is General Shannon
dialog: Rogard. We have reason to believe
dialog: you are harboring a large...
dialog: (finding this hard to
dialog: swallow)
dialog: +.. creature whose interest run
dialog: counter to those of the United
dialog: States. Do you deny it?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Hey, man, if a cat needs to flop,
text: my pad springs eternal.
text: The General and the Soldiers exchange puzzled glances. One
text: of them leans towards the General and speaks in hushed
dialog: tones.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: As I understand it, sir, a "cat" is
dialog: a member of the counter-culture.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: What rank?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Well...
text: As the General and the Soldiers continue to confer, Annie
text: steps forward and speaks to Dean.
dialog: Annie and
dialog: cool.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Is Hogarth here? Is he alright?
dialog: These people say he may be in some
dialog: kind of trouble.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: He's not here, Annie. But he is
dialog: alright.
dialog: (then, gently)
dialog: Believe me, I would never let
dialog: anything happen to that little guy.
text: Dean share a look. Kent sees this and loses his
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Alright, I've had enough!
text: He turns to the soldiers.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT'D)
dialog: You and you! Start rummaging
dialog: around! Tip some tables over! Kick
dialog: open doors! Break stuff! You know
dialog: the drill!
text: Kent claps his hands. The soldiers don't move.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (to Kent)
dialog: We all hear you yacking, daddy-o,
text: but no one's listening.
dialog: 72.
text: Kent seethes.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (under his breath)
text: Not yet. Not yet.
text: Annie looks from one to the other, comparing.
scene_heading: INT. WOODS - DAY
text: The Giant strolls through the forest, with Hogarth on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I know this is hard for you to
dialog: understand, but...well, it might be
dialog: a real long time before we get to
dialog: hang out like this again.
text: The Giant is oblivious to anything but the beauty of the
text: day. He turns his face up towards the sun as it ours through
text: the trees. Birds are singing. All is peaceful.
speaker_heading: GIANT
speaker_heading: (CONTENTED SOUND)
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yeah, it is beautiful, isn't it?
text: Through a patch in the trees, they spot a deer.
speaker_heading: GIANT
speaker_heading: (CURIOUS SOUND)
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: It's a deer. "Deeeer."
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Deeeer...
text: The Giant takes a step towards it. It darts away. Hogarth
dialog: points.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: That way!
text: Full of childlike curiosity, the Giant follows, and a game
text: of hide and seek begins. Hogarth laughs happily, as they
text: dart in and out of the trees. At last he finds the deer
text: grazing in a clearing. The Giant is FASCINATED.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Shhhhh... let's get closer...
dialog: 73.
text: The Giant tries to sneak nearer, leaning on a pair of tall
text: trees, which begin to teeter. He grabs one, and as he
text: quietly pushes it back into place... the other crashes to
text: the ground. The treetop lands near the deer, who bolts away
text: from it and directly toward the Giant--almost into the
text: Giant's foot.
text: The deer STOPS, puzzled by the strange metal obstacle. He
text: looks up... right to the Giant's face. The Giant SMILES--
text: --which SPOOKS the deer, who darts off in the other
dialog: direction.
text: The Giant reaches out and catches it, in one huge hand, like
text: a kid trapping a butterfly.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: You caught it!
text: The Giant laughs and opens his hand. The deer lies
text: motionless. The Giant and Hogarth look stunned. The Giant
text: tenderly lays the deer down on the ground, kneels, and
text: nudges the deer with a big finger. Nothing. It doesn't
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: It's... dead.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Deh...?
text: There is a long silence. The Giant nudges the deer again.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (suddenly vehement)
dialog: Don't do that! It's dead. Okay??
dialog: That means it's not going to move!
dialog: It's gone! And it's not coming
dialog: back, understand??
dialog: (softly, tears flowing)
dialog: It's not ever going to come back...
text: It begins to snow, softly. From high above, through the
text: trees, the boy and the giant stare down at the lifeless
text: deer. They bow their heads in sorrow.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD - LATER
text: The snow falls harder now. The depressed giant sits ona
text: hillside, snow piling up on his motionless bulk, staring out
text: into the forest. Dean and Hogarth watch him, worried.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: This is bad. This is very bad. The
dialog: Army's on it's way. We've got to
dialog: get him out of here!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
text: He doesn't know how to think about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You've got talk to him. You've got
dialog: to get through to him.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Me? I don't know about this
dialog: stuff...
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You know as much as anyone does,
dialog: kid. And he trusts you. Speak from
dialog: your heart. It's the only chance
dialog: we've got.
text: Hogarth looks at the Giant.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Alright. I'll try.
text: He walks over to the Giant, climbs up his leg, and sits on
text: his knee. The Giant turns and looks at Hogarth, with weary
text: eyes. Hogarth sighs.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: It wasn't your fault.
dialog: No response from the Giant.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Things die. It's part of life.
text: Hogarth reaches for the overhanging branch of a nearby tree
text: and picks two leaves -- a brown on and a green one. He
text: holds up the green leaf.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Life...
text: He holds up the brown leaf.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: .»..and death...
text: He gestures at the forest around him.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: ...they're part of the way things
dialog: are.
text: He points at the Giant and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: You didn't make it that way. Do you
dialog: understand? It's not your fault.
text: The Giant gazes at Hogarth for a beat, then takes the leaves
text: from the boy's hands and studies them. Hogarth hops down and
text: stands by Dean.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: He's thinking. It's not an easy
dialog: thing to understand.
text: Dean looks at Hogarth with empathy.
scene_heading: INT. THE ARMY'S TEMPORARY COMMAND CENTER - DAY
text: Kent is on the phone with the chief. He's visably PALE.
text: (INTERCUT the following with the CHIEF in Washington, D.C.)
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: But Sir... you're making a big
dialog: mistake! We're close... I have a
dialog: real gut fee--
speaker_heading: CHIEF
speaker_heading: (CUTTING HIM OFF)
dialog: Mansley, if I hear about your gut
dialog: feelings one more time I'm going to
dialog: vomit through the phone lines!! The
dialog: press has got ahold of this thing
dialog: and now I'm a laughing stock for
dialog: spending tax dollars on your
dialog: IDIOTIC plan! I'm pulling those
dialog: troops out THIS MINUTE! Before MY
dialog: career is as dead as YOURS!!
text: The Chief SLAMS the receiver down so hard, it hurts Kent's
dialog: hand in Maine.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAN'S JUNKYARD - DAY
text: The Giant still ponders. Just then, a pair of Army planes
text: comes into view. We hear a beeping sound.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Oh no...
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What is it?
text: The panels on the Giant's arms slide open, and the strange
text: tracking device pops out again.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I was going to tell you...
text: The Giant looks confused as another panel opens, and what
text: appears to be a rocket launcher pokes out, tracking the
text: planes. As they pass, the weapons recede and the panels
text: close. The Giant looks distressed.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Good God, Hogarth he's armed??! How
dialog: could you keep this from me?
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Would you have let him stay?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: That's why.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Oh, man. Oh man, Hogarth! This is
dialog: serious! What are we doing?? He's
dialog: not some lost puppy...he's a
dialog: weapon! !
text: Dean is pointing at the Giant now. Hogarth sees the Giant
text: watching Dean with eyes wide.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Dean, shh--
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: He's a machine, Hogarth! He was
dialog: made, designed--to kill!
text: The Giant stands up. He looks at himself, and then at Dean.
text: And then, with a terrible roar, he runs away. Dean and
text: Hogarth share a look of panic.
speaker_heading: DEAN (CONT’D)
dialog: This is bad.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: We gotta find him!
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Come on!
text: They run for his house.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL - SAME TIME
text: Kent watches in despair as the ARMY pulls out of Rockwell,
text: taking his credibility, and hopes for the future, with them.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: The Giant wanders through the falling snow, deeply disturbed
text: and depressed, not knowing, or caring, where he's going.
scene_heading: INT. DEAN'S GARAGE
text: He wheels a motorcycle out. Hogarth jumps in the sidecar.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DEEP WOODS - DAY
text: The Giant blindly marches on, agitated, grieving.
scene_heading: EXT. DEAN'S MOTORCYCLE - MOVING - DAY
text: Dean and Hogarth speed into the driving snow, following the
text: Giant's quickly filling footprints.
speaker_heading: DEAN
text: He's headed right toward town.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OUTSKIRTS OF TOWN - EVENING
text: FILLING THE SCREEN: a woman SCREAMS. LOUD.
text: REVERSE: the Giant peers down at a tiny woman, her TINY
text: SCREAM barely heard from his viewpoint. He waves meekly.
text: BACK TO: the woman SCREAMS... runs in, SLAMS the door.
text: The Giant wonders... He looks behind him, is something back
text: there...? Nope.... He shrugs. He wanders on, the streets
text: largely deserted, the snow falls heavily.
scene_heading: LOOKING IN A SECOND-STORY WINDOW
text: A TODDLER watches a TV monster movie. Bored, he looks out
text: the window... and sees a real monster. He blinks, isn't
dialog: sure whether to be scared or not.
dialog: 78.
text: The Giant sees the kid staring at him. The Giant smiles,
text: and waves. The kid grins, waves back.
text: The kid HOLLERS, in silence. TWO OLDER KIDS join him at the
text: window, look out, see a waving giant. They look stunned,
text: and wave back. One YELLS a silent "MOM!".
text: MOM appears at the window. The Giant waves. She turns
text: white, SCREAMS silently, YANKS down the window shade.
text: The Giant blinks, disturbed.
text: BOW-WOW-WOW! He looks down: a tiny TERRIER BARKS
text: ferociously at him, then NIPS at his foot... and YELPS in
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Rock.
text: The giant reaches down for the terrier: it YIPES and runs
text: away. The giant looks disappointed.
text: He looks up: nearby, several VILLAGERS stand in the falling
text: snow, staring up at him. He waves.
text: The villagers run inside, SLAM their doors. The giant
text: MOANS, depressed.
scene_heading: WITH DEAN AND HOGARTH - MOVING
text: In the snow, Dean drives flat-out. In the side-car, Hogarth
text: hangs on for dear life. They blow past--
text: KENT... going the other way. Kent SLAMS on his breaks, his
text: suspicions aroused, and hangs a U-TURN, almost colliding
text: with the last of the TROOPS. Their truck screeches to a
text: stop. Kent jumps out, waving his arms as he runs up to the
dialog: driver.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: STOP! I know this'll sound crazy,
dialog: but--
scene_heading: THE MIDDLE OF TOWN
text: A scene out of a 50's horror movie: a dozen VILLAGERS run
text: SCREAMING from a huge giant behind them....
text: But this giant just stands there, his shoulders droop,
text: heartsick. He realizes that everyone is terrified of him...
text: and he doesn't understand why.
dialog: If the Iron Giant could cry, he would.
dialog: 79.
text: SIRENS sound in the distance, getting closer.
text: The giant turns around and heads back out of town, toward
text: the junkyard and home.
text: SHREEEEEK! Right in front of him, A WOMAN SCREAMS, her
text: hands fly up... releasing her baby carriage which rolls
text: right up against the giant's feet.
text: The giant looks down... sees an INFANT inside. The baby
text: CcOOS and waves at the giant, who grins and waves back. At
dialog: last, a friendly face!
text: Two police cars SCREECH up, TWO COPS leap out and fumble out
text: their guns. The mother SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It's got my baby!
text: The cops stare, stunned, at the Giant towering over the
text: baby. One cop RADIOS for help. Annie exits the diner, sees
text: the scene, joins the crowd, terrified, watching:
text: The Giant seems to be... making faces at the baby. The
text: fascinated giant CHORTLES and leans way down to look closer
text: at the GIGGLING infant: which looks threatening to
text: onlookers. The mother SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Shoot it!
text: Alarmed, the cops raise their guns. Dean and Hogarth
text: SCREECH up on Dean's motorcycle....
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: No!
text: The cops FIRE. The bullets bounce off the Giant's sides.
text: The Giant turns: what was that? His eyes zero in on the
text: cop's guns--and turn BRIGHT RED. With a heavy machinery
speaker_heading: WHIRR
text: ... a FUTURISTIC WEAPON springs up out of the Giant's right
text: arm, which he instinctively swings toward the police car.
text: Cops and soldiers leap aside as a GREEN RAY shoots and--
scene_heading: KA-THOOOOOOM!
text: --the police car EXPLODES in an unearthly blast that sends a
text: blue fireball roiling into the sky. The Giant's arm jerks
text: round, catching the helpless cops and soldiers in its cross-
dialog: hairs...
dialog: 80.
text: ...but the Giant's eyes suddenly clear: alarmed, he knocks
text: his arm aside before it FIRES: KA-THOOOOOOM! The RAY rips
text: through the air, destroying a grove of trees on the far side
dialog: of town.
text: The Giant RECOILS, horrified by his own destructive power.
text: He forces the gun back into his arm and rushes away,
text: vanishing into the night.
text: Dean and Hogarth exchange glances. They turn to go and---
text: --run straight into KENT and a group of SOLDIERS. They've
text: seen the whole thing, and Kent has never looked more SMUG.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (to soldiers)
dialog: Seize them.
text: The soldiers do as they're told, grabbing Dean and Hogarth.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Hey! Get your hands off! Let go of
dialog: me! You're hurting me! Help!!
text: As they pass through frame we see that KENT is holding a
text: MICROPHONE, and recording Hogarth's protestations on a tape
text: recorder. He SMILES.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DUSK
text: The Giant hides, anxious and watchful. Then he hears a
text: distant sound echoing through the trees, a voice...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Let go of me! You're hurting me!
dialog: Help!!
dialog: That's all the Giant needs to hear. He's off... moving
text: swiftly through the dark forest in the sounds direction.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL - DUSK
text: The Giant moves to the edge of the forest, and pauses
text: distrustfully. The town is oddly still.
text: Hogarth's voice can still be heard calling for help. Then
dialog: the Giant spies--
text: HOGARTH-- gagged and tied to the top of a radio tower on the
text: roof of the five story Cross building, the tallest in
text: Rockwell. He squirms.
text: The moment the Giant starts to move toward the building the
scene_heading: Army (camouflaged) OPENS FIRE.
dialog: 81.
text: Suddenly the Giant is being hit from all sides (rifles,
text: machine guns, bazookas): ARMOR (which we haven't seen
text: before) slides out of his body and locks into a covering
text: around him.
text: A stray shot takes out of chunk of the base of the tower
text: that Hogarth is tied to, and it starts to TOPPLE.
text: The Giant SEES THIS and rushes directly into the line of
text: fire to SHIELD Hogarth from being crushed by the tower. The
text: Giant pulls the tower loose, sliding Hogarth into his metal
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: He's got the boy!! HOLD YOUR FIRE!
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: It's KILLED the boy!! Don't let it
dialog: get away!!
text: A wall of artillery closes the entrance to town... and
text: begins to fire away at Giant. The Giant looks toward the sea-
text: -but sees armed ships out there, their guns pointed toward
dialog: land.
text: Once again, various weapons begin to pop out of the Giant's
text: arms. He presses them back in. He turns, and RUNS straight
text: at the wall of Artillery. And JUMPS OVER IT.
text: Everyone stares gape-jawed, then quickly tries to swivel
text: their guns in the opposite direction. But the GIANT is
text: already GONE. The general calls to the AIR FORCE.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: This is General Rogard! Code red!
dialog: Repeat-- code red!
scene_heading: COUNTRYSIDE - MOVING WITH THE GIANT
text: The Giant, carrying Hogarth, hustles through the snow,
text: slipping occassionally, but moving with surprising
text: swiftness. Behind them, JET FIGHTERS appear on the far
dialog: horizon.
text: And in a moment they're on top of them... strafing the
text: ground with machine gun fire, launching rockets, etc...
text: The Giant bursts through the trees, and suddenly finds
text: himself on a two-lane highway--about to step on cars and the
dialog: terrified people driving them!
dialog: 82.
text: The Giant SIDESTEPS to avoid them, losing his balance at
text: full run and SLAMMING into the snowy ground --SLIDING
text: thunderously for the better part of a mile, and cutting a
text: very large swath through whatever happens to be in the way.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL STREET - DAY
text: Annie struggles with two Agents, who hustle her into a car.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Let me go! I have to get to my son!
dialog: What is going on?
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: I'm afraid that's classified,
dialog: ma'am.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Classified? What do you mean?
text: She tries the door. It won't open. She pounds on the window.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Open this door! Hey!
text: And then she notices that she's not alone in the car. Beside
text: her is Dean, who sits with his head in his hands.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE
text: The Giant tries to swat at the fighter planes as they fly
text: overhead, but they are just out of his reach. He grabs a
text: fallen tree, swinging it like a club, clipping off most of
text: one fighters' WINGS. The pilot EJECTS just before the jet
text: plows into the earth, bursting into a fireball.
text: More and more fighters appear --too many-- BLASTING away at
text: the Giant. He veers toward a high cliff--and JUMPS---
scene_heading: --INTO THE SEA
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Imagine a five story building smashing into the sea and you
dialog: might conjure the explosion of bubbles caused by the
text: Giant... only moments before the fighters swoop the waters
text: surface, strafing it with machine gun fire. The bullets pull-
text: up short, impotently. The Giant feels safe. Then he looks
dialog: to his hand--
text: Hogarth is drowning.
text: The Giant is stuck; he can't surface because of the jets,
text: but he can't let Hogarth drown.
dialog: 83.
text: He reaches up with his other hand, cupping it above the
text: waters surface, and pulls it down below, allowing Hogarth to
text: breathe in the pocket of air.
text: Just then-- A SUB catch the Giant in their sights. They
text: launch torpedoes. The Giant dodges them, but they explode
text: into the base of the cliffs not far away--causing an
text: avalanche of rock to splash into the ocean--which the Giant
text: has to dodge while still holding Hogarth in his pocket of
dialog: air.
text: More ships appear and they launch DEPTH CHARGES, which
text: explode around the fleeing giant, convincing him he'd best
dialog: take his chances above water.
scene_heading: INT. AGENT'S CAR
text: Annie stares out the window. Dean slumps in his seat.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: It's my fault. I should've done
dialog: something... something different...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I know the feeling.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I just thought the kid could use a
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You were right, Dean. You were
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: THE CLIFFS
dialog: With great difficulty, the Iron
text: Giant climbs the rocky, crumbling
text: cliff face one-handed as the
text: military keeps the heat on.
text: Finally, unable to find purchase on
text: the cliff face, the Giant stays on
text: a small outcropping, turning to
text: face the onslaught.
text: Military helicopters descend into view, shining blindingly
text: bright spotlights on the Giant, who is now showing a lot of
dialog: wear and tear.
text: Weapons break out like hives all over the Giant's body; it's
text: clear that the Army is about to get the worst end of the
dialog: deal.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: CLOSE - THE GIANT'S FACE
text: Something changes in the Giant; he WILLS the weapons to
text: retreat back into his body, and--haltingly--they DO.
scene_heading: INSIDE CHOPPER
text: The pilot trains his weapons on the
text: Giant and shouts into his radio.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: We have him in our sights sir!
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET
text: Kent is rabid.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (to General)
dialog: What're you waiting for?? FIRE!!
speaker_heading: THE CLIFF FACE
text: The Giant turns-- but he's surrounded. It looks bad.
dialog: Then...
text: ... a low RUMBLING SOUND BEGINS... and BUILDS to a ROAR...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: What's happening...?
speaker_heading: THE GIANT
speaker_heading: (PUZZLED SOUND)
text: Both look down; the Giant's feet
text: begin to flame like rockets as he
text: BLASTS OFF INTO THE NIGHT SKY!
scene_heading: EXT. THE GIANT FLYING THROUGH THE AIR - NIGHT
text: The Giant and HOGARTH are FLYING... kind of. They BLAST
text: along, out of control, the Giant's arms flailing.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Steer that way!
speaker_heading: THE GIANT
scene_heading: (MORE PUZZLED SOUNDS)
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: I don't know!! Point your arms,
dialog: maybe-- like Superman!
text: The Giant does as he's told... and they fly (more or less)
text: in that direction. The Giant grins.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: OK! Now land!
dialog: (Giant looks blank)
dialog: Uh... drop your arms!
text: The Giant lowers his arms to his sides... and the ROCKETS
text: SPUTTER out. The two PLUMMET to the ground. KA-THUMP!
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: HOGARTH and the Giant, dazed from their "landing", collect
dialog: their wits. And here come the spotter planes.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF - DAY
text: Hogarth and the Giant stand together, and watch the Army
text: close in.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: It's no good. There's too many of
dialog: them. We'll never get away.
text: He sits down in despair. The Giant sits down too.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: They're going to take you away,
dialog: Giant. There's nothing we can do.
text: For a long moment they sit in silence. Finally the Giant
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Rock.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Roooock. Treeee...
text: Hogarth smiles.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yeah. Remember when I taught you
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Churrrrch. Skoooo saauuugz.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: That was a great night, too.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Faa-grrrr...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: Deeer.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: (tearfully)
dialog: I know. We've been through a lot
dialog: together, haven't we?
text: He puts his hand in the Giant's hand.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to miss you so much.
scene_heading: SUBMARINE PERISCOPE POV
text: Through a long periscope lens, as the sub rounds the point,
text: we see the cliff and the Giant come into view.
scene_heading: INT. SUBMARINE
text: The first mate looks up from the periscope--
speaker_heading: FIRST MATE
dialog: I've got a visual on the monster,
dialog: sir!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Do we have a clear shot?
speaker_heading: FIRST MATE
dialog: Not yet, sir.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Get closer! Don't surface until the
dialog: last minute!
scene_heading: INT. NAVAL CRUISER - BRIDGE - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: SPOTTER
dialog: Monster sighted off the port bow!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: We'll only get one shot!! Full
dialog: speed ahead!
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - THE BAY - CONTINUOUS
text: The sub begins to RISE to the surface, unaware that the
text: cruiser is speeding toward the same position.
text: The cruiser SWERVES to avoid collision, but it's too late;
text: the cruiser CLIPS the submarine aft, causing a fatal BREACH
dialog: that splits the sub.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE SUB
text: CHAOS! The ocean RUSHES IN, as electricity ARCS up the
text: severed wiring of the sub's MISSLE SYSTEM. It FIRES--!!
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL - MAIN STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: THREE POLARIS MISSILES break the water surface, one of which
text: sports a large GASH in its side, its circuitry sparking;
text: clearly malfunctioning. Their second stage rockets fire,
text: causing several clusters of townsfolk to turn to watch,
text: mouths agape, as the missiles climb up into the night sky.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF - DAY
text: Hogarth and the Giant watch the missiles streak into the
dialog: sky.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: What's happening-- ?
text: Hogarth looks out at the sea. On the decks of one of the
text: warships, he can see people panicking.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: There must be some mistake.
text: He looks up at the sky again. A look of fear comes over
text: him. He begins to pace.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh no... oh no...
text: In his voice is a note of desperation we've never heard
text: before. The Giant seems to notice. He looks at Hogarth
text: puzzled, trying to understand. Hogarth points at the sky.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: The missiles. Missiles! They're
dialog: nuclear. Nu-cle-ar. When they come
dialog: down...
text: He mimes a missile coming down and exploding.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Death...
text: The Giant reacts. Hogarth gestures at the town around him.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: ...everything...
text: The Giant looks at the sky, then at the town, and after a
text: moment, back at Hogarth. He picks up two leaves, one green
dialog: and one brown.
text: He gives Hogarth the green leaf, keeping the brown one for
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH (CONT’D)
dialog: What? What do you mean? I don't
dialog: understand!
text: The Giant looks at Hogarth, gently touching the side of his
text: face with a massive finger. And with that, the Giant blasts
text: off into the sky. Hogarth looks at his leaf again, anda
text: look of dawning comprehension comes over him
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - UPPER ATMOSPHERE OVER EASTERN U.S. COAST
text: The Giant BLASTS ALONG at full power to catch up. His radar
text: tracking, the giant spots the missiles. Suddenly TWO of the
text: missles' rockets fire, sending them off toward separate
text: targets on the earth's surface...
text: ...while the DAMAGED MISSLE just FIZZLES, and slowly starts
text: to drop straight down toward Maine far below.
scene_heading: INT. AGENT'S CAR
text: Annie and Dean look out the back window.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Polaris missile, I think.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Shouldn't we get to a shelter?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: It wouldn't matter.
text: They look at each for a long, silent beat. Then he reaches
text: out and takes her hand.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL
text: A deathly HUSH has fallen over all assembled. Kent, looking
text: ASHEN, starts slowly backing toward the jeep, and escape.
text: Without turning around, the General barks loudly at Kent.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: This is your party, Mansley. Don't
dialog: even think about leaving early.
dialog: Lieutenant??
text: The Lieutenant pulls his sidearm and levels it at Kent.
text: Kent WINCES, caught.
scene_heading: EXT. SPACE - UPPER ATMOSPHERE
text: The Giant takes off after the first missile. He
text: concentrates, and the panel on his arm opens up, revealing
text: the now familiar weapon. He FIRES at the distant glare of
text: the missile rockets ... igniting the warhead on the second
text: shot. There is a blinding FLASH, followed by a shockwave,
text: but the Giant remains intact.
text: He doubles back in pursuit of the second missle. Sighting
text: it, he FIRES --and MISSES repeatedly, losing valuable time
text: as he moves closer and closer to the missile.
text: Finally he hits it. It EXPLODES too near him, pummeling him,
text: throwing him back. The Giant recovers and tries to shoot the
dialog: remaining missile.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF
text: Several jeeps pull up beside Hogarth who is staring at the
text: sky. The General and a group of soldiers jump out. Kent,
text: flanked by soldiers with pistols on him, sits silently in
text: the back of the jeep. The Captain scoops up Hogarth in his
text: arms and stares at the sky as well.
scene_heading: IN SPACE - ABOVE THE ATLANTIC OCEAN
text: The Giant spots the third missile arcing down toward Maine
text: and his beloved Rockwell. He CUTS IN HIS AFTERBURNERS,
text: zooms toward it.
text: The giant catches up to the third missile, but his weapons
text: are CHARRED, unable to fire. There's only one option
dialog: left...
speaker_heading: WITH THE GIANT
text: The ROAR of his engines fades into silence as a look of
text: peace falls over his iron face. He wraps his arms around the
text: nose of the missile, closing his eyes...
dialog: 90.
text: ...and slams his fist into the tip of the bomb--
speaker_heading: FROM EARTH
text: The blackness of the night sky goes
text: brilliant WHITE.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL - NIGHT
text: Lining the streets, the town people see the brilliant white
text: sky darken, turn back into night... as one, the crowd
speaker_heading: CHEERS.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTER SPACE OVER ASIA - NIGHT
text: Pieces of the giant rain all over the Eastern Hemisphere, in
text: a spectacular display.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF
text: The General gets the word over his headset:
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: He did it!
text: The soldiers cheer. The General approaches Kent, still
text: flanked by military officers.
speaker_heading: GENERAL (CONT'D)
dialog: As you for you, Mansley. You're
dialog: under arrest... "and all that that
dialog: implies".
text: Kent visably WITHERS.
speaker_heading: HOGARTH
dialog: But... the giant...
text: The General looks at Hogarth with great sadness... and
text: shakes his head. Hogarth hides his face and SOBS.
text: The CHEERS TRAIL OFF, as the soldiers, realize the great
text: sacrifice that the big metal monster has made for them...
text: and mankind. The General looks at his men.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Let's go home.
text: The General carries Hogarth to the Jeep. Hogarth stares at
text: the GREEN LEAF in his hand. We CLOSE ON on the leaf and...
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: THE SAME LEAF
text: It is now brown. We pull out to reveal that we're in...
speaker_heading: HOGARTH'S BEDROOM
text: Where the leaf sits on Hogarth's
text: bookshelf beside the picture of his
text: father. We pan out the window to
text: Rockwell itself. It's springtime.
dialog: And everything old is new again.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKWELL STREETS - DAY
text: Dean and Annie walk hand in hand with Hogarth alongside.
text: Everyone smiles and waves. All three are now celebrities,
text: and even Dean seems well-liked and respected.
text: The busybodies spot the trio, and whisper to each other.
speaker_heading: MYRTLE
dialog: Why, don't they make a lovely
dialog: family!
text: Dean and Annie exchange a smile. This time Hogarth smiles
text: and nods, too. Then something on the ground catches his eye:
text: A scorched piece of iron.
text: Hogarth picks it up, examines it, a bittersweet expression
text: on his face. Hogarth carefully puts the piece in his
text: pocket, and looks up into the sky....
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN INDIA - NIGHT
text: A lonely kid from India, SASHI, a tinkerer, sits in his room
dialog: working on an electronics project. It's a poor but well-
text: kept home. Out a window, a METEOR plows into their field:
speaker_heading: KABOOM!
scene_heading: THE METEOR CRATER
text: Ropes lead down into the crater; PULL BACK TO REVEAL Sashi
text: has an elephant pulling out the meteor.
speaker_heading: SASHI
dialog: Pull!
text: The elephant strains, pulls: it's the head of the Giant.
text: The boy leaps into the air, shouting, overjoyed.
scene_heading: INT. A "BARN" IN INDIA - EVENING
text: In an India-version of Hogarth's barn, Sashi cleans the
text: giant head. But it looks dead.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: INDIA MOTHER
dialog: Shashi! Dinner!
speaker_heading: SHASI
dialog: Coming!
text: Sashi walks out... then CRACKLE! Lights flicker in the
text: Giant's eyes... and the eyes light up.
text: The Giant looks around, comes to his senses, sees his
text: predicament... and the antenna rises up out of his head.
scene_heading: ANGLES: ALL OVER THE WORLD
text: --giant parts, wherever they've fallen, suddenly snap to
dialog: attention.
text: Several NUTS and BOLTS dig themselves up out of sand. The
text: pieces start hopping away.
text: Part of a FINGER surfaces in the sea and WORMS toward shore.
text: A sign by an ocean liner reads "India". Several parts sneak
text: up the gangplank.
scene_heading: INT. HOGARTH'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Hogarth is awakened by a RATTLING SOUND. He looks to see the
text: scorched PIECE OF IRON on his dresser as it drops to the
text: floor and starts moving toward his window. Hogarth BEAMS...
text: ...and opens his window to release it. MUSIC SOARS as the
text: boy watches the piece of metal GO, his mind swimming with
dialog: new possibilities.
scene_heading: ABOVE THE PLANET
text: The Giant's scorched HAND orbits listlessly. Suddenly it
text: WAKENS... and slowly turns away from us. Burning as it hits
text: the atmosphere, the hand reaches toward earth...
text: FADE EVERYTHING TO BLACK... except the tiny flaming dot...
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
