dialog: 
text: THE DAY THE CLOWN CRIED
scene_heading: ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
dialog: By
speaker_heading: JOAN O'BRIEN
dialog: And
speaker_heading: CHARLES DENTON
dialog: Based on a Story Idea by
speaker_heading: JOAN O'BRIEN
dialog: Additional Material by Jerry Lewis
text: I TOOK A CHILD BY THE HAND...
text: TO LEAD HIM ON HIS WAY.
text: I TOLD HIM OF THE LOVE OF GOD...
text: AND TAUGHT HIM HOW TO PRAY.
text: AND AS I SEARCHED FOR BETTER WAYS HIS GUIDE AND HELP TO BE...
text: I FOUND, AS WE WALKED HAND IN HAND, THAT HE WAS LEADING ME.
text: "THE DAY THE CLOWN CRIED"
speaker_heading: COLD OPENING
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS CIRCUS - NIGHT
dialog: The normal activity and excitement of showtime around the
text: circus is in evidence where we see the half dark street and
text: alley directly adjacent to the circus tent which (in Paris
dialog: is an enclosure)... the animals, the midgets, the people and
text: the roustabouts moving with a fixed speed and getting faster
text: as we now know showtime is momentarily due.
text: We MOVE TOWARD the action, slowly but definitely picking up
text: SOUNDS and actions of the busy people as we go.
scene_heading: STRAIGHT CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CIRCUS - FRONT OF CIRCUS - PEOPLE ENTERING - NIGHT
text: We see barkers, children, people, pushing... buying tickets,
text: hats, candy... SOUNDS of children laughing, MUSIC playing
dialog: from o.s. within the tent area... and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF CIRCUS - NIGHT
text: A continuation of the animals, trainers, clowns INTERCUT
text: with the action of the circus customers jamming the
text: entranceway to get in... (complimented CUTS from backstage
text: to out front... building to the final crescendo... as we see
text: the alley empty and clear out vs. the front area clearing
text: and also becoming empty.)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CIRCUS PROPER - NIGHT
text: The fully dressed orchestra playing the oncoming people to
text: their respective seats as we PAN ALONG the happy faces and
text: excited children... DOWN and BACK within the circus backstage
text: and SLOWLY COME TO A STOP OUTSIDE: "CLOWN ALLEY".
scene_heading: CLOWN ALLEY - NIGHT
text: The heartbeat of any circus... The long row of unkempt, yet
text: beautifully neat trunks where the clowns make up, with many
text: of the clowns just coming in and setting their clothes and
text: things around their own little areas... midgets running and
text: playing, like the little children they are about to
dialog: entertain... MUSIC is in the deep background... as we COME
text: TO A STOP at the large trunk with the letters clearly printed
scene_heading: ...'GUSTAV - EUROPE'S PREMIER CLOWN."
text: We PULL BACK and AWAY from the lettering on the trunk and
text: REVEAL the face of a gentle but drawn man, a man whose body
text: and movements indicate he has been at this for a long time.
text: As he sits, the little midgets run close to see what they
text: can do to help; one pulls the chair for him to sit on; another
text: brings a hot cup of coffee; another takes his coat and hangs
text: in on the hattree, adjacent to his trunk... as we PUSH PAST
dialog: HIM to introduce the other clowns... some half made up, others
text: finishing their make-up... and some just sitting and rapping
text: together, smoking, drinking coffee, waiting for showtime...
text: and in the very distant b.g., almost against the wall of
text: clown alley, we see the trunk and the body of a "CLOWN" in
text: silhouette... we CRAWL TOWARDS the body and the trunk... and
text: COME TO A STOP... HOLDING FULL FRAME. The clown, already
text: made-up and dressed in his tramp outfit, has his head in his
text: hands, leaning down on the trunk table top, a depressed and
text: sad looking hulk of a man... an o.s. voice:
speaker_heading: MIDGET
dialog: Coffee? It's nice and hot.
text: The MIDGET slides the cup in front of the clown's face... as
text: he picks up his head and smiles and nods yes... he sips the
text: coffee and we see the clown is HELMUT DORQUE (pronounced
dialog: Doork).
text: He is a depressed and very unhappy clown... the frown on his
dialog: face shows years of knocking around... plus fear that those
text: years are now over. From o.s. we HEAR the SOUND of a small
text: air horn being blown and carried by one of the midgets. He
text: is yelling through an old megaphone.
speaker_heading: MIDGET
dialog: 15 Minutes to circus... 15 minutes
dialog: to circus.
text: Upon hearing this, "Clown Alley" really gets busy... all the
text: clowns get up and put their last minute touches together...
text: touching up their make-ups... getting their coats and props
text: together... and as they get themselves up and ready, they
text: exit the clown alley area and start for the arena. The last
text: one to go is Helmut, lingering behind intentionally as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CIRCUS ARENA - CLOSEUP RINGMASTER - NIGHT
speaker_heading: RINGMASTER
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, we proudly
dialog: present... "The Clowns"!
scene_heading: INT. CLOWN ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Helmut hangs back until the very last clown exits Clown Alley,
dialog: as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CIRCUS PROPER - NIGHT
text: The MUSIC is really going strong... and the clowns come on
text: like all forty. They explode in the ring... doing all their
text: bits and pieces which ultimately brings them back to the
dialog: entrance area they just came from and they make the "West
text: Point" arch for the TIMPANI DRUM ROLL and the grand entrance
dialog: of "Gustav" the Great.
speaker_heading: CLOSER SHOT
text: "Gustav" makes his famous comedy walk into the tent with the
text: longest pair of tails ever seen (at least 75 feet long) and
text: at the end holding them from dragging on the floor is Helmut,
dialog: the "Tramp Clown".
speaker_heading: WIDER SHOT
text: We see Gustav taking the applause, and it is tremendous. He
text: stops center of the ring, but Helmut keeps walking and doesn't
text: see the post in front of him as he walks around the post,
text: still holding the tails and goes on his butt, pulling Gustav
text: down as well. The audience screams with laughter, believing
dialog: this all part of the act, as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLOWN ALLEY - NIGHT
text: All the clowns are sitting around their respective trunks
text: and there is a sense of gloom permeating the air, as Gustav
text: and MR. SCHMIDT pace back and forth behind Helmut, both going
text: at him unmercifully.
speaker_heading: MR SCHMIDT
dialog: (in the middle of his
dialog: tirade)
dialog: Not to mention how unprofessional
dialog: that was...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: But it was an accident...
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: Oh, sure it was... A very well planned
dialog: and calculated accident!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I swear to you... it was an accident!
text: Gustav stops and grabs Schmidt's arm, and with a threatening,
dialog: pointing finger...
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: I don't want to hear any more...
dialog: You will get me another stooge. I
dialog: don't want this man!!
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT
dialog: Don't get excited, Gustav, you shall
dialog: have it.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: You bet I will, or you shall have no
dialog: show.
text: Gustav walks away, sits at his trunk, starts taking his make-
text: up off.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT
dialog: (moving to Helmut's
text: trunk, leaning over
dialog: into Helmut's ear)
dialog: You will run with the other clowns
dialog: and that's all you will do... is
dialog: that clear?
text: Helmut, shattered, nods his head yes.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And if there is another one of your
dialog: cute tricks... I promise you will do
dialog: your bits for the "Cats" while
dialog: cleaning their cages!
text: Schmidt walks away... leaving Helmut stunned and shocked.
text: Helmut lifts his trunk cover, which opens on a hinge and
text: stays upright, as we SLOWLY CRAB AROUND to REVEAL the "One
text: Sheets" glued to the inside of the trunk lid... as Helmut
text: reaches for a towel to clean his face, we read:
scene_heading: RINGLING BROS. &amp; BARNUM AND BAILEY
speaker_heading: PRESENTS
scene_heading: THE WORLD'S GREATEST CLOWN "HELMUT"
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT
dialog: From Germany
text: The one sheets are battered and torn and certainly appear to
dialog: be many years old. As we PAN the "Lid" to see them all,
text: Helmut's face is reflected in the mirror as we see the tears
text: rolling down his face. As we FREEZE FRAME, MUSIC hits for:
speaker_heading: MAIN TITLES:
text: THE DAY THE CLOWN CRIED
scene_heading: FOLLOWING CREDITS:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED STREET AND BISTRO - NIGHT
text: Helmut, dejected and as sad as any man could be, strolls
text: down the deserted street, alone.
scene_heading: INT. BISTRO
text: He comes to a small bistro and walks in... stands at the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Clause... give me a double whiskey
text: with beer chaser.
speaker_heading: CLAUSE
dialog: (who knows him)
dialog: You won't get "Funny" out of a bottle.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: And you won't make a dime sticking
dialog: your nose in other people's business.
text: Clause pours the whiskey, and places the beer next to it; as
text: Helmut gulps the drink down and chases it with the beer from
dialog: the bottle... we:
scene_heading: STRAIGHT CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Standing at the window looking out is a beautiful WOMAN,
text: simply dressed, no make-up and clean; she has the look of a
text: woman who has just bathed and one could almost smell the
text: fragrance of bath oil on her body. She is tense and
dialog: concerned.
text: She sees something and moves toward the door and opens it.
text: There is a beat and finally the o.s. SOUNDS of feet scuffling
text: get to the door. It is Helmut, fairly crocked at this point.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Helmut, darling, are you all right?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (nastily)
dialog: Do I look like I'm not all right?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I was so worried about you... Your
dialog: dinner is cold and I couldn't imagine
dialog: what happened to you...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Were you really worried about me or
dialog: your stupid dinner was getting cold?
text: Ada is hurt by this, but knows something is really chewing
text: away at him... and deals with it even more tenderly, which
text: only digs in deeper on Helmut.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Sweetheart, I care about you... I
dialog: love you... I worry about you... I
dialog: can't help those feelings...
text: During the above Helmut is at the small bar in the living
text: room pouring another "blast" and gulps it down... he hears
text: the words but tries to ignore them.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: If there is anything I don't need
dialog: right now... it's your super-
dialog: sentimentality...
text: He flops down in the armchair and stares straight ahead...
text: Again, Ada is hurt by his blasting her, but she's wise enough
dialog: to know this isn't the man she loves... she has to get what's
text: eating him out of there.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Helmut... what's tormenting your
dialog: soul? Please let me help you...
dialog: talk to me... I don't care what it
dialog: is... I love you... I'm your
dialog: friend... you can trust me to
dialog: understand...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I can't trust anybody... I don't
dialog: know how to trust anybody...
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm not anybody! I'm your wife!
text: Helmut, hearing these words, looks up at her and sees the
text: beauty in her eyes, and he is affected by this. He stands
text: up and takes her in his arms... almost breaking her in two.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I'm sorry, my love... I'm so sorry...
dialog: You're right! You're not anybody.
dialog: You're my wife and I love you, too...
dialog: So very much I just have no one to
dialog: fight back at... I'm lost and alone,
dialog: I can't handle the disgrace of
dialog: failure... the pain of being a has-
dialog: been is more than I can bear...
dialog: Ada knows now what's happened.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Schmidt again? Gustav again? When
dialog: will you learn they fear you and
dialog: they know how vulnerable you are
dialog: now... if they can beat you down
dialog: then they needn't worry about you
text: coming back to haunt them.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: They worry about me? Don't be
dialog: ridiculous... they just took the
dialog: last comic bit away from me... because
dialog: of a silly accident... I'm now down
text: at the bottom, just a stooge assisting
text: a not-so-funny clown.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: But they can't take your talent
dialog: away... That's your strongest force!
text: Walking away from her, getting angry again...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
dialog: What talent? And if I had any it's
text: being suffocated into nothing...
dialog: And that's just what I am now...
dialog: nothing... No one... just empty...
dialog: a prop to be used and mis-used...
dialog: how does my great talent stand up to
dialog: those odds?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: By not quitting... You must fight!
dialog: Creative survival is even more
dialog: difficult than human survival...
dialog: You must fight!!!
text: Helmut gets quiet and listens, and it makes sense... Ada
dialog: knows she's got him now.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Go to Schmidt... Force a
dialog: confrontation... Don't let Gustav
dialog: win... make Schmidt see what an
dialog: injustice they are imposing on you...
dialog: Please, my love, fight! Make your
dialog: world better by fighting for it...
dialog: You can do it... I know you can...
text: Helmut hears it all and it sounds so good and right.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I will go now and see Schmidt...
dialog: I will tell him I won't take any
dialog: more degradation... I will tell him
dialog: I am a "clown" not a stooge... A
dialog: "clown"... A special person... A
dialog: special clown...
text: Ada happily gets his hat.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (placing the hat on
dialog: his head)
dialog: Go, my love... Go and fight for what
dialog: you know is right... I will warm
dialog: your dinner and wait for you to come
dialog: home.
text: She kisses him, opens the door for him and he goes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE EMPTY CIRCUS - NIGHT
text: The low key light and the silence of the circus is almost
text: ominous and a little frightening for Helmut as he walks across
text: the empty arena... with a small light burning from up high.
text: All the equipment is tied off. Slight ANIMAL SOUNDS in the
text: deep background... and the faintest SOUND of circus music is
text: heard. Helmut is now center of the main ring and stops and
text: looks around.
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE EMPTY STANDS
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: His face tense, then eases as he looks around.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The stands are full, the lights come up, and the audience is
text: standing, applauding thunderously!
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE - HELMUT
text: In his clown outfit bowing and acknowledging the ovation.
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE AUDIENCE
text: as they stop applauding and sit down.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
dialog: Helmut -- the chair and the trombone --
scene_heading: THE TROMBONE PANTOMIME
text: As the completion of the "Trombone Pantomime" Helmut walks
text: away from the position he was in with the trombone and bows
text: and milks the crowd for reactions and as he bows the second
scene_heading: time... WE SHIMMER:
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HELMUT
text: In bowing position as he looks at the crowd.
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE EMPTY STANDS
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HELMUT
text: His face shows signs of utter despair and dejection... the
text: dream is gone and the memory of what was really hurts deep
text: down. He looks around making sure he hasn't been noticed by
text: anyone and takes that deep sigh and strolls towards the back
text: of the circus tent area on his way to find Schmidt.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: TRUCK WITH HIM, HOLDING the many empty seats in the b.g. as
text: he walks... trying to muster up the courage he's going to
dialog: have to call... something that has now become totally foreign
dialog: to him.
scene_heading: HIGH SHOT - THE EMPTY CIRCUS
text: We see Helmut as the tiny figure he feels like, walking out
text: of the tent area and into the backstage section.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: BACKSTAGE OFFICE AREA - NIGHT
text: Helmut enters the section of the circus where Schmidt has
text: his "Temp" office quarters. It is a tent-like arrangement
text: with the canvas flap as his door and we see light streaming
text: from the half open canvas flap.
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE TENT OFFICE
text: Helmut looks and sees a shadow of a body moving around in
text: the tent office area and starts for it.
scene_heading: INT. TENT OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Schmidt pacing up and down... thinking, as we PULL BACK to
text: see Gustav seated in one of the fold-up chairs with a "I am
text: waiting" look on his face.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT
dialog: Naturally, I agree... Doork is a
dialog: nuisance, but to just let him go
dialog: seems a little unfair.
speaker_heading: GUSTAV
dialog: Schmidt! Don't make me put it on a
dialog: "either him or me basis".
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT
dialog: All right... all right... I'll give
dialog: him --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: OUTSIDE OFFICE TENT - HELMUT - NIGHT
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT (V.O.)
dialog: -- his two weeks notice tomorrow.
dialog: Will that satisfy you?
speaker_heading: GUSTAV (V.O.)
dialog: Perfectly!! Let's have a drink...
text: Helmut drops his head, completely discouraged and saddened
text: by what he knows is a losing battle. As he starts to walk
text: away we can HEAR the tinkling of glasses and the slight
text: laughter of the two men as we watch Helmut slowly scuff his
text: way towards the backstage circus exit, as we:
text: DISSOLVE (12-ft) HOLDING his walk over his limp body at bar.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR - NIGHT
text: Helmut has had more than a few and really looks beaten and
text: shoddy -- he waves for the bartender to bring another.
speaker_heading: CLAUSE
dialog: (pouring still another
dialog: blast)
dialog: It's your funeral.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (not too clearly)
dialog: A funeral is usually in order when
text: someone dies.
dialog: Up to now, we have no idea, whatever, as to the time (in
dialog: history) we are indeed in Germany, but as Helmut downs another
text: blast we SLOWLY CREEP our CAMERA to include more of the bar
dialog: than we have seen before and it includes pictures, framed,
text: of soldiers, arms interlocked (looking somewhat like summer
text: camp stills), the German flag (1933 vintage / crisscrossed
text: with the Swastika), a large banner marked "Deutchland" Ober
text: Aliss... and finally, the larger than life photograph of
text: "Hitler". Helmut slowly CROSSES CAMERA as he takes another
text: drink and starts spouting again.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: The trouble with man today is that
dialog: he takes everything for granted...
dialog: he thinks things he's told to think...
dialog: and accepts it! Just because we know
dialog: meanings of words we use them and we
dialog: fool ourselves... people should use
dialog: the dictionary more... look up words
dialog: like good... bad... honest... loyal...
dialog: especially loyal, I know what loyal
dialog: means, and I have always been that...
dialog: but does anyone care? No! Of course
dialog: not... Only when it is expedient...
dialog: When it isn't ---
text: (he slashes his throat
dialog: with his finger)
dialog: --- ZIPPPP! You're out!
text: Helmut stops with his BACK TO CAMERA looking straight at
text: "Hitler" and screams:
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: And that goes for you too... Mine
dialog: Fuhrer...
text: He shoves his right arm up and out at the photograph of
dialog: "Hitler".
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: ... you, too, are a fool. You allow
dialog: yourself to think you have "loyal"
dialog: followers... Ha! Wait until they've
dialog: had it with you... You'll get
dialog: yours... all the smiling, bowing,
dialog: heel clicking idiots will shaft you
dialog: too. And you will deserve it because
dialog: if you allow people like Herr Schmidt
dialog: to got about his business of lying,
dialog: and cheating, and being disloyal,
dialog: one day all the Schmidts in Germany
dialog: will turn on you and you will finish
dialog: as the dumb little corporal you
dialog: started as, and never know what hit
dialog: you...
text: During the above dialogue, two S.S. men along with two Gestapo
text: men walk into the bar and sit at a table unseen by Helmut,
text: and as they sit, Helmut continues:
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: He really has to be stupid --
dialog: (indicating Hitler)
dialog: I could help him by telling him about
dialog: the people he thinks are good
dialog: Germans... Ha!
text: The two S.S. men and the two Gestapo men just happened to
text: stop in the pub, they can't really believe what they are
text: hearing, and the two S.S. men make a move to get up and secure
text: Helmut. The head Gestapo man nods to them to stay seated
text: and wait and listen. Helmut continues his rave and gets
text: more violent as he goes on. Clause, the bartender, would
text: love to tell him the Germans are there, but chooses to go
dialog: about his business.
text: Helmut is really getting the effects of the booze now and is
text: bordering on flipping his lid, completely.
text: (He does the stagger routine trying to get to the table on
text: the other side of the bar furthest away from where the S.S.
dialog: men and Gestapo men are sitting)... We play this for visual
text: humor, but at the same time showing just how swacked he is!!!
text: Helmut finally reaches the table he has been trying
text: desperately to get to and falls into it, exhausted and
text: emotionally drained. He looks around at the few people who
text: have been watching him, most of which are frightened at what
text: he has said, trying vainly to stay out of it. Helmut catches
text: the eyes of the four men (S.S. and Gestapo) just looking at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What are you staring at? Didn't you
dialog: ever see a man drink before?
text: The four men just stare at him with no answer.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What's the matter? Haven't you guys
dialog: got a sense of humor? You must have!
dialog: Look how you're dressed! Grown men
dialog: in their little soldier suits... And
dialog: the black coats and gloves... Like
dialog: in a movie...
text: Helmut gets up and walks over to their table... mumbling,
text: and staggering as he goes...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Real cloak and dagger stuff... Didn't
dialog: you Gestapo guys ever know that
dialog: everybody can spot you a mile away?
dialog: (leaning over and
dialog: whispering)
dialog: Listen, if you really wanted to be
dialog: unnoticed... You should dress like
dialog: plain people, then nobody would
dialog: know you... You might even wear straw
dialog: hats and shorts...
text: He hears this and gets hysterical laughing.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Straw hats and shorts!! That's funny!
dialog: Now that's really funny, isn't it?
dialog: Straw hats and shorts!
dialog: They just stare!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Well, isn't that funny? Think of
dialog: it... That's funny! Why don't you
dialog: laugh?
scene_heading: HELMUT'S POV - THE S.S. AND GESTAPO MEN
text: They are really staring now, hard to believe their ears and
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (gets an idea)
dialog: I know why you're not laughing...
dialog: Because things you hear, you have to
dialog: think about... I'll show you something
dialog: that you'll laugh at because all
dialog: you'll have to do is watch...
scene_heading: DIRECTOR'S MEMO!!! (INSERT CHAPLIN FOOTAGE)
text: Helmut goes over to the bar, where a little man is standing
text: drinking his beer. Alongside of the beer is a small plate
text: with crackers and brown jam. Helmut takes a comb out of his
text: pocket, dips it in the man's glass of beer, combs his hair
text: down over one eye, takes a finger full of the brown jam and
text: makes a shicklegruber mustache from it... and turns on the
text: four men yelling:
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Ve vill conquer the world... Heil
dialog: me! Heil me! Heil me!
text: He screams the last "Heil" and collapses on the floor. The
text: four men get up and proceed to pick him up and carry him out
text: of the bar. As they get to the doorway and exit we STAY
text: on... Ada who has just arrived to see them pick him up and
text: carry him away. She is shocked. We STAY on a CLOSEUP OF
text: HER FACE showing the strain, pain and sadness as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LT. REICHER'S OFFICE - OUTER OFFICE - BERLIN GESTAPO
scene_heading: HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: We OPEN on the shiny black boots swinging the door open in
text: front of him and as we PULL BACK we see Helmut seated in a
text: slumped position on the hard wood bench as we introduce the
text: wearer of the black boots -- LT. REICHER -- he enters his
text: office as we go with him... (Feather Edge Set)... he walks
text: briskly to the desk where there are briefs and papers stacked
text: high on his desk... he bellows, after looking at the top
dialog: folder.
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: STEINER !!!! Get in here!
text: A frightened and spineless like corporal springs into his
text: office and clicks his heels and screams.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Heil Hitler!
dialog: (shooting that stiff
text: arm out like on a
dialog: spring!)
text: Reicher flips his wrist in answer to
text: the heil, showing complete annoyance
dialog: at having to do it.
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: Do I see what I think I see here?
text: The corporal leans over the desk, and in order to see puts
text: his hand on the desk to brace himself... Reicher smacks his
text: arm, knocking his face flat on the desk... he stays there
text: with his ass in the air, waiting for instructions. Reicher
text: leans down putting his nose right to the corporal's nose.
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: Never put your hands on my desk...
dialog: is that clear?
text: Still in the same position, the Corporal extends his arm for
text: a heil Hitler, which is virtually impossible in the position
dialog: he is in.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Yes sir!
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: MOVE IT!!
text: The Corporal rises and stands stiffer than ever...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: (picking the folder
dialog: up)
dialog: Now tell me, is this brief correct?
dialog: Is that prisoner, the drunk, the one
dialog: that impersonated the Fuehrer?
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Yes sir! It is!
text: Reicher paces behind his desk... the Corporal still stiff at
text: attention... waits and watches in mortal fear.
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I get all the weirdos... Alright,
dialog: Corporal, send him in!
text: The corporal clicks his heels, thrilled that he can go.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Yes sir!!!!
text: He exits, and returns with Helmut and one more guard. Helmut
text: stands in the doorway, frightened and unsure, Reicher still
text: pacing behind his desk feels Helmut's presence...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: Alright, come in, sit down!
text: Helmut walks to the chair in front of Reicher's desk... The
text: spineless corporal moves towards the door... turns... and
text: takes his position on the opposite side of the door that the
text: guard is standing at...
text: Reicher picks up the folder again, fingers through it. As
text: he looks through the folder, he looks at Helmut and looks
text: and fingers pages and the silence and the anxiety is getting
text: to Helmut as he sweats and waits.
text: Reicher is toying with him, and each time Reicher looks up
text: the sick, little-boy smile crosses Helmut's face, hoping to
dialog: endear himself to this Prussian pig!
text: Reicher finally sits down beside his desk in a chair that
text: resembles a throne. It is high and it looks down on Helmut.
dialog: (Props: This chair must be higher and taller than Helmut's
text: chair... for POV shots diminishing Helmut seated there.
scene_heading: OVER REICHER ON HELMUT
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: (soft spoken)
dialog: Are you Helmut Doork?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Doork, yes sir, Helmut Doork! I am
dialog: he! Yes sir, that is correct, Doork!
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: And are you a clown in the circus?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (ego setting in and
dialog: forgetting for a
dialog: moment his trouble
dialog: and danger)
dialog: Not JUST A CLOWN! I am Helmut Doork,
dialog: Premier Clown! I've clowned for the
dialog: royal heads of many of our finest
dialog: countries, why there were times when
dialog: I had to...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: (breaking in)
dialog: That was years ago... According to
dialog: these papers you are now just a helper
dialog: in the circus with little or no
dialog: importance!!
text: This stuns Helmut, his facade destroyed... His face drops
dialog: along with his fear...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Some things are only temporary...
dialog: Lt. Reicher! Only yesterday, I had
dialog: calls from one of the great circus
dialog: owners in all of Europe... he...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: (breaking in, strong
dialog: and angry)
dialog: You are NOTHING!! You are a HAS
dialog: BEEN!! You WERE A CLOWN...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You are now a prisoner of the State
dialog: and that's not funny... Can you make
dialog: something funny out of that, Clown?
text: Helmut sinks even lower in the over-stuffed chair, despair
text: in his eyes and a weight on his heart... the truth slashing
dialog: at his very being.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: No! Lt. Reicher, I can't make
dialog: anything funny from that thought...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: It is no thought... It is fact, Clown,
dialog: unquestionable fact!! Now down to
dialog: the issues at hand... Did you
text: willfully and with malice attack the
dialog: State and impersonate the Fuhrer?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I was drunk! It was a mistake! I
dialog: meant no disrespect... Sir...
dialog: Honestly, I was drunk and not
dialog: responsible for my actions and
dialog: thoughts! And my actions were
dialog: subconscious!
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Subconscious?? Meaning it was all
dialog: motivated by truth that came out
dialog: under the influence of alcohol!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (still softly)
dialog: I am a LOYAL German!
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: And what kind of commendation would
dialog: you expect for being a loyal German?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I want nothing! But I'm more loyal
dialog: than most Germans I know...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: Like who?
dialog: Helmut realizes this was the wrong thing to say... he
dialog: sweats...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Ah, like... re...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: Names! Names!!! Who?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: Sir!!!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I don't know, sir...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: But you said other Germans... What
dialog: OTHER Germans... Who are they? Why
dialog: aren't they loyal? Who?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (trying desperately
dialog: to cop out)
dialog: I'm not responsible for what I say
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: Why? You're not drinking... you
dialog: said you weren't responsible last
dialog: night because you were drunk! Are
dialog: you drunk now?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: No, sir!
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: Then why are you not responsible
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I don't know!!
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: SIR!!!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I don't know -- sir !!!
speaker_heading: REICHER
dialog: Why are you not responsible? Why?
dialog: Why? Why? Why?
text: On each attack of the word "why", Reicher creeps up closer
text: and closer to Helmut, really intimidating him... and the
text: sound of his voice echoes and becomes monotone and ominous...
text: [THE NEXT TWO PAGES OF THE SCRIPT ARE MISSING AS THEY ARE IN
speaker_heading: THE ORIGINAL]
text: The corporal gets Reicher's point and marks his notebook,
text: flips the cover closed, snaps to attention as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT RAILWAY STATION - DAY
text: Ada walking as briskly as a woman can walk without running
text: and then her walk becomes a panic running, looking, sweating,
text: and the look on her face is evident that she is frightened
text: and close to shock... she gets to a train gate where she
text: sees the S.S. men pushing men through the gate to the train...
text: she knows she is where she has to be... she approaches one
dialog: of the S.S. men...
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Excuse me, sir, but I wonder if you
dialog: would help me... you see...
speaker_heading: S.S. MAN
dialog: (very briskly)
dialog: No! Go away!
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You don't understand...
speaker_heading: S.S. MAN
dialog: You don't understand... I said go
dialog: away !!
text: Ada backs away from the gate, and stands to one side watching
text: the prisoners being moved from the back of the huge truck
text: backed up to the railway area... she is looking through the
text: iron bars (we SHOOT the bars holding depth of field snugly
text: so that the prisoners and the bars are in sharp focus)... we
text: make QUICK CUTS between Ada and the prisoners exiting the
text: huge truck... as we see the change of expression on Ada's
text: face we know she sees what she's been looking for... Helmut...
text: he is walking in a slow rhythm following a group of men who
text: look equally as broken and sad as he looks... Ada yells
dialog: through the bars...
speaker_heading: ADA
speaker_heading: HELMUT !
text: Just as she yells, the voice of an S.S. Man drowns out her
text: scream as he yells...
speaker_heading: S.S. MAN
dialog: Move along... you swine... move...
dialog: we haven't got all day... move...
dialog: move... one-two-three-four --
text: His voice rings loudly in echo in the vast station it's as
text: though he is timing his yells to each scream of hers... we
text: see her mouth moving with the SOUND of the S.S. Man's voice
text: coming from it... she is screaming Helmut... as the S.S. Man
dialog: screams...
speaker_heading: S.S. MAN
dialog: Move it... move it... move... move...
dialog: hurry... faster... faster...
text: Helmut and the other men push ahead faster and faster...
text: with INTERCUTS of Ada, tears streaming down her face... with
text: CUTS of Helmut walking with his head down, embarrassed and
dialog: shattered...
speaker_heading: MED. - ADA
text: We MOVE the CAMERA SLOWLY towards her, peering through the
text: bars of the huge gate... and as we MOVE, we HEAR the doors
text: of the train slamming... the whistle... and the slow start
text: of the locomotive moving the train out of the station... by
text: the time we get to the (choker) of Ada... the train is almost
text: out of listening range... She drops her head, wipes her eyes
dialog: with her handkerchief, as we hear so.:
speaker_heading: S.S. MAN
dialog: (the same one at the
dialog: gate who told her to
dialog: go away)
dialog: Now I would be glad to help you,
dialog: Fraulein... shall we start with a
dialog: drink? There is a lovely little bar
dialog: around the corner...
text: During the above dialogue we see another S.S. Man closing
text: and locking the gate to the train platform... She looks at
text: this "Pig", then down and up as though she were examining a
dialog: rare, never seen insect... and then right into his face...
text: and softly whispers:
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Go away !!
text: She turns and slowly walks the long walk down the empty
dialog: station corridor as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THEIR APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Ada is sitting at the kitchen table, the table is empty, the
text: light is low and we see the picture of a lonely heartbroken
text: woman, she has a small bowl of soup in front of her and the
text: spoon in her hand is doing nothing more than swirling the
text: soup around in the bowl... she can't eat, which is evident
text: and as she swirls the spoon around, we MOVE IN SLOWLY and
text: into the bowl of soup (choker)... and HOLD on the spoon in
dialog: the bowl as we
scene_heading: STRAIGHT CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAMP MESS HALL - INSERT - BOWL OF SLOP - DAY
text: We see wooden spoon doing exactly what Ada was doing, just
text: swirling the spoon around in what looks like dirty water
text: with a carrot in it, the bowl is chopped and cracked, the
text: spoon is old and almost white from use... the handle still
text: retains its wooden look... as we PULL BACK we see Helmut is
text: swirling the spoon in the slop... behind him is a Guard just
text: watching his actions... after a beat, the Guard taps Helmut
text: on the shoulder...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Tsk! tsk! tsk! shame on you,
dialog: Doork... shame... don't you want to
dialog: grow big and strong like me?
text: Helmut knows he's in trouble and just waits indifferently
dialog: for the fireworks to start...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: We must eat our food! Do we want
dialog: Uncle to feed the little man?
text: The guard pulls the man next to Helmut out of his seat and
text: practically throws him to the floor to make room for himself
text: to sit down next to Helmut which he does... he half turns
text: his body towards Helmut and turns Helmut around in the same
text: fashion so they are almost facing one another. The Guard
text: takes the wooden spoon and fills it with the soup and proceeds
text: to feed Helmut... he stuffs the spoonful of soup into his
text: mouth... and Helmut takes and swallows... then the Guard
text: takes another spoonful and makes believe he is blowing it
dialog: (like a mother blows the hot soup not to burn the baby's
text: mouth)... and forces the spoonful into Helmut's mouth.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (continuing to feed
text: him as he puts the
dialog: spoon in his mouth)
dialog: And now one for Aunt Ada...
text: As the Guard uses the name Ada, Helmut bites down on the
dialog: spoon and won't let it go... but if looks could kill... he
text: stares at the Guard with hate...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (pulling the spoon)
dialog: Let go, Doork, let go... it's the
dialog: soup that makes us big and strong...
dialog: not the spoon... LET IT GO!
text: Helmut still holds it clenched in his teeth, and the Guard
text: smacks his face full force. Helmut lets it go... and holds
text: his face, embarrassed and humiliated as any many would be...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Now let's try it again...
text: He fills the spoon and sticks it toward Helmut's mouth, but
text: Helmut clenches his teeth keeping his mouth shut.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I said let's try it again...
text: He shoves the spoon into his lips, as the soup drips all
text: over the front of Helmut's shirt. The Guard uses the spoon
text: to clean the front of his shirt and forces the liquid he
text: took from the shirt front into Helmut's mouth... Some of the
text: men at the table and surrounding tables feel for Helmut,
text: others think it's funny... they laugh quietly.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Oh, I know why you're unhappy...
dialog: soup without bread is terrible...
text: The Guard takes the large loaf of brown bread and rips a
text: huge piece out of the center of the loaf and proceeds to
text: stuff Helmut's mouth with bread, until he looks like his
text: cheeks are eight times their normal size.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Isn't that better? Now take some
dialog: soup...
text: He pushes a spoonful of soup into his mouth which is so full,
dialog: nothing can get in... consequently the bread spills out, the
text: soup spills out... and he is a mess... (We play this scene
dialog: for plot value, but it will work comically as well.)
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I've had enough, thank you... No
dialog: more, please...
text: The Guard just stares at him...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Please!
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I'm surprised at you, Doork, you've
dialog: been here two years now, you should
dialog: have learned we, of the Third Reich,
dialog: never acknowledge the weak, sniveling,
dialog: begging of you swine... that's all
dialog: you're good for... begging...
dialog: pleading... praying... you're a
dialog: disgrace to the human race. That's
dialog: why we of the superior race must do
dialog: away with all of you...
text: The guard turns to the other men at the table, and goes into
text: one of his mentally unbalanced tirades...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: And we will! We will! Do away with
dialog: all of you. You're worthless pigs...
dialog: with no courage, no guts, why if
dialog: anyone did to me what I just did to
dialog: Doork I would kill him!
dialog: (turning to Helmut)
dialog: Why don't you kill me, Doork? Go
dialog: on... kill me... kill me... take
text: the knife from the table and kill
dialog: me...
text: Helmut looks at the knife on the table, picks it up, holds
text: it in stabbing style, thinks about it... and we know by his
dialog: look, he would love to...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (with knife in hand)
dialog: I would kill you... but I am getting
dialog: my release any day now... and I won't
dialog: do anything that would spoil my
dialog: chances...
text: Helmut digs the knife into the table top and buries his head
text: in his hands... totally shook from the encounter...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Your release?
text: He begins to laugh, but hysterically.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Release? They told me you were
dialog: funny... but I never realized just
dialog: how funny you are... RELEASE ????
text: And the hysterical laughter really echoes throughout the
text: mess hall as the Guard makes his way towards the exit. The
text: men at the table slowly get up and exit the scene, as do the
text: others at the surrounding tables... leaving Helmut just
text: sitting there... we PULL BACK to reveal the empty mess hall,
text: and the lonely sad body of Helmut, as he looks around
text: realizing he's alone, gets up and slowly creeps out of the
text: hall like a puppy with his tail between his legs... as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: There are two rows of prisoners quarters, wooden buildings,
text: weather beaten each row consists of about a dozen barracks
text: each... joined at the ends, farthest from the CAMERA by the
text: administration building, a two story type making a "U" shape
text: of the compound... The entire yard is surrounded by two high
text: wire fences about ten yards apart and fifteen feet high.
text: At intervals of about twenty-five yards, in the area between
text: the fences, are the guard towers, each about eighteen feet
text: above the ground equipped with searchlights, sirens, machine
text: guns, with three Guards on duty. Along outer fence, also
text: about twenty-five yards apart, other powerful lighting
text: equipment mounted on high poles.
text: It is morning and although the sun shines brightly it doesn't
dialog: in any way alter the drabness of the compound... nor does it
dialog: help change the look of the men...
text: There are about three hundred men milling about, some still
text: chewing what was their breakfast, some pulling brown bread
text: from their shirt fronts and exchanging bread for cigarettes
text: or just making deals, one with another... some sit along the
text: barracks walls trying to get some sun... others walking in
text: circles... some talking, laughing, even playing cards...
dialog: doing whatever they can to kill time...
text: PAN the entire camp. At completion of the long PAN
text: introducing the prison camp, we pick up the sixtyish JOHANN
text: KELTNER (formally ANDERLICH), a warm, sensitive looking
text: greying man, thin but with a dignity and a serenity about
text: him... He walks briskly (and we know he'd love to walk slowly
text: and tiredly, but we can see he knows his attitude and conduct
dialog: will help those that can't help themselves...)
dialog: His face tells us he is good, kind and the reason men want
dialog: to live, he is special and he smiles at all those he passes,
text: greets the men and is generally what man wishes he could be
dialog: under the same circumstances...
text: He walks into the building, which we learn is the barracks...
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - DAY
text: The barracks are empty... Keltner enters the huge room and
text: looks around and sees Helmut at the other end of the barracks
text: just walking back and forth like a caged lion... angry, hurt,
text: sad, and generally out of sorts... he can't even hear Keltner
text: approaching him... he finally stops at the back wall of the
text: barracks and lays his head against the barracks wall...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (not aware Keltner is
dialog: behind him)
dialog: Dear God, please hear me!
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: He hears you, my son...
text: Helmut jumps, scared... throwing his back against the wall,
text: like a man who fears being attacked at any time...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: Here, here, easy, you can't do this
dialog: to yourself...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: You frightened me, Johann, I'm
dialog: sorry...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You have nothing to be sorry for...
dialog: Fear isn't something controlled by
dialog: man... fear can not be conferred
dialog: with... there isn't anyway known to
dialog: mankind where man can say to
dialog: himself... "I will not be afraid"...
dialog: Oh, certainly man can try to fight
dialog: it... but faith and believing are
dialog: man's only chance... You must have
dialog: faith... you must!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I have faith... but not always...
dialog: sometimes it eludes me... I can't
dialog: remember to remember it.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: But that's natural... you can't expect
dialog: to be perfect in what you try to
dialog: do...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I don't know...
text: He starts pacing again.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I heard what happened at breakfast
dialog: this morning with ROTHMAN, the
dialog: guard...
text: Helmut spins around, frightened again...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Will they do something to me? What
dialog: have you heard?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
text: (putting his arm around
dialog: him)
dialog: Nothing, absolutely nothing... don't
dialog: worry about it... I just wanted you
dialog: to know that I believe you handled
dialog: yourself admirably...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: That was one time I didn't care for
dialog: the laughs I was getting from some
dialog: of the men...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Of course you didn't... but I'm sure
dialog: you know man laughs for two reasons...
dialog: one because something is funny...
dialog: two, because they fear showing fear...
dialog: they laughed because "there but for
dialog: the grace of God go I!"
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Do you really think so?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I'm certain of it!
text: Helmut smiles and takes Johann's hand, tenderly, and warmly:
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Thank you, Johann. I always feel so
dialog: much better after you talk to me...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I'm glad, Helmut, I'm very glad...
dialog: you know you can always talk to me,
dialog: about anything...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Oh! I almost forgot...
text: Helmut puts Johann around the back of the barrack area near
text: the wall out of sight of anyone coming in...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Before breakfast this morning, I
text: spoke to one of the guards, a very
dialog: intelligent one, and he seems quite
dialog: nice and friendly too. Well, he
dialog: said that the Gestapo has set up a
dialog: special review board to handle cases
dialog: just like mine. And he said he would
dialog: get me a form, a special form. Just
dialog: been printed up. And I'm to fill it
dialog: out. Isn't that good?
text: Keltner looking at him, like a child that believes in the
dialog: boogie man:
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: How many times since you've been
dialog: here, have you filled out forms?
dialog: Twenty? Thirty times??
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (in fast)
dialog: But this is different. It's entirely
dialog: new.
text: Helmut takes out a set of papers from his back pocket to
dialog: show Keltner.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: See? These are made up by the Gestapo
dialog: itself... and the form will go
dialog: directly to Berlin, to Gestapo
dialog: headquarters. That's the important
dialog: thing about this... the Gestapo's in
dialog: on it. That's a very good sign.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Isn't it a good sign?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: Yes, my son, it is a good sign.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (in fast, excited;
dialog: scanning the papers)
dialog: And I have to be very careful of
dialog: everything I put down on the form.
dialog: The tiniest detail could make the
dialog: difference. Don't you agree?
text: Helmut looks up and notices Johann is looking up towards the
text: ceiling of the barracks... watching something... Helmut looks
dialog: up, too.
scene_heading: THEIR POV - THE BIRDS
text: Up and under the eaves of the barrack just above their heads,
text: two small birds are perched (apparently they flew in from
dialog: outside and decided to nest there).
scene_heading: BACK TO HELMUT AND KELTNER - TWO SHOT
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Isn't it strange? They are free to
dialog: go anywhere they want, and they come
dialog: here to nest.
text: Helmut doesn't react to Keltner's dialogue, but goes back to
text: his creased and soiled papers that he's read a thousand times
text: before, and reads them again... as he reads... Keltner takes
text: a piece of brown bread from his shirt pocket and crumbles it
text: and throws the crumbs up to the little birds...
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE BIRDS
text: They scramble to chew the crumbs, and they do...
scene_heading: DOWN SHOT - KELTNER
text: watching. Johann just watches, smiling at the birds, turns
text: and looks to see if Helmut is watching, too...
speaker_heading: HELMUT - CLOSE
text: Intense at scanning through the papers and totally oblivious
dialog: to Keltner and the birds...
speaker_heading: KELTNER - CLOSE
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Watch the birds eat, Helmut... it's
dialog: so cute...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I'm sure I've got everything here...
dialog: The important facts from the moment
dialog: I was arrested, the questions the
dialog: Gestapo officer asked me... now
dialog: what was his name again? I can't
dialog: seem to remember what his name was...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
text: HELMUT...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What the devil was his name?
speaker_heading: KELTNER (LOUDER)
speaker_heading: HELMUT !
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (coming out of it)
dialog: Oh, yes, Johann... I'm sorry... you
dialog: were saying?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: You're not a religious man, are you,
dialog: Helmut?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (thinking about it)
dialog: Well, I... ah...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Not sure I am myself anymore.
dialog: Helmut quite surprised by this remark.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Yet... when I see those birds, I
dialog: wonder... were they sent here to
dialog: let us know this place really isn't
dialog: God forsaken?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: He should have sent them elsewhere...
dialog: they could be eaten here!
text: Helmut goes back to studying his papers, Keltner ponders
text: Helmut's remark, looks backup at the birds... his face full
dialog: of compassion, as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - NIGHT (DUSK)
text: We now see the Barracks completely (SHOOTING from flat on),
text: the wooden bunks are housed in a low wooden building with
text: eight two tier bunks on each side. A group of men are
text: clustered around Keltner's bunk. Here we meet: ADOLF, a
text: large, once powerful man, in his mid thirties. LUDWIG, once
text: a fairly prosperous businessman before his politics landed
text: him in prison, is older, and his bitterness is written all
text: over his face. FRANZ, is the youngest. He is a sensitive
text: looing twenty five year old, more than likely the "rebel"
dialog: type of the 1930s.
text: Helmut is in his upper bunk over Keltner writing on an old
text: piece of paper with a scruffy pencil, which he bites to make
text: a point of, and wets with his tongue like any fat butcher
text: selling liverwurst and marking the price on a brown paper
dialog: bag... (i.e. Brooklyn, circa 1928).
text: We TRUCK the CAMERA down the long barrack to include the
text: other men doing their things. A couple of men are getting
text: ready for a card game... several others are comparing
text: clothing, mending and helping one another, a couple play
text: chess. A few are sleeping, but for the most part, most of
text: the men lay in their bunks staring at the ceiling... The
dialog: floors are spotless... suffice to say they better be... the
text: walls have nothing hanging but a few socks drying... a torn
dialog: calendar, wrong year, etc.
scene_heading: CLOSE - KELTNER GROUP
text: Johann sits with his back to CAMERA... at the edge of his
text: bunk, leaving room on his bunk for Adolph, Ludwig, Franz.
text: He is showing something to them that we cannot see. Keltner's
text: body covers whatever it is that the three men are gawking
text: at, facing CAMERA... and they are indeed gawking with delight
dialog: and admiration.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: I think we should eat it!
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Not on your life...
dialog: (catching himself)
dialog: Er, that is... I wouldn't...
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: Put it somewhere so it can brighten
dialog: up the place.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (sourly)
dialog: It would take a hell of a lot more
dialog: than that to brighten up this place.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: It'll be better than looking at your
text: long face.
text: Chuckling, Keltner rises. We BOOM UP with him, and as his
text: head comes up over the top of the bottom bunk... he holds
text: out the object for Helmut to see... It is a potato, a sorry
text: looking spud... that Keltner has put in a small can of water
text: and is beginning to sprout two sick-looking shoots.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (to Helmut)
dialog: Do you see the way it's sprouting...
dialog: I told you it wasn't completely
dialog: rotten.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (his mind on his thing)
dialog: That's nice, Johann. Do you remember
dialog: when I filled out those last forms?
dialog: The date might be important.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (almost annoyed)
dialog: About four weeks ago, I think.
speaker_heading: LOOSER SHOT
text: As Keltner walks away from Helmut's bunk.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I'll put it up here on the window
dialog: sill, it'll get the morning sun.
text: He reaches the window and starts to reach up, to place the
text: potato on the sill... a hand shoots out holding the hand of
dialog: Keltner...
speaker_heading: STOUT PRISONER
dialog: Think you can trust your potato so
dialog: close to me, Reverend?
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: The potato he TRUSTS... it's you he
dialog: doesn't trust!
text: All the men laugh, including the "stout prisoner" who laughs
text: the loudest... Keltner hands the stout prisoner the potato,
text: who in turn takes same and places it gently on the window
text: sill just adjacent to his bunk... after placing it on the
text: sill, he gestures ala the trapeze artist after making a super
text: truck, looking for applause... Keltner pats his leg in a
text: gesture of "thank you". He starts back towards his bunk
text: when the front door of the barracks flings open and the Guard
text: enters.
speaker_heading: GUARD
speaker_heading: ATTENTION !
text: The men jump, but quickly, to their feet, and stand at
text: attention at the front of their bunks, ala inspection in the
text: army. They are rigid and waiting to hear what's up. The
text: Guard takes a few steps into the barracks... behind him we
text: see several prisoners carrying bunks waiting to enter the
dialog: barracks.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: All the prisoners from the other
dialog: side of the camp are being moved
text: over to this side of the camp over
dialog: to this side of the camp. Barracks
dialog: "H" will make room for three
text: additional bunks.
text: He takes a few steps down the aisle...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I want all the bunks moved down toward
dialog: the far end. Get them as close
dialog: together as possible. Now! GET MOVING!
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The men scramble back to their own bunks and immediately
text: begin pulling, shoving, and grumbling comments about being
dialog: too overcrowded as it is...
speaker_heading: THE MEN
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: Gotta have more room... We need more
dialog: space... Hey, watch where you're
dialog: going. This is stupid!
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: YOU! You down there at the end...
dialog: get those bunks right up against the
dialog: wall.
scene_heading: CLOSE - HELMUT AND KELTNER
text: As bunks are moved towards the far end of the barracks,
text: Keltner and Helmut prepare to move their bunks, the last
text: ones on their side. Helmut and Adolf, who have already made
text: their move, come up to Keltner to help him with his bunk...
text: Helmut sees that Keltner has help so he decides to back off
text: and hide in his little corner with his pencil and scrap of
text: paper... totally involved with his own pain and his undying
dialog: fantasy about his ultimate release...
scene_heading: WIDER SHOT - THE ENTIRE BARRACKS
text: The guard looks down the barracks as the men just about finish
dialog: the moving job...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Hurry it up! Come on, get moving!
text: The guard turns towards the door and motions for the SIX
text: PRISONERS to enter the barracks... they enter by pairs, each
text: pair carrying a double-tier bunk.
text: Their personal belongings are piled on the bunks and slung
text: over their shoulders in sacks (barracks bags)... the Guard
text: motions for the two bunks to be placed next to Helmut's and
text: one on the opposite side... next to the Stout Prisoner...
dialog: NOTE: This arrangement leaves space for one additional bunk
text: right by the door.
text: The guard motions for the Stout Prisoner and Herman to give
text: the new arrivals a hand with the placement of their bunks.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Get them close.
dialog: (he looks around the
dialog: barracks)
dialog: You're all going to be nice and cozy
dialog: in here.
speaker_heading: STOUT PRISONER
dialog: (in a loud voice)
dialog: Yeah, like triplets before they are
dialog: born to a mother weighing 98 pounds...
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: That's what I call cozy!
text: The guard smiles, and all the men laugh...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The guard starts for the door, satisfied with the
text: arrangements... as he gets the door open, Helmut runs over
text: to catch him before he makes his exit...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: Excuse me, sir, the papers... Did
dialog: they arrive yet?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: They'll have to wait!
text: He exits, closing the door behind him. Helmut, with a look
text: of despair on his face, goes back to his bunk.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT AND KELTNER
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: You'd think, since he was coming
dialog: over here anyway, the least he could
dialog: do was bring the papers with him.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: This moving men around has undoubtedly
dialog: kept him very busy... don't worry,
dialog: he'll bring them.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I'm sure if I asked him again he'd
dialog: really become annoyed with me. Would
dialog: you remind him for me, please?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: Of course I will.
text: Helmut climbs up to his bunk and goes back to his precious
dialog: paper work.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: As the new prisoners make up their bunks and arrange their
text: belongings, the regulars of Barracks H, among them Adolf,
text: Ludwig, Herman and Franz, begin moving towards them to meet
text: them. Keltner turns to the new white-haired prisoner whose
text: bunk is directly next to his.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I've seen you around the yard, but
dialog: the others...
scene_heading: WHITE-HAIRED MAN
dialog: About thirty of them got here
dialog: yesterday from the prison outside of
dialog: Frankfurt.
speaker_heading: 1ST NEW PRISONER
dialog: (who occupies the
text: bunk above the white-
dialog: haired prisoner)
dialog: For the last three months we've been
text: shuttled from one camp to another.
speaker_heading: 2ND NEW PRISONER
dialog: (his bunk is the lower
dialog: bunk on the direct
dialog: opposite side)
dialog: Now they're shuffling us from one
dialog: side to another. I think they're
dialog: trying to lose us.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Do you think they're bringing in war
dialog: prisoners?
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: I don't know why they're sending
dialog: them here... we're overcrowded as
dialog: it is.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: No, no... it's got to be something
dialog: else... Otherwise they would have
text: left the bunks.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: It could be possible that he is fixing
dialog: up the barracks for some of his lady
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: That many women?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: (standing at attention)
dialog: Reverend, we Germans are SUPERMEN!
text: All the men break out in laughter at Herman's comment and
text: his actions... but the laughter is cut short as they HEAR
text: the door open again, and they all look in that direction.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: SHOOTING OVER the men onto the door, entering is the same
text: guard that was just there... this time he enters with two
text: more prisoners carrying their bunks. One of them is JOSEF
text: GALT, a burly bully like man, who knows all the tricks of
text: survival, and ERNST UHLMANN, a think little man with a face
text: like a weasel... they follow the Guard into the barracks
dialog: proper.
speaker_heading: GUARD
speaker_heading: ATTENTION !
text: The men quickly snap to attention. The guard indicates for
text: Galt and Uhlmann to put the bunk in the space right by the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: We might as well be outside.
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: If I get pneumonia, I'll hold the
dialog: government responsible!
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: With a little luck, you'll both get
dialog: pneumonia!
text: The guard turns and moves towards the door, stops, and turns
text: to see all is well, and exits the door, closing it behind
dialog: him.
text: Galt sits on the lower bunk as Uhlmann sprints up to the
text: upper bunk and looks towards the original men, who are just
text: standing around watching the two new "fish"... then men sense
text: trouble and slowly and quietly return to their own bunks...
text: some of the other men just stare at the two new prisoners...
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: (sitting on his bunk)
dialog: It's sure quiet in here...
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: Uhlmann in his surveying the barracks spots the potato plant
text: on the window sill... next to the Stout Prisoner's bunk...
text: he jumps from his bunk and runs over towards the plant... he
text: takes it from the window sill and yells over to Galt...
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: Hey, Galt! Come over and look at
dialog: this!
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (coming over to Uhlmann)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: Ain't it cute?
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: It's a God damn posie!
text: He and Uhlmann burst into laughter...
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: Looks kinda sick, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (examining it)
dialog: It's one of them potato things...
dialog: and it sure as hell is sick!
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: Maybe we should put it out of its
dialog: misery.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: No, we don't want to do that... we
dialog: might break someone's heart.
text: He looks around at the other prisoners.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Whose little plant is this?
text: The stout prisoner gets up from his bunk and starts to move
text: forward and challenge Galt... but Keltner jumps from his
text: bunk and gets to Galt first.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (with deep conviction)
dialog: The plant is MINE!
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Is it now? Tell me precious... do
dialog: you knit, too?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: If necessary, I can... and I do !
text: This brings a ripple of laughter from the others...
text: particularly the new prisoners who are delighted at seeing
text: someone stand up to Galt for a change... Galt with a sneer
text: on his face steps out into the aisle to face Keltner square
dialog: on!
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (to Uhlmann)
dialog: What do you think of that, Uhlmann...
dialog: he knits!
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: Now, if he could just cook...
text: Galt and Uhlmann laugh, but they are the only ones that do...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (coming out of the
dialog: laugh)
dialog: Can you cook, sweetheart?
text: Keltner knows damn well he can't fight the brute, yet he
text: realizes that if he steps down, life not only for him, but
dialog: for the others in the barracks will be intolerable under
text: Galt's bully rule. (During the following dialogue, Adolf,
text: Franz, Ludwig, Herman and the Stout Prisoner... easy up a
text: little closer to Keltner and Galt.)
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: If necessary, I can cook, yes! Now,
dialog: if you don't mind, I'll take that
dialog: plant!
text: He holds out his hand... Galt, wearing a deceptive smile,
text: eyes the older man...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Alright, old man, you really want
dialog: it?
text: He raises his arm over his head with the plant in that hand.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Go get it!!
speaker_heading: CLOSE - KELTNER
text: He looks past Galt at Helmut who is sitting up on his bunk...
speaker_heading: CLOSER - KELTNER
text: He looks at Helmut. His eyes try to encourage Helmut to do
dialog: something, say something, do anything to show that he is on
text: Keltner's side.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HELMUT
text: He sits up on his bunk, and wants nothing to do with the
text: bully and his pranks... so he goes back to studying his papers
text: and looks up again to catch Keltner's look of disappointment,
text: and as Keltner turns away from Helmut... Helmut realizes he
dialog: should do something to show Keltner he, indeed, cares... he
text: jumps down from his bunk and grabs Galt by the arm and turns
text: him around... they are now face to face...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Why don't you pick on someone your
dialog: own size...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (shocked, but pleased
dialog: that he finally got
dialog: a rise out of someone)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: You heard me! Give him his plant
dialog: back, and leave him alone... He
dialog: didn't bother you ... and if you
dialog: have to show your muscle, there's
dialog: plenty of other guys to pick on!
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: You're my size!
text: ... and with this, Galt smacks Helmut a shot across the mouth
text: that sends him spilling into the corner, half knocked
text: unconcious... he lays there with blood flowing from his
dialog: mouth...
text: Keltner leaves Galt and runs to the corner to see if Helmut
text: is okay. Galt follows him... Keltner is leaning down checking
text: Helmut... as Galt bends down next to the two of them... still
text: holding the plant.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: He's alright... that'll teach him to
dialog: keep his nose out of my business...
dialog: here's your plant!
text: Galt makes like he's handing the plant to Keltner, who reaches
text: for it, and as he does Galt slowly stands up making Keltner
text: reach and reach and reach... and as Keltner gets closer and
text: closer, Galt stands to his fullest height... making it
dialog: literally impossible for Keltner to get it... Franz, Ludwig,
dialog: Adolf, Herman and the Stout Prisoner (more than likely
text: provoked by Helmut's stand, now circle Galt)...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (still holding the
dialog: plant up high)
dialog: Go on, little man, reach for it!
text: Keltner, torn between seeing that Helmut is alright, and
text: getting his plant back, tries to get it, and still looks to
dialog: see that Helmut isn't hurt too bad...
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: (in a low menacing
dialog: voice)
dialog: Give it to him!
text: Galt looks at him with a menacing stare...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You heard him... give it to him!
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: You've had your fun... give it to
dialog: him... NOW!
speaker_heading: STOUT PRISONER
dialog: (closing in on Galt)
dialog: RIGHT NOW!!
text: Galt realizes this is no time for a showdown... and with a
text: childlike smile... grits his teeth...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Sure, here's your stupid flower or
dialog: whatever you call it...
text: Keltner takes it from him.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Thank you...
text: Keltner leans down and picks Helmut up and walks him to his
text: bunk, helps him onto it, and puts the plant on his own bunk...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The four men: Ludwig, Adolf, Franz and Herman stay with
text: Galt, as does the Stout Prisoner... They are clustered around
dialog: Galt.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: What's the matter with you guys?
dialog: Can't you take a joke?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: What joke?
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Hell, all I was doing was trying to
dialog: have a little fun.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Have it with someone else!
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: What's so special about him?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: That's the Reverend. Even when they
text: came and dragged him from his
dialog: church... he kept right on preaching
dialog: against them until they knocked him
text: unconscious.
text: Galt is silent for a beat.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Well, how the hell was I supposed to
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: NOW you know!
text: Galt shoves his way through the five men and walks beaten,
text: for the moment, to his own bunk... as the men disperse and
text: walk back to their respective bunks...
scene_heading: CLOSE - GALT AND UHLMANN
text: Galt walks over and sits at the edge of his bunk, while
text: Uhlmann swings his legs back and forth from his perched
text: position on the top of his bunk... Galt gives him a stare...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: You and your posies...
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: That was close...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Where were you when I need you?
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: I make love, not war!
dialog: (goes giggly over
dialog: what he just said)
dialog: Hey, that's pretty good... I made
dialog: that up... Make love, not war! I
dialog: bet that would make a good slogan
dialog: someday...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Aw, shut up!
text: And he smacks his legs up and onto the bunk.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KELTNER AND HELMUT
text: Keltner with a wet towel in his hand cleaning the blood-
text: dripping mouth of Helmut...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: That was really very nice of you,
dialog: Helmut...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Yeah, nice and STUPID!
text: Helmut grabs the towel and throws it to the floor and turns
text: on his side away from Keltner. Keltner bends down, gets the
text: towel, sits on the edge of his bunk... looks up, wonders and
dialog: ponders Helmut as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS H - NIGHT
text: The door to Barracks H slowly opens and Helmut peeks through
text: the opening to see that all is clear... he slips out and
text: walks along the dark, dreary alleyway towards the Guard's
text: shack... he moves like a prisoner trying to miss the
text: spotlights in a jail break...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Helmut gets to the Guards hut... he looks into the window,
text: and sees the Guard he wants... sitting at his desk eating
text: off a tray that has a meal fit for a king on it... including
dialog: the "doilies"... wine, and a steak that would satisfy six
text: men in Barracks H... Helmut looks around to be sure no one
text: notices him and slowly slips up to the front door of the
text: shack and knocks on the door...
scene_heading: INT. GUARD'S SHACK - NIGHT
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (annoyed at being
dialog: bothered)
dialog: Come in!
text: The meek and frightened Helmut enters the shack and walks
text: over to the Guard's desk, and his eyes go immediately to the
text: tray of food. While the Guard just stares at him... somewhat
text: shocked at his presence in the shack.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (breaking the silence)
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
dialog: Who gave you permission to leave
dialog: your quarters?
text: Helmut tries to talk as the guard gets louder and louder.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Are you some kind of privileged
dialog: character?
dialog: Helmut nods no...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Then what are you doing out of the
dialog: barracks?
dialog: The frustration of not being able to answer, and the
dialog: frustrations of being hungry... and the child-like treatment
dialog: Helmut is getting from this Pig becomes emotionally too
text: much... as he screams...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (turning red)
dialog: If you'll shut your stupid mouth
dialog: maybe I can answer one of your
dialog: questions!
text: The Guard looks at Helmut in disbelief... but at the same
text: time a little delighted at this chance to show his German
text: superiority... as he slowly gets up from behind the desk and
text: crosses to Helmut, with a sneer that would frighten Rommel...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (nose to nose with
dialog: Helmut)
dialog: I have a STUPID MOUTH?
text: Helmut backs away towards the door, and the Guard moves closer
text: and closer to him... backing him up against the door.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to raise my
dialog: voice...
text: He bows his head in fear, as well as concern for what he
dialog: might have done to his chances of release.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: The volume of your voice isn't the
dialog: issue... it's what comes out of
dialog: your mouth that disturbs me... maybe
dialog: you need a little lesson in respect
dialog: and courtesy...
text: And he smacks Helmut across the face with his black glove...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: ... and maybe I've been a little too
dialog: soft with you...
text: He smacks him again, harder... the glove now feels like a
text: sword to Helmut... and his hands hang limp down by his sides.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You see, Doork, I knew why you came
dialog: in here... I knew why you left your
dialog: barracks without permission... It's
dialog: just that I hadn't heard you mention
dialog: your release papers for so long I
dialog: had hoped I could hear you begging
dialog: once more...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (mimicking him)
dialog: I'm sorry, I'm sorry... You're a
dialog: sorry specimen of a human being...
dialog: that's what you are...
text: And he smacks him this time with all the force he can
dialog: muster...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Now, I will help you to your quarters,
dialog: Herr Doork, here you will stay, and
dialog: pray for release papers that may, or
dialog: may not, ever come...
text: This wakes Helmut's soul and he becomes erect and stonefaced
dialog: at the words the guards just said... this look infuriates
text: the guard even more... he grabs Helmut by the scruff of the
text: neck... like grabbing a wet cat to be thrown out of the
text: house... and he opens the door and pulls Helmut by the back
text: of the office... out the door, down the three steps and onto
text: the ground... and pulls him like a sack of potatoes to the
dialog: barracks doorway...
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS H - DOORWAY - NIGHT
text: Helmut is just about beaten at this point as the guard opens
text: the door of the barracks and pulls Helmut into the doorway,
text: and his body stops on the threshold.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS H - NIGHT
text: SHOOTING OVER the men onto the doorway... in the deep b.g.
text: the sad body and figure of the man lays in the doorway, as
text: the Guard kicks him in the ribs, unmercifully...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Now, get inside where you belong and
dialog: don't ever let me catch you doing
dialog: anything without permission again.
text: Helmut slowly gets up... in pain and practically crawls to
text: his bunk... having to pass all the men, almost as though he
text: were ashamed .. he gets to his bunk, and tries vainly to get
text: up to the top where he lives... Keltner helps him... and as
text: he settles in his place...
scene_heading: CLOSE - THE GUARD
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (yelling across the
dialog: barracks)
dialog: Reverend! If you don't watch that
dialog: idiot, we may have to get him a
dialog: keeper!
text: The guard storms out the door... slamming it shut.
scene_heading: CLOSE - KELTNER AND HELMUT
text: Keltner leaning over the side of Helmut's bunk whispering...
text: as the other men go back to their respective chores and
dialog: whatever they were doing when the guard stormed in...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Helmut, Helmut, how could you think
dialog: of doing such a thing? I begged you
dialog: not to irritate him... and that I
dialog: would ask him about your papers...
dialog: that wasn't smart, Helmut... not
dialog: smart at all... as a matter of
dialog: fact...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (gritting his teeth)
dialog: Leave me alone! ... and mind your
dialog: own business... Just leave me be...
text: Keltner knows this is nothing more than Helmut's dismay and
text: pain in his heart talking... The kindly man drops down to
text: his own bunk... just shaking his head... as if to say, how
dialog: can I help him? as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS H - DAY
text: The same Guard is motioning for the men to hurry and get
text: outside... he is standing at the doorway to the barracks and
text: the men are moving out into the ice cold morning as briskly
text: as they can... the Guard moves inside after the last man has
dialog: made his exit...
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - DAY
text: SHOOTING OVER the Guard as he looks around, we see Keltner
text: coming out of the toilet area, rushing because he's late...
text: he throws his towel on his bunk, and as he does... he sees
text: what stops him in his tracks...
speaker_heading: KELTNER'S POV
text: It is Helmut still sound asleep in his bunk...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Keltner moves towards Helmut to wake him...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (in a sotto voice)
dialog: Reverend, let him sleep... you move
dialog: out, I'll take care of this...
text: Keltner reluctantly starts to move out towards the front
text: door, as the Guard passes him on his way to Helmut's bunk...
text: Keltner goes out the door... the Guard sneaks over towards
text: the bunk where Helmut is asleep and very sneakily slips the
text: cover off Helmut's body... then proceeds to open the window
text: above his head and the window alongside... and across the
text: way and opens the back door... which is adjacent to the toilet
text: area... and walks out of the barracks leaving the front door
text: wide open...
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS H - DAY
text: All the men are lined up for inspection, they are all looking
text: straight ahead as the Guard walks down the line.
text: All except Keltner who can't help but look in the direction
text: of the barracks where he knows Helmut is still sleeping. He
text: throws a glance at the guard as if to say... why? Why are
dialog: you doing this? Why did he leave Helmut sleeping, usually
dialog: the one thing that would send the guard up a wall... why is
dialog: he allowing this to happen?
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: (as he finishes his
dialog: walk)
dialog: You are a sick looking group of
dialog: things... I can't even call you
dialog: human... because you're not... you're
dialog: all lice... DISMISSED!
text: The men break up and go about their business, they move in
text: all directions, but Keltner starts for the doorway to the
text: barracks and is detoured by the guard who knew he would, as
text: he stands in the way of Keltner who has to turn away and go
text: about his business... the Guard peeks into the barracks.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - GUARD'S POV - DAY
dialog: Helmut still sleeping...
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS - CLOSE - GUARD - DAY
text: He is delighted... he grabs the door and slams it shut with
text: a bang that would wake the dead... then opens it again and
text: walks off...
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - CLOSE - HELMUT - DAY
text: He jumps from out of his hard sleep... foggy and unsure about
text: where he is, what time it is and he looks around and sees
text: the barracks are empty... and he panics... but he is also
text: shivering... the barracks feel like the inside of a meat
text: truck refrigerated somewhat below zero...
text: Helmut grabs his pants from the front of his bunk, pulls the
text: cover over him and tries to get the pants on under the
dialog: cover... It is cold! (Photographically, we can show "cold"...
dialog: Props: vapor/smoke.)
text: He gets his pants on and jumps down onto the cold floor and
text: dances from the ice-like floor, he bends down looking for
text: his socks and shoes... he wears just a tee-shirt...
text: Having trouble finding both shoes, he grabs the blanket again
text: and covers himself with it, while searching for the other
dialog: shoe...
text: He finds the other shoe and proceeds to put them on... takes
text: a beat and sees he has no socks on... reaches under the bank
text: and pulls out the pair of socks... which stand straight up
text: (from the cold ... he holds them in the air, and drops one
text: at a time and they sound like "pans" hitting the floor... he
text: takes one and blows warm air from his mouth into the socks,
dialog: one at a time, which warms them... (Props: the socks need
dialog: discussion!)
text: He then proceeds to put his shoes on and puts one on, and
text: then the other... now wearing both shoes he starts to tie
text: the laces... he pulls them straight away to tie and they
dialog: stand straight up! (Props: this is done with leather laces,
dialog: pure leather... it works without any unnecessary rigging!)
scene_heading: INSERT - THE STANDING STRAIGHT LACES
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: He finally gets them tied and starts, still sleepily, into
dialog: the toilet area... (We can go for a great sound joke here.)
text: He steps into the latrine, closes the door and we HEAR the
text: SOUND of crushed ice being poured into the bowl... he flushes
text: and we HEAR what might sound like an ice crusher... he steps
text: out of the latrine and walks over to the basin and turns the
dialog: water on.
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: The water spigots... they both read "COLD".
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: And as he takes some water on his hands to his face... it is
text: "cold" and his face just freezes from the pain of the cold...
text: he looks around and sees the little metal ashtray, that looks
text: like a small bowl or a tin from a used shaving cream lather
dialog: soap... he fills it with water.. and to show his ingenuity,
text: he takes a lighter from his pocket, places the tin on the
text: edge of the sink and lights the fire under the tin (which
dialog: couldn't possibly hold more than a handful of water) and
dialog: proceeds to heat same...
text: Once he is satisfied that it is at least warmer than the
text: spigot supplied, he grabs for the tin which is so hot from
text: the burning, he screams in another type pain... the pain of
text: "HOT" hurting... he decides to flick his fingers in the tin
text: bowl and splash some of the water on his face (which is by
text: now, just drips of water)... brushes his teeth with his finger
text: and soap... straightens his hair and exits the toilet to his
text: bunk to get his shirt... another "ICE COLD" item... he feels
dialog: how cold it is, and doesn't have the courage for another
text: climate blast... he rolls up his shirt and places it under
text: his armpit to warm it... as it hits under his arm... the
text: cold just about wipes him out... he decides to sit on it...
dialog: and he does.
scene_heading: CLOSE - THE GUARD - AT THE DOOR
text: He's been peeking all the while... He figures he's had his
text: laugh, and it's the first time we see he can laugh... he
text: steps into the barracks area, and yells:
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Doork! Move it out, and on the
dialog: double!!
text: Helmut jumps with fright, unravels his shirt, runs towards
text: the open door putting on his shirt as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS H - NIGHT
text: Most of the men are clustered around their bunks, and in the
text: dull light we see some of them in the aisles, talking, playing
text: cards... while most of the others are whistling, clapping,
text: and laughing as Uhlmann does his silly little clog dance...
text: it is apparent the ugly episode between Galt and Uhlmann has
text: been forgotten for the moment.
text: The lights are hung from cords down off the ceiling and for
dialog: a complex this size it could use ten... there are but two.
dialog: Uhlmann is having the time of his ignorant life... the more
text: the men applaud, the more he "clog dances".
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - LUDWIG AND ADOLF
text: They are both seated on their top bunk, Adolf enjoying the
text: poor dance Uhlmann is giving as Ludwig looks down the aisle
text: towards Helmut's bunk.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (nudging Adolf)
dialog: It looks like Helmut found some new
dialog: ears to listen to his Super Star
dialog: fantasies...
text: Adolf takes a look, shrugs his shoulder, as if to say I
text: couldn't care less... and goes on watching the action of
dialog: Uhlmann and the other men...
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (to himself, but for
dialog: Adolf to hear as
dialog: well; a la
dialog: Shakespeare, mimicking
dialog: Helmut)
dialog: Ringling Brothers would have done
dialog: anything for me to appear with them
dialog: but I had to do what was best for
dialog: me!
scene_heading: CLOSE - HELMUT AND THE FOUR NEW PRISONERS
text: The four new men are surrounding Helmut on the top of his
text: bunk listening to his bragging.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: So I told Mr. Ringling if he wanted
dialog: "Helmut" he'd have to bring his circus
dialog: to Germany... I am a German, I told
dialog: him, and my responsibility is to my
dialog: own people who are my biggest fans.
speaker_heading: 1ST PRISONER (NEW ONE)
dialog: Did you really say that?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Of course I did... they offered me
dialog: anything... anything I wanted to go
dialog: with them.
speaker_heading: 2ND NEW PRISONER
dialog: Hey! I saw the circus in Berlin about
dialog: four years ago... Didn't you make
dialog: your entrance in a long tail coat
text: with a pair of tails on the jacket
dialog: about fifty feet long? Sure! And a
dialog: funny Little clown at the very end
text: carrying the tails like a woman's
dialog: train?
text: Helmut studies the prisoners glare and decides he couldn't
dialog: even remember the clown he saw was Gustav the Great, why
text: not? No one would ever know... and he nods with a kind of
dialog: studied humility... yes.
speaker_heading: 2ND NEW PRISONER
dialog: You were great!
text: Helmut eats it up.
speaker_heading: 2ND NEW PRISONER
dialog: You should have seen him... You'd
dialog: never know it was him... with the
text: long tails and white tie... red
text: nose... long hair... and a battered
text: top hat... with the hair hanging way
dialog: down to his shoulders... and, ah,
dialog: let me see... oh, yeah... your mouth
text: went from ear to ear.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Right!
scene_heading: 3RD NEW PRISONER
dialog: How do "clowns" ever come up with
dialog: such ideas for faces and make-up?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: It doesn't happen overnight... it
dialog: takes years and years... You try
dialog: many faces, then finally you hit the
dialog: one that's just right for you.
speaker_heading: 4TH NEW PRISONER
dialog: My kids will never believe this, I
dialog: can't wait to... tell...
text: His voice trails off as he realizes the hopelessness of what
text: he was about to say. This puts a damper on the discussion
text: and the men start to break up and get down off the bunk.
text: Helmut, seeing his captive audience leaving... panics.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (emotionally)
dialog: Wait, let me tell you some other
dialog: things... I mean things that are
dialog: really exciting and... please!
dialog: Please... let me just have a few
dialog: more...
speaker_heading: 1ST NEW PRISONER
dialog: (ignoring Helmut
dialog: completely)
dialog: What's going on with those guys?
text: He's looking off down the aisle where Uhlmann has his
text: audience... The four prisoners move out into the aisle to
text: get a better look, leaving Helmut perched on his bunk with a
text: pleading and broken look of despair...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (a last attempt)
dialog: Did you know "clowns" literally
text: bequeath their faces to their sons,
dialog: or sometimes to...
text: He realizes it's futile as the four new prisoners move towards
text: Uhlmann and the others down the aisle...
speaker_heading: 3RD PRISONER
dialog: Come on, let's see what's such fun...
text: He moves and the others move along with him. Helmut thinks
text: about joining them, and starts to move off his bunk but his
text: body won't respond... he just hangs there limply... his head
text: lowered, a sad man.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: SHOOTING OVER the men placing Helmut in the very deep b.g.
text: as we see the four new prisoners walk over to watch the
dialog: action...
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE - UHLMANN, GALT, KELTNER, AND OTHERS
text: Uhlmann is just finishing his dance with a spin, when he
text: finally gets dizzy and topples over on one of the bunks.
text: All the men applaud wildly. Uhlmann laying half down and
text: half up on the lower bunk he landed on, breathing heavily...
text: yells over to Galt...
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: Hey, Galt, it's your turn, how about
dialog: doin' one of your belly dances for
dialog: us?
text: All the men agree and start yelling for Galt to do it...
text: Galt moves out into the center of the aisle in the clearing
text: made by the men, and holds up his hands for silence... they
text: quiet down and Galt looks around until he spots Keltner.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Reverend?
text: The men become very still, they look from Galt to Keltner
text: and back to Galt, their eyes reflecting suspicion of him,
text: wondering what he's up to now. Galt is fully aware of this.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Well, Reverend, what do you think?
dialog: Would a little belly-dancing be too
dialog: much for the boys?
text: Keltner studies Galt for a beat, then accepts his offer of a
dialog: truce.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (moving over towards
dialog: Galt)
dialog: A little fun is what we need... so...
dialog: if you'll all hold the noise down,
dialog: I'll join in.
text: A hushed cheer goes up from the men as Keltner stands besides
text: Galt. Galt holds his hands over his head and nods for Keltner
text: to do the same thing. The Reverend does, and now Galt begins
text: undulating his hips. Keltner studies the move for a beat
text: and then does the same thing but with comical awkwardness.
text: Franz starts playing a slow sensuous rhythm on his harmonica.
text: The men clap and whistle softly.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: He is sitting upright on top of his bunk, watching what Galt
text: has Keltner doing, a look of disgust passes his face as he
text: turns away from what he'd been watching and gets busy with
text: his papers and figuring again.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - GALT, KELTNER
text: They are just finishing their dance. The men applaud wildly
text: but softly... Keltner, puffing, moves over to the side and
text: sits on one of the bunks to catch his breath. Galt takes a
text: few bows, and the men react with applause and whistling that's
text: beginning to take on "noise" proportions... Keltner motions
dialog: for the men to hold it down... and they do.
speaker_heading: 4TH NEW PRISONER
dialog: Say, why don't we get the clown to
dialog: do something?
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: A clown? Who's a clown??
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: You've heard of "Helmut Doork".
dialog: That's him down there!
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Don't waste your time. You'll never
dialog: get the Great Doork to do anything.
speaker_heading: WIDER SHOT
text: as he starts walking towards Helmut's bunk...
speaker_heading: 1ST NEW PRISONER
dialog: Oh, I'm sure he will!
text: The others follow right behind. There is a look on Keltner's
text: face like he would like to stop them, but between his puffing
text: and his certainty that Helmut will be alright, he stays where
dialog: he is.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ADOLF
text: as he walks with the others.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You're wasting your time. He doesn't
dialog: perform for the likes of us... he'll
dialog: turn you down.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: He's right, we've been asking him
dialog: for three years... I have a feeling
dialog: he only does his little routines for
dialog: the crowned heads of Europe.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: And, of course, the BIG heads of
dialog: Berlin.
text: There is general laughter... as the group arrives at Helmut's
dialog: bunk.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HELMUT
text: He sees something's going to happen, he puts his papers away
text: and sits upright... waiting... his eyes catch Galt's eyes
text: peering at him.
text: Galt tells it all with his eyes... This one isn't "sacred"
dialog: to the men... he might just be the pigeon Galt's been hoping
dialog: for... the one every bully looks for, for his own brand of
dialog: fun.
speaker_heading: 1ST PRISONER
dialog: How about it, Doork?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: (swinging his legs
dialog: around ready to jump
dialog: down)
dialog: I'd like to, but I can't... really...
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (strongly)
dialog: Can't? Did I hear you say you can't?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (it stops him in his
dialog: tracks; he stays up
dialog: on the bunk)
dialog: I'd like to do something... but...
dialog: (pointing to the 2nd
dialog: New Prisoner)
dialog: He can tell you... He's seen me
dialog: work... I need props... make-up...
dialog: I work with a lot of different
dialog: things...
speaker_heading: 2ND NEW PRISONER
dialog: That's right... I did... and he does!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (in fast)
dialog: Sure, tell them... I can't just do
dialog: anything... I need lights, props,
dialog: my costume.
dialog: Galt doesn't like no for an answer...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (gritting his teeth)
dialog: Now, me and these... gentlemen...
dialog: we don't expect you to do your "act",
dialog: just a little something that'll give
dialog: us a laugh, that's all.
text: Keltner moves in from o.s. and stands at the back of the
text: group watching and listening.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (to all the men)
dialog: Aw, forget it... and that's probably
dialog: his problem... he's forgotten how!
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (trying to suck him
dialog: in)
dialog: Wait a minute, you guys... show people
dialog: have to be in a mood...
dialog: (to Franz)
dialog: Play a little music, like in a
dialog: circus...
text: Franz starts playing his harmonica... slowly...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: There! Ain't that nice? Don't it
dialog: put you in a mood?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (getting fed up)
dialog: I TOLD YOU! I need things to do my
dialog: act.
speaker_heading: 2ND NEW PRISONER
dialog: Hey, Doork, what about that drunk
dialog: routine... that was funny...
text: Helmut looks at him puzzled... he can't think or remember
dialog: anything at this point... certainly not anything relating to
dialog: any of the previous lies he's told...
speaker_heading: GALT
text: (pacifying his head
dialog: off)
dialog: Yeah, that drunk thing... that does
dialog: sound funny...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I still need many things... props
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: 2ND NEW PRISONER
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I don't remember you using anything
dialog: in that drunk routine.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (starting to fume)
dialog: Hey... are you trying to fool us?
text: With this Keltner moves in and up to Galt.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Leave him alone!
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Stay out of this, Reverend. We're
dialog: not doing anything... We just want
text: him to join in the fun.
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Right! If a Reverend can give us a
dialog: laugh, why not a clown?
text: All the men ad lib their agreement with what Uhlmann just
text: said; it appears that they are all on Galt's side, and Keltner
dialog: knows it.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (to Helmut, softly)
dialog: It doesn't have to be anything
dialog: special... a little dance, maybe?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (taking it all out on
dialog: Keltner)
dialog: Like that disgusting exhibition you
dialog: did? Oh, no... not me!
speaker_heading: 4TH NEW PRISONER
dialog: Go on, Doork, so I can tell my kids.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Can't you get it through your heads,
dialog: I need...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: WE need you to give us a laugh.
text: Galt grabs Helmut's jacket and pulls him off the bunk, nose
dialog: to nose to him...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: So... TRY!
text: Galt has Helmut by the neck portion of the jacket, practically
text: choking him to death... his vice-like hands are closing in
text: on his throat and Helmut's trying vainly just to breathe...
text: One of the prisoners starts pounding his feet and making a
text: march-like noise yelling from the other end... "So try!"...
text: "So try!"... "So try!"... "So try!"... the other prisoners
text: in the barracks pick up the chant and the stomping... Keltner
dialog: doesn't even hear the racket they've started because of his
text: concern for Helmut being choked to death... He tries to loosen
text: Galt's hands from Helmut's throat.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: That's enough, leave him alone!
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Stay out of it, Reverend!
text: Galt spins Helmut around so that his back is facing the aisle
text: and he walks him into the center area... the other men feeling
text: this violence happening, and watching. Helmut being choked,
dialog: triggers all of their venom and their hate and they really
text: come on strong... stomping, yelling...
speaker_heading: THE MEN
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: Choke him harder... see if that's
dialog: funny! Make him dance! Hey, Doork!...
dialog: be funny now! He don't look so funny
dialog: to me! He sure as hell looks funny
dialog: to me! Hey, Galt, pull his string
dialog: and make the dummy funny!
text: And they stomp and they stomp and they stomp... "So try!"...
text: "So try!"... They get louder and louder... Helmut is kicking
text: his legs, which are off the ground, and Galt won't let go.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HELMUT
text: His face is turning color... he hasn't a lot of air left in
text: his lungs... and Keltner is practically hanging onto Galt
text: trying to get his hands loose... and Galt could carry another
text: three men without batting an eye. Galt puts him down slowly,
text: in the middle of the aisle, so that just his feet touch the
text: ground, but he keeps his hands around his throat.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Your public is calling, clown...
dialog: now, clown!
speaker_heading: WIDER SHOT
text: SHOOTING OVER Galt, Keltner and Helmut, we see the door of
text: the barracks slam open and bang against the wall making more
dialog: noise than anything all the men made together, and they all
dialog: freeze...
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE - THE GUARD
text: He stands in the doorway, legs spread apart, hands on his
text: waist... and he is wearing a raincoat, the barracks has become
text: totally silent... all that is heard is the rain pecking away
text: on the roof. Galt has let go of Helmut who just lays on the
text: floor with Galt and Keltner on both sides of him...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (walking slowly into
dialog: the barracks)
dialog: What is going on here?
dialog: (to Helmut)
dialog: On your feet!
text: Helmut gets up, dizzily, just about getting oxygen back into
dialog: his system...
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (like a little boy)
dialog: He was showing us some of his funny
dialog: clown falls...
text: The Guard surveys the faces of the others as they stare back.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Because of all the noise coming from
dialog: in here -- I have been called up
dialog: front to explain... I don't like to
dialog: be called up front... I don't like
dialog: to have to explain...
dialog: (menacingly)
dialog: And, you might not like it, either.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Back to your bunks, all of you...
dialog: Turn out the lights, and keep it
dialog: QUIET !
text: As the guard turns to the door to go, Helmut takes a step
text: forward about to stop the guard, Keltner grabs his arm and
text: turns him the other way... the Guard exits closing the door,
text: quietly behind him... The men start to disperse... Galt gives
text: Helmut a "I'll get you for this" look and returns to his own
text: bunk with Uhlmann almost up his ass following... Keltner
text: leads Helmut back to their bunk.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I was just going to ask him about
dialog: the forms... my release...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: That was not the time, believe me!
text: Keltner sits Helmut down next to him on his lower bunk, as
text: Helmut rubs his throat, and tries swallowing a few times...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Hurt much?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (beaten)
dialog: No, I'm alright... thank you.
text: They both sit in silence... Helmut breaks the silence...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Johann, why do they pick on me?
dialog: I've never done anything to them.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: You've never done anything for them!
text: Helmut dislikes Keltner's remark and gets up from the lower
text: bunk and starts up to his. He gets to the top bunk and starts
text: to get onto it, stops and whispers to Keltner.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: You think I should have performed?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: The men would have appreciated it.
text: Helmut rolls into his bunk, the lights go out and he lies on
text: his back staring at the ceiling. Keltner sits on the side
text: of his bunk and takes his shoes off... periodically the rays
text: from the searchlights revolving outside cross the windows to
text: momentarily flood the barracks with light. After a few
text: seconds, Helmut leans over to whisper to Keltner.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Johann!
speaker_heading: KELTNER
text: (he stands up, eye
dialog: level with Helmut)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: They don't believe me, do they? I
dialog: mean about being a clown?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Oh, I'd say you've convinced most.
dialog: However --
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: There is one you haven't convinced...
text: Helmut stares at Keltner, knowing full well what's coming...
dialog: yet doesn't have the courage to take the chance that it might
dialog: be another thought... so he waits...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You, Helmut... you!
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HELMUT
text: The truth of Keltner's charge hits Helmut with an overpowering
text: force. He looks at Keltner for a beat... his eyes filled
text: with pain, then slowly turns away from him, leaving him
text: standing there as we PAN with Helmut and HOLD on...
scene_heading: CLOSE - THE WINDOW
text: The rain is pouring down.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - YARD - DAY
text: It is the next morning, a chilly, damp day following a night
dialog: of rain.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER (O.S.)
dialog: Attention! Attention! All prisoners
dialog: will assemble immediately in the
dialog: yard. All prisoners will assemble
text: immediately in the yard. Attention!
dialog: Attention!
text: The loudspeakers repeat the command. Across the muddy, puddle
text: splotched yard, a barbed wire barricade about six feet high
text: has been erected, dividing the camp in two. A number of
text: guards patrol the fence on both sides.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS H - WINDOW - DAY
text: Uhlmann is looking out into the yard. He motions to someone
dialog: to "take a look at this".
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS H - DAY
text: Galt has just arrived at the window where Uhlmann is standing.
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: They've put up barbed wire!
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - FAVORING HELMUT, KELTNER
text: They look at each other in wonder as they start into the
text: aisle. The men in the barracks are frantically trying to
dialog: organize themselves.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - DAY
text: The prisoners are pouring out of the barracks doorway. Galt
text: and Uhlmann are already standing outside as Helmut, Keltner,
text: Herman, Adolf, Franz, Ludwig, Stout Prisoner, New Prisoners,
text: join them. All look o.s. momentarily speechless at what
dialog: they see.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: What the hell... ?
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - YARD - PRISONERS' POV
text: Beyond the fence we see men, women and children standing in
text: groups near the barracks on that side of the camp. The SOUND
text: of children crying can be heard.
scene_heading: VARIOUS SHOTS - MEN
text: As they quickly scurry to line up in front of their own hut.
speaker_heading: STOUT PRISONER
dialog: Youngsters! They've got youngsters
dialog: over there.
speaker_heading: YOUNG PRISONER
dialog: Women!
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Another fence!
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PRISONERS - FAVORING KELTNER
text: Helmut stands next to him.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What does it mean? What do they
dialog: need a fence for?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Misery loves company. Looks like
dialog: they're going to deny us even that.
text: The Guard is shoving the late-comers into place.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: All right. All right, move. Hurry
dialog: it up. Move.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: SHOOTING ACROSS the prisoners in f.g. toward the new fence.
text: Guards move among the men, herding them into lines. On the
text: other side of the fence, we can see the new arrivals lining
text: up, being prodded into place by Guards.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - PRISON YARD - DAY
text: On both sides of the fence, the prison inmates have assembled
text: in the wet, forbidden yard. On one side are the regular
text: prisoners, who watch the guards warily as they straighten
text: their lines. On the other side are the new prisoners --
text: about two hundred frightened Jews of all ages, including
text: thirty or forty children and a number of very old men and
text: women. They stand in absolute silence as the loudspeakers
text: blare again, except for the crying children.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: Attention! The Commandant issues
dialog: the following special order: the
text: north side of the camp is now
dialog: temporary quarters for non-Aryan
text: prisoners. Fraternizing between
dialog: Aryan and non-Aryan prisoners is
dialog: strictly prohibited. Any violation
dialog: of this order will be severely
dialog: punished. Heil Hitler... Repeating...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: SHOOTING THROUGH the booted, outspread legs of a soldier
text: guard in f.g. toward the line of prisoners behind him. One
text: woman holds a child of about three who cries inconsolably.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: The Commandant issues the following
dialog: special order:
text: As the announcement is read, the guard's legs turn around,
text: and he walks away from the CAMERA toward the woman. He stands
text: before her menacingly, and she clutches the child closer to
text: her in a futile attempt to hush its crying.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
text: The north side of the camp is now
dialog: temporary quarters for non-Aryan
text: prisoners. Fraternizing between
dialog: Aryan and non-Aryan prisoners is...
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PRISONERS
text: SHOOTING along line of prisoners from barracks H to show
text: their various reactions as the announcement continues --
text: disdain, surprise, sympathy and relief. The guard stands
text: with his back to the line at the end farthest from the CAMERA.
text: Galt is near the CAMERA.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Jews!
text: Prisoners nearest to Galt eye him questioningly.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: ... strictly prohibited. Any
dialog: violation of this order will be
text: severely punished. Heil Hitler.
text: The loudspeakers go dead. The prisoners stand silently
text: studying the new arrivals across the yard. The new prisoners
text: self-consciously file back into their huts on the other side
text: of the fence. As the prisoners begin to break rank --
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: Prisoners from barracks H remain in
dialog: line. Barracks H will remain in
dialog: line.
text: The prisoners turn and look in direction of the Guard as
text: they straighten their lines. The guard paces slowly along
text: the line inspecting it silently. On the fringes of the scene,
text: we can see prisoners from other barracks gathering to see
dialog: what their fellow convicts are in for.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GUARD
text: Finally he stops and contemplates his shabby charges with
dialog: disgust.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I said last night I didn't think I
dialog: would enjoy being called up to account
dialog: for the noise coming from barracks
dialog: H. I can tell you this morning I
dialog: didn't enjoy it.
text: He walks down the line, looking at each man.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I don't know what caused the trouble
dialog: last night, but I'm not blaming you
dialog: entirely.
dialog: (fatherly)
dialog: I failed you. I should have seen
dialog: that you all have much too much energy
dialog: for the confined life you lead here.
dialog: (he smiles benevolently)
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: We're going to correct that. I've
dialog: been told that energy comes from
dialog: food.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PRISONERS
text: Their faces reflect that they know what is coming.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: SHOOTING PAST the line of prisoners in f.g. to the Guard,
text: who has paused to let his words sink in.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: So... to help you... all rations are
dialog: canceled for the next... forty-eight
dialog: hours.
text: A hushed ripple of ad lib grumbling and growling rolls along
dialog: the line of prisoners.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: And, if that doesn't quiet you down,
dialog: I'll think of some other ideas you'll
dialog: like even less. I'm going to make
dialog: this barracks the quietest in the
dialog: camp.
dialog: (roaring)
dialog: Is that clear?
text: The prisoners are silent but their faces register their
dialog: resentment.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Now, don't blame me.
dialog: (with sly meaning)
dialog: I didn't start the trouble last night.
text: The truth of what he has said is reflected in the faces of
dialog: the men.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Fall out.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING HELMUT, KELTNER
text: As they stand with the other prisoners, watching the guard
text: move off. Keltner looks worried, the others are angry, Helmut
text: seems undecided as his eyes follow the guard.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Bastard!
speaker_heading: STOUT PRISONER
dialog: I can't go without food. I'll starve.
text: Suddenly Helmut makes up his mind and starts off after the
text: Guard. Keltner, sensing the mood of the men, puts a
text: restraining hand on his arm, whispers to him hoarsely.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Helmut, don't.
text: But Helmut shakes him off and hurries away.
text: The other prisoners notice where he is headed and exchange
text: looks. Keltner shakes his head. Galt's eyes narrow as he
text: watches Helmut run off after the guard.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: He's the one we can thank for the
dialog: diet.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - GUARD - MOVING
text: The CAMERA MOVES BACKWARD as the Guard strides toward it,
text: his face sour. Behind him we can see Helmut running to catch
text: up to him. When he is close enough...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Sir? Corporal...
text: The guard stops and turns so abruptly that Helmut almost
text: runs into him.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (obsequiously)
dialog: Doork. Helmut Doork. Remember?
dialog: The papers... You said... Remember
dialog: the special forms for the Gestapo to
dialog: review my case.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: No papers.
text: He stalks off. Helmut starts to say something more but thinks
text: better of it. Crushed, he starts back towards his barracks,
text: head down. He walks sadly for several steps, then looks up
text: and stops, his expression changing to one of uneasiness.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PRISONERS - HELMUT'S POV
text: A dozen of Helmut's barracks-mates, including Galt, Uhlmann,
text: Adolf, Ludwig, Herman, the Stout Prisoner, several of the
text: New Prisoners, are drifting across the yard towards him, and
text: the looks on many faces bode no good for Helmut.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - HELMUT, PRISONERS
text: The men converge and form a half circle around him.
text: As the men close in on him, he moves back until we cna see
text: the barbed wire fence behind him. Helmut senses their
text: disposition and remains warily silent. Keltner and Franz
text: stand slightly behind the pack.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: What'd you say now, Mr. Doork,
dialog: Almighty!
dialog: (to men)
dialog: Last night he wouldn't give us a
dialog: laugh. Today they won't give us
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (venomously)
dialog: What were you doing? Making a deal
dialog: with your guard pal to slip you some
dialog: food?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: No! I was asking him about the forms
dialog: he'd promised to get me.
dialog: (admonishing)
dialog: Because of last night... I'm not
dialog: getting them.
text: Keltner, seeing how disappointed Helmut is, moves up through
dialog: the group.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (encouragingly)
dialog: When this blows over, Helmut, we'll...
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Don't feel sorry for him. He's got
dialog: no one to blame but himself. The
dialog: whole thing was his doing.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: He's been telling us how great he
dialog: is; how funny. Why? Why couldn't
dialog: he have done a trick or two for us?
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: The Reverend did a turn. What's so
dialog: special about him?
text: The men voice agreement... Helmut should have performed.
text: Helmut starts to go around one end of the semi-circle but
text: the men bar his way.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Don't start anything here. We're in
dialog: enough trouble.
dialog: The other prisoners in the b.g., those who have remained in
dialog: the yard to see what was going to happen to the men of
dialog: barracks H, sense trouble, the kind they want no part of,
text: and begin scurrying back to their own barracks.
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: We're not starting anything, we're
dialog: finishing something.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: We've decided Doork here is going to
dialog: keep us laughing so hard we won't be
text: able to hear our stomachs growling.
speaker_heading: STOUT PRISONER
dialog: Better hurry it up, clown. 'Cause
dialog: my stomach's growling already. Can
dialog: you hear it?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Hear it! The whole place hears it.
text: The men take a few steps toward Helmut as they call for him
dialog: to perform.
speaker_heading: MEN
dialog: Yeah, Doork, do a trick. How about
dialog: that night in Munich when they
dialog: wouldn't stop laughing. How about
dialog: it, Doork? Come on, just a little
dialog: trick. Give us one laugh. That's
dialog: all we're asking for. Come on,
dialog: Helmut, do something.
text: Helmut, hoping to stall the inevitable, still hoping to
dialog: preserve for a while longer his beautiful myth of being a
text: great clown, holds up his hands for the men to be quiet.
text: Franz interpreting the gesture as giving in to the demands
dialog: of the men...
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: He's going to do it! He's going to
dialog: do it!
text: The men quiet down and move back a few steps to give Helmut
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (grandly)
dialog: Nothing pleases an artist more than
dialog: to perform. I'm going to do a real
dialog: show for you. All I ask is that you
dialog: give me a little time... time to
dialog: get things together... things I can
dialog: use as props... I'll even try to
dialog: make a costume, and...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You don't need a costume. We've got
dialog: imagination.
speaker_heading: (TO MEN)
dialog: Right?
text: Murmurs of agreement.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Do the drunk pretzel like the kid
dialog: suggested last night.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (commanding)
dialog: And do it now, clown. No more
text: stalling.
text: Helmut, still trying to hold on to his dream of greatness,
text: draws himself up proudly and begins to move forward.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Let me through.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Aren't we good enough for you?
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: He'd do his tricks fast enough if
dialog: his guard pal asked him. Wouldn't
dialog: you, Doork?
text: As the mention of the word "guard" the mood of the men turns
dialog: ugly.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - PRISONERS - HELMUT'S POV
text: Their faces show their determination that Helmut will perform
dialog: or... else.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Do something, Karl. For God's sake,
dialog: do something.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: And be sure it's funny.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, GALT
text: Helmut is frightened. He strains to look beyond the men for
text: help. He opens his mouth to scream for the Guard, but Galt
text: puts his hand over Helmut's mouth.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (his face pressed
dialog: close to Helmut's)
dialog: You make us scream... scream with
dialog: laughter... or I'll tear you to
text: shreds on the wire.
text: Galt presses Helmut right up to the barbed wire fence so he
text: can feel the barbs in his back.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - HELMUT, MEN
text: Galt takes his hand away from Helmut's mouth. Helmut doesn't
text: utter a sound. He knows that Galt and the men mean business
text: and he now must do something. He nods his head.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: All right... all right.
text: The men move back to give him room. Frantically, he tries
dialog: to think of something to do... he knows it must be great...
text: or else his myth will explode. He walks around in a little
text: circle, trying, trying to think of something. Finally he
text: faces them. He bows his legs and pretends he's a bow-legged
text: man trying to walk a high wire, but he's so frightened the
dialog: result is pathetic, not funny.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - PRISONERS
text: The camera works across their faces, which are expressionless.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT
text: Seeing that he is getting no reaction from his "audience",
text: Helmut tries something else.
text: He pulls his shirt over his head and walks around like a
text: headless man. He pretends to trip over some unseen object,
text: peers through the front of his shirt at it, and stamps on
text: the object. Again he tries to walk over it, and again he
dialog: slips.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, MEN
text: as Helmut starts to repeat the same routine, many of the men
text: are openly contemptuous. Galt wears a smirk. Keltner, unable
text: to watch Helmut's degradation, moves away. Others express
dialog: their disappointment, their disdain.
speaker_heading: MEN
dialog: If he's Germany's greatest clown,
dialog: God help the Fatherland. Doork, the
dialog: Great! You got paid for that? To
dialog: go without food is bad enough, but
dialog: to have to watch that!
speaker_heading: 2ND NEW PRISONER
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: You're not the clown I saw. You
dialog: lied. You're big all right. A big
dialog: liar.
speaker_heading: 4TH NEW PRISONER
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: And I was going to tell my kids!
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: He's no clown. Not even a bad one.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I am. I am a clown!
text: They move away from him.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Give me a chance. I just got started.
text: But the men continue to walk away. Helmut tries to do a
text: hand stand, but his hands slip in the mud, and he lands
text: ignominously on all fours. When he looks up, only Adolf,
text: Galt and Uhlmann remain.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: That's what we've been eating our
dialog: hearts out to see!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You stink. You really stink.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I... I slipped. I can do it.
text: Seeing the disbelief on their faces, Helmut becomes almost
text: hysterical. He is still on his knees.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I am a clown. I am. I am.
text: He pounds on the ground in frustration. Galt spits
text: contemptuously, and the three start to leave. Galt turns
text: back, looks down at Helmut. Very deliberately, he comes
text: forward to stand at a mud puddle.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Doork the Great.
text: With that he kicks a shower of mud directly into Helmut's
dialog: face.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: The mud splatters over his face. He cries out. His hands
text: go to his eyes instinctively. he kneels there, rocking back
text: and forth in misery. Then from o.s., we HEAR a tiny,
text: tentative laugh -- the tiniest laugh ever heard. Helmut
text: looks up quickly. He isn't sure that he heard it.
text: Then it comes again, a little stronger. He looks around
text: quickly to see who has come back to taunt him, to ridicule
dialog: him.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - PRISON YARD - HELMUT'S POV
text: The yard is empty except for a few prisoners from other
text: barracks way off on the other side.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: He is puzzled. Then again he hears the laugh o.s. He turns
text: slowly to look behind him.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BOY - HELMUT'S POV
text: On the other side of the fence stands a wide-eyed boy of
text: about eight, who is watching Helmut timidly. The ragged
text: youngster laughs again, hesitantly, as if unsure what Helmut
dialog: is doing is supposed to be funny, but finding it so
dialog: nevertheless.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: He looks uncertainly at the youngster. Is the child
text: ridiculing him, too? He leans over the mud puddle and looks
text: at his reflection. He likes what he sees. The mud on his
text: face looks almost like a primitive clown mask. Very
text: deliberately Helmut scoops up more mud and puts a blob of it
text: on the end of his nose. He waits for the child's reaction.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY
text: His eyes are laughing, but his little lips are pressed tight
dialog: together. He has been taught not to make sounds... not even
text: sounds of laughter. But finally what he is looking at becomes
text: too much for him and the laughter spills out between his
text: lips as they form a smile. He laughs delightedly now,
text: satisfied that Helmut is being purposely amusing.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HELMUT, BOY
text: Helmut gets to his feet, bows slightly and stiffly to the
text: child, and then attempts another hand stand. This time he
text: holds himself up for a moment and then deliberately allows
text: himself to fall on his back in the mud.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: As he lands, he quickly glances off towards his barracks,
text: but from the look of disappointment on his face, we know
text: that none of his barracks mates are watching. When he hears
text: more laughter from o.s., he quickly rolls on his side to
dialog: look.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - CHILDREN - HELMUT'S POV
text: Two more youngsters have joined the first, and all are
text: laughing excitedly. The first child jumps up and down,
text: clapping his hands.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - FROM THE FENCE - FAVORING HELMUT
text: Helmut gets up and bows, more deeply this time, a tribute to
text: the children's vindication for his claim that he is a clown.
text: He turns toward the direction of his barracks.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (screaming at top of
dialog: voice)
dialog: Come back, damn you, come back. The
dialog: children... they're laughing. They're
dialog: laughing. I am a clown. I am a
dialog: clown.
text: He turns back to the children and again bows. He quickly
text: leans down, looks at his reflection in the puddle, and scoops
text: up a handful of mud which he plasters on his nose to make a
text: bulbous, artificial proboscis. He turns back to the children
text: and in pantomime, pretends to see a fly buzzing about and
text: tries to swat it. The imaginary fly buzzes closer. The
dialog: CAMERA MOVES UP to --
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: As the "fly" lands on his nose. He looks cross-eyed at the
text: mud blob, then swats at it. The blob falls off.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - CHILDREN
text: There are now nine or ten youngsters at the fence, all
text: squealing with delight.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: He bows again, and as his head comes up he looks o.s. toward
text: his barracks, still hoping that someone will be watching his
text: "great" success. When he turns back to the children, we see
text: that he continues to smile -- while tears course down his
text: cheeks through the mud still caked on them.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MESS HALL - DAY
text: The last barracks on the open end of the camp on the political
text: prisoners' side. Outside the building is a low counter
text: arrangement with two prisoners behind it serving mush and
text: black bread to a long line of men, all of whom carry bowls
text: and spoons.
dialog: This time in mid-July, three weeks after the incident at the
text: fence. The day is bright and hot. Our ANGLE FAVORS Helmut
text: as he nears the prisoner who is serving up the mush.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT
text: As he moves up to be served and holds out his bowl. The
text: prisoner - messman spoons a blob of mush into it. Then he
text: looks around quickly and, before Helmut can pull back his
text: bowl, slops another half spoonful into it with a wink at
text: Helmut, who gives him a grateful smile in return. Helmut
text: moves on to the bread server, who gives him a big grin as he
text: slips two pieces of bread into the bowl on top of the mush.
text: Helmut hurries away, the CAMERA FOLLOWING him.
text: He walks strangely, as if having trouble controlling his own
text: feet. Helmut ducks around the corner of the barracks nearest
text: the mess hall, then peers cautiously back into the main yard.
text: Satisfied that he hasn't been noticed, he quickly puts one
text: piece of bread into his pocket and takes out his spoon.
text: Holding the second piece of bread beneath the bowl, he wolfs
text: down a few mouthfuls of the mush. Then he smooths out the
text: remainder with the spoon to make the mush appear untouched.
text: He places the one slice of bread back on top of it, and
text: studies the end result. Nodding approval, he licks his spoon
text: clean and puts it back in his pocket. He goes back around
text: the corner of the barracks into the main yard and heads for
text: the next building.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BARE FEET
text: This pair of massive feet are the property of the Big
text: Prisoner, a massive hulk of a man.
speaker_heading: OLD PRISONER'S VOICE
dialog: Don't know how you can go without
dialog: shoes. Soles of my feet are too
dialog: sensitive.
text: The CAMERA PANS UPWARD to the Big Prisoner and an Old
text: Prisoner, sitting against the side of their hut. The Old
text: Prisoner, a frail man, with shirt off, is finishing his mush.
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: It's my stomach that's sensitive.
speaker_heading: OLD PRISONER
dialog: (looking o.s., smiles)
dialog: Here comes your second helping.
text: As Helmut's feet walk into FRAME and stop next to the Big
text: Prisoner, we see the reason for his peculiar walk. He is
text: wearing a pair of enormous shoes, many sizes too large for
text: him and cut open along the soles from the toes to the insteps
text: so that they flap as he moves along.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Helmut joins them and holds out his bowl of bread and
text: mush to the Big Prisoner.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Here.
text: Still grinning, the Big Prisoner puts his empty bowl on the
text: ground beside him and takes Helmut's bowl. Holding the bread
text: aside, he digs into the mush. Helmut watches him eat, his
text: own hunger written all over his face. After a few bites,
text: this makes the Big Prisoner a little self-concious.
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: How're the shoes?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Perfect.
text: The Big Prisoner nods and goes back to eating, satisfied
dialog: that he has made a fair bargain and shouldn't be embarrassed
dialog: about taking Helmut's food.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Don't forget the bowl.
text: The Big Prisoner, his mouth full of mush, only nods. Helmut,
text: tearing his eyes from the food, moves off. The Big Prisoner
text: watches him go. Suddenly, he looks down at the departing
text: Helmut's feet, and his face darkens.
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: (irked)
dialog: Hey, Doork!
text: Helmut stops and turns as the Big Prisoner shoves himself
text: away from the hut and goes to him, staring down at the shoes.
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: My shoes!
text: The Big Prisoner reaches out with the large toe of one bare
text: foot and lifts up the flapping toe of one of Helmut's shoes.
text: He lets it drop again.
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: I said you could use 'em, not ruin
dialog: 'em.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I had to fix them this way... for
dialog: the act, you know. Wait till you
dialog: see how funny it is.
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: Yeah. But will I feel like laughing
dialog: when it gets cold!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Don't worry.
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: Worry! I'm the one who'll get frost
dialog: bitten toes, not you.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: When I return them, they'll be like
dialog: new. I promise.
text: The Old Prisoner has finished his mush and puts his bowl
text: down on the ground and moves forward to join Helmut and the
dialog: Big Prisoner.
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: For what you've done to my shoes I
dialog: should get more food.
speaker_heading: OLD PRISONER
dialog: He's got to have something to eat.
text: The Big Prisoner looks at him questioningly.
speaker_heading: OLD PRISONER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: If he gives you his other meal...
dialog: he'll starve to death. Then you
dialog: won't get anything.
text: This reasoning makes sense to the Big Prisoner.
speaker_heading: BIG PRISONER
dialog: (to Helmut)
dialog: Remember... you fix them before you
dialog: bring 'em back.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Promise.
text: Helmut shakes his head "yes", turns and quickly hustles off
text: in the direction of his own barracks, the CAMERA MOVING with
text: him. After a few steps.
scene_heading: BIG PRISONER'S VOICE
dialog: Doork!
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BIG PRISONER - HELMUT'S POV
text: The Big Prisoner looks at Helmut, then at the piece of bread
text: Helmut had given him. His manner is self-conscious. He
text: tosses the piece of bread to Helmut.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, BIG PRISONER, OLD PRISONER
text: Helmut catches the bread, his smile expressing his thanks.
text: The Old Prisoner puts his arm around the Big Prisoner's
text: shoulder, while the Big Prisoner tries not to show that he
text: is pleased with himself for his "generous" act.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT
text: Taking bites of the bread, Helmut, rather jauntily, lopes
text: off toward his own barracks. As he moves among the other
text: prisoners, the CAMERA MOVING with him, we see many of them
text: point or nod toward Helmut and smile good-naturedly. Helmut
text: is completely unaware of them, so lost is he in his own
dialog: thoughts.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS H - MED. SHOT - KELTNER, FRANZ, HERMAN - DAY
text: They sit in the shade beside their barracks. Herman is using
text: his empty bowl as a fan. Keltner is just finishing his food.
text: Franz is examining his jacket, his empty bowl beside him on
dialog: the ground.
speaker_heading: FRANZ (IRRITATED)
dialog: I mean it this time.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Don't tell us. Tell him.
text: Franz holds up the tattered jacket to show that a button is
dialog: missing.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: What am I supposed to do? Use pins?
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Who has a pin?
text: Keltner chuckles.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: You can laugh. He isn't always after
dialog: you for something.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: No?
text: He fishes in a pocket and pulls out a large piece of chalk,
text: holds it up.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Chalk.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: KELTNER (SHRUGS)
dialog: Says he can mash it into a powder
text: and put it on his face.
text: Herman stops fanning along enough to ask...
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
text: From a guard.
text: Astonished, Herman and Franz look at him questioningly.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (lowers his voice)
text: A very bad Nazi. Still has a heart.
text: Herman and Franz smile. Then Franz holds up his tattered
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: I wish he'd have a heart and use
dialog: someone else's coat. Or better yet --
dialog: his own.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (looking o.s. and
dialog: nodding)
dialog: Ask him.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - FAVORING HELMUT
text: As he comes flapping up, still munching on the piece of bread
text: given to him by the Big Prisoner. Keltner holds out the
dialog: chalk to him.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Finally got it.
text: Helmut takes it and examines it in a very professional manner.
text: Herman and Franz exchange looks. Keltner waits for Helmut
dialog: to speak.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (a little annoyed)
dialog: Isn't that what you wanted?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (holding up the chalk)
dialog: This will do more for the act than
dialog: anything. Wait'll you see!
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (a sigh of relief)
dialog: For a moment there you had me worried.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: (indicating bread
dialog: Helmut's nibbling on)
dialog: I see you got smart.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: His conscience bothered him.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I thought he would kill you when he
dialog: saw what you had done to his shoes.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (sheepishly)
dialog: So did I.
text: The men laugh.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: I don't know what I'm laughing at...
text: look at what he's doing to my coat.
dialog: (holds it up)
dialog: Look at it! Yesterday a button off.
dialog: And you've got it ripped here under the arm. Besides all
dialog: that falling down isn't doing it any good.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: I've got to have it. It is the only
dialog: one I can get on and still is tight
dialog: enough to look funny.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: At the rate you are tearing it up,
dialog: it's going to look a lot funnier.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: SHOOTING PAST Helmut and group and in f.g. toward the main
text: yard, where we see Galt and Uhlmann approaching. During the
text: ensuing dialogue, Galt spots Helmut, nudges Uhlmann and
text: together they come toward him.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Give in, Franz. You know he's going
dialog: to talk you out of it again.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I'll be careful. I swear. Besides,
dialog: I've got to have it. I explained
dialog: before... a clown can't change his
text: costume. It's his trademark.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: I know... I know... but...
text: Galt and Uhlmann join the group, looking to start trouble.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Why should he give it to a Jew clown?
dialog: Right, kid?
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: That's got nothing to do with it.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: What's the matter with you bastards
dialog: anyway? All he ever did for us was
dialog: cause trouble, but for them...
dialog: (nodding toward the
dialog: other side)
dialog: ... he can't do enough.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I say he's one of them.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: If he were, he'd be over there
text: Through this Helmut remains silent -- his eyes focused on
dialog: the coat.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: That's where he belongs.
text: Franz and Keltner get to their feet. Herman remains seated.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: What're you so hot about? It's no
dialog: skin off your...
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: We've got a good reason for not liking
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: If it wasn't for them... we wouldn't
dialog: be in here.
text: This surprises the men. Herman gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: What'd you mean?
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: A bunch of them got picked up with
dialog: papers we'd sold them. And what'd
dialog: they do? Turn us in, they did. The
dialog: ungrateful...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: So that was it! Counterfeit papers.
dialog: I can imagine the prices.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: Supply and demand, Reverend. Supply
dialog: and demand.
text: Deliberately, Franz hands his coat to Helmut.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: Take it, Doork -- anytime you want
dialog: it.
text: Helmut accepts the coat... nodding his head in the gracious
text: manner of a ruler accepting homage from a faithful subject.
text: He turns smartly and slowly struts away with as much dignity
text: as he can muster in his big shoes which flap with every step
text: he takes. The others stand and stare at Galt and Uhlmann.
speaker_heading: UHLMANN
dialog: What's so terrible about what we
dialog: did? Lot of them got out of the
dialog: country with our papers. They were
dialog: damn good counterfeits.
text: Keltner, without a word, turns and goes off after Helmut.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (calling to Keltner,
dialog: very proudly)
dialog: And what's more, we never charged
dialog: for children. Never.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, KELTNER
text: As Keltner catches up with Helmut. The CAMERA MOVES BACK as
text: they walk along the side of the barracks toward the door.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I've been meaning to ask you. Heard
dialog: anymore about the request for a review
dialog: of your case?
text: Helmut doesn't hear him as he's deep in his own thoughts.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Did you hear the laughs I got
dialog: yesterday?
text: Keltner nods.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Not just from the children... but
dialog: the adults, too.
dialog: You know where a lot of clowns make a big mistake? They
dialog: play just for the children.
dialog: They forget... it's the parents, the adults that buy the
dialog: tickets.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Never thought of that.
text: Helmut stops, faces Keltner, a sly smile on his face.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: They said I couldn't come up with
dialog: anything new.
text: Keltner looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: At the circus. Schmidt and the rest.
dialog: Wait'll they see my act now. It's
dialog: funny. Really funny.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Isn't it?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: The children certainly enjoy it.
text: Helmut begins to move along again with Keltner following.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What I needed was time. Time to
dialog: concentrate on new material. A man's
dialog: got to have time alone.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (glancing around)
dialog: You call this being alone?
text: Helmut takes a few more steps then stops short.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Do you think... maybe... they'd let
dialog: me go to other camps and entertain?
text: Keltner is about to say something... but shrugs his shoulders.
dialog: He knows there's not much point in trying to make Helmut
text: look at things the way they really are. Helmut starts to
dialog: walk again.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I'd have to get to the Commandant.
dialog: Would need his permission.
text: They arrive at the steps to the barracks. Helmut swings
text: Franz's coat over his shoulder as he starts up the steps.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: If you have time later, I'd like you
dialog: to see something I've been working
text: on. I hunch down and do a tiny
dialog: soldier parading. Think they'll
dialog: like it?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Who? The adults?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: The children, of course.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I thought the smart clown only played
dialog: to the adults.
text: Helmut, caught in a contradiction of his own "theory" of
text: clowning, gives Keltner an annoyed look, then goes into the
text: barracks letting the door slam behind him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - KELTNER
text: As he stands at the bottom of the steps -- he shakes his
text: head and smiles as he marvels at the change taking place in
text: the pompous Helmut as the little gentle clown within him
text: struggles to emerge.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - PAN SHOT - CHILDREN - DAY
text: The CAMERA is PANNING across the faces of about forty children
text: behind the fence as they watch Helmut o.s. Some of them are
text: laughing; some clapping; some squealing with glee, and a few
text: just watching quietly, but with laughter in their eyes.
text: Behind them, near the barracks on the non-Aryan side, a number
text: of adults also are looking on, but they hang back, fearful
dialog: that getting too close to the fence might provoke the always
text: anticipated wrath of the guards.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: We see now that Helmut on his side of the fence is performing
text: for the children on the other side of the menacing barbed
text: wire fence. Behind him, also at a safe distance because
dialog: they still aren't certain of the official reaction to all of
text: this, a number of his fellow political prisoners are watching
dialog: his antics. But, in spite of his talk about the importance
dialog: of playing to the adults -- it is the children that Helmut
text: plays to -- and it is for their laughter that he listens.
text: The CAMERA MOVES IN to --
scene_heading: MED. FULL SHOT - HELMUT
text: And we see that he has used the chalk to whiten his face.
text: With charcoal he has blackened his eyebrows, formed a wide
text: black mouth and drawn lines down over his eyelids to his
text: cheekbones, giving him the appearance of a clown at once sad
text: and happy. At the moment he is coatless, but Franz's coast
text: lies nearby on the ground. For the stunt he is doing now
text: Helmut carries the remains of an old broom and a piece of
text: cardboard. He is trying to sweep a small heap of dirt he
text: has gathered onto the cardboard, but each time he tries, the
text: dirt goes over the cardboard and he must sweep it into a
text: pile again. After a few attempts he feigns exasperation and
text: ponders the problem. Inspiration comes. He sweeps the dirt
text: into a pile again, bends over and very carefully sweeps it
text: into the front of one of his shoes, holding up the split top
dialog: to let it in. This accomplished, he is very proud of himself,
text: but when he tries to take a step, some of the dirt comes
text: out. Frustrated, he ponders again, and again has an
text: inspiration. He removes the shoe and puts it under his arm.
text: But as he walks away with it, all the dirt slides out through
text: the open toe. The children roar with delight.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LITTLE GIRL
text: She is a flaxen-haired youngster of about five who holds a
text: weathered rag doll as she jumps up and down for sheer joy at
dialog: Helmut's performance.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LITTLE BOY
text: He is a completely delighted boy of perhaps seven. Each
text: time Helmut does something he particularly enjoys he hugs
text: himself and spins around.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BROTHER AND SISTER
text: The girl is no more than four; the boy about eight. He clings
text: to her hand as they watch Helmut, unsmiling, perhaps not
text: understanding. The boy looks at his sister, and a tiny smile
text: tugs at her mouth. The boy smiles back. The girl giggles.
text: The boy laughs outright. They have re-discovered happiness.
text: They look back at Helmut, both laughing.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SISTERS
text: The older girl is ten or eleven; her sister five or six,
text: tugs at her arm, and the older girl bends down to her. The
text: younger girl whispers to her, pointing to Helmut, and the
text: older girl picks her up. The little one puts her arms tightly
text: around her sister's neck. Both laugh merrily.
scene_heading: MED. FULL SHOT - HELMUT
text: He is putting on Franz's too-small jacket. He tries to button
text: it, but it won't go around him. He sucks in his belly, but
text: then his pants begin to slip, and he grabs at them with an
text: embarrassed look at the laughing children.
dialog: Deciding that the only way to button the coat is to hunch
text: his shoulders, he tries that, but now his shoulders must
text: remain hunched. He manages to pick up the broom and puts it
text: over his shoulder, playing soldier. But when he tries to
text: snap to attention, the coat pops open again, bringing another
text: roar of laughter from Helmut's audience.
text: Now he marches a few steps toward the CAMERA, stops, snappily
text: puts the rifle down at rest position and salutes -- knocking
text: himself flat. Another roar of laughter. As it swells, we --
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - JEWISH PRISONERS
text: The laughter o.s. continues to swell as the CAMERA PANS across
text: the faces of the adult Jewish prisoners huddled near their
text: huts. They smile, fearfully at first, then break into
text: timorous laughter.
scene_heading: ARYAN PRISONERS - PAN SHOT
text: As the laughter swells even more, the CAMERA MOVES over the
text: faces of the political prisoners on Helmut's side of the
text: camp. They, too, are laughing -- some tolerantly; some at
text: Helmut rather than with him, but they are laughing.
text: As the laughter continues to SWELL, the CAMERA PANS over to
text: yard-guard. He is trying very hard not to laugh. The result
text: is a self-conscious giggle.
text: As the laughter grows even louder, the CAMERA PANS as though
text: wafted on the waves of laughter, up to a guardtower, and we
text: see two rifle-armed soldiers in the tower watching the
text: performance below them. They gesture in Helmut's direction
dialog: and laugh.
text: The CAMERA continues to PAN over to the administration
text: building and UP to an open window on the second floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMANDANT'S OFFICE - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: LT. SCHARFF, handsome, mid-30's, stands with his back to
text: CAMERA at an open window in a small, but luxuriously furnished
text: office. The window through which he is looking opens onto
text: the prison yard. An AIDE pokes his head in the doorway.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (in a loud whisper)
text: He's coming back down the hall.
text: Scharff nods, quickly closes the window, gives a look around
text: the room, and follows the Aide out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMANDANT'S OUTER OFFICE - FULL SHOT
text: As Scharff comes through the door from the adjoining room.
text: The Aide is standing in front of a small desk. Scharff takes
text: his position beside the door into the outer office. They
text: wait. After a beat, the room's other door opens and in comes
text: COL. HEINRICH BESTLER, a slightly built, pinch-faced SS
text: officer in his 50's. Scharff and Aide spring to attention
dialog: and give him the salute.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF AND AIDE
dialog: Heil Hitler.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Heil Hitler.
text: (striding into his
dialog: inner office as he
dialog: passes Scharff)
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Come in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMMANDANT'S OFFICE - FULL SHOT
text: Bestler goes directly to the desk and sits down. Scharff
text: stands at attention just inside the door.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Oh, stand at ease. And, close the
dialog: door.
text: Scharff closes the door and moves over to stand near the
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: I don't have to tell you why your
dialog: Commandant was relieved of his command
dialog: here. This prison is a disgrace.
dialog: Disgrace! The latitude allowed by
dialog: him will not be tolerated by me.
dialog: Understand?
text: Scharff nods his head. Bestler gets up from the desk and
text: walks around it.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: That includes the staff. I'm going
dialog: to turn this place into a model
dialog: prison, a credit to the Reich.
dialog: Understand?
text: Scharff again nods his head.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Speak up.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Yes, Colonel.
text: Bestler returns to his desk, sits, and opens a folder. He
text: glances up to study Scharff.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: This isn't the first prison the SS
dialog: has had to take over from the
dialog: military. Military men are too soft
dialog: to deal with those...
text: (he nods toward the
dialog: window)
text: Scharff starts to speak but quickly
text: changes his mind.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: You were about to say something?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Oh... I... was just going to say
dialog: that I didn't hold with the soft
dialog: treatment of the prisoners.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Good!
dialog: (taking papers from
dialog: folder)
dialog: Our first order of business is to
dialog: prepare...
text: He is interrupted by the SOUND of laughter o.s. He turns
text: slightly and looks curiously at the window, then turns back
text: to read from the papers in the folder.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Our first order of business is to
dialog: prepare all non-Aryan prisoners for
dialog: shipment in two weeks.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Where are they being sent, Colonel?
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Work camps.
text: Again the SOUND of laughter from o.s. and Bestler looks
text: quickly at the window, irritated. Scharff, uncertain of his
text: superior's reaction, tries to cover up.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (speaking a little
dialog: louder)
dialog: But we have about 40 children, some
dialog: only babies, with more scheduled to
dialog: arrive tomorrow or the next day.
dialog: They're not going to be much use in
dialog: a work camp.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: (his attention diverted
dialog: back to Scharff)
dialog: I'm aware of that. This order covers
text: only the adult prisoners over fifteen.
dialog: We won't have to wet nurse the
dialog: children for long. Other plans are
dialog: being made for...
text: Again he is interrupted by the laughter o.s.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: What is that?
text: Before Scharff can answer, Bestler goes to the window and
text: opens it.
scene_heading: PRISON YARD - LONG SHOT
text: SHOOTING PAST Bestler through the window, we can see Helmut
text: performing for the children. Bestler watches for a moment.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: What is that supposed to be?
scene_heading: BESTLER, SCHARFF - MED. SHOT
text: Scharff goes to the window and looks over Bestler's shoulder.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: That! Well, you see, sir, one of
dialog: the prisoners used to be a circus
dialog: clown. Sometimes he gives a little...
dialog: well... a sort of show -- for the
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: (turning away from
dialog: window)
dialog: A show! Is this a prison camp or a
dialog: traveling circus!
text: (he looks out window
dialog: again)
dialog: Am I correct in assuming that those
dialog: children are on the non-Aryan side
dialog: of the camp?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (almost in whisper)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: (leaving window)
dialog: And the... buffoon? A German?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Yes, Colonel.
text: Bestler sits on the side of the desk and looks at Scharff,
text: who tries very hard not to show how uncomfortable he is.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Am I to believe you aren't aware of
dialog: the general order absolutely
dialog: forbidding fraternization?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (not worried)
dialog: I know about it, sir.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Close the window.
text: Scharff carefully closes the window. Bestler walks around
text: desk to stand leaning against the wall.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Just what do you think fraternization
dialog: means, Lieutenant Scharff ?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Communication. Social contact.
dialog: Giving aid, talking...
dialog: (shrugs helplessly)
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: How long has this been going on?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Just the last two or three weeks.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: And the Commandant approved?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Well, sir, children are very hard to
dialog: handle.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: This clown! Who is he?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (trying hard to
dialog: remember)
dialog: It's... I know. It's Doork, the
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Not his clown name, you idiot. His
dialog: number. His identification.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: If I have the Colonel's permission
dialog: to leave, I will check it at once.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Later. Right now I want these
dialog: performances halted. Understand?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Bestler begins shuffling papers from the folder. Scharff,
text: uncertain whether he has been dismissed or not, hesitates.
text: Bestler glances up.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Immediately!
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Yes, sir !
text: He salutes and bolts from the room, almost crashing into the
text: door in his flight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: PRISON YARD - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: Shooting past the children in f.g. to Helmut through the
text: fence, as he bows to the applauding youngsters. Behind him
text: we can see a number of soldier-guards coming through the
text: cordon of watching prisoners, and waving them to disperse.
text: They do so reluctantly, as the guard from Helmut's barrack
text: moves forward to Helmut, who is just about to start another
dialog: routine.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: That's all. Show's over. Everybody
dialog: clear out.
text: Helmut stops, startled.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, GUARD
text: ANGLED to include children across the fence.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (to Helmut)
dialog: Get back to the barrack.
dialog: (to children)
dialog: You heard me. Show's over.
text: The children don't move, but stand staring at Helmut as if
text: waiting for him to tell them what to do. This frustrates
text: the guard, who isn't accustomed to being questioned.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Go on. Get away.
text: Still the children refuse to budge. Angry, the guard goes
text: close to the fence, waving his arms at them.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Move, damn it, before I come over
dialog: there and...
text: The youngsters scuttle back a few feet fearfully, but there
text: they stop, their eyes still on Helmut. The guard turns to
dialog: Helmut.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Get them moving before somebody gets
dialog: hurt.
text: Helmut goes up to the fence and speaks to the children softly.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: That's all the show for today. Go
text: back inside.
text: The children back away with long faces. Finally convinced
text: that Helmut is through, they turn and wander back toward
text: their barracks, but with many a backward look at him. Helmut
text: continues to encourage them, as the guard looks on.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: That's right now, go along. I'll
dialog: see you tomorrow. Goodbye. Goodbye.
dialog: Until tomorrow.
text: Many of the children wave to him. The guard takes Helmut by
text: the arm, turns him toward the barrack and hustles him off.
scene_heading: MED. TWO SHOT - HELMUT, GUARD
text: The CAMERA MOVES BACK as they come toward it, the guard firmly
text: propelling Helmut along.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Get inside and take that stuff off
dialog: your face.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I don't understand. What's the
dialog: matter?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Orders. No more shows.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: You mean... not ever?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: But we weren't doing any harm.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: The Commandant thinks you are.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: The Commandant?
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: The new Commandant. He minds.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Just because I make them laugh a
dialog: little...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You know the rule... no mixing with
dialog: Jews.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I wasn't mixing! I was only...
text: The guard stops him and turns him so that they are face to
text: face. The CAMERA MOVES UP TO --
scene_heading: TIGHT TWO SHOT - HELMUT, GUARD
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (quietly, threatening)
dialog: Look, it's not my order. It's the
dialog: Commandant's.
dialog: (more kindly)
dialog: Now do what I tell you and save
dialog: yourself a lot of grief.
text: He pushes Helmut toward his barrack and then turns and walks
text: off, the CAMERA PULLING BACK to --
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: Helmut watches the guard go, then, dejectedly, shuffles toward
text: his barrack. As he nears it, Keltner, Franz, Adolf, Herman,
text: Ludwig, and the other regulars intercept him.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - GROUP
text: They crowd around Helmut, anxious to know what's happened.
speaker_heading: FRANZ
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (still bewildered)
dialog: He says I've got to stop -- with the
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I've been expecting it.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Because they're Jews?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Because of the laughing.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Why should that bother them?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: When you rule by fear, laughter is
dialog: the most frightening sound in the
dialog: world.
text: Silently the men walk up the steps and into the barrack, the
text: CAMERA PANNING with them until we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: It is a warm, sunny afternoon and most of the prisoners on
text: both sides of the fence, are out warming their weary bones.
text: On the Aryan side, a number of prisoners, including Ludwig
text: and Herman, are having a makeshift soccer game using a bound
text: bundle of rags for a ball. They play with fierce rigor for
text: such emaciated men, yelling at each other and kicking up
text: clouds of dust as they try to work off their frustrations.
text: On the non-Aryan side of the fence, the children, now about
text: 50 in number, are grouped near the wire barricades staring
text: across it, their faces dour. It appears they are watching
dialog: the game.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - CHILDREN
text: Shooting past the soccer players in f.g. toward the fence.
text: Through the men we can see the children, but the play moves
text: away from them. They continue to stare straight ahead,
text: obviously watching something else. Suddenly many of them
text: press close to the fence straining to see.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACK "H" - CHILDREN'S POV
text: Helmut can be seen standing in the doorway. After a beat,
text: he quickly retreats back into the barrack.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK "H" - DAY
text: The CAMERA MOVES BACKWARD down the aisle between the bunks
text: as Helmut walks dejectedly down the aisle, nervously fingering
text: his white ascot. The barrack is empty except for Keltner,
text: who is arranging the sprouts of his potato plant over a little
text: trellis of sticks. Helmut turns and walks back up the aisle
text: to stand in front of Keltner.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I can't go out there. I can't take
dialog: another day of them staring at me.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: They'll get over it. Disappointment
dialog: is no stranger to those children.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: They look at me as though it was all
dialog: my fault. Haven't they been told
dialog: why I can't...
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I'm sure they have.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Then why do they stare?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (holding up the plant)
dialog: It's amazing how a thing like this
dialog: can feed off itself. Think how lucky
dialog: we would be if we could do that.
text: Helmut glances disinterestedly at the plant as he reaches up
text: to his bunk and brings down the coat belonging to Franz. He
text: holds coat up for Keltner to see.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I sewed a button on. Look all right?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (inspecting coat)
dialog: Fine.
text: Helmut gently pats the coat, then folds it and puts it back
text: on his bunk.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I did make them laugh. Didn't I?
text: Keltner nods.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I wish they'd get them out of here.
dialog: Prison is no place for little
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: We've been all over that before.
dialog: You've got to stop thinking about
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (trying to convince
dialog: himself)
dialog: You're right! I've got to think of
dialog: myself.
text: Keltner puts the plant under his bunk and gets up.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: It's too hot in here. I'm going to
dialog: get some air.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Johann... do you think there's any
dialog: possible way I could talk to the
dialog: Commandant. Maybe I could make him
dialog: understand...
text: The sentence trails off as Helmut realizes how useless his
dialog: suggestion is.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: There's nothing you can do... but
dialog: forget.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: How can I! They were my own very
text: special audience. And now they stare
dialog: at me as if I had betrayed them.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: They're children, Helmut. You can't
dialog: expect them to understand the madness
dialog: of adults.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (sudden thought)
dialog: If I could talk to them. To the
dialog: children themselves -- that would
dialog: help, wouldn't it?
text: Keltner doesn't answer but he watches Helmut with new
dialog: interest.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: If I explain it to them -- then
dialog: they'll know I am not mad at them.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (very deliberately)
dialog: You go near that fence once again...
dialog: and you're taking your life in your
dialog: own hands. You know that as well as
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: I would just need a minute. A minute
dialog: to talk to them.
text: Helmut goes to the door and looks out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - CHILDREN AT THE FENCE - HELMUT'S POV
text: The children are still pressed against the fence, still trying
dialog: to get a glimpse of Helmut
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BARRACK "H"
text: Helmut stands just inside the doorway... looking out.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I wish to God I didn't care. I wish
dialog: to God I could forget them.
text: Helmut walks back to Keltner.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: But I can't.
text: Helmut looks at Keltner, his eyes pleading for help.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I'm going to ask you a question,
dialog: Helmut, and I want you to think
dialog: carefully before you answer.
text: Helmut nods.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: The reason you can't get them out of
dialog: your mind -- is it because you need
dialog: them -- for you audience?
text: Helmut drops his eyes as he attempts to find the right answer.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: I want the truth.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I know I can't perform for them
dialog: anymore. I know that.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I really don't know what the reason
dialog: is. I think it's got something to
dialog: do with... well, I don't want those
dialog: little ones to think I've turned
dialog: against them, too. That's why I've
dialog: got to do something. Something.
text: Keltner studies Helmut for a moment.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: You'll be taking a chance. A great
dialog: chance.
text: Helmut nods that he know this.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: (very definite)
dialog: All right! Come on then.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: You want to talk to the children?
dialog: Well, I think I can help you.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: There's no reason for you to get
dialog: involved in this.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Reason? When war is waged against
dialog: children! That is reason enough for
dialog: the whole damn world to get involved.
dialog: And it will, believe me, it will.
text: Keltner puts his arm around Helmut's shoulder. Helmut grins,
text: a broad grin of thanks.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: So, come on, Doork the Great, let's
dialog: start getting involved.
text: They both walk quickly to the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HELMUT'S BARRACK - DAY
text: As Keltner and Helmut come out. In the b.g. we can see the
text: soccer game still going on, the players shouting excitedly
text: at each other. Keltner surveys the scene for a moment.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Wait here.
text: He moves down the line of barracks toward the mess hall.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: As Keltner moves among the men lounging around the barracks,
text: talking and watching the soccer game. Trying to appear as
text: nonchalant as possible, we whispers something to a group of
text: prisoners. They glance back at Helmut and then nod. Keltner
text: moves on to another group, taking care to avoid the two yard
text: guards, one of which is the guard in charge of Barrack "H".
text: Again Keltner murmurs something to the other prisoners, and
text: again they look at Helmut and nod assent. Keltner goes on
text: to another group. As he does, the men in the first group
text: casually disperse and start across the yard toward the fence,
text: moving around the soccer players. One of them goes up to
text: Ludwig, who is playing in the match, and whispers something
text: to him. Ludwig nods, and the other prisoners move away.
text: Ludwig runs off chasing the "ball".
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - LUDWIG
text: as he storms into a clutch of players, including Galt, all
text: kicking at the "ball".
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (low to Galt)
dialog: Kessler is going to talk to the
dialog: children. Cover him.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: (mean)
dialog: Who says so?
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: The Reverend says cover him... so we
dialog: cover him.
text: The players around Galt give him a meaningful look and he
dialog: gets their message.
speaker_heading: GALT
dialog: All right! I was just asking.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: As Keltner's plot takes shape, we see a dozen or so prisoners
text: wander, apparently aimlessly, across the yard and form a
text: spectator's section for the soccer game with their backs to
text: the fence, thus providing a shield between the children and
text: the guards. The game picks up tempo, but the play somehow
text: stays in the center of the yard, strengthening the shield.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT
text: As he watches the plan in action. Keltner rejoins him.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: You know what to do?
text: Helmut nods.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Stay behind the men and keep an eye
text: out for the guards on the other side.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: Make it quick. You won't have much
dialog: time.
text: Helmut nods again and starts away, but Keltner stops him
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: And Helmut, keep the children quiet.
dialog: We don't want trouble.
text: Helmut nods and moves off across the yard. The CAMERA FOLLOWS
text: him as he circles around the soccer players, trying to look
text: as if he is just wandering over to join the other spectators.
text: As he nears the other side, the children spot him and react,
text: pressing closer to the fence and pointing to him.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - HELMUT
text: Shooting past the children in f.g. toward Helmut as he nears
text: the line of prisoners, who continue to ad lib shouts of
text: derision and encouragement to the soccer players. The
text: children begin ad libbing cries of greeting to Helmut. He
text: puts his fingers to his lips to silence them and takes his
text: place in the line with his back to them.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT
text: as he stands pretending to watch the soccer game with the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Kick it, Ludwig. Kick it!
text: The prisoner next to him gives him a sidelong glance and
text: nods almost imperceptibly. Quickly, Helmut ducks behind the
dialog: line.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT
text: Behind the line as he scurries, bending over, to the fence.
text: The children flock to him. The CAMERA FOLLOWS him to the
dialog: fence.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: Doork, Doork, Doork is back. It's
dialog: Doork. It's Doork.
text: Helmut tries to silence their squeals of delight. Holding a
text: finger to his lips:
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Shhh. Shhhh. The guards...
text: The children quiet down and press closer to the fence. Helmut
text: drops to his knees, looking around.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: Do a trick, Doork. Please, Doork,
dialog: please, please.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: No, no. I can't. The guards won't
dialog: let me. Not now. Maybe some other
dialog: day.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LITTLE GIRL
text: This is the same flaxen-haired little five-year-old with a
text: doll we saw before. She regards Helmut solemnly.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: They're bad.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, CHILDREN
text: Smiling wryly at the simplicity of this appraisal, Helmut
text: reaches through the fence and pats the head of the girl's
dialog: doll.
text: Eager to touch Helmut, another child take his hand, others
text: grab at his arm. Still other youngsters, following this
text: lead, try to reach through the fence to touch him. Obviously
text: enjoying this adulation, Helmut takes as many of the little
text: hands as he can, squeezing them affectionately. Only one
text: group of eight children hangs back. They do not seem to
dialog: understand what this is all about. Their little faces are
text: fearful, yet they are fascinated by Helmut. Suddenly one
text: little boy gives a yelp of pain and backs away from the wire,
text: clutching his forearm.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What is it? What happened?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: He hurt himself.
text: Wide-eyed with fright, the little boy takes his hand away
text: from his arm to reveal a nasty looking scratch from one of
text: the barbs on the fence. Seeing his own injury, the youngster
text: bursts into tears.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Shhh. Shhh. Don't cry. It's going
dialog: to be all right.
dialog: (to the other children)
dialog: Be careful when you're near this
dialog: fence.
text: He consoles the little boy, who continues to cry and holds
text: up his wounded arm for Helmut to see. Helmut looks around
text: frantically, as if hoping to find help somewhere. Then he
text: quickly removes his ascot -- his precious trademark, the
text: symbol of his self-accorded status -- and hands it through
dialog: the fence.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Here, wrap this around it. I'll
dialog: make it all better.
text: The little boy goes on crying, but some of the other children
text: take the cravat and fashion it into a crude bandage around
text: the youngster's arm. It fails to silence the boy's crying,
dialog: however.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Hush now. Stop crying. Please.
dialog: Look... Look at this.
text: He begins shuffling around on his knees, imitating a duck in
text: an effort to appease the crying child. As he goes, Helmut
text: quacks softly. The boy stops crying, but his face remains
text: unhappy. The other children laugh in spite of Helmut's
text: efforts to keep them quiet, all but the group of eight
text: youngsters who only stare at Helmut in awe. Seeing that he
text: is making progress with the crying child, Helmut next pulls
text: his coat up over his head and, still on his knees, moves
text: around like a headless man, groping ahead with his hands.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LITTLE BOY
text: His frown gradually dissolves and, in spite of his sniffling,
text: he smiles, timorously at first, then broadly. Finally, he
dialog: laughs.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, CHILDREN
text: Helmut shrugs his jacket back into place and smiles at the
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: There, that's better. No more crying
dialog: now.
text: For the first time he notices the other group of frowning
text: children. Among the other smiling and laughing youngsters,
text: they seem to stand out. When Helmut fastens a quizzical
text: look on them, they back away a little, fearfully.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What's the matter with them?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: They're new. We can't understand
text: them. All they do is cry.
speaker_heading: OLDER BOY
dialog: They're all the way from
dialog: Czechoslovakia.
text: The eight just start at him wordlessly, their fear naked in
dialog: their eyes.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (to the silent ones)
dialog: There's nothing to be afraid of.
dialog: Everything is all right.
text: When there is no reaction from the children, who obviously
text: don't understand him, Helmut looks over his shoulder,
text: wondering if he has time.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - PRISONERS - HELMUT'S POV
text: The prisoners are still rooting for the soccer players, but
text: as Helmut looks, Adolf, in the middle of the cheering section,
text: turns and sees him.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (a hushed call)
dialog: Hurry up.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, CHILDREN
text: Helmut nods to Adolf and then turns back to the youngsters,
text: afraid but still unable to tear himself away.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Here. Look. I'll show you... No
text: noise now.
text: In pantomime, he pretends to pull a hair from his head and
text: threads it through an imaginary needle. Finally accomplishing
text: this, he pretends to be sewing a button on his jacket, holding
text: the thumb of his left hand under the button while he sews
text: with his right. When he has finished, he pantomimes that he
text: has sews his thumb to the jacket. He pretends to be
text: embarrassed and tries to hide his hand in his trouser pocket,
text: but in order to put his hand in his pocket the jacket goes
text: too. The children giggle, then roar with laughter at his
text: frantic efforts to detach his thumb from his jacket.
text: The silent children press closer to watch Helmut's antics.
text: Some look at each other and smile, then grin. Suddenly the
text: entire group is laughing. Helmut holds up his hands for
text: silence, but the grin on his face says he loves it.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: No, no, be quiet. Be quiet. Shhh.
dialog: Shhhh.
text: The children go on laughing as if this is just part of the
dialog: game.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - TOWER GUARDS
text: The SOUND of the children's laughter floats up to two guards
text: in a tower on the non-Aryan side of camp. One of them, who
text: has been watching the soccer game below, nudges his partner
text: and points down to Helmut.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - PRISON YARD - GUARDS' POV
text: Between the children at the fence and the line of soccer
text: spectators we can see only the top of Helmut's head bobbing
dialog: up and down. But that is enough.
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT - TOWER GUARDS
text: After a long look, one of the guards picks up a telephone
text: and starts to make a call.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, CHILDREN
text: Helmut seems to have thrown caution away under the stimulus
text: of the children's laughter. He is on his feet trying a hand
text: spring. He lands flat on his back, but rolls over on his
text: side and grins broadly at his audience, which laughs
text: appreciatively. This is the old Doork. Their Doork. Again
text: Helmut tries the hand spring and again he flops.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - PRISON YARD
text: A HIGH ANGLE with Helmut and the children in f.g. and beyond
text: them the Aryan side of the yard. The soccer game is still
text: in progress, with the spectators on both sides of the action
text: whooping it up. Then in b.g. we see two soldiers, two SS
text: officers, and the guard in charge of barracks "H", come
text: bursting through the spectators near the huts and into the
text: game itself. The players slowly subside as they realize
text: what is happening. They watch the guard cross the yard.
text: The cheering trails off, and the yard becomes strangely quiet,
text: the prisoners' warning to Helmut.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, CHILDREN
dialog: Oblivious to all this in his joy at performing for the
text: children again, Helmut is just pretending to slip on something
text: underfoot. His arms flay the air as he tries to regain his
text: balance, but he falls. Through this, however, the children
text: seem to be watching something behind Helmut, and when he
text: lands on the ground, they do not laugh.
text: Again their faces are frightened as they look o.s. Helmut
text: looks at them, puzzled. Then, realizing that something is
text: wrong, he turns and looks up from the ground.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: SHOOTING PAST Helmut in f.g. toward the guard, SS men, and
text: soldiers, who have come through the line of spectators and
text: stand glowering at him. The prisoners have moved back, warily
text: watching for the next move.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You wouldn't listen, would you?
text: Almost wearily, he goes to the fence. This isn't something
dialog: he likes, but his authority is at stake here, and he has no
text: choice. As the CAMERA PANS him to the fence we see that
text: some non-Aryan adults have drifted over to see what the
dialog: disturbance is.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (to the children)
dialog: Go on. Get back.
text: The children don't move. Their eyes are on Helmut. The
text: guard shouts over to the adults standing behind the children.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You back there, get them out of here.
text: The adults begin to gather up the children.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: They had nothing to do with it. It
dialog: was all my doing.
text: The guard turns and comes up to face Helmut. He studies him
text: for a moment, then hits him a vicious backhand slap across
text: the face. Taken by surprise, Helmut staggers backward and
text: falls. A murmur runs through the prisoners. The children
text: still near the fence, cry out with alarm. Seeing their
text: terror, Helmut is determined to make it look like just another
text: act. With a painful effort he gets to his feet, smiles at
text: the children, turns and salutes the guard, knocking himself
text: down again. A couple of children giggle. The FIRST SS
text: OFFICER quickly steps forward to stand behind the guard.
text: He holds a swagger stick in his right hand, which he
text: repeatedly whacks into the palm of his left hand. He looks
text: down at Helmut.
speaker_heading: FIRST SS OFFICER
dialog: Get up.
text: Helmut struggles to his feet. He glances over at the
text: children. They are all watching him. He takes a deep breath,
text: winks at the little ones, then salaams before the SS Officer
text: and the guard. Some of the children giggle. This infuriates
text: the SS officer. He raises the swagger stick and brings it
text: down hard on Helmut's head knocking him to his knees. The
text: children scream with terror. The SS Officer raises the stick
text: to hit Helmut again, but Keltner, in an almost instinctive
text: reaction, catches hold of his arm.
speaker_heading: KELTNER
dialog: The children! Not in front of the
dialog: children!
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - FIRST SS OFFICER - KELTNER
text: The SS Officer turns and brings the stick down on Keltner.
text: He hits him over and over, each blow more vicious.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT - FRIGHTENED CHILDREN IN B.G.
text: Helmut turns away from the beating, pulls his jacket up over
text: his head and starts to walk around like a headless man
text: stumbling and falling over his own feet. The children, many
text: still screaming, turn their eyes away from the SS Officer to
text: watch Helmut's antics.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - FRANZ, GALT, UHLMANN, LUDWIG, ADOLF, HERMAN AND
speaker_heading: OTHER PRISONERS
text: The horror-stricken men stand frozen as the SS Officer
text: continues to hit Keltner until he drops to the ground.
text: Suddenly Franz breaks away from the men and charges at the
dialog: First SS Officer.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SS OFFICER - FRANZ
text: Franz runs INTO CAMERA and attempts to stop the First SS
text: Officer. The Second SS Officer whips his pistol out, aims
text: carefully and FIRES a shot into Franz's head.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS OF THE PRISONERS
text: Uhlmann stands speechless and dumbfounded. Galt cowers.
text: Beads of perspiration pour from his brow. Adolf weeps bitter
text: tears as Herman places his arm around his shoulder to comfort
text: him, and himself as well. Ludwig, dead to any emotion, simply
text: turns and walks away into the crowd.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT
text: Helmut is now, more than ever, the clown, as he goes into a
text: frenzied version of the "Clap Dance". The complete
text: incongruity of his behavior leaves the spectators stunned.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - SHOWING THE CHILDREN IN B.G.
text: The children are no longer screaming, instead they are
text: watching Helmut as though they are hypnotized.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - HELMUT, GUARD, SS MEN, OTHER GUARDS
text: The guard, fully aware that the sadist SS men may take action
text: against Helmut, quickly motions for two of the other guards
text: to take Helmut away. The First SS Officer, still panting
text: with exhaustion, shows his approval of the action taken by
text: the guard. The two guards seize Helmut by the arms and begin
text: dragging him off toward the administration building. The
text: prisoners move away before the guards holding Helmut, forming
text: a sort of line of march for them. As they drag Helmut along,
text: he waves back at the children, makes a funny face and moves
text: his feet in something approaching a dance step.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SOLITARY CONFINEMENT CELL - NO LIGHT
text: SHOOTING FROM THE BACK of the cell toward the door. The
text: cell is about eight feet long and four feet wide with a steel
text: door at the far end. The cell is bare. We HEAR men
text: approaching, and a guard opens the door letting in a shaft
text: of bright light. Two guards hoist the unconcious Helmut
text: into the cell and drop him onto the floor.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: He lies in a heap on the floor, his face swollen from a severe
dialog: beating.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - CELL
text: The guards walk out, slamming the door shut leaving the cell
text: pitch dark.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - WINDOW WITH WINDOW SHADE
text: Window shade quickly rolls up letting in a steam of blinding
dialog: sunlight.
scene_heading: INT. COLONEL BESTLER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Lt. Scharff is by the window, having just rolled up the window
text: shade. Colonel Bestler is on the phone and obviously
text: exasperated by what he is hearing.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BESTLER, SCHARFF
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes. Yes, I understand perfectly.
dialog: However, I don't see how we can be
dialog: held responsible.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Our orders were very clear. We were
dialog: to have the freight car ready to be
text: picked up at midnight.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Of course, I'm aware the operation
dialog: must be kept secret.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I just don't have the staff to send
dialog: down there now and... Yes, I'll wait.
text: He puts hand over mouthpiece to talk to Scharff.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
text: The freight car wasn't picked up.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: It's still down there on the siding!
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Some stupid mix up. If they think...
text: The SOUND of the voice coming over the phone causes him to
text: literally snap to attention.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Yes, General.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes, I'm as distressed about the
dialog: situation as you are.
dialog: (long pause during
dialog: which he nods his
dialog: head)
dialog: Yes. Personally! Immediately!
dialog: Yes, General. You can leave it in
dialog: my hands.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Heil Hitler!
text: He puts down the instrument and turns at once to Scharff.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Who did you leave in charge down
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Sergeant Hoffman. Very reliable.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Apparently not reliable enough. The
dialog: cargo seems to be raising quite a
dialog: fuss.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (explanatory)
dialog: Fifty children, sir! In a boxcar!
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: I know. I know. But the siding
text: isn't far from town. The General
dialog: doesn't want unauthorized persons
dialog: getting curious. Understand?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: I'll get some men down there right
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Men! You'll get yourself down there.
dialog: And take at least a dozen guards
dialog: with you. Don't let anyone get close
dialog: to that boxcar... under any
dialog: circumstances. No one !
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Scharff turns to leave the office, but after a few steps he
text: stops and turns back toward Bestler, a look of concern on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Sir?
text: Bestler looks up.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: I wondered, sir, if you might have
dialog: any suggestions as... well... how
dialog: do we quiet children?
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Use any method you can, but shut
dialog: them up. That's an order.
text: Scharff is disappointed at not getting some help from Bestler.
text: Suddenly his face brightens.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Sir, the clown!
text: Bestler looks at him quizzically.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: The one who amused the children
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Out of the question. The man's being
dialog: disciplined for that very thing. We
dialog: can't change our position now.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: No one need know.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: He'd know.
text: Scharff thinks this over. Suddenly his face brightens.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Sir, if I could guarantee he'd never
dialog: say anything.
text: Bestler looks interested.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: You see, sir, he's been trying to
dialog: get a review of his case. Claims
dialog: he's here by mistake. I could tell
dialog: him you would recommend the review.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: A man who wants something. Good.
dialog: Very good strategy, Lieutenant.
text: (he turns to face
dialog: Scharff)
dialog: However, when you bring him back
dialog: here, return him to solitary and
dialog: keep him there.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I've seen the best of men, after
text: several years in solitary, unable to
dialog: remember even their own names.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Then I have your permission to take
dialog: the clown.
speaker_heading: BESTLER
dialog: Permission granted.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - OPEN ROAD - DAY
text: A small open truck with 12 soldiers in the back, followed by
text: a staff car, move along the road.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: DRIVER is in the front seat, Helmut and Scharff in the back.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT - SCHARFF
text: Helmut has been cleaned up, but still shows the effects of
text: the beating and his stay in solitary. Holding a small mirror,
text: he is applying his makeup. He occasionally closes or tries
text: to shade his eyes from the light. They ride on in silence.
text: Scharff stares straight ahead.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Wish you could've gotten the big
text: shoes. The children laugh so when
text: they see them flopping up and down.
text: Scharff makes no reply. Helmut starts to put on his big
text: black mouth.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (a touch of the old
dialog: arrogance)
dialog: The Commandant, himself, asked for
dialog: me!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You say he's personally requesting a
dialog: review of my case! Why, that means
text: I'm practically on my way back to
dialog: Berlin.
dialog: (studies mouth in
dialog: mirror)
dialog: Should be red. Mouth looks better
dialog: in red.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Know the first thing I'm going to do
dialog: when I get to Berlin? Buy an overcoat
dialog: with a fur collar. Had such a coat.
dialog: Very elegant. Very elegant.
dialog: (finishing the up-
dialog: turned corners of
dialog: mouth)
dialog: It's a good idea... moving the
dialog: children.
text: Scharff reacts to this. He looks sharply at Helmut.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Prison's no place for children. I
dialog: said all along that it was some kind
dialog: of mistake.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Finish your makeup. We're almost
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Know what Johann Keltner said?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Keltner. From my barracks. The
dialog: minister. He said... Let me think.
dialog: He said... men who wage war on
dialog: children. That's it. Men who wage
dialog: war on children... commit such a
dialog: crime...
dialog: (a beat as he thinks)
dialog: ... such a heinous crime. That's
dialog: it. Men who wage war on children
dialog: commit such a heinous crime that
dialog: even the devil damns their souls.
text: Scharff looks as though he'd just been slapped across the
text: face. He quickly turns toward the window. Helmut inspects
text: his reflection in the mirror as he draws black vertical lines
text: down over each eye -- giving him a very lost, sad, dejected
dialog: look.
scene_heading: EXT, RAILROAD SIDING - LONG SHOT - DAY
text: as the truck and staff car leave the highway and jolt down a
text: short roadway to a railroad siding where a boxcar sits on
text: the tracks. Uniformed GUARDS stand watch on both sides of
text: the car, which has the door nearest the CAMERA, partially
text: open. The truck and staff car pull up to the nearest boxcar.
text: The soldiers jump from the rear of the truck, one of them
text: carrying a large burlap sack.
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: as Scharff gets out of the car, from the boxcar comes the
text: SOUND of children crying.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (to Helmut in car)
dialog: Wait here.
text: Scharff strides purposefully over to Sergeant Hoffman, the
text: guard beside the open door. Hoffman salutes Scharff.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Any word about the train yet?
speaker_heading: HOFFMAN
dialog: No, sir. The last we heard -- it
dialog: won't get here until evening.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Anyone been around?
speaker_heading: HOFFMAN
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
text: With all that wailing, it's a wonder.
dialog: Couldn't you keep them quiet?
speaker_heading: HOFFMAN
dialog: I didn't know what to do, Lieutenant.
dialog: I was afraid to close both doors.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (to other soldiers)
dialog: Keep a tight guard on the whole area.
dialog: No one gets near here. Understand?
dialog: (to Hoffman)
dialog: You post them.
speaker_heading: HOFFMAN
dialog: (saluting)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Hoffman moves over to soldiers and begins giving them their
dialog: orders.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (to soldier holding
dialog: the sack)
dialog: Leave that here.
text: The soldier puts down the sack, and hurries off after the
text: others with Hoffman leading the way. Scharff turns toward
text: the staff car.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (calling to Helmut)
dialog: Over here, Clown.
text: Helmut quickly gets out of the car and moves over to Scharff.
text: He looks toward the partially open door.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: They're crying.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (indicating the sack)
dialog: Take that in to them.
text: Helmut picks up the sack and peers into it.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Bread. They won't wait so loud with
text: their mouths full.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: How... how long have they been here?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: You just get in there and keep them
dialog: quiet. You can do that, can't you?
text: Helmut nods. Scharff puts his hand on Helmut's shoulder.
text: Helmut stiffens under his touch.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Do a good job and I'll personally
dialog: ask that you get a favorable decision
dialog: on your case. Understand?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Helmut moves over to the half open door of the boxcar, the
text: CAMERA MOVING with him. Just before he looks inside, he
text: puts a wide grin on his face. But when he does peer into
text: the car, his eyes cease to smile.
scene_heading: INT. BOXCAR - HELMUT'S POV - DAY
text: In one end of the car the children are huddled together in
text: one frightened, wailing mass. They do not even notice Helmut
text: at first, so great is their sorrow. The little ones cling
text: to the larger youngsters, who, in turn, cling together. The
text: small ones weep hysterically , as children do when they have
text: been crying for a very long time. The CAMERA PULLS BACK so
text: that Helmut is in f.g. He slides the boxcar door open fully,
text: throwing more light on the children. This brings renewed
text: walls of anguish from the youngsters, who cluster together
text: more fiercely. But one little boy sneaks a look at the door,
text: expecting to see more guards. When he sees Helmut, his tear-
text: filled eyes widen. He can scarcely believe what he sees,
text: much less verbalize it. He tugs frantically at an OLDER
text: GIRL he has been clutching. She looks first at him, then at
text: Helmut. She, too, can hardly believe it.
speaker_heading: OLDER GIRL
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Doork?
dialog: (shrill with
dialog: recognition)
dialog: It's Doork. It is! It is!
text: The children begin untangling quickly. Faces appear between
text: legs, around skirts and over shoulders. For a moment they
text: can only stare at Helmut, speechless with wonder.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (gently)
dialog: So this is where you've been hiding?
text: That breaks the silence, and the children begin squealing ad-
text: libbed expressions of greeting and relief. They repeat his
dialog: name time and again: "Doork, Doork, Doork." As one... the
text: youngsters surge toward him. The little boy who first saw
text: him reaches him first. He drops to his knees and puts his
text: arms around Helmut's neck, hugging him furiously. Helmut
text: returns the embrace.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I want to go home. Take me home.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Now, now, there's nothing to cry
dialog: about. We're going to have fun.
dialog: (disengaging himself
dialog: and picking up the
dialog: sack)
dialog: Here. I brought you something.
text: (he tosses it into
dialog: the car)
text: The children pounce on the sack and
text: tug at it, unsure what it is except
dialog: that it's a gift from Helmut.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Wait now. Don't open it yet. Wait'll
dialog: I get in. You help me.
text: He backs up a few steps, the CAMERA PULLING BACK with him.
text: Then he runs toward the car and, with strength he really
text: doesn't have, jumps up so that he gets his arms on the floor
text: of the boxcar. He heaves himself forward partially into it,
text: and the children grab his clothes to help him inside. A
text: couple of the older boys seize the seat of his pants and
text: finally pull him in.
scene_heading: INT. RAILROAD CAR - DAY
text: FAVORING Helmut as he rolls over and jumps up, waggling his
text: head from side to side in the manner of a Jack-in-the-box.
text: The children watch him big-eyed. A few giggle.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Look, I'm a Jack-in-the-box.
text: He gestures around to indicate that he is, indeed, in a box.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: We're all Jacks-in-the-box -- the
dialog: same box.
text: The children laugh, and some begin imitating Helmut's head
text: movements. Others do the same, and still others, including
text: the Czech youngsters, until all are waggling their heads at
text: each other and loving it. Then, out of sheer adoration, the
text: youngest of the children close in on Helmut and hug him around
text: his legs. Slowly he stops waggling his head and stretches
text: out his arms to embrace as many of them as he can -- almost
text: as if trying to protect them. Suddenly the gaiety dissolves,
text: and the children go solemnly silent. Helmut reacts.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Well... who's hungry.
text: Almost in unison, the children shout "I am", again forgetting
dialog: their unhappiness.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: All right, I want everybody to sit
dialog: down. When I count three, everybody
dialog: sit. Ready? One, two...
text: On the count of two, many of the youngsters sit down. Helmut
text: feigns surprise.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Oh, you're too fast. Three!
text: This brings a burst of giggles, and the remaining children,
text: sit down... the Czechs following the example of the others.
text: Helmut opens the burlap sack and begins handing out pieces
text: of black bread. The children grab at the chunks and gnaw it
text: voraciously. When all of the youngsters have been given the
text: bread, Helmut takes a piece and bites into it with great
text: relish. After a few chews on the bread:
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Now... what'll we do?
text: There is a long moment of silence, then the little blonde
text: girl with the rag doll speaks up timidly.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: I want to see my Mommy.
text: Helmut is brought up short. For a beat he searches his brain
text: frantically for an answer. Then he goes to the child and
text: kneels beside her.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: You would? All right.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: You know where she is?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: She's right here with you.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: I don't see her.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: That's because you don't know how to
dialog: look. I'll show you. Close your
dialog: eyes.
dialog: (to the other children)
dialog: All of you... close your eyes.
text: The little girl closes her eyes and one by one the other
text: youngsters do also. The Czech children look at each other,
text: then at the other children, then they too close their eyes.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Everybody's eyes shut? Now, think
dialog: about your mommys and Daddys... There,
dialog: don't you see them? Can't you see
dialog: their faces?
text: The children, marvelling at this feat, ad lib expressions of
dialog: assent.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: So you see! They're right here with
dialog: you. All you have to do is look in
dialog: your hearts.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: (putting her hand
dialog: over her heart)
dialog: Does Mommy see me, Doork?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (deeply touched)
dialog: Yes, she does. She has you safe in
dialog: her heart, too.
text: The silence in the car tells Helmut that sadness has returned
text: to the children. He brightens quickly and rises.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I've got an idea. You all know my
dialog: name, but I don't know yours. So
dialog: let's find out everybody's name,
dialog: shall we?
text: He points to a boy of about ten in the group.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: You... come here and I'll show you
dialog: what we'll do.
text: The boy, honored at being singled out, rises and comes to
text: Helmut, who takes a stubby pencil from his pocket.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (timidly)
dialog: Willie.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Willie. That's a good name. How do
dialog: you spell it?
speaker_heading: BOY
scene_heading: W-I-L-L-I-E.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Fine. I'll just write that on top
dialog: of your head.
text: Using the eraser end of the pencil, Helmut carefully traces
text: the letters on top of the boy's head. The youngster peers
text: upward, wondering.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: There. See, this way we'll all be
dialog: able to tell everybody else's name
text: just by looking at his head.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BOY
text: still looking up, but now doubtful.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Did you really?
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE GROUP
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Of course I did. Here...
text: He pulls an older boy to his feet, winks at him and points
text: to the first boy's head.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (to the older boy)
dialog: Tell him what it says.
speaker_heading: OLDER BOY
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: It says Willie.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Really? Truly?
text: He puts his hand to his head.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Be careful. Don't smear it.
dialog: (he glances around)
dialog: Let's see now... Yes. You shall be
dialog: next.
text: He points to a Czech girl of about six. He motions for her
text: to come over to him. She shyly bows her head. Her friends
text: push her forward. Helmut holds out his hand to her, she grabs
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What is your name?
text: She looks at him, then at the other Czech children. They
text: all giggle.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: (squatting down beside
dialog: her)
dialog: Forgive me. I don't speak your
dialog: language.
text: He gently plants a kiss on her cheek and she puts an arm
text: around his neck.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (to others)
dialog: See! We understand each other.
dialog: Now...
dialog: (he points to Willie)
dialog: Willie.
dialog: (he points to himself)
dialog: Doork.
dialog: (points again to Willie)
dialog: Willie.
dialog: (pointing to himself)
dialog: Doork.
text: The child's eyes light up and she whispers into Helmut's
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: A beautiful name! Now you tell all
dialog: the children.
speaker_heading: CZECH GIRL
dialog: (almost a whisper)
dialog: Inga.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: It's such a pretty name... say it
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: CZECH GIRL
dialog: (more sure of herself)
dialog: Inga!
text: She quickly bows her head for Helmut to outline her name on
text: the top of it.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (with a flourish of
dialog: his pencil)
dialog: I-N-G-A. There it is.
text: The little girl gives a quick curtsy and hurries back to her
text: group. Helmut glances around at the children.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Let's see now. Who wants to be next.
text: The little girl with the doll presses forward.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: You?
text: Shaking her head she holds up the doll.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Her?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: So the little children will know her
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Of course. That way she can't get
dialog: lost, can she? What's her name?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Frederika.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (mock dismay)
dialog: Frederika?
text: He studies the top of doll's tiny head. Then he holds up
text: his hand and measures off a distance of about three inches
text: in the air with thumb and forefinger.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Frederika!
text: Next he puts the doll's head between his thumb and forefinger,
text: illustrating that the head is too small for the name.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Couldn't we just make it Freda?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: (solemnly)
dialog: Oh, no! Frederika.
text: Helmut shrugs, closes one eye and begins writing in tiny
text: letters on the doll's head. The children laugh delightedly.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD SIDING - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: Sergeant Hoffmann is walking his post beside the open door
text: of the boxcar. Inside we can see Helmut and the children
text: and HEAR their laughter.
text: The CAMERA PANS over to the staff car, where Scharff sits in
text: the front seat smoking a cigarette and waiting.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD SIDING - FULL SHOT - AFTERNOON
text: It is perhaps two hours later. Sergeant Hoffman is now
text: leaning wearily against the boxcar near the door. The CAMERA
text: PANS over to the staff car, where Scharff is dozing in the
dialog: back seat.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SERGEANT HOFFMAN
text: From within the boxcar we can HEAR Helmut SINGING softly to
text: the children. Sergeant Hoffman is listening. Finally he
text: takes something from his pocket, goes to the door of the
text: boxcar and sticks his head inside.
speaker_heading: INT BOXCAR
text: The children are scattered about, either sleeping or near
text: sleep, many of them cuddled close to Helmut, who sits near
text: the door with his back against the side of the car, crooning.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Clown. Clown, can you play one of
dialog: these?
text: He holds out a harmonica. Helmut leans over to get it, being
dialog: careful not to disturb the children.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: I got it to send home to my boy...
dialog: but if it'll help...
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HELMUT, HOFFMAN
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: It will. It will.
dialog: (he takes it)
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: You won't say anything to the
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I promise.
text: He leans back and looks at the harmonica, then he has a sudden
text: thought as Hoffman's head disappears. He leans back toward
text: the door.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Guard... guard.
text: Hoffman reappears at door.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: It's going to be dark soon. The
dialog: little ones may be afraid. Do you
dialog: think... well... could you get some
dialog: kind of a light for in here?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Want to get me in trouble?
text: Helmut nods that he understands Hoffman's situation.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: (trying to justify
dialog: himself)
dialog: I would if I could.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I know. I know you would.
text: Again Hoffman's face disappears. Helmut leans back and begins
text: experimenting with the harmonica. Actually he can play it
text: only slightly, but he manages to get some sort of soft tune
text: out of it. The CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY to include the
text: children, most of who are resting peacefully, secure in
text: Helmut's presence. But suddenly a little dark haired, dark-
text: eyed girl of about six, sits upright and cries out, frightened
text: by a bad dream. Helmut reacts. The child looks around the
text: boxcar as if she can't remember how she got there and begins
text: crying inconsolably. Some of the other children stir. Helmut
text: quickly but carefully disengages himself from the tots around
text: him and picks his way over to the girl. He kneels beside
text: her, and the CAMERA MOVES UP to --
scene_heading: TIGHT TWO SHOT - HELMUT, DARK-EYED GIRL
text: The child continues crying, but more softly, he wide wet
text: eyes on Helmut.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (gently)
dialog: What's the matter?
text: (she only stares at
dialog: him)
dialog: It's all right -- just a bad dream.
text: He tries to put a comforting arm around her, but she shrinks
text: away continuing to sob softly. Realizing that words won't
text: help, he turns to the harmonica for communication, serenading
text: her with a soft but sprightly tune of his own improvisation.
text: It is hardly a masterpiece, but it has the desired effect.
text: The girl stops sobbing, and when Helmut finishes the tune he
text: makes a real funny face and she timorously puts a hand up to
text: touch his make-up, but pulls it back quickly. With an
text: affectionate smile, Helmut takes her hand and runs it over
text: his face, pretending that her touch tickles him. As he
text: laughs, the child begins to smile faintly. He shows her the
text: traces of chalk make-up on her fingers, and she giggles.
text: His conquest is all but complete. He picks the youngster
text: up, and holding her like a dancing partner, pretends to dance
text: with her to a little tune he hums. She loves this and laughs
text: outright. When Helmut finally puts her down, he kisses her
text: on the cheek and turns his cheek in an unspoken request for
text: a return kiss. The girl shyly and quickly gives Helmut's
text: cheek a peck. Grinning, Helmut pats the spot where she kissed
dialog: him to show his appreciation for her wonderful gift.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: The older girl we saw earlier calls to him in a hushed voice.
speaker_heading: OLDER GIRL
dialog: Doork.
text: Helmut moves over and squats down beside her and the CAMERA
dialog: MOVES IN to --
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO SHOT - HELMUT, OLDER GIRL
speaker_heading: OLDER GIRL
dialog: Where are they sending us?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Don't know.
speaker_heading: OLDER GIRL
dialog: Do you have children?
text: Helmut looks around at the children. He smiles sadly.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I do now.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. STAFF CAR - NEAR DUSK
text: Scharff, dozing in the back seat, is awakened by the SOUND
text: of an approaching train o.s. He listens, glances at his
text: watch, shakes his head and gets out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD SIDING - NEAR DUSK
text: As Scharff strides to the boxcar, where Sergeant Hoffman has
text: also hear the locomotive. He salutes as Scharff comes up,
text: the CAMERA FOLLOWING him.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: It finally got here.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
text: Help them get the car coupled on.
dialog: We want to move it out of here as fast as possible. Be sure
dialog: the doors are locked. And, get the clown off.
text: Hoffman salutes, and Scharff moves off toward the approaching
text: locomotive and freight cars being backed up to the boxcar.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - FREIGHT TRAIN - (STOCK)
text: It is backing down the siding toward the boxcar.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SERGEANT HOFFMAN
text: With a cautious look around, he reaches under the waiting
text: boxcar and brings out a box-type, battery operated lantern.
text: He goes to the boxcar door and peers inside.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: (calling)
dialog: All right, clown, time to get off.
text: Helmut appears at the door and looks down.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: Train is here. They are hooking it
dialog: up now.
text: (he hoists the lantern
dialog: inside)
dialog: Here. Tell them not to light it up
text: until the doors are closed.
text: Helmut gives him a look of deep gratitude.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: And get off right now.
text: Just then the boxcar is jolted as the locomotive makes contact
text: and Hoffman runs off toward the front of the car.
scene_heading: INT. BOXCAR - EVENING
text: The jolt has awakened several of the children, who gather
text: around Helmut in the dimness of the car, frightened and
text: bewildered.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: We're moving. What's happening?
dialog: What was the noise? Doork, where
dialog: are we going?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (forced gaiety)
dialog: It's nothing. You're going for a
dialog: train ride. What do you think of
dialog: that? A real train ride.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: (pressing close --
dialog: sensing his anxiety)
dialog: Is it far? Are you coming, too? I
dialog: don't want a train ride.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Oh, it'll be fun. I would like to
dialog: come, but I don't think I can.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Please come, Doork. Please. Please.
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I can't. They want me to stay here.
text: There are cries from the children, whose pleading eyes make
text: Helmut terribly uncomfortable. He backs toward the door.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: But... I'll come to see you. Soon
dialog: as I can. And, I want you all to
dialog: promise me to be very good. No
text: crying.
text: The children stare at him silently, their eyes unconsciously
text: accusing. With him goes all their security. Helmut knows
text: it, but he has no choice. When he reaches the door...
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: If you want me... remember, just
dialog: close your eyes.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - LITTLE GIRL WITH THE DARK EYES
text: Wordlessly, she shuts her eyes -- tight.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - CHILDREN
text: Following the dark-eyed girl's example, the smaller children
text: one by one, close their eyes.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: Near tears with emotion, he wavers. Then with great control..
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (huskily)
dialog: Goodbye.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT
text: He turns and sits down on the floor of the car with his feet
text: hanging outside. He is just about to jump down when he is
text: stopped by a LOUD WAIL of anguish from one of the children
text: behind him. He turns and looks back at them.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - CHILDREN - HELMUT'S POV
text: A BOY of about six, one of the Czech youngsters, is crying
text: with the dejection of a lad who has just lost everything.
text: The other little Czechs and the older girl who first
text: recognized Helmut at the boxcar door are trying unsuccessfully
text: to console him. Between cooing and patting the boy's
text: shoulder, the girl throws accusing looks at Helmut.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE HELMUT
text: Uncertain what to do, Helmut glances around outside.
text: Satisfied that the train isn't going to move at once, he
text: gets up and goes to the children.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What's this now? Crying? After all
dialog: the fun we've had?
text: The boy only looks at Helmut and goes right on crying. Helmut
text: looks helplessly at the older girl.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: It's his birthday. He thought there
dialog: would be presents.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (to girl)
dialog: He's a Czech. Do you speak...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Of course not!
text: Helmut is angry with the girl because he really wants to get
text: off the train and yet can't because of the accusing look in
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Then how do you know it's his...
dialog: birthday?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (with typical child
dialog: logic)
dialog: He told me.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: He speaks German?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: But he told you it's his birthday?
text: The girl nods firmly as do the other children. The boy
text: watches it all, wide-eyed. Helmut figures to put an end to
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: What date is this?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (after thinking it
dialog: over)
dialog: Why, it's his birthday!
text: This is too much for Helmut to fathom. He turns his head
text: away, trying to think.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Don't you believe him?
text: Helmut turns back to them, looking first at the girl, then
text: at the boy, his little upturned tear-stained face full of
text: wonder. Helmut softens, recalling perhaps his own birthday
dialog: disappointment.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Of course, I do.
dialog: (pats boy's head)
dialog: Tell him I wish him a happy birthday.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: He knows that. But... but what're
dialog: you going to do about a present?
text: Helmut fans his clothes, finds the harmonica and produces it
text: with a flourish.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Aha, the very thing. He can be the
dialog: clown while I'm gone.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING THE CZECH BOY
text: As Helmut bows and holds out the harmonica to him.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Happy birthday.
text: The boy looks solemnly at Helmut and the harmonica. He
text: doesn't quite seem to understand what this is all about, but
text: the harmonica is enticing. He looks up at his countrymen
text: for encouragement. They smile at him, and he takes the
text: harmonica, examines it, then blows into it experimentally.
text: When he hears the SOUND that comes out, he brightens. Then
text: the little girl with the rag doll comes forward and offers
text: it to the boy. He looks at her strangely, one of the older
text: German boys scoffs.
speaker_heading: GERMAN BOY
dialog: He's a boy! Dolls are for girls.
text: The little girl is hurt, and looks to Helmut for support.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: When you give something you love...
dialog: it doesn't matter if it's the right
dialog: thing.
text: He takes the doll and puts one of it's hands in the boy's
text: hand, the other in the little girl's. They stand looking at
text: each other and sharing the doll. Helmut looks towards the
text: door apprehensively, but there seems to be no action outside --
text: and there are the eyes of the children on him.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Maybe we have time for a birthday
dialog: game. A quick one. Let me take a
dialog: look.
scene_heading: INT. BOXCAR - FULL SHOT
text: Helmut goes back to the door. He glances around outside.
text: There still seems to be time. He returns to the children.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: Everybody line up behind me now, and
dialog: I'll show you how a train goes.
dialog: Wait -- the harmonica.
text: Helmut looks around for the new owner of the harmonica. He
text: goes over to him.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: May I borrow it back... for just a
dialog: minute or two?
text: The boy studies him dubiously with that "Indian-giver" look
text: in his eyes.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: For just a minute -- then I'll give
dialog: it right back to you.
dialog: (trying a sort of
dialog: sign language)
dialog: Just for the game.
text: Finally the boy hands over the harmonica and manages a smile
text: because he sees all the other children smiling at him.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Good. Now everybody... line up
dialog: behind me.
text: The children scramble into line behind him. Helmut looks
text: back at them.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: Grab hold of the one in front of
dialog: you... 'cause we're going to be a
text: fast express train.
text: The children, laughing and giggling, grab hold of one another.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (calling out)
text: All aboard. All aboard.
text: He puts the harmonica to his lips and begins huffing and
text: puffing on it, imitating a train. He begins to shuffle his
text: feet and move slowly down the side of the car... the children
text: holding on for dear life and following him... their eyes
text: shining with expectation as Helmut begins to quicken his
dialog: pace.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOXCAR - NEARLY DARK
text: Dim shafts of light from the two small square vent openings
text: near the top on each side, gives the boxcar an eerie look.
text: Helmut stops abruptly as he hears the slamming of the door.
text: The children pile up behind him.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: WAIT!
text: He moves quickly to the door and tugs at it. Finding it
text: locked, he pounds on it.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Open the door! Let me out... LET
dialog: ME OUT!
text: But the train NOISES drown his voice. Then the boxcar
text: suddenly lurches and starts to move forward. Helmut's
text: pounding weakens and stops. He turns from the door, his
text: face reflecting his fright. The children, not quite
text: understanding what has happened, gather around him, and pull
text: on him. He manages to control his fear, and looking at the
text: children, he manages a big smile.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Guess I'm going with you after all.
text: He switches on the lantern and holds it high so its rays
dialog: cover all the children.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: Let's play some more, Doork?
text: Helmut glances down at the tot, started by the suggestion.
text: Then he nods in a stunned sort of way. He puts the harmonica
text: to his mouth and begins puffing on it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD SIDING - EVENING
text: Scharff and Sergeant Hoffman stand watching the boxcar move
dialog: away.
scene_heading: MED. TWO SHOT - SCHARFF, HOFFMAN
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: I'm glad that's over. Call in the
dialog: sentries.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He starts to move away.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Kessler in the car?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: Kessler?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: The clown?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: I... I guess he is, sir.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: You GUESS!
text: Scharff races to the car with Sergeant Hoffman right behind
text: him. The CAMERA FOLLOWS them.
text: Scharff peers inside and finds the car empty. With an angry
text: glance at Hoffman, he hurries to the truck and looks in the
text: cab. It too is empty.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: (moving back toward
dialog: Hoffman)
dialog: I told you to get him off the train.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: I told him, sir. HE was standing
dialog: right by the door. I'm sure he got
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Did you see him?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: Why, I...
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: DID you?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: You told me to see that the car was
dialog: coupled on. When I came back...
dialog: Why wouldn't he get off?
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: Idiot!
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Guards. GUARDS!
text: The other soldiers come running from o.s.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
text: The clown prisoner is missing. He
text: may have escaped. Search the area.
dialog: If he got off the train he must be
dialog: around here someplace.
text: The soldiers rush o.s. into the deepening darkness.
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO SHOT - SCHARFF, HOFFMAN
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: You know what happens if he gets
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HOFFMAN
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: He can't get very far.
text: Scharff looks o.s. after the disappearing train.
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: If he's on that train -- he's going
dialog: farther than you know ---
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - TRAIN - EVENING (STOCK)
text: The rear of the boxcar is just disappearing from sight in
dialog: the darkness.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - SCHARFF
speaker_heading: SCHARFF
dialog: ... or he knows.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOXCAR - MOVING - DAY
text: It is the next morning. Light is coming from the vents and
text: the lantern which hangs from a peg in the middle of the right
text: side of the car. Helmut is asleep on the floor with the
text: children huddled around him. He lies on his side with one
text: arm thrown protectively over the little Czech girl, Inga,
text: and Willie. Behind him, the Czech birthday boy and the girl
text: with the doll are cuddled close to him. Other youngsters
text: have their heads on his legs and feet, and all are as close
text: to him as they can get.
text: He is, in fact, a sort of human bed. From the train NOISES
text: o.s. we can tell that the freight train is slowing down.
text: Then, with a jolt, it stops, and o.s. we HEAR a truck engine
text: approaching. Helmut stirs and sits up, trying to get his
text: bearings. This arouses some of the children and they too
text: sit up and look around.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: What is it? Are we there, Doork?
dialog: Where are we? Why are we stopping?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I don't know.
text: He untangles himself, rises and stretches his numbed arms
text: and legs. He starts toward the door, but it slides open
text: suddenly and a BURLY GUARD vaults inside. Behind him we
text: see a truck similar to a moving van being backed up to the
text: boxcar. Helmut blinks uncertainly at the light pouring
text: through the door.
speaker_heading: BURLY GUARD
text: Everybody up. No noise.
text: The children are too startled to move. The guard notices
text: Helmut and reacts.
speaker_heading: BURLY GUARD
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: BURLY GUARD
dialog: How the devil did you get in here?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I... I'm from the other prison. Got
text: locked in -- by accident.
speaker_heading: BURLY GUARD
dialog: Ah, for...
dialog: (shouting out the
dialog: door)
dialog: Sergeant!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT BOXCAR - DAY
text: We see now that the train has stopped at an isolated siding.
text: The truck has backed up almost to the door of the boxcar. A
text: SERGEANT climbs down from the cab of the van and hurries to
text: the boxcar door, the CAMERA PANNING him there.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: BURLY GUARD
dialog: Look at this. He's from the other
dialog: camp. Got in here with the shipment.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: How did that happen?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I... I was taking care of the children
dialog: back there and... accidentally got
text: locked in.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Of all the... What's your name?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: (realizing he's in
dialog: big trouble)
dialog: Doork. Helmut Doork.
text: The Sergeant fumes for a moment, then...
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (to the guard)
text: Put him in the truck with the others.
dialog: And, let's get going.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOXCAR - DAY
text: ANGLE to the door as the Sergeant disappears. Reaching out,
text: the Burly Guard lowers the tailgate of the truck so that it
text: forms a bridge to the boxcar.
speaker_heading: BURLY GUARD
dialog: (to the children)
dialog: All right, in the truck, quick now!
text: The children, most of whom are on their feet now, hesitate,
text: looking to Helmut for guidance. The guard seizes one
text: youngster and shoves him toward the door. Instead, however,
text: the child flies to Helmut and grabs him around the legs.
speaker_heading: BURLY GUARD
dialog: I said move!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Wait. Let me.
dialog: (to the children)
dialog: Everybody up. Come on. Up, up, up.
text: He moves around, helping the still seated children to their
dialog: feet. When they're all up...
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (to Helmut)
dialog: Not you.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Don't you want me to stay with them?
dialog: They'll be frightened without me.
speaker_heading: BURLY GUARD
dialog: Not for long, they won't.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (to guard)
dialog: That's enough. Get them inside and
dialog: keep them quiet.
text: Burly guard starts to prod the children but they don't move,
text: their eyes are fixed on Helmut.
speaker_heading: BURLY GUARD
dialog: (threateningly)
speaker_heading: MOVE!
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Do as he says. And, don't worry,
dialog: I'll be with you soon. I promise.
text: Reluctantly, the children march off. They look back
text: frequently at Helmut who waves to them.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (to Helmut)
dialog: Come along, now.
text: They walk over to a two-story building. Helmut looks back
text: in the direction of the children, then looks about the camp.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: This is just another prison.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: What'd you expect?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I thought the children were going to
dialog: a better place.
text: The Sergeant, with an incredulous look on his face, stares
dialog: at Helmut.
scene_heading: INT. CELL - DAY
text: The cell is a small, bare cubicle containing only a cot and
text: an open toilet. In the wall, fronting on the prison yard,
text: there is a small barred window. Helmut stops pacing and
text: moves over to it, and looks out. The CAMERA SWINGS so that
text: it is SHOOTING PAST Helmut's head through the window. At
text: the far end of the yard we can see the windowless stone
text: buildings. As Helmut stares out at them, we HEAR approaching
text: footsteps. Helmut stiffens, turns toward the door as the
text: SOUND of the footsteps grows louder and louder.
text: The CAMERA SWINGS toward the door as it opens to reveal
text: CAPTAIN CURT RUNKEL, a slender, impeccably groomed and
text: thoroughly Nazified officer of the elite S.S. He is the
text: embodiment of all Hitlerian ideals. Runkel strides into the
dialog: cell.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: (over shoulder to
dialog: guard at door)
dialog: Close the door, and wait out there.
text: Guard closes the door. Runkel studies Helmut coldly. Without
text: taking his eyes off Helmut, he pulls out a cigarette case,
text: takes out cigarette, lights it and slowly inhales.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: You're a remarkable man. Very
dialog: remarkable.
text: Helmut stirs uneasily.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: Have you any idea where you are?
text: Helmut shakes his head.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: Auschwitz. This is Auschwitz.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Mean anything to you?
dialog: (before Helmut can
dialog: answer)
dialog: You may have observed we're enlarging
dialog: our facilities.
text: He moves over to the window and looks out, puffing slowly on
dialog: his cigarette.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: Still a great deal of work to be
dialog: done.
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: It's going to be our most efficient,
dialog: most modern prison.
dialog: (he turns and smiles)
dialog: And, I might add, most unique.
text: (walks back towards
text: Helmut, studying him
dialog: carefully)
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: Yes, you are a remarkable man. I
dialog: always wonder about remarkable men.
dialog: (then evenly)
dialog: Why did you come here?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I explained. I got locked in the
dialog: boxcar and...
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: (cuts in - still bland)
dialog: Ah, yes. An accident. Unavoidable
dialog: I suppose.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I was taking care -- I mean, the
dialog: Commandant requested me to take care
dialog: of the children.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: (a slight note of
dialog: mockery)
dialog: The Commandant!
text: Runkel tosses his cigarette on the floor and very deliberately
text: grinds it out with his boot.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: I've spoken to YOUR Commandant. He
dialog: hs you listed as an escaped prisoner.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Escaped! But...
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: (finishing it for him)
dialog: ... it was an accident.
dialog: (his face close to
dialog: Helmut's)
dialog: Are you one of them, clown?
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (terrorized at the
dialog: thought of death)
dialog: No... no! I'm not one of them. I'm
dialog: not !
text: Runkel smiles, moves away from Helmut.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: You misunderstand completely. The
dialog: Judas goat is never killed. He isn't
dialog: worth killing.
dialog: (moves to cell door)
dialog: I'm just asking you to lead them.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING HELMUT
text: His eyes plead, "No. I can't do it. No."
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: Not... even to save your own life?
text: For a brief moment, Helmut struggles to find the courage to
text: stand up to Runkel -- but he has no courage and he sinks
text: slowly to his knees, his head bowed.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - RUNKEL
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: (victorious)
dialog: I'm glad to see you're not a self-
dialog: appointed martyr.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HELMUT, RUNKEL
text: Runkel towers above Helmut who sits back on his haunches,
text: leaning against the wall.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: Just think! Now you're really one
dialog: of us.
text: The truth of Runkel's remark hits Helmut like a devastating
text: blow. He turns his face to the wall in shame. Runkel walks
text: to the door, raps on it, the guard outside swings it open.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (attempting to get to
dialog: his feet)
dialog: Sir... Sir... could I... could I
dialog: have a little time with them before
dialog: ... before...
text: His voice trails off. Runkel looks at Helmut while he thinks
text: it over. He moves back to the middle of the cell.
speaker_heading: RUNKEL
dialog: Yes. Yes, of course.
text: (he looks at his watch)
dialog: I can give you about half an hour.
dialog: (a little smile lights
dialog: his face)
dialog: You see, we're not heartless men
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDRENS' HUT - DAY
text: ANGLE to the door as Helmut and the Sergeant approach from
text: o.s. Helmut has freshened his make-up.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Remember what I told you.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: There won't be any trouble.
text: Helmut goes to the door and starts to open it. The CAMERA
dialog: MOVES UP to --
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: With a great effort, he composes himself and throws open the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHILDRENS' HUT - DAY
text: ANGLE to the door, where Helmut stands wearing an enormous
text: grin. The children are about the barren room in little
text: groups. When they see Helmut, they leap up and run to him,
text: clinging to him as he closes the door behind him and moves
text: into the room.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: Doork, Doork, you came back. You
dialog: came back. We thought you'd left
dialog: us. Don't leave us, Doork.
text: The children continue to ad lib expressions of mingled fear
text: and delight at his return. Helmut goes among them, patting
text: their heads comfortingly.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: There. There. It's all right. It's
dialog: all right. Everything is going to
dialog: be all right.
text: When the youngsters are calmed, Helmut holds up his hands
dialog: for silence.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Now I want everyone to put on a big
dialog: smile and sit down, because we're
dialog: going to have more fun than we've
dialog: ever had.
text: Slowly, still unconvinced that they have nothing to fear,
text: the children sit on the floor.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Good. We'll start by seeing that we
dialog: all have our names on our heads.
text: The children begin to lower their heads so Helmut can check
dialog: to see if their names are still there.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
text: (as he moves among
dialog: them)
dialog: Yes, yes. There's Fritz, Maria,
dialog: Sadie, Inga, Josef, Nathan, Helga,
dialog: Willie...
text: The little girl with the rag doll holds up the doll for Helmut
dialog: to see.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Ah, yes, Frederika! Good. I see
dialog: all of your names.
text: This is almost too much for Helmut, but he manages to control
text: himself by turning away for a beat. Then he turns back to
text: the children, his big smile back in place.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Now... on with the show. Just watch
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - CHILDREN
text: Their little faces are troubled, worried.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - CHILDREN
text: It is a half hour later, and now the children are laughing
text: at something Helmut is doing o.s. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to --
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE GROUP
text: Helmut is walking an imaginary tightrope. Every few steps
text: he almost loses his balance, but with comical gyrations he
text: manages to complete the walk. He bows deeply to the children --
text: and falls flat on his face. The youngsters laugh, applaud
text: and squeal delightedly.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HELMUT, WILLIE
text: Helmut is lying on the floor near the boy. He looks up at
text: the tot and grins.
speaker_heading: WILLIE
dialog: Doork! Doork... you're great !
text: Helmut grabs Willie and holds him close while he fights back
text: his tears. Willie plants a big kiss on his cheek. Helmut
text: scrambles to his feet, the CAMERA PULLING BACK to --
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: SHOOTING PAST Helmut to the door as it opens, revealing the
text: Sergeant, his face expressionless. Helmut reacts.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (to Helmut)
dialog: It's time.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Just a few more minutes?
text: The sergeant shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: I'll bring them.
text: The children are watching him, puzzled.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: What's the matter, Doork? Where are
dialog: we going? You come with us this
dialog: time. Where're they taking us.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (trying to think what
dialog: to say)
dialog: They... they want us to move to
dialog: another building... where we'll have
dialog: more room... to play.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Tell you what. Let's make it a big
dialog: circus parade. Everybody get in a
dialog: line behind...
text: He picks up Willie and stands him near the door.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... behind Willie here.
text: The children scramble up and begin forming a line behind the
text: very proud Willie. Helmut looks around for the boy with the
dialog: harmonica.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: Now, where's our band? The harmonica?
text: He sees the boy and goes to him. Helmut pantomimes playing
text: the harmonica and points to himself. The boy smiles widely,
text: fishes the harmonica out of his pocket and holds it up.
speaker_heading: HELMUT
dialog: There we are? Everybody ready?
dialog: Here we go.
text: Helmut takes his place at the head of the line, like the
text: Pied Piper, leads the youngsters out the door, playing a
text: crude sort of circus parade music. The little children giggle
text: excitedly as they troupe out. The older ones seem less
text: certain, but as long as Helmut is with them, they feel secure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - DAY
text: As the procession of youngsters emerges from the barracks
text: with Helmut dancing along at its head. The Sergeant and the
text: other two Guards stand watching in disbelief as the line
text: turns and moves along toward the first of the windowless
dialog: buildings.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - SERGEANT, GUARDS
text: They look at each other incredulously. What they are seeing
text: surpasses their imagination.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - HELMUT, CHILDREN
text: SHOOTING from a HIGH ANGLE as the procession moves toward
text: the CAMERA. Helmut looks back at his charges from time to
text: time, smiling and waving and always puffing away on the
text: harmonica. The children smile back, some timidly and some a
text: bit fearfully, but all smile.
speaker_heading: PAN SHOT - PARADE
text: CAMERA PANS in on the children as they march behind Helmut.
text: We see some of them strutting, their little arms swinging
text: freely. Some of the little ones have to skip to keep up
text: with the others. They are all smiling.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: With each step, Helmut looks about, his eyes searching heaven,
dialog: praying for the miracle that will save the children... the
text: sudden blast of thunder, the striking down of the guards.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SERGEANT, GUARDS
text: As they follow the parade warily, almost as if expecting a
text: trick. They wear scowls worn into their faces by long use.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BUILDING - HELMUT'S POV
text: Its steel door gapes open. Through the open doorway we can
text: see a bare room in which what appears to be shower heads
text: jutting from the wall. A single ceiling light gives the
text: room a stark appearance. The CAMERA PULLS BACK and UP as
text: the procession comes up toward the building.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: Despair fills his eyes as he realizes that there is to be no
text: miracle. He looks ahead into the room, his courage fails
text: him and he stops so abruptly that the children behind him
text: run into his legs. He turns and looks at them, then back to
text: the door.
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: Almost reluctantly, Helmut stands aside. He tries to smile,
text: but the result is almost grotesque. He tries to speak, but
text: no words come. The Sergeant and the guard drift up toward
text: him, scowling. Gently, Helmut tousles the hair of little
text: Willie and steers him through the door into the room. The
text: other children follow him hesitantly. Helmut puts the
text: harmonica to his lips and begins playing again.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - TAKING IN SERGEANT AND GUARDS
speaker_heading: FIRST GUARD
dialog: Their clothes! They've got to
text: undress.
text: The sergeant starts to move toward the line of children, the
text: Sergeant grabs his arm and stops him.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Leave them alone.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, CHILDREN
text: SHOOTING over Helmut's shoulder down at the children as they
text: file past him. Each one hesitates a beat before him and
text: looks up at him.
text: Their faces are wondering, but trusting. They smile
text: tentatively. Only the little girl with the doll hangs back,
text: waiting for something rather than fearful of entering. When
text: all of the other children have gone in, she goes up to Helmut
text: and wordlessly holds out her hand in a silent request to
text: enter with him. In her eyes is the absolute certainty that
dialog: he will.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT - LITTLE GIRL'S POV
text: He looks down at her hand for a long beat.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - HELMUT, LITTLE GIRL
text: The little girl waits for Helmut, but he doesn't take her
text: hand. Shyly, she begins to withdraw it. Suddenly, Helmut
text: reaches out and grabs her hand, clutching it desperately as
text: he needs her innocence to control the panic that is tearing
text: at him. Holding on to her to steady himself, they walk
text: together into the room, the CAMERA PANNING with them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER - DAY
text: ANGLE to the door as Helmut and little girl enter. Suddenly,
text: the door slams shut behind them. Helmut whirls to it
text: instinctively, as if to shove it open or cry out for help,
text: but he does neither.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HELMUT
text: His face is pressed against the steel door. He fights the
text: panic within him. Then, he quickly wipes his eyes and turns
text: back towards the children. Slowly he takes three chunks of
text: stale bread from his coat pocket and begins juggling them,
text: at the same time waggling his head from side to side, slowly
text: at first, then more gaily. From deep inside him comes a
text: tiny, tiny laugh. The CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY to reveal
text: the children in the f.g. Suddenly, Helmut tosses the pieces
text: of bread high, high into the air and stretches out his arms
text: to encompass all the children. As they gather around him,
text: they take up his soft laugh, timidly at first, then more
text: assuredly until the chamber resounds with gentle laughter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: IF ANOTHER MAN'S CHILD IS THREATENED AND YOU MOVE NOT TO
scene_heading: PROTECT IT, THE CHILDREN OF ALL MEN ARE IN JEOPARDY AND YOU
text: STAND AS GUILTY AS THOSE WHO THREATEN.
speaker_heading: JOHN F. O'BRIEN
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
