dialog: 
scene_heading: THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE
dialog: By
dialog: Dean Georgaris
dialog: Based on the novel by Richard Condon
dialog: and the screenplay by George Axelrod
dialog: Current revisions by
dialog: Daniel Pyne, August 18, 2003
speaker_heading: IN BLACK:
text: 1 Restless bodies. Scuffing of feet. Somebody coughs. 1
speaker_heading: MARCO'S VOICE
dialog: Approximately sixty four hundred hours
dialog: before Desert Storm, we were on a routine
text: recon inside Iraqi-controlled terrain,
dialog: assessing troop strength for what Saddam
dialog: Hussein promised to be the mother of all
dialog: wars ... but turned out to be just a
dialog: little warm up for the whomping he got a
dialog: few years later.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 2 EXT. DESERT - NIGHT 2
text: PROWLING ACROSS undulating land dotted with BURNING OIL
text: WELLS that give the vague impression of, well, hell. The
text: inky sky is awash with stars.
text: ON THE CREST OF A DUNE
text: A U.S. ARMY BRADLEY FIGHTING VEHICLE and matching HUMMER
dialog: sit, waiting.
speaker_heading: KUWAIT, 1991
text: Muffled THUMP of rap music thrums from the Bradley, and low
text: voices stray from the open doors of the Hummer.
speaker_heading: MARCO (O.S.)
dialog: Why can't we go directly in ...
scene_heading: 3 INT./EXT. THE HUMMER - NIGHT 3
text: A topographical MAP glows on the LCD screen of a laptop
text: portable, faintly lighting the faces of CAPT. BEN MARCO and
text: his big, gentle, French guide, LAURENT TOKAR.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: ... this way --?
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: Yes, well -- I see the Captain enjoys the
dialog: road less travelled.
text: Marco is seemingly unflappable, completely engaged by life.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: The Captain enjoys not dragging his ass
dialog: down the highway for every Tom, Dick and
text: Qadhafi to take a whack at.
text: Laurent swings his finger on the arc of approach.
dialog: 8/18/03 2.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: Well. Of course it is very bad, here.
dialog: And here. And here, here, here, here --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Mines?
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: Tricky. Swedish-made.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Dammit.
dialog: He refers to some satellite surveillance maps --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Nobody at Command said anything about --
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: Exxon and Global Petroleum hired private
dialog: contractors to do the work in '86, as
dialog: part of their asset security program.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hired an Iraqi firm, in fact, who, now,
dialog: well -- only they know where the little
text: Nordic fuckers are planted.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (turns away)
dialog: Sgt. Shaw!
dialog: No response.
text: And we RUSH TOWARD: A SOLDIER IN A LAWN CHAIR, face lifted
text: to the heavens, sitting directly between the two armored
text: vehicles. This is SGT. RAYMOND PRENTISS SHAW, late
text: twenties, haunted and aloof.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (suddenly behind him)
dialog: Sergeant.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: MARCO
text: Rolling in two minutes.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes sir.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Everything okay?
dialog: 8/18/03 3.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes, Captain. Everything's fine. Here.
dialog: (standing up)
dialog: I'll "rally" the troops.
scene_heading: 4 INT. THE BRADLEY FIGHTING VEHICLE - NIGHT 4
text: MUSIC blares around eight soldiers, including wiseguy PFC.
text: ED MAVOLE, crowded into space designed for four --
speaker_heading: MAVOLE
dialog: Yo Melvin. You gonna play that hand, or
dialog: hatch it?
text: -- CPL. AL MELVIN grunts, then they all look up, almost in
text: unison, at Raymond when he swings open the back door. PFC.
text: BOBBY BAKER, a slender man, barely eighteen, a driver,
text: ejects a CD from the onboard stereo. Silence.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: We're moving out.
text: Beat. He shuts the door again.
scene_heading: 5 EXT. THE BRADLEY - NIGHT 5
text: Raymond waits. Another beat. Then some LAUGHTER from
text: inside the vehicle.
text: He shifts his shoulders, walks back into the darkness.
speaker_heading: 6 OMITTED 6
speaker_heading: 7 OMITTED 7
scene_heading: 8 INT. HUMMER - NIGHT - TRAVELLING 8
text: Marco, bug-like in night goggles, drives the infamous
text: Highway of Death -- a macabre landscape of abandoned cars,
text: trucks, minivans, shopping baskets, broken wooden pushcarts
text: and festering fires; pots and pans and clothes and personal
text: belongings are scattered out into the desert on either side
text: of the road. Laurent rides shotgun. Raymond is in the
text: back, facing forward, rifle at ease.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Captain?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Sergeant?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Why don't I ever ride in the Bradley with
dialog: the other enlisted personnel?
dialog: 8/18/03 4.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Maybe I enjoy your company, Sergeant.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Sir, I don't want to be singled out for
dialog: special treatment because of my mother's
dialog: position --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Too late for that, Shaw. As a charter
dialog: member of the Lucky Sperm Club your
dialog: benefits include unlimited suck-up from
dialog: High-ranking Officers hoping to curry
dialog: Congressional favor for their future
dialog: career moves. But. If you want to ride
dialog: in the Bradley, hey, I got no objections.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Trust me, sir, I don't wish to ride in
dialog: the Bradley with the others, I'm just ...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The men don't care for me very much.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No, they don't. But. On the plus side,
dialog: you don't really like them, either.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: That's absolutely correct, Captain.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: So. See? It, you know. Balances out.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: -- Uh-oh.
text: Marco follows Laurent's gaze out the side window --
scene_heading: 9 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES: JUST OVER A DUNE 9
text: SOLDIERS ON CAMELS slip along like ghosts, pacing the
text: Hummer, parallel at maybe fifty yards --
speaker_heading: WHIP PAN
text: Through the driver's side window: more of the CAMEL CAVALRY
dialog: tracks with them --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Camels. You gotta be kidding me.
scene_heading: 10 BACK TO - HUMMER - MARCO 10
text: glancing to his rear-view mirror --
dialog: 8/18/03 5.
scene_heading: 11 IN THE MIRROR - ON THE ROAD BEHIND THEM: 11
text: Two dark trucks converge suddenly out of the darkness, on
dialog: either side of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle --
text: They SLAM together in a pincer-wedge just in front of it,
text: and the Bradley CRASHES into them -- climbs over them, off-
text: balance, and SMASHES DOWN onto the roof of one of the trucks
text: and is effectively low-bridged -- tracks spinning, unable to
text: move -- DARK FIGURES scurry from the trucks.
text: 12 THE HUMMER -- skids around in a tight 180, stops, facing 12
text: back at the helpless Bradley. Automatic weapons fire in
text: bursts, bright, and ricochet harmlessly away --
text: IN THE HUMMER -- MARCO scrambles up out of his seat, pops
text: the roof hatch and screams at Raymond --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Take the wheel, Sergeant!
scene_heading: 13 EXT. HUMMER - NIGHT 13
text: -- as Marco emerges to take the handles of the roof-mounted
text: machine gun -- drops his NVGs back over his eyes and FIRES
text: at the dispersing enemy figures around the Bradley --
scene_heading: 14 INT. BRADLEY FIGHTING VEHICLE - NIGHT 14
text: Marco's cover fire RATTLES insanely off the armor --
speaker_heading: MAVOLE BAKER
dialog: (screaming) (overlapping)
text: LOCK AND LOAD! LOCK AND I CAN'T GET US OFF THIS
dialog: LOAD! TRUCK!
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Quarter million dollars of U.S. Army
text: hardware rat-fucked by a coupla used
dialog: Toyotas.
text: He grabs a fire extinguisher and aims it at flames flaring
text: from a console of instruments.
speaker_heading: 15 OMITTED 15
speaker_heading: 16 OMITTED 16
scene_heading: 17 EXT. MARCO'S NIGHT VISION GOGGLES: THE DESERT 17
text: TRACER BULLETS. A lone enemy SOLDIER runs forward lugging a
text: personal rocket launcher -- disappears behind a dune --
text: 18 MARCO -- coming off the machine gun, grabbing Raymond's 18
text: rifle and rolling toward the back of the Hummer -- as he
text: kicks out of the rear door --
dialog: 8/18/03 6.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Shaw! Sniper with an RPG! DON'T STOP!
scene_heading: 19 EXT. HUMMER - CONTINUOUS 19
text: -- Marco is firing before his feet touch the ground.
scene_heading: 20 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES: THE DESERT 20
text: Rocket Launcher man does a face-plant in the sand.
text: 21 THE BRADLEY -- its rear door HEAVES OPEN and our guys spill 21
text: out, coughing, hacking, guns ready.
text: 22 THE HUMMER - SAME TIME -- careens suddenly away, exposing a 22
text: surprised Marco -- Raymond has lost control, fishtails into
text: a deep trough -- the Hummer lurches onto its side, engine
text: racing -- wheels spinning uselessly in air -- stalling --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Oh shit, Shaw --
text: 23 ANOTHER ENEMY WITH A ROCKET LAUNCHER -- slides around an 23
text: overturned trailer and FIRES:
speaker_heading: 24 OMITTED 24
text: 25 THE ROCKET hits the Bradley Fighting Vehicle at a slant into 25
text: its exposed belly, and the truck EXPLODES -- Marco's team
text: scattering, pressing themselves into the sand, covering
dialog: their heads --
speaker_heading: A BOY'S VOICE
dialog: (amplified)
dialog: Were you scared?
text: THICK DARK SMOKE momentarily blankets the road. Silence.
scene_heading: FLASH FORWARD: A YOUNG BOY SCOUT - DAY 26
dialog: 26
text: waiting for an answer, stares earnestly upward at:
scene_heading: FLASH FORWARD: MAJOR BEN MARCO - DAY
text: behind a podium, in his crisp dress uniform. His current
text: self: older, tired. Lost for a moment.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Scared?
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: You don't really have time to be scared.
text: Uneasy rustling of an o.s. audience. Somebody coughs. An
text: air-conditioner KICKS IN, rumbling, becoming --
dialog: 8/18/03 7.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. THE KUWAITI HIGHWAY - NIGHT - MARCO 27
text: raises his head. SEES:
text: -- the Bradley, in flames.
text: -- the Hummer, on its side in the ditch, headlights aglow --
text: -- shadows of enemy soldiers, retreating across the dunes.
text: -- MILITARY HELICOPTERS materializing out of the smoke and
text: darkness ... circling ... NO SOUND --
speaker_heading: MARCO (V.O.)
dialog: I couldn't hear anything, as I was
text: temporarily deaf from the explosion of
dialog: the Bradley ...
text: -- SOLDIERS WITH GAS MASKS lean out of the open doors of the
text: helicopters and drop GAS CANISTERS down on Marco's team.
scene_heading: IN SLOWING MOTION:
text: 28 MARCO'S SQUAD -- the effect of the gas is immediate: Mavole 28
text: collapses in his tracks. Melvin points a gun skyward and
text: FIRES a burst that goes harmlessly wide of a helicopter.
scene_heading: Then he falls on his back. HEAVY, LUMINOUS, YELLOW-ORANGE
text: VAPOR swirls across the battle --
text: WITH MARCO -- his shirt pulled up over his mouth and nose,
text: he wheels to get away from the drifting gas, feet unsteady.
text: Grabs a dazed Bobby Baker by the collar --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I got your back, Baker. I got ...
text: -- and tries to pull him to safety ... knees buckling ... he
dialog: looks up:
text: 29 MARCO'S P.O.V. - THE HUMMER -- is no longer stalled on its 29
text: side in the ditch, but improbably is righted again, back on
text: four wheels and attacking. A vision of Raymond behind the
text: machine gun, firing at the advancing enemy --
text: WITH MARCO -- trying to process this. Coughing. Fading.
speaker_heading: 30 OMITTED 30
scene_heading: FLASH FORWARD: MAJOR BEN MARCO 31
dialog: 31
text: Behind the podium. Takes a sip of water, then:
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- and with complete disregard for his
dialog: own life and safety, Sgt. Shaw single-
dialog: handedly engaged an entire company of the
dialog: enemy --
dialog: 8/18/03 8.
scene_heading: FLASH FORWARD: MAJOR MARCO
text: Behind the podium, repeating himself:
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- of the enemy --
scene_heading: 32 EXT. KUWAITI TWO-LANE - NIGHT 32
text: The Hummer weaves through the wreckage, one of its tires
text: WHIRLING IN FLAMES -- Raymond has the machine gun SPITTING
text: BULLETS recklessly at the helicopters like a cartoon hero --
scene_heading: 33 RESUME: MARCO 33
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (rote)
text: Sgt. Shaw repeatedly attacked from a
dialog: mobile position, confounding the enemy --
scene_heading: 34 EXT. KUWAITI TWO-LANE - NIGHT 34
text: One of the helicopters EXPLODES, the other spins away,
text: trailing smoke and flames.
speaker_heading: MARCO (V.O.)
dialog: -- neutralizing his aerial support --
speaker_heading: RESUME: MARCO 35
dialog: 35
text: Behind the podium.
speaker_heading: MARCO
text: -- and finally dividing and defeating an
text: overwhelmingly superior force.
scene_heading: 36 INT. HIGH SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - CONTINUOUS 36
text: A Boy Scout luncheon banquet.
scene_heading: WASHINGTON D.C., NOW
text: A full chicken buffet table, banners, flags, and over one
text: hundred SCOUTS, LEADERS and DADS, all looking somewhat
text: attentively up at the guest speaker, U.S. Army Major Ben
dialog: Marco.
speaker_heading: MARCO
text: Like Edmonds in Korea, Holderman in Viet
dialog: Nam, Raymond Shaw was awarded the
dialog: Congressional Medal of Honor. I signed
dialog: the recommendation myself.
text: A hand shoots up. Marco nods toward it.
dialog: 8/18/03 9.
scene_heading: ANOTHER SCOUT
dialog: Were you wounded?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I was --
scene_heading: FB36 FLASH: MARCO ON THE KUWAITI TWO-LANE FB36
text: Turning away from the overturned Humvee, and right into a
text: head-high rifle-butt swung by the hands and arms of a gas
text: mask-wearing figure.
scene_heading: RESUME - AUDITORIUM - MARCO
text: He blinks.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- injured. I fell, had a, uh,
dialog: concussion -- lost focus -- Sgt. Shaw
dialog: took command --
text: A disheveled man comes into the back of the room noisily,
dialog: as:
speaker_heading: SCOUT DAD
dialog: Did your unit sustain any casualties?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yes. Two. Two of my people were killed.
text: Silence. No more questions. The disheveled man (MELVIN)
text: coughs. Marco pointedly ignores him.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: The Medal of Honor is the highest award
dialog: to which any soldier can aspire. From
text: the jungles of Iwo Jima to the desert of
dialog: Kuwait, what these brave men I've talked
dialog: about today did will never be forgotten.
dialog: Since 1917, only 827 medals have been
dialog: given to a total of more than 30 million
dialog: Americans in arms. Only three have been
dialog: awarded in the last 40 years. Who knows?
dialog: Maybe someday one of you fine boys will
dialog: earn one yourself in defense of this
dialog: great nation.
text: A SCOUTMASTER, thin, bearded, stands up:
speaker_heading: SCOUTMASTER
dialog: Major Marco, on behalf of Troops 484 and
dialog: 488 -- just like to thank you, for coming
dialog: to talk to us, about the Medal of Honor,
dialog: and your interesting experiences in the
dialog: Armed Services.
dialog: 8/18/03 10.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Thanks for listening. My family has
dialog: claimed the Army as a trade ever since a
text: young gunnery officer who grew up with
dialog: Hernando De Soto left Spain for a look at
dialog: the upper Mississippi.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My life is in service to my country.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: You ever wish it'd been you?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Won the medal. Been the hero.
text: Something causes Marco to hesitate. Then, as if he'd
dialog: rehearsed it:
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No, I'm just proud to have been there.
text: He sits down. Spattering of polite applause.
scene_heading: 37 INT. H.S. AUDITORIUM ENTRANCE - LATER 37
text: The luncheon is breaking up. A couple of scouts chase each
text: other through the clusters of men. Marco's leaving. Men
text: stop him to shake his hand and thank him for coming.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Major Marco.
text: Marco turns, stares blankly into the eyes of the bedraggled-
text: looking man, who half-salutes.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: It's Al Melvin, Sir. Corporal Melvin.
dialog: From your unit. Desert Storm.
text: Marco stares hard. Melvin looks like a homeless guy, his
text: clothes rumpled, his fingernails stained and broken, his
text: eyes wild with fatigue and paranoia.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Melvin. Jesus -- how are you --
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: (intense)
dialog: I have these dreams, Major.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Dreams.
dialog: 8/18/03 11.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Yeah. Kuwait. You and me. Mavole, and
dialog: Baker. Raymond Shaw.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: See, I remember it happened the way you
dialog: just said. And then I don't.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Well, we had a pretty rough time over
dialog: there, Al, it was hairy, and -- it was a
text: long time ago, now. Memories shift.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Do you have dreams, sir?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Everybody has dreams, Corporal --
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Not these.
text: Beat. Marco stares at him.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No I don't.
text: Melvin's face falls, disappointed. Fumbling in his clothes,
text: he finds a SPIRAL NOTEBOOK, dog-eared, and fat with
text: newspaper clippings -- tries to press it into Marco's hands.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: It's bad, sir. It's making me crazy. I
dialog: write it down, every night, after I wake
dialog: up, I try to get it all -- it doesn't
dialog: always go together -- all of what I can
dialog: remember, and --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (gentle)
dialog: -- Al, you know, maybe you should be
text: going to the VA and talking to a doctor,
dialog: I mean if these dreams are really --
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: -- I've been to doctors!
text: The notebook DROPS BETWEEN THEM, and PAGES SCATTER on the
text: floor. Both men go down to collect them --
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: I'm so stuck, sir. I mean -- I remember
dialog: Shaw saving us, but it does not make
dialog: sense -- it should have been you. And
dialog: Shaw, he --
dialog: 8/18/03 12.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Well, that's -- it's over and done.
dialog: We've got to move on --
text: -- Marco rocks back on his heels as he stares down at a
text: SKETCHY PORTRAIT OF AN ARABIC WOMAN whose face is covered
text: with intricate designs -- Marco stares curiously, as if he
dialog: recognizes her --
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: I can't get my hand around it. I thought
dialog: maybe, if you had the dreams ...
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: You need money --?
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: No. No sir.
text: Self-conscious (people are staring) Melvin shoves the
text: notebook back inside his jacket.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- here --
text: Marco already digging for a crumpled twenty. Melvin waves
text: it off, backing away, suddenly pissed.
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: I don't need your money.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Okay. Okay. Well, look, Al, I gotta --
speaker_heading: MELVIN
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- run, yeah. But.
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: It was great seeing you. And good luck
dialog: to you.
text: Melvin just scowls sadly at Marco. Flash of glass, a door
text: opens and closes, and Marco is gone.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. H.S. PARKING LOT - DAY 38
text: Marco is motionless in his car, head resting against the
text: steering wheel. He straightens up, with a thousand-yard
text: stare. His hands are trembling. Slowly, he grips the
text: steering wheel ... tighter and tighter ... until the
text: trembling stops.
dialog: 8/18/03 13.
scene_heading: 39 INT. SUPERMARKET - CHECK-OUT COUNTER - NIGHT 39
text: A pretty CASHIER (ROSIE) empties Marco's basket: bottled
text: water, three romance novels, a bottle of No-Doz, a bag of
text: tomatoes and two dozen boxes of instant noodles.
scene_heading: 40 INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - CORRIDOR - NIGHT 40
text: Marco comes up the stairs with his groceries. An ELDERLY
text: WOMAN sticks her head out from her apartment door:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: -- Thirty seven.
text: Marco stops, looks at her blankly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: From the landing. Every week it gets
dialog: longer. I'm worried about you.
text: He takes the romance novels out of his grocery bag and hands
dialog: them to her.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: From the landing. Every week it gets
dialog: longer. I'm worried about you.
text: He takes the romance novels out of his grocery bag and hands
dialog: them to her.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: None of these involve slave traders or
dialog: sheiks, Abby. I checked.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (blushes)
dialog: What do I owe you?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (sad)
text: A smile.
dialog: She does.
scene_heading: 41 INT. MARCO'S STUDIO APARTMENT - NIGHT 41
text: He enters, and a visible exhaustion overtakes him. He turns
text: on the t.v., and sags to the sofa bed, drained.
scene_heading: BEHIND HIM - ON A BULLETIN BOARD:
text: yellowing newspaper clippings and wire photographs of
scene_heading: Raymond Shaw. SENATOR'S SON SAVES UNIT IN KUWAIT. "LOST
scene_heading: PATROL" FOUND AFTER THREE DAYS IN DESERT; ALL BUT TWO
scene_heading: SURVIVE ORDEAL. SHAW RECEIVES NATION'S HIGHEST HONOR. GULF
text: HERO HONORED AT WHITE HOUSE DINNER. SHAW WINS N.Y.
text: CONGRESSIONAL SEAT; WILL BE YOUNGEST MEMBER OF HOUSE ...
text: Marco's not letting anything go.
scene_heading: TV41 ON THE TELEVISION TV41
text: News coverage, the crowded floor of a political convention:
dialog: 8/18/03 14.
speaker_heading: ROVING REPORTER
text: -- with public anxiety rekindled by the
text: events of Bloody Friday, with the war on
dialog: terror marching into yet another year, no
dialog: end in sight --
speaker_heading: MARCO
text: Yawns -- his eyelids flutter -- he shudders awake, digs in
text: his grocery bag for the No Doz and shakes out half a dozen.
text: Which he swallows dry.
speaker_heading: ROVING REPORTER
dialog: -- the American people are looking for a
dialog: new agenda -- but because this party
dialog: remains deeply divided on so many issues,
dialog: the choice of a vice presidential nominee
dialog: may be the key unifying factor for the
dialog: delegates of this convention in much the
dialog: way Johnson helped Kennedy in 1960 ...
text: Then he's up on his feet, moving to the kitchen through the
text: small, cramped space overflowing with books, unopened boxes
dialog: from Amazon.com and Barnes and Noble.
scene_heading: 42 INT. MARCO'S APARTMENT - LATER 42
text: Marco sits at a clearing on the tiny kitchen table, eating
text: instant noodles and trying to read Prizzi's Honor.
speaker_heading: TV42 VOICE/JORDAN TV42
dialog: (on the t.v.)
dialog: We need to look inward -- attend to our
dialog: own house -- the danger to our country is
dialog: not from some terrorists at large --
dialog: terrorists we've helped engender with
dialog: twenty years of failed foreign policy --
text: An open cabinet door behind Marco reveals ROWS AND ROWS OF
text: INSTANT NOODLES in the cupboard.
scene_heading: ON THE TELEVISION
text: News coverage, the crowded floor of a political convention.
text: A poised, silvery, avuncular man, SENATOR THOMAS JORDAN
text: (according to the title on the screen) on the podium:
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: -- no, the real danger is from suspending
dialog: civil liberties, gutting the Bill of
dialog: Rights, allowing our fear to destroy our
dialog: democratic ideals --
scene_heading: 43 INT. HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 43
text: The same speech continues, largely ignored by Congressman
text: RAYMOND PRENTISS SHAW. Still intense and moody, the new
dialog: 8/18/03 15.
text: Raymond Shaw's suit is expensive and crisp, his hair
text: perfect. He's playing solitaire. And winning.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (murmurs)
dialog: ... I am not a professional politician.
dialog: I am not a professional politician ...
speaker_heading: TV43 JORDAN (T.V.) TV43
dialog: -- because once we start overturning our
dialog: constitutional protections, our enemies
dialog: have won.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: ... I am ... a professional politician.
dialog: Not.
text: KNOCKING on his door -- it opens, and Secret Service AGENT
text: EVAN ANDERSON removes his key while SEN. ELEANOR SHAW,
text: pretty and ageless, sweeps in -- closing the door on her
speaker_heading: aide (GILLESPIE) --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Raymond? Darling, what were you going to
dialog: do, make me stand out there like room
dialog: service?
text: -- soft curves conceal razor claws and titanium backbone --
text: she kisses her son on the lips, straightens his collar, his
text: tie, lets her hands smooth his shirt to his chest for a
text: little too long, and never stops talking:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I asked downstairs and Miss Freeman, your
dialog: 'wrangler' -- helpful Ms. Freeman -- said
dialog: you were up here practicing your speech.
dialog: Honestly, I don't understand why you
dialog: insist upon isolating yourself, people
dialog: adore you, Raymond, they crave your
dialog: company and yet here you are, holed up,
dialog: as if you were some kind of emotionally
dialog: challenged individual like your father
text: instead of Raymond Prentiss Shaw, a
dialog: handsome, intelligent, people-loving war
dialog: hero with a great deal to offer to his
dialog: party and his country.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: No what? Baby, I haven't even asked you
dialog: a question. Your hair is too flat. And
dialog: that tie. The tie is wrong.
dialog: 8/18/03 16.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No to the question you're going to ask.
dialog: No to all the questions you pretend to
dialog: want to ask --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (the tie)
text: Something a little less busy.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- and no you may not engage in your
dialog: usual back-door political thuggery to
dialog: shovel me onto the presidential ticket.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Oh. You're not interested? I thought
dialog: you were. Did I miss my cue?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Of course I'm interested -- I wouldn't be
dialog: here if I wasn't -- but not if it means
dialog: attacking the reputation of a statesman
dialog: like Thomas Jordan, which I'm sure was
dialog: your plan. Let democracy run its course,
dialog: mother. Let the people decide.
text: Now Ellie stares at him, mouth agape.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I'm sorry, for a second there I thought
dialog: it was your father speaking -- that
dialog: dreaded Shaw blood rising -- and the
dialog: stink of defeat made me nauseous.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Mother --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: And excuse me, when have I ever attacked
dialog: the honorable Mr. Jordan, despite the
dialog: shameful way his daughter misled you that
text: summer at the shore.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Mother, you chased her away --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: If that's how you want to remember it.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- you ruined everything.
dialog: 8/18/03 17.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Honey, you're oversimplifying things
dialog: somewhat -- but, yes, okay -- I promise,
dialog: promise I will stay out of it. You have
dialog: my word.
text: Raymond stares at her.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: After all, you're young and you have
dialog: plenty of party conventions ahead of you
dialog: in which to discover, as your father did,
dialog: that democracy is an elusive and
dialog: imperfect science, and the meek do not
dialog: happily inherit the earth, but simply get
text: eaten by the alpha dogs, chewed up,
text: digested and deposited on the carefully
dialog: mown parkways of American politics.
text: Raymond rolls his eyes. She ruffles his hair again, heads
text: into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (O.S.)
dialog: One day, you will, I'm sure, tearfully
dialog: memorialize me in your acceptance speech.
dialog: Don't you have a different tie in here?
dialog: Your grandfather always let me pick his
dialog: ties.
text: Raymond smooths his hair back down.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I'm wearing the one I have on.
dialog: No response.
scene_heading: 44 CLOSE - CONVENTION PODIUM - NIGHT (TELEVISED VIDEO) 44
text: Raymond is speaking. His tie is different. So is he: now
text: he exudes a telegenic warmth and vivacity, his manner
text: confident, easy, open.
speaker_heading: TV44 RAYMOND TV44
dialog: I've always said I am not a professional
dialog: politician, although I hold, and have
dialog: been held -- well, hugged -- in elected
dialog: office --
dialog: (a winning smile:)
dialog: -- you all know my mother, Senator
dialog: Eleanor Prentiss Shaw ...
text: A CHORUS of cheers, and appreciative laughter -- he's won
dialog: them over already --
dialog: 8/18/03 18.
scene_heading: 45 INT. MARCO'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 45
text: Marco, on the sofa, stares hard at the televised Raymond
dialog: Shaw, as:
scene_heading: TV45 RAYMOND/T.V. TV45
dialog: ... and some of you no doubt remember my
dialog: father ... the late Senator John Shaw.
dialog: (he seems to want to say
dialog: more, but doesn't)
dialog: I've been honored to serve my two terms
dialog: in Congress. But I also grew up on the
dialog: Hill. I've seen how the game is played
dialog: by professionals --
text: Marco reaches for his steaming cup of coffee, his eyes never
text: leaving the screen -- he just doesn't get this at all --
scene_heading: 46 INT. CONVENTION HALL - BACK STAGE 46
text: Ellie in the f.g., intently watching a monitor while, in the
text: deep b.g., slightly out of focus, we can SEE Raymond
dialog: speaking, and his convention audience beyond ...
scene_heading: TV46 RAYMOND TV46
dialog: -- how deals are struck, committees
dialog: bullied, agendas bought and sold -- and,
dialog: with apologies to my mother, I wish to
dialog: remain an amateur. I believe democracy
dialog: is not negotiable. We need to secure
dialog: tomorrow, today.
text: Ellie shakes her head fondly, and begins to move away as
speaker_heading: CROWD ROARS --
scene_heading: 47 CONVENTION CENTER CORRIDOR, BACK STAGE - CONTINUOUS 47
text: TRACKING with Ellie and Gillespie and his two aides, and a
text: posse of three other FORMIDABLE-LOOKING POLITICIANS through
text: a hallway crowded with NETWORK CAMERA CREWS, STRAY
text: DELEGATES, HIGH SCHOOL MARCHING BAND members and a complete
text: DRILL TEAM in red-white-and-blue sequined leotards, as:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Bluffing?
speaker_heading: GILLESPIE
dialog: That was the inference.
text: Raymond's speech echoes incoherently through the corridor.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: They should be down on their fat white
dialog: knees thanking me for saving this party
dialog: from committing political seppuku.
dialog: 8/18/03 19.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN HEALY
dialog: You gave them every opportunity to do the
dialog: right thing, Senator.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (glances at him)
dialog: No. I gave them one opportunity. And
dialog: that was unusually generous of me.
text: She pushes through a door, and into --
scene_heading: 48 INT. CONVENTION BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS 48
text: Raymond's speech plays, low, on a television, and half a
text: dozen DELEGATES and POWER PLAYERS with "Arthur For
text: President" buttons grimly watch Ellie breeze in. Party
text: Chairman VAUGHN UTLY anticipates her:
speaker_heading: UTLY
dialog: The decision is final, Senator. Tom
dialog: Jordan is on the ticket. We don't need
dialog: your blessing, but we'd like it.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (smiling:)
dialog: Before we get started, I'm dying to know:
dialog: which genius here hatched the scheme of
text: pairing a Sound Bite from Nebraska with a
dialog: relic who thinks keeping suicide bombers
dialog: off our busses is unconstitutional?
speaker_heading: UTLY
dialog: All the research indicates that an Arthur-
dialog: Jordan ticket sits quite well with the
dialog: American public and --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: 'Sits quite well' translates into how
dialog: many votes?
speaker_heading: SENATOR WELLS
dialog: Your son is largely unknown outside of
dialog: New York. His public service, his
dialog: Congressional record, while commendable,
dialog: is --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: My son is a war hero.
scene_heading: CONGRESSMAN FLORES
dialog: (cheerful)
dialog: Governor Arthur has agreed to consider
dialog: Raymond for a cabinet post.
text: A cold silence. Ellie stands --
dialog: 8/18/03 20.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: We didn't come here to have a discussion.
speaker_heading: UTLY ELLIE
dialog: Senator -- (to her posse)
dialog: Did we come here to have a
dialog: discussion?
speaker_heading: SENATOR WELLS
dialog: Ellie, you don't have the votes to block
dialog: this, or even push the nomination to a
dialog: second ballot.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (ignores him)
dialog: Even running against this cut-and-fold
dialog: vice president, with his party's record
dialog: of abysmal failure at home and abroad,
text: Arthur is still unelectable without help.
dialog: (cold, hard logic:)
dialog: Consider. The Governor is a corn-belt
dialog: candidate who -- scratch and sniff --
text: looks and smells alot like the kind of
dialog: liberal-labor-intellectual Dukakis was,
dialog: but without, thank God, the helmet.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Assume our intrepid Arthur can carry the
dialog: Northeast, plus his home ground, and
dialog: California. We're still dead in the
text: South, and Southwest, where they win by
text: landslides. The mid-central is a toss-
text: up. Tom Jordan actually becomes a
dialog: liability in Florida because of his
dialog: Castro-appeasement profile, and in the
text: Carolinas, where he fumbles the military
dialog: vote over his "terrorism isn't a war it's
dialog: a social disease" nonsense.
text: The room is surreally silent. Ellie spins and moves like a
text: televangelist, preaching to the frightened faithful.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: You know this. Your own polls and
dialog: surveys back me up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're counting on Jordan to help you get
dialog: the black vote, women, college kids -- my
dialog: gut instinct says he won't -- and Arthur
text: holding the center -- where he's soft at
dialog: best. And who's to say the President
dialog: won't throw troops into another third-
text: world skirmish, pushing his sidekick's
dialog: approval ratings up into the eighties
dialog: again, and the campaign off the front
dialog: pages?
dialog: 8/18/03 21.
speaker_heading: UTLY
dialog: We're confident this is a winning ticket,
dialog: Ellie.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: What's your margin of error? Five
dialog: points? Three?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can swing that, and you know it. I can
dialog: swing seven away from you -- more than
dialog: enough to split the party and --
speaker_heading: SENATOR WELLS
dialog: (over her)
dialog: -- and deny us the White House for four
dialog: more years? No. Not even you would do
dialog: that, Senator. You're bluffing.
text: Ellie stares at them. OUTSIDE, SUDDENLY: the marching band
text: begins playing "It's a Grand Old Flag," and hurries out onto
text: the ROARING convention floor ...
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: America is facing the greatest test of
dialog: its history, gentlemen. Not just from
dialog: terrorist organizations both outside and
dialog: within our borders, but from covert
dialog: alliances of disaffected nations so
dialog: terrified of winding up on our shit list
dialog: they believe the only way to protect
dialog: themselves is to hit us with everything
dialog: they can find before we get around to
dialog: them. Am I the only one in this room
dialog: paying attention to the NSA reports? We
text: are on the brink of nuclear cataclysm, on
dialog: our own soil, while our policies remain
text: shackled by Jordan-style One Worlders who
dialog: insist that human beings are essentially
dialog: Good ... and that Power is something
dialog: shameful, and Evil.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Make no mistake, the people of this great
dialog: country are frightened. They know what's
dialog: coming. They can feel it. And we can
dialog: shovel them the same old shit and call it
dialog: sugar, or arm them, with a young,
text: vibrant, populist congressman, a war hero
text: with heart -- forged by enemy fire, in
dialog: the desert, in the dark, when American
dialog: lives hung in the balance.
scene_heading: 49 INT. CONVENTION FLOOR - NIGHT (VIDEO) 49
text: One of Ellie's back-room adversaries at the microphone, as
text: balloons fall and the crowd CHEERS:
dialog: 8/18/03 22.
scene_heading: TV49 SENATOR WELLS TV49
dialog: -- proud to offer into nomination the
dialog: name of the next vice president of these
scene_heading: United States, RAYMOND SHAAAWWWWWW --!
dialog: Happy bedlam.
scene_heading: 50 INT. MARCO'S STUDIO APARTMENT - NIGHT 50
text: The images on the television flicker across Marco, who
text: stares with apparent disbelief at the coverage:
scene_heading: TV50 NEWSCASTER #1 TV50
dialog: ... a remarkable development --
scene_heading: TV50A ON THE PODIUM - RAYMOND (VIDEO) TV50A
text: Hands held high, linked with the presidential candidate,
text: ROBERT ARTHUR who is clearly eclipsed by Raymond's youth,
dialog: his heroic good looks, his natural charisma ...
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: (from the convention floor)
text: -- like a long shot catching the favorite
text: on the back stretch of the Derby ...
text: TV50B A STACCATO FLURRY OF IMAGES -- Raymond and his mother, newsTV50B
text: clips, still photos -- appear behind a MAJOR MEDIA ICON:
speaker_heading: MEDIA ICON
dialog: Raymond Shaw bears the lineage of the
dialog: fabled Prentiss family dynasty --
dialog: grandson of legendary industrialist and
dialog: diplomat Tyler Prentiss, son of
dialog: controversial Senator Eleanor Prentiss
dialog: Shaw, who took over the seat vacated by
dialog: her husband, the esteemed John Shaw, when
dialog: he died tragically over twenty years ago.
dialog: Marco taking it all in --
speaker_heading: MEDIA ICON
dialog: For many, Raymond Prentiss Shaw is an
dialog: enigma: millionaire Harvard honors
dialog: student who enlists in the military --
scene_heading: INTERCUT: NEWS FILE FOOTAGE of Raymond's personal history:
speaker_heading: MEDIA ICON
dialog: -- refusing the officer's commission to
dialog: which he was entitled. The Medal of
dialog: Honor winner beloved by the men of the
dialog: 'Lost Patrol' he saved from an enemy
text: ambush, and then guided back across the
dialog: open desert to safety --
dialog: 8/18/03 23.
scene_heading: TV50C CPL. MELVIN IN 1992 TV50C
dialog: (Gulf War news archive,
dialog: after the squad was
dialog: rescued)
dialog: Sgt. Shaw? Hell, he's probably the
dialog: kindest, bravest, warmest, most selfless
dialog: human being I've ever known.
text: Marco reacts to the image of Melvin from ten years ago:
text: young, engaging, eyes alive -- Marco's lips move in sync
dialog: with words of Melvin's statement ('bravest, warmest'
dialog: 'selfless' 'ever known') -- as if he knows it by heart --
dialog: his mind shifting --
speaker_heading: MEDIA ICON
dialog: The war hero who dedicated himself to
dialog: public service after Desert Storm ...
text: PUSH IN on Marco. His eyes distant, glazed -- tranced:
speaker_heading: MEDIA ICON
dialog: ... the revolutionary science of bio-
dialog: genetics, which has, literally --
scene_heading: 51 PUSH IN ON THE TELEVISION: TIGHT - A RED SUPERTOMATO 51
text: now commands the screen, plump and glistening in an olive-
text: skinned hand decorated with intricate henna tattoos --
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: -- transformed the common garden tomato,
dialog: through genome-level intervention, from
dialog: that fragile, fickle, vulnerable fruit
dialog: one must struggle to simply nurture to
dialog: maturity --
text: -- the supertomato slowly bisects itself -- opening, oozing
text: viscous red liquid -- revealing an inner structure far more
dialog: suggestive of the human brain than any tomato we've ever
dialog: seen before.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: -- into a resilient, dependable,
dialog: categorically superior individual in
dialog: every conceivable way --
dialog: -- moving through
text: 52 MARCO'S DREAMSCAPE -- where the MYSTERIOUS ARABIC WOMAN from 52
text: Melvin's drawings -- henna tattoos on her face, as well as
text: her hands -- thick, blood-red pulp of the supertomato
text: dripping between her fingers -- glides dreamily across
text: intricate, sun-bleached tile work through a gathering of
text: similarly clothed Arabic WOMEN. A few OLDER, ARABIC MEN are
text: off to one side, expressionless, hands in pockets.
dialog: 8/18/03 24.
speaker_heading: MYSTERIOUS WOMAN
dialog: -- strappingly resistant to parasite,
dialog: disease, over-ripening and systemic
dialog: failure -- while, at the same time,
dialog: fiercely heat and water tolerant --
text: IMPRESSIONS of soldiers -- MEMBERS of Marco's squad -- flak
text: jackets and BDUs, rifles at ease, some squatting, some
text: leaning against the wall ... Cpl. Al Melvin preternaturally
text: engrossed in the presentation ...
text: We hear a SANDSTORM raging outside, causing LONG DRAPERIES
text: to FLUTTER and POP! like sails ... STRONG IMPRESSIONS of
scene_heading: PFCs ED MAVOLE and BOBBY BAKER ...
speaker_heading: MYSTERIOUS WOMAN
dialog: -- yet -- note the complexity of the
dialog: frontal lobe -- nevertheless retaining a
text: sweet, juicy plumpness reminiscent of the
dialog: finest English Beefsteak or Italian Plum.
text: IMPRESSIONS of the American Flag. IMPRESSIONS of SGT.
text: RAYMOND SHAW -- he waits for the mysterious woman like an
text: obedient schoolboy, dutifully holding his SERVICE REVOLVER
text: in his hand.
speaker_heading: MYSTERIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Those of you with ties to the
dialog: Intelligence community may recall the
text: CIA's misguided MK-ULTRA program, the
dialog: KGB's Novichok research, and similar half-
dialog: assed ventures in Great Britain and China
dialog: -- under the lay term of 'mind control.'
speaker_heading: 53 OMITTED 53
speaker_heading: 54 OMITTED 54
text: 55 The Bedouin women begin to make a spooky trilling sound, 55
text: their ZAGHAREET -- as the mysterious woman's voice starts to
scene_heading: MORPH into a MAN'S VOICE:
speaker_heading: MYSTERIOUS WOMAN
dialog: Street-corner schizophrenics with tin
text: foil on their heads offer sad proof of
dialog: the failure of those endeavors.
text: She smiles, creepy, puts a hand on Raymond's shoulder --
scene_heading: MYST. W./NOYLE'S VOICE
dialog: I can assure you, this is a whole new
dialog: ball game.
speaker_heading: SWERVE:
dialog: 8/18/03 25.
text: MARCO -- is here, too -- his head wrapped in a bandage, he's
text: wearing hospital greens. WIRES AND TUBES are rigged to his
text: head, chest, arms and legs like some HIGH-TECH MARIONETTE --
text: -- all coiling up into the shadows of the high ceiling, into
text: thicker cables and tubes beneath which robotic BRACKET ARMS
text: adjust, whirring softly, with his every movement ... he's
text: drugged to the gills, jerking with spasms as low voltage
text: electricity courses through his brain ...
text: ... and the women's shrill zaghareet PEAKS --
speaker_heading: NOYLE (O.S.)
dialog: Captain Marco --
scene_heading: DR. ATTICUS NOYLE
text: the mysterious Arabic woman has become the sleek, Caucasian
text: scientist, ATTICUS NOYLE, whose oddly accented English is
dialog: flawless:
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: -- when you're rescued and returned with
dialog: your patrol to command headquarters, what
dialog: will be among the first duties you will
dialog: undertake?
text: 56 ON MARCO all rigged up with his wires -- 56
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I'll recommend Sergeant Shaw for the
dialog: Medal of Honor, ma'am. He saved our
dialog: lives, terminated the enemy and led us
text: across the desert to safety.
text: Now the dreamscape visuals seem REAR-PROJECTED on luminous,
text: rippling white fabric ... the Bedouin people, tomato/brain
text: images, the mystery woman, appear as TWO-DIMENSIONAL FILMED
text: IMAGES, flickering across draperies ...
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: Yes. Brilliant. But there were
dialog: casualties?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: There are always casualties, ma'am.
text: ... the DREAM SOUNDS (wind, fabric, women chanting) emanate
text: from audio speakers, the sandstorm's wind caused by huge,
dialog: moveable FANS ...
text: ... IMPRESSION of an OLD MAN shaking a percussive gourd,
dialog: mesmerizing ...
text: ... IMPRESSIONS of the squad all rigged up like Marco, with
text: tubes and wires ... Laurent glides behind them -- lab coat,
text: SURGICAL GLOVES on his hands ...
dialog: 8/18/03 26.
text: A collection of remote cameras on scaffolding and tripods
text: BUZZ and WHIR as they swivel to follow him.
speaker_heading: NOYLE
text: Here, then, are ten subject soldiers in a
dialog: clinically-induced functional fugue
dialog: state. Hyperdelusional that they've been
text: bivouacked in a small caravansary to wait
text: out a sandstorm.
text: Marco blinks: sees the mysterious Arabic woman dressed in
text: Noyle's simple suit.
speaker_heading: MYSTERIOUS WOMAN
dialog: (smiles)
text: A simple Pavlovian parlor trick.
text: SNAPPING of fabric, the wind gets louder.
text: 57 MARCO -- looks around -- no more tubes or wires, and NOYLE 57
text: is now a PROJECTED IMAGE on the fabric. The dreamscape is
text: bending, smearing ... realities overlapping.
scene_heading: PUSHING IN ON SPOOKY, HERKY-JERKY, STREAMING-VIDEO-STYLE
speaker_heading: NOYLE IMAGE:
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: Our Candidate's course of treatment will,
dialog: of course, involve considerably more
dialog: sophisticated intervention over a
dialog: sustained time period, to ensure that a
text: stable mechanism is irrevocably in place.
dialog: We employ a kind of neurocellular
dialog: conversion. Psychological abreaction
text: through genomic repurposing.
dialog: (then)
dialog: "But Dr. Noyle, all the literature -- all
dialog: the literature says you cannot make an
dialog: individual act against his deepest moral
dialog: nature -- or his own self interest."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hmmm. Let's see.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Sgt. Shaw. Ever killed anyone?
text: IMPRESSIONS of RAYMOND -- hyper-alert -- frighteningly
dialog: engaged, and agreeable.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No ma'am.
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: Not even in combat?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No ma'am.
dialog: 8/18/03 27.
speaker_heading: NOYLE
text: Brilliant. Casualty time.
text: Raymond's wires and tubes float with him as he circles,
text: pleasantly exchanging greetings with Marco --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Sergeant.
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: Raymond. Suffocate Private Mavole.
text: IMPRESSION of Raymond thrusting a plastic bag over Mavole's
dialog: head --
speaker_heading: MAVOLE
dialog: Whoawhoa -- wait -- wait a sec --
text: -- Raymond's hands twist it TIGHTLY -- Mavole's limbs in
text: turmoil, hands fluttering, his SHROUDED FACE suffocating in
text: the translucent fog of the plastic bag --
text: PFC. BOBBY BAKER -- intent upon Raymond's killing of Mavole,
text: gaze unwavering, untroubled -- SOUND of the zaghareet,
dialog: peaking --
speaker_heading: NOYLE (O.S.)
dialog: And at the instant he completes this, or
dialog: any task, Raymond has already forgotten
dialog: that he has ever been involved in it.
text: RAYMOND SHAW -- all business -- focused and purposeful --
text: twists the bag even tighter -- the plastic bag steaming --
text: tubes break, spit liquid, blood -- wires SPARK -- while
text: Noyle floats through the b.g., a blur --
scene_heading: 58 INT. MARCO'S STUDIO APARTMENT - NIGHT 58
text: Marco willing himself awake -- like a man shaking off death
text: itself -- the t.v.'s a blurred reflection warped across the
text: window glass behind him:
scene_heading: TV58 NEWSCASTER #2 TV58
dialog: (distant)
dialog: ... Wisconsin makes it official. Raymond
dialog: Shaw is the vice-presidential nominee ...
scene_heading: 59 EXT. SERIES OF SHOTS - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY 59
text: Monuments, stark and cold. Capitol Hill. Supreme Court.
text: The White House. The Lincoln Memorial ... the Pentagon.
dialog: 8/18/03 28.
scene_heading: A60 EXT. WALTER REED ARMY HOSPITAL - DAY A60
dialog: Establishing, as:
speaker_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD (O.S.)
dialog: Taking your meds?
scene_heading: 60 INT. WALTER REED HOSPITAL - ARMY SHRINK'S OFFICE - DAY 60
text: Marco with LT. COL. HOWARD, a kindly but pedantic Army staff
dialog: psychiatrist, referring to notes:
speaker_heading: MARCO (O.S.)
dialog: Yes sir.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No sir.
text: Beat. Howard looks up at Marco.
speaker_heading: MARCO
text: The meds make me ... spongy. I float.
dialog: I'm not sharp --
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: The meds help you sleep.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: When I sleep, I dream. I don't want to
dialog: dream, sir.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: You're off your meds, sleep-deprived, you
text: have an unexpected encounter with a
dialog: member of your Gulf War recon team, Al
text: Melvin, who mentions some dreams he's
dialog: been having --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Dreams like mine.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: (ignores)
dialog: -- and suddenly your own bad dreams come
dialog: charging back. Made worse by your
dialog: chronic fear of them. Add in all the
dialog: recent campaign news about Congressman
dialog: Shaw, which is obviously rekindling your
dialog: feelings of guilt and jealousy --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- I'm not jealous of Raymond Shaw, sir.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: Okay. How did you feel when you heard
dialog: the news from the convention?
text: Marco shrugs.
dialog: 8/18/03 29.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: A shrug isn't a feeling.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I felt ... fine. No big deal.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (almost angry)
dialog: Glad for him. He deserves it. Raymond
dialog: Shaw is probably the kindest, bravest,
dialog: warmest --
scene_heading: MARCO LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: -- most selfless human being -- most selfless human being
dialog: I've ever ... you've ever known.
dialog: Half a beat --
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: You're fucking with me, Major.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No sir. I wouldn't do that, sir.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: What other conclusion can I draw?
text: Marco says nothing. Holding back what he's thinking.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: Look, we've been over this a million
dialog: times. Until you forgive yourself for
dialog: what happened that night in Kuwait, the
dialog: loss of your men -- for what you did, for
dialog: what you didn't do ...
text: No reaction from Marco. The Lt. Colonel sighs.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: How's Public Affairs?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: It sucks, sir. I want to get back to
dialog: Intelligence.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: Then for God's sake, Ben, go back on your
dialog: meds. And stay on them, this time. Get
dialog: some sleep. I'll see you in two weeks.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yes sir. Same time, same station.
dialog: 8/18/03 30.
text: Marco starts to get up --
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: And stay the hell away from television.
speaker_heading: 61 OMITTED 61
speaker_heading: 62 OMITTED 62
scene_heading: 63 INT./EXT. D.C. BOTANICAL GARDENS - DAY 63
text: Festive champagne brunch. Lush indoor foliage. The Capitol
text: Dome visible in the b.g. Huge, graphic banners declaim the
text: campaign slogan: SECURE TOMORROW and the ticket: ARTHUR-
speaker_heading: SHAW.
text: An elegant ALL-WOMAN HARP ORCHESTRA plays new-age patriotic
text: music, and a thick crowd of WEALTHY PARTY INNER CIRCLE
text: members jostle between elegant food stations, or cue up for
text: thirty seconds with presidential-hopeful Robert Arthur.
scene_heading: MOVING WITH - MARCO
text: who has two retired, old bastard Generals in his company,
text: stars gleaming on their shoulders. Marco's eyes scan the
dialog: room; he's a man on a mission:
speaker_heading: GENERAL SLOAN
dialog: No offense, Major, but it chaps my ass we
dialog: gotta have a babysitter.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Sir, I'm just here to keep you from
text: getting into fist-fights with the Navy
dialog: guys.
dialog: The old generals laugh, appreciate this. Marco stops --
dialog: eureka -- he's found his target:
scene_heading: MARCO'S P.O.V. - ACROSS THE HUGE ROOM - RAYMOND
text: holding side-show vice-presidential court for some enamored
text: young women and their banker husbands. SECRET SERVICE
text: agents, including his everpresent Anderson, maintaining a
dialog: careful perimeter.
speaker_heading: GENERAL WILSON (O.S.)
dialog: Major Marco --
scene_heading: MARCO AND THE GENERALS
text: Marco forced to pull his gaze away from Raymond:
speaker_heading: GENERAL WILSON
dialog: -- this Army of Two's gonna do some recon
text: on the no host bar.
dialog: 8/18/03 31.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Right behind you, sirs.
dialog: Whereupon
scene_heading: SENATOR ELEANOR SHAW
dialog: powers through with Gillespie and a couple of our media
text: FLAKS, giving them an earful:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: -- billions of dollars, thousands of
dialog: troops, sacrificed on behalf of a
dialog: disastrous foreign policy which has only
dialog: served to galvanize our enemies --
speaker_heading: ELLIE MARCO
dialog: Excuse us please -- Whoa --
text: FOR AN INSTANT Ellie and Marco lock eyes -- then the crowd
text: swallows her again --
speaker_heading: GENERAL WILSON
dialog: They oughta put up a crossing guard.
speaker_heading: GENERAL SLOAN
text: Or rig her with an air horn.
speaker_heading: WITH RAYMOND
text: -- distractedly staring at a pretty young woman (JOCELYN
text: JORDAN) near the entrance.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (to the bankers and wives)
dialog: I mean -- that's supposed to be the whole
dialog: point of this great country, isn't it?
dialog: That everybody matters. Not just the
dialog: people at this party -- no offense -- but
dialog: the people who can't afford to be here.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (arriving:)
dialog: Raymond --
dialog: (to the couples)
dialog: -- sorry to interrupt --
text: But she's not. Slipping her arm through his and steering
dialog: him away...
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: You must learn not to let yourself get
text: cornered by the bottom-feeders.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Including you?
dialog: 8/18/03 32.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I devour everything in my path, darling,
dialog: top or bottom, you know that.
text: ...to join a lively group of corporate heavyweights. DAVID
text: DONOVAN is a man possessed of a commanding presence,
text: radiating charm, brilliance and stealth. J.B. (JAY)
text: JOHNSTON is younger than the others, a three-sport letterman
dialog: who graduated with distinction from Princeton and happily
text: works until there's no one left in the office to give
text: instructions to. MARK WHITING is gracious and warm.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Hello Mark.
text: Ellie greets Whiting with a fondness she reserves for old
text: friends -- as a former Tyler Prentiss protg, he now stands
text: comfortably at the fertile crossroads where big industry
text: meets big government, and profits soar.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: Eleanor! Congratulations, Raymond. Your
dialog: grandad would be so goddamn proud of you.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Nice to see you Mark. Thanks.
text: The following flows, overlapping, easy:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: -- Raymond, this is J.B. Johnston, from
dialog: Manchurian Global --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes, hi --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: -- and David Donovan, their Managing
dialog: Director.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- and co-chair of the U.S. International
dialog: Policy Caucus.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN ELLIE
dialog: One and the same. (teasing)
dialog: They're desperate to be of
dialog: service to you, Raymond.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Go away, mother. You've earned your fee.
text: Raymond flashes a dazzling Kennedyesque smile, as the men
text: chuckle appreciatively.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: The plucky idealist.
dialog: 8/18/03 33.
text: Ellie glides off, unfazed. The men banter on:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Gentlemen, how's business?
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: Good, Raymond. Business is good.
speaker_heading: JOHNSTON
dialog: Could always be better.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Careful. Any better, you'll be a
dialog: monopoly.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: There's the challenge. Maximizing the
dialog: market share and potential of a company.
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: Or a country.
text: Off their shared, collegial laughter --
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM - MARCO - MONETS LATER
text: watches Raymond take his leave from the Manchurian Global
text: guys -- while, at the bar, the generals have established
text: their beachhead of Bloody Marys with a couple of younger men
scene_heading: in NAVY WHITES:
scene_heading: REAR ADMIRAL GLICK
dialog: Every great civilization has been
text: anchored by a great Navy.
speaker_heading: GENERAL SLOAN
dialog: Bullshit. You guys are sea chum, ripe
dialog: for some raghead with a rocket launcher
dialog: to put a hole in your bucket.
text: Marco laughs deliberately, trying to diffuse the tension.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (low)
dialog: If you can't behave yourselves, Generals,
dialog: we're gonna spend the rest of the day
text: watching the Orioles game back at the
dialog: hotel.
text: Whereupon Raymond parades past, with his Secret Service
text: handlers, oblivious to Ben until he calls out.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Congressman -- Sergeant Shaw --
text: Raymond turning, but not stopping --
dialog: 8/18/03 34.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Ben Marco.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I know.
dialog: (strange, dreamy)
dialog: Hello Captain.
speaker_heading: MARCO RAYMOND
dialog: It's Major, and -- (as if it surprises
dialog: him:)
dialog: I need to talk to you.
dialog: But he keeps walking --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- okay.
text: -- Marco frowns, watches Raymond weave through the crowd
text: towards Jocie, at the entrance. Marco follows, passing:
speaker_heading: ELLIE AND JORDAN
text: locked in fierce, low battle, off to one side, voices hard,
text: rising out of the din:
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: -- the political extortion you committed
dialog: in order to destroy my vice presidential
dialog: bid so that --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Tom.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: -- so that you might vicariously bask in
dialog: reflected limelight from your son --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Tom, please, just because the party felt
dialog: a younger, more dynamic man could help
dialog: the ticket, I don't think it's fair for
dialog: you to single me out and --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You know, I have such contempt for you,
dialog: Eleanor, that when I think of you, I
dialog: actually fear for this country. Raymond
text: is nothing. A riddle. A wild card at
dialog: worst. But you, you are the smiler who
text: wraps her dagger in the cloak of the flag
text: and waits for her chance to strike.
dialog: Which I pray will never come.
text: He wheels away --
dialog: 8/18/03 35.
speaker_heading: 64 OMITTED 64
scene_heading: 65 EXT. BOTANICAL GARDENS - ENTRANCE - MARCO 65
text: has found Raymond with Jocie -- outside -- but hangs back --
text: overhearing Raymond's earnest and intense conversation with
text: Jocie, who is slightly uncomfortable with this but trying to
dialog: make light of it --
speaker_heading: JOCELYN
dialog: ... but Raymond, my God, it's been so
dialog: many years -- I've been married and
dialog: divorced --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I've changed too.
speaker_heading: JOCELYN
dialog: That's not what I -- but, yes, it's
dialog: great, really -- I see that you have --
dialog: congratulations --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- But my feelings haven't. Changed, I
dialog: mean ...
text: Jocie starts to say something, is at a loss for words --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: ... I guess I've never stopped -- feeling
dialog: -- wondering -- how it might have turned
dialog: out, you know, between us, if --
speaker_heading: JOCELYN
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Raymond -- people can't rewrite their
dialog: lives --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Jocie, I haven't even been with another
dialog: girl since we ... stopped seeing each
dialog: other -- doesn't that say something to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JOCELYN
dialog: That you must be just about the loneliest
dialog: person on earth, and it breaks my heart.
text: Raymond is staggered -- doesn't know what to say --
speaker_heading: JOCELYN
dialog: I've got to go -- good luck with the
dialog: campaign.
text: She hurries to a waiting limo -- her father's already inside
dialog: -- Raymond still wants to say something, he wants to stop
dialog: her, but --
dialog: 8/18/03 36.
speaker_heading: MARCO (O.S.)
dialog: Sergeant Raymond Shaw --
dialog: Raymond turns --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: What?
text: Marco slides in front of him with a disarming grin.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I want to talk to you too.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- Not now.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- I know you're busy -- I just have to
dialog: ask you --
text: He starts to move away, but Marco grabs his arm --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I saw Al Melvin the other day -- remember
dialog: Corporal Melvin?
text: Raymond yanks his arm away --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Don't touch me.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Okay -- sorry -- but -- Melvin, he's
dialog: extremely disturbed about what happened
dialog: to us, on the recon patrol, back in
dialog: Kuwait --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Don't ever touch me.
text: Beat. Marco's eyebrows go up.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Sorry.
text: Raymond's secret service agent, ANDERSON slips himself
text: between him, smiling politely, easing Marco away:
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: Tried the Pad Thai, Major? I'm told it
dialog: rules.
scene_heading: CLOSE - COLONEL GARRET
text: tense and unsmiling.
dialog: 8/18/03 37.
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: What were you hoping he'd say?
dialog: We are:
scene_heading: 66 INT. PENTAGON - CONFERENCE ROOM - MARCO 66
text: is in a more formal setting -- Lt. Col. Howard is with
text: COLONEL GARRET and an enlisted soldier, a WOMAN, taking
dialog: notes --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I don't know, sir.
dialog: (cautious, now)
dialog: It isn't so much what he said, or didn't
dialog: say -- but his demeanor, his attitude.
dialog: Sir, I overheard an exchange he --
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: (talks over this)
dialog: I think you hoped Congressman Shaw would
dialog: say, "yes, Major, I've had those same
dialog: dreams. Tomatoes and sandstorms. You're
dialog: not nuts, there's some crazy shit going
dialog: down here."
text: Marco says nothing.
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: Major, we've been down this road with you
dialog: before, yes?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No, sir, not this road, sir. But I hear
dialog: what you're saying, and I want to do this
dialog: through the proper channels.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: Are you back on your meds?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Lt. Colonel Howard -- with respect --
dialog: I've had a dozen years of experts telling
dialog: me I've got Gulf War Syndrome, or a
dialog: stress disorder. Twelve years being a
dialog: good soldier, denying what every nerve
dialog: ending in my body tells me is more real
dialog: than not. One dream, over and over. Not
dialog: variations on a dream, the same one,
dialog: night after night after night --
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: -- Your guilt and your jealousy require
dialog: you to construct this ... elaborate
dialog: fiction, so that you --
dialog: 8/18/03 38.
scene_heading: MARCO LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: No -- -- can avoid the truth.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- No sir. Something happened to us, in
dialog: the desert, ten years ago. Not what we
dialog: thought it was. And it happened on my
dialog: watch.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: Have you contacted any other members of
dialog: the unit besides Shaw and Melvin? Asked
dialog: them about the dreams?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (from notes he's made)
dialog: Owens died of cancer in '97. Villalobos,
text: a car crash. Atkins committed suicide.
dialog: Jamison was at the Pentagon, 9-11, body
dialog: never recovered. Wilson I'm still trying
dialog: to track down.
text: Garret and Howard trade looks.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Sir, I know I can't ask you to talk to
dialog: Congressman Shaw, not yet, but Al Melvin,
dialog: it's a phone call, a quick q&amp;a -- look at
dialog: his notebooks, hear what he's been
dialog: dreaming -- and either he will support
dialog: the credibility of what I'm saying, or he
dialog: won't. And I'll shut up.
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: And what is it you are saying, exactly,
dialog: Major? That you misrepresented --
dialog: falsified -- what happened In Kuwait?
dialog: About the Medal of Honor? In effect,
dialog: committed perjury.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: If you just talk to Melvin --
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: (ignores)
dialog: -- No, no, I'm sorry -- you're saying an
text: entire squad of U.S. Army soldiers was
text: hypnotized into believing that Raymond
dialog: Shaw deserved the Medal of Honor. And
dialog: somehow you're the only one who knows the
dialog: truth.
text: Silence. Marco looks down at his hands.
dialog: 8/18/03 39.
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: Major Marco. You will stay clear of
dialog: Congressman Shaw.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yes sir.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: And you will resume your meds, Major.
dialog: That is an order.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Beat. Marco stands up, to leave, but --
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: Major, do you ever take a step back and
dialog: consider why you've remained at rank for
dialog: all these years? Missed Bosnia,
dialog: Afghanistan, Iraqi Freedom. While men of
dialog: lesser promise and inferior talent have
dialog: enjoyed the fruits of those campaigns and
dialog: moved beyond you?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Every day, sir.
scene_heading: 67 INT. STAGE - VICE-PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE (VIDEO) 67
text: FAVOR Raymond, at a podium, his VICE PRESIDENTIAL OPPONENT
text: slightly out of focus at his identical podium in the near
dialog: b.g., mid-rebuttal:
scene_heading: TV67 V.P. OPPONENT TV67
dialog: ... there are still VRF terrorists in
dialog: Sierra Leone, new terrorist alliances
dialog: forming in many parts of Asia and South
dialog: America -- we can't simply, suddenly
dialog: relinquish our commitment to world
dialog: leaders who have stood by us.
speaker_heading: T.V. MODERATOR
dialog: Congressman Shaw -- your rebuttal?
scene_heading: 68 INT. MARCO'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 68
text: Marco on his phone, the t.v. blaring, under:
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Hello, Victor? Marco. How's it goin'?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Public affairs sucks, my friend. I miss
dialog: you guys. Listen, favor: guy from my old
dialog: unit, Melvin, Alfred R. -- I need an
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 8/18/03 40.
speaker_heading: MARCO (CONT'D)
dialog: address on him, I think he's here in D.C.
dialog: ... yeah, go ahead.
text: Holding, Marco studies the image of Raymond.
scene_heading: TV68 RAYMOND/T.V. TV68
dialog: -- but meanwhile, somebody's grandmother,
text: in a small American town, is standing in
dialog: her kitchen -- she's got her medicine
text: bottle in one hand, she's opening the
text: refrigerator with the other. And she's
dialog: thinking: I can pay for my medicine, or I
dialog: can pay for my dinner. I can't do both.
dialog: In America. In America, our mothers and
dialog: grandmothers shouldn't have to worry
dialog: about that.
text: VOICE on the other end of Marco's call, but he's slow to
text: respond -- mesmerized by the "new" Raymond --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Yeah, yeah. I'm here ...
text: As he starts to write an address --
speaker_heading: 69 OMITTED 69
scene_heading: 70 EXT. SKID ROW - WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT 70
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (V.O.)
dialog: There are gaps in this country. Ugly
dialog: chasms that we need to bridge ...
text: THE SIDE OF A BUS with a HUGE SKIN of Gov. Arthur and
text: Raymond Shaw and the ARTHUR/SHAW "SECURE TOMORROW" campaign
text: icon -- it SLIDES away, revealing:
text: MARCO -- crosses the street, walks along a row of
dialog: dilapidated apartments --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (V.O.)
dialog: ... the gap between rich and poor,
dialog: between government and people --
text: -- the area is desolate, depopulated, an economic wasteland.
text: Under a crumbling awning and into
scene_heading: 71 INT. SKID ROW RESIDENTIAL HOTEL - LOBBY - NIGHT 71
text: Marco checks a room number he's written under an address on
text: a scrap of paper.
speaker_heading: TV71 RAYMOND (T.V.) TV71
dialog: -- between true security and the notion
dialog: of feeling safe ...
dialog: 8/18/03 41.
text: A NIGHT CLERK sits behind bullet proof glass, watching the
dialog: televised debates.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (T.V.)
dialog: ... between what is real and what is not.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: (about Raymond)
dialog: Dontcha love this guy?
scene_heading: 72 INT. SKID ROW HOTEL CORRIDOR 72
text: At the far end of a long and gloomy hallway, we can see
text: Marco arrive at the door to Melvin's room. He hesitates,
dialog: then knocks --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Al? Al Melvin, it's Marco ...
text: Nothing. He looks at his watch, turns, walks back down the
text: narrow, high-ceilinged corridor -- haunting sounds of radios
text: and televisions and broken conversations -- he disappears
dialog: down the stairs --
scene_heading: 73 INT. FANCY HOTEL CORRIDOR - NIGHT 73
text: Raymond comes down the brightly-lit, elegant hallway, tired,
text: trailing Anderson and his SECRET SERVICE entourage.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: ... The enemy is among us. The wolf is
text: at the door ... the fox is in the
dialog: henhouse ... the weasel is ... the weasel
dialog: is ...
text: They take his room keycard from him, open the door --
scene_heading: 74 INT. RAYMOND'S HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 74
text: Anderson and another AGENT move through the suite, securing
dialog: it -- Raymond losing steam:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: The weasel is a weasel. Frog and Toad
dialog: Are Friends.
text: -- returning to the door and handing Raymond his keycard.
text: The PHONE BEGINS TO RING --
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: Sir, we'll be right outside.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I know. Good night.
text: He closes the door after them. Breathes out. Glances at
text: his watch. Then crosses to answer the phone:
dialog: 8/18/03 42.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You have thirty seconds, Mother.
scene_heading: 75 INTERCUT - ELLIE'S SENATE OFFICE - NIGHT 75
text: Ellie behind her desk.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Am I this predictable?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You have no idea.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I'm calling to compliment you, Mr.
dialog: Grumpy. I thought you were magnificent
dialog: tonight. So do all the network campaign
dialog: experts. "Presidential" was a word they
dialog: used.
text: Raymond's second line flashes with another call.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: This compassionate vigilance thing is
dialog: working quite well for you. I might have
dialog: to convert.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I happen to believe in it.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Of course you do. Now Raymond --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Goodnight, Mother.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Raymond --
text: Raymond punches a button and puts his mother on HOLD.
scene_heading: 76 INT. ELLIE'S SENATE OFFICE - NIGHT 76
text: Ellie listens to the dead air of the other end of her call.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Raymond?
scene_heading: 77 INT. RAYMOND'S HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 77
dialog: Raymond stares --
speaker_heading: THE PHONE
text: Mom on hold, flashing red light. The second call, light
dialog: fluttering --
dialog: 8/18/03 43.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: punches the line, lifts the receiver --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: VOICE ON THE PHONE
dialog: (British accent)
dialog: Sergeant Shaw?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: Who is this?
scene_heading: CLOSE on RAYMOND'S EAR --
scene_heading: VOICE ON THE PHONE
dialog: Sergeant Raymond Shaw?
text: Beat. Raymond's puzzled. Cocks his head, eyes searching
text: the corners of the room. SOUND: a distant desert wind,
dialog: building. Then:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes ...?
scene_heading: CLOSE on RAYMOND'S EYE --
scene_heading: VOICE ON THE PHONE
dialog: Raymond Prentiss Shaw?
text: -- Raymond's senses appear to QUICKEN NOW, as the LIGHTING
text: in the room changes, morphing somehow -- even as SOUNDS of
text: steady percussion, and the zaghareet -- the wailing cry of
dialog: the Arab women -- rise out of the wind --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (eyes alight)
dialog: Yes.
text: -- everything is brighter, sharper, more luminous -- more
dialog: etched than it was just moments ago --
scene_heading: VOICE ON THE PHONE
dialog: Listen:
dialog: (then)
dialog: Enter the bathroom, and go to the closet
dialog: there.
scene_heading: WIDE - THE SUITE
text: Raymond moves with tremendous assurance across the living
text: room and down the hallway and into the bathroom --
dialog: 8/18/03 44.
speaker_heading: THE PHONE
text: light flashing, Eleanor on HOLD -- stops --
scene_heading: 78 INT. BATHROOM 78
text: Double sinks, walk-in shower, and a huge closet which
text: Raymond opens to reveal --
scene_heading: 79 INT. CLOSET 79
text: A THICK PANEL in the back wall just being unmoored -- the
text: RUSHING ROAR of a sandstorm and --
speaker_heading: A MAN IN BLACK
text: steps through, gloves and soft-soled shoes. Raymond just
text: watching as he places a small clam-shell video screen open
text: on the counter -- we can SEE a B&amp;W surveillance view of the
text: CORRIDOR OUTSIDE RAYMOND'S ROOM, with Anderson sitting the
text: night watch, reading.
text: The man gestures Raymond through the closet passageway --
scene_heading: 80 INT. A HUGE ROOM BESIDE RAYMOND'S SUITE - CONTINUOUS 80
text: -- where Raymond is met by TECHNICIANS in sterile gear,
dialog: surgical gloves.
text: He's entered some kind of portable, surreal operating
text: theater, filled with monitoring device and computers ... a
text: one-way video-conference camera is aimed at a big
text: examination chair in one corner, surrounded by I.V. racks
dialog: and more techno-medical equipment.
text: The man who is obviously in charge here, starts a digital
text: timer and turns to face Raymond. It's NOYLE.
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: Hello Raymond. Do you remember me?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No sir.
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: Brilliant.
dialog: (to his group)
dialog: We have twenty minutes for our little
text: check up from the neck up.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. PAY PHONE - NIGHT 81
text: Marco on a public phone, across the street from Melvin's
text: residential hotel. Shaken.
dialog: 8/18/03 45.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: My God. I'm sorry to hear that. When
dialog: did it ...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yeah, I know. I know.
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Listen, Mrs. Wilson -- can you tell me if
dialog: Nathan was ever -- preoccupied -- with
dialog: his experience in Kuwait? Did he ever
dialog: mention dreams or nightmares ... about
dialog: what happened ... the firefight,
dialog: afterward ...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -- uh-huh. Sure. No, I understand.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thank you for --
text: Dial tone. He hangs up. Exhales.
speaker_heading: BLINK.
text: 82 Marco listening to the phone on the other end of his call 82
text: ring, and ring and ring. Dull HISS of the city.
speaker_heading: BLINK.
dialog: 83 Another call. 83
speaker_heading: MARCO (O.S.)
dialog: ... no, Mr. Villalobos, I'm just --
dialog: Army's got me running statistics on
dialog: stress disorders, I'm trying to gather
dialog: information on my old squad members ...
dialog: yes sir --
scene_heading: A84 INT. NOYLE'S HIDDEN HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT A84
text: Raymond sits in a chair, rigged up with wires and tubes
text: (much like he was ten years ago) -- a TRANSLUCENT BOX around
text: his face overlaid with a METRIC GRID, his head held
text: motionless by a semi-circular BRACE, curved calibration
text: offering precise positioning for a MICRO-DRILL that Noyle
text: moves into place -- and then a long, tiny drill bit WHIRS
text: DOWN through STERILE LATEX stretched very tight across
dialog: Raymond's head --
text: -- and plunges precisely and effortlessly through Raymond's
text: skull, then STOPS -- he has no reaction, feels nothing --
text: LCD screens -- show a VIRTUAL MAP OF RAYMOND'S BRAIN, in a
text: full range of primary colors -- sections morphing as
text: thoughts and memories race through his mind, as
text: MINISCULE, INTERWOVEN WIRES -- are threaded down through the
text: HOLLOW core of the surgical drill, deep into Raymond's
text: brain. Noyle plays to one of the cameras:
dialog: 8/18/03 46.
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: No decay, no slippage. Everything
text: appears to be in flawless working
dialog: condition.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Raymond can you remember the deaths of
dialog: Mavole and Baker?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes.
text: The LCD SCREENS show activity in areas of Raymond's brain.
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: Describe it.
scene_heading: 84 INT. SKID ROW RESIDENTIAL HOTEL - NIGHT 84
text: Marco knocking at Melvin's door again.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: ... Al? You in there?
text: Still nothing. He checks the hallway, takes an Army utility
text: knife from his pocket and forces the lock --
scene_heading: 85 INT. MELVIN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 85
text: The light switch doesn't work. Click, click. Eerie shudder
text: of neon from the sign on the building, shapes crowd the
text: room, claustrophobic ...
text: ... Marco has a PENLIGHT -- he turns it on, sweeps in front
text: of him with its weak beam:
text: THE ROOM -- stacked floor to ceiling with old newspapers,
text: magazines, and HUNDREDS AND HUNDREDS OF NOTEBOOKS, covering
text: nearly every available surface.
text: Marco picks up a notebook. Moves to a desk and sits. Opens
dialog: the book --
speaker_heading: 86 OMITTED 86
speaker_heading: 87 OMITTED 87
text: 88 BEAM OF THE PENLIGHT aimed down at pages filled with CRUDE 88
scene_heading: DRAWINGS OF BRAINS/TOMATOES -- number-gibberish (cross-
dialog: sections, size and weight parameters, and growth sequences)
scene_heading: -- AMERICAN FLAGS --
text: -- in the margins, many attempts to capture likenesses of
text: DR. NOYLE AND THE MYSTERIOUS ARABIC WOMAN, repeatedly
dialog: crossed out, never right.
dialog: 8/18/03 47.
scene_heading: FB88 FLASH: DREAMSCAPE FB88
text: Noyle turning toward us, eyes bright --
speaker_heading: RESUME - MARCO
text: -- under the headline WHAT HAPPENED, extremely small,
text: cramped handwriting that goes on for pages --
dialog: "The recon ends without incident, and we are
dialog: heading back to forward command..."
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (V.O.)
dialog: (fades up:)
dialog: ... we're heading back to forward
text: command. The night is clear. Stars but
dialog: no moon --
text: Marco closes the book, opens another journal. Same
text: drawings. Same title page. Same cramped writing, that
dialog: begins exactly the same way --
scene_heading: 89 TIGHT - RAYMOND (STREAMING VIDEO) 89
text: The video feed from Noyle's hidden hotel room cameras,
text: digital, herky-jerky:
speaker_heading: TV89 RAYMOND (VIDEO) TV89
dialog: -- We're engaged unexpectedly by ground
text: forces with helicopter support. In the
text: ensuing firefight, Bobby Baker gets
text: himself separated to the left. Mavole
dialog: goes after him ...
scene_heading: 90 INT. MELVIN'S ROOM - NIGHT 90
text: Marco reading these same words, which Melvin has scrawled in
dialog: his journals:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (V.O.)
text: ... An incoming mortar shell kills both
dialog: of them instantly, before I am able to --
scene_heading: FB90 FLASH CUT: A GIANT MONITOR FB90
text: Marco's whole squad, staring at a digital screen animation
text: of Raymond's one-man military fire-fight -- a CGI Hummer
text: with a flaming tire, Raymond heroically spewing machine gun
text: fire at the enemy, exactly as we've seen it in Marco's
dialog: retelling:
speaker_heading: THE TEAM
dialog: (reciting together:)
text: -- instantly before Sergeant Shaw is
dialog: able to locate and eliminate the source
dialog: of the ordnance ...
dialog: 8/18/03 48.
scene_heading: FB90A SHOCK CUT: REFLECTED IN A MIRROR - MARCO FB90A
text: Strapped to a chair back in the dreamscape, head back, his
text: mouth pried open and a hypodermic needle plunged deep up
text: into his palette -- thin electrode wires splayed across his
text: face and neck -- Noyle's just behind him --
speaker_heading: TAPED VOICE
dialog: (distant, foreign, precise:)
dialog: ... locate and eliminate the source of --
speaker_heading: BLINK.
scene_heading: 91 INT. MELVIN'S ROOM - MARCO 91
text: flips compulsively ahead through the notebook, lit by the
text: harsh beam of the penlight. Endless, repetitive writing.
text: FEVERISHLY RENDERED IMPRESSIONS of the dreamscape, medical
text: apparatus, choppers, guns -- MORE and MORE images of Raymond
dialog: Shaw -- of Raymond strangling Mavole --
text: -- and A DRAWING OF A MAN WHO MIGHT BE MARCO, unfinished,
text: uncertain except for the eyes -- Marco with a GUN in his
dialog: hand --
scene_heading: FB91 FLASH: BOBBY BAKER FB91
text: -- as a bullet hole is punched in his forehead -- FALLING
text: AWAY -- with a look of astonishment on his face -- blood
text: just beginning to seep from the wound --
scene_heading: RESUME - MELVIN'S ROOM - MARCO
text: he drops the notebook like it's on fire --
scene_heading: TIGHT - ON THE FLOOR - THE NOTEBOOK
text: -- SKETCHES of Bobby Baker with a bullet hole in his
dialog: forehead --
speaker_heading: MARCO
text: -- topples the chair as he stands up -- and then:
scene_heading: THE BARE, OVERHEAD LIGHTBULB IN THE ROOM
text: shudders to life -- dies -- glows again -- brighter -- AND
speaker_heading: NOW MARCO SEES:
text: THE WALLS OF MELVIN'S APARTMENT
text: are COVERED with DRAWINGS and SCRAWLINGS and newspaper
text: clippings and patterns made with paper plates and empty
text: Noodle containers -- the crazy patterns of the tiles from
text: Noyle's dream lab -- it's as if Marco has entered the mind
dialog: of a mad man -- everything from the notebooks, and more,
dialog: 8/18/03 49.
text: much more -- dominated by tormented, repeated images of
dialog: Raymond Shaw --
dialog: -- Marco is stunned --
text: PUSHING IN -- as a painstakingly rendered DRAWING OF RAYMOND
text: SHAW fills the screen: wild-eyed with SNAKES writhing out of
text: his head, Medusa-like, EVOKING THE WIRES AND TUBES FROM
scene_heading: MARCO'S NIGHTMARE DREAMSCAPE --
scene_heading: 92 TIGHT - NOYLE (VIDEO STREAMING) 92
text: Pixels blown out and distorted, streaming insanely -- Noyle
text: stares right into camera, intent:
speaker_heading: TV92 NOYLE TV92
dialog: Questions?
text: SCREAM OF A TRAIN.
scene_heading: 93 INT. BULLET TRAIN TO NEW YORK - DAY 93
text: Marco sits at a window, eyes closed, head pressed to the
text: glass, the world just a blur beyond him. He opens his eyes,
speaker_heading: SEES:
speaker_heading: LAURENT TOKAR
text: sitting down across from him. Smiling.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: (French accent)
dialog: Is this seat taken?
speaker_heading: SKIP
scene_heading: 94 INT. BULLET TRAIN TO NEW YORK - DAY 94
text: Marco opens his eyes -- head pressed to a window, the world
text: a blur beyond him -- SEES:
text: Nothing. An empty seat opposite him. Laurent was a dream.
text: Marco looks around, self-conscious, and --
scene_heading: THROUGH THE SEATS - A WOMAN'S FACE
text: staring back at him. Not enough to tell much more than
text: she's pretty. Marco looks away, out the window. Then back.
dialog: She's gone. Another dream?
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (ROSIE)
dialog: Maryland's a beautiful state.
text: Marco jumps -- looks. The pretty woman is sitting down
text: opposite him, folding and pushing aside a newspaper with the
text: headline: WHITE HOUSE INSISTS WAR ON TERROR IS STILL
scene_heading: WINNABLE. COST OF PERUVIAN CAMPAIGN HITS $100 BILLION.
dialog: 8/18/03 50.
text: Below the fold: ANGRY MOB KILLS MUSLIM STUDENT AT YALE.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: This is Delaware.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I know. But, Maryland, it's a beautiful
dialog: state anyway.
text: He's staring at her, trying to figure out --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Paper or plastic.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: From the grocery store. You were
dialog: wondering where, we, you know -- and
dialog: right at the check-out stand, "paper or
dialog: plastic," that's me. I see you all the
dialog: time. Bennett Marco. Checks from the
dialog: First National Bank, and you always put
dialog: your spare change into the March of Dimes
dialog: thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Romance novels, instant noodles, No-Doz
dialog: and tomatoes.
dialog: (Marco frowns)
dialog: Anyway, I'm on vacation, holiday in the
dialog: City and so forth, I saw you sitting here
dialog: ... I thought, okay, girl -- it's now or
dialog: never.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: You headed to New York City?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Business?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No. Guy I knew ... in the Army. He's in
dialog: politics now. We've kinda lost touch.
dialog: (awkward beat, then)
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Eugenie.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: 'Scuse me?
dialog: 8/18/03 51.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Yeah. Crazy French pronunciation and
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: It's pretty.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I guess your friends call you Jenny.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Not yet they haven't, thank God. But you
dialog: can call me Jenny.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What do your friends call you?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Rosie. My full name is Eugenie Rose.
dialog: I've always liked the Rosie part better.
dialog: Eugenie is, well, fragile.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Still. When I asked you your name, you
dialog: said it was Eugenie.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Yeah. Well. Maybe 'cause I was feeling
text: fragile. At the time.
text: Beat. Their eyes lock. Marco blinks --
text: FB94 FLASH: PFC. BOBBY BAKER -- stares back at him from where FB94
text: Rosie was sitting. Bullet hole in his forehead and a small,
text: lost smile. Reaching out to him --
speaker_heading: BLINK.
text: ROSIE -- as before. Slight look of puzzlement, because --
text: MARCO -- is on his feet, rattled, moving out to the aisle --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Excuse me.
text: -- and LURCHING toward the back of the train, nearly losing
text: his balance as he goes through the sliding doors.
scene_heading: 95 INT. TRAIN CORRIDOR - AS BEFORE 95
text: -- Marco catches himself, hands against the bulkhead wall
text: near the bathroom. Another PASSENGER squeezes past him,
text: headed in the opposite direction. Marco tries the bathroom
text: door. Locked. OCCUPIED.
dialog: 8/18/03 52.
text: Marco reaches into his pocket for a plastic vial of
text: medicine. Tries to shake one of the TINY PILLS OUT, but --
text: A BURLY PASSENGER in the bathroom emerges and the door
text: SMACKS Marco hard across the back --
text: -- THE PILLS scatter onto the floor --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: OW dammit --
speaker_heading: BIG MAN MARCO
dialog: Sorry. I didn't know you It's okay. It's okay.
dialog: were --
text: -- Marco's DOWN ON HIS KNEES, struggling to gather the pills
text: together and put them back in the plastic vial. The big man
dialog: goes.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
text: sinks down next to him. Calm. Deftly plucking the pills
text: from the floor.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: My mother would tell you to wash these.
text: Marco looks up at her blankly. She takes the vial, caps it,
dialog: gives it back.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I didn't mean to upset you.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: It's not you, it's me. I'm not -- my
dialog: head --
dialog: (gestures uselessly)
dialog: -- nothing's ...
dialog: (stares at her)
dialog: I wish I smoked.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: It's way overrated.
text: They stare at each other. Then:
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Rosie, I'm gonna go in here, wash my
dialog: face, take my pill, and get myself
dialog: together.
text: Marco ducks into the bathroom and shuts the door.
dialog: 8/18/03 53.
scene_heading: 96 INT. TRAIN MEN'S ROOM - DAY 96
text: Marco cups water in his hands and smears it on his face,
text: wiping it away with a paper towel. He comes up looking in
text: the mirror, avoiding his own gaze as --
scene_heading: IN THE MIRROR: THE DOOR OPENS
text: and a man comes partway in -- now it's Dr. Noyle.
text: Marco pivots -- no Noyle. The door is shut, locked. He's
text: all alone. Losing his mind.
scene_heading: 97 INT. TRAIN CORRIDOR - ROSIE 97
text: Lost in thought. Faint smile. She puts her hand flat
text: against the door, then turns and heads back to her seat.
scene_heading: 98 INT. TRAIN MEN'S ROOM - MARCO 98
text: Turns to the mirror again ... and again SEES Dr. Noyle
text: behind him, smiling:
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: Hello Captain. Do you remember me?
text: KNOCKING at the door, a pass-key rattling in it --
scene_heading: 99 INT. TRAIN CORRIDOR - MARCO 99
text: emerges from the bathroom to find an irritated CONDUCTOR now
text: awkwardly trying to extract his key from the door, and Rosie
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR ROSIE
dialog: Are you okay, sir? Ben?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: ... Yeah.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Jesus. You've been in here twenty
dialog: minutes. I thought you'd fallen off.
text: Marco stares at Rosie. Twenty minutes? The train SHUDDERS
dialog: to a halt --
scene_heading: 100 INT. PENN STATION - DAY 100
text: Marco comes up the escalator, into a SEA OF COMMUTERS.
text: Momentarily lost. Rosie is behind him, a moment later with
dialog: her bag, and --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I'm gonna get a cab, you want me to drop
dialog: you somewhere?
dialog: 8/18/03 54.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No. I'm okay, thanks.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Your friend gonna meet you here?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: El Dorado 59970.
dialog: (off Marco's frown)
dialog: My cell phone, in case you -- you know.
dialog: I like to say it the old way -- can you
dialog: remember the number, or should I write it
dialog: on your chest with a sharpie?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (small smile)
dialog: I'll remember.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: You're sweating.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What?
text: Marco feels his shirt -- soaked. Long beat. She reaches
text: out and feels his forehead. No fever. Sizing him up.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Listen. You got a place to go and get
dialog: freshened up?
scene_heading: 101 INT. ROSIE'S COUSIN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 101
text: Rosie lets Marco in. It's incredibly cramped, everything in
text: one room, window facing a brick wall, lots of play posters.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: -- It's my cousin's apartment. She's in
dialog: Cleveland with the road company of 'Mamma
dialog: Mia.' There's ... a view of the park ...
dialog: if you go out on the fire escape and
dialog: kinda ... tilt your head ...
text: Marco puts down the suitcases and waits in the middle of the
text: room while Rosie takes off her coat, turns on some lights.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I'm nervous. I'm sorry. I yak when I
dialog: get nervous.
dialog: 8/18/03 55.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Me, I get quiet.
text: Another awkward beat. She stands there. Studying him.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Dreams, I've been having these --
text: Catches himself. That's just how Melvin said it.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Is that what happened on the train?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Sort of.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I could be dreaming you.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: What if you are?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: You'd be the best dream I've had in a
dialog: long time, Rosie.
text: Beat. Rosie smiles at him.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: If that's a line, Ben Marco, it kinda
dialog: worked.
scene_heading: 102 INT. BATHROOM - SHOWER - MARCO 102
text: The water cascades down on him. He feels around on his back
text: where the door on the train whacked him -- feels something
text: on his shoulder -- a bump -- CAMERA CURLS around as he
text: twists, contorts, can't see it, but feels it and --
speaker_heading: FB102 OMITTED FB102
speaker_heading: ROSIE'S VOICE
dialog: (distant)
dialog: Ben?
scene_heading: TIGHT - MARCO'S HAND
text: turning off the shower, hard --
dialog: 8/18/03 56.
scene_heading: 103 RESUME - ROSIE'S COUSIN'S APARTMENT 103
text: She's sitting, watching the closed bathroom door. No noise
text: from the shower.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Earth to Ben -- how're you doing in
dialog: there?
scene_heading: 104 INT. BATHROOM - MARCO 104
text: hyper, rummaging through the vanity, searching for -- pair
dialog: of cuticle scissors, tweezers, anything sharp -- a little
text: basket of sample perfumes CRASHES into the sink --
speaker_heading: ROSIE (O.S.)
speaker_heading: (KNOCKING loudly)
dialog: Ben, what's going on -- are you okay --?
text: Marco finds a razor blade -- twisting it clumsily in his
text: fingers to reach the slight bump on his back he can only
dialog: barely see in the mirror --
scene_heading: 105 INTERCUT - ROSIE - OUTSIDE THE DOOR 105
text: -- Rosie's KNOCKING HARDER, NOW.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Ben, I need you to open this door. Okay?
dialog: Just for a sec.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're scaring me. Ben --?
scene_heading: 106 INT. BATHROOM - MARCO 106
text: He SLASHES at the lump. Blood blossoms. SLASHES again,
text: oblivious to pain.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: BEN MARCO!?
text: PUSH IN as Ben presses the blade sharply down into his skin
text: ... cutting a slit through which the blunt edge of
scene_heading: AN EXTREMELY TINY OBLONG THING
text: appears, like a grain of rice. It slides out into Ben's
text: bloody fingers.
text: 107 Rosie's PUSHING against the door, trying to force it open. 107
speaker_heading: 108 MARCO 108
text: puts his trembling hand under the faucet, grips the thing
text: between two fingers, turns on the water --
dialog: 8/18/03 57.
scene_heading: 109 THE DOOR - ROSIE 109
text: breaks in -- sees the BLOOD smeared down Marco's back --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Oh Jesus.
text: -- and the razor in his hand -- she pushes him away --
speaker_heading: MARCO
text: -- loses his grip on the oblong thing before he can even get
text: a good look at it, and it goes into the sink --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: SHIT. Oh no NO ...
text: -- and down the drain -- Marco twists the faucet off, and
speaker_heading: DIVES TO
scene_heading: FLOOR LEVEL - UNDER THE SINK
text: where he puts both hands on the fittings of the u-joint trap
text: and struggles to get them loose -- succeeding finally, water
dialog: spewing everywhere --
text: -- the trap falls to the floor, disgorging soap chips, slimy
dialog: hairballs and pipe corrosion and water ... but not the thing
dialog: he wants. It's --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- Gone. Shit.
text: MARCO -- rests his head on the cool tile, eyes far away.
text: Defeated. Rosie crouches next to him. A little scared.
text: She blots the blood from his back with the towel, and then
text: presses her ice pack against it.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Tell me you saw that.
text: Rosie just stares at him.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (hollow)
dialog: You didn't. You didn't see it.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: See what?
text: Marco closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Proof.
dialog: 8/18/03 58.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: My sanity.
scene_heading: 110 EXT. ISOLATED WAREHOUSE - ON THE HUDSON RIVER - DAY 110
text: Stark building with a huge parking lot and only one car
text: parked in it. A CAB pulls through the open gate, stops.
text: Marco gets out.
speaker_heading: DELP (V.O.)
dialog: Implant delusions. Number three on the
dialog: paranoid top ten list.
scene_heading: 111 INT. WAREHOUSE STAIRWAY - DAY 111
text: Ben and RICHARD DELP ascend at a good clip. Delp wears a
text: lab coat, trappings of a medical researcher:
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: This wasn't a delusion.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: That's what they all say, Marco.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Some wicked shit got sprayed on you guys
dialog: during Desert Storm. Besides all the
dialog: depleted uranium, I mean ...
text: He stops, unlocks a door, and they go --
scene_heading: 112 INT. DELP'S RESEARCH LAB - SKY BOOTH - DAY 112
text: A narrow, glassed-in space with a cluster of monitoring
text: equipment against the wall of darkened windows. Fluorescent
text: lights flicker on, revealing a CAVERNOUS SPACE BELOW, in
text: which an intricate MAZE of CAGES contains unhappy, SCREAMING
text: research MONKEYS with Orwellian stainless-steel hardware and
text: antennae bolted to their bisected skulls. Strange SOUNDS
text: and various LIGHTING EFFECTS emerge from the different
dialog: sections.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: ... I personally know of a coupla Rangers
dialog: who swear that they see only in tertiary
dialog: colors now --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- Delp.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: -- and can pick up sports talk radio in
dialog: their cortical block if they get too
text: close to a Con-Ed transformer.
dialog: 8/18/03 59.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- Delp. It's not GWS.
text: Delp has known Marco too long, and too well, not to take him
dialog: seriously.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: A dozen years ago, the Army did this tiny
dialog: implantable I.D. thing -- you could imbed
text: it under the skin, then scan it like a
dialog: bar code for medical emergency
dialog: information, blood-type, DNA. Pentagon
dialog: ordered up half a million, and stuck
dialog: about five thousand experimentally into
dialog: high-risk soldiers and infantry. But the
text: scanners proved skittish and field
dialog: hospitals hated 'em, so the whole deal
text: got eighty-sixed and forgotten.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: The Army never put one in me.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: That you know of, man. That you know of.
dialog: (then)
dialog: How'd you find me?
speaker_heading: MARCO (V.O.)
dialog: I looked under Mad Scientists in the
text: yellow pages -- there was a full page ad.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: Ha ha.
text: Marco stares down into a big pit. Among the racks of
text: equipment are two primate-sized stainless-steel beds with
text: restraints and I.V. trees waiting.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: You seriously believe somebody's messed
dialog: with your mother board.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What are you studying here, Delp?
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: Fear.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: For the Agency?
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: Nah, CIA cut me loose in '97 during the
dialog: Macedonian debacle. Now I got this
dialog: little grant from Wal-Mart.
dialog: 8/18/03 60.
text: Wal-Mart? Fear? Marco looks at the monkeys. Doesn't want
text: to know any more. He shifts his gaze back to Delp. Studies
dialog: him. Then:
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Look, Delp. My experiences during the
dialog: war, in Kuwait ... feel dreamlike to me.
dialog: And my dreams? About what happened?
dialog: Feel as real as you and me, here, right
dialog: now.
text: Delp just waits.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: It's like ... I feel like somewhere along
dialog: the line, I've been ... brainwashed. Or
dialog: something. You know? All scrambled up.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: We've all been brainwashed, Marco.
dialog: Religion, advertising, television.
dialog: Politics. We accept what's normal
dialog: because we're told it's normal and we
dialog: crave normalcy. Hell, look at the
dialog: Germans under Hitler. Disco, in the
dialog: seventies.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And if you're really worried about
text: somebody imbedding electric probes and
dialog: computer chips in your brain to make you
dialog: do things -- it's horseshit, man. Turns
dialog: out Pavlov had it right from the getgo.
dialog: Dogs and all. A little ECT and sleep
dialog: deprivation will do the trick for a
dialog: fraction of the price. Ask the Uzbeks.
dialog: And you would remember it.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What about my dreams?
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: What if all this is the fucking dream and
dialog: you're still back in Kuwait?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: You're not helping me.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: I am. You're not helping yourself.
dialog: Reality is consensual, man. You just
dialog: gotta prove it up. Or play it out.
speaker_heading: 113 OMITTED 113
speaker_heading: 114 OMITTED 114
dialog: 8/18/03 61.
scene_heading: 115 NEWS FOOTAGE - AIRPORT ARRIVAL (VIDEO) 115
text: TV115 Raymond emerges from a private jet, waves to a crowd of TV115
text: supporters behind a chain link fence --
scene_heading: 116 EXT. TETERBORO AIRPORT - TARMAC - CHARTER ARRIVALS - DAY 116
text: Same. Raymond, his handlers, his Secret Service escort walk
text: a gauntlet of news cameras, REPORTERS lob questions from
text: behind a barrier:
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Congressman Shaw! Why do you and Gov.
dialog: Arthur oppose deploying troops in
dialog: Indonesia?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: We can't clean up the world with dirty
dialog: hands.
scene_heading: MOVING WITH - MARCO
text: as he keeps pace with Raymond, walking, moving behind the
text: reporters, weaving through the crowd.
scene_heading: REPORTER #2 REPORTER #3
dialog: What about your mother's Is your mother helping or
dialog: allegation that a nuclear hurting your campaign?
dialog: attack on this country from
dialog: a secret alliance of rogue
dialog: states is certain within two
dialog: years?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Guys, I gave up a long time ago trying to
dialog: second guess my mother. I'm just
dialog: surprised the rest of you haven't.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Do you ever dream about Kuwait?
text: Heads turning to find Marco, folder under his arm -- strange
text: looks -- Secret Service poised to react, but Raymond slows,
text: looks -- sees Marco. A cloud passing over his features:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I can never remember my dreams.
text: MORE QUESTIONS lobbed out, overlapping, but Raymond ignores
text: them. Marco pushes through as Raymond assures Anderson:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- it's okay. I know him, it's okay.
dialog: 8/18/03 62.
scene_heading: 117 INT. LIMOUSINE - DAY 117
text: Raymond and Marco in the back seat facing forward. Anderson
text: and campaign handler MIRELLA FREEMAN sit facing them,
text: talking low, on a cell phone, as:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I saw Mavole's Mom and Dad in St. Louis.
dialog: I still visit them -- and Baker's mom --
dialog: when I can. Do you keep up with anybody
dialog: from the unit besides Al Melvin?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I don't keep up with Al Melvin. He found
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Why did you ask me about Kuwait?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (pleasantly:)
dialog: I didn't. I asked you about your dreams.
dialog: At the fundraiser -- why did you say you
dialog: needed to talk to me?
speaker_heading: MIRELLA
dialog: (covers the phone)
dialog: Mr. Shaw, excuse me -- they want to know
dialog: if you'll do an interview with Larry King
dialog: at six.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No.
dialog: (to Marco)
dialog: What do you want from me, Captain?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Major. Forty minutes of your time.
speaker_heading: MIRELLA
dialog: No to the interview, or no to six?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: He wants to talk about my mother. No.
text: He looks at Marco --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Private time.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Well, we've got about five minutes, right
dialog: now. And this is as private as it gets
dialog: for me anymore, so ...
text: Beat. He waits. Anderson staring at Marco.
dialog: 8/18/03 63.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: There are these dreams that ... some of
dialog: the men in our unit have been having.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Including you?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: It's a question of what actually happened
dialog: the night our patrol was attacked --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: That's easy.
dialog: (almost automatic)
dialog: RPG incoming. Mortar fire, we're
dialog: ambushed. Total chaos. I can't locate
dialog: Baker or Mavole. You're knocked
dialog: unconscious -- I find you and pull you to
dialog: safety and then --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: -- Yeah, that's how I remember it, too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I dream something else.
text: The limo pulls to a curb --
scene_heading: 118 EXT. ARTHUR/SHAW N.Y. CAMPAIGN OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON 118
text: Through the windows SEE a crowded clutter of desks, phone
text: volunteers, stacks of pamphlets. A giant SECURE TOMORROW
text: logo looms above, flanked by beaming likenesses of Robert
text: Arthur and Raymond Shaw. Anderson comes out and opens the
text: limo door for Raymond. Marco struggles out behind him:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Am I in your dreams?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Doing what?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (evasive)
dialog: -- You know.
text: Raymond steps just outside the entrance to his office.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Saving everybody?
text: PEDESTRIANS pass between them on the crowded sidewalk.
dialog: 8/18/03 64.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: It's more complicated than that.
text: Marco reaches into his folder, pulls out one of Melvin's
dialog: notebooks --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: People just don't have the same dreams
dialog: accidentally --
dialog: (holds out the notebook)
dialog: -- Melvin made drawings, he wrote down
dialog: what he dreamed, this is one of his
dialog: notebooks -- it's all in here.
text: -- and Raymond's staring at the notebook without taking it,
dialog: the way Marco once did with Melvin. Anderson and Mirella --
text: the staffers in the office -- are all staring at Marco the
text: same way the Boy Scouts once stared at Melvin.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I don't have dreams, Captain.
dialog: (then, gently:)
dialog: Maybe you should ... see somebody -- talk
dialog: to somebody who specializes in this kind
dialog: of thing --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I've been to doctors.
dialog: ... which is exactly what Melvin said to him.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Okay. Okay, I'm sorry.
text: Marco nods again, numb, makes a vague resigned gesture.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I'm not crazy, Shaw.
text: He jams the notebook back into his folder, starts to walk
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (calls after)
dialog: Captain --
dialog: (then)
dialog: -- Major.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Ben.
text: Marco stops, turns.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Are you hungry?
dialog: 8/18/03 65.
scene_heading: 119 INT. RAYMOND'S PRIVATE OFFICE - CAMPAIGN HQ - DUSK 119
text: Huge posters featuring Raymond's face, emblazoned with
text: SECURE TOMORROW, stacked against the wall. A desk covered
text: with papers and enough take-out Chinese food for ten people,
text: and Raymond sits behind it, nursing a glass of wine, and
text: pointedly ignoring Melvin's notebook, while:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I kill Mavole?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: It's a dream --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- could mean something else.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- could be I'm just supposed to think
dialog: you did.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- I killed the enemy. I didn't know
dialog: them, either. So it was okay. And,
dialog: anyway, I remember what we did in Kuwait,
dialog: I remember it perfectly. But now that
dialog: you mention it, I don't remember doing it
dialog: ... exactly.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Maybe you didn't.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: NO. What a thought.
text: Now he picks up the dream book. Marco watches. Raymond
text: flips through the pages for a moment, dismissively. Then
text: stops at something Melvin has drawn. Frowns. Raises his
text: eyebrows. Closes it, sets it down:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Life is so bizarre, isn't it? This
text: absurd campaign, the sordid world of
dialog: politics, my whole public life and
dialog: persona -- sometimes, occasionally, for
text: an instant, the fog clears and I look and
dialog: I think, what am I doing? I mean, what
dialog: the fuck am I doing? Posing and grinning
text: like a goddamn sock puppet, shaking hands
dialog: with total strangers who must be blind if
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 8/18/03 66.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (CONT'D)
dialog: they can't see what I am, at the core.
dialog: What my mother has made me.
text: Raymond looks steadily at Marco ... who nods, interested:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: A Prentiss. Ferociously, a Prentiss --
dialog: but not a Shaw, God forbid -- I was
text: molded by cold hard hands, every detail
dialog: of my existence preordained. Can you
dialog: even imagine, Ben, how it would feel
dialog: never to have a say in what your life
dialog: would be? I was twenty years old before
dialog: I had a friend -- no, worse, a girlfriend
dialog: -- well, almost -- but, yes, a friend, or
dialog: I thought so -- outside my mother's
dialog: circle of approved encounters -- and it
dialog: didn't -- she wouldn't -- precipitating
dialog: my one act of rebellion, storming off and
dialog: enlisting --
dialog: (grimaces)
dialog: -- in the Army. Which, ironically, only
dialog: served ultimately to pad my gilded
dialog: Prentiss resume. You know: "fluent in
dialog: five languages, Phi Beta Kappa,
dialog: Congressional Medal of Honor, blah blah
dialog: blah."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And after the war I came back to her.
dialog: And the family legacy. This. Mother
dialog: calls it, "fulfilling my Manifest
dialog: Prentiss Destiny."
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Why did you come back, Raymond? What
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: What?
text: Seeming startled, Raymond's reverie is broken. His eyes
text: harden as he refocuses on Marco.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Weren't you listening? Mother happened.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You know, the truth is, I hate it. I've
dialog: always despised it.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (lost)
dialog: Which?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: The medal. The cloying adulation of the
dialog: little people. Your pitiful jealousy --
dialog: 8/18/03 67.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Who said I was jealous?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I don't have the dreams, Ben.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: How can you not remember saving the unit?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I do. I said I did.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: You said you don't remember doing it.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Ha ha, don't mix me up, I'm tired, and --
dialog: Fine. It's like this. It's as if I know
dialog: what will happen, Ben, but I never get to
dialog: the part where I feel that it actually
dialog: did happen. But I think that's probably
dialog: perfectly normal.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Did you ever talk to anybody about this
dialog: little discrepancy?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: What? No. Who would I ask? My old Army
dialog: "buddies," who love and adore me for
dialog: saving their pathetically unimportant --
dialog: present company excluded -- asses?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No. You ask Army Intelligence.
dialog: (getting excited)
dialog: Look, we can go together, tomorrow. You
dialog: tell them what you just told me,
dialog: everything you do remember, what you
dialog: don't "exactly" remember, about Kuwait,
dialog: let 'em run some tests on you --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I'm sure the press would have a field day
dialog: with that.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Raymond. They put an implant in me. I
dialog: found it yesterday. Maybe they put one
dialog: in you.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Nobody's put anything in me.
dialog: 8/18/03 68.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Great. Let's prove it. We can go get an
dialog: x-ray -- we can check it right now --
text: Marco moves toward him, Raymond backs away --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I want to be supportive of you, Ben, I
dialog: do, but --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Just check your back, Raymond --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- this can wait until after the
dialog: election.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What are you afraid of? See if there's a
dialog: bump.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You should leave. This is not, this is
dialog: not --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- just check --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (without checking)
dialog: There's nothing there!
text: Marco LUNGES at Raymond -- they fall, together, over the
text: desk, onto the floor -- Chinese food scattering.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Somebody was in your head, with big steel-
text: toe boots, a couple of cable cutters and
dialog: a chainsaw, and they went to town!
dialog: Neurons got wasted, circuits rewired,
dialog: brain cells obliterated --
text: KNOCKING at the door:
speaker_heading: ANDERSON (O.S.)
dialog: Congressman Shaw?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- you don't even know what they did!
dialog: You don't -- you can't CONCEIVE what they
dialog: did to you -- and you're worried about
dialog: some lame-ass reporters!?
text: -- where Marco (stronger, better-trained) wraps Raymond in a
text: headlock, RIPS Raymond's shirt from the shoulder --
dialog: 8/18/03 69.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: If I'm wrong they can put me the fuck
dialog: away --
speaker_heading: ANDERSON (O.S.)
dialog: -- are you okay?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Ben --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- there -- there's -- something --
text: INSISTENT KNOCKING at the door. Marco CLAWS AT THE SKIN on
text: RAYMOND'S BACK -- sinks his teeth in --
text: -- Raymond shakes him off, and MARCO slams into the wall.
text: The office door BANGS open --
text: Anderson and other agents SWARM Marco -- there's blood
text: smeared on Marco's mouth, his jaws are clenched --
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: (disbelief)
text: He bit him.
dialog: (at Raymond)
dialog: Sir, did he bite you?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No.
text: MARCO -- shoved to the floor -- twisted -- handcuffed --
text: blood SMEARING across the carpet -- his eyes wild with
dialog: adrenaline and fear --
text: RAYMOND -- his hand goes to his back -- his eyes LOCK with
text: Marco's for an instant -- then Marco is hustled out the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: Sir --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: NOTHING HAPPENED!
text: Horrified campaign workers crane necks to see inside. Mute
text: with shock, Raymond pulls his hand away from his back.
text: Hides the blood.
speaker_heading: 120 OMITTED 120
scene_heading: A121 EXT. MANHATTAN - STATUE OF LIBERTY - DAY A121
text: The giant lady is gilded by sunlight, virgin and
text: unapproachable.
dialog: 8/18/03 70.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (V.O.)
dialog: You want to help him?
scene_heading: 121 INT. ELEGANT MANHATTAN RESTAURANT - PRIVATE ROOM - DAY 121
text: Raymond and Ellie. Through the wavy glass we see a crowded
text: dining room, the ever-present Secret Service.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No. That'd be political suicide. Of
dialog: course not. I want you to help him.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I can't even imagine why.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Because I feel sorry for him. Because I
dialog: said I would.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: What should we do? Make him a General?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Mother. Look. My campaign people are
dialog: getting a restraining order, he's going
dialog: on all the security watch-lists -- but I
dialog: won't lock him up. I'm not pressing
dialog: charges.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: It's complicated -- I don't know. It's
dialog: just complicated and I don't want to talk
dialog: about it, I want to get back to the
dialog: campaign and focus on --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: You don't actually believe his story?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No. But he does. And he's a fine
dialog: soldier and ... my friend. And if his
dialog: slim hold on sanity requires that I
dialog: tolerate his delusions until he can get
dialog: help, I'll do it. It doesn't diminish
dialog: me. And I'm not afraid of him.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: This is why voters love you. Your
dialog: humanity and everything. I've never
dialog: projected humanity.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes I think telling people you want to
dialog: "round up all the towelheads and throw
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 8/18/03 71.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (CONT'D)
dialog: them in a deep pit" probably tips your
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: That was a joke, you dreadful boy.
text: A BUSBOY delivers Ellie her meal: a thick steak stuffed with
text: viscous grey -- off Raymond's disgust:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Carpetbag steak.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Stuffed. With oysters?
text: She starts to cut meat into child-like, bite-sized pieces
text: and put them on a side plate, for Raymond.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: The steak part is mostly for you.
dialog: Doesn't it look yummy?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: My God. In the world's literature of
dialog: food could there possibly be a more
dialog: vulgar dish?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: And eating it is an absolute sexual
dialog: experience. Try some.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Promise me that you'll help him.
text: Ellie stops, sighs, puts her fork down and reaches for the
text: oversized-satchel that doubles as her briefcase and purse.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Oh, Raymond, how much do you really know
dialog: about your friend?
text: Ellie finds two thick files and plops them down, as
text: punctuation, in front of Raymond.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. FEDERAL BUILDING (MANHATTAN) - DAY 122
dialog: Establishing --
scene_heading: PHOTOGRAPHS - SCENE PHOTOS - AL MELVIN'S DEAD BODY
text: being pulled from the chilly waters of the Potomac. Some
text: clinical AUTOPSY glossies.
speaker_heading: MARCO (V.O.)
dialog: Al Melvin ...
dialog: 8/18/03 72.
scene_heading: 123 INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 123
text: Marco stares, troubled and sad, at bleak photographs of Al
text: Melvin's bloated, waterlogged corpse.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I went to talk to him. But he wasn't
dialog: there.
text: Across from him are three impatient FBI AGENTS (RAMIREZ,
text: GOLDRING and JONAS). Ramirez has the notebook Marco took
text: from Melvin's. Goldring pushes a tiny digital tape recorder
dialog: closer to Marco:
scene_heading: AGENT GOLDRING
dialog: Talk about what?
text: Marco hesitates -- looks to Lt. Col. Howard, who sits
text: grimly, off the one side, with Col. Garret.
scene_heading: AGENT GOLDRING
dialog: Dreams?
text: A lone woman, SPECIAL AGENT VOLK, sits in a distant corner
text: on a folding chair. She's implacable, staring intently at
text: Marco. Ramirez holds up the notebook -- a page of crazy
text: drawings and text.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yeah, there are hundreds more of those in
dialog: his apartment. Did your people check out
dialog: his place --?
speaker_heading: AGENT JONAS
dialog: Colonel Garret kindly showed us the file
dialog: on you, Marco, you're the shit: Special
dialog: Forces. Rangers. Delta.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I wanted to talk to Corporal Melvin about
dialog: some unanswered questions involving our
dialog: reconnaissance mission in Kuwait, back in
dialog: '91 --
speaker_heading: AGENT JONAS
dialog: (talks over him)
dialog: And he wasn't there, so, what -- you
dialog: thought it'd be okay to break in and wait
dialog: for him?
text: Marco carefully, respectfully stacks the photographs of
text: Melvin and turns them over. Exchanges a glance with the
dialog: female agent.
dialog: 8/18/03 73.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (at Howard)
dialog: I know this game. Will you explain to
dialog: them that I know this game?
speaker_heading: AGENT RAMIREZ
dialog: Oh right. Army Intelligence. Isn't that
dialog: an oxymoron?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yeah. Kinda like 'special agent.'
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: Cut it out, Major.
scene_heading: AGENT GOLDRING
dialog: What's your obsession with Raymond Shaw?
speaker_heading: AGENT RAMIREZ
dialog: Man of his dreams.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Listen, you might want to advise your ME
dialog: to check for an implant in Corporal
text: Melvin's back -- under the skin, just shy
dialog: of the scapula, left side ... if he's not
text: looking for it, he won't find it.
text: Implant. The Feds just stare at him. Like he's nuts.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I didn't have anything to do with
text: Corporal Melvin's death.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONAS
dialog: Yeah, well, that's your opinion, but
dialog: judging from your file here, apparently
dialog: you don't know your shit from your
dialog: oatmeal, my friend --
text: Marco snaps, spins out of his chair and lunges at Jonas --
text: Lt. Col. Howard and the other agents step between the two
dialog: men -- pull them apart --
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: (re: Jonas)
dialog: Get this man out of here.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONAS
dialog: (taunting Marco)
dialog: Go ahead, nutball. Try it.
text: Marco PUNCHES the agent so hard it knocks him down to the
text: floor between the other two.
speaker_heading: AGENT JONAS
dialog: -- He hit me! Fuck!
dialog: 8/18/03 74.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: He said I could.
text: Colonel Garret shoves Marco back into a chair, stays in the
dialog: middle of the fracas, while --
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: Okay, OKAY --! That's enough.
dialog: Gentlemen, I need a moment with Major
dialog: Marco. Now.
text: The Federal Agents retreat with their bloodied-nose, cold-
text: cocked colleague, door slamming behind them.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Evidently this has been going on for
dialog: years ...
text: Only Agent Volk remains, unmoved by what just occurred.
text: CLOSE ON - MARCO, catching his breath.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (V.O.)
dialog: ... Sad little Tin Soldier.
scene_heading: 124 INT. ELEGANT RESTAURANT - PRIVATE ROOM - DAY 124
text: Ellie eats, while Raymond flips through Marco's extensive
dialog: file: cross-agency surveillance, Army psychological
dialog: profiling, FBI updates. Repeated buzzwords like: "mentally
dialog: unstable," "obsessed with Raymond Shaw," "delusional,"
dialog: "borderline functional," "acute stress disorder ..."
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Isn't it disgraceful the way troubled
dialog: individuals are allowed to simply walk
dialog: around with the rest of us until
dialog: something horrible happens? Another
dialog: failure of the HMOs. I'm thinking of
dialog: sponsoring a bill, with Senator Friedman
dialog: of Rhode Island --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- I don't care.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Well, imagine how terrified your people
dialog: were yesterday when Major Marco showed up
dialog: at the airport and you invited him -- my
dialog: God, invited him -- to tag along.
dialog: Knowing what they knew.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I know him. I served under him. He was
dialog: a good man.
dialog: 8/18/03 75.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: That's what the neighbors always say
dialog: about serial killers.
text: Raymond stares at an old PHOTOGRAPH OF MARCO: curled up in a
text: fetal position, on a V.A. hospital bed.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Perhaps we could arrange a promotion to a
text: less stressful posting. Somewhere
dialog: tropical.
scene_heading: 125 INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 125
text: Marco with Howard, who's visibly upset. He likes Marco, it
text: breaks his heart to watch him unravelling like this. Agent
text: Volk remains in her chair, on the other side of the room:
text: The door opens, and Col. Garret comes in, with Agent
dialog: Goldring, who gives Marco back his personal effects, and:
scene_heading: AGENT GOLDRING
dialog: Goodbye.
dialog: (to Marco)
dialog: Get out of here.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: He's free to go?
scene_heading: AGENT GOLDRING
dialog: Shaw won't press charges, and he's got
dialog: juice with important friends. It's
dialog: today's daily double.
text: Agent Volk closes her notebook and moves past Goldring as he
text: picks up the tape recorder. She glances at Howard, and
text: leaves the room.
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: Someone from Senator Eleanor Shaw's
dialog: office called and intervened on your
dialog: behalf.
text: A beat. Marco, trying to process all this:
speaker_heading: COLONEL GARRET
dialog: Major, you have reached the terminal end
dialog: of the Army's patience. You're relieved
dialog: of duty, effective immediately.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
text: There's a young neurologist at Walter
dialog: Reed. Zahn. He's had considerable
dialog: success with GWS -- I want you to get
dialog: your affairs in order and report to him
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 8/18/03 76.
speaker_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD (CONT'D)
dialog: for evaluation and treatment first thing
dialog: Monday morning.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Sir, I know all about Dr. Zahn.
dialog: Remember? He's that guy who --
dialog: (catches himself)
dialog: Sir. Yes sir.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry.
scene_heading: LT. COL. HOWARD
dialog: Me too, Ben.
speaker_heading: 126 OMITTED 126
scene_heading: 127 SERIES OF X-RAYS 127
dialog: micro-circuitry, neat as a pin --
speaker_heading: DELP'S VOICE
dialog: I thought you said you lost this.
scene_heading: TIGHT - THROUGH A STEREOSCOPIC MICROSCOPE - THE IMPLANT
text: falls into focus, smooth and etched with integrated circuits
text: as intricate and beautiful as a henna tattoo ...
speaker_heading: MARCO'S VOICE
dialog: I found it again.
scene_heading: 128 INT. DELP'S LAB - SKYBOOTH - NIGHT 128
text: Delp looks up from the microscope, at Marco.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: These are not supposed to exist, man.
dialog: These are only theoretical.
dialog: -- leaves the statement hanging --
scene_heading: 129 INT. DELP'S LAB - MAIN FLOOR - MOMENTS LATER 129
text: Delp freaked and hyper, gathering wires and whatnot from
text: shelves -- a veritable armload, as:
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: You sure you want to do this man?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: -- because I don't.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I'll owe you one.
dialog: 8/18/03 77.
text: Delp rounds a corner -- monkeys scrambling around their
text: cages as he comes to the clearing where
speaker_heading: MARCO
text: sits on one of the experimental gurneys, using a pen to
text: write on his arm.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: No. I'll still owe you for getting my
dialog: sorry ass out of Albania.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- Talk to me about the implant.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: Manchurian Global. Heard of 'em?
dialog: (off Marco:)
dialog: Private equity fund, specializes in
dialog: military support services and weapons
dialog: research ... including a certain Army
dialog: implant project that went belly-up in the
dialog: early 90s.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: You said the Army implants were for
dialog: medical emergency data.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: The ones they publicized were. But, oh
dialog: man, there was a parallel project of all
dialog: kinds of scary implantable shit the
text: Clinton watchdogs finally freaked out
dialog: over, and closed down.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: How do you know all this?
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: Cuz they funded me to make some of their
dialog: scary shit.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What does it do?
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: I don't know. I don't want to know. You
dialog: don't want to know -- shit -- it's out of
dialog: you, and you're still alive. That's the
dialog: good news.
dialog: (off his arm)
dialog: What are you doing?
scene_heading: INTERCUT - MARCO'S FOREARM
text: He's scrawling words on his palm, with a ballpoint pen:
scene_heading: ROSIE. RAYMOND SHAW. MANCHURIAN-GLOBAL ...
dialog: 8/18/03 78.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Back-up in case this makes me forget some
dialog: stuff I want to remember.
speaker_heading: DELP
text: eases Marco back on the gurney, deftly puts some I.V. taps
text: into his arms. Marco's legs hang over the edge.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: These are built for monkeys, so bear
dialog: with me, man.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: He's putting thread-thin electrodes INTO Marco's head, just
text: beneath the skin.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: I'm putting you on a cocktail of
text: methohexitol to take the edge off.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Edge off what?
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: 'Getting clarity.' Or whatever you want
dialog: to call it -- ECT not being the precise
dialog: science that, say, leeching is.
text: Wires snake across the floor to the ECT [Electro-Convulsive
dialog: Therapy] unit.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: You don't think this is going to work.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: It's the desperation move, man. But,
dialog: hey. There is a school of thought, says
dialog: a victim of induced abreaction -- or
dialog: ultra-paradoxical brain activity, if
dialog: you're at all correct about what happened
dialog: to you -- can have it effectively
text: dispersed by electroshock. Unscrambled.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- But?
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: But the legions of naysayers will tell
dialog: you that if the initial work's done
dialog: correctly -- if the brain's been not just
dialog: washed, but dry-cleaned --
text: Takes out a bite-guard and puts it in Marco's mouth:
dialog: 8/18/03 79.
speaker_heading: DELP
dialog: -- fuhgetaboutit. No sale.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Try to relax, okay?
text: He throws the switch, sending electric current through
dialog: Marco's head --
text: -- Marco's body ARCHES off the table and he goes into
dialog: seizure --
text: IMAGES FADE IN AND OUT:
text: FB129 -- a man in a gas mask JAMS his rifle butt down. FADE FB129
speaker_heading: OUT.
text: FBA129-- black-clad soldiers swarm Marco's team. FADE OUT. FBA129
text: FBB129-- inside of a helicopter, grey light fluttering -- FBB129
text: Laurent, gas mask down, confers with a pilot. FADE OUT.
text: FBC129-- jetting low across dark water as dawn breaks. FADE FBC129
speaker_heading: OUT.
scene_heading: FBD129-- impression of an abandoned village -- FBD129
scene_heading: FBE129-- an abandoned beach -- FBE129
text: FBF129-- ruins of an ancient caravansary -- FBF129
text: FBG129-- float DOWN on the upturned face of NOYLE. FADE OUT. FBG129
text: FBH129-- Marco's HEAD SLAMMED DOWN, hard surface, a gun-like FBH129
text: ELECTRIC IMPLANT device FIRES its package into the skin
text: near Marco's shoulder-blade. FADE OUT.
text: FBI129-- impressions of Melvin, Baker, Mavole, drugged, wired FBI129
text: up. FADE OUT.
scene_heading: FBJ129-- Raymond releasing Mavole's throat -- FBJ129
text: FBK129-- Bobby Baker, bloody hole in his forehead, falling FBK129
dialog: away --
text: FBL129-- the crazy pattern of the tile -- FBL129
text: FBM129-- and Marco running, RUSHING FORWARD -- toward daylight, FBM129
text: past other platoon members, wires and I.V. tubes snaking
text: upward, watching animated Raymond Shaw hero footage on a
text: plasma screen, patriotic music BLARING.
text: FBN129-- breaking outside, a glimpse of the azure sea waiting FBN129
dialog: there --
text: -- but DOWN, TACKLED ... FADE OUT.
text: FBO129-- stumbling from helicopters into a rotor-torn FBO129
text: sandstorm -- the dust clearing to reveal ... weary,
text: dazed, exhausted soldiers in the middle of nowhere, under an
dialog: angry sun ...
text: ... the SCREEN BLOOMS WHITE, and completely empty -- like an
dialog: Arabian desert --
scene_heading: 130 EXT. CENTRAL PARK - DAY 130
text: Marco opens his eyes to the glare of a crisp autumn sun,
text: surreal colors: blue sky, shimmering green, the skyline.
text: His head is in Rosie's lap, he lies curled in the grass.
text: A banana-yellow motorized model plane buzzes in tight
text: circles overhead.
dialog: 8/18/03 80.
text: Rosie's talking, but Ben can't hear her. Just the buzzing.
text: She stops, looks at him.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Blank again?
text: Marco tries to say something, his mouth is dry.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: He said this would happen.
text: Marco stares, trying to orient himself. His arm comes up to
text: shade his eyes -- nothing written on it.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Your friend.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I don't remember a friend.
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Kind of like a computer system crash --
dialog: your brain goes down, then you boot up
dialog: again, but you lose all your RAM.
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Do you remember me?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Eugenie Rose.
text: Rosie smiles. Marco closes his eyes again and --
text: SCREEN GOES BLACK.
text: Silence. Two beats.
text: Then the SOUND OF A TELEVISION fades up:
scene_heading: TV130 NEWSCASTER #3 TV130
dialog: U.S. planes bombed selected sites in
dialog: Guinea today, acting on intelligence that
dialog: the African nation's military regime had
dialog: secretly resumed its chemical weapons
dialog: program ...
scene_heading: 131 TIGHT - A TELEVISION (VIDEO) 131
text: 131A Campaign footage of Raymond Shaw visiting schools in the 131A
text: 131B inner city, Arthur riding horses in Wyoming, the two men 131B
dialog: 131C meeting with business leaders in Chicago. 131C
dialog: 8/18/03 81.
scene_heading: TV131 NEWSCASTER #4 TV131
dialog: ... latest USA Today polls indicate a
dialog: "secure tomorrow" for Gov. Robert Arthur
dialog: and Congressman Raymond Shaw. The duo
text: holds a commanding lead, entering the
dialog: last two weeks of the campaign ...
scene_heading: 132 INT. ROSIE'S COUSIN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 132
text: Marco wakes up, still in a bed. Alone. The room bathed in
text: blue light from the small television where the news drones.
speaker_heading: TV132 OMITTED TV132
text: Rosie comes out of the bathroom, wearing a long New York
text: Rangers jersey, bare-legged, barefoot, hair wet from a
dialog: shower. Beautiful.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: It's Wednesday.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Central Park was Monday. I came home
dialog: Friday.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: That's right.
text: A long beat. Marco stares at the t.v. as she sits on the
text: edge of the bed, rubs her hair with a towel.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: How did I get here?
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: You called me.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: El Dorado 59970.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I remembered.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I remember, and I didn't dream.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: It's been weird, talking to you. Knowing
dialog: that you could fall asleep with your eyes
text: open and wake up and have forgotten the
dialog: whole conversation. I hope to God that
dialog: part's over.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What'd we talk about?
dialog: 8/18/03 82.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (vague)
dialog: Stuff.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You said you "loved" me. Not to scare
dialog: you. Out of nowhere, but more than once.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I remember that.
text: Beat. She smiles. She leans in, kisses him lightly.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Liar.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What else did we talk about?
text: Rosie opens her mouth --
text: SCREEN GOES BLACK.
text: Two beats of silence, then --
scene_heading: 133 INT. ROSIE'S COUSIN'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - DAWN 133
text: Marco wakes up. Clear headed. Calm. Rosie is asleep
text: beside him on the bed. The television is off.
scene_heading: 134 INT. BATHROOM - DAWN 134
text: Marco drinks water from the faucet, wipes his mouth. Stares
text: at himself in the mirror -- he looks like death warmed over.
text: Starts to smile ...
text: ... but his eyes stray up to the half-open mirror of the
text: vanity -- reflecting, behind him, the bathroom wall: towel
text: racks, wall paper, a high VENT ... with a FAINT RED LED
text: glowing INSIDE.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT: MARCO
text: Standing on the edge of the tub, stretched out, face pressed
text: up to the vent, trying to see inside --
scene_heading: SUBJECTIVE: MARCO (B&amp;W) - THROUGH THE VENT
text: Looking back at Marco, peering in. Slightly warped by the
text: lens. Freaking out.
speaker_heading: RESUME - MARCO
text: He can just make out the shadow of a TINY VIDEO CAMERA,
text: wires snaking back into the ducting, micro-lens adjusting
dialog: automatically to focus.
dialog: 8/18/03 83.
text: He slips off the tub, nearly falls, catches himself --
scene_heading: 135 INT. ROSIE'S COUSIN'S APARTMENT - DAWN 135
text: Marco taping newspapers over all the heating vents --
scene_heading: INT. ROSIE'S COUSIN'S APARTMENT - DAWN
text: Marco going through cupboard, drawers, closets, looking for
dialog: ... what, exactly?
text: He doesn't know. His world is caving in. He pivots, looks
text: at Rosie, still sleeping.
scene_heading: INT. ROSIE'S COUSIN'S APARTMENT - DAWN
text: Rosie's purse is dumped out on the table, and now Marco's
text: going through her suitcase.
text: He's dressed, now, even has his coat on.
text: Pulling out her clothing, discovering, at the bottom:
scene_heading: FILE FOLDERS, NOTES, REPORTS
text: Much of the same material that Eleanor Shaw showed Raymond.
dialog: Incriminating stuff about Marco, timetables, surveillance
dialog: photographs, psychiatric evaluations and
speaker_heading: AUDIO TAPES
text: Microcassettes, neatly labelled with dates and hours ...
scene_heading: INTERCUT - SUBJECTIVE: SAME (B&amp;W) - SURVEILLANCE
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Ben?
text: Rosie, rolling off the bed, sleepy, crossing to where Marco
dialog: is gathering the files --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: What are you ... oh God.
text: Sees the hard look on Marco's face. Newspapers over all the
text: vents. Opens her mouth to explain but Marco SWINGS HARD,
text: and hits her -- she partially blocks it with her forearm --
text: backhands her onto the floor --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: You're part of it.
text: -- then he's moving, out the door --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Don't --
dialog: 8/18/03 84.
text: She leaps at him -- SHOVES him hard into the wall, and when
text: he whirls to shake her off, slips down and uses his weight
text: and momentum to toss Marco crashing halfway back across the
dialog: room.
text: Now she's between him and the door.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Don't do this, Ben. It's not what you
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: How can you know what I think?
text: He tries to get past her again --
speaker_heading: THEY FIGHT
dialog: Rosie can't beat him, but she's extremely skilled -- Marco
text: gets stung twice by hard rights -- but whirls, all-defense,
text: an improvised rope-a-dope that gives him the opening he
dialog: needs --
text: -- he SMACKS Rosie sharply, stunning her -- and as she rocks
text: backward he flies out the door --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: BEN!
scene_heading: 136 EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - DAWN 136
text: Marco bursts out of the doorway, into the grey light of
text: morning, and runs, the files fluttering under his arm.
speaker_heading: 137 OMITTED 137
scene_heading: 138 INT. SKYBOOTH OF DELP'S LAB - DAY 138
text: A CARETAKER rattling keys impatiently behind him, Marco
text: stands looking down into the pit of the abandoned lab.
text: Delp and the monkeys are gone. Empty cages and unplugged
text: equipment are all that remain of Delp and his fear project.
text: The utter quiet is deafening.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. NEW YORK STREETS - DAY 139
text: Marco moving, head down, eyes everywhere -- anybody could be
text: following him. Anybody could be watching him. Anybody
dialog: could be part of this.
text: PRELAP sound of a tape fast-forwarding and:
dialog: 8/18/03 85.
speaker_heading: ROSIE'S VOICE
dialog: (audio surveillance tape)
dialog: You said you "loved" me ...
scene_heading: 140 EXT. NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY - ESTABLISHING 140
scene_heading: 141 TIGHT - A MICROFICHE SCREEN 141
text: scrolling old newspapers in a BLUR.
speaker_heading: ROSIE'S VOICE
dialog: ... Not to scare you. Out of nowhere,
dialog: but more than once.
speaker_heading: MARCO'S VOICE
dialog: I remember.
dialog: WHIR of rewinding audio --
scene_heading: 142 INT. NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY - DEEP IN THE STACKS - DAY 142
text: Marco deep in research, at a small table covered with books
text: and paper -- a crazy man's kind of chaos.
text: The file he stole from Rosie's is disemboweled across the
text: desktop. A library tape machine plays one of the
dialog: surveillance tapes he's stolen from Rosie's:
speaker_heading: MARCO'S VOICE
dialog: (bleeding through earphones)
dialog: What else did we talk about?
scene_heading: INTERCUT - MICROFICHE
text: stories flip past ...
speaker_heading: ROSIE'S VOICE
dialog: Raymond Shaw. And about what happened to
dialog: you, after you were captured. Black
dialog: helicopters, secret laboratories, mind
dialog: drugs, mad scientists, shock-torture ...
speaker_heading: MARCO'S VOICE
dialog: You don't believe any of it.
speaker_heading: ROSIE'S VOICE
dialog: It's crazy. It sounds crazy.
speaker_heading: MARCO'S VOICE
dialog: -- maybe that's what they want. Maybe
dialog: that's what they want.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - TAPE MACHINE
text: 143 Marco pops out one tape, pushes in another. WHIR of the 143
text: tape rewinding again, then:
dialog: 8/18/03 86.
speaker_heading: MARCO'S VOICE
dialog: -- I watched Raymond Shaw kill someone.
dialog: I watched him kill Private Eddie Mavole.
dialog: Like it was nothing.
scene_heading: FB143 FLASHBACK: ROSIE'S APARTMENT FB143
text: Marco, on the bed, numb.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: And I think they made me kill someone
dialog: too. One of my people. Kid named Bobby
dialog: Baker.
text: Rosie puts her arms around him --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Or they want you to think that you did.
text: -- Marco doesn't react -- WHIR of audio fast-forward --
scene_heading: 144 RESUME - LIBRARY 144
text: Marco takes his thumb off the shuttle button and --
speaker_heading: MARCO'S VOICE
dialog: ... We were all hooked up to IV tubes and
dialog: wires and equipment -- heart monitors,
text: head monitors, electroshock -- and a lot
dialog: of stuff I've never seen before ...
text: ... Finding, finally, an inside page of the SCIENCE &amp;
text: TECHNOLOGY section of the Times, with the headline:
scene_heading: MANCHURIAN HOPES NEW IMPLANTS SAVE LIVES
text: ... and a p.r. PHOTO of Managing Director David R. Donovan,
text: smiling, flanked by a TEAM OF SCIENTISTS. The caption only
text: mentions Donovan by name -- in the picture his hand is
text: extended, he's got a tiny implant device cupped in his palm.
speaker_heading: ROSIE'S VOICE
dialog: Did he have a name?
speaker_heading: MARCO'S VOICE
dialog: What?
text: Marco stares at the photograph.
scene_heading: PANNING TIGHT - ACROSS THE SCIENTISTS
text: in the b.g. of the photograph. HOLDING on one, half-hidden,
text: just slightly out of focus.
dialog: It's Noyle.
dialog: 8/18/03 87.
speaker_heading: ROSIE'S VOICE
dialog: The doctor, Ben -- what was his name?
dialog: Can you remember?
text: A long beat. Marco racks his memory. Then --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Noyle. They called him Dr. Noyle.
text: PUSH in until Noyle is just a mass of pixels --
speaker_heading: CRASH:
scene_heading: 145 TIGHT - COMPUTER STATION - ANOTHER SECTION OF THE LIBRARY 145
text: A Google search. Marco types the name: NOYLE.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - COMPUTER SCREEN
scene_heading: A GOVERNMENT website:
scene_heading: SOUTH AFRICAN TRUTH AND RECONCILIATION COMMITTEE
text: Thumbnail photos of "25 SCIENTISTS ACCUSED OF HUMAN
scene_heading: EXPERIMENTATION ON POLITICAL PRISONERS."
text: SCROLLING DOWN ... UNTIL a photo of Atticus Noyle is center-
text: screen. Smiling out at us.
scene_heading: CLICK: HEADLINES -- "Capetown U. Scientist Expelled: Alleged
dialog: CIA Ties" -- "Genome Researcher Sought for Questioning by
dialog: The Hague" --
text: ON MARCO -- energized by what he's seeing --
scene_heading: CLICK: SLIDE OVER NOYLE'S FACE -- key words like "genetic
dialog: memory enhancement," "behavioral modification" ... a
text: QUICKTIME VIDEO that Marco activates, and --
scene_heading: 146 IN STREAMING VIDEO: NOYLE 146
text: His sanitized, early sales pitch, all digitized and degraded
dialog: -- an old web interview:
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: ... we really can reinvent ourselves, you
dialog: know, by the remapping of the human
dialog: genome. Strengthen character, enhance
text: personality, not unlike tummy tucks and
dialog: breast augmentation. Generate
dialog: extraordinary abilities in math, music,
dialog: athletics. Tweak the sympathy gene,
dialog: boost self-confidence --
dialog: 8/18/03 88.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ON MARCO
text: staring, excited -- the freak from his nightmares is real --
speaker_heading: NOYLE (O.S.)
dialog: (streaming audio)
dialog: -- broaden the very parameters of memory,
dialog: to offset the ravages of dementia -- or
dialog: virtually liberate an individual from the
dialog: limitations imposed by damaging previous
dialog: experiences -- literally freeing them
dialog: from the burden of their past ...
scene_heading: 147 EXT. PENN STATION - DAY 147
text: Raining, hard. Marco hurrying toward the station entrance,
text: his research jammed under his arm, and in a grocery bag he's
dialog: found somewhere.
text: Collides with a guy in a suit. Papers go everywhere --
text: Marco YELLS at the guy and scrambles to pick up his
text: documents, shoving people out of the way --
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME.
scene_heading: SERIES OF STILL SURVEILLANCE PHOTOS - SAME
text: Marco scrambling to get his stuff back together. He looks
text: like a crazy street person.
speaker_heading: CRASH:
scene_heading: 148 EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. - CAPITOL HILL - DUSK 148
text: A sun throws yellow across the Mall, and the Senate Office
text: buildings are ribboned with shadows.
scene_heading: 149 INT. SENATOR JORDAN'S OFFICE - DUSK 149
text: Jordan behind his desk, staring at a white business card
text: while a high-strung AIDE leans in, talking low:
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: I called the Pentagon. They told me he's
text: on medical leave.
text: The calling card is Marco's, from Army Intelligence. Jordan
text: flips it over. Marco has scrawled "DO YOU STILL WANT TO BE
dialog: VICE PRESIDENT?"
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Secret Service, they've got him on a
text: couple of their watch and observe lists.
text: Through a gap in the doorway, Jordan can SEE Marco sitting
text: in his outer office, bag of evidence at his feet, hunched
text: forward, staring at the floor.
dialog: 8/18/03 89.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: I guess there's been some trouble with
dialog: this guy, involving Congressman Shaw.
text: At the mention of the Shaw name, Jordan looks up --
scene_heading: 150 INT. SMALL CONFERENCE ROOM - DUSK 150
text: Jordan sits behind the table, all of Marco's documents and
text: evidence arranged tidily in front of him in meager piles,
text: Marco pacing, watching as Jordan finishes examining a thick
text: Atticus Noyle computer print out.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Nobody will believe this.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Nobody believed Watergate.
text: He sits down, opposite Jordan.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Or Oklahoma City, or the World Trade
dialog: Center. You wouldn't have believed
dialog: Oswald before Kennedy got shot.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: On the advisory board of Manchurian-
dialog: Global, should they ever publish a list --
dialog: which they won't -- you would find former
dialog: Presidents, deposed Kings, retired Prime
dialog: Ministers, Ayatollahs, African War-Lords,
dialog: fallen Communist Dictators and an
text: assortment of the Fucking Rich, who are
dialog: distinguished from the merely Filthy Rich
dialog: by factors of billions.
text: He puts the Noyle file down, pushes everything away.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You bring me rumors and conjecture.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I started with nightmares, sir. Rumors
text: and conjecture are a giant leap forward.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Nightmares you've interpreted, using as
dialog: primary resources a) your spotty memory,
dialog: b) the internet -- sacred sanctuary of
dialog: idiots and nutters -- and c) random faces
dialog: and coincidences, and evidence you chewed
text: out of a man's back -- all neatly
text: stitched together with the common thread
dialog: of a powerful, well-connected private
dialog: equity fund -- who will plead ignorance,
text: and be shocked, shocked, to learn what
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 8/18/03 90.
speaker_heading: JORDAN (CONT'D)
dialog: some of their subsidiary partners are
dialog: engaged in.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Sir, I don't give a rat's ass about
dialog: Manchurian Global! That's not why I'm
dialog: here!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can't touch them, I get that, I'm not
dialog: stupid, sir.
text: A cold silence. Marco stares at Jordan.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I just want to try and stop this one
dialog: thing -- this Raymond Shaw bomb -- from
text: going off.
text: Jordan nods again, slightly. Lost in thought.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: And I'd be lying if I told you I hadn't
dialog: factored in huge that you've got a vested
dialog: personal, political, and patriotic
dialog: interest in how this shakes out.
speaker_heading: CRASH:
speaker_heading: 151 OMITTED 151
speaker_heading: A152 OMITTED A152
scene_heading: 152 EXT. ELEANOR'S VIRGINIA MANSION - NIGHT 152
text: A limousine pulls up in front, followed by a car full of
text: Secret Service. Anderson floats out and opens the door for
dialog: Raymond ...
scene_heading: 153 INT. PRENTISS MANSION - NIGHT 153
text: An argument in progress as Raymond shrugs off his overcoat
text: into the hands of a SERVANT.
text: The low murmur of Jordan's voice, then INCREDULOUS LAUGHTER:
speaker_heading: ELLIE (O.S.)
dialog: Lies. Fabrications. Fiction. You've
dialog: been waiting to do this to me for, what,
dialog: twenty years? Get out.
speaker_heading: JORDAN (O.S.)
dialog: No, I'll wait until Raymond gets here and
dialog: we can all --
speaker_heading: ELLIE (O.S.)
dialog: Get out of my house.
text: Raymond proceeds down the hallway to --
dialog: 8/18/03 91.
scene_heading: 154 INT. STUDY - CONTINUOUS 154
text: Raymond entering, closing the door behind him as Ellie
text: throws documents across the room at Jordan:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
text: The man is insane, Tom -- full-blown
dialog: schizophrenia -- he's been stalking
dialog: Raymond -- if you dare to use this --
text: Now they see Raymond, under the imposing Andrew Wyeth
text: painting of Tyler Prentiss that dominates one whole wall of
text: the study, and Ellie stops.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (to Raymond)
dialog: Your bipolar buddy has been sharing his
dialog: dreams with Senator Jordan.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Hello Raymond.
text: Raymond smiles -- it's terrifying -- the fragile, forced,
text: frigid smile of a man in pain.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Hello Senator. How's Jocie?
text: Jordan picks up a picture of Noyle and smoothes it onto the
dialog: desk for Raymond to see, as:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Can we please not go down that road?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Do you recognize this man?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: His name is Atticus Noyle. He is a South
dialog: African physician, neuropsychiatric
dialog: scientist and mercenary -- someone our
dialog: CIA trained for covert mind warfare
dialog: against the Soviets in Aghanistan --
dialog: someone who has sold technology to and
dialog: done research for terrorist groups, and
text: rogue states. Major Marco claims that
dialog: this man --
speaker_heading: ELLIE JORDAN
dialog: -- brainwashed you --
dialog: -- In his dreams.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: Sir, Ben Marco is sick. Delusional.
dialog: 8/18/03 92.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
text: Nevertheless he's pulled from his mad hat
dialog: some remarkably lucid connections between
dialog: his dreams of your exploits in Kuwait,
dialog: and this Dr. Noyle, and the private
dialog: equity fund Manchurian Global --
text: Raymond frowns, looks from Jordan to Ellie.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: -- your mother's primary political
dialog: benefactor for the past fifteen years.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Christ, Tom. They contribute to half the
dialog: Senate, for God's sake.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: At the time of Desert Storm, Dr. Atticus
dialog: Noyle was working under a research grant
dialog: from Manchurian Global. Your mother's
dialog: friend.
text: The color suddenly drains out of Ellie's face.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
text: Rogue scientists. Mind control.
dialog: Manchurian Global. Your mother. You.
dialog: Connect the dots, Raymond. Possibly,
dialog: your mother's blind to them, because they
dialog: pay their way --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
text: Possibly the Senator's motives are
text: colored by his desperation to get himself
dialog: back on the presidential ticket now that
dialog: the heavy lifting is done --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (unraveling)
dialog: I don't -- I don't --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: It's not about me. As far as I'm
dialog: concerned, this should never come out --
dialog: it would shred what little remains of the
dialog: fabric of our public trust -- think of
dialog: the nation --
dialog: 8/18/03 93.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I don't have the dreams.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: He can't prove anything.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Everything you stand for is upside down!
dialog: If this were to come out, true or no, it
dialog: would be catastrophic for the campaign.
dialog: (beat, a threat?)
dialog: And it will come out.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: What are you saying?
text: Silence. The question hangs there.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: You withdraw. You bow out gracefully.
text: Personal reasons. An obscure illness.
dialog: Yield your spot on the ticket, go into
dialog: seclusion ...
text: He glances coolly at Ellie --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: ... and then surrender yourself to
dialog: federal authorities who can help you
dialog: address the damage that may have been
dialog: inflicted on you.
text: -- and walks out. Raymond and Eleanor have hardly moved.
text: Sound of the front door opening, closing.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I feel sick. Christ. What have you done
dialog: to me?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Raymond, remember when --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: NO, never mind -- don't bother. Don't
dialog: lie. Don't say anything. No more lies.
text: There are actual tears in Ellie's eyes. Raymond just stares
text: at her, coldly.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I can promise you that whatever you've
dialog: done, I will undo it.
dialog: 8/18/03 94.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I know -- I know, baby --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I never want to see you or speak to you
dialog: again --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Raymond --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- I mean it this time.
text: Raymond heads for the door --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Sergeant Shaw --
text: Raymond slows -- curious to be addressed like this -- sound
dialog: of the desert wind rises --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: -- Sergeant Raymond Shaw --
text: He's turning -- the room coming alive -- light shifting,
text: intensifying -- that terrible vividness -- and the wall of
dialog: the zaghareet ...
scene_heading: EXTREMELY CLOSE ON - ELLIE
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Raymond Prentiss Shaw --
dialog: (sad)
dialog: Listen:
speaker_heading: CRASH:
scene_heading: 155 INT. UNION STATION - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAWN 155
text: Marco jolts awake, as if from a bad dream, startled --
text: cramped on a bench, just another rumpled, weary traveler --
text: early morning commuters gliding past him like a fog.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. CHESAPEAKE BAY - JORDAN'S HOUSE - DAWN 156
text: A lacy fog rising from the reeds on the shoreline as the
text: Senator drags his kayak from under the pilings of a
text: pristine, clapboard cottage to the edge of the water.
scene_heading: 157 INT. JORDAN'S HOUSE - DAWN 157
text: The house is beautiful, everything perfect. FLOAT through
text: FINDING Jocie in a back bedroom, waking slowly in a huge
text: bed, rolling to look out the window and watch her father, in
text: his kayak, paddling away ...
dialog: 8/18/03 95.
scene_heading: 158 INT. UNION STATION - WASHINGTON D.C. - DAWN 158
text: Marco grabs a coffee from off a Starbucks counter, picks up
text: his bag and heads toward the New York City line platform, to
dialog: catch his train --
scene_heading: 159 EXT. CHESAPEAKE BAY - JORDAN'S KAYAK - DAY 159
text: The Senator rows with confidence, his bow cuts the glassy
text: surface of the bay, fog ripples away from him, dreamy.
text: Up ahead, he can see the ghost of his house. And a figure
text: on the shoreline.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: It's me, sir.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
text: stops paddling, and lets the kayak drift in. He's breaking
text: hard, sweat glistening on his face.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: sloshes down into the water, wades out waist-deep --
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: Wait. Oh, don't do that, I can --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I came to apologize, sir.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: -- the water must be freezing. What are
dialog: you doing? Raymond. Don't bother, I
dialog: can --
text: Raymond catches the bow of the kayak, turns it.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JORDAN
dialog: I am too. But, your mother must --
text: With one motion, Raymond RIPS the two-blade paddle out of
text: Jordan's hand, and FLIPS the boat over --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I'm sorry, sir.
text: -- Jordan goes under, legs trapped in the kayak --
dialog: 8/18/03 96.
scene_heading: 160 UNDER THE WATER - JORDAN 160
text: flailing -- trying to get out of the kayak, incapacitated by
dialog: the cold water --
scene_heading: 161 INT. JORDAN'S HOUSE - DAWN 161
text: Jocie wanders, sleepy, into the main room, pulling on a
text: hooded sweatshirt -- and SEES, THROUGH THE BAY WINDOWS:
text: -- her father's upended kayak.
text: -- a figure in the water, as if trying to save him --
scene_heading: 162 EXT. JORDAN'S HOUSE - DAWN 162
text: Jocie sprints down toward the water, screaming --
speaker_heading: JOCELYN
speaker_heading: DADDY!
text: -- Raymond turns and sees her running toward him. For a
text: moment time stands still -- Jocie trying to process Raymond
text: Shaw in the water with her father, and Raymond trying to
text: process, through the curtain of his fractured consciousness,
dialog: Jocelyn Jordan.
speaker_heading: JOCELYN
text: leaps into the water, thinking she'll help with a rescue.
text: The cold hits her like a sledgehammer -- followed by the
text: realization Raymond's trying to drown her father --
speaker_heading: JOCELYN
dialog: Raymond, what are you doing?! No! Stop
dialog: it! Stop --!
text: She tries to shove Raymond away from the boat, but
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: turns, grabs her by the hood of her sweatshirt --
text: -- and whipsaws her out into the deeper water, shoving her
text: under it.
text: Jocelyn's hands claw at him, but he's stronger, and the
dialog: water has no effect on him.
text: She thrashes wildly ... and he looks down at her through the
text: water, hair flowing, utterly beautiful ... as if in a dream.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (far away)
dialog: Shhhhhhhh.
dialog: 8/18/03 97.
text: Jocelyn weakens ... succumbs ... her body floats away.
scene_heading: 163 NEWS COVERAGE - LATER - SAME DAY (VIDEO) 163
text: TVA163Cold tapestry of images behind the MAJOR MEDIA ICON: TVA163
text: police, paramedics, bodies pulled from the water, Jordan's
text: empty house.
scene_heading: TV163 MEDIA ICON TV163
dialog: ... the five-term Senator -- and recent
dialog: front-runner for his party's vice
dialog: presidential nomination -- appears to
text: have accidentally drowned when his kayak
text: overturned near his Chesapeake Bay home.
dialog: Police say his daughter, Jocelyn, 35, may
dialog: have been trying to rescue Jordan when
text: she was, herself, overcome by the icy
dialog: water ...
scene_heading: 164 CAMPAIGN COVERAGE 164
text: an impromptu stand-up with visibly-shaken presidential
text: candidate Arthur outside ARTHUR-SHAW campaign headquarters:
speaker_heading: TV164 ARTHUR TV164
dialog: Horrible, horrible thing. Senator Jordan
dialog: was a statesman of the highest integrity.
dialog: (fighting emotions)
dialog: Tom Jordan was a friend. A damn fine
dialog: man. A great American.
scene_heading: 165 INT. PENN STATION - MANHATTAN - MARCO 165
text: staring numbly at the news report on a little portable t.v.
dialog: in a NEWS KIOSK --
scene_heading: 166 INT. CAMPAIGN RALLY - DAY 166
text: SLOWING MOTION: the world a blur around Raymond as he walks
text: a gauntlet of reporters shouting questions: about policy,
text: about Jordan. Expressionless, he just keeps walking, but
dialog: his lips move --
dialog: -- "tragedy" -- "senseless" -- "great loss" --
scene_heading: 167 EXT. GROUNDS OF ELLIE'S MANSION - DAY 167
text: Donovan walking beside Senator Eleanor Prentiss Shaw.
text: Whiting just behind them.
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: You trusted us to bring your son back to
dialog: you, and we deliver. We trusted you with
dialog: our technology -- and now you turn him
text: into a common hit man.
dialog: 8/18/03 98.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Oh, don't lecture me --
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: You didn't even ask us. You needed to
dialog: ask.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Tom Jordan was going to destroy
dialog: everything we've worked toward, and every
dialog: one of us along with it, and you want me
dialog: to call a meeting?
speaker_heading: WHITING
dialog: David, if Jordan had gone public --
speaker_heading: DONOVAN
dialog: In any endeavor, there are key players
dialog: and role players, and Raymond -- or you,
dialog: or me, for that matter -- I'm sorry -- we
dialog: are role players, with fixed values and
dialog: fixed agendas, that get weighed against
dialog: other factors.
text: Ellie stops, looks at him.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Bullshit.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You can tell yourself that as you go to
dialog: bed tonight, David, and I hope it helps
dialog: you wake up tomorrow with a clean
dialog: conscience -- but we are talking about my
dialog: son and the future of this country.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My father, Tyler Prentiss, never asked.
dialog: He just did what needed to be done.
scene_heading: 168 INT. ROSIE'S COUSIN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 168
text: Rosie asleep. PUSH IN RAPIDLY ... then a HAND comes down
text: hard and efficiently against her throat --
text: -- she wakes up, fighting for air --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: How does the President die?
text: He sits on top of her, pinning her arms down. She struggles
text: to say something. Marco shakes his head.
dialog: 8/18/03 99.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: When. Where. How.
text: He releases her throat, and she gasps for air --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I'm gonna stop this. We'll go to the
dialog: Feds. You and me. And tell them a
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Who'll -- believe --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I don't know. I don't care any more.
dialog: It's all I have.
text: Rosie bucks -- gets a hand free -- SLUGS, Marco, and they
text: tumble off the bed in a tangle of blankets and limbs --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
text: comes up holding a 9 mm revolver to Marco's forehead.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: I am the Feds.
text: She coughs. Marco stares at her, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: We've been watching you, trying to sort
dialog: this out. I mean, it's either you're
dialog: telling it straight and we've all got
dialog: something big-time to worry about, or
dialog: you're crazy and dangerous -- either way
dialog: we've had to keep you on a short leash,
dialog: 'cuz if we lock you up we'll never know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And we can't tell anybody because we
dialog: don't know how deep this river runs.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If there is a river.
dialog: (off his expression)
dialog: You got away from me.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Raymond Shaw murdered Senator Jordan and
dialog: his daughter.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: Oh Ben. The thing is? I want to believe
dialog: you. God help me, Ben, I do.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: -- he's a time bomb, ticking --
dialog: 8/18/03 100.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Everybody else wants you junked up on
dialog: Thorazine and just not a problem any
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I am clearer on this than I've ever been.
dialog: It's rich guys, funding bad science, to
dialog: put a sleeper in the White House --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Listen to yourself. You're a poster boy
dialog: for paranoid fantasies.
text: Beat. Silence, broken only by their breathing.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I screwed up. Jordan was my trump card,
dialog: and I screwed it up.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Either help me, or shoot me, Rosie.
dialog: There's no middle ground anymore.
text: He gets up -- Rosie's not going to shoot him --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 169 NOYLE 169
dialog: frowning --
speaker_heading: NOYLE
dialog: Raymond -- Raymond --
speaker_heading: TURN:
scene_heading: DREAMSCAPE - AS BEFORE
text: Raymond hands a service revolver past Noyle, to
dialog: MARCO -- who primes it, aims --
speaker_heading: NOYLE (O.S.)
dialog: Captain Marco, would you please shoot
dialog: Private Baker so we can move on?
scene_heading: -- MARCO SHOOTS BAKER IN THE FOREHEAD --
scene_heading: 170 INT. LIMOUSINE - MORNING 170
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Aaaahhhhhhh --!
text: Raymond awakens with a startled about, face flushed,
dialog: sweating. Terrified --
dialog: 8/18/03 101.
speaker_heading: MIRELLA/ANDERSON
dialog: Aaaahhhhhh --!
text: -- Raymond finds himself in the back seat of his limo, his
text: campaign aide Mirella, her assistant, and Anderson, all
text: startled and shouting too --
speaker_heading: MIRELLA
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yeah. Yes. Bad dream.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
dialog: We've arrived, Congressman.
text: Raymond sits up.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: 171 EXT. P.S. 16 - WESTCHESTER - DAY 171
text: Raymond emerges to cameras and fanfare -- it's election day,
dialog: and he's going to vote.
text: Anderson and other agents clear a path up the steps into the
text: ELEMENTARY SCHOOL VOTING SITE. Reporters shout questions
text: that Raymond just answers with his professional smile.
scene_heading: 172 INT. P.S. 16 - GYMNASIUM - DAY 172
text: A temporary polling place. Flags, tables, not too crowded.
text: VOTERS stepping out of the way. POLL VOLUNTEERS pressing in
dialog: to shake hands and wish Raymond Shaw good luck. And
speaker_heading: ROSIE
text: on the edge. She badges Anderson, and talks to him. He
text: nods, moves over and talks quietly to Raymond as Raymond
text: signs his name in the voter registration log.
text: Then lets Rosie guide him to a booth on the end --
scene_heading: 173 INT. VOTING BOOTH - RAYMOND 173
text: pulls the giant lever, the curtains close, finds --
text: A NOTE -- folded, taped to the machine.
text: RAYMOND -- opens it, reads it.
dialog: 8/18/03 102.
scene_heading: VOTING BOOTH - MOMENTS LATER
text: the curtain opens and Raymond steps out, smiling again.
text: Cameras flash, video crews wave boom mikes, expecting a
dialog: sound bite:
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I was on the fence when I walked in there
dialog: ... but then I saw my name on the ballot
dialog: and I knew what I had to do.
text: Laughter. He whispers to a poll volunteer, and she points
text: him down a hallway --
scene_heading: 174 INT. P.S. 16 - CORRIDOR 174
text: Raymond, Rosie and his Secret Service detail -- Rosie leads
text: them to a doorway, holds it open for Raymond, but puts her
text: hand lightly on Anderson's chest when he starts to go in to
dialog: sweep the room --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: It's clean.
scene_heading: 175 INT. P.S. 16 - SPECIAL ED. ROOM - DAY 175
text: Small, and private. Raymond turns on the light. Marco is
text: in the corner, waiting. His Noyle File in one hand.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: How's your back?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: It hurts.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Raymond locks the door, turns, takes in the room: tiny
text: chairs and tables, walls covered with kids' drawings, and
text: nearly every object in the room named and labelled with 3x5
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I've been having the dreams, Ben.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: That's good.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Good? They're inside my head. They got
dialog: inside, the way you said they would --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: We'll get 'em out.
dialog: 8/18/03 103.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: They're all ... twisted together -- and I
dialog: dream things, terrible things, that can't
dialog: possibly have happened. I'm gone, Ben --
dialog: I'm losing it --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: No -- you could have had me locked up --
dialog: and you didn't. That's a sign.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: That they don't control everything. We
dialog: can fight it. I mean -- I'm still out
dialog: here because you decided I should be --
dialog: which means there's a part they can't get
dialog: to, deep inside -- the part where the
dialog: truth is, and they can't touch us there.
dialog: That's what we need to tap into, Raymond,
dialog: that's the part where, you and me, we're
dialog: gonna take them out.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: Jocie's dead.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- and the Senator.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Did I do it?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I think so, yeah.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I don't remember. I don't remember it.
text: Raymond looks up at Ben. Emotionless. Uncomprehending.
scene_heading: 176 INTERCUT - CORRIDOR - ROSIE AND ANDERSON 176
text: down the hallway, standing sentinel. Anderson checks his
text: watch, glances uncomfortably back at the door -- then at
text: Rosie, who just stares him down.
dialog: 8/18/03 104.
scene_heading: 177 RESUME - SPECIAL ED. ROOM - RAYMOND 177
text: Tears run down his face, but his voice is normal, he stays
text: expressionless. He rubs his eyes with the heel of his hand.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I'm all inside-out.
text: KNOCKING on the door.
speaker_heading: ANDERSON (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Shaw?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Just a minute.
text: Raymond's cell phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: All I've ever done is what I was supposed
dialog: to do. What I was told to do --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Raymond -- focus --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: -- What others want me to do.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Did they tell you what they want you to
dialog: do, Ray? We gotta know what's gonna
dialog: happen, we gotta know when's it gonna
dialog: happen -- you can help me do this --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You don't think they saw this coming?
dialog: You don't think they factored you in?
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: I need to die, Ben.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What? No -- no, man, they've got big
dialog: plans for you --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I'm the enemy, Major Marco, and the only
dialog: way to stop me is to kill me. I thought
dialog: you were smarter than this.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I can get the Feds, the police. Come on,
dialog: Ray -- fight it --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Are we friends?
dialog: 8/18/03 105.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Raymond, you gotta work with me here --
text: Raymond takes the ringing phone from his inside pocket, and
text: checks the number of who's calling.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I want to believe we're friends.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Raymond, stay focused. The irrefutable
dialog: fact is that Jocie was a mistake, and
dialog: we're gonna make 'em pay for it.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I dream you, Ben. You kill Private
dialog: Baker.
dialog: (into the phone, pleasant:)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Yes mother.
scene_heading: A class BELL RINGS --
scene_heading: 178 INTERCUT - CORRIDOR - DAY 178
text: Students flood the hallway -- Laurent Tokar walks right past
text: Rosie and Anderson, heading toward the special ed room --
scene_heading: 179 RESUME - THE SPECIAL ED ROOM 179
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Hang up.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Yes, he's right here.
text: Raymond extends the phone to Marco.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: She wants you.
text: Marco hesitates. Me? But takes the receiver --
scene_heading: 180 INTERCUT - ELLIE'S PLAZA HOTEL SUITE - MORNING 180
text: on the phone in her lavish room:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Is this Major Marco?
dialog: 8/18/03 106.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yes it is, Senator.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: -- Major Bennett Marco --
text: Marco reacting quizzically -- sound of the distant windstorm
dialog: building --
text: EXTREME CLOSE UP - MARCO - HIS EAR -- at the phone:
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yeah ...?
text: MARCO'S EYES flicker to Raymond's eyes --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Bennett Ezekiel Marco --
text: -- Marco's senses are quickening -- the light literally
text: changing around him -- that terrible LUMINOSITY -- as --
text: SOUND of fabric, in the wind -- the SANDSTORM RAGING --
text: Marco's eyes shining now, hyper-alert -- a warrior's eyes --
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: -- Listen:
speaker_heading: CRASH:
scene_heading: 181 INT. P.S. 16 - CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER 181
text: The happy chaos of screaming kids. Raymond emerges,
text: smiling. Surrounded immediately by Anderson and his secret
text: service detail, and escorted out of the building.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
text: fights through the throng of students --
text: -- to the office door. Now it's locked. She bangs on it --
dialog: KICKS it open --
scene_heading: 182 INT. SPECIAL ED. OFFICE - DAY - ROSIE 182
text: Empty. Marco gone. The Noyle File lies open -- and empty --
text: on the floor. She rushes through a connecting door --
scene_heading: 183 INT. AUDITORIUM - CONTINUOUS 183
text: -- third-grade students loud, happy, rehearsing a patriotic
dialog: "Abe Lincoln" election day skit -- no Marco here -- she's
dialog: lost him --
dialog: 8/18/03 107.
scene_heading: 184 INT. SPECIAL ED. OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 184
text: Rosie comes back through, out into the hallway and stands,
text: in the river of children -- she's lost Ben --
scene_heading: 185 EXT. P.S. 16 - FRONT STEPS - DAY (VIDEO) 185
text: TVA185News footage of Raymond emerging from voting, waving, and TVA185
text: heading back to his car --
scene_heading: TV185 NEWSCASTER #6 TV185
dialog: Candidates made ritual trips to the
dialog: voting booths today ...
scene_heading: 186 EXT. ANOTHER POLLING PLACE (VIDEO) 186
text: TVA186SIMILAR footage of Arthur emerging, waving to the cameras.TVA186
scene_heading: TV186 NEWSCASTER #6 TV186
dialog: ... Governor Arthur, casting his ballot
dialog: in North Platte, will spend election
text: night in the Big Apple, with running-mate
dialog: Raymond Shaw ...
scene_heading: PULL SLOWLY BACK:
scene_heading: 187 EXT. THE PLAZA - LATE AFTERNOON 187
text: SWOOPING ACROSS on an entrance jammed with cabs and
text: limousines ... then RISE UP --
text: -- to the WINDOW of a suite high above the street, where
text: sunlight still lingers on the glass, shimmering gold, and
scene_heading: PUSH IN --
scene_heading: 188 INT. PLAZA HOTEL SUITE - LATE AFTERNOON 188
text: TV188 A beautiful suit laid out on the king-size bed ... shoes TV188
text: ... the television ON, but silent: network election night
text: coverage ... numbers flashing. Arthur/Shaw are exit poll
dialog: winners in Alabama, Florida, Maryland, Pennsylvania, New
dialog: York ...
speaker_heading: ELLIE (V.O.)
dialog: The bullet will pass over your shoulder,
dialog: just missing your head on the way to its
dialog: target ...
scene_heading: 189 INT. BEDROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 189
text: where Raymond sits, stripped to the waist, watching the
text: mirror as his mother looms over him, in a beautiful Chinese
text: silk dress, combing his damp hair.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: ... because, of course, the assassin --
text: the deranged, obsessed, tragically
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 8/18/03 108.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
text: paranoid, lone gunman -- is trying to
dialog: kill you.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: The Major is an excellent marksman.
text: She touches his bare shoulder, leaves her hand there.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: But what will happen to him?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (gentle)
dialog: The assassin always dies, baby. It's
dialog: necessary for the national healing.
text: She takes his shirt off a hanger, he stands up, and she
dialog: starts to dress him --
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I'm sure you will never entirely
dialog: comprehend this, darling, and I know, the
dialog: way you are right now, this is like
text: trying to have a whimpered conversation
text: with someone on a distant star ... but it
dialog: must be said, Raymond -- I did this for
dialog: you -- so that you could have what I
dialog: could not, what your father didn't want --
dialog: what your grandfather dared to dream
dialog: possible --
text: She runs her hands through his hair. Tears fill her eyes.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: -- when you ran away to join the Army,
dialog: after that girl, after Jocie -- when you
dialog: swore you'd never speak to me again, I
dialog: felt your father's shadow pass across us,
dialog: and I couldn't let him run you the way
dialog: he ruined himself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's when Mark Whiting came to me with
dialog: talk of extraordinary scientific
dialog: breakthroughs ... Attitude adjustment ...
dialog: Reconciliation ... Greatness. So I let
dialog: them take you, and change you. Not too
dialog: much. Not so much that you'd notice.
dialog: Just enough to bring you back to me.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes, mother.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: And look what you have, now! Look how
dialog: far we've come! It's working, darling --
dialog: they think they own you, but they are
dialog: very, very wrong. You're not something
dialog: they can buy and sell, Raymond, not for
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 8/18/03 109.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: any price -- we're one, and there'll be
dialog: no stopping us now, will there? We're
dialog: going to save this country in the hour of
dialog: its greatest need.
text: Raymond is dazzled by Eddie's radiance.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes, mother.
text: She straightens his tie. Her hands caress her son's
dialog: shoulders.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: How much you look like my father, now --
dialog: you have his hands, and you hold your
dialog: head in the same proud way. And when you
dialog: smile it's like I'm a little girl again,
dialog: and --
dialog: (impulsively kisses him)
dialog: When you smile -- when you smile --
text: Raymond moves to her -- their embrace is all consuming --
scene_heading: 190 INT. REGENT WALL STREET - GRAND BALLROOM - DUSK 190
text: A DIZZYING OVERHEAD SHOT, slowly twisting: campaign
text: volunteers milling through empty chairs, dozens of t.v.
text: monitors glow with early election coverage, a STAGE BAND
text: warming up, bass thumping, the room festooned with "SECURE
text: TOMORROW" banners, and --
scene_heading: TWO VAST FLOOR-TO-CEILING, VIRTUAL WALL-TO-WALL SCREENS,
dialog: specially installed for the occasion, define the entire east
text: and west walls of the ballroom. They glow pure blue, as if
dialog: waiting --
scene_heading: 191 INT. DISUSED PROJECTION BOOTH - HIGH ABOVE THE FLOOR 191
text: A LAMINATED ALL-ACCESS SECURITY BADGE dangles from
text: Anderson's neck as he pushes the last screw back into a
text: cooling vent along the wall.
scene_heading: 192 INT. SERVICE CORRIDOR 192
text: Anderson emerges as another SECRET SERVICE AGENT comes down
dialog: the hallway --
speaker_heading: ANDERSON
text: All clear.
text: He closes the lighting room door.
speaker_heading: 193 OMITTED 193
speaker_heading: 194 OMITTED 194
dialog: 8/18/03 110.
scene_heading: 195 INT. GRAND BALLROOM - ON THE GIANT SCREEN, ABOVE THE STAGE 195
text: remote-cam images of the empty stage and podium blink to
dialog: life, enormous, finding focus, and --
scene_heading: AT THE BACK OF THE BALLROOM - ENGINEERING CONSOLE
text: a DIRECTOR and a team of TECH GUYS murmur in headsets,
text: commanding a matrix of monitors, control panels and mixing
text: boards. ON ALL THE SCREENS: different views of the empty
text: stage, from various cameras.
scene_heading: 196 ANOTHER ALL-ACCESS SECURITY BADGE 196
dialog: just like Anderson's. PAN UP:
text: MARCO -- resplendent in dress uniform, hair trimmed, a man
text: reborn. He looks so rejuvenated, for a moment even we don't
dialog: recognize him.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE HALLWAY - MARCO
text: steps over television cables and power lines, follows their
text: drunken path to the end of a narrow corridor --
speaker_heading: UNLIT CORRIDOR
text: Marco slips in and out of darkness. Passing no one. NOISE
text: echoing insanely from the ballroom.
scene_heading: 197 INT. DISUSED PROJECTION BOOTH 197
text: Marco enters, closes the door. Takes his coat off and folds
text: it neatly and puts it on the floor. FOLLOW HIM as he stoops
text: to find a HIGH-TECH METAL CASE hidden in the air vent ...
text: ... he opens it, revealing a disassembled SNIPER RIFLE,
text: stereo RANGEFINDER EYEPIECE, live rounds, sandbag, tripod
text: and a SIDEARM ...
text: ... he turns toward the back of a MASSIVE WALL-GRID of LIGHT
text: FIXTURES facing outward to the auditorium, hot with RED-
text: WHITE-AND-BLUE radiance.
text: He walks to the grid and peers through it --
speaker_heading: PUSH OUT:
scene_heading: 198 INT. BALLROOM - STAGE - A PROCESSION OF CAMPAIGN WORKERS 198
text: walks out of the back of the stage, a VIDEO A.D. with a
text: headset leading them, backpedaling, barking instructions
dialog: lost in the general din.
text: They all hold big, hand-printed NAME CARDS: Gov. Arthur's
text: aide, TATUM (GQ dreadlocks) clowns around with his "Pres.
dialog: 8/18/03 111.
text: Arthur" placard. Other p.a.'s and assistants hold: "First
dialog: Lady Arthur", "Arthur Kids", "Friends of Bob". Mirella
text: Freeman has her "V.P. Shaw"; Gillespie, trying to look
text: amused (but not very) his "Sen. Shaw/Veep's Mom" sign.
scene_heading: BACK OF THE ROOM - ENGINEERING CONSOLE
text: The Director speaks into his headset, his voice broadcast
text: over the house speakers:
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
text: Okay. Crowd cheering. Much elation.
dialog: The president moves to his mark --
speaker_heading: CRASH:
speaker_heading: 199 OMITTED 199
speaker_heading: 200 OMITTED 200
speaker_heading: 201 OMITTED 201
speaker_heading: 202 OMITTED 202
speaker_heading: 203 OMITTED 203
speaker_heading: 204 OMITTED 204
speaker_heading: 205 OMITTED 205
scene_heading: 206 FLURRY OF IMAGES (VIDEO) 206
dialog: Overlapping news reports:
scene_heading: TV206 NEWSCASTERS (#7/#8/#9) TV206
dialog: CBS/ABC/CNN/FOX project Robert Arthur and
dialog: Raymond Shaw to be the next President and
dialog: Vice President of/have won the
dialog: presidential election/have been elected
dialog: by a landslide --
scene_heading: 207 INT. REGENT WALL STREET BALLROOM - NIGHT 207
text: Bedlam. Packed now with celebrants. CONFETTI rains down,
text: the CHEERING overpowers even the rock and roll band as it
text: strikes up a post-punk rendition of "Yankee Doodle."
scene_heading: 208 INT. SECURITY COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT 208
text: TWO DOZEN MONITORS show different angles of the entrance,
dialog: corridors, security lanes, but --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
text: is off to one side with a couple other Feds and a SECURITY
dialog: GUY, reviewing the entry tapes from earlier --
dialog: 8/18/03 112.
scene_heading: ON THE SURVEILLANCE MONITOR
text: people whoosh through gates in digitized triple time --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: Stop.
text: -- there's Marco. The image slows. Marco moves herky-jerky
text: through the security station, stop-action. Rosie pretends
dialog: she's interested in somebody else -- then:
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: No ...
text: The tape resumes triple-time --
scene_heading: 209 INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - MARCO 209
text: Deliberately hand-feeding live rounds of ammo into his rifle
scene_heading: -- CLICK, CLICK, CLICK --
dialog: -- he's ready.
speaker_heading: CRASH:
speaker_heading: 210 OMITTED 210
scene_heading: 211 INT. REGENT WALL STREET BALLROOM - ON THE STAGE 211
text: Arthur and Shaw and their entourage explode victorious from
text: the back, just like in the rehearsal. ICONIC SAMPLING of
text: "regular Americans" in full-dress uniform accompany the
text: winners: a soldier, a sailor, a fireman, a marine, a
text: policeman, a fighter pilot, everybody waving, smiling.
text: THE CROWD -- ecstatic.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
text: A tiny island of worry in a sea of celebration. The huge
text: light grids ripple with patriotic bunting effects.
text: She scans the crowd, the perimeter, the balconies ...
text: ON THE GIANT SCREEN, BEHIND THE STAGE
text: an ENORMOUS close-up of Arthur --
scene_heading: THE TWO COLOSSAL WALL-TO-WALL SCREENS
text: are alive with soaring, IMAX-style postcard footage of
dialog: Americana: Monument Valley, Pike's Peak, Columbia River,
text: golden waving fields of wheat -- city skylines -- perfect
text: beaches -- majestic off-shore oil rigs -- galloping herds of
dialog: buffalo -- the breathtaking grandeur of American nature,
dialog: American achievements --
dialog: 8/18/03 113.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - MONITORS
text: Various angles on-stage of Arthur, his wife, his family,
dialog: close and loose --
scene_heading: 212 THROUGH MARCO'S SCOPE - SAME TIME 212
text: Crosshairs finding, locking on Arthur -- who is waving, and
text: slowing to shake on-stage supports' hands --
scene_heading: 213 BALLROOM FLOOR - ROSIE 213
text: staring up at the left-side lighting grid ... where she
text: thinks she saw movement. As it blinks OFF, and then ON
text: again in a different pattern, there's the SILHOUETTE of
dialog: something.
text: A figure behind the grid. Marco? She's sure of it --
text: -- and she's moving, pushing her way toward an exit, pulling
text: a tiny walkie-talkie from her pocket and yelling into it --
scene_heading: 214 THROUGH MARCO'S SCOPE: 214
text: Rock-steady on Arthur and his hundred-watt smile, as he now
text: separates from the procession and moves to his center stage
dialog: mark -- just like in the rehearsal.
text: The crowd begins to CHANT.
scene_heading: 215 ON THE STAGE - RAYMOND 215
text: Calm and focused. Smiling. His mother leans close,
dialog: whispers something --
scene_heading: 216 INT. SERVICE HALLWAY - BEHIND THE BALLROOM - NIGHT 216
text: Rosie joined in stride by Feds from the command center --
text: SOUND of the celebration booms through the building --
scene_heading: 217 INT. STAIRWELL 217
text: Rosie leads the way, two steps at a time, pulling her gun
text: from her holster and checking the clip --
speaker_heading: 218 MARCO'S EYE 218
text: clear and unwavering -- his pupil tightening as --
scene_heading: 219 THROUGH MARCO'S SCOPE 219
text: Arthur turns to Raymond and gestures --
dialog: 8/18/03 114.
scene_heading: 220 ON THE STAGE - ELLIE 220
text: Her eyes shining as Raymond steps forward -- the ROAR of the
dialog: crowd --
scene_heading: 221 INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - MARCO 221
text: He slips his finger through the trigger guard --
scene_heading: 222 THROUGH MARCO'S SCOPE 222
text: Cross-hairs on Arthur. But a DARK BLUR suddenly passes in
text: front of Arthur, momentarily ECLIPSING Marco's view --
scene_heading: 223 INT. BALLROOM - ENGINEERING CONSOLE - SAME TIME 223
text: A few of the camera monitors have empty frames, waiting for
dialog: Raymond to arrive, but --
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Dammit, Shaw missed his first position --
dialog: (then)
dialog: Find him -- go with him --
scene_heading: ON THE STAGE - SAME TIME
text: Raymond has joined Arthur center-stage, instead of moving to
dialog: the rehearsed first mark --
scene_heading: 224 INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - MARCO 224
text: his finger motionless inside the trigger guard --
scene_heading: 225 THROUGH THE SCOPE: ARTHUR AND RAYMOND 225
dialog: But Raymond is blocking Arthur now --
scene_heading: 226 CLOSE ON - MARCO 226
text: Frowning. Raymond has made Marco's shot impossible -- kill
text: Arthur, and he kills Raymond too.
scene_heading: 227 INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - MARCO 227
text: coming off the eyepiece of the scope.
speaker_heading: FB227 OMITTED FB227
text: 228 He wipes sweat out of his eyes. Blinks. 228
scene_heading: 229 ON STAGE - ELLIE - SAME TIME 229
text: Appalled at Raymond's departure from the plan.
speaker_heading: 230 OMITTED 230
dialog: 8/18/03 115.
speaker_heading: 231 OMITTED 231
speaker_heading: FB231 OMITTED FB231
speaker_heading: 232 OMITTED 232
speaker_heading: 233 OMITTED 233
scene_heading: 234 ON THE GIANT SCREEN, ABOVE THE STAGE 234
text: A sprawling hero shot of MT. RUSHMORE, featuring the
text: traditional quartet, plus stony CGI additions of PRESIDENT-
scene_heading: ELECT ARTHUR, and RAYMOND PRENTISS SHAW.
scene_heading: BALLROOM - ENGINEERING CONSOLE
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Now music --
text: MUSIC starts: that lush, full orchestral rendition of "Here
text: Comes the Sun" that sweeps through the ballroom.
scene_heading: ABOVE THE BALLROOM - LIGHTING GRIDS
dialog: change to rippling American Flags --
scene_heading: 235 INT. BALLROOM - SAME TIME 235
text: Music swelling, the room exploding with color and
text: celebration, lights flaring, side walls alive with iconic
dialog: American images --
text: The raucous crowd starting to CLAP in rhythm -- people
text: CROONING along with the song's chorus, as --
scene_heading: ON STAGE - A JUBILATION TABLEAU
text: people waving, hugging dancing -- more super-insiders
text: joining the throng onstage, shaking hands, high-fiving --
scene_heading: RAYMOND PRENTISS SHAW
text: waving, staring up into the lights ... searching. Finds the
dialog: spot he's been looking for --
scene_heading: A236 PROJECTION BOOTH - MARCO A236
text: raising his gun again.
scene_heading: B236 RESUME - STAGE - RAYMOND B236
text: turns and smiles at his mother. Moves toward her --
dialog: 8/18/03 116.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - VARIOUS MONITORS - SAME TIME
text: -- Ellie, stunned -- painfully aware that the eyes of the
text: world are on her -- and Raymond moving, taking his mother's
text: hands -- inviting her to dance.
scene_heading: C236 PROJECTION BOOTH - MARCO C236
text: places his eye to the scope --
scene_heading: D236 THROUGH MARCO'S SCOPE - ARTHUR D236
text: Marco finds him -- adjusts the crosshairs --
scene_heading: 236 INT. SERVICE HALLWAY - SAME TIME 236
text: Rosie and the Feds sprint toward Marco's projection booth --
scene_heading: 237 ON STAGE - RAYMOND AND ELLIE 237
text: as Ellie surrenders to the moment, and enters Raymond's arms
dialog: -- what else can she do? -- this is her son, her dream is
dialog: halfway there ... and the President can die another day.
text: They swirl off to the music --
scene_heading: 238 THROUGH MARCO'S SCOPE - ARTHUR 238
text: perfectly centered in Marco's sights, but then --
text: -- Raymond and Ellie glide in front of Marco's target --
text: lingering in Marco's eyeline, Raymond stares up into the
text: scope -- eyes trusting, urging, as if he's saying: now --
text: -- then ARTHUR IS ALONE AGAIN, in the center of the
text: crosshairs, waving and grinning at the ROARING CROWD like a
dialog: man who's just been elected President, but --
text: -- MARCO's crosshairs SWING OVER, finding RAYMOND AND ELLIE
dialog: again --
scene_heading: 239 STAGE - ON ELLIE - SAME TIME 239
text: looking into Raymond's eyes ... follows his gaze up into the
text: dazzling glare of the stage lights -- first shadow of doubt
dialog: crawling across her --
scene_heading: 240 THROUGH THE SCOPE - ELLIE AND RAYMOND 240
text: They're right in Marco's cross-hairs.
speaker_heading: A241 MARCO A241
text: Committed. Almost serene.
dialog: 8/18/03 117.
speaker_heading: 241 ELLIE 241
text: Eyes wide -- realizing too late --
scene_heading: 242 INTERCUT - MARCO 242
text: Pulls the trigger. BAM BAM BAM.
text: Raymond and his mother are kicked back into the horrified
dialog: celebrants on the stage --
text: -- the same bullets ripping through both of them --
text: -- toppling together, dead before they hit the ground --
scene_heading: 243 INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - SAME TIME 243
dialog: The Feds KICK the door in --
speaker_heading: MARCO
text: calmly putting a clip into the handgun from his kit --
dialog: starting to raise it --
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: BEN!!!
text: She shoots him.
scene_heading: 244 WIDE - THE BALLROOM - NIGHT 244
text: BALLOONS cascade down on a nearly black-and-white tableau of
text: pandemonium and chaos, against the soaring wall-to-wall
text: images of America's greatness displayed on the IMAX screens.
text: Screaming and shouting. President-elect Arthur vanishing in
text: a phalanx of Secret Service. VIDEO CREWS pressing in on the
text: stage, morbidly curious ...
text: ... and a strange clearing around the bodies of Raymond and
text: Eleanor Shaw, crumpled and bloody ...
text: ... still locked in their embrace.
scene_heading: A245 INTERCUT - IMPRESSIONS OF NEWS FOOTAGE - ON A MONITOR A245
text: TVA245Crowds pressed to the Regent rear entrance -- frantic copsTVA245
text: clearing the way for BODY BAGS emerging on stretchers, one,
dialog: two ... three -- this third one guided and fiercely attended
text: by Rosie through the confusion -- shoved into a waiting
dialog: morgue truck ... WE ARE:
scene_heading: 245 INT. A HUGE OFFICE SOMEWHERE - NIGHT 245
text: TV245 Donovan stands in front of a massive flat-screen televisionTV245
text: watching the mayhem at the Regent Wall Street ballroom.
dialog: 8/18/03 118.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL: a numb collection of horrified
text: Manchurian Global executive office employees, watching in
text: silence ... a visibly shaken Whiting, ashen-faced, head in
text: his hands, eyes red with tears, and Johnston, stunned,
dialog: pacing --
speaker_heading: JOHNSTON
dialog: Jesus. Jesus H. Christ ... Jesus H.
dialog: Christ ...
text: TIGHTEN ON DONOVAN. Expressionless, except for a cryptic
text: frown. He raises his arm and uses a remote to kill the
dialog: picture.
text: SCREEN GOES BLACK.
speaker_heading: 246 OMITTED 246
speaker_heading: 247 OMITTED 247
scene_heading: 248 A VIDEO STILL FRAME MATERIALIZES 248
text: flickering on. The SECURITY FOOTAGE of Marco entering the
text: Regent Wall Street hotel. His face turned away.
speaker_heading: FLIP.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER FRAME
text: Marco turning toward us. His FACE becoming artificially
text: highlighted, digitized -- MORPHED. ZOOM IN as his features
text: BEGIN TO CHANGE. Non-descript. New features emerging.
text: Caucasian. Not Marco. CLICKING of a keyboard, and --
text: ROSIE'S REFLECTION -- becomes visible across the screen of
text: THE VIDEO MONITOR on which the security footage flickers.
dialog: We are:
scene_heading: 249 INT. VIDEO CGI BOOTH 249
text: Where an ENGINEER works keyboard and mouse, digitally
text: altering the footage of Marco is Rosie watches, intently,
text: from just behind him.
text: Further back in the same room ... another senior FEDERAL
text: AGENT, Special Agent VOLK, from Marco's interrogation ...
text: and Colonel Garret leans against the far wall, arms folded,
text: expressionless.
speaker_heading: MEDIA ICON (V.O.)
dialog: (fading up)
dialog: ... the FBI today released security
text: footage of the assassin of Raymond and
text: Eleanor Prentiss Shaw entering the hotel
dialog: two hours before the fatal shooting ...
dialog: 8/18/03 119.
text: The Engineer finishes what he's doing, resets the tape and
text: now it begins to PLAY again, IN REAL TIME -- and we watch a
text: white man in uniform go through security, as:
speaker_heading: 250 NETWORK NEWSCAST (VIDEO) 250
dialog: The footage we've just seen playing behind:
scene_heading: TV250 MEDIA ICON TV250
dialog: ... Authorities say that they have no
dialog: further information about the identity of
text: the gunman, except that he was a white
text: male, perhaps 30 years of age, and not a
dialog: member of the armed forces.
dialog: (then)
dialog: The tragic deaths of the incumbent vice
dialog: president and his Senator mother mark the
dialog: end of a family dynasty that has
dialog: dominated American politics for more than
text: fifty years. The mother and the son,
dialog: polar opposites on myriad issues,
dialog: nevertheless managed to promise a "one
dialog: plus one equals ten" kind of equation to
dialog: many Americans; the hopeful, heady notion
dialog: that these two somehow comprised a united
text: vision of stunning, almost revolutionary
dialog: breadth and depth ... a combined
dialog: potential far greater than its parts ...
text: PUSH PAST her, TIGHTEN IN on the image of the lone gunman
text: and the image explodes into pixels accompanied by --
text: -- the rising SOUND of the BLADES OF A HELICOPTER, under:
speaker_heading: MEDIA ICON
dialog: ... President-elect Arthur has vowed to
dialog: bring to justice whatever nation -- or
dialog: nations -- are responsible. Still
text: reeling from the recent tragic loss of
dialog: Senator Thomas Jordan, Congress has
dialog: already announced a fresh investigation
dialog: into Jordan's death, in an effort to
dialog: learn if it is in any way related to ...
scene_heading: 251 EXT. OCEAN - DAY 251
text: WE ARE JETTING LOW and impossibly fast across whitecapped
text: azure water, toward crumbled ruins of a long-abandoned
text: village on an empty beach -- we remember it vividly from
text: Marco's memory -- arriving to slowly SPIN and hover over the
text: remnants of an ancient caravansary:
scene_heading: 252 EXT. DESERT ISLAND BEACHFRONT - ARABIAN SEA - DAY 252
text: HIGH ANGLE, DOWN on Marco, moving across the intricate, sun-
text: bleached tile work we remember from Noyle's lab.
dialog: 8/18/03 120.
text: Dissipated trace of a scaffolding superstructure inside
text: crumbling ruins ...
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: You don't develop a technology like that
dialog: and waste it on two guys.
text: He looks to Rosie, who stands in an archway. There are
text: SOLDIERS here, with weapons -- could be here to guard Marco.
dialog: Could be here to protect him.
speaker_heading: ROSIE
dialog: We know that.
text: Marco looks past her, to the water, which stretches out from
text: here, as if to forever.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I remember running.
text: His arm is in a simple sling. He moves like a man who's
text: been shot, and not quite recovered -- moves past Rosie, out
text: of the broken-down ruins ...
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I had to get out where the sky was.
text: ... Rosie motions the soldiers to stay back, follows him by
dialog: herself ...
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I had to get to the water.
text: PULL BACK as they walk down the beach to the sea. A few
text: tumble-down buildings are all that remains of an ancient
text: seaside town.
speaker_heading: MARCO
dialog: I thought: if I can just get to the
dialog: water, everything will be okay.
text: Marco approaches the water's edge, staring out at the
text: uncertain horizon.
text: Nothing but water as far as the eye can see.
text: PULL BACK. And back. And back ...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
