dialog: 
text: Twilight: New Moon Script at IMSDb.
dialog: var _gaq = _gaq || [];
scene_heading: _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-3785444-3']);
dialog: _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
dialog: (function() {
dialog: var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
scene_heading: ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
scene_heading: var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
dialog: })();
speaker_heading: The Internet Movie Script Database (IMSDb)
dialog: 
dialog: The web's largest movie script resource!
dialog: <!--
dialog: e9 = new Object();
dialog: e9.size = "728x90";
dialog: //-->
speaker_heading: Search IMSDb
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Alphabetical
dialog: #
dialog: A
speaker_heading: B
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: D
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: G
speaker_heading: H
dialog: I
speaker_heading: J
speaker_heading: K
speaker_heading: L
speaker_heading: M
speaker_heading: N
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: P
dialog: Q
speaker_heading: R
speaker_heading: S
speaker_heading: T
speaker_heading: U
speaker_heading: V
speaker_heading: W
speaker_heading: X
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: Z
dialog: Genre
dialog: Action
dialog: Adventure
dialog: Animation
dialog: Comedy
dialog: Crime
dialog: Drama
dialog: Family
dialog: Fantasy
dialog: Film-Noir
dialog: Horror
dialog: Musical
dialog: Mystery
dialog: Romance
dialog: Sci-Fi
dialog: Short
dialog: Thriller
dialog: War
dialog: Western
speaker_heading: Sponsor
dialog: <!--
dialog: e9 = new Object();
dialog: e9.size = "300x250";
dialog: //-->
speaker_heading: TV Transcripts
speaker_heading: Futurama
dialog: Seinfeld
dialog: South Park
speaker_heading: Stargate SG-1
dialog: Lost
dialog: The 4400
dialog: International
dialog: French scripts
dialog: Movie Software
dialog: Rip from DVD
dialog: Rip Blu-Ray
dialog: Latest Comments
dialog: Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith10/10
dialog: Star Wars: The Force Awakens10/10
dialog: Batman Begins9/10
speaker_heading: Collateral10/10
dialog: Jackie Brown8/10
dialog: Movie Chat
dialog: Message
dialog: Yell !
speaker_heading: ALL SCRIPTS
dialog: 
scene_heading: TWILIGHT: NEW MOON
dialog: Written By
dialog: Melissa Rosenberg
dialog: Adapted from the Novel by
dialog: Stephenie Meyer
dialog: Dec. 21, 2008
speaker_heading: CREDITS OVER:
text: A FULL MOON FILLS THE FRAME -- Luminous, tinged with gold.
text: Slowly, a penumbral shadow begins to spread across the
text: moon's surface, darkening it from left to right...
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: "These violent delights have violent
dialog: ends..."
text: ... until the moon is enveloped in shadow; a new moon...
text: which disappears into the darkness.
text: OVER BLACK - A RUFFLED TULIP appears, isolated against the
dialog: blackness.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: "... And in their triumph die, like
dialog: fire and powder..."
text: HOLD ON the tulip as the background FADES UP around it to
dialog: reveal we're now in --
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - ECU ON THE TULIP - DAY
text: It's surrounded by the dark, lush, greenery of the forest
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: "... Which, as they kiss, consume..."
text: SUDDENLY A FOOT SLAMS DOWN next to the tulip, nearly
text: crushing it. As the foot immediately lifts off again, it
text: grazes the tulip, knocking its petals off --
text: ON THE RUNNING PAIR OF FEET
text: They abruptly change direction. Race on. INCLUDE BELLA
text: SWAN, desperately searching the woods -- SHORT, SURREAL CUTS
dialog: of her frenetic quest --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Edward!
text: Ahead, through the darkness of the thick forest, she SEES
text: SUNLIGHT; a clearing. She hurtles toward it --
scene_heading: EXT. MEADOW - DAY
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Edward!
dialog: 2.
text: -- as Bella bursts into the sunlight. It's the meadow where
text: Edward revealed his skin in the sun. But he's not here now.
dialog: Instead, Bella SEES --
text: ACROSS THE MEADOW -- AN OLD WOMAN, white hair framing her
text: withered face. Bella's eyes widen with surprise as she
dialog: recognizes --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: ... Gran?
text: GRAN looks as surprised as Bella. Bella smiles and waves,
text: as does Gran. Bella starts toward her but --
speaker_heading: EDWARD (O.S.)
dialog: Bella...
text: She spins to the voice behind her to SEE --
text: EDWARD emerge from the forest, his alabaster skin in sharp
text: contrast to the shadows. She beams at him, relieved, in
text: love... until he moves to edge of the shade, inches from
dialog: sun's rays --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Stop - she'll see!
text: But Edward just smiles and steps into the sunlight.
text: Sunbeams SHATTER off his skin like a thousand rainbow
text: shards, as if he were made of diamonds. An awesome sight.
text: JUMP CUT TO: Edward now inches from Bella, still glistening,
text: entrancing her. She wraps an arm around his waist, then
text: arranges her face into a calm expression. They turn to --
text: Gran, whose expression is calm, too. Gran's arm is
text: extended, as if she also holds someone.
text: JUMP CUT TO: Bella and Edward, only feet from Gran now.
dialog: Bella's about to present Edward, but then SEES that --
text: Gran mimics Bella's movement exactly. With growing horror,
text: Bella reaches out to Gran... and touches glass!
text: PULL BACK TO FIND Gran is now surrounded by a GILDED FRAME.
text: It's a MIRROR, mounted on a wall with wallpaper reflecting a
text: surreal dreamlike version of the forest behind Bella.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Oh my God.
dialog: -- as she realizes that's not Gran; it's Bella, sixty-five
dialog: years older.
dialog: 3.
text: Bella spins to her perfect, eternally 17-year-old Edward.
text: He takes her now WRINKLED, age-spotted hand. Kisses it.
text: Then he leans in very close to her 83-YEAR-OLD FACE and
dialog: whispers into her ear --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Happy birthday.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: ON BELLA - her eyes snap open. She lies atop her bed. A
text: book, "ROMEO AND JULIET," lays open on her chest. Bella
text: sits up, the dream still weighing on her...
text: INCLUDE HER ROOM, cluttered with pictures of Edward, of the
dialog: Cullens; memorabilia of all things Edward. A KNOCK on the
text: door. CHIEF CHARLIE SWAN enters carrying two gifts, one
dialog: wrapped, one not.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Happy birthday, Bells.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Dad, we agreed, no gifts.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: At least mine's not wrapped.
text: He hands it to her. It's a digital camera. Bella's
text: pleased, despite herself.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Okay, this is actually kind of great.
dialog: Thanks, Dad.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (re: wrapped gift)
dialog: Goes with this one from your mom. We
dialog: coordinated - well, she coordinated
dialog: me.
text: Bella opens the wrapped gift to reveal a SCRAPBOOK.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: To put your pictures in, record your
dialog: senior year -- man, senior year.
dialog: How'd you get so old so fast?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Not that old.
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know. Is that a wrinkle?
text: Bella races to the mirror, searches her face.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I was kidding.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: So not funny, Dad.
scene_heading: EXT. FORKS HIGHWAY - DAY
text: An AERIAL VIEW of this lush, green, overcast landscape; the
text: rainy world that is Forks. FIND Bella's old truck as it
text: lumbers down the two-lane highway...
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: It was just a dream... but also my
dialog: worst nightmare.
scene_heading: EXT. FORKS HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Bella climbs out of her truck, shouldering her book bag.
text: She looks around the parking lot, seeking Edward --
speaker_heading: MIKE (O.S.)
dialog: Wherefore art thou, Bella?
text: She turns as MIKE, ERIC, ANGELA and JESSICA approach.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You finish the Shakespeare assignment?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: He means will you finish his
dialog: assignment?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No, I don't -- okay I do.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I can help you with it -- but first --
dialog: (pulling out her camera)
dialog: I need a picture. My mom's expecting
text: a scrapbook full of memories.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (holds up her own camera)
dialog: I take `em, I don't pose for `em.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You do today.
dialog: 5.
text: She pushes Angela to the others; they arrange themselves --
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You'll photoshop my nose if it looks
dialog: big, right?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Don't worry, I'm in the picture; no
dialog: one will be looking at you guys.
text: Jessica scoffs, Angela points her camera at Bella; Mike and
dialog: Eric joust -- Bella aims --
scene_heading: FULL FRAME - THE CAMERA'S DIGITAL SCREEN
text: It FREEZES on them, fun, delightfully carefree... but when
text: the camera lowers, their playfulness has dissipated as they
text: see someone behind Bella. She turns to see --
text: EDWARD climbing out of his silver Volvo.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Oh good. Cullen's here.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (drier)
dialog: Yay.
dialog: The friends, uncomfortable, move off --
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Check ya later.
text: -- But Bella doesn't register their tone. She's transfixed
text: by Edward who approaches, eyes never leaving hers. He
text: reaches her, washing away all her concerns --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Happy birthday.
text: -- except that one. Her face falls.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Don't remind me.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Your birth is definitely a day to
dialog: celebrate.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Not for me.
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Eighteen is a little early to be
dialog: worrying about your age.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It's one year older than you.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Bella, I'm ninety.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: True. Maybe I should be creeped out
dialog: that I'm dating such an old guy.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (smiles, amused)
dialog: Yes, it's the age that's creepy, not
dialog: the fact that you're dating a vampire.
text: Then he kisses her, tenderly, adoringly. She kisses him
text: back... despite their restraint, the passion mounts... until
text: he pulls away. As always, both are left wanting more.
text: Edward nods toward the school building --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Class.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Right. Class.
text: Catching their breath, they start toward school... but
text: Edward stops, hearing something in his mind. Irritated.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Someone wants you.
speaker_heading: JACOB (O.S.)
dialog: Bella!
text: JACOB BLACK, 16, jogs up, carrying a used car part, long,
text: black ponytail wagging. He looks 18 due to his tall,
text: muscular body, but the gregarious Jacob is a little klutzy,
text: still catching up to his growth spurt. He nods to Edward,
text: who moves off to the side but eyes them.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: God, Jacob, what are they feeding you
dialog: on that rez, steroids? You're huge.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Wouldn't seem so drastic if you came
dialog: around more.
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I will, soon. But isn't your school,
dialog: like, ten miles that way?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (re: car part)
dialog: Just here buying this for the Rabbit.
dialog: I'm almost done with the rebuild.
dialog: Gotta come take a ride when it's done.
dialog: (as if remembering)
dialog: Oh, and hey, happy birthday. Your dad
dialog: told my dad. So...
text: He pulls from his coat a small woven DREAMCATCHER, feathers
text: dangling from it. He hands it to her.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I saw it the other day and thought of
dialog: you - it catches bad dreams.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: This, I need. It's great.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
text: The bell's about to ring.
text: The bell RINGS. Jacob gives Edward an amiable smile, with
text: just a hint of snark.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Ooh, look at you, all psychic.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I don't have that particular gift.
dialog: But I can read a watch. I'm clever
dialog: that way.
text: They share a tight smile. Bella intercedes, squeezing
text: Jacob's arm.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Bye, Jake, and thank you.
text: Edward guides her away. As they walk off --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: How come Jacob Black gets to give you
dialog: a gift and I don't?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: He's just a friend.
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: "Friends" don't spend two weeks
dialog: looking for the perfect dreamcatcher.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Stop reading his mind if he bothers
dialog: you so much.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Little hard to tune out.
text: She just laughs, but Edward looks back at Jacob with
text: resentment. Jacob holds his gaze.
scene_heading: INT. FORKS HIGH SCHOOL - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Edward and Bella enter the double doors -- suddenly a small,
text: wrapped gift appears in Bella's face. ALICE presents it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Happy --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Shh!
text: -- Alice whispers in her ear as she hugs Bella --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: -- birthday.
text: Over Alice's shoulder, Bella sees JASPER, keeping his
text: distance. He offers her a pleasant nod. She tries to hide
dialog: Alice's present, hoping no one noticed --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Alice, didn't I say no gifts?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You did. I didn't. I've already seen
dialog: you open it and guess what? You love
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You had a vision about my birthday.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: And about the green dress you'll be
dialog: wearing to your party tonight. Great
dialog: color on you.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: ... My party?
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Please? It'll be fun.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (beat, confused)
dialog: I... guess I can deal --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (hurriedly)
dialog: -- Great! See ya at seven!
text: Alice hugs her again and races off before she can change her
dialog: mind. Which is when Bella realizes --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Wait, Jasper, no fair with the mood
dialog: control.
text: He offers an apologetic bow before Alice drags him away.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Vampires. You can't trust them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A T.V. MONITOR - Zeffirelli's `68 "Romeo and
text: Juliet" plays. The suicide scene.
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Arms, take your last embrace, and
dialog: lips, O you, the doors of breath, seal
dialog: with a righteous kiss...
dialog: PULL BACK TO INCLUDE --
scene_heading: INT. FORKS HIGH SCHOOL - ENGLISH CLASS - DAY
text: The room is dark as we PAN OVER the class, some students
text: entertained, some moved, Mike trying not to fall asleep.
dialog: The teacher, MR. BERTY, mouths every word --
speaker_heading: ROMEO
dialog: Here's to my love!
dialog: (drinks)
dialog: O true apothecary! Thy drugs are quick.
text: FIND Edward and Bella in the back of the room, desks pushed
text: together, whisper-talking.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I hate being... celebrated.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Come on, the last real birthday any of
dialog: us had was Emmett's - I think Bing
text: Crosby was on top of the charts.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You'll be helping us feel normal for a
dialog: night.
text: Bella sits back, knowing she's trapped. He kisses her hand.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: There are worse tragedies than a
dialog: birthday. Look at Romeo. He's
dialog: responsible for his wife's death. Who
dialog: could live with that?
dialog: (looks at the screen)
dialog: ... Though I do envy him one thing.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (blanches slightly)
dialog: Juliet's alright... if you like that
dialog: obviously beautiful sort of thing.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Not the girl - the suicide.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Nearly impossible for my kind. But
dialog: humans, a little poison, dagger to the
dialog: heart. There are so many options.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: Why would you even think about that?
text: He turns her wrist over, runs his hand over the horseshoe
text: shaped SCAR on her forearm.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I considered it. Once. When James
dialog: had you trapped.
text: FLASHPOP TO "Twilight" - In the ballet studio, JAMES grabs
dialog: Bella's arm and BITES --
scene_heading: BACK ON EDWARD - pained.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I didn't know if I'd find you in time.
dialog: If I'd gotten you killed --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It wouldn't have been your fault --
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Either way, I had a plan.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What plan?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: There are... ways for us. At least
dialog: one way. I would have gone to Italy,
dialog: provoked the Volturi...
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: The who?
speaker_heading: MR. BERTY
dialog: Is there something you'd like to share
dialog: with the class, Edward?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Certainly not. But I apologize for
dialog: being a distraction. Perhaps you
dialog: should rewind to act five, scene one,
dialog: line twenty-eight eighty-nine --
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: "If you had the strength of twenty men
dialog: it would dispatch you straight."
text: Mr. Berty just looks at him, then moves off, intimidated --
speaker_heading: MR. BERTY
text: Eyes on the screen, people.
text: Bella is too concerned to be amused.
scene_heading: EXT. CULLEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Lights glow from inside the beautiful house.
speaker_heading: EDWARD (O.S.)
dialog: The Volturi are a very old, very
dialog: powerful family...
scene_heading: INT. CULLEN HOUSE - CARLISLE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: ON AN 18TH CENTURY OIL PAINTING, depicting Grecian figures in
text: swirling robes writhing among pillars and balconies. In a
text: high balcony, FOUR CALM FIGURES look down upon the bacchanal;
dialog: two black haired, one snowy white, one golden haired...
speaker_heading: EDWARD (O.S.)
dialog: The closest thing my world has to
dialog: royalty...
dialog: 12.
text: INCLUDE -- Edward and Bella (now wearing a green dress).
text: She studies the painting - the largest on a wall crowded
text: with pictures. The other walls are towering bookshelves.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Francesco Solimena painted this; he
dialog: often depicted the Volturi as Gods.
text: Bella examines the golden haired "God."
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Is that... Carlisle?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Yes. He lived with them for a few
dialog: decades. He describes them as very
dialog: refined - for killers.
text: PUSH IN ON THE PAINTING, THE FOURSOME
text: Their features begin to fill in, become real - THEY COME TO
text: LIFE in the painting, turning to leave the balcony through
text: an archway. We FOLLOW THEM into --
scene_heading: INT. A CIRCULAR WHITE MARBLE HALL - DAY
text: It's centuries old, its marble cracked and weathered. The
text: open oculus in the domed ceiling is the only source of
text: light. The room is empty but for three large wooden chairs
text: and half a dozen VAMPIRES in elegant 18th century attire.
speaker_heading: EDWARD (V.O.)
dialog: The Volturi are also what you might
dialog: call enforcers.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: EDWARD (V.O.)
dialog: The only rule they have: to keep
dialog: secret the existence of our kind.
text: Two of the Volturi, MARCUS and CAIUS, take their seats,
text: Carlisle stands beside them. ARO moves to the center of the
dialog: room where we REVEAL --
text: A ROGUE VAMPIRE is on his knees. He looks feral compared to
text: the others, and terrified. Aro puts his hands on either
dialog: side of the Rogue's face. Compassion?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: EDWARD (V.O.)
dialog: We don't make spectacles of ourselves,
dialog: or kill conspicuously, unless we want
dialog: to die.
text: Aro then slowly, dispassionately, RIPS THE ROGUE'S HEAD OFF.
speaker_heading: Two Volturi Guards (FELIX and DEMETRI) appear on either
text: side, holding him down as Aro easily detaches the head and
text: tosses it aside. Aro calmly sits as the others tear the
text: Rogue limb from limb. Carlisle has to look away...
scene_heading: INT. CULLEN HOUSE - CARLISLE'S ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: -- as Bella spins on Edward --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Don't even -- talk about that. You
dialog: can't let anyone hurt you. The
dialog: Volturi or anyone else.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (sees she's worried)
dialog: Who else would hurt me?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You said there were more dangerous
dialog: things out there than you. And I know
dialog: you have at least one enemy --
scene_heading: OFF BELLA'S FACE - FLASHPOPS:
dialog: -- ON ALL THREE EVIL VAMPIRES, James, VICTORIA, the dread-
speaker_heading: locked LAURENT (from "Twilight")
text: -- CLOSE ON VICTORIA - fire-red hair, burgundy red eyes,
dialog: feral, vicious grin (from "Twilight")
speaker_heading: BELLA (O.S.)
dialog: You said she'd come after you for
dialog: killing her mate.
text: BACK ON BELLA AND EDWARD
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Victoria? Yes, some day. But Alice
dialog: will see her coming. And she won't win.
text: Bella looks up at him, pained.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I hate that I can't protect you.
text: He laughs, amused. She's decidedly not.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That was me being serious.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (kissing her face)
dialog: I know. But you do protect me...
dialog: (kisses her nose)
dialog: From boredom...
dialog: (kisses her lips)
dialog: And loneliness...
dialog: (in between kisses)
dialog: You give me a reason to stay... un-
dialog: dead. But it's... my job; to protect
dialog: you...
text: -- but he stops, smiles, hearing something in his mind --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: ... from everyone but my sister.
text: -- as the door bursts open and Alice dances in.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: It's time it's time it's time!
scene_heading: INT. CULLEN HOUSE - SECOND FLOOR LANDING - NIGHT
text: Alice tugs Bella and Edward to the top of the landing, then
text: skips down the stairs. They look down into --
text: THE LIVING ROOM - Hundreds of pink candles and rose-filled
text: crystal bowls. ROSALIE, ESME, EMMETT, Carlisle, Jasper and
text: Alice look up at her, all of them stunningly beautiful.
text: Bella would love to disappear, but Edward leads her down to --
text: THE LIVING ROOM -- where Esme and Carlisle hug Bella warmly.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Sorry about all this. We tried to
dialog: rein Alice in.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: Like that's even possible. Happy
dialog: birthday, Bella.
text: FLASH! Alice has snapped a picture of Bella with them.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (re: camera)
dialog: Found it in your bag. Mind?
text: Emmett moves to Edward's side. Nudges him.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
text: Dating an older woman. Hot.
text: Bella caught that. Edward elbows him sharply to shut up.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: What?
text: Rosalie steps up. Shoves a silver package at Bella.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
text: It's a necklace. Alice picked it out.
text: She walks away, bored. Bella has to smile. She sees Jasper
text: across the room. They wave to each other.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (aims the camera)
dialog: Show me the love!
text: Edward pulls Bella into an embrace, they look deeply into
dialog: one another's eyes. FLASH!
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: For your scrapbook. Now open your
dialog: presents!
text: Alice drags Bella over to a table piled with elaborately
text: wrapped gifts, a huge cake and a tall stack of china plates.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Alice, I'm the only one who even eats
dialog: cake. That thing could feed fifty.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Hope you're hungry. Here, this one's
dialog: from Emmett.
text: The others crowd around... Jasper somewhat away. Bella, no
text: fan of being the center of attention, opens the gift to find
text: an empty car-radio box.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Um... thanks?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Already installed it in your truck.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Finally, a decent sound system in that
dialog: piece of --
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No hating on the truck. Thank you,
dialog: Emmett.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Open mine.
text: Alice hands her a box. Bella starts to open it, but --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Ouch - paper cut.
text: CLOSE ON BELLA'S FINGER - A single drop of deep red blood
dialog: appears.
dialog: Bella thinks little of it, but then HEARS a disturbing,
text: grisly SNARL -- she looks up just as --
text: BELLA'S POV - JASPER lunges toward her! Teeth bared, eyes
dialog: beyond reason --
text: -- Edward FLINGS Bella behind his own body, causing her to
text: CRASH into the table, plates shattering as --
text: -- Jasper SLAMS into Edward; sounds like boulders colliding.
text: -- Edward pushes him, hard; Jasper SAILS backward, hitting
text: the wall. But he RICOCHETS off it and comes back at Bella.
text: -- Emmett and Carlisle TACKLE Jasper from the side, dragging
text: him to the ground -- Alice helps hold him down --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (soothingly)
dialog: Jaz... shhh --
text: ... But she stops, her head suddenly jerking toward Bella.
text: Then everybody's eyes snap toward Bella as they catch the
dialog: overwhelming scent --
text: ON BELLA - lying amid the shards of broken china. She looks
text: at her arm, seeing now - it's been slashed by plate shards;
text: bright red blood pulses out of her, pooling. She looks up --
scene_heading: BELLA'S POV - THE CULLENS (SLOW MOTION)
text: All of them now, including Edward (but not Carlisle) stare
text: down at her, at her blood, with fevered eyes. Six suddenly
dialog: ravenous vampires...
text: SLOW MOTION ABRUPTLY ENDS as -- Carlisle jumps to Bella's
text: side. Edward, though white as a bone, snaps out of it and
text: stands between her and the others.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Emmett, get Jasper out of here.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Emmett.
text: Emmett reins himself in, elbows Rosalie. They drag the
text: snarling Jasper out. Esme holds her nose, politely exits
text: with the others. Alice looks at Bella, apologetic --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm sorry, I... can't...
text: She slips out the door. Edward's still on guard as Carlisle
text: examines Bella's arm.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: I'll have to stitch this up.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I'll carry her to the kitchen.
text: He moves to pick her up, but his eyes dart to the blood.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: I'll take care of her, Edward.
dialog: (Edward doesn't move)
dialog: Check on Jasper. Go.
text: Edward looks from him to Bella. Then steps back, allowing
text: Carlisle to lift Bella and carry her to the kitchen. But
text: just before the kitchen door closes, Bella sees Edward's
text: agonized face. He turns away, unable to meet her eyes...
scene_heading: INT. CULLEN HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Bella sits in a chair opposite Carlisle who mops up her
text: blood as he removes glass shards from her arm. He drops one
text: into a bowl; PLINK. She tries not to look at the blood.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I sure can kill a party.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: It's not your fault. Jasper hasn't
dialog: been away from human blood as long as
dialog: the rest of us.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Seems like you're the only one it
dialog: doesn't effect.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Centuries of practice.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Did you ever think of... living
dialog: differently?
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: I enjoy my work too much. Helping
dialog: people, saving lives. I'm hoping
dialog: there's a point to my existence, even
dialog: if I am damned.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Damned? You're not damned.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Then you and I agree. But Edward
dialog: doesn't believe there's an afterlife
dialog: for our kind.
dialog: (looking at her)
dialog: He thinks we've lost our souls.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: That's why he won't... He thinks he'd
dialog: be damning me.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE (CONT'D)
dialog: If you believed as he did, would you
dialog: risk it?
dialog: Off Bella, no, not ever...
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S TRUCK - NIGHT
text: A large red bow hangs from the new stereo in the dashboard.
text: Edward drives in silence. Bella studies him. Finally --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Say something.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: What do you want me to say?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That I'm a klutz. That I should have
dialog: been more careful --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You got a paper cut. Normal people
dialog: get paper cuts. And a normal
dialog: boyfriend wouldn't have flung you into
text: a stack of plates. A normal boyfriend
dialog: wouldn't have had to fight the urge to
dialog: kill you --
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Stop. I don't want normal, I want
dialog: you.
text: Edward doesn't respond, just pulls the truck into --
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE/INT. BELLA'S TRUCK (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: The truck stops. Beat.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You can't protect me from everything -
dialog: something's going to separate us --
dialog: accident, illness, old age... as long
dialog: as I'm human...
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: That's your solution? My ending your
dialog: life?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Your giving me forever.
text: He faces forward again, jaw tight, mind working, tormented.
text: She reaches for his hand --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Carlisle told me how you feel, about
dialog: my soul, but I don't believe that --
text: -- he subtly moves his hand away from hers.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You should go in. It's late.
text: He climbs out - instantly he's opening the passenger side
text: door for her. She climbs out. He looks down at her face -
text: he softens as he takes it in. Puts a hand on her cheek.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'll leave my window open for you.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I won't be coming back. Not tonight.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Then... can I ask for one thing? It's
dialog: still my birthday.
dialog: (off his nod)
dialog: Kiss me?
dialog: 20.
text: He lifts her face to his, and kisses her. He begins
text: carefully, gently... but it changes, he becomes urgent, with
text: an almost painful edge, as if it were goodbye.
text: Abruptly, he pulls away. With a last look, he turns walks
text: off into the night. Off Bella...
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: ON A PHOTO - as a printer spits it out. It's the pic Alice
text: took of Bella and Edward's embrace. Bella, troubled, puts
text: it in her scrapbook, her bandaged finger running over it.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - ENGLISH CLASS - DAY
dialog: "Romeo and Juliet" lessons are on the board. Everyone's
text: scribbling essays. Bella glances at Edward's desk; empty --
text: FLASHPOP TO -- (previous scene in truck) ECU ON EDWARD'S
text: EYES, hard, turning away from her...
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Bella sits with Jessica, Angela, Eric and Mike. They joke,
text: throw things. Bella's distracted, looking-out for Edward.
scene_heading: FLASHPOP TO -- (scene in the truck) ECU ON EDWARD'S HAND
dialog: moving away from hers...
dialog: BACK ON BELLA'S WORRIED FACE, off which we go to --
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: PAN the photos on the wall. INCLUDE EDWARD who studies
text: them, his expression grim. He looks down at Bella's
text: SCRAPBOOK to SEE the photo of him and Bella. He pulls it
text: out, takes a closer look...
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: ON BELLA THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD of her truck as she pulls
text: into the driveway. She climbs out, heads toward the house
text: but stops, relief washing over her --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Edward. You're here.
text: He stands by the house. Bella hurries toward him, but slows
text: when she sees his cold, distant face; an unreadable mask.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Walk with me?
dialog: 21.
text: Edward gently takes her hand. Dread fills her, but she lets
text: him guide her toward the woods...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Edward stops by a fallen tree. Turns to Bella.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: We need to leave Forks.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: It's time. Carlisle's supposed to be
dialog: ten years older than he looks; people
dialog: will start noticing.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: But... when?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Now.
text: Bella reels, trying to take this in. Finally --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'll have to think of something to
dialog: tell Charlie, but I can be ready --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Not you. Us.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: What? -- no -- Edward, what happened
dialog: with Jasper - that was nothing.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Nothing compared to what could happen.
dialog: You don't belong in my world.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: -- I belong with you --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: -- You don't --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: -- I'm coming --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I don't want you to come!
dialog: 22.
text: Bella is stung, as if slapped.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You don't... want me.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: No.
text: She steps back. Trying to understand this.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I'd like to ask one favor though.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (looks up, hopeful)
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Don't do anything stupid or reckless --
dialog: do you understand?
dialog: (adding)
dialog: ... for Charlie's sake. Just... take
dialog: care of yourself.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I... yes... I will.
text: He softens ever-so-slightly.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Don't worry. You're human. Time
dialog: heals all wounds for your kind.
dialog: Particularly if you're not reminded.
text: Desperation wells up in her, overwhelming dignity.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No, this is - don't do this. Please.
text: He sees she won't let go easily. Takes a breath. His face
text: turns cold again.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Try to understand. Every second with
dialog: you is about restraint. You're too
dialog: fragile. I'm tired of pretending to
dialog: be something I'm not. Reining myself
dialog: in so I can be with a human.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Then take my soul. I don't care! I
dialog: don't want it without you --
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: -- You're not good for me, Bella.
text: Bella looks at him. His hard face. His resolve.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I've let it go on too long. I'm
dialog: sorry.
text: Tears sting Bella's eyes. This can't be happening. He
text: steps forward... kisses her forehead. She closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I promise, it will be like I never
dialog: existed. Goodbye, Bella.
dialog: And here, for the first time, we SEE how truly agonizing
text: this really is for Edward. But Bella doesn't see.
text: By the time she opens her eyes - he's gone. She spins --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: -- Wait --
text: She SEES a LEAF FLITTERING to the ground where he grazed a
text: branch; the only indication of his direction. She hurries
text: down the path, then runs --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Edward?!
text: -- and she keeps running, going deeper into the woods...
text: A SERIES OF QUICK, SURREAL SHOTS - TIME LAPSING
text: Bella runs through the woods, searching, reminiscent of her
text: opening dream. It gets darker and darker, until we're deep into
text: night -- HEAR Bella's sharp desperate BREATHS --
text: BELLA TRIPS. Falls to the damp forest floor. She looks up,
text: the trees spinning around her...
scene_heading: STAY ON BELLA - NIGHT - AS HOURS PASS
text: She remains on the ground. Curls into a ball. Darkness
text: shrouding her. Devastation paralyzing her.
text: ECU ON HER FACE - numb. HEAR the faint sound of her name
text: being called in the distance. A search party. She's too
dialog: wrecked to respond.
text: Rain begins to pour; she doesn't register it....
dialog: 24.
text: SERIES OF SCENES END ON -- BELLA, lying there, dazed. She
text: begins to HEAR an animal SNUFFLING. It gets closer. It
text: sounds large. Scary. Then she hears a whisper --
speaker_heading: EDWARD (O.S.)
dialog: Move, Bella.
text: She lifts her head, looks for Edward... but SEES something
dialog: else instead --
text: BELLA'S POV - A DARK SHAPE, huge, black. Nearing. Its EYES
text: reflect light for a split second; they're inhuman, savage.
text: Bella, terrified, manages to DRAG herself to a cluster of
text: trees. She squeezes between them. Breathing hard. She
text: closes her eyes, trying to disappear...
scene_heading: INT. WOODS - LATER NIGHT
text: Bella's eyes open to find herself FLOATING several feet
text: above the ground. Trees pass by. She's being carried...
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Half the town is gathered - a tired rescue party that
dialog: includes Mike Newton and Jacob Black.
text: Charlie, beside himself with worry, pores over a map with
text: BILLY BLACK (in wheelchair) and Quileute HARRY CLEARWATER,
text: 46, (dark braids, stout, protruding belly, kind face).
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll call the Cullens again. Her note
dialog: said she and Edward went for a walk.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: They left town, Charlie.
speaker_heading: HARRY CLEARWATER
dialog: Hospital said Doc Cullen got a big job
dialog: somewhere else.
text: Harry puts a reassuring hand on Charlie's shoulder.
speaker_heading: HARRY CLEARWATER
dialog: We'll find her, Charlie.
text: Charlie is glad for the comfort of his two friends.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Charlie!
text: Charlie spins to where Jacob points --
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: THEIR POV - THE EDGE OF THE WOODS
text: SAM ULEY, 20, emerges, a tall, strong Quileute Indian with
text: cropped hair and a fierce expression. He's carrying Bella.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: It's Sam Uley. He found her.
text: Charlie bolts to her; he's never moved faster in his life.
text: He wraps his arms around Bella, lifting her from Sam's arms.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thank you, Sam. Thank God.
text: Charlie carries Bella to the house, cradling her. Harry and
text: Billy give Sam a nod of praise and gratitude. But Sam backs
text: away, avoiding any accolades.
text: ON JACOB - jogging alongside Charlie, peering at Bella with
text: worry. Then Jacob slows, feeling eyes on his back... he
text: turns to SEE Sam Uley staring at him. Jacob, uncomfortable,
text: quickly looks away.
text: ON CHARLIE CARRYING BELLA up the stairs to the house --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What were you thinking, Baby? Why
dialog: were you out there?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: He's... gone.
text: Off her as Charlie carries her inside --
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: OVERHEAD SHOT OF THE BED - Charlie lays Bella down and wraps
dialog: her in blankets...
text: A SERIES OF DISSOLVES ON BELLA
text: She's curled in a fetal position in the middle of the bed.
text: Then at its foot. Under the blankets. On top of them. In
dialog: various different arrangements. Meanwhile...
text: A BLACK LIQUID begins to flood the floor, slowly swallowing
text: everything in the room. It rises up the sides of the bed,
text: higher and higher until it breaches the top of the bed and
text: begins to engulf Bella. Off her, submerged in blackness...
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE - DAY - A MONTH LATER
text: The leaves have turned red and orange. SEE a FIGURE in the
dialog: upstairs window --
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Bella sits in a rocking chair by the window. Her face
text: blank. Empty. STAY ON BELLA, unchanging - but THROUGH THE
text: WINDOW OUTSIDE, we SEE TIME LAPSING behind her --
dialog: OCTOBER -- Costumed kids appear in the yard, trick-or-
text: treating. DISSOLVE INTO...
scene_heading: NOVEMBER -- NEIGHBORS (BOB MARKS and his WIFE) bring Charlie
text: a turkey... they glance up at Bella's window with concern...
text: WINTER BEGINS -- the trees' branches are now bare...
text: DECEMBER -- Charlie drags a Christmas tree toward the house...
text: worry has taken its toll on him. But Bella remains
dialog: unchanged...
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Mom... I'm...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... lost...
text: PAN the now blank walls of the exceedingly neat room; gone
dialog: are all traces of Edward...
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: Edward took everything with him.
dialog: Including my life. He promised it
dialog: would be like he never existed...
text: ... LAND ON the scrapbook which lies open; the photo of
text: Bella and Edward's embrace at the birthday party - gone.
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - ANOTHER DAY
text: BELLA AT HER COMPUTER, typing an e-mail to Renee.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: ... But I need to know he did.
text: A SERIES OF TABLEAUS, DISSOLVING INTO ONE ANOTHER:
scene_heading: -- INT. BELLA'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Bella sits on the couch, blank, as the rain pounds. Charlie
text: watches her, concerned.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: It's like a huge hole has been punched
dialog: through my chest...
scene_heading: -- INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: In the darkness, Bella is curled up in a ball on her floor.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: But the pain is my only reminder that
dialog: he was real... that they all were...
scene_heading: -- INT. FORKS HIGH SCHOOL - CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Lunch. Bella sits alone, staring straight ahead. SEE
text: Jessica, Eric, Angela and Mike, watching her with concern.
text: Talking about her. She doesn't notice.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: I miss them. Especially Alice...
scene_heading: EXT. TANYA'S ALASKAN HOME - DAY
text: A one-story contemporary home, surrounded by snowy, barren
text: land and woods. Through a LARGE PICTURE WINDOW we SEE Alice
dialog: and Carlisle, arguing inside --
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: But I'm sure it's better for them, not
dialog: having me around...
scene_heading: INT. TANYA'S ALASKAN HOME (CONTINOUS) - DAY
text: Alice faces off with Carlisle as the others watch on. Esme
text: desolate; Emmett blank. He sits next to Rosalie who seems
text: almost irritated. Jasper isolates himself in a corner.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: No. We promised Edward.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: But she won't do well without us. I get
dialog: flashes of her, but they're unclear --
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: Forget her, let's drag Edward home.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: He'll come back when he's ready.
text: After Bella moves on.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Yes. When she's living her life, safe
dialog: from danger --
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (with self-contempt)
dialog: You mean safe from us.
text: Alice wraps an arm around Jasper, soothingly.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: (pointedly to Alice)
dialog: And when will that be?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Can you see him, Alice?
text: They all turn to Alice... a beat. She closes her eyes,
text: trying to get a lock on Edward -- PUSH IN ON ALICE as --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: The only decision he's made...
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH AMERICA - ANDES (ALICE'S VISION) - DAY
text: (Visuals are jumpy, unclear) START HIGH ON A MOUNTAINTOP in
dialog: the middle of nowhere. SWOOP DOWN to its peak on which we
text: find EDWARD. Standing still, face agonized.
speaker_heading: ALICE (O.S.)
dialog: ... is to be alone...
text: -- and suddenly, he starts running, like he's trying to
text: outrun his memories, faster and faster -- he races toward a
dialog: CLIFF; a RAVINE hundreds of feet below --
text: Edward doesn't slow, just blasts forward faster; then he
text: LEAPS off the cliff, FLOATING, but the pain stays with him --
text: ON EDWARD'S FEET landing hard on the other side of the
dialog: ravine - as they hit ground we --
speaker_heading: SMASH BACK TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BELLA'S FINGERS
dialog: -- as they hit computer keys --
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: Time passes. Every tick that goes
dialog: by... aches...
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: INCLUDE BELLA'S COMPUTER SCREEN, as she types...
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
text: Like the pulse of blood behind a bruise...
text: Bella stops. A beat as she stares at her own words. Then
dialog: she hits "select all" and "delete" --
text: ON THE COMPUTER - A BLANK DOCUMENT. She types: "Hi Mom,
text: things are great, grades are up. Hanging with friends.
dialog: Stop worrying. I'm fine."
text: Bella presses "send", and the cheery e-mail disappears.
text: Bella rises, returns to her rocking chair, staring out
text: desolately. PUSH PAST HER OUTSIDE...
text: AN UNKNOWN POV FROM THE WOODS - ON BELLA IN THE WINDOW
text: -- Someone's watching her, pacing menacingly, hungrily...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Bella exits to find Charlie out by the street, stuffing
text: trash into the bins. He talks with neighbor, Bob Marks, who
text: also attends to his trash: two old, beat up motorcycles.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's about time you got rid of those,
text: Bob. Seen one too many bikers smeared
dialog: on the highway.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Save the lecture, Chief. Soon as the
dialog: garbage truck hauls `em off, you and
dialog: my wife can rest easy.
dialog: (starts off, but stops)
dialog: Oh, hey, what's the word on that bear
dialog: problem? Folks are saying they're
dialog: huge.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: That's just... talk...
text: -- as Charlie watches Bella walk to her truck, head down.
dialog: Bob sees her, too --
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How you doin' there, Bella?
dialog: 30.
text: Bella, in her own world, doesn't respond. Bob gives Charlie
text: an understanding shrug and heads off.
text: ON BELLA as she opens her truck door. Suddenly, it gets
text: slammed shut again by Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That's what?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're going to Jacksonville to live
dialog: with your mother.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I just - don't know what to do any
dialog: more. You don't act like someone left
dialog: you; more like someone died.
text: She looks away. That's how it feels to her.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'm not leaving Forks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Bells, the bastard's not coming back.
text: She nods. Knows this all too well.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's not normal, this behavior. And
dialog: frankly, it's scaring the hell outta
dialog: me, and your mother.
dialog: (gentler)
dialog: Go to Jacksonville, Baby. Make some
dialog: new friends.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I like my old friends.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You never even see them anymore.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I do, too. In fact, I'm... um...
dialog: Jessica and I are going to Port
dialog: Angeles tomorrow. Shopping.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: You hate shopping.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That's how good a friend I am.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (somewhat appeased)
dialog: Alright. Shopping.
speaker_heading: BELLA (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Hi Jessica, it's Bella...
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S TRUCK - DAY
text: Bella drives, talking on her cell (hands-free, of course).
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: ... Yes, Bella Swan. Hey, any chance
dialog: you feel like shopping tomorrow?
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ANGELES - MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT
text: Bella and Jessica exit the theater. A MARQUEE behind them
text: bears the title of a ZOMBIE film.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I don't get why are there so many
dialog: zombie movies.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: It's, like, a metaphor? For crass
dialog: consumerism or something.
text: Bella glances at her.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Not that you'd know anything about
dialog: consuming. You didn't buy anything
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I bought something.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Socks don't count. `Course, I was
dialog: surprised you even called.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I've been kind of... out of it.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Kind of? I mean, at first I was
dialog: worried. Then I'm like, okay, she's
dialog: still bumming? It's not like I wasn't
dialog: going through things, too. Like Mike
dialog: deciding he wanted to "just be friends?"
dialog: That was really hard and --
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: How `bout a ride, girls?
text: As Bella looks ACROSS THE STREET, time suddenly SLOWS --
scene_heading: BELLA'S POV - A DIVE BAR, "ONE EYED PETE'S" (SLOW MOTION)
text: -- FOUR ROUGH-LOOKING GUYS loiter out front next to their
text: motorcycles. They're in shadow, we can't see their faces.
dialog: OFF BELLA WE SMASH TO --
text: FLASHPOPS: Bella surrounded by FOUR GUYS ("Twilight");
text: Edward's Volvo skidding to a stop; Edward staring them down --
text: BACK ON BELLA, a chill going down her spine, FREEZING her as
text: she stares at the foursome across the street...
text: Then suddenly -- a pair of lips lean next to her ear --
speaker_heading: EDWARD (O.S.)
dialog: Move, Bella.
text: She turns to find Edward standing next to her. Or so it
text: seems. But he's an illusion; an apparition - which becomes
dialog: clear when --
text: Jessica steps right into him, dissolving him to nothingness, and
scene_heading: TIME ABRUPTLY SPEEDS UP AGAIN --
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I know them... I think...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Can we just go --
text: Jessica pulls at her arm, but Bella shakes her off.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I want to see something.
dialog: 33.
text: Much to Jessica's frustration, Bella begins to cross the
text: street toward the Guys, frightened but drawn.
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: Alright, we got a taker.
text: The apparition of EDWARD REAPPEARS in her path this time.
dialog: She stops.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Turn around, Bella. This is
dialog: dangerous.
text: But when she steps backward, he fades. Testing her
text: hallucination, she strides forward again -- Edward's
text: apparition reappears, strides alongside her --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Stop. Now.
text: She's almost smiling as she reaches the Guys, finally able
text: to see them clearly -- and stops, realizing --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: ... You're not them.
dialog: And with that.... Edward disappears.
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: We'll be whoever you want, honey.
text: Guy #2 pulls up right next to her on his motorcycle.
speaker_heading: GUY #2
dialog: Ready for a thrill ride?
text: GUY #2 extends his hand to help her onto the bike. She
dialog: hesitates.
speaker_heading: EDWARD (O.S.)
dialog: Walk away. Go.
text: Edward's apparition appears on the other side of the bike.
text: Bella looks at him with determination -- then climbs on to
dialog: the back of the bike --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I can break promises, too.
speaker_heading: GUY #2
dialog: (confused)
dialog: ... Okay.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Bella!
text: The bike LURCHES forward, going way too fast. As the wind
text: blasts her hair back, she realizes this might have been a
dialog: mistake --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: ... Wait
text: Guy #2 doesn't hear her, guns the engine, going faster --
scene_heading: BELLA'S POV - DIRECTLY AHEAD
text: Edward stands in road, directly in their path, more present,
text: more clear than ever. The bike's headlight illuminates him,
dialog: racing toward him --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Stop - stop! - STOP!
text: The bike abruptly pulls up short.
speaker_heading: GUY #2
dialog: Hey, I didn't force nothing on you.
text: Bella scrambles off, stumbling in the process. Edward is
dialog: gone.
text: The four Guys then REV their bikes and PEEL out. Bella
text: watches them go as Jessica storms up.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What the hell is wrong with you?!
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (almost to herself)
dialog: I... saw something.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You. Are insane. Or suicidal.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (trying to figure it out)
dialog: The more dangerous... the more real it
dialog: was.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: So, what, you're like an adrenaline
dialog: junky now? Go hang-gliding or bungie-
dialog: jumping. Don't be a complete freak.
dialog: 35.
text: An angry Jessica charges off. Bella watches the motorcycles
dialog: disappear down the street as --
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: He wasn't real. I knew that. I
dialog: didn't care. I needed to see him. If
dialog: danger's what it took, that's what I'd
dialog: find.
text: Off Bella, determination settling into her face...
scene_heading: EXT. JACOB BLACK'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Bella pulls up in her truck, a tarp covering something big
text: in the back. Jacob comes out of the house. A huge grin.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Bella!
text: Bella hops out, Jacob gives her a hug. Bella's surprised by
dialog: his affection, but doesn't mind.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: `Bout time you came by.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I brought you something.
text: Bella pulls the tarp back, revealing - her neighbor's two
text: dilapidated, rusting MOTORCYCLES.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Scrap metal. You shouldn't have.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I rescued them from the dump. They'd
dialog: cost more than they're worth to fix...
dialog: unless one had a mechanic-type friend.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Me, being the mechanic-type friend?
dialog: (off her shrug)
dialog: Since when are you into motorcycles?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Recently.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (studying the bikes)
dialog: The parts alone will be pricey.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I have a college fund I can dig into.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Charlie's gonna love that.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Charlie won't know.
speaker_heading: JACOB
text: Wow. Lying to Dad. Blowing through
dialog: college money. Repairing dangerous
dialog: machines - that I'm guessing you'll
dialog: want to ride?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I really get it if you think this is
dialog: stupid and reckless.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Oh it's totally stupid and reckless.
dialog: (leans closer, grins)
dialog: When do we start?
dialog: Bella face spreads into something we haven't seen in a
text: while... a wide smile. As they pull the bikes off the
text: truck, they laugh and joke; it's as though Jacob has brought
dialog: Bella back to life. But --
scene_heading: UNKNOWN POV - ON BELLA AND JACOB FROM A DISTANCE
text: -- someone's watching as the two of them wheel the bikes
text: into the garage. REVERSE on the watcher to discover --
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF THE WOODS - SAM ULEY - SAME
text: Next to Sam stand two others, JARED, 17, and PAUL, 18. All
text: three have cropped hair, sleeveless shirts, cut-offs. It's
text: unsettling how they watch Bella and Jacob; the ferocity in
dialog: their eyes, the danger.
text: Sam turns; the others follow his lead. The three slink
text: soundlessly into the darkness of the woods...
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Two hikers, NATE and TIM, 20's, as they tromp through the
text: shadowy, mist-laden woods. Tim studies his IPhone GPS --
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: We're going the wrong way.
speaker_heading: NATE
dialog: Who cares? Enjoy the scenery.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: (slapping a mosquito)
dialog: And the West Nile virus.
text: Tim hears a RUSTLE. Stops.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: You hear that?
speaker_heading: NATE
dialog: If I knew you were such a wuss, I'd
dialog: have brought my grandma.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Could be one of those giant bears.
speaker_heading: NATE
dialog: There are no giant --
text: RUSTLE. Nate stops. Then, from the opposite direction,
text: another RUSTLE. Then another, and another, from behind,
text: from in front. It's either more than one creature or it's
text: moving with extraordinary speed. The guys are terrified.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: What the hell is that?!
speaker_heading: NATE
dialog: I don't know!
text: The guys, faced away from one another, search the trees.
text: STAY ON TIM as suddenly, there's an eerie SILENCE. Beat.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Think it's gone?
text: No answer. He turns to find that Nate has vanished.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Nate? Nate!?
text: Nothing... then the RUSTLING starts again. And intensifies.
text: Tim BOLTS! CLOSE ON TIM - tearing through the woods, too
text: scared to feel the branches SMACK him in the face. Breath
text: ragged, he looks over his shoulder --
text: TIM'S POV - BEHIND HIM - something gives chase, flattening
text: foliage and bending thin trees in its path. Tim runs harder --
scene_heading: TIM'S POV - UP AHEAD THROUGH THE TREES - THE HIGHWAY
text: A couple cars pass. Civilization. Safety. Tim races for it --
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY (CONTINUOUS)
text: Tim bursts from the tree-line, he's almost to the pavement,
dialog: he`s going to escape --
text: BAM! Something YANKS him out of frame at an unnatural
text: angle. His SCREAM is abruptly choked off, leaving nothing
dialog: but a disturbing silence...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JACOB'S GARAGE - ANOTHER DAY
text: Motorcycle parts are spread out on blankets. Jacob moves
text: among them excitedly, piecing them together. Bella watches.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: If we're going to be working on this
dialog: every day, we should probably include
dialog: some homework. Don't want the Dads to
dialog: think I'm a bad influence on you.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You influence me? Please.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I am older than you.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Age ain't nothin' but a number.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: And I convinced you to secretly build
dialog: us two-wheeled death machines.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (sudden mock-horror)
dialog: God, you're right, you're like Satan --
speaker_heading: QUIL (O.S.)
dialog: Yo, Jake, you in there?
text: Bella abruptly sits up, starts to pull a tarp over the bikes.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It's cool, it's just my boys.
text: QUIL ATEARA and EMBRY CALL enter, both 16. Quil is short,
text: stocky and feisty, with short hair. Embry is tall, thin and
text: laid back, with chin-length black hair.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: Hey, Jake --
dialog: 39.
text: They stop when they see Bella. The two guys share a smile.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Hey. This is Bella. Bella, that's
dialog: Quil and Embry.
speaker_heading: QUIL
dialog: So the bike building story is true.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Taught him everything he knows.
speaker_heading: QUIL
dialog: What about the part where you're his
dialog: girlfriend?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Oh, we're just friends.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: Ooh. Burn.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (scrambling)
dialog: I said she's a girl and a friend.
speaker_heading: QUIL
dialog: Embry, you remember him making that
dialog: distinction?
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: Nope.
dialog: Bella rescues Jacob --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: So I guess you guys have girlfriends.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (laughs loudly)
dialog: Right. Quil took his cousin to prom.
text: Embry chuckles, as well.
speaker_heading: QUIL
dialog: Yeah, that's still a riot. You want
dialog: funny, Black? I'll give you funny.
text: Quil makes a run at him, he dodges; a playful scuffle ensues.
text: Embry, amused, saunters over to Bella.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: I got five bucks on Quil.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You're on.
text: The scuffle continues. Off Bella, enjoying them...
text: A SERIES OF SCENES...
scene_heading: INT. JACOB'S GARAGE - OVER THE COURSE OF SEVERAL DAYS
text: The bikes begin to take shape, the parts on the blanket thin
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: I never forgot my reason for doing
dialog: what I was doing...
text: Jacob clowns for Bella's amusement, pretends to skewer
text: himself with a pipe. She laughs.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: But being with Jacob was a bigger perk
dialog: than I expected...
text: He constantly touches her, playful, affectionate. It's
dialog: effortless in contrast to Edward's intense restraint. We
text: can see her spirits beginning to lift.
scene_heading: EXT. JACOB'S GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Bella and Jacob exit, make their way across the yard to her
text: truck. Bella seems lighter, happier than before.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Quil keeps asking to come over. I
dialog: think he likes you a little too much.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Tell him I'm not into the cougar
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: What is it with you and age? I mean,
dialog: that Cullen guy was young, didn't seem
dialog: to... bother you.
text: He instantly regrets saying Edward's name as he sees it
text: crush her spirits. Off Bella, retreating into herself...
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: Not even Jacob could keep away the
dialog: nightmares...
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT (NIGHTMARE)
text: Bella TEARS through the forest, searching desperately. Then
text: she turns -- finds Edward a few yards away, his face cold.
text: She steps toward him -- but he BOLTS backward, suddenly
dialog: twenty yards away --
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: ... the terror, the loneliness.
text: -- he rapidly retreats further until he disappears, leaving
text: Bella utterly alone, darkness closing in on her...
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Bella SCREAMS in her sleep. The light turns on and Charlie
text: hurries to her side, gently shaking her awake.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're alright, Bells. You're okay.
text: Her eyes open, tears streaming down her cheeks. He doesn't
dialog: quite know what to do, so hands her a glass of water from
text: her bedside table. She sits up, sips. He pulls the
text: dreamcatcher from her bedpost.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This thing's not working very well.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It's... not as bad as it was.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know what it's like, you know. When
dialog: your mom left me. I had a hell of a
dialog: time. Imagined doing all kinds of
dialog: crazy things, just to stop the pain.
text: She avoids his look.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: But hanging out with Jacob seems to
dialog: help get your mind off... things.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: He's been keeping me afloat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's good. He's a good guy.
dialog: Off Bella...
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S TRUCK - DAY
text: Bella drives along the La Push cliffs. Jacob rides shotgun.
text: He studies a grease-blackened motorcycle crankshaft.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: We got lucky at the dump. You know
dialog: how much a new crankshaft goes for?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Sure, I spend all my free time on
dialog: crankshaft-dot-com.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I think that's a porn site.
dialog: (then)
dialog: These bikes are gonna be rolling soon.
dialog: Where should we ride first?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Someplace sunny.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Like there's any place sunny around
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I know a place above the cloud line --
text: The second she says it, she regrets it -- off her --
text: FLASHPOP TO - THE MEADOW, Bella lying in the grass with
text: Edward ("Twilight"), flowers surrounding them.
speaker_heading: JACOB (O.S.)
dialog: Where is it?
text: BACK ON BELLA - her face falls.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Actually, it's... too hard to get to.
text: He brings his easy smile and optimism to the rescue.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: So we'll find our sunny spot, right?
text: She smiles, grateful. Then she looks out the window at the
dialog: cliffs... and notices --
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: BELLA'S POV - IN THE DISTANCE BY THE CLIFF
text: FOUR MEN stand on the rocky ledge of the cliff (Sam, Jared,
text: Paul, and a fourth). They wear nothing but cut-off shorts.
text: They push each other, rough-housing.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Isn't that... Sam Uley?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (bitter)
dialog: And his cult.
text: Suddenly, two of the guys throw a struggling Jared over the
text: cliff! BELLA SLAMS on the brakes. Jumps out of the truck --
text: Jacob climbs out after her --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Oh my God! Stop them! --
scene_heading: EXT. LA PUSH CLIFFS (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: -- Bella runs toward them. But Jacob's laughter slows her.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: They're not really fighting, Bella.
dialog: They're cliff diving.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What, on purpose?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Scary as hell, but a total rush.
text: BELLA'S POV - A DIVER (Paul) takes a running start and
text: FLINGS himself into the air, twisting and cartwheeling down.
dialog: Bella is intrigued, sees the potential for adrenaline - for
dialog: Edward.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Most of us jump from lower down.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Think I could?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Man, first motorcycles, now cliff diving?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You said it was a rush.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Maybe on a warmer day. And not from
dialog: the top. We'll leave the showing off
dialog: to Sam and his disciples.
text: There's that bitter edge again. She looks at him.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You don't like them.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: They think they run this place. Acting
dialog: all bad ass, calling themselves
dialog: "protectors."
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What are they protecting?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: The tribe, the land, their right to be
dialog: jerks. Embry used to call them hall
text: monitors on steroids; now look at him.
text: Bella looks closer, SEES the fourth guy is Embry, hair now
text: shorn, thin frame filled out, laid back expression gone. It
dialog: pains Jacob to see him.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That's Embry? I didn't recognize him.
dialog: What happened to him?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: He missed some school - then, out of
text: nowhere, he's following Sam around.
dialog: Same thing happened with Paul and
dialog: Jared. They weren't even friends, now
dialog: Sam owns them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sam keeps giving me this look, like
dialog: he's waiting for me or something; it's
dialog: kinda freaking me out.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Maybe you should just avoid them.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I try but...
text: She sees he's unnerved, instinctively hugs him reassuringly.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Hey. If it gets worse, we'll go to my
dialog: Dad. Or you can come stay with us.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (beat, holding her)
dialog: If this is how you're going to react,
dialog: I'll freak out more often.
text: Bella realizes she crossed a line and covers, playfully
text: shoving him. As they head to the truck, Bella looks back --
speaker_heading: BELLA'S POV - ON SAM
text: -- but now he's looking directly at her. Then he turns and
text: DIVES over the edge, cutting a clean line into the water.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Bella carries her tray to an empty table, but looks over at
text: Mike, Angela, Jessica and Eric. Bella takes a breath, then
text: casually joins them. They take note, but keep talking.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I'll kill Tyler if he gave me his flu.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: It's going around. My sister was so
dialog: sick she couldn't come on our hike
dialog: this weekend... so she didn't see it.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Ang, maybe you should keep that to
dialog: yourself --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: We saw something, Eric.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: I believe you.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No he doesn't. He's just trying to
dialog: get lucky.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: (suddenly hopeful)
dialog: Is that an option?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: It was jet black and huge; on all
dialog: fours it was still taller than a
dialog: person. A bear maybe.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Or Big Foot.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Or an alien. Lucky you didn't get
dialog: probed.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: ... We saw it.
text: She's serious. And a little scared. Bella see that.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You're not the only one.
dialog: Everyone stares. Did Bella just speak?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: My dad's been getting reports at the
text: sheriff's station. A couple hikers
dialog: went missing. People are scared.
text: Now everyone's chilled.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I did hear some guy talking about it
dialog: at the store.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Last time you clowns doubt my
dialog: girlfriend.
text: As they continue, Angela mouths "thanks" to Bella. They
text: share a smile and join in, Bella becoming part of the group.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ECU ON JACOB AND BELLA'S FACES
dialog: -- just inches apart.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You look scared.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'm not.
text: She's lying. PULL BACK to see she's straddling the now
text: completed motorcycle. Jacob stands next to her, holding the
dialog: bike up. There's an intimacy to their proximity. INCLUDE --
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: EXT. LA PUSH - CLEARING IN THE FOREST (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: The bike is aimed down a dirt road. Jacob runs through the
dialog: instructions:
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Brake?
dialog: (she taps it)
dialog: Clutch?
dialog: (she squeezes it)
dialog: Right. Gas?
dialog: (she grips it)
dialog: You ready?
text: Bella nods. Jacob grins... then KICK-STARTS the bike.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Slowly... release the clutch.
text: She does... the bike moves forward an inch -- Jacob
text: cautiously steps back. She moves forward another inch --
speaker_heading: EDWARD (O.S.)
dialog: Stop.
text: Bella turns to find the apparition of EDWARD standing next
text: to her. Her hand slips off the clutch, the bike BUCKS and
text: falls on top of her. Jacob quickly lifts it off her as the
text: apparition of Edward disappears.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You okay? Bruises, breaks -- ?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'm going again.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I'm not sure that's a good --
text: Bella quickly rises and hops back on.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Guess we're going again. Now what are
dialog: you going to do with the clutch?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Release it. Slowly.
text: Jacob nods. Then kick-starts the bike again. She releases
text: the clutch and moves forward. Slowly at first -- EDWARD
text: reappears at her side, glowering.
dialog: 48.
text: She keeps going, a little faster. EDWARD appears on her left
text: now; she passes him. He reappears ahead; she passes.
text: ON BELLA'S FACE as the wind flings her hair back. She
text: gathers speed... and for a moment, experiences pure freedom,
text: exhilaration... then she sees Edward standing at the curve
text: in the road ahead, and realizes --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (yelling to Jacob)
dialog: I don't -- how do I turn!?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Bank it! Bank - hit the brake!
text: Jacob races toward her. She reaches the turn, doesn't bank,
text: goes straight... and flies right into a wall of trees.
text: As she lies on the ground dazed, Jacob hurries up.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: What, are you training for the X-games?
text: She looks around for Edward. He's gone.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I want to go again.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Forget it. I'm revoking your
dialog: motorcycle privileges. Man, look at
dialog: your head.
text: Indeed, blood drips down her forehead. He pulls off his
text: shirt to mop it up. She shrinks away --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: God, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You're apologizing for bleeding?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It doesn't... bother you?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It's just blood, Bella.
text: He bends over her, carefully tending her head. She finds
text: herself looking at him. His dark eyes, his bare chest and
text: smooth skin. He glances at her.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: What are you staring at?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Just, you're actually... good looking.
text: He's surprised; there's a moment between them. He smiles.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: How hard did you hit your head?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh I - yeah.
text: He offers her a hand, helps her up. She holds onto it,
dialog: alarmed.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Jake, you're hot.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Upgraded from good looking?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No, temperature hot.
dialog: (feels his forehead)
dialog: You're burning up.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I feel fine.
text: He takes her hand from his forehead. Holds it. She tries
dialog: to pull it away.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: What? I can't hold your hand?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It just... means something else to you
dialog: than it does to me.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: One, that's my problem. But two... we
dialog: have fun, you think I'm hot --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Good looking.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I know you like me.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: More than anyone. But... that's all.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Because of Cullen?
text: The name stings her. He takes both her hands now.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Look, I know what he did to you. I
dialog: can see it in your face every time his
dialog: name comes up. But you need to know -
dialog: I would never, ever do that to you. I
dialog: promise I will never hurt you. You
dialog: can count on me.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I already do. You don't know how
dialog: much. You're my best friend but... I
dialog: don't think my feelings will change.
text: He takes this in, it's hard. A wave of something sweeps
text: over him. He sits back. Closes his eyes, takes a breath.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'm sorry. I should've said something
dialog: right from the start --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: No. That's not -- I just feel...
dialog: weird.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I told you, you have a fever.
dialog: Probably that flu everyone has.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It doesn't... feel like flu. I don't
dialog: know what it is.
text: Off Jacob, rattled, and Bella, concerned...
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - ANOTHER DAY
text: Bella does homework. Charlie watches a game. She's on
dialog: edge. Anxious. HEAR A BEEEEP --
speaker_heading: BELLA (O.S.)
dialog: Hey Jake. Just checking to see how
dialog: you're doing. And to say I'm sorry,
dialog: about, you know... how I feel and...
dialog: hope the flu passes fast. Call me.
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: EXT. FORKS HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - ANOTHER DAY
text: Bella climbs out of her truck, SEES the empty spot where
text: Edward used to park. SEES Eric and Angela canoodling.
text: Couples everywhere. She puts her head down, hurries to
dialog: class. BEEEEP --
speaker_heading: BELLA (O.S.)
dialog: Hi Jake. Your dad said you have mono.
dialog: He won't let me visit but... would you
dialog: call me?
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Bella paces her room, not wanting to sleep/dream. She eyes
text: the phone, waiting for it to ring. BEEEEP --
speaker_heading: BELLA (O.S.)
dialog: Me again. I just... need to hear your
dialog: voice...
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Bella's on the phone, leaving yet another message, her
text: desperation having reached its peak. In the living room,
text: Charlie and Harry check their fishing gear.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Jacob. Please. Call me.
text: She hangs up, leans her forehead against the phone. Charlie
dialog: enters --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Harry and I will be back by three --
text: He stops when he sees her. Puts a hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's mono, Bells.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: He's too sick to even call?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You just gotta wait it out.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You know, I don't have to go fishing...
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (forcing a smile)
dialog: No, go. I'll call Jess or someone.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Good. But stay here or at Jess's. No
dialog: hikes or anything. We're issuing a
dialog: warning about those bears.
dialog: Off Bella's nod --
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: SERIES OF CUTS - Bella tries to navigate her way to the
text: meadow. She refers to a map, a compass.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: I was more afraid of the hole in my
dialog: chest than I was of bears. Without
dialog: Jacob, I needed Edward more than
dialog: ever...
text: Bella tries a trail; it doesn't look familiar. Backtracks.
dialog: Tries another.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: ... I needed to know he existed.
dialog: There was only one place I might find
dialog: him, or the feeling of him...
dialog: FLASHPOP - THE MEADOW - Edward and Bella lie in the grass
text: surrounded by flowers, sunlight dappling them. They look
text: lovingly into one another's eyes...
text: BACK ON BELLA - the memory and her desperation fuel her.
text: Finally, she sees a clearing ahead, hurries toward it --
scene_heading: EXT. THE MEADOW (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: -- Bella steps into the clearing, hopeful... but her face
text: falls. In contrast to the warmth of her memory, the meadow
text: is cold, gloomy, cloudy. And no Edward. She closes her
text: eyes, trying to force Edward here.
text: Nothing. Her eyes open on the empty, overcast meadow.
text: Bella sinks to her knees. Tears threatening. But then she
text: hears a RUSTLING noise. She turns toward it, peers into the
dialog: woods.
text: Another RUSTLING NOISE comes from another part of the woods.
text: She spins toward it -- nothing. Then she turns and JUMPS
dialog: when she finds --
text: Vampire LAURENT standing just ten yards away. Dreadlocks,
text: chiseled face. Bella can't believe it.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Laurent?
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: Bella.
text: She beams, realizing he's real.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Laurent!
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: I must admit, I didn't expect to find
dialog: you here.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I live here. But you - I thought you
dialog: were in Alaska with Carlisle's friend.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: Tanya, I was. It was kind of him to
dialog: arrange, given my association with
dialog: James and Victoria, "The Enemy."
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You tried to help us.
text: Laurent begins to stroll in a slow arc around her, his eyes
dialog: assessing her as --
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: I went to visit the Cullens, but their
dialog: house is empty. I'm surprised they
dialog: left you behind. Weren't you sort of
dialog: a pet of theirs?
text: Bella's smile falters, fear beginning to dawn on her.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Um... something like that.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: Do the Cullens visit often?
text: Suddenly, EDWARD'S apparition appears between them.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Lie.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Absolutely. All the time.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Lie better.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'll tell them you stopped by.
text: Edward fades (throughout, he'll reappear when he speaks,
text: then fade again). Bella tries to look relaxed.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Will they be able to reach you in Alaska?
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: I don't think so. Tanya's "vegetarian"
dialog: family was pleasant enough. But the
dialog: dietary restrictions were difficult -
dialog: living on nothing but animals.
text: Suddenly, he's standing inches from her. She now sees his
text: EYES. Dark blood-red.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: (conspiratorial)
dialog: Tell me Bella. Do you ever feel
dialog: compelled to... cheat?
text: Bella involuntarily takes a step away from him.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: But that's not why I left. I came
dialog: back here as a favor to Victoria.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: ... You're still friends.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: More or less. She asked me to get the
dialog: lay of the land with the Cullens.
dialog: Because, well... I'm afraid Victoria
dialog: is quite put out with you.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That's... too bad.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: Yes. She feels it's only fair to kill
text: Edward's mate, given he killed hers.
dialog: Eye for an eye, mate for a mate.
text: And now Bella knows. Terror overwhelms her. Edward appears --
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Threaten him.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Edward will know who did it. He'll
dialog: come after both of you.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: I don't think he will. After all, how
dialog: much could you mean to him if he left
dialog: you here unprotected?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Victoria sent me here for information.
dialog: She won't be happy about my killing
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No, Laurent...
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: No, no, no. Don't be upset. I'm
dialog: doing you a kindness. Victoria plans
dialog: on killing you slowly, painfully -
dialog: whereas I'll make it very quick.
dialog: (inhaling)
dialog: And you smell so... mouth watering.
text: He faces her, taking in her scent, bloodlust building. Her
dialog: eyes dart around, escape is impossible --
text: The only thing she SEES is the apparition of Edward, looking
text: at her with alarm...
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (whispering, barely
dialog: audible)
dialog: Edward. I love you.
text: Laurent is milliseconds from biting - then abruptly, his
text: expression changes. He sees something in the forest behind
text: Bella - and it terrifies him.
speaker_heading: LAURENT
dialog: I... don't believe it.
text: He steps back. Bella's confused as she realizes he's no
text: longer focused on her... she follows his eyes, slowly
dialog: turning... to find behind her --
text: AN ENORMOUS BLACK WOLF skulking out of the darkness of the
text: woods. It stalks towards them, a low disturbing GROWL in
text: its throat, sharp teeth gleaming.
dialog: 56.
text: Bella is trapped between the two killers. Edward whispers
dialog: in her ear --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Don't. Move.
text: The wolf slinks closer to Bella, a mere twenty feet from where
dialog: she stands, then --
text: FOUR MORE WOLVES soundlessly emerge from the trees, flanking
dialog: the black wolf. They're the size of small horses, all of
text: different hues: dark silver, chocolate, ash and russet-
text: brown. Their hackles are up, lips curling, bodies crouched,
dialog: ready to spring.
text: Bella is frozen with fear as they come toward her. The RUSSET-
text: BROWN WOLF is the closest and looks directly at her. Laurent
text: continues to retreat - then suddenly, almost simultaneously --
dialog: -- Laurent BOLTS across the meadow --
text: -- The wolves SPRING toward Bella -- and leap right over her
text: in pursuit of Laurent! Their thunderous SNARLS and SNAPS
text: shake her as the pack sprint after the vampire, surrounding
text: him before he reaches the treeline --
text: Laurent SWINGS at the dark silver wolf, SMACKING the wolf
text: half-way across the meadow. Another wolf lunges at Laurent -
text: he kicks it and it sails into a tree, SPLINTERING it.
text: The two wolves recover, lurch back to the pack which closes
dialog: in on Laurent. It's impossible to know who will prevail --
text: Bella doesn't stay to find out. She RACES into the woods --
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: -- Bella runs franticly, tearing down the hillside,
text: tripping, quickly picking herself up -- running, running --
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS/ROADSIDE - DAY
text: -- Bella DASHES out of the treeline and to her truck parked
text: on the shoulder. She jumps in, PEALS out --
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Bella BURSTS in, out of breath. Charlie and Harry
text: Clearwater are washing their fishing gear. Charlie spins.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Bella? What's wrong?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: They're not giant bears -- I saw them.
dialog: Up in a meadow --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Damn it, I told you not to go into the
dialog: woods!
speaker_heading: HARRY CLEARWATER
dialog: What did you see, Bella?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Wolves. They're wolves, Dad.
dialog: We might note, though they don't, that Harry Clearwater
dialog: sighs ever-so-slightly.
speaker_heading: BELLA
text: Five of them. The size of - of cars.
dialog: I swear. They went after -- something -
dialog: - and I ran.
text: Charlie grabs up the phone; as he dials --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Harry, can you get some men from the rez?
speaker_heading: HARRY CLEARWATER
dialog: Sure. Yeah. I'll just --
text: Harry seems more concerned than gung-ho as he slips out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Jerry? Put a hunting party together --
dialog: tranq guns, large caliber shotguns --
dialog: there's something dangerous out there.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: Something dangerous. Victoria.
text: Her eyes dart around the house, their vulnerability spinning
text: in on her. As Charlie hangs up, goes to his gun cabinet --
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: If she came after me, Charlie would
dialog: try to protect me -- and he'd die.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I've gotta go to the station.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Good! -- That's good.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You okay here? You want to come with?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Actually, I -- need to see a friend.
scene_heading: EXT. JACOB'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Bella knocks. Then knocks again. Finally, Billy answers.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Hi, Billy. I know Jacob's sick but --
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: He's out with friends.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I'll let him know you came by.
text: Billy starts to close the door, but Bella stops him.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Wait -- he's got mono, right? That's
dialog: what you told my dad.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (with compassion)
dialog: You should go on home, Bella.
dialog: And he closes the door. Off Bella --
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S TRUCK - DAY
text: Bella climbs in, slams the door, pissed. Starts the truck.
text: Then turns it off. Deciding, she tosses the keys aside and
text: sinks down into her seat to wait...
scene_heading: BELLA'S POV - EXT. JACOB'S HOUSE - ON THE WINDOW - LATER
text: RAIN now pours down. Billy, inside, pulls the curtain back,
text: looks out at Bella with sympathy. Then closes the curtain.
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S TRUCK - ON BELLA - SAME
text: Bella looks out the passenger window at Billy. Suddenly,
text: there's a KNOCK at the driver's window. She spins to find --
text: JACOB standing there. But his face is shockingly different.
text: His hair is cropped short. No friendly smile.
dialog: 59.
text: No warmth in his eyes. Just a hard, brooding resentment.
text: Bella is taken aback. She climbs out of the truck to FIND --
scene_heading: EXT. JACOB'S HOUSE (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: -- behind Jacob stand Sam Uley, Jared, Paul and Embry.
text: They're oblivious to the rain, wear minimal clothes.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You cut your hair.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Go away.
text: Jacob turns away. Sam leads the group toward the house.
text: Jacob follows. She, and we, note his sure-footed strides;
text: his awkward growth spurt disappeared overnight. She grabs
dialog: his arm.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What happened to you?
text: He stops, turns back. The others wait on the porch for him.
text: They're out of earshot, but won't leave him alone with her.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (lowers her voice)
dialog: I can help.
text: His face is hard as he shakes his head. He's not talking.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Sam got to you. What did he do?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Sam's trying to help me, don't blame him.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Then who?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (bitterness seething)
dialog: How `bout those filthy, reeking
dialog: bloodsuckers you love? The Cullens.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: I... don't know what you're --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You know exactly what I'm talking
dialog: about.
text: He's shaking, almost convulsing with anger. She regroups.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: The Cullens are long gone. How are
dialog: they to blame?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: They started all this by existing.
dialog: Goddamn leeches --
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Jacob.
text: Jacob glances at Sam, who gives him a look. Jacob takes a
text: breath, trying to calm himself.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I can't be friends with you anymore.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Jake, I know I hurt you. I should
dialog: have been more up-front but -- I
dialog: needed you, I still do. I don't know
dialog: what that means yet, but if you give
dialog: me time --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Stop. Don't. It's not you --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: -- "It's not you, it's me?" God.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It's true. I'm not... good.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You're wrong --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It doesn't matter. This is over --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I can't take losing my best friend, too.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You already have --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Don't say that -- you promised --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Go home, Bella. Don't come back.
text: He practically runs away, joining the gang who all disappear
text: inside. Off Bella, standing in the rain...
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Bella enters, dripping wet, too listless to close the door.
text: Charlie's face falls when he sees the pain and lifelessness
text: returned to her. He grabs a blanket, wraps her in it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Billy called, said you and Jacob had a
dialog: fight. But, hey, you guys will work
dialog: it out, I'm sure of it.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'm... going to change.
text: Bella heads upstairs. Charlie sags, helpless. He moves to
dialog: the open door --
scene_heading: UNKNOWN POV - EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: -- It paces, watching Charlie slowly close the door...
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Bella TEARS through the forest again, searching. She turns --
text: finds Edward, cold, distant. But his face begins to MORPH...
text: ... and becomes Jacob's. She reaches for him but he BOLTS
text: backward, suddenly many yards away.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Why!?
text: He, too, retreats further, disappearing until Bella is alone.
text: BLACKNESS encroaches, the moonlight becoming a tiny
text: spotlight on her. She searches the dark - then SEES a pair
text: of EYES, female, blood-red - coming toward her; HEAR a loud
scene_heading: SCREECHING NOISE --
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: -- Bella tosses herself awake, slowly realizing it was just
text: a dream. But she HEARS the SCREECHING noise again!
text: Fingernails on her window. Bella bolts upright, looks
dialog: around for a weapon --
speaker_heading: JACOB (O.S.)
dialog: (whisper shouting)
dialog: Bella! Ouch - damn it; open the window.
text: Bella cautiously moves to her window to find --
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: Jacob, shirtless, clings to the top of a tree which bends
text: with his weight. Bella opens the window, whisper-yelling --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Get out of the way.
text: He begins to swing his legs, increasing momentum. She
dialog: realizes what he's about to attempt --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No!
text: He launches himself THROUGH the window with great agility --
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S BEDROOM (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: -- Jacob lands on the balls of his feet. Bella is stunned.
text: He freezes, listening for Charlie. Nothing. A bitter, self-
text: satisfied grin spreads on his face. It pisses Bella off.
text: He takes in her room.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I pictured your room more...
text: cluttered.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I had to talk to you. Alone.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: To kick me in the gut again? It was
dialog: bad before, but you made it so much
dialog: worse.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I know. And I want to explain.
dialog: But... I can't.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Then leave.
text: He stays put. She tries to push him but he's immoveable.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You're done with me, remember? Get.
dialog: Out!
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Bella, I literally can't explain...
text: She becomes aware of her hands on his bare skin and muscular
text: chest. The intimacy of their touch. She pulls away.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I broke my promise not to hurt you, I
dialog: know. But I'm trying to keep it now.
dialog: I need you to understand... even if
dialog: you don't want to see me when you find
dialog: out --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Find what out?
text: He starts to speak -- but can't. It's agonizing. She sees
text: he's in pain. Is concerned.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I can't do it.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Yes, you can. I'll help you. We
dialog: can... we can leave. Leave home,
dialog: leave Sam.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It's not something I can run away
dialog: from.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I would run with you though. If I
dialog: could.
dialog: (beat, realizing)
dialog: Wait. Wait, I already -- I told you.
dialog: You know this -- you can guess.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I don't want to play games with you --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You have to! I can't tell you, but if
dialog: you remember - it was that day I ran
dialog: into you at the beach. I told you a
dialog: story -- come on! I told you a
dialog: story... about?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: ... about... "The Cold Ones?" You
dialog: said it was a stupid tribal myth.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Was it? Are the Cold Ones a myth?
text: She doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: What else did I say?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That... the tribe made a treaty with
dialog: them. They can't come onto your land
dialog: and... I don't know, I don't remember.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Try, Bella.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You have to give me more. Tell me
dialog: where to look. Is there something I
dialog: should see -- ?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: No, that's too dangerous --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'll take the risk. Jacob, show me.
text: He looks at her, doesn't want to but knows it's the only
dialog: way. Beat.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Where was the last place you saw me...
dialog: the way I used to be?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: The motorcycles - that clearing in the
dialog: woods.
text: He nods slowly, then turns to go. She stops him.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Don't go. There are dangerous things
dialog: out there; more than you know.
text: He looks at her with a wry smile. Then pulls her into a
text: hug. Her cheek against his bare chest. She takes in the
text: closeness... then he soundlessly heads out her door. A beat
text: -- Bella starts pulling on clothes.
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Bella drives through the darkness.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: If I was going to lose someone else, I
dialog: needed to know why.
text: She pulls off the road, and drives into the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. LA PUSH - CLEARING IN THE FOREST - NIGHT
text: Bella parks. Climbs out of her truck. The moon eerily
text: illuminates the clearing. Forest NOISES encroach.
text: She hears a RUSTLE amid the trees. Spooked, she freezes --
text: then SEES JACOB emerge from the trees. A moment as their
dialog: eyes meet. Then --
text: Sam Uley, Paul, Embry and Jared step into the clearing, as
text: well, half-clothed, movements almost synchronized. Their
text: expressions simultaneously alter into fury when they see
text: Bella. Paul spins on Jacob.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What the hell have you done?!
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I didn't tell her. You'd know if I
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: She's here, isn't she?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bella, there's nothing to see here.
dialog: You should go home.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Not until I know what you did to Jacob.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (advancing on Bella)
dialog: What we did?!
text: Jacob moves in front of Bella protectively, facing Paul.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Both of you, calm down --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Sam, she knows things about the
dialog: bloodsuckers. She's been on the
dialog: inside. She can help --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Like a leech lover's gonna help us.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Watch what you call her.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: Get a grip, guys --
text: But Paul and Jacob are so angry, their bodies begin to
text: shake, nearly convulse. It unnerves Bella --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It's alright, Jacob, I'll go --
text: Paul and Jacob are beyond hearing.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: All you care about is her --
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (commanding)
dialog: Paul, back off.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: -- and she doesn't give a crap about
dialog: you --
text: Jacob flashes anger, PUSHES Paul, hard. Paul FLIES backward.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Jacob.
text: Paul rises, outraged, throws his head back in a growl,
dialog: vibrating violently --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Too late.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bella, get back!
text: Paul FALLS FORWARD but halfway to the ground there's a loud
text: RIPPING noise and Paul explodes in silver-gray fur, becoming
text: a massive wolf crouched and ready to spring!
text: Bella, horrified, grabs Jacob's arm, pulling him --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Run, Jacob! --
text: But he yanks away from her, runs directly at the Paul-wolf --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Jake, no! Stop -- !
dialog: 67.
text: Jacob DIVES headfirst into the air - with another sharp
text: TEARING sound, shreds of cloth blast into the air, fur
text: BURSTS from Jacob's skin - he lands on the ground a gigantic
text: russet-brown wolf, charging the Paul-wolf.
text: Bella reels as the two wolves CRASH into each other,
text: snarling and RAMMING one another. The sound is DEAFENING.
text: Their teeth flash at each other's throats.
text: Bella stumbles backward as the fight carries the two wolves
dialog: beyond the clearing and into the woods --
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM, as they fight deeper and deeper into
text: the darkness... until they disappear. The horrible SOUNDS
dialog: of the fight still ECHO --
text: BACK IN THE CLEARING -- Sam starts after them, kicking off
dialog: his shoes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Take Bella to Emily's place.
text: Sam disappears leaving an eerie quiet. A long silence...
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: Guess the wolf's out of the bag.
text: Off Bella, stunned.
scene_heading: EXT. LA PUSH - EMILY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Bella's truck, driven by Embry, pulls up to a tiny,
text: weathered house with a window box full of marigolds. Jared,
text: in the back, jumps out, opens Bella's door. He and Embry
text: head toward the house. She doesn't move.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: (to Jared)
dialog: Pay up. She didn't puke.
text: Jared, annoyed, hands Embry five bucks.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: Told you she was tough. She does run
dialog: with bloodsuckers.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Wait. We should go back, make sure
dialog: Jacob's okay.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I hope Paul gets some teeth in him.
dialog: Serve him right.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: No way. Jake's a natural. You see
dialog: him phase on the fly? I gotta fiver
text: says Paul doesn't touch him.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Easy money. Paul's been at it longer.
text: Bella looks at them, appalled. They realize she's not
dialog: following them.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: Come on in. We won't bite.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Speak for yourself.
text: Bella warily climbs out of the car, joins them. Embry
dialog: pauses at the door --
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: Oh, hey, about Emily - Sam's fiance -
dialog: just try not to stare. It bugs Sam.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Why would I stare? --
dialog: -- But the guys are already entering --
scene_heading: INT. EMILY'S HOUSE (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: Bella hesitantly enters behind Jared and Embry. She sees
text: EMILY, 20, at a counter, popping fresh muffins out of a tin.
text: SEE only one side of Emily's beautiful face, draped by long
dialog: black hair.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: You guys hungry? Like I have to ask...
text: Emily looks toward them now -- REVEALING the other side of
text: her face: A scar runs from hairline to chin, three red lines
text: that pull down her eye and twist her mouth.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Who's this?
text: As Jared and Embry beeline for the muffins --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Bella Swan. Who else?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: So you're the vampire girl.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: And you're a... you're all...
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Werewolves? I'm just engaged to one.
dialog: But these animals --
dialog: (slaps Embry's hand)
dialog: Save some for your brothers.
text: Bella cautiously approaches the counter, keeping an eye on
dialog: the door for Jacob.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Leave it to Jacob to get around Sam's
dialog: gag order.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: He didn't say anything, or...
dialog: couldn't.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: That's a wolf thing. Alpha's orders
dialog: get obeyed whether we want to or not --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: How `bout you shut up now, Embry?
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: You know Jacob's gonna fill her in.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Yeah, I know every stupid thought he
dialog: has.
dialog: (to Bella)
dialog: Wanna know what he thinks of you?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Like you need special powers to know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: (to Bella)
dialog: It's another wolf thing. We hear each
dialog: other's thoughts. Good for hunting.
dialog: Embarrassing for everything else.
text: Jared leans to Bella, challenging.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Freaking out yet?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (meets his look)
dialog: You're not the first -- mind reader
dialog: I've met.
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Jake's right. You are good with the
dialog: weird.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: But I don't get -- how? Why? --
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: -- Because there are bad things here.
text: She spins - Sam is now standing behind her, the front door
text: open behind him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And they're getting worse.
text: Bella is chilled. Sam moves past her to Emily - the sight
text: of her instantly warms his face.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey, Em.
text: He kisses Emily's scarred face adoringly. Bella has to look
text: away. Their utter devotion is a painful reminder of what
text: she has lost. Fortunately, she's distracted by --
text: Jacob and Paul's arrival. They laugh and jab one another.
text: Bella is relieved to find Jacob unscathed. Jared and Embry
text: crowd them, finding a scar on Paul's arm --
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: Ha! Pay up.
text: As Jared reluctantly hands Embry five bucks, Jacob's eyes
text: find Bella's. He nods solemnly to the door; we should talk.
scene_heading: EXT. LA PUSH - CLIFFS - DAWN
text: The sun is just beginning to rise, reddening the clouds
text: overhead. Bella paces by the cliff's edge, trying to come
text: to grips with this new reality. Jacob keeps his distance,
text: trying to control his anger.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You just have to... stop.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It's not a life-style choice. It's in
dialog: my DNA.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Killing is in your DNA?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Man, I thought maybe you wouldn't be
dialog: such a hypocrite -- what, I'm not the
dialog: right kind of monster for you? Can't
dialog: measure up to your bloodsucking
dialog: friends --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (angry as well)
dialog: Hey, they manage to survive without
dialog: hurting innocent people.
text: Jacob stops -- a beat as his anger is replaced by confusion.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Wait - innocent? -- so... you don't
dialog: care that I morph into a giant dog.
dialog: Just that I... kill people?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: "Just?" Those hikers' lives mean that
dialog: little to you?
text: He bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (repelled, turns to go)
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Bella -- Bella wait...
dialog: (he stops her)
dialog: We're not killing hikers. We're
dialog: trying to protect them.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: From what?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: The only thing we do kill: Vampires.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (stunned, reels)
dialog: Vampires? Jake, no --
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (steps back, bitter)
dialog: Don't worry, we can't touch your
dialog: precious Cullens - unless they bite
dialog: someone and violate the Treaty --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That's not what I -- you can't fight
dialog: vampires. They're too dangerous.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Please. We took out that leech with
dialog: the dreads easy enough.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You... killed Laurent?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (worried)
dialog: ... He didn't seem like a friend.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No, God no. But... how?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It's what we do, why we exist. A few
dialog: "lucky guys" in the tribe have the
dialog: gene. If a bloodsucker moves to town,
dialog: our DNA kicks in, we reach the right
dialog: age and the fever hits --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: "Mono."
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I wish. Next thing I know, they're
dialog: telling me, this is your life now. That
dialog: future you saw for yourself? Gone.
text: Desolation fills him. She sees this.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It's bad, huh?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I just hate feeling... out of control.
dialog: Like maybe Sam is right; you shouldn't
dialog: be around me.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Like you could get rid of me.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You've seen Emily.
text: That lands with her. She nods.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Sam lost it for a split second; Em was
text: standing too close -- he's still messed
dialog: up about it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't want to be that kind of
dialog: nightmare.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You're not like that. You save
dialog: people, right? You saved me from
dialog: Laurent.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Yeah, didn't mind taking him out. His
dialog: red-headed girlfriend will be fun,
dialog: too.
text: Bella stops, chilled to the bone.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Victoria. She's here?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: We chased her all the way to the
dialog: border the other night. But she won't
dialog: stay gone. Keeps coming back -- if we
dialog: knew what she was after...
dialog: (sees Bella's face)
dialog: ... What?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I know what she wants. Me.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST HIGHWAY - DAY
text: A MASERATI with Canadian plates blasts down the highway at a
dialog: blinding speed --
scene_heading: INT. MASERATI - SAME
text: CLOSE ON VICTORIA, easily controlling the steering wheel
text: with two fingers. She speaks to someone we don't see, her
text: words laced with longing and fury.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: James hated cars. He liked being
dialog: close to the ground. But I'd steal
dialog: one occasionally, to throw him off the
dialog: scent... See, we played hide and seek
dialog: sometimes. No one can hide like me --
dialog: (grins to her passenger)
dialog: -- but no one could seek like James.
text: INCLUDE her barely conscious passenger, DENISE, 30's, a
text: pretty bleach-blonde with expensive jewelry. She's just
text: coming to, a bump on her head where she was knocked out.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: What -- what are you -- ?
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Some games lasted months... but we
dialog: always got hungry for each other.
dialog: (sly, to Denise)
dialog: So I'd let him find me...
text: Denise now lucid, looks around to SEE --
text: IN THE BACK SEAT her husband, MICHAEL'S BODY, well-dressed
text: in a turtle neck, 40's, sits upright, his head tilted
text: forward as if he's resting. Denise reaches for him --
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Michael? Oh my God --
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: We never could get enough of each
dialog: other...
dialog: (seething)
dialog: We would have had forever to try.
text: Denise, scared, shakes Michael's arm --
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Michael?!
text: -- which causes Michael's head to roll to the side,
text: revealing his gouged, blood-soaked neck and his vacant, dead
text: eyes. Denise starts SCREAMING. Victoria grins.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: James always loved a screamer.
text: Victoria's hand jets out, grabbing a fistful of Denise's
text: hair. She yanks Denise over, exposing her neck just as we --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: EXT. EMILY'S BACKYARD - DAY
speaker_heading: ON JARED --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Excellent. If the redhead's after
dialog: Bella, we've got bait.
text: With stunning speed, Jacob grabs a four-pronged spading fork
text: from some garden tools, and FLINGS it toward Jared's head -
text: Jared easily, and amazingly, catches it.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: She is not bait.
text: INCLUDE - A picnic table in the middle of this small,
text: quaintly landscaped garden. Jacob, Bella, Embry, Paul, Sam,
text: Jared and Emily are in the midst of a huge breakfast.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I should leave town.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Victoria will follow you and make it
dialog: harder for us to catch her.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No one can catch her. She can escape
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ooh. She has special powers.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Some of them do.
text: They all look at her. She instantly regrets saying it.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Like... what? Bella?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: The mind reader you said you knew. He
dialog: was a suckhead? Can they all do that?
speaker_heading: EMBRY
dialog: That would blow.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No, I -- shouldn't have - no.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: She's still protecting them.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I don't know why. It's not like they
dialog: stuck around to protect you --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Guys, back off.
text: Jacob looks apologetically at Bella. She shrinks, stung.
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jacob walks her to the door.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Don't worry, we've got this place
dialog: covered. She won't get near you or
dialog: Charlie.
text: Bella nods. He sees she's blue.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Hey, we should do something fun.
dialog: Like... cliff diving, right?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I could use the rush.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Soon. After we catch her.
text: He offers a reassuring look before jogging into the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. CULLEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Bella tentatively approaches the large, modern glass home.
text: She climbs the porch steps, approaches the door...
scene_heading: INT. CULLEN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: Bella enters to find it perfectly intact, lived-in, warm,
text: candles glowing... and the Cullen family enjoying the
text: evening - Carlisle, Esme, Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper.
text: Bella is overwhelmed with joy at seeing them.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You're here.
text: But they ignore her. Won't even look at her. She starts
dialog: toward them but suddenly --
text: Edward appears and YANKS Bella away, pulling her to the door
text: and pushing her out, slamming it on her --
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: EXT. CULLEN HOUSE - (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: -- Bella runs to the window, peers in at the family who
text: continue to ignore her as they gather around Edward --
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S ROOM - MORNING
text: Bella awakens, tears on her face. She can't take it. Gets
text: the hell out of bed, anxious to leave the dream behind. But
dialog: it stays with her...
scene_heading: EXT. EMILY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Bella knocks on the door, rain falling around her, wind
text: blowing strong. Emily opens the door. Sees her.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Bella. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Yeah, I just... is Jacob here? He
dialog: wasn't at home...
text: Sam appears behind Emily.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: He's with Jared and Embry, keeping an
dialog: eye on things. I'm heading out soon.
dialog: Should I tell him something?
text: -- as Sam wraps an arm around Emily. Their deep love is
text: achingly obvious. Off Bella's face --
text: FLASHPOP to Bella and Edward at her birthday party, in a
dialog: similar embrace, as Alice SNAPS their picture --
text: BACK ON BELLA - pained.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: You want to come in?
text: -- But Bella's already hurrying to her truck, determination
dialog: on her face.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: CLOSE ON A RIFLE as it locks and loads. INCLUDE CHARLIE,
text: who checks it, then notes the position of the SIX MEN in his
text: hunting party, all wearing rain gear. He SEES Harry at the
text: end of the line, pausing, looking down.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You got something, Harry?
dialog: 78.
text: ON HARRY - he looks down at a large WOLF PAW PRINT.
speaker_heading: HARRY CLEARWATER
dialog: Nope, nothin'.
text: The hunting party moves forward. Harry lets them get ahead,
text: stomps out the paw print.
text: ON CHARLIE as he passes under a huge tree --
text: WHIP PAN UP THE TREE to find that HIGH ABOVE, crouching on a
text: limb, is VICTORIA. She watches Charlie with a vengeful glare.
text: She noiselessly SWINGS down to a lower branch, getting ready
dialog: to pounce on Charlie --
text: ON HARRY - his eye catches her movement; he looks up, SEES
text: the back of her red head -- his breath CATCHES --
text: She HEARS the sound, even through the rain and wind. Before
dialog: Harry can raise his shotgun --
text: Victoria's standing next to him, WHIPPING the gun out of his
text: hands with superhuman speed. He GASPS, breath stuck in his
text: chest. She grins, about to bite -- but suddenly --
text: THE RUSSET-BROWN JACOB-WOLF smashes into her, knocking her
text: away. She rights herself immediately and takes off --
text: THE THREE WOLVES give chase, disappearing. It all happened
text: soundlessly, in seconds, unbeknownst to the others...
text: STAY ON HARRY - he still can't catch his breath, IN SLOW
text: MOTION he clasps his left arm -- INTERCUT WITH --
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE WOODS - SAME
text: LIGHTNING FAST CUTS of THE CHASE - the wolves are right on
text: Victoria's tail, blasting through the forest --
scene_heading: BACK ON CHARLIE - SLOW MOTION - He turns to SEE Harry
text: clutching his chest. Charlie runs to Harry's side --
text: SMASH BACK TO VICTORIA escaping at breakneck speed she
dialog: bursts out of the trees to --
scene_heading: EXT. THE OCEAN (CONTINUOUS) - SAME
text: -- Victoria beelines for the choppy water, dives in -- when
text: she reappears, she's hundreds of yards offshore --
text: THE WOLVES prowl the beach in frustration as we go --
dialog: 79.
text: BACK ON HARRY - SLOW MOTION - he falls to his knees just as
text: Charlie reaches him. Off Charlie beginning CPR...
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LA PUSH - CLIFFS - DAY
text: Bella's truck comes to a stop; she climbs out. Ignoring the
text: wind and rain, she strides to the cliff's edge; looks down --
text: BELLA'S POV - THE WATER - steely gray. Rough whitecaps.
speaker_heading: EDWARD (O.S.)
dialog: Step back.
text: Bella smiles, tears of relief springing to her eyes. She
text: turns to find Edward's apparition at her side.
text: She steps back from the cliff's edge - which causes him to
dialog: disappear.
text: That's it. She starts pulling off her shoes and coat,
dialog: adrenaline pumping --
text: Edward's apparition reappears, but she keeps going --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Stop this now, Bella.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You won't stay with me any other way.
text: She takes a last look at him... then with a running leap --
dialog: FLINGS herself over the edge --
text: ON BELLA SCREAMING with exhilaration as she plummets down,
text: down... then SPLASHES into the water.
scene_heading: EXT. ON THE WATER'S SURFACE (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: No sign of Bella. A beat. Suddenly, she POPS back up.
dialog: Inhales deeply -- and laughs!
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Yes!
text: She enjoys a moment of elation and empowerment... then turns
text: to swim ashore... but her smile falters when she realizes
dialog: how strong the current is...
text: A WAVE crashes over her head. She gasps for breath. Then
text: ANOTHER WAVE hits her. Starts to pull her under...
dialog: 80.
dialog: UNDER THE WATER - Bella struggles --
text: ABOVE WATER - she pops up, looks around in a panic, SEES --
text: BELLA'S POV - IN THE DISTANCE - something orange-ish,
text: bobbing on the surface of the water --
text: Bella goes down - then comes up again - THE ORANGE-ISH thing
text: is suddenly thirty yards closer.
text: Bella struggles to stay afloat but the current SMASHES her
text: into a rock, the air goes out of her chest. She sinks.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE ORANGE-ISH THING -- IT'S VICTORIA, floating
text: effortlessly, hungry anticipation on her face. She dips
text: below the surface, vanishing...
text: UNDER THE WATER - BELLA SINKS, struggling at first... Edward
text: appears in front of her, his eyes full of longing and love.
text: He reaches to her, she to him, hands almost touching, things
text: going dark... suddenly A HAND GRABS HER COLLAR --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: CLOSE ON BELLA - barely conscious.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Breathe, Bella! C'mon!
text: Jacob hits her on the back. She spits up water, coming to.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Bella? Can you hear me?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: ... Jake?
text: She focuses, finally SEES Jacob hovering over her, relieved.
text: Behind him stands Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: She'll be alright.
text: Sam looks out at the water, scanning it. Sensing something.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: What the hell were you thinking?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I needed... to see... something.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: What? The pearly gates? If we hadn't
dialog: heard you scream --
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Get her home. I'm heading to the
dialog: hospital. I'll meet you there.
text: Jacob nods. Sam jogs off.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Why would you jump? Didn't you notice
dialog: it's like a hurricane out here?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I know. It was stupid --
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: -- Sam said hospital - someone's hurt?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Harry Clearwater had a heart attack.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Oh my God - does my Dad know?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: He and my dad are both over there.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Will Harry be okay?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I don't know. Come on. I'll find you
dialog: something dry and drive you home.
text: As Jacob helps Bella up, we RACK FOCUS out to --
text: ANGLE ON THE WATER - where Victoria bobs, watching Jacob
text: guide Bella away... then she disappears below the surface.
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S TRUCK - NIGHT
text: Jacob drives. Bella wears a fleece jacket but still
text: shivers. He pulls her close, wrapping an arm around her --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Hundred and eight degrees over here.
text: She tucks herself into him.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Must be nice, never getting cold.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It's a wolf thing.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It's a Jacob thing. You're just...
dialog: warm.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Like the sun.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (meaning it)
dialog: Like the sun.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Which always comes back. You can
dialog: count on me.
text: She nods. Awkward silence. He fills it.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: There are other cool things about all
dialog: this, like -- I heal fast. Wanna see
dialog: me stab my hand?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (no!)
dialog: Yeah, `cause that would be fun.
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE/INT. TRUCK (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: The truck pulls up to the curb. It's pitch black outside.
text: Jacob's still holding her close as he shuts the engine off.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: So... this wolf thing's not all bad?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It's better. Now that you know.
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: ... but...
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It just... comes so easily to me.
dialog: More than the other guys.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That's a good thing, isn't it?
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Maybe. Or maybe it makes me less...
dialog: human than the others.
dialog: (beat, quieter)
dialog: Sometimes I'm scared I might...
dialog: disappear, you know? Who I really am.
text: Bella faces him, looks directly in his eyes.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I won't let that happen.
text: Their faces are close... and stay close for an intimate
text: beat. They could kiss, their lips near... but Bella blinks
text: herself back to reality and pulls away.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Thanks for driving - for everything.
text: -- as she pushes open her door. WIND wafts in -- Jacob
text: reacts to a repugnant smell outside --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Holy crap -- !
text: He abruptly pulls Bella back into the truck, SLAMS her door
text: shut and starts the truck.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: There's a bloodsucker out there.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I can smell the stink. I'm getting
dialog: you out of here.
text: As Jacob whips the truck around, the HEADLIGHTS ILLUMINATE --
text: BELLA'S POV - THE DRIVEWAY -- a black Mercedes is parked in
text: front. Bella spins to the rear window as Jacob floors it --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Stop! It's not Victoria --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Forget it --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It's Carlisle's car! They're here.
dialog: Go back! --
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It's a trick --
text: He's still flooring it -- Bella cracks her door open while
text: they're moving - he SLAMS on the brakes. She jumps out --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Damn it, Bella --
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: Bella hurries up the road toward her house. Jacob's
text: suddenly standing in front of her, furious --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Stop. You gotta come with me.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It's okay. They're my friends --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Don't you get it? If a Cullen is back
dialog: here, this is their territory. The Treaty
dialog: says we can only defend our own lands.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: -- It's not a war --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It is. And you'll only be safe in La
dialog: Push. I can't protect you here anymore.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I don't need you to --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: -- You're about to cross a line --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Only if you draw one.
text: She starts to move past him, but he stops her --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I'm not letting you do this.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You don't have a choice. I don't
dialog: belong to you.
text: Her words are a knife to the heart. She sees that, but
text: can't take them back. He hands her the keys.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Bye, Bella, I hope you don't die.
text: She flinches at the stinging remark. He disappears into the
text: darkness, leaving her alone on the dark road.
text: She's closer to her house than her truck. She hurries
text: forward. The NIGHT SOUNDS start to encroach, branches
text: crackling, bushes rustling. She glances behind her...
text: nothing but darkness... she faces forward again ---
text: And runs directly into a VAMPIRE! Bella SCREAMS -- then
text: realizes IT'S ALICE. Bella is stunned. So is Alice.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Alice!
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You're... alive.
text: She's clearly confused, but Bella hugs her with tears of joy.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Oh my God, Alice. You're here.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I heard voices - I didn't think it was
dialog: you but - you're alive.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You keep saying that.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I saw you - a vision of you - you
dialog: jumped off a cliff. I knew I'd be too
dialog: late but --
dialog: (becoming angry)
dialog: Why the hell would you try to kill
dialog: yourself?!
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I didn't. I was cliff diving.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Why?!
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Um... fun?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: That was fun for you.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Until I hit the water.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I have never met anyone more prone to
dialog: life-threatening idiocy... and what is
dialog: that hideous wet dog smell?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Oh. Probably Jacob. He's kind of a
dialog: werewolf.
text: Off Alice's horrified expression.
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: As Bella makes herself hot chocolate, Alice paces.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Werewolves are not vicious.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Until they lose their tempers.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: They saved me from Laurent, they're
dialog: protecting me from Victoria --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Victoria? I didn't see her. I didn't
dialog: see you get pulled from the water
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It was Jacob who saved me. More than
dialog: once. I couldn't have made it without
dialog: him. You have no idea what it was
dialog: like.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Yes. I do. I knew leaving wouldn't
dialog: be good for you. I tried to tell
dialog: Edward, but he wouldn't listen.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: ... Does he know you're here?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: No. He's been... away...
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT APARTMENT - RIO DE JANEIRO - DAY
text: A dump, empty but for a table and chair. On the table lie
text: THE PHOTOS that once lined Bella's walls. Edward stands in
text: the center of the room, stock still, staring out at the
text: rising sun. His face is as empty and desolate as Bella's
dialog: was after he left.
text: A CELL PHONE on the table RINGS jarringly. He doesn't move.
text: It continues. Finally, he whips the receiver to his ear,
text: exasperated.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROSALIE (O.S.)
dialog: Wow, Edward finally answered the
dialog: phone. I feel so honored...
speaker_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. TANYA'S ALASKAN HOME - DAY
text: Rosalie, on the phone, stands at the picture window --
scene_heading: ROSALIE'S POV - EXT. ALASKAN HOUSE - Emmett, Jasper,
text: Carlisle and Esme walk away from the house, over the snow to
text: the treeline, on their way to hunt. None wear coats.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I'm hanging up now...
text: Rosalie turns away from the window.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: Wait!... You should come home.
dialog: (no response)
text: Esme's a wreck, Carlisle never smiles.
dialog: Even Emmett's depressed. You've
dialog: really done a number on them.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (pained)
dialog: I'm sorry. I am. But they wouldn't
dialog: be happier with me around. Trust me.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: I... I just miss... us. The family.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I know. But the further away I am,
dialog: the safer Bella will be. She deserves
dialog: a shot at a normal life --
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: But see, you don't have to worry about
dialog: that, not anymore --
text: She stops realizing she may be making a mistake. But Edward
text: caught it, sits up.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Why, Rose? Did something happen?
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: I - uh --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Tell me, Rosalie.
dialog: (rises, fierce)
dialog: Tell me! --
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: (blurts)
dialog: -- Alice had a vision. She saw Bella -
dialog: - throw herself off a cliff... She's
dialog: dead, Edward.
text: Edward reels, uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I... don't believe it.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: Alice is there now. Thought she could
dialog: help with the funeral or something.
dialog: STAY ON ROSALIE as --
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: Come home, Edward. It's time...
dialog: Edward...?
text: She's been disconnected. Off Rosalie, worried...
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Bella walks Charlie to his cruiser. He wears a dark, ill-
text: fitting funeral suit. At the car, Bella adjusts his tie --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thanks for understanding, Bells. They
dialog: wanted to keep the service small.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Don't worry about me. Are you gonna
dialog: be okay?
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah... but Sue, and those kids --
dialog: Leah's only a year older than you.
dialog: And Seth's, what, fourteen...
text: Emotion threatens. She hugs him. He holds on a little too
text: tightly for a beat. Then he bucks up, climbs into his car.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There'll be a reception after. I
dialog: might stay late, see if I can help.
text: Bella nods, then waves as he drives away. She turns to head
text: back inside but finds Alice suddenly at her side. She jumps.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You're not going?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'm not the most popular person on the
dialog: werewolf rez right now.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (saddened)
dialog: Because you're friends with me.
text: Bella shrugs. Alice hears something, then looks down the
text: road -- JACOB'S RABBIT appears in the distance....
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Huh. Didn't see them coming. Didn't
dialog: see him pull you out of the water -
dialog: maybe my visions are allergic to dogs.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: -- Alice.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (jogging off)
dialog: I'll go do some hunting.
text: ANGLE ON THE RABBIT -- as it pulls up. Jacob drives, Embry in
text: the passenger seat. Bella approaches, surprised to find QUIL
text: in the back; same short hair and hard look as the others.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Quil... you, too?
speaker_heading: QUIL
dialog: (aggressive)
dialog: Yeah. Me, too.
text: Jacob climbs out. Embry takes the driver's seat.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You alone?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Yes. Shouldn't you be at the funeral?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Had to talk to you first.
dialog: (to the guys)
dialog: I'll meet you there. Go on.
text: They're wary... but pull out. Jacob follows Bella into --
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Jacob enters behind Bella. She turns to him...
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Look, Jake, I'm sorry I --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: This place stinks to hell.
text: She sees he's shut down, cold. She shuts down, as well.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You're welcome to leave. In fact --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: -- How many Cullens are here and how
dialog: long are they staying?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (snapping back)
dialog: Just Alice. And she'll stay as long
dialog: as she wants.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Are the rest coming back?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Not that I'm aware of. Anything else?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Better go report to Sam.
text: Jacob turns, starts to leave. He looks back, sees her anger
text: turn to hurt. He stops. Beat.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: I've done it again. I keep breaking
dialog: my promise not to hurt you.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It doesn't have to be this way.
text: He moves back to her, looks into her eyes with sadness.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Yeah, it does.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Am I gonna lose you this time, Jacob?
text: He can't answer that, but he presses his hand to her cheek.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: It was easier when we were both human,
dialog: wasn't it?
text: They look at one another, Jacob's hand still on her face,
text: his eyes searching hers.
text: Slowly, he starts to bend toward her lips. She doesn't pull
dialog: away. She misses him too much, needs him too badly. This
dialog: time, she'll let it happen. A kiss is a centimeter away...
text: Suddenly, the shrill RING of the phone makes them both jump.
text: Jacob, the closest to it, doesn't move his face, just keeps
text: looking into her eyes as he reaches for the phone, answers --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Swan residence.
text: She smiles. But he instantly bristles, voice going cold.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: He's not here. He's at a funeral...
dialog: Then the phone goes dead --
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT APARTMENT - RIO DE JANEIRO - SAME
text: -- Edward stares at his phone crazed, enraged, grief-
text: stricken -- he HURLS it against the wall, shattering it.
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: -- Jacob hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Filthy bloodsucker.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Wait, who was it?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (spitting it out)
dialog: Dr. Carlisle Cullen.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You should have let me talk to him.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: He didn't ask for you --
text: Suddenly, Jacob's eyes go wild, his body stiffens, starts
text: trembling in the way that precedes a wolf-morph.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Step away from me, Bella.
text: Bella turns to see what he's reacting to - Alice. She
text: stands in doorway looking empty, despairing. Bella
text: immediately hurries to her side.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Alice, what's wrong?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: ... Edward.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What about him? What happened?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I just saw him in a vision. He...
dialog: thinks you're dead.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: That was him calling, not Carlisle.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Bella, he's going to Italy... to the
dialog: Volturi...
scene_heading: OFF BELLA'S FACE -- FLASHPOPS of the CIRCULAR HALL, the
dialog: THREE VOLTURI - the DISMEMBERING of the rogue vampire --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S ROOM - DAY
text: The door SLAMS open and Bella races in, shoving clothes into
text: a bag. Jacob dogs her, protesting.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Why do you have to go?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: He won't believe Alice. He has to see
dialog: that I'm alive.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (stops her)
dialog: He left you, Bella. He didn't want
dialog: you anymore, remember?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: But I still love him, and I'm not gonna
dialog: let him kill himself out of guilt.
text: This wounds him. But she can't stop to soothe him. She
text: pulls away and continues packing.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: What about your dad?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'm eighteen, legally free to go.
dialog: I'll leave a note.
text: Alice enters.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Got the airline tickets.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (squaring off with Alice)
dialog: You Cullens might hunt animals but
dialog: those monsters in Italy don't.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm well aware what the Volturi are.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Then why are you taking Bella to them
dialog: like a bottle of wine to a party?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Right, she's better off here with
dialog: Victoria stalking her. The one you
dialog: dogs can't seem to catch?
text: Jacob growls, a shudder ripping through him. Bella
text: intercedes, stopping him from morphing by grabbing Alice.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Let's go.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: EXT. BELLA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Alice flies to her car. But Jacob catches Bella's arm, not
text: hostile. Just pleading.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Please, Bella. Stay here. For
dialog: Charlie... for me.
text: Bella sees the love in his eyes; this could be last time she
text: ever sees him. She hugs him, then pulls away.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Bye, Jacob.
text: He watches, agonized as she races to the car, climbs in...
scene_heading: INT. THE MERCEDES (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: Bella tries to pull on her seat belt but Alice stops her --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Maybe Jacob's right.
dialog: (Bella tries to
dialog: interrupt)
dialog: No. You need to realize - the Volturi
dialog: could easily see me as Edward's
dialog: accomplice. And you're a human who
dialog: knows too much and tastes too good.
dialog: They could kill us all.
text: Bella's response is to yank her seat belt into its clip.
text: Alice sees she won't change her mind. She shifts into gear
text: and PEELS OUT. Bella looks out the window for Jacob; he's
dialog: not there... she turns toward the woods --
scene_heading: BELLA'S POV -- THE TREELINE -- SHREDDED CLOTHING FLIES in the
text: air as we SEE the HIND LEGS OF A WOLF disappear into the
text: forest. Off Bella, fighting tears but determined as hell...
scene_heading: INT. VOLTURI HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: ON EDWARD walking down a seemingly endless corridor.
text: Finally, he reaches a set of intricately carved double doors
text: which open for him. He enters --
scene_heading: INT. CIRCULAR WHITE MARBLE HALL (CONTINUOUS) - NIGHT
text: -- Edward finds himself facing three wooden thrones, on
dialog: which sit the ancient Volturi: Aro, Marcus, Caius.
text: Aro wears an expensive, contemporary, black Italian suit,
text: long black hair in a loose ponytail to his waist.
dialog: 95.
dialog: Marcus and Caius eschew modern clothing for rich silk robes,
text: their long hair loose around them. All three have
text: translucent, onion-like, white skin.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Have you decided?
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: It was an intriguing debate. We don't
dialog: get many suicidal vampires.
speaker_heading: CAIUS
dialog: Pathetic.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: I'm afraid your gifts are too valuable
dialog: to destroy. But if you're unhappy
dialog: with your lot, join us. We'd be
dialog: delighted to utilize your skills.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: So you won't end this.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Not without cause.
text: Edward registers this, his face setting. Clearly, he's
text: going to give them cause. He strides out. Off Aro...
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Such a waste.
scene_heading: EXT. FLORENCE AIRPORT, ITALY - MORNING
text: Bella waits impatiently at the curb as --
text: A YELLOW HARD-TOP PORSCHE with darkly tinted windows
text: SCREECHES to a halt in front of her. The passenger door
text: opens - Alice is behind the wheel, pulling off the chic,
text: white, hooded coat she used for protection against the sun.
text: As Bella climbs in, buckles up --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Where'd you get the car?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Hope you're not opposed to grand theft
dialog: auto.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Not today.
text: Alice FLOORS it and the Porsche PEELS OUT --
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: EXT. TUSCAN COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: AERIAL VIEW - THE YELLOW PORSCHE screams down a highway,
text: cutting lanes, weaving through Peugots and Fiats --
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - DAY
text: Bella grips the dashboard as Alice narrowly misses a car.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: How much time do we have.
speaker_heading: ALICE (O.S.)
text: He's waiting till noon, when the sun's
dialog: at its highest...
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VOLTERRA - PALAZZO DEI PRIORI - DAY (ALICE'S VISION)
text: It's jumpy, uneven -- EDWARD stands in shadow, his shirt
text: open, eyes shut. A clock GONGS as he steps into SUNLIGHT --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: ... He's going to make the Volturi
dialog: change their minds.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - SAME
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (checking her watch)
text: It's almost noon now.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: There's Volterra.
dialog: Alice punches it as Bella SEES --
text: BELLA'S POV - A MEDIEVAL FORTIFIED VILLAGE atop a distant
dialog: hill. Volterra.
scene_heading: EXT. VOLTERRA - DAY
text: The narrow, centuries-old streets are crowded with festival
text: revellers who all wear RED. They gaily head toward the town
text: square carrying red pendants, balloons, scarves. The
text: PORSCHE weaves through them, hurrying forward.
scene_heading: INTERCUT INSIDE THE PORSCHE --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Why are they all wearing red?
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: San Marcos Day festival. The perfect
text: setting. Large crowds. The Volturi
dialog: won't let him get far enough to reveal
dialog: himself - he's counting on that.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: We only have five minutes --
text: Alice screeches to a halt at a ROAD BLOCK. Italian POLICE
text: wave her back. Bella jumps out --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Where's the square?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Follow that lane --
dialog: -- Bella's already running --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: He'll be under the clock tower!
text: Alice watches her go... then senses something, looks up --
scene_heading: ALICE'S POV - ON THE ROOFTOPS - A FIGURE IN A BLACK HOODED
text: OVERCOAT leaps from building to building, tracking Bella.
text: As he disappears, off Alice --
scene_heading: EXT. VOLTERRA ALLEYS - SERIES OF FAST CUTS - DAY
text: Bella races down the cobble-stoned alleys, stumbling on the
text: uneven stones. Festival revellers head in the same
text: direction, she maneuvers around them.
text: ABOVE BELLA - SEE flashes of the FIGURE IN THE OVERCOAT --
text: As Bella nears the square, the alleys become more populated.
text: She pushes past people AD LIBBING "excuse me," "sorry."
text: Finally, she emerges into --
scene_heading: EXT. PALAZZO DEI PRIORI (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: BELLA'S POV - a sea of scarlet flags, dresses and jackets.
text: On the other side of the crowded square - THE CLOCK TOWER;
text: it reads one minute before noon.
text: Bella battles her way through the square; the crowd shoves
text: back, shouting at her in Italian --
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN
dialog: Fare attenzione!
dialog: 98.
text: Bella charges forward to find herself blocked by --
text: A FOUNTAIN - Suddenly, GONG! The clock tower bells chime.
dialog: It's noon!
text: Bella jumps into the fountain, wades through the shallow
text: water to the other side -- she jumps out and barrels through
dialog: the crowd. Finally, she SEES --
scene_heading: BELLA'S POV - BENEATH THE CLOCK TOWER
text: Edward, in the shadows, just inches from the sunlight.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Edward! --
text: -- GONG! Bella's cry is drowned out by the BOOMING CHIME.
text: She pushes toward him, fighting to reach him as --
text: CLOSE ON EDWARD (IN SLOW MOTION) - as he unbuttons his
text: shirt, exposing his bare chest --
text: ON BELLA (IN SLOW MOTION) - calling his name --
text: ON EDWARD'S FACE - he closes his eyes, welcoming death --
dialog: then slowly --
text: Edward takes a step into the sunlight, the rays hitting his
text: shoe, but before the sun touches his skin --
text: BELLA SLAMS into him - it's like running into a brick wall --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No, Edward! Don't!
text: Edward opens his eyes and looks at Bella as the clock booms
text: its final CHIME. He's amazed, already dead in his mind.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Carlisle was right... heaven...
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No, I'm here. I'm alive.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (confused)
dialog: You're... not real.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Look at me! Alice was wrong.
text: He begins to realize... she is real.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Bella?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Please, step back. I'm alive, I'm --
text: He suddenly kisses her, stepping back into the shade with
text: her. They soak each other in like starved people suddenly
text: nourished. He pulls away to look at her...
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You're here.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'm here.
text: They share a long look, he's about to kiss her again... when
text: suddenly, he stiffens -- and abruptly PUSHES Bella behind
text: him, taking a protective stance in front of her --
text: They face the DARK ALLEY that runs under the clock tower.
text: Out of the alley's shadows emerge --
text: TWO FIGURES IN HOODED OVERCOATS. Both stunningly handsome
text: males in their 20's: FELIX, huge, strong; and DEMETRI,
text: slender, elegant. Both have unsettling burgundy red EYES.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I won't be needing your services after
dialog: all, gentlemen.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Aro wants to speak with you again.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: No rules were broken.
text: Demetri's smile suggests he doesn't agree. He's the more
dialog: gracious of the two. But no less dangerous.
speaker_heading: DEMETRI
dialog: We should take this conversation to a
dialog: more appropriate venue.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Fine. Bella, why don't you stay and
dialog: enjoy the festival?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: The girl comes with us.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: That's not going to happen --
dialog: 100.
text: ALICE suddenly appears, lightly tripping through the alley
text: toward them, pulling back the hood of her white swing coat.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Come on, guys, it's a festival.
text: She reaches Edward and Bella, positioning herself in a
dialog: protective stance, as well.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: We wouldn't want to make a scene.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: There won't be any scene. And we'll
dialog: still win.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: But not easily --
speaker_heading: JANE (O.S.)
dialog: Enough.
text: A very tiny, young woman appears, JANE. She also wears a
text: dark overcoat, her Botticelli angel-like face peering out
text: from under the hood. SEE her CRIMSON IRISES.
text: Felix and Demetri are back off immediately. Edward and
text: Alice step back, as well. Bella can see they're afraid of
dialog: this small girl.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (nodding to her)
dialog: Jane.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (sotto to Alice)
dialog: Who is she?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (sotto to Bella)
dialog: Just do as she says.
text: Jane tosses Edward an overcoat. He dons it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Follow me.
text: Jane simply turns and heads up the alley, confident they'll
text: follow. Felix, smirking, gestures for them to go ahead of
text: him. Edward takes Bella's hand...
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. VOLTERRA STREETS - DAY
text: Jane leads Edward, Bella and Alice through several narrow,
text: dark alleys. Felix and Demetri bring up the rear. Edward
text: never loosens his grip on Bella's hand.
text: Their path dead ends at a WALL OF BRICK. Jane just strides
text: forward and, without breaking pace - drops down into an OPEN
text: HOLE in the street; it's a drain. Alice follows Jane.
text: Bella looks down, sees nothing but BLACKNESS.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: It's alright. Alice will catch you.
text: Edward takes her wrists, dangles her over the hole --
scene_heading: INT. SEWERS (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: -- ON BELLA as she drops through the darkness, to be caught
text: by Alice. Edward lands beside them, then Felix and Demetri.
text: Edward pulls Bella close as they follow Jane through the
text: sewer. He meets Bella's eyes, trying to look reassuring,
text: but he's tense as hell. Finally, they reach --
text: A FOLDING IRON ELEVATOR DOOR. Jane easily pulls it aside.
text: They all enter. As the door CLANGS shut on them --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
text: CLOSE ON MODERN ELEVATOR DOORS OPENING. They all exit into --
scene_heading: INT. VOLTURI HEADQUARTERS - LOBBY (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: An elegantly decorated space with old world charm. They're
text: greeted politely by GIANNA an attractive (human) receptionist.
speaker_heading: GIANNA
dialog: Buon pomeriggio.
text: They head through the lobby to --
text: THE LONG CORRIDOR that Edward traversed earlier. Finally,
text: they reach the carved double doors which open --
scene_heading: INT. CIRCULAR WHITE MARBLE HALL (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: Bella, Edward and Alice enter to face the three ancients:
dialog: Aro, Marcus, Caius.
text: Eight VOLTURI GUARDS (including Jane, Felix, Demetri) line the
text: walls in a variety of modern dark overcoats.
dialog: 102.
dialog: BELLA'S POV - THE FLOOR - there's a depression in the center
text: that leads to a drain. Bella shivers.
text: Aro rises, greets them like old friends, taking Edward's
dialog: hand and shaking it --
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: What a happy surprise! Bella is alive
dialog: after all. Isn't that wonderful?
text: Caius responds with a sour expression. Marcus could care
text: less. Aro doesn't release Edward's hand, looks at him as --
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Her blood appeals to you so much it
dialog: makes me thirsty. How can you stand
dialog: to be so close to her?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: It's not without effort.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I can see that.
dialog: Off Bella's look, Edward explains --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: One touch and Aro can see every
dialog: thought I've ever had in my life.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: You're quite the telepath yourself,
dialog: Edward. Though... you can't read
text: Bella's thoughts. Fascinating.
text: He releases Edward's hand and turns to Bella.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: I would love to see if you are an
dialog: exception to my gifts, as well.
text: He reaches for Bella's hand. She hesitates, does she have a
text: choice? Aro laughs at her reluctance, further extends his
text: hand. Bella finally takes it.
text: A beat as he holds her hand... confusion sweeping over him.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Interesting.
text: He releases her, moves back to his chair, deep in thought.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: I wonder if --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (reading Aro's thoughts)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Let's see if she's immune to all our
dialog: powers, shall we Jane?
text: Jane turns toward Bella but Edward springs in front of her --
text: Jane instead focuses her gaze on Edward which FLINGS him
text: across the room where he collapses, writhing in agony. Jane
text: concentrates on him with a small smile, enjoying his pain.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Stop!
text: Bella and Alice rush to his side. As soon as Jane looks
text: away, Edward's pain ceases.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Jane, dear. The girl?
text: Jane's gaze now turns toward Bella who cringes, awaiting the
text: pain... but nothing happens. Jane's grin is replaced by
text: anger. Aro laughs like a child with a new toy.
text: Jane, infuriated, moves toward Bella, but Aro stops her with
text: a tiny gesture.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Remarkable! She confounds us all. So
dialog: what do we do with you now?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (seemingly bored)
dialog: You already know what you'll do, Aro.
speaker_heading: CAIUS
dialog: She knows too much; she's a liability.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: That's true. Unless Edward intends to
dialog: give her immortality...
dialog: (looks at Edward)
dialog: But that's not your intention, is it.
dialog: Shame.
text: He nods to Felix who moves toward Bella, but he only takes a
text: step before Edward tackles him.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Edward, don't!
text: Alice leaps to help but several Volturi guard hold her back,
dialog: which is no easy job. As she struggles mightily --
dialog: Edward is David to Felix's Goliath. Edward will lose, but
dialog: he'll go down fighting.
text: -- Edward is fast, anticipating Felix's moves before he
dialog: makes them, but Felix is stronger --
text: -- Felix grabs Edward, throws him into the ceiling, SMASHING
text: against the marble; he drops like a stone. Is then
text: immediately KICKED across the room.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (to Aro)
dialog: Stop this! Please!
text: But Aro ignores her, leans forward to study Edward. Jane is
text: itching to step in. Aro gestures her back.
text: -- Felix takes some hits, but then lifts Edward overhead,
text: CRACKING him like a nut, then flinging him against a wall --
text: Bella runs toward Aro but a Volturi Guard flings her away;
text: she flies HARD against the wall.
text: The guard is then occupied by the thrashing Alice --
text: Bella, bruised, but not broken, makes another attempt to get
text: to Aro -- finally reaches him, kneels in front of him --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Do it! Kill me! Just leave them
dialog: alone!
text: -- as she yanks her collar back, exposing her neck to him.
text: Aro is surprised and intrigued. A beat.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Enough.
text: Felix immediately releases Edward who manages to look up.
text: He sees Bella kneeling in front of Aro.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Get away from her -- !
text: Edward moves toward Aro but is quickly immediately pinned by
text: Jane's invisible powers; he writhes in agony. Alice can no
dialog: longer bear Edward's suffering --
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Edward, stop. I've already seen it.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (through gritted teeth)
dialog: Alice, stay out of it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I know what to do.
text: Aro, intrigued, gestures for Jane to stop; Edward goes limp.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Ah yes, the clairvoyant. I saw your
dialog: gift in Edward's thoughts. What is it
dialog: you've seen?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: ... don't...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm the one who will change Bella.
text: Bella is taken aback by this. Aro is surprised, as well.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: (beat, then gestures)
dialog: Please. Be my guest.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Not here. Her father is in law
dialog: enforcement. If she goes missing,
dialog: there will be questions.
speaker_heading: CAIUS
dialog: He is easily dealt with.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: It will happen, Aro. See for
dialog: yourself.
text: She thrusts out her hand. Aro nods to the Guards who
text: release her. She gives him her hand. He closes his eyes --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY (ALICE'S VISION)
text: Edward hunts a deer. Matching his pace is another vampire -
text: Bella! She's pale and beautiful - she and Edward smile at
text: each other as they take a last grand leap for the kill --
speaker_heading: SMASH BACK TO:
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: INT. CIRCULAR WHITE MARBLE HALL - DAY
text: BACK ON ARO, utterly delighted. He releases Alice's hand.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Mesmerizing! To see the things you've
dialog: seen, that haven't happened yet!
text: Alice moves to Edward's side, helps him up.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: (to Bella)
dialog: Your gifts will make for an intriguing
dialog: immortal. Go make your preparations.
text: Bella hurries to Edward's side, too. Caius is put out.
speaker_heading: CAIUS
dialog: You're letting them leave?
speaker_heading: ARO
dialog: Dear Caius, the girl's disappearance
dialog: will be conspicuous at best. And
dialog: surely you see her potential.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (dispassionately)
dialog: Let us be done with this. Heidi will
dialog: arrive any moment.
text: Aro gestures - Demetri throws open the carved double doors.
text: Caius glares at them threateningly.
speaker_heading: CAIUS
dialog: We will make sure she follows through.
dialog: I would not delay. We do not offer
dialog: second chances.
text: Edward, recovered now, takes Bella by the arm and, with
text: Alice, they cautiously back toward the door --
scene_heading: INT. VOLTURI HEADQUARTERS - LONG CORRIDOR (CONTINUOUS) - DAY
text: -- Demetri leads Bella, Edward and Alice out of the hall.
text: As they make their way up the corridor, they see coming
dialog: toward them --
text: A GROUP OF TWO DOZEN TOURISTS, led by a beautiful vampire,
text: HEIDI. Edward, Alice and Bella stop to let them all pass.
text: As Heidi passes Demetri, he gives her a flirtatious smile --
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: DEMETRI
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Nice fishing, Heidi, save some for me.
text: Heidi smiles. She gives Bella a curious once-over, then
text: continues on.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: (to the group)
dialog: This way, please. Stay together...
text: A HUSBAND and WIFE, 60's, cameras around their necks, pass
text: Bella. The Husband winks at Bella --
speaker_heading: TOURIST HUSBAND
dialog: Unusual tour, isn't it?
speaker_heading: TOURIST WIFE
dialog: Bill, get a picture of that bust there.
text: As the Tourists file past, we HEAR a variety of languages,
dialog: German, Japanese, English.
text: The group is moved toward the carved double doors which
text: swing open for them. They file into the marble hall --
text: Edward pulls Bella forward, but she cranes her neck back as
text: the last of the tourists disappear inside.
text: As the large doors close... we begin to HEAR SCREAMING --
text: Edward and Alice rush Bella out - PUSH IN ON BELLA'S
text: TORMENTED FACE as the SCREAMING gets louder... and louder --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: INT. BELLA'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: ON BELLA'S SLEEPING FACE as the SCREAMING CRESCENDOS --
text: Bella sits bolt upright, yelling --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: -- Stop!
text: She catches her breath, disoriented, confused. Then she
text: turns to find Edward lying beside her, looking at her.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It... wasn't a dream.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Go back to sleep. You've been through
dialog: a lot.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No, you might --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I'll be here when you wake up.
text: Beat, she looks at him, wary.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Why? Out of guilt?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: You... think I asked the Volturi to
dialog: kill me because I felt guilty?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Didn't you?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I went to them because I thought I'd
dialog: lost you.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You didn't even want me.
text: Now Edward takes her by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Bella. The only reason I left was to
dialog: protect you. I wanted you to have a
dialog: chance at a normal, happy life.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: But it was so easy for you to leave.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I had to be convincing. But easy? In
dialog: my hundred years, I've never had a
dialog: harder time than what I just went
dialog: through.
text: She's beginning to believe him.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I kept seeing you. Visions of you.
dialog: Always protecting me. I thought I was
dialog: going crazy.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Your own instincts were speaking to
dialog: you. I wish it had been me. But
dialog: you're the heroic one. You saved me.
dialog: 109.
text: He moves to kiss her... but abruptly stops. Suddenly --
text: HER DOOR swings open - she spins toward it as the LIGHTS
text: flip on and Charlie enters. Edward is gone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You alright? Another nightmare?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I'm okay. You don't have to worry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Last time you said that, you
dialog: disappeared. You want to talk
dialog: nightmares?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: I'm really sorry, Dad.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Just... don't ever do that to me
dialog: again. Okay?
dialog: (off her nod)
dialog: And you're grounded for the rest of
dialog: your life.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Get some rest so I can keep lecturing
dialog: you in the morning.
text: He kisses her forehead. Exits. A beat... she turns to find
text: Edward sitting on the bed.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: He won't forgive me easily.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Will you? I don't deserve it but... I
dialog: hope you will. Because I honestly
dialog: have no idea how to live without you.
text: Bella melts in his eyes. He kisses her.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You won't be able to get rid of me
dialog: once Alice changes me.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: She won't have to. There are ways to
dialog: keep the Volturi in the dark.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (pulling away)
dialog: They'll come after your whole family.
dialog: You'd risk that just to keep me human?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Just? You really don't understand
dialog: what you'd be giving up.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I really do.
text: They look at each other; an impasse. She decides something,
text: grabs her jeans, pulls them on--
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You're not the only one with a say in it.
scene_heading: INT. CULLEN HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAWN
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON BELLA --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: You all know what Edward wants. And
dialog: you know what I want. But I won't
dialog: force myself on you...
text: INCLUDE THE ENTIRE CULLEN FAMILY who surround Bella. The
text: house has been restored to it's original warmth and beauty.
text: Edward sits off to the side as Bella addresses them.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I think the only fair way to handle
dialog: this is by vote --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You can't be serious --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: This is my meeting, Edward.
text: Edward, frustrated, sits back. She faces the family again.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: However this turns out, I'm not
dialog: letting the Volturi hurt you. I'll go
dialog: back to Italy alone --
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: The hell you will. I'm not missing
dialog: another fight.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That's not up for a vote, Emmett. I
dialog: don't want you involved.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: We've always been involved, honey, and
dialog: we're not going to stop --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: No, please -- I want you to seriously
dialog: think about this. If I join you,
dialog: you'll be stuck with me for a long
dialog: time - forever. It's a huge decision.
dialog: And I want - I need your honesty here.
dialog: They nod or otherwise communicate agreement.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Then let's take a vote... Alice?
text: Alice jumps up and hugs Bella.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Like you're not already my sister. Of
dialog: course, yes!
text: Bella smiles. Jasper rises, but keeps his distance.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I vote yes. It'll be a relief not to
dialog: want to kill you.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Um. Thanks? Okay, Rosalie?
text: Rosalie, torn, looks at Edward who's stony toward her.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: Edward, I'm sorry for what I did. I
dialog: really am. And I know you're not
dialog: ready to forgive me...
dialog: (to Bella)
dialog: But this isn't the life I'd have
dialog: chosen for myself. I wish there'd
dialog: been someone to vote no for me...
dialog: (she exchanges a glance
dialog: with Carlisle - then...)
dialog: So... no.
dialog: 112.
text: Bella takes it stoically. Emmett bounds over and lifts
text: Bella into a bear hug.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I vote hell yeah. We can pick a fight
dialog: with these Volturi some other way.
text: Esme approaches and embraces Bella warmly.
speaker_heading: ESME
dialog: I already think of you as part of the
dialog: family. Yes.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Thank you, Esme.
dialog: Carlisle moves, not to Bella, but to --
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: Edward --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You can't go along with this,
dialog: Carlisle, you know what it means.
speaker_heading: CARLISLE
dialog: You've chosen not to live without her,
dialog: which leaves me no choice. I won't
dialog: lose my son.
dialog: (turns to Bella)
dialog: But Alice has never turned anyone.
dialog: It'd be safer if I did it --
text: The front door suddenly SLAMS. Edward's gone. Bella
text: blanches but turns to the family.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Thank you. Thank you all.
scene_heading: EXT. CULLEN HOUSE - SAME
scene_heading: POV FROM AFAR ON A HILLTOP -- REVEAL IT'S VICTORIA watching
text: the house down below. Off her seething fury --
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: A FERRARI has pulled over to the side of the road. VICTORIA
text: PEERS IN THE WINDOW. The DRIVER, a middle-aged man smiles --
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Where you headed?
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Seattle.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: (a slow grin)
dialog: Sounds perfect.
text: As she climbs in...
scene_heading: INT. EDWARD'S CAR - MORNING
text: Edward drives Bella home. He is somber. She is resigned.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: After graduation.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Just two months.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: It'll be best for Dad that way. I can
text: pretend to be at college somewhere.
dialog: Carlisle suggested it. But...
dialog: (quiet, emotional)
dialog: I wish you'd be the one to change me.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Would you be willing to trade for that?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Name it.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Five more years as a human.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: The Volturi won't wait that long.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I'll settle for three.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (sadly, shakes her head)
dialog: I won't risk it. It'll have to be
dialog: Carlisle.
text: He takes her hand.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Why are you so willing to give up your
dialog: soul?
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Because I don't believe you've lost
dialog: yours. And I want to share mine with
dialog: you forever.
text: He looks to her, kisses her hand... then suddenly Edward
dialog: SLAMS on the brakes --
scene_heading: THEIR POV - THE ROAD
text: -- Someone stands in the road directly in front of them --
text: it's JACOB. He glares, then turns and walks into the woods.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What is he doing?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: He wants to talk to me.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Well, he can talk to me first.
text: She pushes out of the car --
scene_heading: INT. WOODS - MORNING
text: Edward and Bella tramp through the woods to FIND -- Jacob
text: leaning against a tree. His expression is hard.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You're still alive.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I've been calling you.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Couldn't drop by?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: He thinks I'm keeping you away.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (spinning on him)
dialog: Stay the hell out of my head!
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Dad grounded me, Jake. We're trying
text: to get back before he wakes up.
dialog: 115.
text: Jacob doesn't buy it. Bella is frustrated. But Edward
text: takes a step toward Jacob. Calm. Diplomatic.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Jacob, I know you have something to
dialog: say to me, but I'd like to say
dialog: something first. Alright?
text: Jacob leans back against the tree, arms folded, waiting.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: Thank you. For keeping Bella alive
dialog: when I... didn't.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: No, you didn't. And it wasn't for
dialog: your benefit, trust me.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I know. I'm still grateful.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But I'm back now. And I'm not leaving
dialog: Bella's side till she orders me away.
text: She looks at him. He returns the look. Jacob sees the
text: devotion between them. It wounds him. But he masks it.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: We'll see.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Either way, we'll handle Victoria from
dialog: here on out.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: She's been laying low. Ever since
dialog: your freaky sister showed up. Guess
dialog: she can't stand you Cullens either.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: She'll come back.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: She does, she's ours. She killed on
dialog: our turf.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: We'll see.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: My turn to talk. I'm here to remind
dialog: you about a key point in the Treaty.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (reads his thoughts, nods)
dialog: I haven't forgotten.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: What? What key point?
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: If any of them bites a human, the
dialog: truce is over. That's bite, not kill.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: But... if I choose it, it's none of
dialog: your business.
text: Jacob is horrified, starting to shake with rage.
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: If you... what!? No. No way. I
dialog: won't let you --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: -- Bella, step back --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You're not gonna be one of them.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: That's not your call --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: (even more intense)
dialog: You know what we'll do to you - I
dialog: won't have a choice --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: We're done here --
text: Edward takes Bella's arm, starts to pull her away. Jacob
text: lunges, trying to extract Bella from him --
speaker_heading: JACOB
dialog: You don't speak for her!
text: Edward PUSHES Jacob away; he flies back ten feet in the air,
text: but mid-air he PHASES INTO A WOLF!
dialog: 117.
text: -- The Jacob-wolf lands on all fours, spinning to face
text: Edward in an attack stance. Edward shifts stance, as well,
dialog: readying for a fight --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Stop!
text: Edward and Jacob circle one another, seconds from lunging --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (to Bella)
dialog: Get out of here. Now!
text: But Bella races between them, forceful, insistent.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (to both of them)
dialog: You do this, you'll be going through me.
text: A long tense beat, none of them backing down - it could go
dialog: either way --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: I swear to God, I'm not moving.
text: Both rivals see she's dead serious. Edward backs off, ever-
dialog: so-slightly... the Jacob-wolf does the same.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: (turning to Edward)
dialog: Give me a second. Please.
text: Edward shakes his head. Doesn't move an inch.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Read his thoughts. Is he going to
dialog: hurt me?
text: Edward does, and finally, reluctantly backs away. But his
text: eyes never leave the wolf's. They glare at one another.
text: Bella carefully approaches the Jacob-wolf, blocking his line
text: of sight. Her voice is kind, pleading.
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: Jacob, I love you. You're my best
dialog: friend. But... I can't change how I
dialog: feel. Please don't make me choose.
dialog: (quietly, emotionally)
dialog: Because it'll be him. It's always
dialog: been him.
dialog: 118.
text: Anguish sweeps through the wolf's fierce face. It's even
dialog: harder to take than when he's in human form --
speaker_heading: BELLA
dialog: But you know how important you are to --
text: Suddenly, the wolf BOLTS out of there...
text: ON BELLA - fighting tears as she watches him disappear...
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: There were problems ahead. Seemingly
dialog: insurmountable...
text: Edward's arms wrap around her from behind.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: ... If I didn't become a vampire, the
dialog: Volturi would kill me. If I did, my
dialog: best friend would do the job himself,
dialog: or get killed in the attempt.
text: She turns to face Edward, looking into his loving eyes...
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: Victoria was still on the loose,
dialog: putting everyone I loved in danger...
text: He kisses her tenderly, washing away her concerns.
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: But I'd already survived the worst --
dialog: losing Edward. So I knew I could
dialog: survive anything...
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I'm here. Always.
dialog: And she sees that's the truth, believes it. He takes her
text: hand and together they turn, heading out of the woods...
speaker_heading: BELLA (V.O.)
dialog: And soon, I'd be like him. We'd face
dialog: our fate together. Forever.
text: Off them, hand in hand, inseparable... as we begin to --
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
text: ... HEAR the agonized HOWL of a wolf in the far distance...
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: Twilight: New Moon
dialog: Writers : Melissa RosenbergStephenie Meyer
dialog: Genres : DramaFantasyHorrorRomanceThriller
speaker_heading: User Comments
speaker_heading: Back to IMSDb
dialog: Index
dialog: |
dialog: Submit
dialog: |
dialog: Links
dialog: |
dialog: Link to us
dialog: |
speaker_heading: RSS Feeds
dialog: |
dialog: Disclaimer
dialog: |
dialog: Privacy policy
dialog: 
