dialog: Stephen King’s
speaker_heading: E MIST
dialog: from the novella by
dialog: Stephen King
dialog: screenplay by
dialog: Frank Darabont
dialog: Revised Draft - August 5, 2005
dialog: “And what rough beast, its hour come round at last,
dialog: slouches towards Bethlehem to be born?”
dialog: —WBB. Yeats
dialog: “Get it off! Get it off! Christ, get this friggin’ thing off me!”
dialog: —Norm the bag boy
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: BLACKNESS. And silence. A title card comes up:
speaker_heading: THE STORM
text: A CRASH OF LIGHTNING rips from the sky, revealing:
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE - NIGHT
text: A METAL SIGN on a chainlink fence being whipped by a nasty
text: storm: "ARROWHEAD PROJECT -- MILITARY PERSONNEL ONLY." WE
text: CLOSE IN as LIGHTNING BOOMS AND CRASHES, moving past the sign
text: to reveal a low, nondescript building...
scene_heading: INT. ARROWHEAD PROJECT LAB -' NIGHT
text: .--in which high-tech EQUIPMENT encircles a huge, pressurized
text: CHAMBER. The chamber is low-tech -- massively thick glass
text: windows, ribbed-and-riveted steel, like an old-fashioned diving
text: helmet reinterpreted as a large room. It's dark inside,
text: fathomless. Lab-coated PERSONNEL are everywhere, seated at
text: work stations, computer screens streaming data.
text: A pair of tense scientists, MACHEN and NAYLOR, hover at the
text: shoulder of a seated tech named PHILLIPS.
speaker_heading: NAYLOR
dialog: We should pull the plug for tonight.
dialog: The storm...
speaker_heading: MACHEN
dialog: ++-S'got nothing to do with it. our
text: Power sources are shielded. Stable.
dialog: (off Naylor's look)
dialog: Relax.
text: Activity mounts. We hear a rising TURBINE WHINE. Banks of
text: VIDEO AND WAVE-SPECTRUM CAMERAS are trained at the darkness
text: within the chamber. Everybody's intensely focused, eyeing
text: their data streams, murmuring to one another, the whole vibe
text: very "Mission Control." Phillips glances up:
speaker_heading: PHILLIPS
dialog: Sir? Alignments are set.
speaker_heading: MACHEN
dialog: Engage.
text: Switches are thrown, commands keyed in. Scient
text: peer into the chamber, eyes straining into the
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CHAMBER
dialog: ists and soldiers
dialog: darkness, and:
text: A_FAINT PINPOINT OF LIGHT appears inside the chamber, blooming
text: nto existence from nothing, growing ever brighter like a
text: spotlight being shined through a keyhole...
speaker_heading: THE ROOM
text: A hush falls. Faces are slack, stunned. A UNIFORMED COLONEL
text: moves to Machen's side, gazing in wonder as:
text: Inside the chamber, the "keyhole" widens, irising open to
text: become a portal of dancing, swirling light. It shimmers,
text: growing larger and brighter, halating the glass...
text: People are struck with wonder, light rippling their faces,
text: reluctantly tearing their eyes away to check their boards as:
speaker_heading: MACHEN
dialog: Check your data streams. Give me
dialog: constant updates, flag any
dialog: anomalies...
dialog: Suddenly:
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE/LAB - NIGHT
text: LIGHTNING slams from the sky, blasting along the fence, the
text: power lines, anything metal or electrical. A SOLDIER is blown
text: out of the guard booth as the surge EXPLODES every circuit
text: and panel, sending up showers of sparks as it courses along...
text: ---and WE PAN the surge as it goes blazing into the TURBINES
text: powering the lab, sending them into smoking overdrive...
scene_heading: INT. ARROWHEAD LAB - NIGHT
dialog: +--and creating instant panic as:
speaker_heading: PHILLIPS
dialog: We got a hell of a surge! Needles
dialog: are way in the red!
speaker_heading: MACHEN
dialog: Disengage! Shut it down!
text: A mad flurry as they try to shut the system down -- but the
text: WHINE CONTINUES TO BUILD, the "portal of light" within the
text: chamber growing larger and brighter still...
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: C'mon, kill the goddamn power!
speaker_heading: PHILLIPS
dialog: I can't!
speaker_heading: MACHEN
dialog: What do you mean, you can't? Trip
dialog: the breakers!
text: Machen darts over, frantically punching buttons. Phillips’
text: screen is flashing data almost too fast to make sense of,
text: while the light inside the chamber swirls ever faster...
speaker_heading: NAYLOR
dialog: The system's overloading!
speaker_heading: PHILLIPS
dialog: Where's the power coming from?
speaker_heading: MACHEN
dialog: {gazes up, realizing)
dialog: The lightning. We're pulling it
text: right out of the sky. .
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY BASE/LAB - NIGHT
text: He's right -- overlapping BOLTS OF LIGHTNING are blazing down,
text: coursing through the array of power turbines...
scene_heading: INT. ARROWHEAD LAB - NIGHT
text: .-While the light within the chamber builds into a whirlwind
text: of unearthly power. People shield their eyes from the glare,
text: helpless to do anything but watch. A few techs break and run...
speaker_heading: MACHEN
dialog: Remain at your stations!
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: How thick is that goddamn glass?
speaker_heading: MACHEN
text: Thick enough. Pressurized to forty
dialog: atmospheres.
text: But even Machen sounds uncertain. The Colonel moves closer,
text: peering deeper into the light. It's blinding us, but:
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Am I...seeing something in there?
text: ANGLE SHIFTS TO VIDEO TECH #1, scared shitless, trying to
text: darken and adjust the image enough to see.
speaker_heading: VIDEO TECH #1
dialog: There's something...
speaker_heading: MACHEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VIDEO TECH #1
dialog: +--Something. ..moving.
text: We see it. Something in the light. Something...slithery. And
text: that's when the first CRACK appears in the glass. The SOUND
text: OF THE SNAP makes everybody freeze, staring in horror,
text: desperately hoping it holds, but:
dialog: 4.
text: CRACK, SNAP! Another crack. The glass begins to spiderweb.
text: People turn and run, but it's too late, because:
speaker_heading: MACHEN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Jesus.
text: WHAM -- the first window EXPLODES out, lacerating a tech with
text: flying glass, blowing him back in his seat as a HUGE ERUPTION
text: OF OTHERWORLDLY MIST blows through and engulfs him...
text: ---and the windows EXPLODE in sequence as the mist freight -
text: trains into the room, blowing techs back in their chairs,
text: engulfing people on the run, muffling their screams, wiping
dialog: everything completely and utterly into:
text: BLACKNESS. Silence.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
text: FLASHES OF SLO-MO LIGHTNING play ghostlike and surreal, rimming
text: the faces of a family breathlessly watching the storm approach.
text: DAVID DRAYTON, his wife STEFF, their 5 year-old son BILLY.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: They're silhouetted at a big picture window, storm roiling in
text: SLO-MO outside, clouds rippling, LIGHTNING arcing across the
text: sky. There's a huge old TREE out there, whipping in-the wind.
text: David turns, murmurs something to Steff -- we can’t hear the
text: words, just the HOWLING OF THE WIND.
speaker_heading: A MATCH
text: flares in the dark, touches a candle wick. The flame rises,
dialog: bringing light...
speaker_heading: BASEMENT STAIRS
text: ;-and they come down the steps, each carrying a candle, Billy
text: leading the way. The boy is especially careful carrying his
text: candle, back straight, being brave.
text: The candlelight weaves and dances, making the shadows move in
text: sinister ways. The family passes by us, gliding down the steps
text: and disappearing from view, the meager glow of their candles
text: diminishing to blackness again...
scene_heading: LIVING ROOM - ANGLE ON A PAINTING
text: +++as we SLOWLY PUSH IN on a finished PAINTING on an easel,
text: storm thundering outside the picture window b.g. The painting
text: is art for a movie poster, and exquisitely done.
text: WHAM! The painting gets smashed as a BLAST OF LIGHTNING AND
text: THUNDER sends that huge old tree CRASHING straight at us
dialog: >.
text: through the picture window where the family stood only moments
text: ago, freight-training into the room in a rain-driven explosion
dialog: of glass and smoking tree trunk, as we
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - WIDE ESTABLISHING - MORNING
text: It's gorgeous -- blue skies, high clouds, birds twittering.
text: The house is at the edge of a wide lake, mountains b.g. Billy
text: runs out of the house in his pajamas, pauses at the oak that
text: was split in half by lightning.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Wow!
text: He goes charging off. David exits the house with the damaged
text: painting in his hands, checking it in daylight. Debris is
text: everywhere -- branches, lawn furniture, other trees downed.
speaker_heading: DAVID,
text: stops before the charred tree trunk, scowling at the part
text: that went through the house. Steff exits onto the porch.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: Power's still out. Food's gonna go
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do a list. I'll head into town before
text: the store gets bought out.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: {re: the painting)
dialog: Can you save it?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: This? No way. I'll have to do it
dialog: again from scratch. I'll have to
dialog: call the studio, see if they'll
dialog: extend my deadline.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: What choice do they have?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You kidding? They can whip up some
text: bad Photoshop poster in an afternoon.
dialog: Two big heads. They do it all the-
dialog: time.
dialog: (gazes at the painting)
dialog: I should'a brought it downstairs
dialog: last night. Stupid.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: You couldn't know a tree was going
text: to come through the window.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (looks to the window)
dialog: I'll hit the hardware store too.
dialog: Get some plastic sheeting, duct
dialog: tape. I'll seal that up before dark,
dialog: order some new glass in.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: (beat, realizing)
dialog: That was your grandfather's tree.
dialog: The one he planted...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah. I used to play in it.
text: She comes down the steps, takes him in her arms.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Just stuff, hon. We're all right,
dialog: that's what counts. We were standing
dialog: at that window. If we hadn't gone
dialog: downstairs when we did...
text: The rest is left unsaid. She shudders. Suddenly, Billy comes
text: skidding around the corner of the house, amped up:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Mom! Dad! Ya gotta come see!
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: Billy, take it easy! Don't go
dialog: charging around!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: But ya gotta come lookit! The
dialog: boathouse is all bashed! There's a
dialog: dock on the rocks--and, and--there's
dialog: trees in the cove! Holy crap!
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: Billy!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Sorry, Ma--but you gotta--wow!
text: He's gone again, charging from view.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Having spoken, the doomsayer departs.
text: Steff can't help laughing in spite of everything.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: How come you two always manage to
dialog: make me laugh?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You have low standards?
dialog: (smiles, takes her hand)
dialog: Let's go see the damage.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: I can do that in my living room.”
text: They proceed around the corner of the house ---and pause.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: reveals their boathouse smashed flat by a huge pine from the
dialog: neighbor's property -- the wind snapped it off near the base
text: and over it went, bam. Steff looks pissed:
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: That's Norton's tree.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah. The dead one I've been asking
dialog: him to take down for three years
dialog: before it blew over. That tree.
text: They come down toward the water, where Billy's peering with
text: bright-eyed excitement at the boathouse:
speaker_heading: _ BILLY
dialog: Wow, it really got smooshed!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (mutters to Steff)
dialog: Nobody appreciates good destruction
text: like a five year-old.
text: Billy glances up, seeing something across the lake.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Wooaaah...
text: David and Steff look up, and now they see it too:
text: The far end of the lake is gone. In its place is a wall of
text: mist, unnaturally straight and creeping this way. It has a
text: deeply strange quality to it -- instead of refracting sunlight
text: as normal mist would, this glows dead-white.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What is it, Daddy?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Fog bank.
speaker_heading: STEFP
dialog: On the lake?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We've had fog on the lake before.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: Not like that.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Probably a leftover from the storm.
text: Two fronts meeting, something like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Honey, I'm not the weatherman.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: C'mon, Billy, inside. Daddy's heading
dialog: into town, if you wanna go.
dialog: (to David)
dialog: You coming?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm gonna go have a chat with our
dialog: neighbor about his tree.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Don't worry, I'm not gonna punch
dialog: bim in the nose or anything.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: David, what's the point? You know
dialog: what he's gonna say, don't you?
dialog: "Sue me." Maybe we should.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Honey, one property dispute with
dialog: this guy was enough to last me a
dialog: lifetime. I'm just gonna ask for
dialog: -his insurance info, that's all.
text: She heads for the house, taking Billy. CAMERA FOLLOWS David
text: as he makes his way to the edge of the yard, steps over a low
text: fence, and proceeds onto his neighbor's property.
text: He starts hearing a low sound ahead as he walks -- whut-whut-
text: whut! Somebody trying to start a chainsaw.
speaker_heading: NORTON (0.S.)
dialog: Shit.
text: David keeps moving toward the sound -- whut-whut-whut!
speaker_heading: NORTON (0.S.)
dialog: Motherfuck.
text: He proceeds up the slope of the yard -- whut-whut-whut!
speaker_heading: NORTON (0.S.)
dialog: Cocksucker.
text: And then we see him: BRENT NORTON, the neighbor, an overweight
text: New York City lawyer in his 50's. He's bent over a chainsaw,
text: face pinched with sheer frustration as he yanks the cord again
text: and again to no avail -- whut-whut-whut! Whut-whut-whut!
text: Norton suddenly realizes he's not alone -- he turns, seeing
text: David. A beat, both of them embarrassed, then:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Won't start?
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Goddamn thing cost two hundred
dialog: dollars, why should it start?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I guess you've seen the boathouse.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: (bristling)
dialog: Yeah? So?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Nothing. I just think we should
dialog: swap insurance info. That's all.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: (bitter laugh)
dialog: Oh, my agent's gonna love me...
text: David follows Norton's glance, sees it: a car can be glimpsed
text: under the branches of a tree that came down and crushed it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (slowly realizing)
dialog: Oh. Oh shit. That's not the Benz,
dialog: is it? The 1960?
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: I drove it up this trip. I was gonna
dialog: bring the station wagon, but...the
dialog: weather was so nice when I left New
dialog: York...you know, top down...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Oh, man, Brent, I'm sorry. Sincerely.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: That's nice of you to say.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, I mean it. That car was cherry.
dialog: I hate seeing it like that.
text: Norton absorbs this, nods.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: I'll find my insurance guy's number,
dialog: bring it by later. That okay?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No problem.
text: David walks away. Norton's watching him go. Norton hesitates,
dialog: hating to ask, but:
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: David?
dialog: (David turns back)
dialog: You're not heading into town today
dialog: by any chance, are you?
scene_heading: INT. DRAYTON KITCHEN - DAY
text: Steff£'s at the sink with the water running, separating broken
text: and unbroken dishes. She glances out the window, surprised to
text: see Norton trailing David into the yard.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Steff exits onto the porch.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: Brent.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Hi, Steff.
dialog: (awkward beat)
dialog: Some morning, huh?
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: You could say that.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Brent needs a new chainsaw. He's
dialog: gonna ride into town with us.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: Something wrong with your car?
speaker_heading: NORTON
text: A tree came down on it.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was sorry to hear about Carla,
dialog: Brent. We all were.
dialog: dle
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Thank you. It was...sudden. Two
dialog: months from when she was diagnosed.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: I'm sure that wasn't easy.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: No. It wasn't.
text: Billy comes charging out of the house in fresh jeans and
text: sneakers, past Steff, down the stairs:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Ready, Daddy!
speaker_heading: DAVID ;
dialog: Great, champ! Mr. Norton's coming
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (suddenly shy)
dialog: Hi, Mr. Norton.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Biya, Billy.
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: (coming down the steps)
dialog: Here's the grocery list...pick up
dialog: some ice, too, if they've got it,
dialog: so we can keep the milk cold...
speaker_heading: NORTON (0.S.)
dialog: That is the weirdest thing.
text: They turn. Norton's shading his eyes, gazing across the lake.
text: The mist has swallowed half of it, still coming this way.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: That mist. I saw it coming down the
dialog: mountain this morning, now it's
text: halfway across the lake. Some kind
dialog: of inversion layer, I guess.
text: David stares at it, getting a bad feeling. Something about
text: that mist spooks him, but he has no idea why.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hon? Why don’t you come with us?
speaker_heading: STEFF
dialog: i'm up to my ears in glass and mud,
dialog: that's why. It'll take me all day.
dialog: You guys go, I'll be fine.
dialog: 12.
text: She kisses him, heads back inside...
scene_heading: EXT, HOUSE - WIDE - DAY
text: David's 4WD Scout comes rumbling up to the top of the driveway,
text: the house b.g. David pauses, looks back. The mist is now
text: nearing this side of the lake.
text: Steff emerges from the house wearing a big floppy sun hat and
text: dragging a trash bag. She sees them, waves. David waves back,
text: puts his misgivings aside, drives out onto the rural road...
scene_heading: INT/EXT. SCOUT/RURAL ROAD - MOVING SHOT - DAY
text: ..-where a PAIR OF ORANGE CMP (municipal power) TRUCKS come
text: lumbering by us, going the other way. ANGLE TO David at the
text: wheel of the Scout, Norton in the passenger seat, Billy in
text: back. David glances in the rearview at the trucks.
speaker_heading: : DAVID
dialog: Well, CMP's out in force. Maybe
dialog: we'll get our power back.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: We can hope.
text: A stretch of awkward silence, both men feeling uncomfortable
text: riding together. Norton reaches for the radio.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: You mind?
text: David shrugs -- go ahead. Norton starts scanning for a station.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: That was some storm, huh?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: One for the books. For a moment
dialog: there last night, I thought we were
dialog: gonna take off and head for 02.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Like Dorothy!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yeah, champ, like Dorothy.
speaker_heading: NORTON
text: WOXO's off the air. Just static.
dialog: (keeps scanning)
dialog: Portland's still broadcasting. That
dialog: easy listening station...
dialog: 13s.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy, look! Army men!
text: David glances up as MILITARY TRUCKS AND VEHICLES race by in
text: the opposite direction, just like the CMP trucks did.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: It's those guys from the Arrowhead
dialog: Project.
dialog: (looks to David)
dialog: You're a local. Any idea what they
dialog: do up there?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm sure you've heard all the crazy
dialog: stories.
speaker_heading: NORTON
text: The gal at the dry cleaners swears
dialog: they've got a crashed flying saucer
text: up there. Frozen alien bodies.
speaker_heading: DAVID _
dialog: Edna, right. Miss Tabloid. "I Had
dialog: Bigfoot's Baby." "Satan's Face
dialog: Appears in Oilwell Fire.* All that
dialog: good hard news.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know Mrs. Carmody? Owns that
dialog: weird antique shop in town? .
speaker_heading: NORTON
text: The creepy place with all the dead
dialog: stuffed animals in the window?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's the one. Bumped into her at
dialog: the gas station one day and she
text: starts in on Arrowhead. She informs
dialog: us they're fooling around with
dialog: "atomic things." That's what she
dialog: said: "Those Army boys are shooting
dialog: atoms into the air, make no mistake."
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: What'd you say?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Not me, my son. My five year-old.
dialog: (in rearview mirror)
dialog: What'd you say, Billy?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I told her the air's full of atoms.
dialog: That's what our teacher says.
dialog: Everything's full of atoms.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: How'd that go over?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Mrs. Carmody looks at Billy and
dialog: says: "These are different atoms,
dialog: son. Secret atoms." Then she goes
dialog: on a rant about God's punishment
dialog: coming down on us. You don't mess
dialog: with God's atoms, apparently.
text: Suddenly, another stream of ARMY VEHICLES goes whizzing by.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They're in a big hurry.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Maybe their power's out too.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL FOODS MARKET/PARKING LOT - DAY
text: A supermarket from the '60s, modest by today's standards.
text: Also: a laundromat, ice cream shop, pharmacy. The parking
text: lot's jammed. David's Scout appears, turning in...
scene_heading: INT. SCOUT - DAY
text: -.-.and a BEARDED BIKER ON A HARLEY pops into frame and cuts
text: them off, startling everybody as David slams the brakes.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Jesus! Stupid shit...
text: The biker pulls ahead, rumbling toward the market. David
text: resumes cruising for a spot. Billy points:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy! Somebody's leaving!
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET/PARKING LOT - DAY
text: They pull in, a lucky spot close to the
dialog: to get a call through on his cell phone
text: the Scout, gives Norton a look.
dialog: market. David's trying
text: as they get out of
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: No signal?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Why don't you get started? I'11 use
text: the payphone, give Steff a call.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Can I go with Mr. Norton, Daddy?
dialog: 15.
text: Norton's a bit thrown by this. David hesitates, hands the
dialog: list to Billy.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Make sure you hold his hand when
dialog: you cross.
text: Billy takes Norton's hand and looks both ways, crossing the
text: traffic aisle to the market. Norton looks a bit flustered,
text: but goes with it. Billy turns, calls back to David:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Ask Mommy if she wants a Spiderman
dialog: comic book! I bet she does!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You think? -
text: Billy nods. David smiles, watches them enter the store.
text: He goes to the payphone in front of the pharmacy, lifts the
text: receiver...and gets a "circuit busy" signal: wah-wah-wah-wah.
text: He clicks the cradle a few times, puts the receiver back with
text: a sigh, heads toward:
speaker_heading: THE MARKET
text: He almost bumps face-first into the automatic door -- he draws
text: back, realizing the power's out. He pushes it open manually...
scene_heading: INT. MARKET - DAY
text: ..-and enters to find the store more crowded than he's ever
text: seen it -- people clogging the aisles, long lines snaking to
text: the checkout counters. The cashiers are harried, totaling
text: purchases by hand -- the registers are down.
text: BUD BROWN (store manager) and OLLIE WEEKS (assistant manager),
text: are clipping receipts to the customers’ checks or cash, tossing
text: them in a box. Both men are also bagging, helping out NORM
text: THE BAG BOY, a skinny 18 year-old with stringy blond hair.
text: SALLY, a pretty teenage cashier, glances up and sees David
text: entering.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Hey, Mr. Drayton...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Sally...you guys look jammed up.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Yeah. Half the staff didn't show,
dialog: plus the power's out.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thought you had a generator.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Only for emergency lights and to keep
dialog: the food cold. Everything else, welcome
dialog: to the Dark Ages. Bring your checkbook.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (smiles, moving on)
dialog: Hey, Steff and I want a date night
dialog: Thursday. You free to babysit Billy?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Heck yeah. I'm there.
text: David moves to Ollie (wearing a bow tie), who's happy to see
text: a friendly face.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Crappy day, huh?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Oh, man, everybody's pissed off
dialog: this morning.
dialog: (his gaze shifts)
dialog: Oh, great. And now it's complete.
text: David turns, sees MRS. CARMODY enter. She seems like a nice
dialog: (though eccentric) lady at first, but...well, we'll get to
text: know her soon enough. She's in a canary-yellow pantsuit,
text: annoyed to see such a long wait at the checkstands.
dialog: On she goes,
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: What do you wanna bet she finds
dialog: Satan lurking in the cantaloupes?
dialog: {as she draws near)
dialog: Good morning, Mrs. Carmody...
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: With these lines? I wouldn't say
dialog: there's much good about it, but I
dialog: guess we'll have to make do.
text: moving down the aisles.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Keep your head down, pal.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: You know it.
text: David moves on...
text: WE FADE TO BLACK and bring up a TITLE CARD:
text: THE COMING OF THE MIST
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. MARKET ~ DAY
text: David finds Norton and Billy in an aisle, items already in
text: the shopping cart, Norton puzzling over Steff's list.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Your wife should have been a doctor, :
dialog: David. She could make a fortune in
dialog: Manhattan with this handwriting. !
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I know, takes some getting used to.
dialog: (takes the list)
dialog: Why don't you get your stuff? We'll :
dialog: meet you at the checkout.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Done.
text: Norton grabs a hand-basket from the cart, starts away. He !
text: pauses, looks back. ;
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: David. Thanks for helping me today.
text: David nods. Norton turns the corner, gone.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Are you and Mr. Norton gonna be
dialog: friends now, Daddy?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I dunno, champ. "Friends" might be
dialog: stretching it. We'll see.
text: He grabs some items off the shelf, tosses them to Billy, who
text: relays them into the cart.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: But I guess you're not mad at each
dialog: other any more.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I guess not. That's a start.
text: They proceed down the aisle...
speaker_heading: PRODUCE SECTION
text: Mrs. Carmody is peering intensely (and suspiciously) at a
dialog: cantaloupe...
speaker_heading: VARIOUS ANGLES
text: of store activity -- people shopping, maneuvering in the
text: aisles, trying not to bump carts, cashiers working...
dialog: Oe
dialog: It's all very...normal. And yet its very normalcy should
text: unnerve us. (This is very much in the tone of how it's shot.)
speaker_heading: CHECKOUT STANDS
text: Long lines, uncomfortable people, sweaty faces, everybody
text: enduring the wait. A battery-operated RADIO on the manager's
text: podium is tuned to that Portland easy-listening station...
scene_heading: DAVID, BILLY, AND NORTON
text: are in line with their shopping cart.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy, look. More Army men.
text: David glances over, sees THREE ARMY PRIVATES entering the
text: store: PVTS. WAYNE JESSUP, JOHN BISBY, TIM DONALDSON. They're
text: in standard (not combat) uniform, bummed to see the long lines.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE ON SOLDIERS
text: Jessup is a local boy, 19 years-old. The other two are barely
text: out of their teens. We catch a bit of their conversation:
speaker_heading: BISBY
dialog: ..-bus leaves in forty minutes. . .
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: +--we'll make it, okay? You guys
dialog: get the goodies, I'll get in line...
text: Bisby and Donaldson move off. Jessup gets in line. Sally the
text: cashier makes eye contact with Jessup and smiles, a bit flirty.
text: He smiles back, waves. They obviously know each other.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S GROUP
text: IRENE REPPLER (in the next line) smiles at David and Billy.
text: She's a teacher at the local grammar school, 60-ish and wiry,
text: cat's-eye glasses hanging on a chain around her neck.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Reppler.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Hello yourself, Billy Drayton. How'd
dialog: you folks hold up in the storm?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Big insurance day. We had a tree
text: come through the picture window.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: And the boathouse got all smooshed!
dialog: Mr. Norton's tree fell on it!
dialog: 19.
text: David glances to Norton, sees his attention on the plate glass
text: windows at the front of the store. David follows his look...
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Sorry to hear that. We had damage
dialog: at the school, wouldn't you know...
speaker_heading: DAVID'S POV
text: An ARMY JEEP has pulled up outside. A PAIR OF M.P.s get out.
text: They split up, one of them heading toward the laundromat, the
text: other coming this way into the market.
speaker_heading: TRENE (0.S.)
dialog: ...that's what we get for not fixing
dialog: that roof when we should've, but
dialog: with funds being cut every year...
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: wonders what's going on, glances to Private Jessup in line.
text: Irene keeps nattering, fanning herself with a Magazine:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: ---you'd think educating children
dialog: would be more of a priority in this
dialog: country, but you'd be wrong...
text: David notices a beautiful young woman, AMANDA DUMFRIES, a few
text: lines over -~ she's been overhearing, smiles, glances away.
text: The bearded biker that cut David off in the parking lot is
text: standing in line behind her.
text: Beyond them is Mrs. Carmody, pissed at this long wait. Her
text: eyes meet David's. He smiles, nods, glances away.
speaker_heading: TRENE .
dialog: -+-government's got better things
dialog: to spend our money on, like corporate
text: handouts and building bombs...
text: Suddenly, a POLICE SIREN goes wailing by outside. People crane
text: to look, curious, not really see ng much.
text: ANOTHER SIREN swells on its heels. Another police car? A fire
text: truck? One or two people break out of line, drifting toward
text: the windows, but still don't see much.
text: Sally the cashier is craning to see. Bud Brown (the other
dialog: store manager) reprimands her:
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mind what you're doing, Sally.
text: She flushes, keeps working. David starts catching some tense
text: conversation between the M.P. and the three young soldiers:
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: DONALDSON
dialog: ---oh, c'mon, man...we got ten days’
dialog: leave, check our papers...
dialog: M.P.
dialog: --.look, I told you, all furloughs
dialog: are canceled, I don't know why.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: I gotta go check the pharmacy. You
dialog: three meet me at that jeep in five
dialog: minutes, that's an order...
text: As the M.-P. leaves, the TOWN SIREN STARTS WAILING, rising and
text: falling, one of those scary Cold War-era relics that some
dialog: small towns use nowadays for volunteer fire departments.
text: Conversation in the store dies away. Even Irene has fallen
text: silent and stopped fanning herself, the magazine hovering
text: near her face. (All we hear now is Johnny Mathis singing
text: "Misty" on the battery-operated radio.)
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I wonder if there's a fire...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Ayuh. Could be one. Saw some live
text: wires out on Kansas Road, storm
dialog: brung 'em down...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Kansas Road?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy, is there a fire? Is Mommy
dialog: all right?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm sure she is. Don't worry, okay?
text: Several more people have broken out of line, going to the
text: windows. A TEENAGER stops at the. glass:
speaker_heading: TEENAGER #1
dialog: Holy shit...
dialog: (turns to his friends)
dialog: --guys, you gotta see this...
text: TWO MORE TEENAGERS (a guy and a girl) break from their group,
text: coming to the glass.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER #2
dialog: Whooaaa...
speaker_heading: TEENAGER #1
text: It’s coming right up Kansas Road.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What is it? What's out there?
text: A MAN IN PAISLEY SUMMER HAT is outside the market, gazing
text: off. He quickly pops into the store.
speaker_heading: PAISLEY HAT
dialog: Hey, anybody got a camera?
text: A ripple goes through the crowd -- if it’s worth taking a
dialog: picture of, it must be worth seeing.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy, what's happening?
text: Paisley Hat grabs a disposable camera off a revolving rack
text: and hurries back out the door...
speaker_heading: PAISLEY HAT
dialog: Bud, I'11 pay ya later!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Fred, you can't just take th--
dialog: ...but the guy's gone.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER #1 .
dialog: Dude, we gotta check this out...
text: The kid dashes outside, followed by his friend.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: Guys, wait..-.hey!
text: She pauses at the door, uncertain, holding it open.
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER
dialog: Don't let the air conditioning out...
text: A few people laugh at the wisecrack, but most are concerned:
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What is it? Hey, what's out there?
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: Some kinda...mist.
text: And David experiences the first real stab of fear. He sees
text: commotion brewing in the parking lot...people coming out of
text: the laundromat...a few people running by in panic...
text: Inside the market the mood is changing, unraveling, curiosity
text: crystallizing toward concern...the checkout lines are
text: dissolving as people move toward the windows...
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hey, hey, ya ain't paid for those!
dialog: 22.
text: Saily suddenly finds herself without customers. She drifts to
text: the windows herself, peering out, and:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh my God...
text: People gasp. There's a MAN staggering across the parking lot
text: toward the store, blood splashing from his nose down his
text: shirt. People press toward the glass, watching In shock, as:
text: The man almost falls once or twice, bursts into the store:
speaker_heading: BLOODY NOSE
dialog: Something in the fog! Something in
dialog: the fog took John Lee! Something...
text: He staggers, woozy, as Ollie helps him sit heavily down on
text: the 50 pound bags of dog food lining the windows.
speaker_heading: BLOODY NOSE
dialog: +--something in the fog took John
dialog: Lee! And I heard him screaming!
text: Billy bursts into tears, clinging to David's neck...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy, what's that bloody man? Why
dialog: is that bloody man?
text: People are bewildered, confused. A few go outside. Suddenly,
text: a voice cries out, urgent with fear:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Don't go out there! It's death to
dialog: go out there!
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: (mutters to himself)
dialog: Aw, jeez...
text: A few people draw away from Mrs. Carmody, avoiding her. The
text: vibe is turning panicky, and she’s not helping things. Somebody
text: bumps into David, almost jolting him off his feet, more people
text: heading outside, as Norton whispers to David:
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: What the Christ is this?
text: Mrs. Carmody elbows her way toward the front, desperately
text: trying to warn people, pleading:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Don't go out there! It's death. I
dialog: feel that it's death out there...
text: Confusion mounts, people crowding to the glass, some heading
text: out the door. David moves to the windows, holding Billy...
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy, I'm scared. Can we go home
dialog: please?
text: The daylight outside starts to dim. Johnny Mathis is just
text: Singing the words "I get Missstyyy..." when the broadcast
text: suddenly dissolves into static. People are pressing to the
text: glass, faces stunned. And David gets close enough to see:
text: The Mist. It glides across the parking lot with lazy speed,
text: an expanding wall of white. A few people are running from it
text: as it blots out the blue sky, turning the sun into a faint
text: silver disc. Another person goes running out the door...
speaker_heading: BLOODY NOSE
dialog: Don't go out! There's something in
dialog: the fog! It took John Lee!
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: It's death. Death took your John
dialog: Lee. It's death out there.
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER
dialog: Shut up, you crazy old bag...
text: She whirls on him, her eyes blazing, actually making the big
text: guy shrink back.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: You'll be next, you don't mind your
dialog: Manners.
text: The people in the store watch spellbound as the cars disappear
text: row after row, half the lot now gone. David's Scout is parked
text: near, still visible...
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Let's. get out of here, David. What
dialog: do you say we--
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, no, wait. Let's just wait.
text: A GUY IN A COORS CAP nudges past the people at the door.
speaker_heading: " COORS CAP
dialog: Screw that, I'm getting to my car.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: No, no, don't, it’s...
text: But he shoulders the door open and runs. It starts a stampede;
text: others start pushing their way outside, following.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: ---wait, you don't understand!
dialog: 
dialog: 24.
text: We see Coors Cap get to his El Camino, fumble his keys, trying
text: to get the door open...as the Mist swallows him.
dialog: Beat.
text: His SCREAMS begin, piercing shrieks that go on and on,
text: competing with the now-echoey wail of the town siren.
speaker_heading: TRENE
dialog: Oh my dear Lord...
text: The people who followed Coors Cap out. suddenly rush to get
text: back in, the flow reversing at the door, people pushing and
text: shoving their way back inside. They get the door closed, as:
text: The screaming stops. In the stunned silence that follows:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: It's death.
text: David sees the Mist swallow his Scout, glide across the traffic
text: aisle, and press up against the glass...
text: The market is swallowed. We see only vague shapes out there
text: now, a few trash cans. The parking lot lamps come on
text: automatically, adding dim orange halos of light to the murk.
text: Another scream is heard somewhere, distant as a dream. .
speaker_heading: OLLIB
dialog: What's going on? What is this?
text: David tries to speak, but can't even venture a guess. Billy's
text: clinging tightly to his neck, whimpering:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Mommy...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: She's okay...
text: An OLD MAN is backing away from the windows.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: It's a pollution cloud. The mills
dialog: at Rumsford. Some kinda chemical
dialog: explosion, has to be...
text: And THUD! People SCREAM as the earth shifts under the store
text: on one side and drops a few feet, a massive crack running
text: along the floor up an aisle...then boom, the other side of
text: the store drops along with it and a matching crack explodes
text: along the ceiling like it might give way above their heads.
text: Now the front of the store drops on its foundation
text: glass panels twanging terrifyingly in their fr:
text: to-ceiling cracks appear, but the glass holds.
dialog: . huge plate
dialog: ames. Some floor-
dialog: 25.
text: The aisle shelves are teetering, almost going over, spilling
text: contents...we hear bottles breaking all over the store...a
text: hanging fluorescent ceiling fixture breaks loose on one end,
text: doing a Tarzan-swing and smashing against the shelves...
text: Then it's done. People are petrified, breathless, waiting to
text: see if anything else happens. Off in the distance, the town
text: siren stops, the wail dying off eerily to nothing. It's like
dialog: the outside world just went away. .
text: A MAN IN SPECTACLES is the first to speak, breathless:
speaker_heading: SPECTACLES
dialog: Was that an earthquake?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I tell ya, those goddamn mills blew
dialog: up...
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Is everybody okay? Is anybody hurt?
text: Everybody starts breathing again, some sobbing in fear. Billy
text: starts crying hysterically. David sets him down, trying to
text: quiet him, as tension spills out all over the store:
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Everybody just stay put, okay? Just
dialog: stay inside the store! .
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: I can't stay here. I can't. I gotta
dialog: get home to my kids.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: It’s death to go out there!
text: The teenage girl spins, terrified, yelling:
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: Stop saying that! Stop that crazy
dialog: bullshit!
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Please, everybody! Everybody just
dialog: relax, okay?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: He's right! Let's keep cool! Let's
dialog: try and figure out what just
dialog: happened...
speaker_heading: SPECTACLES
dialog: I think that was an earthquake. I
dialog: really do...
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: I'm sorry. I can’t just stay here.
dialog: I gotta get home to my kids.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Could be a poison gas cloud out
dialog: there. Those mills...you heard that
dialog: man screaming...
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Ma'am, no, you can't go out there.
dialog: Not until we catch our breath and
dialog: figure things out--
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: You're not listening! I can't stay
dialog: here. Wanda's looking after little
dialog: Victor...Wanda's only eight...she
dialog: sometimes forgets she's supposed to
dialog: be watching him, you know? I told
dialog: them I'd only be gone for a ‘few
dialog: minutes...she's only eight...
text: She falls silent, desperate and brittle, staring around at
text: all the faces watching her.
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: Well? Isn't anyone gonna help me?!
dialog: Won't somebody. ..won't somebody
dialog: here see a lady home?
text: Nobody speaks. People shuffle their feet, try not to meet her
text: gaze. A FAT LOCAL MAN takes half a step forward, but his WIFE
text: gets his arm in a death grip and holds him back.
text: The blonde woman is looking around, her gaze going from face
text: to face, near tears.
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: (to Ollie)
dialog: You?
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: You?
dialog: (to Norton)
dialog: You?
text: Norton opens his mouth as if to speak...but hesitates. She
text: dismisses him with disgust, looks to David.
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: You?
text: David picks up Billy, pinned in her gaze.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Ma'am...I got my own boy to worry
dialog: about.
dialog: 27.
text: The blonde woman just stares at them all, then:
speaker_heading: BLONDE WOMAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I hope you all rot in hell.
text: And with that, she turns to exit the store. Sally makes a
text: half-hearted grab for her...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Aw, lady, wait...
text: -.-but the blonde woman shrugs her off, pushes the door open,
text: steps out. People go to the glass, watching.
text: The blonde woman takes a deep breath. Then another. The air
text: does not seem poisoned. She moves slowly off through the Mist,
text: growing ever more indistinct until...
text: +++8he's gone. People stand at the glass, staring, too stunned
text: or ashamed to speak. They start moving away from the windows.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: carries Billy down an aisle, away from the others, trying to
text: calm him. The boy is clutching him, sobbing against his neck.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's okay...it's okay now...hey
dialog: champ, easy...just breathe...
text: The boy's sobbing so hard he's having trouble catching his
text: breath. David paces, rocking him, his heart breaking:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: -+-¢'mon, Big Bill...you can't keep
dialog: crying like this, you're gonna hurt
dialog: yourself...just try and breathe...
text: Billy's sobs start to taper, hitching as he tries to calm
text: down. Irene and Sally come by, trailed by Amanda Dumfries.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Is there anything I can do?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, it's okay, he's gonna be
dialog: fine...aren't you, Billy?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Hey, Billy, it's gonna be fine.
dialog: Okay? Want some juice or something,
dialog: big guy?
text: Billy buries his face miserably into David's neck, his voice
text: still hitching with sobs, small and mffled:
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I...1I...w-want m-my m-mommy...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I know you do, champ. C'mon now,
dialog: try to breathe...
text: WE FADE TO BLACK AND BRING UP A TITLE CARD:
text: WHAT HAPPENED TO THE BAG BOY
scene_heading: INT. MARKET (BACK OF THE STORE) - DAY
text: David's on the floor with Billy's head in his lap. The boy's
text: sucking his thumb, eyes glazed with exhaustion and shock,
text: half dozing. David's sick with concern, stroking the boy's
text: hair. Across from them sit Irene, Sally the cashier, Amanda
text: Dumfries, and HATTIE TURMAN, an elegantly dressed woman.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I haven't seen him suck his thumb
dialog: since he was two years old.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: He's in shock. I think we all are.
speaker_heading: IRENE .
dialog: You haven't met. Amanda Dumfries.
dialog: Amanda's new in town...she teaches
dialog: third grade, and damn well, I might
dialog: add...all the kids love her...
text: David gives Amanda a nod, as:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: David's an artist. He does movie
dialog: posters and such. Hattie Turman,
dialog: she’s in real estate. And
dialog: Sally...you're a senior now, aren't
dialog: you, dear...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Yes ma'am.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: --.and me, good Lord, I'm babbling
text: like some old biddy at a tea party.
dialog: My nerves are all jangled, I guess.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sorry we couldn't meet under better
dialog: circumstances.
text: Ollie comes by, crouches.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Boy settled down? How is he?
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: He feels hot.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: I'll go fetch some aspirin, huh?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thanks. I'11 get something to cover
dialog: him up. Got any blankets?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Got some furniture pads out in the
text: loading dock.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Sally, you mind taking him?
text: Sally reaches over, takes Billy onto her lap. The thumb comes
text: out of the boy's mouth, his voice faint:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy, don't go...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'll be gone two seconds, Big Bill,
dialog: get you a blanket. Sally's here.
dialog: So's Mrs. Reppler and Mrs. Turman.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: We got your back, buckaroo... ‘kay?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: ‘Kay.
text: - Back goes the thumb. David rises. WE TRACK HIM along the back
text: of the store, passing aisle after aisle, catching glimpses of
text: the people clustered at the checkout stands b.g.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: +-no, no, the first thing to do is
dialog: keep our wits about us and figure
dialog: out what's happened...
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER
dialog: How you propose we do that, my man?
dialog: Got no phone signals, got no radio. . -
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: I'm sure that's just temporary.
dialog: We're obviously dealing with some
dialog: kind of natural disaster here...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Ain't nothin' obvious about this
dialog: sumbitch from where I sit...
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER MAN
dialog: ++-nothin' natural about it either...
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: It's God's judgment come down at
dialog: last. Nothin' more obvious or natural
dialog: than that.
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER
dialog: Oh, fuck me...
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Oh, I won't have to, Sonny Jim. You
dialog: already did that to yourself with a
dialog: life of sin and dissolution...
text: David goes through a pair of swinging rubberized doors into:
scene_heading: THE LOADING DOCK
text: Dim in here, lit by a few emergency lights. David takes a few
text: steps in and recoils -- the room is filling with thick white
text: smoke, the generator belching exhaust fumes into the air.
text: Coughing, David grabs a towel, covers his face, moves through
text: the loading dock filled with shadows and pallets of goods.
text: David finds the generator in a back corner, occupying its own
text: steel mesh cage. He ducks in, finds the smoke backing up from
text: the exhaust vent. He locates the on-off switch, flicks it.
text: The genny sputters and quits, killing the noise -- and the
text: lights. David finds himself in total darkness.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: He turns to exit the cage, whacks his head painfully on the
text: door frame as he does.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Shit!
text: He eases through, trying to find his way in the dark. He trips
text: over a pallet, gets to his feet, fighting panic now.
text: He pauses to get his bearings and let his eyes adjust, knowing
text: he's being irrational, towel still over his mouth.
text: He sees a source of faint light: lines running along the edges
text: and bottom of the huge corrugated-steel loading door, the
text: kind that rolls up on its track when you press the button.
text: Opposite that, more light spills ve:
text: swinging doors from the market. He
dialog: toward those, trying not to trip...
dialog: ry faintly through the
text: edges slowly and carefully
dialog: SL.
text: A_sly, slithery sound makes him stop dead in tracks.
text: He stands frozen, eyes wide, listening. Only silence now.
text: Did he imagine it? He decides his ears were playing tricks on
text: him, cautiously takes another step...
text: There's the sound again: something sliiiding veerrrryy
text: slooowwly in the darkness behind him. Then silence.
text: David turns, heart hammering in his chest, gaze sweeping the
text: darkness toward the huge roll-up door. The sound comes again,
text: louder now, from the other sid
text: And the corrugated steel of the loading door presses inward,
text: metal groaning as if some enormous weight were being applied
text: from outside by some huge moving object.
text: David backs away, breaks and runs, fleeing through the dark
text: and hurtling headlong through the swinging doors into --
speaker_heading: THE MARKET
text: -- where he damn near plows right into Ollie Weeks, who was
text: just about to enter the loading dock with two other men, JIM
text: GRONDIN and MYRON LAFLEUR. They jump back, startled.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: David! Jesus!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Did you hear it? Any of you?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: What, the generator? We were just
dialog: coming to check it out...
text: Norm the bag boy appears with flashlights, ready to hand them
text: out. David's freaked, trying to calm down:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, I turned the generator off. The
dialog: exhaust was backing up. . nobody
dialog: else heard that sound?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What sound?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don't know...a big slithery
dialog: noise...back there in the dark.. eat
dialog: the loading door...
text: The men are trading looks, Jim and Myron especially. They're
text: a pair of blue-collar guys who work in a garage, and have the
text: air of veteran know-it-all townies.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You hear it before the lights went
dialog: out...or after?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, only after, but...look, I heard
dialog: it, okay?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Nobody's calling you a liar.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's what it sounds like.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Now don't be thataway, Mr. Drayton.
dialog: You had a scare, no doubt. Why not
dialog: let’s all go check it out?
text: IN THE LOADING DOCK
text: The doors swing open. The group enters, flashlights sweeping
text: the smoky air. Ollie wheezes, covers his nose and mouth.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Pretty rank in here. Guess you were
dialog: right to shut her down.
text: The flashlight beams play across the corrugated loading door.
text: Looks fine. Jim glances to Myron, and it's obvious what they're
dialog: thinking: that David's one'a them high-strung, nervous nelly
text: types. Only Ollie seems to giving any benefit of doubt.
text: They move toward the generator, flashlights bobbing across
text: cartons of canned goods, pallets of dry dog food.
text: Jim and Myron enter the cage, Ollie hovering at their
text: shoulders. The generator ROARS to life, spewing smoke.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Whoa, whoa, shut her down! Holy
dialog: crow, don't that stink!
text: The generator dies again. Jim and Myron exit the cage.
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: Something's got that exhaust vent
text: plugged up from the outside.
speaker_heading: : NORM
dialog: Get it running long enough to raise
dialog: that door a little. I'1l go out and
text: clear whatever's blocking it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, you can't do that...
dialog: 
dialog: Jim's pissed
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Why not?
dialog: (to Ollie)
dialog: 'Lectric door, right?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Well, yeah, but I don't think it's
dialog: very wise to send him out there.
speaker_heading: MYRON :
dialog: (tips his cap back) :
dialog: Well, okay. I'll do it. i
dialog: i
speaker_heading: OLLIE i
dialog: No, you don't understand, I really
dialog: don't think anyone sh--
speaker_heading: MYRON |
dialog: Don't worry, I'll get her done. :
dialog: What, don't think I can? i
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: Hey, I wanna go, it was my idea...
speaker_heading: j DAVID |
dialog: Whoa, wait, just stop!
dialog: (they stare at him)
dialog: Jim, right? And Myron? You don't
dialog: seem to understand, or you're trying
dialog: as hard as you can not to. This is
dialog: no ordinary fog, okay? And there
dialog: are a lot of people in this market.
dialog: I£ you open that loading door and
dialog: something comes in...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: 
dialog: Like whatever made that noise I heard.
dialog: Are you guys being willfully dense?
text: now, gives David a half bitter/half amused grin.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Mr. Drayton, pardon me, but I'm not
dialog: convinced you heard anything. We're
dialog: not hearing anything how. Anybody?
dialog: (a quick glance around)
dialog: I know you're a bigshot artist with
dialog: connections in New York and Hollywood
dialog: and all, but that don't make you
dialog: better than anyone else, in my
dialog: book...
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I didn't say that...
speaker_heading: JIM.
dialog: ---nor do I like being talked down
dialog: to and called stupid just ‘cause
dialog: some guy with a college degree has
dialog: got the jitters. way I figure, you
dialog: got lost in here in the dark, got a
text: little confused and a little scared.
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: It happens.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Fellas, the generator isn't even
dialog: that important, the food'll keep
dialog: for days without--
text: Jim cuts him off brusquely, points to Norm:
speaker_heading: . JIM
dialog: Okay, kid, you're it. I'11 start
dialog: the motor, you raise the door. Give
dialog: us a yell when you got enough room.
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: Yeah, okay, good.
text: Norm goes to the loading door. David's just staring at them,
dialog: _—== unable to believe he can't talk them out of this.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Wait, this is crazy! You're gonna
dialog: jet this kid risk his life over a
dialog: generator that doesn't even Matter?
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: Why don't you just shut the fuck up
dialog: already! Jeezus!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Listen...Mr. Drayton...tel1 you
dialog: what. You got anything else to say,
dialog: I think you better count your teeth
dialog: first, ‘cause I'm tired of listening
dialog: to your bullshit.
dialog: (glances over)
dialog: C'mon, Myron.
text: They head for the genny. Norm goes to the loading door. David
text: stunned, tries to go after them -- but Ollie restrains him.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Leave tem be.
dialog: ,
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (quiet, tense)
dialog: This is crazy, these assholes think
dialog: I'm impugning their manhood? what
dialog: the fuck is going on here?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: They've lost their sense of
dialog: proportion. Out there in the market
dialog: they were scared and confused...in
dialog: here's a problem they can solve, so
dialog: goddamn it, they're gonna solve it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Ready, kid?
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: Yeah, let's rock!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Norm, don't. It's a mistake.
text: Norm turns, eyes shining with excitement and...yes, fear. He
text: looks like he might actually be having second thoughts, but
text: then the generator ROARS to life and the decision is made. He
text: tosses David a look of utter macho 18 year-old contempt.
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: Pussy.
text: Norm stabs the loading door button with his finger,
text: back to wait. The door starts to rise,
text: its tracks. Light comes £looding in,
dialog: steps
text: rolling slowly up in
text: pushing back the shadows.
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: Hold. up!
text: The generator goes off. The door stops about three feet off
text: the ground. Norm moves forward. Outside, the concrete loading
text: Platform stretches off into a dull milky haze. Tendrils of
text: mist come eddying in across the floor, creating an otherworldly
dialog: effect. It might as well be a different planet out there.
text: Jim and Myron exit the generator cage. Norm gets to the door,
text: ducks down and beers out to make sure the coast is clear.
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: So? Any boogeymen?
speaker_heading: NORM
text: (snorts, glances back)
dialog: Yeah, right...
text: And that's when it ha ens: a long, pale, fleshy pink thing
text: that looks like a huge obscene worm comes slither:
dialog: ing up over
text: the lip of the loading platform, probing the air.
dialog: 36.
text: All the men inside see it. Ollie makes a sound in his throat.
text: Norm turns, looks down, goggle-eyed, starts backpedaling...
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: What the fu--
text: -+-and THWACK! The membrane lashes forward and wraps around
text: his ankie -- it's a tentacle! The tip has a flat pad like a
text: giant squid's, only this pad has a mouth in it bristling with.
text: tiny black barbed teeth that cut through jeans and flesh.
text: Norm lets out an inarticulate SCREAM of sheer horror as he
text: dances hysterically back into the loading dock with the thing
text: clinging to his ankle, trying to shake it off:
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: GET IT OFF! GET IT OFF! CHRIST, GET
text: THIS FRIGGIN' THING OFF ME!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (frozen)
dialog: Oh my God...
text: The tentacle suddenly flexes and pulls, jerking Norm's foot
text: out from under him. He flies back, arms flailing wildly, and
text: slams flat on his back, cracking his head on the concrete.
text: The tentacle flexes again, wrapping further up Norm's leg to
text: get a better grip...and hundreds of tiny sphincter-like mouths’
text: , are revealed lining the underside of the tentacle, opening
text: 7 and closing hungrily, ti L
text: tiny barbed teeth gnashing. The tentacle
text: starts dragging Norm across the £loor toward the door -- he
text: flops onto his stomach, dazed, fingers clawing the pavement.
speaker_heading: NORM
scene_heading: JESUS CHRIST, JESUS CHRIST, GET IT
dialog: OFF ME, GET IT OFF ME!
text: David's the first (and only one) to react -- he lunges forward,
text: grabbing Norm by the wrist and pulling hard. It's a tug of
text: war between David and the tentacle, with Norm the bag boy as
text: prize. Norm's eyes are on him, blubbering with fear:
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: Don't let it get me, okay, don't,
dialog: okay, don't...
dialog: (looks to Jim and Myron)
dialog: Help me...help me, ‘you guys, please,
dialog: please...
text: But the others are frozen in shock, their brains gone short-
text: circuit, unable to process what they're seeing. Myron backs
text: away, trips over a pallet and lands on his ass, gaping in
text: incomprehension and terror.
text: David strains to pull Norm free, their wrists locked. Suddenly,
text: we hear: more slithering.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: ANGLE AT FLOOR LEVEL
text: Norm takes his eyes off David, turns to look -- as we RACK TO
text: the loading door b.g. to reveal:
text: More tentacles rise up just outside, slipping and flopping
text: and slithering hungr. ly toward us. RACK BACK TO Norm as he
text: looks back to David, almost imbecilic now with fear:
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: +--0h, there's more...there's more...
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: SOMEBODY HELP ME! WHAT THE FUCK ARE
dialog: YOU WAITING FOR?
text: And that's what gets Ollie moving, his feet unfrozen, his
text: brain in gear. He runs to help, grabbing Norm's other wrist,
text: the insane tug of war continuin , as:
text: A second tentacle comes slithering, wrapping now around Norm's
text: other leg. The barbed pad sinks in, pulls off a hunk of fabric
text: and flesh. The tentacle rears up and poises in the air with its
text: prize, then starts feeding -- the mouth-in-the-pad gobbles the
text: bloody hunk, bobbing Tike a dog scarfing a treat. Below it, the
text: rows of tiny sucker-mouths lining the tentacle hungrily snap
text: open-and-shut-open-and-shut, grabbing any morsels that fall...
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: Oh! Oh! oh! :
text: More tentacles come probing. One snatches Norm's apron off,
text: carries it away like a prize. Another tugs a Converse sneaker
text: off his thrashing foot and makes off with it. David looks
text: around, sees: a fir
text: € ax enclosed in a glass case on the wall.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: OLLIE! THE AX! THE AX!
text: Ollie lets go of Norm, rushes to the wall, and SLAMS his elbow
text: hard as he can into the glass case -- it doesn't break, but
text: his elbow almost does. He hisses in pain, clutching it...
speaker_heading: OLLIE
speaker_heading: OW, FUCK!
text: He glances back in panic, sees more t
text: crowding the loading platform outsid
text: Ollie suddenly clutches his chest, wheezing, unable to breathe!
dialog: Heart attack? No -- asthma attack! A bad one! He sees a box
text: of canned goods, grabs a can of chili, rams it through the
text: glass -- CRASH! He reaches in, fumbling to retrieve the ax...
dialog: entacles appearing,
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: DAVID AND NORM
text: David slips and slides in Norm's blood, feet dug in, getting
text: dragged as Norm is pulled along in fits and starts. Tentacles
text: are darting, dipping in, nipping pieces out of Norm, ripping
text: up little hunks of clothing and flesh...
speaker_heading: NORM
text: GAAAAAHHHHHHDD! GAAAAAHHHHHHDD !
text: Ollie comes staggering in the grip of a full-blown asthma
text: attack, wheezing like a bellows, fire ax raised high, trying
text: to get enough aim to whack off a tentacle, Norm gaping up at
text: this new insanity about to descend upon him. .
text: Ollie swings the ax down, blade slicing the air, but:
text: David abruptly loses his sweaty grip, falls back in a sprawl.
text: The ax nearly takes off Norm's head, barely missing and
text: slamming concrete as Norm gets yanked away from them...
text: Norm goes sailing/sliding across the floor, screaming and
text: writhing wildly, trying to sit up, and:
text: WHAM! He SLAMS face-first into the bottom of the loading door,
text: lops onto his back from the recoil. The tentacles flex and
dialog: coil, try to jerk him outside, but:
text: Norm grabs the bottom lip of the door with both hands ina
text: white-knuckled death grip. The tentacles pull harder, causing
text: Norm's body to rise off the ground, but he won't let go, he's
text: doing chin-ups on the door for dear life...
text: David looks to Ollie, stunned, thinking Ollie's dying. Ollie's
text: on his knees, gasping, unable to breathe, clutching his chest
text: and fumbling in his pocket, trying to explain:
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: ---asthma...fuckin' asthma...
text: David scrambles forward, getting a new grip under Norm's arms,
text: pulling for all he's worth, screaming with effort...
text: Ollie comes staggering, taking desperate hits from his inhaler,
dialog: also grabbing Norm...
text: More tentacles are slithering past them, exploring -- a huge
text: one ripples by them like a gigantic boa constrictor, probing
text: the pallets of goods. It grabs a 50 pound bag of dog food and
text: Squeezes, exploding dry kibble all over the room. Other
text: tentacles descend, mindlessly scarfing it up...
text: David and Ollie are whining with effort and terror, the loading
text: door buckling and groaning from the pressure. Norm is gazing
text: up at them, whimpering, head whipping from side to side as if
text: to deny that he's being eaten alive, moaning:
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: NORM
dialog: ++-don't let it get me...'kay...
text: A tentacle THWACKS onto one of his hands, RIPS the flesh away
text: to bone, but still he hangs grimly on. Another rips the skin
text: and flesh off his bare foot. Norm's past screaming; he's just
text: letting out long, shivering sobs.
text: Tentacles come near David's and Ollie's heads, probing the
text: air, sniffing to see if they're edible. One makes a grab for
text: Ollie, who bats it away and backpedals, letting go of Norm.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: DAVID! DAVID, IT'S NO GOOD!
text: A tentacle darts and sn
dialog: falling back with Ollie
text: tentacles seethe and fla.
text: white, still holding on.
text: aps at David's face. He also lets go,
text: in an assholes-and-elbows tangle as
text: il. Norm is watching them, face drained
text: David scrambles and grabs a mop handle, prepares to push the
text: loading door button with it. He looks to Jim, who's watching
text: with a drugged expression on his face.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Start the generator!
text: No reaction -- Jim just stares at the roiling tentacles, Myron
text: still sprawled on his ass on the floor next to him. Furious,
text: David picks up a box of bleach, chucks it hard -- it slams
text: Jim in the stomach. He grunts, looks .toward them like, huh?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: START THE FUCKING GENERATOR!
text: Jim blinks, as if coming out of a daze:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm sorry. How the hell was I
dialog: supposed to know? You said you heard
dialog: something but I didn't know what
dialog: you meant, you. should have said
dialog: what you meant better. I thought, I
dialog: dunno, maybe a bird or something...
text: Ollie staggers to his feet and runs to the generator.
text: Norm is staring at them, holding on, the tentacles ripping at
text: him, droplets of blood pattering to the floor.
text: Other tentacles, including a few big ones, are crawling across
text: the floor, exploring. One gets close to Jim, who steps back
text: and trips on his ass, joining Myron on the floor. Another
text: grabs a box marked "Charmin" and squeezes, rupturing it and
text: sending rolls of toilet paper raining and bouncing everywhere.
text: The generator ROARS to life.
dialog: 4u.
text: David hesitates. Norm's eyes are boring into his, hellishly
text: aware. He knows what's happening to him, knows what David is
text: about to do. David stabs the button and the door descends.
dialog: 
text: Norm's grip finally comes loose and he thuds down onto the
text: loading platform. Then he's slowly pulled away, both hands
text: (one a skeletal claw) scrabbling weakly on the concrete, eyes
text: on David, flopping and rolling as he vanishes into the Mist.
text: The largest tentacle is still playing with toilet paper rolls
text: when the door comes down, indenting it. The smaller tentacles
text: go whipping out in the blink of an eye...but the large tentacle
text: gets stuck, writhing wildly as the door gets hung up, jerking
text: up and down in its tracks, trying to close.
text: David grabs the ax, runs over, severs the tentacle in a spew
text: of brackish blood. The tentacle pulls free, leaving just that
text: one severed tip flopping on the floor like a fish, and:
text: The door. Finally. Closes.
text: Nothing now but the grumble of the generator and David panting
text: harshly in the aftermath of his exhaustion and terror. Jim
text: rises unsteadily, takes a couple of steps toward him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Look, look...y'gotta understand...
text: David throws a punch. Jim's too surprised to even duck it.
text: Whap! Right in the mouth. Blood start to flow.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You got him killed! Did you get a
dialog: good look at it? Did you get a good
dialog: look at what you did?
text: David vents his rage, throwing punches and landing some solid
text: ones. Jim staggers back, taking it numbly, in resignation or
text: penance. Suddenly Ollie's there, pulling David off.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Don't, David. Don't-hit him anymore.
dialog: It doesn't solve anything.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You two assholes got that kid killed!
dialog: And I got his fucking blood on me!
text: David pulis away from Ollie. He squats, puts his head down,
text: taking deep breaths. He waits to see if he's gonna black out
text: or puke, or what. Finally, he looks up at Ollie. Softly:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay. I'm done.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Good. Good. What's next?
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Kill the generator. That's the first
dialog: thing. .
text: Ollie goes off to do it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah. Let's get out of here. I'm
dialog: Sorry about the kid, but y'gotta
dialog: understand--
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: Hey, we didn't twist his arm! He
dialog: made his choice too!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah? He was a kid, he's supposed
dialog: to be stupid! What's your excuse?
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: Go back in the market, wait for us
dialog: by the door. Don't say a word to
dialog: anybody. Not yet. .
text: Jim and Myron shuffle out. The genny dies -- back to darkness.
text: Beat. David clicks a flashlight on, aiming so Ollie can see.
text: Ollie looms from the darkness, still not breathing xight,
text: taking long hits off his inhaler. A long silence as both men
dialog: try to absorb what just happened, then:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm sure Norm the bag boy didn't
dialog: expect that to happen when he woke
dialog: up this morning.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: We have to tell. them. The people in
dialog: the market. Stop them from going
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They won't believe us.
text: CAMERA PUSHES IN as Ollie crouches, the flashlight beam turning
text: their faces into scary Halloween masks floating in the dark.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: They have to.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm not sure I believe it, and I
dialog: was here. What we saw...it's
dialog: impossible. You know that, don't
dialog: you? So how do we convince them?
dialog: What do we say? Ollie, what the
dialog: hell were those tentacles even
dialog: attached to?
dialog: 42.
dialog: They ponder that, as:
text: WE FADE TO BLACK AND BRING UP A TITLE:
scene_heading: A_DISCUSSION WITH NORTON
scene_heading: INT. MARKET - DAY
text: David draws near the aisle where the women are looking after
text: Billy. Amanda appears from the aisle, gasps at the sight of
text: David -- he's disheveled, bloody. He quickly puts a finger to
text: his lips in a "don't make a scene" gesture. She leans in.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (quiet, intense)
dialog: My God, are you all right?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Fine--yeah, fine. Not my blood.
dialog: Just wanted to check on Billy.
text: He looks past her, sees Billy curled up in Sally's lap.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: What the hell happened?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Gotta handle something first. Please,
dialog: just keep your eye on him, okay?
text: She nods, wanting to ask a million questions, but holding
text: back. David turns, heads back toward the loading dock where:
text: We find Jim, Myron, and Ollie hovering by the beer cooler.
text: Jim and Myron are both already drinking in earnest. Jim's
text: holding his cold beer to his bruised face and split lip. He
text: wordlessly offers up the sixpack. Ollie tears one off, cracks
text: it, starts chugging. Myron hands David a kitchen towel and a
dialog: bottle of water so he can clean up. .-
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I'm sorry about Norm. Ain’t makin!
dialog: no excuses. Just saying.
speaker_heading: DAVID .
dialog: We have to tell people. No need to
dialog: say how it went down...but we're in
dialog: deep shit here, people need to know.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: We expect you to back us up.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah. Yeah, sure. Can't have 'em
dialog: just walking out, can we? Like that
dialog: lady whose kids were at home. Oh,
dialog: Lord, what a mess.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Where do we start? How do we do
dialog: this and not cause a panic?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Let's quietly tell a few key people,
dialog: go from there. You guys are locals,
dialog: people from around here are more
dialog: likely to take your word than mine.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: You're a local too.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: My family roots, yeah. But I didn't
dialog: grow up here, makes me an outsider.
dialog: You know damn well it does.
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: What about the out-of-towners? Got
text: plenty of them in the store.
text: David sees Norton at the front of the store, looks to Ollie.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Brent Norton? He's a New Yorker,
dialog: got a lot of respect in this town.
dialog: His credibility could be a plus.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Okay, but do it quickly, David. We
dialog: have to discuss how to stop those
dialog: things from getting in here.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What do you mean "getting in?" You
dialog: guys shut that loading door, right?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Yeah. But the whole front of the
text: store is plate glass.
text: CAMERA PUSHES IN as they turn to stare at the windows (which
text: are fractured with large cracks, remember), their faces going
text: slack as it sinks in how vulnerable they truly are.
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: (a whisper)
text: Jesus Christ in haircurlers.
text: Myron cracks another beer, starts gulping. David heads to:
scene_heading: THE FRONT OF THE STORE
text: People are restless. Many are at the windows watching the
text: Mist. David approaches Norton and Bud, eyeing the plate glass,
text: sick with fear at the thought of what might be out there.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: David. Where'd you get off to?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's what I need to talk to you
dialog: about.
text: David pulls Norton aside, walking him down the aisle toward
dialog: the back of the store:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Listen, that guy who came in yelling
dialog: about something in the fog getting
dialog: his friend...
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Yeah, they got him quieted down and
text: tucked away in the Manager's office.
dialog: Somebody gave him a valium. He was
text: scaring people babbling about his
dialog: hallucinations...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They weren't hallucinations.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: (stops, staring)
dialog: Oh, now, David, don't you get
dialog: hysterical too...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Brent, listen to me, this is really
dialog: important...
scene_heading: OLLIE, JIM, AND MYRON
text: are watching David trying to convince Norton. From here, it
text: looks like the conversation's getting heated.
speaker_heading: : MYRON
dialog: I don't think it's going very well.
text: David grabs Norton, walks him down the aisle to the others,
text: Norton getting all blustery and shaking his head:
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: No, no, no, no...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Tell him.
speaker_heading: OLLIB
dialog: It's true.
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: Tentacles. Ayuh.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Gentlemen, no. I'm sorry, but I'm
dialog: just not that stupid.
dialog: (directed at David)
dialog: What do you take me for? You think
dialog: so little of me?
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: {beery, slurring)
dialog: Mr. Norton, lissen, s'like this...
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: It's ridiculous. Bither you're having
dialog: me on, or...or you're suffering
text: some kind of group hypnosis.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Come back there with me. I'll show
dialog: you the blood. And a chunk of
text: tentacle on the floor.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What? What did you say?
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: No. This pathetic attempt at a joke
dialog: has gone far enough...
dialog: (turns to go, muttering)
dialog: -+-and don't I feel stupid? I thought
dialog: you were being kind to me today...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Brent, look--
text: David grabs his arm, but Norton pulls out of grasp so hard he
text: almost loses his balance, along with his temper:
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: No, you look! It's a sick, puerile,
dialog: stupid joke! It's a banana skin,
dialog: and I'm supposed to slip on it!
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Mr. Norton? What reason could we
dialog: possibly have?
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Oh, please. This is payback for
dialog: that lawsuit I filed against him.
dialog: And you guys are backing him up.
dialog: (to David)
dialog: Pretty tasteless to use what's
dialog: happened here as an excuse to make
dialog: an idiot of me...
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: ..-that's not what's happening...
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Winning in court wasn't enough for
dialog: you? Now you want to take me back
dialog: there to gawk at some 98 cent rubber
dialog: novelty while these hicks stand
dialog: around laughing their asses off?
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: Hey, you wanna watch who you're
dialog: calling a hick, prick.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Whoa, easy, Myron. Mr. Norton, I
dialog: swear, you got us all wrong.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: None of you are exactly crazy about
dialog: out-of-towners, am I right? I've
dialog: seen you talking behind my back,
dialog: the way you all stick together.
dialog: (spins to David)
dialog: I'm glad that tree fell on your
dialog: boathouse,- you know that? Glad.
dialog: Stove it in pretty well, didn't it?
dialog: Fantastic. Now get out of my way.
text: Norton tries to go past, but David grabs him and Norton trips
text: “—~ into the shelves -- a few bottles fall and break. People are
text: starting to notice now, drifting this way, as:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I know you're scared. I am too. But
dialog: there are lives at stake, my boy's
dialog: most of all. I need you, goddamn
dialog: it, so get your head out of your
dialog: ass. I'll drag you back there if 1
dialog: have to.
speaker_heading: NORTON
text: GET THE HELL OFF ME! HELP! MAKE HIM
dialog: LET ME GO! .
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hey, hey! What is this?!
text: Bud is elbowing his way through the gathering crowd. Norton
text: pulls free, shirt pulled out of his pants, flushed with rage:
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: I'm gonna sue your ass again, you
dialog: hear me, Drayton? I'll sue your ass
dialog: right off, and then I'll have it
dialog: thrown in jail! He assaulted me,
dialog: you're all witnesses! He's crazy!
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: No, he's not. I wish he were, but
dialog: he isn't.
text: Off Bud's look, Ollie turns and yells:
speaker_heading: OLLIB
text: HEY! EVERYBODY IN THE STORE! You
text: WANNA COME BACK HERE AND HEAR THIS!
text: IT CONCERNS EVERYBODY!
dialog: {to David)
dialog: Am I doing all right?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Mr. David Drayton has something to
dialog: tell you! You need to hear it in
dialog: case you were planning on leaving!
text: People gather. Amanda and the other women appear. Sally brings
text: Billy, the boy confused and rubbing sleep from his eyes, as:
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I don't know what you people think
dialog: you're doing, but I can tell you
dialog: it's going to be reported to the
dialog: Federal Foods Company! All of it:
dialog: (to pitie)
dialog: You're drinking, for God's sakes!
dialog: You want to Iose your job? I'll be
dialog: taking down’ names...
dialog: (glances to David)
dialog: +;-Starting with you! And make no
dialog: mistake -- there May be charges!
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Fine, Bud, write down your names,
dialog: but in the meantime, shut the fuck
dialog: up. And listen.
text: Bud reacts as if slapped, stunned that Ollie just spoke to
text: him like that. Bud glances to David -- go ahead. David
text: hesitates, all eyes now on him.
speaker_heading: MIKE HATLEN,
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay. Here's how it is. I don't
dialog: know what this mist is...but there
dialog: are things in it. and they're
dialog: dangerous...
text: one of the town selectmen, speaks up:
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Things, David? what kind of "things?*
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: . DAVID
text: We went back in the loading dock.
dialog: Five of us. Jim and Myron...Ollie
dialog: and me...Norm, the bag boy. We opened
text: up the loading door so Norm could
dialog: go out and clear the exhaust vent
dialog: for the generator. Something came
text: out of the mist and took him.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Took him? What do you mean? Where
speaker_heading: —
dialog: is he?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Gone. It killed him. Dragged him
dialog: off.
dialog: {off their looks)
dialog: I can't tell you what it was. All
dialog: we saw were tentacles.
text: This gets a few nervous chuckles, which spurs Norton:
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Tentacles, he says! The Tentacles
dialog: from Planet xX!
dialog: (looks to Bud)
dialog: It's a lie, you know. These people
dialog: just lie each other up. ~
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Of course it's a lie. It's lunacy.
dialog: (hollers) :
dialog: NORM? WHERE ARE YOU?
text: Nothing...just silence. People looking nervously around.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: You honestly think he’s hiding?
dialog: Having a laugh at your expense? Is
dialog: that what you truly think, Bud?
text: ANGLE TO Amanda and Sally, Irene and Hattie. Sally's got her
text: arms protectively around Billy. Everybody waiting, listening.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (getting scared)
speaker_heading: NORM?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Go ahead. Search the store. You
dialog: won't find him.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: {hesitates)
text: NORM! SHOW YOURSELF! RIGHT NOW THIS
scene_heading: VERY INSTANT!
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARMODY (0.S.)
dialog: Little Normy's gone. Death took
dialog: your little Normy.
text: All eyes turn. Here she comes in her canary-yellow pantsuit.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: You listen but don't hear. You hear
dialog: but don't believe. Who wants to go
dialog: outside and see for himself?
dialog: {looks to David)
dialog: And what do you propose to do about
dialog: it, Mr. David Drayton? What do you
dialog: think you can do about it?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Can't somebody make her shut up?
scene_heading: ‘MRS... CARMODY
dialog: Are you scared, dearie? No, not
dialog: yet, but you will be. The End Time
text: has come. The moving finger has
text: writ, not in flames, but in mist.
dialog: The earth has spewed up Hell's
dialog: abominations, and when you see them
dialog: face to face, oh then you'll be
dialog: scared, yes, scared aplenty when
dialog: they drag you off! You'll be with
dialog: little Normy soon enough!
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: (takes her elbow)
dialog: That's enough now, Mrs. Carmody .
dialog: That's just fine.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Don't you touch me! It's the end of
dialog: everything! It's death!
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER
text: It's a pile of shit.
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: Look, mister, don't you think we
dialog: know how this sounds? But it's the
dialog: flat-out truth. We all saw it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: Don't take our word. Come look.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Lead the way, Mr. Drayton. Let’s
dialog: get this foolishness over with.
text: David turns, glances to Jim and Myron. They don't want to go,
text: but they nod in agreement anyway. They all enter:
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: THE LOADING DOCK
text: The men enter, flashlight beams sweeping the shadows, faces
text: Pale and ghastly. Bud's bravado is draining away...once you
text: get a person in the dark, logic flees. He can see the place
text: is trashed: boxes knocked over, toilet paper rolls everywhere.
text: David brings him toward the loading door. Bud's flashlight
text: beam finds the blood on the floor, a lot of it, long streaks
text: already turning brown, leading to the big roll-up door...
text: »+-and there, curled on the ground, is that bit of tentacle,
text: looking rubbery.
speaker_heading: . BUD
dialog: {a whisper)
dialog: What the hell?
text: David grabs the mop handle, pokes the tentacle...once, twice.
text: It moves, making Bud jump, the fragment clenching and
text: unclenching convulsively, its barbed mouth gaping open as if
text: sScreaming...then it curls up and goes still again. Now that
text: it's finally dead, it decays before their eyes at a startling
text: xate. Bud makes a choking sound of shock and disgust...
text: IN THE MARKET
text: +-and they exit. Bud pauses, faces everybody in the store.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: People. It appears we may have a
dialog: Problem of some magnitude here.
text: WE FADE TO BLACK AND BRING UP A TITLE:
scene_heading: THE FLAT EARTH SOCIETY
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET/PARKING LOT - DAY
text: A DRIFTING SHOT takes us ominously through the Mist, past the
text: vague shapes of parked vehicles...and the market looms from
text: the murk, materializing before our eyes as CAMERA MOVES to
dialog: the windows to reveal: :
text: People inside. Piling big 50-pound bags of fertilizer and dog
text: food like sandbags along the plate glass...
scene_heading: INT. MARKET - DAY
text: CAMERA HERE IS HANDHELD, DRIFTING AND PROBING, always restless,
dialog: always on the move:
text: WE PULL BACK from DAN MILLER, a middle-aged man on a ladder,
text: taping the cracks in the glass with packing tape while Jog
text: AND BUDDY EAGLETON (brothers) hold the ladder.
speaker_heading: Db.
text: ANGLE DRIFTS BACK through a lot of activity -- bag after bag
text: being laid down, more arriving from the back of the store,
text: while other items are also gathered and laid out:
text: Mop handles. Cans of charcoal fluid. Knives. All impromptu
text: defensive items. ANGLE FINDS Billy -- the boy's in plain view
text: of his father, being watched by Sally. Nearby, Norton is with
text: his "group," about ten people who have gravitated to his side.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: You people are getting stampeded,
dialog: don't you see? You have four
dialog: witnesses to this supposed event.
dialog: One of them I don't trust at all
dialog: because he has a grudge against me.
text: Of the remainder, two are hopelessly
dialog: inebriated...
text: He indicates Jim and Myron, who (yes) are pretty shitfaced by
text: now and still sucking down the beers.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: What about the fourth? I guess that
dialog: would make me a flat-out liar.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Yes, it would. I find that far easier
dialog: to believe than tentacles.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Tell you what, Mr. Norton. Why don't
dialog: you go out that door and around
dialog: back? There's a big pile of return
dialog: bottles Norm and I put out there
dialog: this morning. You bring back one of
dialog: those bottles...even one...I'11
dialog: take off my shirt and eat it.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: I refuse to be sucked in by your
text: pathetic delusions. The evidence
dialog: here is flimsy bordering on ludi--
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: This isn't a courtroom. You're not
dialog: arguing a case. And you're not doing
dialog: anything but damage talking the way
dialog: you are.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: And you can throw as much cow's
text: blood around the loading dock as
dialog: you want, you're still not fooling
dialog: anybody...
dialog: $2.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Leave it alone, David. You can't
dialog: convince some people there's a fire
dialog: even if their hair is burning. Denial
dialog: is a powerful thing.
speaker_heading: : NORTON
dialog: This is absolutely moronic.
text: Norton withdraws in disgust toward the back of the store.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Anybody who wants to discuss this
dialog: rationally to find a means of rescue
dialog: are welcome to join me. Those who
dialog: want to take part in his travesty,
dialog: go right ahead. I'11 have no part of
dialog: it, nor would any thinking person.
text: ANGLE SHIFTS (remember, CAMERA is drifting, restless, on the
text: move) to Mrs. Carmody eyeing them, sucking on a Tootsie Pop:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Keep thinking, Mr. Lawyer. There is
dialog: no defense against the will of God.
dialog: No court of appeals in Hell.
dialog: (to David)
dialog: No defense here, neither. Not with
dialog: all the bags of fertilizer in the
dialog: world, not even if you stack 'em
text: high as that prideful tower in Babel.
dialog: They all just bags of shit now,
dialog: ain't they?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I guess you'd be the expert on that.
text: Dan enters frame, Joe following through with the ladder.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Got those windows taped up. Perhaps
dialog: it'll do some good.
text: David and Ollie trade a look -- they can’t believe that, but
dialog: don't want to be discouraging either. Amanda is the only one
text: who catches it. She draws closer:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: That bad?
text: David just give her a subtle nod -- yeah, that bad.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: I have seen the signs. I have read
dialog: the Revelations. There are those
dialog: here I have told, but ain't none so
text: blind as those who will not see.
dialog: 53.
text: She moves to the windows, pointing out at the Mist.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: "And the temple was filled with the
dialog: smoke from the glory of God, and
dialog: from his power; and no man was able
dialog: to enter the temple till the plaques
dialog: of the seven angels were fulfilled."
speaker_heading: MIKE :
dialog: Well, what are you saying? What are
dialog: you proposing?
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Proposing? Why, I am proposing that
dialog: you prepare to meet your maker,
dialog: Michael Hatlen!
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: Prepare to meet shit! Woman, your
text: tongue must be hung in the middle
dialog: so it can run on both ends!
text: Myron's advancing on her, but Jim restrains him. ¢
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Come on, pal, easy now...
text: People are pausing now, drawn to the confrontation, as:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Doubters will doubt to the end! Yet
dialog: a monstrosity did drag that poor
dialog: boy away! Things in the mist! Every
dialog: abomination out of a bad dream!
dialog: Eyeless freaks! Pallid horrors! Do
dialog: you doubt? Then go out! Go on out
dialog: and say howdy-do!
dialog: 
text: A LITTLE GIRL bursts into tears, buries her face against her
text: FATHER'S leg. The adults are either disgusted or fascinated,
text: but all are silent and listening now.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Shut up, lady, God's sakes.
text: David glances over, sees Billy peering with wide eyes.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You'll have to stop now, Mrs.
dialog: Carmody. You're scaring the children.
dialog: My little boy.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: The children should be scared. Oh
dialog: yes they should. Their heads been
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARMODY (CONT'D)
dialog: filled with lies, all this talk of
dialog: modern God. Only one true God, the
dialog: God of the Israelites. He’s a stern
dialog: and vengeful God, and we been mocking
dialog: Him far too long. Now he’s calling
dialog: us to pay our debt in blood.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Blood?
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: That's right missy thing, blood.
dialog: Like what trickles down your leg
dialog: once a month. Why you think God
dialog: gave women the curse? As a reminder.
dialog: But that's just been a downpayment.
dialog: Now we pay the rest.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Read the Good Book! It calls for
dialog: blood! Expiation! Sacrifice!
text: Amanda steps up calmly and slaps her hard across the face.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You shut up that bad talk.
text: Mrs. Carmody touches a hand to her mouth, finds a little blood
text: there. It makes her smile...and she holds it up for all to
text: see. Amanda backs away, realizing just how crazy she is.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Sorry, folks. This lady's perspective
dialog: on things is a little too Old
dialog: Testament for my Lutheran tastes.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: She had it coming! I'd have done it
dialog: myself!
text: Carmody singles Sally out, drifting ominously toward her.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: They'll get hold of you. Not today.
dialog: Maybe tonight. When darkness comes.
text: Sally shies back. Carmody turns slowly, addressing them all
text: now, eyes going from face to face.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: They'll come at night, and take
dialog: someone else. See if they don't.
dialog: And when they do, when you're next,
dialog: then you'll come weeping to me.
dialog: You'll beg Mother Carmody to show
dialog: you what to do.
dialog: DD.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: That's fine, but until then, if you
dialog: don't shut up, we'll wrap some of
dialog: this tape around your mouth.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: You try it, Ollie Weeks.
dialog: (turns to Amanda)
dialog: And you, bitch. Hit me again if you
dialog: dare. You'll be on your knees to me
dialog: before it's through.
text: She plants her Tootsie Pop back in her mouth, drifts quietly
text: off. People get out of her way. ANGLE FINDS one terrified
text: WOMAN, pale and watching...already believing.
speaker_heading: FAVORING DAVID
text: as the moment ends, everybody around him freaked-out and grimly
text: silent as they drift off to resume their preparations.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Those of you who aren't locals should
dialog: know that Mrs. Carmody is well known
dialog: in town for being unstable.
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER
dialog: No shit. What was your first clue?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Okay, we can use the charcoal fluid
dialog: and mops to make torches. And we
dialog: got knives and such, God knows.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Which God, hers? He likes knives,
dialog: apparently...
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: This may be a silly question, Bud,
dialog: but you don't happen to have a gun .
dialog: in the store?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Please. This isn't Dodge city. or
dialog: Los Angeles.
text: An old man, AMBROSE CORNELL, pipes up:
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Got a shotgun in my truck. I could
dialog: try for it, if you want.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don't think that's a good idea,
dialog: Mr. Cornell.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: I don’t either, son, but I thought
dialog: I'd offer.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Well, I didn't think so...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Hold on a minute.
text: All eyes turn to her. She looks very self-conscious as she
text: opens her purse, digs around, and pulls out a small Smith & LD
dialog: Wesson J-frame revolver. i
speaker_heading: " AMANDA :
dialog: This gun...my husband's idea. :
dialog: (embarrassed) i
dialog: He insisted. He's away on business |
dialog: a lot. It's not even loaded. :
speaker_heading: AMBROSB |
dialog: So what good is it?
text: She goes into her purse again, brings out two plastic speed-
text: loaders, each containing six rounds.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You know how to use it?
speaker_heading: AMANDA _
dialog: I shot it only once, on a target
dialog: range.
text: Dan takes the gun, manages to fumble the cylinder open.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Okay, we got a gun. Who knows how
dialog: to shoot it? Well, I mean.
text: People glance around at each other. Then, reluctantly:
speaker_heading: OLLIB
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You? You'll be too damn drunk to
dialog: see before dark.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: I've done a lot of target shooting.
dialog: I was state champion back in '94,
text: David gives Ollie a look -- the little assistant manager is
text: full of surprises. Ollie takes the gun, loading and handling
text: it with deft expertise. He cracks the cylinder, applies the
text: speed-loader, shuts the cylinder with a flick of his wrist.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay. You're in charge of the gun.
dialog: (to Amanda)
dialog: If that's okay?
text: Amanda nods, relieved. Mike and Dan move off to help the others
dialog: piling the bags, while:
text: David goes to Billy and Irene. The boy's eating a Hershey
text: bar. David kneels, puts his hand on Billy's forehead.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Feeling better, champ?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (nods solemnly)
dialog: How come nobody. comes and rescues
dialog: us? Why don't those Army men call
dialog: their friends to come get us?
text: David glances over, sees Bisby, Jessup, and Donaldson apart
text: from everybody else, having some kind of quiet but heated
text: debate -- in fact, they seem on the verge of an argument.
text: David finds it odd, but doesn't give it that much thought .
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You think Mommy's okay?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Billy, I just don't know. I wish I
dialog: did, but I don't.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (eyes brimming tears)
dialog: I want her awful bad. I'm sorry
dialog: about the times I was bad to her.
text: David hugs him, pulls him close.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Mommy loves you, Billy. And I bet
dialog: she's fine. I promise you I'm going
dialog: to do everything I can to get us
dialog: back to her, okay? That's all you
dialog: have to think about.
text: Billy nods, miserable. David feels helpless,
text: wanting to believe it himself. He looks up at
text: Sally's trembling, tears running down her face
dialog: desperately
dialog: Sally and Irene.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Sally? Your folks still in Boston?
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Yeah. Till next week. So I guess
dialog: they're okay.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I'm sure they are. You just be strong
dialog: for them, dear.
text: Suddenly, RAISED VOICES are heard coming this way:
speaker_heading: JOE (0.S8.)
dialog: You're crazy if you go out there!
speaker_heading: NORTON (0.S.)
dialog: Let us pass! Let us pass, please!
text: David rises. Norton and his group (now on
dialog: ly five people) appear
text: with Joe dogging them, Mike joining in:
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Wait, please, let's talk this thing
dialog: through...
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: We have, and we've made our decision. ‘
dialog: We're leaving.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Whoa, now, hang on! Mike's right,
dialog: we can talk it over, can’t we? Mr.
dialog: Mackey's gonna barbecue some chicken
dialog: on the gas grill, we can all sit
dialog: down and eat and just--
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: And let you go on talking? I've
dialog: been in too many courtrooms to fall
dialog: for that. You've psyched out half a
dialog: dozen of my people already.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: "Your" people? What kind of talk is
dialog: that? They're people, that's ali.
dialog: You want to get ‘em killed? There
dialog: are, for want of a better word,
dialog: things out there in the mist--
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Things, you say. We've been here
dialog: since this morning, and I have yet
dialog: to see a "thing." Nor has anybody
dialog: else, and people have been staring
text: out at that mist for hours.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Who has yet to see one?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: Back in the loading dock, jackass,
dialog: dig the wax out of your ears!
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: No, no, no! That ground has been
dialog: covered and covered!
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Listen, everybody! We have
dialog: experienced some sort of natural or
dialog: manmade disaster! That's all! The
dialog: only way we can help ourselves is
dialog: to seek rescue! We're going out!
speaker_heading: : IRENE
dialog: No! You can't!
text: One of Norton's group, an ELDERLY WOMAN, faces them:
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: Will you restrain us? Will you?
dialog: The challenge is clear.. -use force or let them go. Softly:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No. No, ma'am, I don’t think anyone
dialog: will restrain you. Brent, listen...
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: I'm not discussing this further.
dialog: Certainly not with you.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I know. I'm just asking a favor.
text: Off Norton's questioning look, David grabs a package of white
text: clothesline from all the supplies that have been gathered.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Will you tie this around your waist?
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: What in God's name for?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It'll tell us you got at least three
text: hundred feet.
text: Something flickers in Norton's eyes -- a hesitation, like
text: Norm had before he opened the loading dock door. But then:
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: No. I will not.
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER {O.S.)
dialog: I'll do it.
dialog: 60.
text: All eyes turn.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You throwing in with him?
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER
dialog: Me? No thanks. I think your man
text: there's a little too tightly wound.
dialog: Gonna get somebody killed.
dialog: (to Ambrose)
dialog: I'm thinking we could use that
dialog: shotgun of yours. I saw where you
text: parked when I pulled in. Red pickup,
dialog: right? Far entrance.
text: Ambrose weighs this, digs his keys out, offers them.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: You got brass balis, son. Shells
dialog: are in the glove compartment. You
dialog: can drive back. Pump the pedal three
dialog: times to get ‘er started.
text: The biker takes the keys, ties the clothesline to his belt
text: (which has a huge "Live Free Or Die” buckle). Norton's
text: bristling, but has no choice.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: You want a knife?
text: The biker lifts his shirt, reveals a buck knife in a scabbard.
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER
dialog: Got one. You just see to paying out
dialog: that line. If it binds up, I'11 cut
dialog: ‘er loose. Just so you understand.
text: Davia nods. He turns to Norton, holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Brent. Good luck, man.
text: Brent just stares at David's hand like it's a foreign object.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: We'll send back help.
text: Norton goes to the door,
text: pushes it open, steps out. The others
text: in his group file out aft
text: er him...except one MAN, who freezes.
text: Norton glances back at him. The guy just shakes his head,
text: backs away in fear. Norton dismisses him in disgust.
text: The biker pauses at the door, looks back at Mrs. Carmody.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: BEARDED BIKER
dialog: Hey, crazy lady. I believe in Goa,
dialog: too. I just don't think he's the
dialog: bloodthirsty asshole you make Him
dialog: out to be.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Take it up with the Devil when you
text: Grop in on him. Chew it over at
dialog: your leisure.
text: She gives him a chilly smile. He just turns, exits.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: They'll die out there. Mark me.
text: Norton's group starts off. People crowd to the windows, peering
text: over the "sandbags," watching. David and Ollie pay out the
text: clothesline, keeping it from tangling.
text: The group gets indistinct very quickly...then vanishes from
text: sight, swallowed by the Mist
text: Silence now. Tension thick. People straining to see or hear
text: anything. The only sound is the clothesline quietly reeling
text: out, rubbing softly against the door jamb.
text: The seconds tick by. The line keeps being drawn out, foot
text: after foot, yard after yard
text: It suddenly stops, goes slack in David's hands. Pause.
text: It starts again. Everybody remembers to breathe. The rope
text: keeps going, at least two hundred feet of it now gone, closing
text: in on three quarters. People are starting to get hopeful..
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: {a whisper)
dialog: They're doing good. Real good.
text: -+-and suddenly the line is yanked taut. Davia screams as it
text: rope-burns through his hands, whipsaws erazily from side to
text: side in the door, goes still, starts whizzing out again. David
text: is holding on, getting dragged, Ollie grabbing him and trying
dialog: to hold him back...
text: FAINT, DISTORTED SOUNDS come wavering out of the Mist, weird
text: and surreal: distant hellish screams, somebody yelling, a few
text: snatches of words...
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: --off me--oh Lord--off--
text: And now come other sounds, weirder by far: a long,
dialog: Ww unearthly
text: HOWL gives way to deep snufflings and savage,
text: tearing GRUNTS...
dialog: oz.
text: David yells, feet dug in, others jumping in to help, keeping
text: him from being pulled out the door...
text: And the line abruptly goes slack out there. They fall back in
text: a tangled heap. A final distant HOWL dies away to nothing...
text: David scrambles, pulling the line in as fast as he can, trying
text: to find the end of it. It piles up at his feet, the rope
text: turning red as it's reeled in, soaked with blood, and:
text: Here come the biker's legs getting dragged across the pavement
text: Tike a huge piece of bloody bait, the rope still looped through
text: his belt...but that's all that's left of him. Everything above
text: the waist is bitten off, gone.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (near tears)
dialog: Oh, God, close the door!
text: Myron slams the door, face white, scared sober. Nobody speaks
text: in the long, shocked silence that follows, except:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: (placid, quiet)
dialog: Now do you see? Now do you believe?
text: WE FADE TO BLACK AND BRING UP A TITLE:
scene_heading: WHEN DARKNESS CAME
scene_heading: INT, MARKET - DAY/DUSK
text: Battery-operated Coleman lanterns are being switched on and
text: set out, people's faces harsh and colorless in the glare...
text: TRACKING SHOT brings us along the sentries stationed at the
text: barricaded plate glass, eight men peering out. Improvised
text: weapons are close at hand, including several mops with their
text: heads sitting in buckets of charcoal fluid.
text: Outside, all is Mist. Night is coming, deepening the shadows,
text: wrapping the store in a shroud. The sodium vapor lamps in the
text: ‘parking lot look like eerie, distant planets in the gloom.
text: Ollie's at the end of the sentry line, peering out, gnawing a
text: chicken leg. Suddenly, a shadow seems to glide past out there.
text: He pauses, blinks, rubs his eyes. He glances over, sees Dan
text: staring at him, gives him a strained smile.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: You stare at something long enough,
dialog: your eyes play tricks on you.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I saw it too.
speaker_heading: DO.
dialog: O£f Ollie's look, we go to:
scene_heading: INT. EMPLOYEE LOUNGE - DAY/DUSK
dialog: "Lounge" is overstating things -- it's little more than a
text: coffee room with a few lockers, a table and chairs, vending
text: machines, faded safety posters on the walls.
text: CAMERA DRIFTS ominously, finding Sally. She's at her locker,
text: uniform hung up, gym bag at her feet, just pulling on her
text: jeans. She seems very vulnerable in here ail alone.
text: She gets her sneakers on, grabs her gym bag, heads for the
text: exit, comes around the lockers --
text: Somebody's there. She stifles a scream, drops her bag.
text: It's Jessup, the young soldier she was smiling at earlier at
text: the checkstands when he first came in.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Wayne. Jesus. You scared the shit
dialog: out of me.
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: Sally--I'm sorry. Really. My bad.
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I...I saw you come in here. 1
dialog: thought. ..thought I'd come in and
dialog: say hi. See how you're holding up.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Barely. How about you?
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: Worried about my folks, I guess.
dialog: You know they live up on Shoreham
dialog: Road...less than five miles from
dialog: here. This mist...who knows how far
dialog: “it's spread...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What about yours?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: They're out of town right now.
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: That's lucky. Means they're okay.
text: Sally nods, trying to keep it together.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: How soon you shipping out?
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: Couple of weeks.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You scared about going over there?
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: Yeah. Sure I am.
text: Their eyes meet. Pause. We feel the weight of things between
text: them that have been left unsaid for a long time.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Wayne? How come you never asked me
dialog: out? We flirted all through high
dialog: school. I know you like me. So how
dialog: come you never asked me out?
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: Dunno. I always wanted to. Stupid,
dialog: I guess.
text: She kisses him. It turns passionate. They start getting carried
text: away...but she stops, pushes him away...
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: (backs off)
dialog: ++-shit, I’m sorry...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: +--mo, don't be, it's just...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Shit. I don’t want it to happen
dialog: Tike this. Not in a shitty locker
dialog: room at work. It's not exactly the
dialog: way I always imagined it, y'know?
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: (nods, beat)
dialog: Let’s just stay in here a while,
dialog: then...okay? Just the two of us?
text: She lays her head on his shoulder...
scene_heading: INT. MARKET - DAY/DUSK
text: --.and we find David's group sitting in an aisle: Billy,
text: Amanda, Irene, Hattie. They're having a desultory meal of
text: grilled chicken. Hattie's got Billy, clinging to him. David
text: can't help noticing she's tense, verging on hysterical. He
text: tries a tactic to get Billy out of earshot for a moment:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hey, you gotta eat, big guy. Keep
dialog: your strength up.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I'm not hungry.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Well, maybe you'd bring me some
dialog: more, huh? Go back there and get me
dialog: some from Mr. Mackey, okay?
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I'll go with you, Billy. Would that
dialog: be okay?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: "kay.
text: David gives Amanda a grateful look. She rises, takes Billy's
text: hand, heads toward the back. David looks to Hattie.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You gonna keep it together?
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: How bad will it be tonight?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hattie, I just don't know.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: You let me keep Billy as much as
dialog: you can. Okay? David, I'm...I think
dialog: I'm in mortal terror. Yes, I believe
dialog: that's what it is. But if I have
dialog: Billy, I think I can be all right.
dialog: I can be all right for him.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: We're all terrified, dear. There's
dialog: no shame in it.
speaker_heading: : HATTIE
dialog: I'm so worried about my Alan. The
dialog: iast I saw him, he was out back
text: mowing the yard. He's dead, I think.
dialog: In my heart, I'm sure he's dead,
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You don't know any such thing.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: What about Steff, David? Don't you
dialog: have some feeling about...about
dialog: whether she’s all right?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's killing me not knowing. That's
dialog: why I'm gonna keep it together and
dialog: not give up hope. So I can get us
dialog: back to her, me and my boy. That's
dialog: all that matters.
dialog: 66.
text: Suddenly, Ollie's there, beer in hand, crouching down:
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: There are things moving around out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
text: Shadows. Things in the mist.
dialog: (off David's look)
dialog: i'm not drunk. I've been trying,
dialog: believe me. Wish I could. 1 thought
dialog: my eyes were playing tricks, but
text: Dan saw it too. So did Arnie Simms.
text: Ollie tosses a careful look over his shoulder at Mrs. Carmody.
text: She's. sitting by herself, eating chicken Yavenously with her
text: hands, surrounded by bones like some cannibal queen.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: That woman is nuts, but she may be
dialog: right about one thing...I think
dialog: those things out there get more
dialog: active when it gets dark.
dialog: (checks his watch)
text: Daylight's just about gone.
text: David looks up, sees Billy and Amanda returning up the aisle,
text: Billy carefully carrying a plate of chicken. David smiles,
text: sees the boy munching a leg.
scene_heading: AT THE BARRICADE
text: GORDON ENNIS is manning his post, eyes glazed from boredom
text: and exhaustion. He clicks on one of the Coleman lanterns so
text: he can see, takes his eyes off the Mist long enough to snag a
text: piece of chicken, turns his eyes back to the window...
text: +--and a flying thing comes right out of the Mist and SLAMS
text: to the plate glass with a LOUD THUMP, attracted to the light,
text: clinging there before his eyes. Gordon jerks back...
speaker_heading: DAVID'’S GROUP
text: +:-and Amanda freezes as Gordon's SCREAM erupts from the front
text: of the store. Billy drops the Plate, food all over the floor
text: and his sneakers. David and Ollie jump to their feet --
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hattie! Watch Billy!
text: ~~ and they burst from the aisle to see Gordon staggering
text: away from the barricade in terror, fleeing toward the back.
text: Sally and Wayne Jessup come running from the employee lounge,
text: see David and the others racing toward:
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: THE BARRICADE
text: People come crowding. And what they see clinging to the glass
text: blows their minds with shock and disgust: a s ented BUG
text: about two feet long, eight legs holding the glass with sucker
text: pads, asymmetrical clusters of eyes revolving on individual
text: stalks, clear membranous wings flexing wetly, a barbed stinger
dialog: where the sexual organ might be.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Oh, God...
text: As they watch, more of the bugs come flitting out of the Mist, |
text: thump-thump-thumping to the glass, clinging there...a swarm :
text: of them, varying in size from one to two feet, milling .
text: aimlessly, crawling over one other, dumb as houseflies.
text: Mrs. Carmody comes strolling with a chicken leg in hand, i
text: licking grease from her fingers, eyes gleaming.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: "And there came out of the smoke
dialog: locusts upon the earth, and unto
dialog: them was given power, as the
dialog: scorpions of the earth have power."
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Wow. Look at those stingers.
text: Ollie reaches up, gently taps the glass. A bug takes off,
text: then lands again. Other people start tapping the glass; making
text: the swarm flit off, but they always come back, settling. :
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: The light. I think they're attracted
text: to the light.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Maybe we should douse the--HOLY SHIT!
dialog: =
text: iis words are lost as a bigger and more awful thing appears:
dialog: We'll call it a "bird" -- it's like a pelican in size, but a
text: miniature pterodactyl designed by Hiernyomus Bosch in looks:
text: a sharp triangular head with diseased orbs for eyes, a beaked
text: snout snaggly with teeth, flapping leathery wings. It snatches
text: a bug off the glass and tosses its head back, scarfing and
text: gobbling, the bug squirming dow its gullet. The creature
text: then flaps off and vanishes as abruptly as it appeared.
text: A long beat of frozen silence, and then:
text: Suddenly, more "birds" appear,
text: feeding frenzy. They start THUMPING the glass, crashing into
text: it -- WHAM, WHAM, WHAM! The glass starts eracking from the
text: repeated impacts, threatening to give way.
text: swarming like seagulis in a
dialog: os.
text: Utter pandemonium ensues: people screaming, some sobbing,
text: many running to the back of the store.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: DOUSE THE LIGHTS!
text: People scatter in all directions to extinguish the lanterns,
text: some pressing their hands against the glass to keep it from
text: imploding, everybody yelling at once.
speaker_heading: IN AN AISLE
text: Hattie screams as a flood of people rush past toward the back,
text: protecting Billy from the stampede. An OLD LADY falls right
text: in front of them, screaming as she gets run over.
speaker_heading: AT THE FRONT
text: THUMP, THUMP, THUMP -- the pterodactyl-birds are striking the
text: windows, glass cracking and crazing under the assault, and:
text: WHAM! One of them hits the glass and a corner chunk of window
text: falls in, smashing on the ground -- a hole is now Opened up.
text: A BUG scurries through, comes down the glass and onto the
text: bags of fertilizer. A sentry, TOM SMALLEY, gapes up at it in
text: horror, smashes it with a mop handle. The bug falls writhing
text: to the floor. Smalley slips, goes to his knees, whacking it
text: over and over, trying to kill it, as ANGLE WHIPS TO:
text: David dunking a mop into a bucket of lighter fluid, yelling:
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: OLLIE, WE GOTTA PLUG THAT HOLE!
text: They look over, see Smalley whacking the bug, but:
dialog: 
text: Above him, more bugs are entering, climbing ovt across the
text: barricade bags, taking to the air, swarming. People are running
text: and screaming, trying to kill them with mop handles. .
text: Amanda's in the thick of it, swinging a garden rake. She
text: impales a bug in mid-air, slams it to the ground, whacks it
text: to pieces. She ducks as another bug whizzes past her head
text: like a huge hornet, heading towara Sally...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: SALLY, LOOK OUT!
text: +-but Sally turns too late, the bug ramming its stinger deep
text: in her neck. She SCREAMS and falls to the floor, trying to
text: tear it away. People rush in, including Jessup, flailing with
text: jackets and stomping the bug, as ANGLE WHIPS BACK TO:
text: David, as he sees: a 50-pound bag of fertilizer at the top of
text: Smalley's barricade is shifting, about to fall.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: SMALLEY, LOOK OUT, HEADS UP!
text: But Smalley never even hears him -- the bag slides, SLAMS
text: down on his head, lays him out cold, as:
text: A _pterodactyl-bird pokes through the opening in the glass,
text: beak gnashing. It scrambles through, wings folded, perch. ng
text: on the bags like a gargoyle.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: SHOOT IT! SHOOT IT!
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: I CAN'T! I'LL HIT THE GLASS!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: GIMME A LIGHT! I NEED FIRE!
text: Joe Eagleton comes running with his Zippo lighter, fumbling
text: the wheel, getting sparks but ho flame, as:
text: The "bird" tilts its head, eyeing Smalley unconscious on the
text: £loor below it. The creature hops down onto Smalley's back,
text: landing in a flap-and-flutter of wings, and then:
text: To everybody's horror, the creature dips its head and rips
text: Smalley's neck away in a gout of blood with its beak, shrieking
text: as it throws its head back and starts to feed...
text: Amanda grabs a three-pack of disposable lighters from the
text: impulse rack, desperately trying to rip the package open, as:
text: A second "bird" comes through the hole, flapping into the air
text: over their heads and sailing down an aisle. Ollie turns and
text: runs after it, gun aimed, trying to get a clear shot...
text: Amanda gets a lighter out, tosses the remainder of the package
text: to Joe. She starts desperately trying to get a flame, but:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Goddamn child-proofing sons of
dialog: bitches!
text: She gets a flame, thrusts it. David's mop erupts in flames,
dialog: WHOOSH, instant torch. 7
text: He rushes forward, jabbing the flaming weapon at the monster
text: feeding on Smalley. The creature shrieks and flaps, fighting
text: back, clawing the air in fury, gobbets of bloody flesh caught
text: in its teeth.
text: fluid from a can. The fluid sprays the monster, soaking it,
dialog: kes to the
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WU.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: lies convulsing on the floor, the sting from the bug swelling
text: her neck up to twice its size, face and neck going black and
text: blue, dying horribly before our eyes, Jessup kneeling in a
text: helpless white-hot panic, grabbing her flailing hand...
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: -.-don't do this, Sally, don't do
dialog: this, you're gonna be okay...
text: ANGLE WHIP-PANS with Joe as he runs to a mop standing ina
text: bucket of charcoal fluid, frantic. He pulls the mop, ignites
text: it with a Bic -- WHOOSH, up it goes -- but he trips on the
text: bucket and goes sprawling, lighter fluid everywhere, and:
dialog: 
text: WHOOM! He's caught in a fiery explosion, FIREBALL rising to
text: the ceiling, Joe writhing and screaming in the flames. Men
text: come running, trying to slap out the flames with furniture
text: pads, everybody screaming, sheer chaos:
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: WHERE ARE THE GODDAMN EXTINGUISHERS?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: ducks as pterodactyl-bird #1 flaps past his head wrapped in
text: £lames, dropping burning pieces of itself. David pursues it
text: with his mop, the creature shrieking and burning and bashing
text: into shelves, bringing down cans and jars. David chases it
text: down, smacks it to the floor, beating it to death, while:
speaker_heading: OLLIE
text: races down the aisles, yelling for people to get down, trying
text: to get a clear shot at Bird #2 as it shrieks and flaps through
text: the air. Somewhere, Mrs. Carmody is screaming, exultant:
speaker_heading: MRS. CARMODY (0.S.)}
dialog: "...a great voice from the temple
dialog: Saying to the seven angels, go your
text: ways, and pour out the vials of the
dialog: Wrath of God upon the earth..."
text: Ollie almost gets a shot off, but a SHRIEKING WOMAN with a
text: toddler suddenly pops up in his sights -- he barel manages
text: to avoid shooting her, holds his fire as the "bird" rises up,
text: circling off over the aisles...
speaker_heading: POV OF BIRD #2
text: zooming in flight over the store, passing the aisles below,
text: people running and screaming, and our POV soars over Mrs.
text: Carmody gazing up and shouting:
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: "..,and there fell a noisome and
dialog: grievous sore upon men which had
dialog: the mark of the beast..."
scene_heading: FRONT OF THE STORE
text: Men blast the flames with extinguishers. David runs in, pulis
text: Joe from the fire, Amanda smothering his flames, while:
text: THE HOLE IN THE WINDOW
text: CAMERA PUSHES IN as a monstrous CENTIPEDE pokes its head over
text: the lip, squirms through, its million scrambling legs rattling
text: over the bags and down the front of the barricade and onto:
speaker_heading: THE FLOOR
text: It comes fast toward us, the size of a huge boa constrictor,
text: mandibles clacking, streaming up the aisle toward:
text: Billy. Held by Hattie Turman. Both frozen in utter shock and
text: terror, mouths gaping in silent screams as the huge centipede-
text: thing bears down on them like a speeding train.
text: Suddenly, Irene Reppler lunges into frame, bellowing like a
text: lunatic, a can of Raid (the big size) in each hand. She sprays
text: the centipede-thing right in the face. It recoils, chittering
text: and convulsing as she coats it with insect killer.
text: Irene strikes a wooden kitchen match, using it to turn a can
text: of Raid into a flamethrower -- WHOOOSH! The centipede bursts
text: into flames, whipping and convulsing as it gets barbecued.
text: Irene goes marching up the aisle toward the front of the store,
text: grabbing a cheap tennis racket from a display as she goes.
scene_heading: THE FRONT OF THE STORE
text: The men are reeling, scrambling to plug that hole in the glass.
text: David jams a mop handle up there, shoving hard to keep a third
text: screeching, flapping pterodactyl-bird from getting in.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: HELP! WE GOTTA PLUG THIS HOLE!
text: A BUG suddenly scurries from behind the bags, skittering onto
text: his arm and poising its stinger. David SCREAMS, but can't let
text: go of the mop or the "bird" will get in. Suddenly:
text: Irene appears at David's side, blasting the bug with Raid. It
text: reels back and she whacks it to paste with the tennis racket
dialog: for good measure, screaming at the men:
speaker_heading: IRENE
text: PLUG THE GODDAMN THING!
dialog: tae
text: Mike, Dan, and a few others come running with a sheet of
text: plywood, struggle it up onto the barricade, lay it flat against
text: the glass, Dan taping it in place like mad, while:
speaker_heading: PRODUCE SECTION
text: A MAN runs as pterodactyl-bird #2 comes flapping up behind
text: him and slams him to the floor. The man struggles, SCREAMING
text: as the creature tries to tear his face off, and:
text: BLAM! A bullet smacks through the creature, flipping it off
text: the man. The monster shrieks, struggling to rise. Ollie, down
text: at the far end of the aisle, FIRES again and blows the thing's
text: head apart. It dies in a thrashing heap.
speaker_heading: FRONT OF STORE
text: The last few lanterns are doused, plunging the store into
text: final darkness. All we're left with is the faint, otherworldly
text: sodium-vapor glow seeping in from the parking lot lamps, as:
text: CAMERA DRIFTS PAST their faces...dazed disbelief, bone-deep
text: shock...past Tom Smalley lying facedown and dead in a pool of
text: blood...past Joe on the floor, moaning with third-degree burns,
text: charred hands looking like claws...
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: -.-0h God...I'm hurt...ain'’t I hurt
dialog: bad, though...oh God...
text: ...and we come to Sally, dead and staring, neck horribly
text: swollen, Jessup weeping over her. David's on his knees at
text: Joe's side, staring at Sally, aghast. He looks up, meeting
text: Amanda's gaze, as:
scene_heading: . TERRIFIED WOMAN
dialog: She was right. She said it would
dialog: happen like this. She said they'd
dialog: come at night. She told us that
dialog: girl would die.
text: All eyes go to Mrs. Carmody, who's watching everything with a
text: brittle smile of intense satisfaction...
text: WE FADE TO BLACK AND BRING UP A TITLE:
speaker_heading: THE FIRST NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. MARKET - NIGHT
text: We're hearing sounds in the night...things moving around in
text: the Mist in the dark...distant, raptor-like shrieks...the
text: flappings of strange wings...the deep grunts of huge unseen
text: beasts in a world now primordial...
dialog: M3.
text: People huddle in the dark (lit only by tea-candles) like our
text: ancestors in their caves, just trying to get through the
text: night...exhausted, dazed with disbelief, etched with despair...
text: Some are tossing in sleep. Some are awake, looking like they'll
text: never sleep again. Some are drunk and passed out; some are ,
text: drinking and trying to get there. Some are just hugging their
text: knees and staring at nothing, minds gone bye-bye.
text: The three soldiers are chainsmoking and sharing a bottle of
text: Jack Daniels. Jessup is shellshocked, numb.
text: ANGLE FINDS the only person who seems to be thriving in this
text: horror: Mrs. Carmody. She's on an altar-like sprawl of crates,
text: lit by votive candles, preaching in a low hypnotic monotone
text: to the FOUR PEOPLE who have joined her.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: is slumped, dozing. Irene and Hattie are asleep. Across from
text: him is Amanda, curled up with Billy on a furniture pad.
text: David comes fully awake. He realizes Amanda's watching him. A
text: long look passes between them. In whispers:
speaker_heading: ° AMANDA
dialog: This isn't going to end. Is it?
text: David says nothing. She reaches her hand across the floor,
dialog: touches his. There's a connection growing here...possibly an
text: uncomfortable one. David checks the time, whispers:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: My turn on watch. I won't be far.
dialog: Just up there. Okay?
text: She nods. David rises, drapes a flashlight with fabric to
text: keep the beam dim, heads off.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
text: is watching over the injured as best he can, making do with
text: Slim over-the-counter resources. Joe has serious third-degree
text: burns, shivering and moaning under a furniture pad, half-
text: conscious. The lady who got trampled has her broken arm in a
text: makeshift sling. A few other people have cuts and bruises.
text: David drifts from the gioom, joins Ollie. Buddy Eagleton is
text: there too, keeping vigil over his burned brother.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Joe? How you holding up, partner?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: D--David? That you?
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah, pal. How you doing?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: {anguished)
dialog: It's bad. He's bad.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Yeah. Jesus. Didn't know anything
dialog: could hurt like this...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you guys can't help me, you gotta
dialog: end it, okay? Ollie's got that gun,
dialog: right? Right?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: No, uh-uh, no way.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You can't fuck around with me on
dialog: this, bro. Not with me like this.
dialog: (eyes on them, pleading)
dialog: I'll do it. Just gimme the gun...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We're not there yet, okay?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: ---Please..-.please...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Joe, now listen. We're gonna work
dialog: something out. Just hang on a little
dialog: more. Will you do that?
dialog: (to Buddy)
dialog: Stay with him. We'll be back.
text: Buddy nods. David motions for Ollie to follow him. They rise,
text: heading toward the front of the store, whispering:
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: We can't just do nothing while Joe
dialog: dies.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I know. I've been thinking.
dialog: (off Ollie's look)
text: About that pharmacy next door.
text: David motions him toward the barricade.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
text: carefully pulls away from Billy so as not to wake him, crawls
dialog: to Hattie, whispers:
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Hattie? I need to go to the bathroom.
dialog: Will you watch Billy?
dialog: {no response)
dialog: Hattie?
text: She touches Hattie's shoulder -- and freezes. Something's
text: very wrong. Filling with dread, Amanda reaches for a tea
text: candle, brings the light closer...
scene_heading: TIGHT ON HATTIE
text: ++-.revealing Hattie's eyes staring...dead. As Amanda shifts
text: the light, CAMERA PANS to reveal a bottle of prescription
text: pills lying empty next to Hattie's hand.
scene_heading: FRONT OF THE STORE
text: David and Ollie find Dan Miller on watch. David waves Mike
text: Hatlen over. They crouch together, speaking in whispers:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: The last of those bugs went away
text: around four. Dawn's coming soon.
dialog: (glances up)
dialog: What's on your mind?
text: David gestures to Ollie -- tell ‘em.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: It's Joe. If we don't get him on
dialog: some serious antibiotics, he'll die
dialog: of infection. Plus he needs
dialog: painkillers in the worst way. Pain’s
text: So bad he's asking for the gun.
dialog: . (off their grim looks)
dialog: All we have here is aspirin and
dialog: liquor.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: You're thinking about that pharmacy
dialog: next door...
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: They've got Silvadene, the stuff
dialog: they use in burn wards. Plus
dialog: bandages, penicillin, oxycontin...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Whoa, slow down...
dialog: (to David)
dialog: You actually considering this?
dialog: Te.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: For a start. I've also been thinking
dialog: beyond that.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: I've been weighing this very
dialog: carefully. We have to get out of
dialog: here. I mean permanently.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Why? We got plenty to eat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's not about the supplies. What
dialog: happens when one of those things
dialog: decides to break through this window?
dialog: I'm talking one of the big ones, like
dialog: the one that killed Norm. What do we
dialog: do then, fight it off with mops?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: I've been wondering the same thing.
text: This window's hanging by a thread.
dialog: Anyway, the flaming torch idea didn't
dialog: work out so well, did it? We almost
dialog: burned the goddamn store down.
text: They look up as a figure appears from the darkness -- Amanda,
text: looking pale and drawn. She whispers:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: It's Hattie.
speaker_heading: BACK OF STORE
text: Amanda brings them down the aisle. Billy's still asleep. Irene
text: is sitting with Hattie's body. She looks up, whispers:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I'll watch Billy.
text: The men quietly gather up the corners of the furniture pad
dialog: Hattie's lying o:
text: IN THE LOADING DOCK
text: -+-and bring the body in. Amanda clicks on a flashlight. They
text: lay the body atop boxes next to the two other corpses already
dialog: there: Tom Smalley and Sally.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (shaken, near tears)
dialog: I don't know how long she was there
text: like that. Lying there next to us.
dialog: I thought she was sleeping.
text: David looks to the men, growing more determined than ever.
dialog: We
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I've got my four wheel drive out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You're talking about leaving?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We'll try for the pharmacy first,
dialog: bring back supplies for the injured.
dialog: If we don't, Joe Bagleton's gonna
dialog: die, and we can't let that happen.
dialog: After that...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, I can fit eight people in my
dialog: Scout. I say we drive south as far
dialog: as the fuel takes us, hope we get
dialog: clear of this mist.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: That's it? That's the plan?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's all I've got.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You can't mean it. Not after what
dialog: happened to Norton and his group.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: They went like lambs to slaughter.
dialog: Doesn't mean we have to. Amanda,
dialog: think. Norton got over two hundred
dialog: feet from this store. I'm parked
dialog: less than half that distance from
dialog: here. If that.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: But who knows how far this mist has
dialog: spread? Could be the entire eastern
dialog: seaboard!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hell, Mike, could be the entire world
dialog: for all we know. We'd be just as
dialog: dead either way, wouldn't we?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We have one gun. And how Many rounds?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: I fired two. That leaves ten.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Ten rounds, Jesus...
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay, so, ten. You want another
dialog: reason to get the hell out of here?
dialog: I'll give you the best one...her.
dialog: Mrs. Carmody. Our very own Jim Jones.
dialog: I'd like to leave before people
dialog: start drinking the Kool Aid, y'know?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: He's right. The flakier people get,
dialog: the better she's gonna look.
speaker_heading: MIKE :
dialog: No, guys, that's just crazy. It's
dialog: obvious she's nuts. Who's gonna :
dialog: listen to her? |
speaker_heading: AMANDA i
dialog: You heard that woman out there after :
dialog: Sally died. That's one true believer.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I count four. She's preaching to i
dialog: them right now. By noon she'll have i
dialog: four more. By tomorrow night, when :
dialog: those things come back, she'll have i
dialog: a congregation. Then we can start :
dialog: worrying about who she's gonna
dialog: sacrifice to make it all better. :
dialog: You, Mike? One of the women? My a
dialog: little boy? :
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: He’s right.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You don't have much faith in
dialog: humanity, do you?
dialog: None whatsoever.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (looks to David)
dialog: I can't accept that. I believe people
dialog: are basically good. Decent. My God,
dialog: David, we're a civilized society!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Sure. As long as the machines are
dialog: working and you can dial 911. You
dialog: take those things away, toss people
dialog: in the dark, scare the shit out of
dialog: them, no more rules, you'll see how
dialog: primitive they get. Scare people
dialog: badly enough, you'll get 'em to do
dialog: anything.
dialog: iy.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: That's right. They'll turn to
dialog: whatever promises a solution. Grasp
dialog: at any straw.
text: In quiet emphasis, he places Hattie's empty pill bottle on
text: her chest, covers her face with the furniture pad.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Ollie, help me, back me up here.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: With what? The Holocaust? Rwanda?
dialog: The Inquisition? 9-11? Read the
dialog: papers, Mike. As a species, we're
dialog: fundamentally insane. You get more
dialog: than two of us in a room together,
dialog: we start dreaming up reasons to
dialog: kill one another. Why do you think
dialog: we invented politics and religion?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I'm not convinced.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Nobody has to decide anything now.
dialog: First thing's first -- the pharmacy.
dialog: That'll be our test run, okay?
text: — WE FADE TO BLACK AND BRING UP A TITLE:
text: THE EXPEDITION TO THE PHARMACY
scene_heading: INT. MARKET - DAY
text: David facing his son, who's on the verge of tears:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I don’t want you to.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's all right, Big Bill. I'11 bring
dialog: you back that Spiderman comic book.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I don't want it. I want you to stay
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Billy. We have to get out sooner or
dialog: later. You see that, don't you?
speaker_heading: BILLY
text: When the fog goes away...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's been a whole day now.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy...Daddy, there are things out
dialog: there. Things.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: There are a lot less of them in the
dialog: daytime.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (draws close, whispering)
dialog: They'll wait. They'll wait in the
dialog: fog where you can't see ‘em. And
dialog: when you go out and can't get back
dialog: in, they'll come eat you up.
dialog: (fierce, panicky hug)
dialog: Daddy, don't go.
speaker_heading: . DAVID
dialog: I'll be back, Billy. I promise.
text: The boy starts to cry, helplessly and deeply. David glances
text: up at Amanda, who takes Billy. David rises, as:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: (quiet, intense)
dialog: If something happens...anything at
dialog: all...you cut and run. Get your ass
dialog: back in here. For your boy’s sake.
text: He slips something into her hand, whispers in her ear:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Something happens to me, the Scout's
dialog: yours. Look after Billy the best
dialog: you can as long as you can.
text: She looks down, sees that he's given her his car keys. He
text: goes to the front of the store as ANGLE WIDENS TO FIND:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: And where do you think you're going,
dialog: Mr. David Drayton? Are you so anxious
dialog: to make your boy an orphan?
text: People are gathering, watching, as:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: My boy is no concern of yours.
dialog: (to everybody)
dialog: Listen up. We're going over to the
dialog: pharmacy. We need to bring back
dialog: supplies to help our injured. Also
dialog: there may be people trapped over
dialog: there who need help.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: We're not taking any chances, folks.
dialog: At the first sign of trouble, we'll
dialog: pop back into the market--
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: And bring the fiends of hell down
dialog: on our heads, say thankya!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: She's right! You'll make them notice
dialog: us! You'll make them come! Why can't
dialog: you just leave well enough alone?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Lady, this what you call well enough?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You wanna stop us? Fine. But first
dialog: explain to Buddy here why we're not
dialog: getting painkillers and medicine
dialog: for his brother. .
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Screw that, I'm going. Even if 1
dialog: have to go alone.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: (to Buddy)
dialog: And you will die out there! You'll
dialog: step out that door and be torn apart!
dialog: . (to David)
dialog: Then your hellbound pride will get
dialog: us killed. They'll come for the rest
dialog: of us just as this good woman says!
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: You gonna let that happen? It's
dialog: this sort of hubris...this sort of
dialog: pride in defiance of God that brought
dialog: the Final Wrath upon us! It's death!
dialog: It’s deeaaaa--
text: And whack! A can of peas flies out of nowhere and smacks her
text: in the head. Her head sna
text: ips back, dazed and stunned. She looks
dialog: around, realizing it was:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Shut up, you miserable old buzzard.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Harlot! Whore!
dialog: (points)
dialog: She serves the Foul One! She serves
dialog: Satan!
dialog: |
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Bullshit. Stoning people who piss
dialog: you off is perfectly okay. Says so
dialog: in the Bible.
text: Amanda picks up another can of peas, hefts it.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: And I got lots of peas.
text: Carmody looks around, sees people turning away, realizes the
text: spell she was weaving is broken. Softly:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: There will be a reckoning, missy
dialog: bitch. You'll be the first chosen,
dialog: mark my word.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: We don't have all day to listen to
dialog: your horseshit. Let's go.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (to the soldiers)
dialog: How about it, Army? Any help from
dialog: the armed forces here?
text: Bisby and Donaldson trade dark looks, drift away.
speaker_heading: BISBY —
dialog: Fuck it. :
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I'll go.
text: ‘They gather at the door, a group of nine with a makeshift
text: arsenal of knives, crowbars, sharpened mop handles. We have
text: David (ax), Ollie (gun), Irene (carry-basket full of Raid,
text: Plus her tennis racket), Jessup (somebody hands him a butcher
text: knife), Dan, Mike, Buddy Eagleton, Arnie Simms...and Jim
text: Grondin, looking way bleary and hungover.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What'cha gonna do with that there
dialog: tennis racket, Mrs. Reppler?
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Maybe whonk you upside the head,
dialog: for a start.
dialog: (peers at him)
dialog: Jim Grondin, isn't it? Didn't I
dialog: have you in school?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (umeasy smile)
dialog: Yes'm. Me and my sister Pauline.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Pair of underachievers. After you,
dialog: Jim.
text: She straight-arms the door open, staring, waiting for him to
text: step out. Looking shit-scared, he does. The others follow.
text: People are drawn to the windows, watching, as:
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET - DAY
text: Dan takes the lead, followed by David, Ollie, the others. It
text: truly is another world out here, silent, eerie as hell.
text: CAMERA DRIFTS in slow and ominous ways, tracking our group
text: through the Mist as they move single file, weapons poised.
text: The market is lost within yards, gone in the Mist. The only
text: thing they have to go by now is the walkway connecting the
text: market and pharmacy. A trashcan looms by, and then:
text: Dan Miller pauses up ahead. He's found the pharmacy door.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Oh, dear God, look at this.
text: Ollie and David move up, seeing:
text: An arm is stretched across the threshold, stiff and white,
text: dead hand poised as if clawing the pavement...
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM INSIDE PHARMACY
text: ++-and we find a body sprawled there, minus its head.
text: The group gathers in the open doorway, the old wooden doors
text: propped wide. Jim looks ready to puke or run. He turns away,
text: but Irene prods him in the chest with her tennis racket .
speaker_heading: / IRENE
text: Steady.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Their a.c. was out. They had the
text: doors propped wide open.
text: CAMERA PULLS SLOWLY BACK, revealing the store, as, softly:
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: I seem to be running out of hope,
dialog: David.
text: The Pharmacy is a scene of carnage, but even more than that,
text: it's been transformed into something beyond weird: it's like
text: a white cave in here, walls and ceiling festooned with what
text: appears to be silk.
dialog: 
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BUDDY .
dialog: Whatever came in here, looks like
text: it's gone.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Let's keep our eyes open anyway.
text: They enter, tense as hell, flashlights sweeping the misty .
text: air, illuminating the silky stuff...it’s everywhere, connecting
text: floors to ceiling, shrouding shelves and counters.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: What on earth happened here? What
dialog: the hell got in?
text: David pauses at a rack of comic books. He grabs a Spiderman,
text: a Hellboy, a Goon, jams them in his back pocket.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Where do they keep the meds?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Back there, I think. I can barely
dialog: see for all this stuff.
text: The silk is getting thicker the further in they go. They get
text: to the pharmacist's divided area, find the door open.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Ollie, you and me.
scene_heading: INSIDE PHARMACIST'S CUBICLE
text: They dart inside, Ollie scanning the shadows with his gun,
text: David playing the flashlight beam around. Ollie finds what
text: they're looking for, starts grabbing things off the shelves
text: and jamming them fast into a grocery bag...
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Silvadene, perfect. Penicillin. See
dialog: any Vicodin? Oxycontin?
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE CUBICLE
text: The others are tense, waiting. PUSH IN ON Dan, listening,
text: starting to hear scuttling sounds.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Guys. Hurry. I'm hearing something.
speaker_heading: what? DAVID (0.S.)
text: Jim steps TIGHT INTO FRAME, looking up, also listening.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Something fuckin weird.
speaker_heading: BO.
text: Jessup sweeps his flashlight around, suddenly seeing something
text: in the glare of his beam...
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: Oh, fuck...
text: ;:-it's a dead human being tangled in the silk, embedded in
text: it, arms and legs outstretched at extreme angles 1 mouth wide
text: in a silent scream. David and Ollie exit the cubicle, as:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: {starts to weep) _
dialog: Oh, God, no...no, no, no...
text: Their flashlights beams start finding other bodies in the
text: silk, bodies all around us, strung like macabre Halloween
text: splays, faces frozen and desiccated in death, hands contorted
dialog: into claws...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (breathless whisper)
dialog: This silk...it's...oh, Christ, I
dialog: think it's webs...we have to leave...
text: Jim is wide-eyed with horror, backing toward the door, when:
text: A_FIGURE embedded in the silk behind him suddenl reaches out
text: and grabs him with a horrible GROAN. dim turns and SCREAMS.
text: It's the M.P. we saw earlier in the market, his face a ghastly
text: parchment white, barely able to speak:
dialog: M.P.
dialog: --80rry...I'm sorry...all our
dialog: fault...help me...please help me...
text: David and Ollie push Jim aside, try to pull the M.P. free.
text: The M.P. suddenly starts convulsing, and they realize:
text: There are things crawling under his skin -- writhing, moving
text: lumps. The M.P. claws at his shirt, convulsing ever harder,
text: ripping buttons open, exposing skin...
text: His entire torso is movin » heaving, swelling with countless
text: moving lumps. Our group backs off in horror, as:
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: hears a noise from above (like a faint bullwhip crack) and
text: looks up as a streamer of white silk flies at his face. He
text: jerks aside, it misses him by inches.
text: The sounds start erupting all around them, streamers of ‘silk
text: shooting out from all directions, as HUGE, SPIDER-LIKE SHAPES
text: the size of dogs scuttle into view all around them, riding
text: the contours of silk, surrounding them, cutting them off,
text: making horrific MEWLING sounds...
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: THE DOOR! GO!
text: But a streamer suddenly snares Buddy Eagleton's thigh, twining
text: and slicing corrosively through his jeans. Blood bursts out
text: as his jeans leg falls away and Buddy goes sprawling...
speaker_heading: BUDDY -
dialog: OH JESUS THAT HURTS!
text: David and Jessup grab him, pull him clumsily to his feet, as
text: huge SPIDER-SHAPES in the silk block their path to the exit.
scene_heading: A SPIDER-THING
text: looms into the light, revealed: twelve oddly jointed legs,
text: body glistening and hairy...but most nightmarish of all, its
text: face is vaguely suggestive of a human's, and it's grinning.
text: Ollie raises the pistol, SHOOTS it between the eyes. The thing
text: cartwheels back into the silk, spewing black ichor-like blood.
text: Another drops from the silk. David buries his ax in it.
text: Behind them, the M.P. SHRIEKS like a soul in hell, jerking in
text: his silk cocoon prison, his body now undulating with whatever's
text: under his skin, swelling like a balloon about to burst...
text: The M.P.'s convulsing so hard he rips free of the silk, falling
text: forward, and as he impacts the floor, he splits open like a
dialog: vipe chrysalis, and:
text: “A Elood of SPIDER-BABIES comes pouring from his body across
text: the floor, streaming and scuttling, hundreds of them, mewling
text: Tike kittens, faces grinning and insane...
text: David and the others make for the door as best they can, David
text: and Ollie dragging Buddy between them, his lips already blue
text: from blood loss, already going into shock...
text: Crack, crack -- streamers shooting out of the web maze. one
text: wraps around Mike Hatlen's arm, sinking into his flesh. He
text: SCREAMS. Arnie grabs him, tries to pull him free, but:
text: A streamer comes whip-thwack around Mike's neck. His eyes go
text: wide as his jugular erupts and he goes down with a strangled
text: sound, thrashing weakly as he gets pulled away into the
text: webbing. The newborn SPIDER-BABIES come swarming, lapping up
text: his blood like kittens, covering him in an undulating wave...
text: Arnie SCREAMS, turns to run, but:
text: An adult SPIDER-THING pops from the silk and rears onto its
text: back set of legs, nailing him right in the face with silk-goo
text: shot from an orifice in its belly.
text: Irene runs up, spraying the thing with Raid. The creature
text: lets out a MEWLING SHRIEK from the depths of hell, falls back
text: in_a scurrying/thrashing heap, and vanishes into the web maze
text: pulling Arnie with it. Again, spider-babies come running,
text: trailing the human prize into the silken darkness...
text: Our group keeps making for the.door, bashing webbing aside,
text: spider-babies swarming at their ankles, Irene screaming and
text: spraying Raid, scattering them back, David and Ollie and Jessup
text: @ragging Buddy, Jim Grondin just screaming over and over again
dialog: like he may never stop...
text: A SPIDER-THING drops before them, twisting and grinning on
text: its silk, and BLAM, gets a bullet from Ollie for its trouble,
text: and then they're out the door with Dan leading the way...
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: -.,and they're dragging Buddy, shapes all around them, spider-
text: things in the Mist. A huge one pops out of the trashcan they
text: passed earlier, scurries over the side and onto the pavement,
text: barring their path. Ollie levels the gun, pulls the trigger
text: with a dry-empty snap, out of bullets, and Dan shoves him
text: aside, screaming, and impales the goddam thing with his
text: prybar, driving it back in a squealing explosion of black
text: blood and flailing legs, and David and Ollie are dragging
dialog: Buddy Eagleton between them, but:
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: David! David, he’s dead! Let him
dialog: go! They got his artery!
text: And they drop Buddy right there on the pavement, running for
text: their lives, and as they get to the door of the market they
text: look back and the last thing they see is Buddy's corpse getting
text: swarmed by spider-things, spinning their webs and grinning
text: their grins and mewling like cats...
scene_heading: INT. MARKET - DAY
text: -;:and then the survivors are back inside, reeling in the
text: aftermath of lunacy and nightmare, everybody in the market
text: just staring as Billy comes running, hurls himself sobbing
text: into his father's arms, and Jim just screams and screams and
text: screams, his mind totally gone...
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: (Laughing)
dialog: So? How'd it go?
text: -..and Jim's screams just keep echoing as WE FADE TO BLACK
text: AND BRING UP A TITLE:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY AND THE SOLDIERS
speaker_heading: EEE eS
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MARKET - DAY
text: TIGHT ON DAVID'S FACE, asleep, curled into a fetal bail,
text: tortured by dreams. His eyes come open, hearing:
speaker_heading: MRS. CARMODY (0.S.)
dialog: ---expiation. It's expiation we
dialog: wanna think about now. We have been
text: scourged with whips and scorpions.
dialog: We have seen the lips of the earth
text: vomit forth obscenities of nightmare.
dialog: The rock will not hide them, the
text: dead trees give no shelter. And how
dialog: will it end? What will stop it?
speaker_heading: VOICES (0.8.)
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: -.-expiation...expiation...
text: David sits up, bleary, trying to focus his thoughts.
text: Amanda sits across from him, watching him, her arms wrapped
text: protectively around Billy. Billy looks exhausted and scared.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Daddy? You okay?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (nods)
dialog: How long have I been out?
speaker_heading: AMANDA .
dialog: Most of the day. You just came over
dialog: here, laid down, and went to sleep.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Passed out, more like it. Just shut
dialog: down for a while. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You needed it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It. was bad...wasn't it?.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah. Bad.
text: Ollie appears, trailed by Irene and Ambrose Cornell.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How's Joe?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: He died of his burns while you were
dialog: asleep. We were too late.
text: David absorbs this, glances up at Mrs. Carmody's voice.
dialog: 
dialog: wy.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I thought I was dreaming her voice.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: No dream. It's like some kind of
text: crazy church service over there.
text: She's getting people whipped up.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Over a dozen. But more than that
dialog: are listening.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: They're giving her credit for knowing
dialog: Buddy would die out there. And Sally
dialog: before that. Even Norton's group,
dialog: when they went out. She's got tem
dialog: thinking she's psychic, like she's
dialog: got some kinda direct line to God.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Why wouldn't they? Woman never shuts
dialog: up. Like those speeches Castro used
dialog: to make. It's a goddamn filibuster.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Jesus got nothin' to do with it, son.
dialog: She's been talking human sacrifice.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Yeah. Seems to be her growth stock.
text: David struggles to his feet, still a bit woozy.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Ollie told us you're thinking of
dialog: leaving. I'm in.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No. Sorry. I can't walk out that
dialog: door again. Ever.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: You saw what happened to Buddy.
dialog: Mike. Arnie. I won't do that again.
dialog: I won't be responsible. I won't.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: You may have to reconsider.
dialog: yu.
text: They exit the aisle, find Myron LaFleur and Dan Miller watching
text: Mrs. Carmody from a distance. David looks down toward the
dialog: produce section, where:
text: The crazy woman is leading her "service," working it like an
text: old-time fire-and-brimstone tent revival. People are crowded
text: around, others scattered about, as:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Expiation! Let me hear you say it
dialog: like you mean it!
speaker_heading: VARIOUS PEOPLE
dialog: -.-expiation...expiation...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (shouting the loudest)
scene_heading: EXPIATION! EXPIATION!
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Welcome to Sesame Street. Today's
dialog: word is "expiation."
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Is that...Jim?
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: That boy has not been right since
dialog: the pharmacy. His mind's just
text: snapped. Gone.
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: (watching his friend)
dialog: I just cannot fuckin believe this...
speaker_heading: JIM
text: is staring with bright, fevered eyes, as:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Expiation, that's right! It's
dialog: expiation gonna clear off these
dialog: monsters and abominations! Expiation
dialog: gonna drop the scales from our eyes
dialog: and let us see! And what does the
dialog: Bible say expiation is? What is the
dialog: only cleanser for sin in the Eye
dialog: and Mind of God?
speaker_heading: JIM
speaker_heading: BLOOD!
scene_heading: TIGHT ON DAVID
text: Watching. Horror seeping into his bones. He notices:
dialog: gh.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S POV
text: Mr. Mackey, the butcher, is one of Carmody's group. He has
text: his back to us. A gleaming butcher's knife, crusted with dried
text: blood, is tucked in the back of his apron strings. Suddenly:
text: Mackey turns...looks over his shoulder at David, meeting his
text: gaze. Mackey’s eyes are vacant. He looks back to Mrs. Carmody.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Blood! It's blood that is demanded!
dialog: Blood that will wash away our
dialog: corruption and sin! Blood!
speaker_heading: FAVORING DAVID
speaker_heading: MYRON
dialog: Well, this is just so much bullshit.
dialog: We gotta put a stop to it just about
dialog: any way we can. ‘
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Myron, wait, no--
text: But Myron goes over to Jim, grabs him by the shoulder to try
text: to talk sense to him. Suddenly, we can hear Jim yelling...
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: No, you shut up! You! It’s still a
dialog: free goddamn country, so shut up if
dialog: you know what's good for ya!
text: ---and WHAM, Jim punches Myron in the mouth, lays him out on
text: the floor, starts kicking him. Myron scurries away, clutching
dialog: his bleeding mouth, as:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Another unbeliever! But he'll
dialog: believe, yes, he'll believe before
dialog: it's through...
speaker_heading: DAVID'S GROUP
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (softly)
dialog: It hasn't even been two days. Not
dialog: even two days.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: So much for the goodness of mankind.
dialog: Awful thing to say, but I'm glad
text: Mike's not alive to see it.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: What do you say we get out of this
dialog: loony bin, David?
text: David turns.
dialog: doesn't want
dialog: DLs
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: I intend to leave or die trying.
dialog: I'm not spending the rest of my
dialog: life in here, tell you what.
text: They're all looking to him. It's obvious he
dialog: that responsibility.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: I can quietly gather some bags of
text: groceries together, hide them up at
text: the checkstands by the door.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: It was your idea. It's your vehicle.
dialog: It'll be on your say-so.
text: David meets Amanda's eyes.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: _T think you were right before. And
dialog: even if you're wrong, you know what?
dialog: I'd rather die out there trying
dialog: than in here waiting.
dialog: {beat )
dialog: I would do anything...take any
dialog: chance...just to see the sun again,
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I want to know what this mist is.
dialog: Maybe it'll help us figure out what
dialog: we're up against.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: I want to talk to the soldiers.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: The soldiers? Why, what's that gonna
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Don't you remember what the M.P.
dialog: said in the pharmacy?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: David, I'm not even sure I knew he
dialog: was talking. The situation was a
dialog: littie insane.
speaker_heading: TRENE
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: He said he was.. -sSorry. That's the
dialog: word he used, wasn't it? *Sorry."
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: That's right. He said it was their
dialog: fault, didn't he?
dialog: ys.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: What did he mean by that?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's what we're going to find
dialog: out. Have you seen them?
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
dialog: Not since we got back from the
dialog: pharmacy. Them Army boys were looking
dialog: like scared rabbits.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Irene, look after Billy, please.
text: Irene nods. The others join David, looking for the soldiers.
speaker_heading: VARIOUS ANGLES
text: David and the others split up, walking the aisles, searching !
text: for any sign of the soldiers. They're nowhere to be seen. We i
text: hear Mrs. Carmody preaching throughout, the only sound in the
text: store, an unnerving and relentless backdrop:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY }
dialog: "...and the seventh angel poured
text: out his vial into the air, and there
text: came a great voice out of the temple
dialog: of heaven, from the throne, saying:
dialog: It is done...°
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS David alone now, searching, seeing people
text: scattered about the store, getting his share of hostile and
text: paranoid looks. Still no sign of any soldiers.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: "...and there were voices, lightnings
dialog: and thunders, and a great earthquake
dialog: such as was not seen since men were
dialog: upon the earth, so mighty an
dialog: earthquake, and so great..."
text: MURMURS from the crowd, a woman calling out: \
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: I felt that earthquake! I felt it!
text: David moves along the checkstands, notices:
text: Cigarette smoke rising from one of the checkouts. David moves
text: toward it, finds Jessup on the floor there. He's smoking,
text: jumpy as hell, hoping nobody notices him. He sees David.
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: What?
dialog: pa.
text: Ollie and Dan have noticed, start drifting over. Jessup sees
text: them coming. David crouches down.
dialog: big a store.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Where are your friends?
speaker_heading: JESSUP :
dialog: Dunno. Ain't seen 'em. :
speaker_heading: DAVID i
dialog: How could you lose ‘em? Not that :
text: Jessup tries to leave, but Ollie arrives and blocks his escape |
text: Path. Jessup shrinks back like a cornered cat.
speaker_heading: . JESSUP
dialog: I ain't seen 'em, I said. I look
dialog: like their keeper? What the fuck
dialog: you want from me?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What do you know about this mist?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: I don't know nothin’! Nothin'! 1
dialog: got nothin' to do with it!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: —_— That's not what the M.P. said. In
dialog: the pharmacy. Before the spiders
text: came out of his skin.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: I don't give a fuck. Leave me alone,
dialog: I said, you deaf?
text: Now Dan arrives, making Jessup even more skittish.
speaker_heading: DAN :
dialog: They're not in the store. Not even
dialog: the restrooms. Only place we haven't
text: checked is the loading dock.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (looks to Jessup)
dialog: That where they are? Loading dock?
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: I don't know. Maybe. Go see if you're
dialog: curious, just fuck off already.
speaker_heading: ; DAVID
dialog: I'd like you to come with us.
speaker_heading: ! JESSUP
dialog: ' Screw you.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (pause, quietly)
dialog: I_ know you're a hometown boy, but
dialog: that cuts you zero slack. Ollie
dialog: there has a gun. If you don't come
dialog: quietly, I'm going to ask him to
dialog: shoot you in the leg. He'll do it,
dialog: teo. And then we're gonna drag you.
text: Another pause. Jessup checking their faces. He crushes out
text: his cigarette, hands quavering...
speaker_heading: MOVING CAMERA
text: +..and they come down the aisle toward the loading dock,
text: drawing as little attention as they can, while:
speaker_heading: MRS. CARMODY (0.S.)}
dialog: "...and they gnawed their tongues
dialog: for pain and blasphemed the God of
dialog: heaven and repented not of their
dialog: deeds..."
speaker_heading: FAVORING JIM
text: listening to Carmody preach. He glances over, sees David's
text: group move into the loading dock, his curiosity rousing...
text: IN THE LOADING DOCK
text: David's group enters, spreading into the darkness, clicking
text: on flashlights. Eerie as hell in here, especially with the
text: earlier casualties laid out atop the boxes like some bizarre
text: funeral bier. Joe's burned corpse has joined the others.
text: David looks to Jessup, gives him a nod.
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: Bisby? Donaldson?
text: No reply...just choking darkness. Flashlight beams crawl,
text: making the shadows move in sinister ways.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Dammit, this is the only place they
dialog: can be.
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: Look, I told you, okay? I don't
dialog: know where they are, and I don't--
speaker_heading: AMBROSE
speaker_heading: JESUS!
text: Flashlights sweep upward. Amanda stifles a shriek. Two
text: uniformed figures hang in the shadows above them, feet
text: dangling, ghastly faces staring down, necks stretched at
dialog: 
dialog: 96.
text: horrific angles, clothesline connecting their necks to the
text: ceiling pipes above. Bisby and Donaldson.
text: David's flashlight travels down, the beam finding the chairs
text: they placed atop the stacks of boxes and kicked away to hang
text: themselves. Jessup gasps, breaks down in tears:
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: I didn't think they'd do it. They
dialog: said, but I didn't think they would.
dialog: Oh Jesus...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's the Arrowhead Project, isn't
dialog: it? This mist, it’s some kind of
dialog: military fuckup. What were you guys
dialog: messing with up there? Huh?
text: Jessup turns, runs for the door, bumps right into:
text: Jim. He's followed them in. Jessup screams in fright. Jim
text: grabs him, pulls him forward, CAMERA FOLLOWING as he hurls
text: him right through the swinging doors into: .
speaker_heading: THE MARKET
text: Jessup sprawls headlong, as:
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: IT'S THEM WHAT DONE IT TO US! THEM
text: WHAT BRUNG DOWN THE FINAL WRATH!
text: Jessup glances up, sees people coming from all around. David
text: and his group rush from the loading dock as people converge
dialog: from all points of the compass, but the scariest one is:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: (striding this way)
dialog: What's this? What's this?
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: It ain't my fault!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: I heard him! Those two peckerwoods
dialog: he was with went and hung '‘emselves!
dialog: They knew, they knew all along!
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: He's crazy! He doesn't know what
dialog: he's talking about!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: They heard it too, yes they did!
dialog: That Arrowhead Project up the
dialog: mountain! That secret shit they
dialog: were doing up there brung it on us!
dialog: vie
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: (approaches, checks
dialog: uniform name tag)
dialog: Private...Jessup?
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: {on his knees, pleading)
dialog: It wasn’t me! I'm just stationed up
dialog: there! I'm not responsible! Hell,
dialog: I'm a local, most'a you know me, I
dialog: just joined up for my college--
text: She bends down, right in his face, nose to nose, screaming:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
text: STOP YOUR CHICKENSHIT WHINING! TELL ME
dialog: OR I'LL CUT YOUR PULING TONGUE OUT!
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: I'm just a grunt...they don't tell
dialog: me nothing...but I heard stuff.
dialog: Hell, we all heard stuff...
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Stuff. :
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: _ ++.like how they thought there were
dialog: other dimensions...like all around
dialog: us...and how they wanted to try and
dialog: open a...a window, like...you know,
dialog: so they could look through and see
dialog: what's on the other side...
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Maybe your window turned out to be
dialog: a door, didn't it?
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: Not mine! Those scientists! They
dialog: must'a ripped a hole open by accident,
dialog: and this other dimension come spilling
dialog: through...that's what Donaldson was
dialog: saying before he hung himself! I
dialog: didn't understand half of it...
dialog: {off her look)
dialog: IT AIN'T MY FAULT!
text: He glances around, sees a lot of bloodthirsty, vengeful faces
text: staring at him. Mrs. Carmody turns, slow, scanning her flock.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Ain't. His. Fault. No, ain't nothin’
dialog: ever anybody's fault. He denies.
text: Points the finger. This Judas in
dialog: our midst .
dialog: 98.
text: David takes a step forward, wanting to defuse the situation,
text: but Ollie grabs his arm, gives him a firm look of "no."
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: You've seen it now! The truth of
dialog: what I say! It’s this sort of hubris!
dialog: This sort of willful priiiide against
dialog: God! This defiance of His will!
text: CAMERA CHURNS IN QUEASY 360s around her.. -She's turning,
text: savoring the moment, looking them all in the eye...
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: We been punished for delving into
dialog: secrets forbidden by God of old!
dialog: Walkin' on the moooon! Splittin’
dialog: His atoms! Messin’ with His stem
dialog: cells for the secrets of life that
dialog: only God above has any right to!
dialog: Gettin’ too big for our britches,
dialog: is what! And now His ju nt is
dialog: come upon us! The Fiend is let loose!
dialog: Star Wormwood blazes!
dialog: (turns, points at Jessup)
text: AND THEY DONE IT! THEY BROUCHT THE
text: DARKNESS DOWN BY SPITTIN' IN THE
text: ALMIGHTY'S BYE!
speaker_heading: : JESSUP
dialog: NO!
text: Jessup lunges to his feet, tries to run. gim Grondin shoves
text: him hard, rebounding him into the others...
speaker_heading: HANDHELD CAMERA
text: ---and Jessup screams, trying to break through, but the crowd
text: pummels him, drives him back, bouncing him around in its big,
text: ragged circle. David tries to jump in to help him, but gim
text: sees him coming and whirls around, driving a fist hard into
text: David's face, laying him out flat, while:
text: Jessup is being hit, spun around, trying to escape, and:
text: Sbhhkkk -- he runs right into the tip of Mr. Mackey's butcher
text: knife. Mackey the neighborhood butcher, now just a mindless
text: acolyte. Jessup stands frozen, mouth gaping. Mackey pulls the
text: knife out, stabs him again...
text: Jessup staggers back, clutching his stomach, turns and runs,
text: but the mob is on him from all sides, pressing in, flailing,
text: punching, pummeling, hollering with bloodlust...
speaker_heading: JIM
scene_heading: EXPIATION! EXPIATION!
dialog: uy.
text: +..and the soldier is pleading for his life even as he gets
text: brutalized by little old ladies and the guy who works at the
text: gas station, by people who have been friends and neighbors,
dialog: by people now turned savage killers, and we hear:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: GIVE HIM TO THE BEASTS! LET THE
dialog: BEASTS TAKE HIM!
text: They lift him howling into the air, countless hands hoisting
text: him aloft, his arms and legs spread wide in a sacrificial i
text: . Stance, a crucifixion pose, and the mindless bellowing mob :
text: races up the aisle, knocking things from their shelves, leaving r
text: a trail of smashed jars behind, stampeding toward: :
scene_heading: THE FRONT OF STORE
text: The door is. thrown open. The mob hurls the screaming soldier
text: out of the store into the parking lot. He lands in a sprawl :
text: out there, clutching his bleeding stomach. They get the door }
text: closed, barring it, throwing the lock bolts. i
text: Jessup staggers to his feet, dazed and reeling, seeing where :
text: he is. He turns to them, beseeching, face white with shock as i
text: the mob gathers to the windows to watch.
text: He staggers to the window, screaming, begging to be let back
text: in, pounding weakly on the glass. Dozens of faces stare back
text: at him with bright, insane anticipation.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S GROUP re
text: David is trying to run to help, but the others grab him,
text: restraining him, Ollie literally driving him to the floor and
text: pinning him there, muttering desperately in his ear:
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: No, David, no...we need you.. -Billy
dialog: needs you, goddamn it...
speaker_heading: FRONT OF STORE
text: Jessup at the glass, pounding, pleading to be let in...
text: And something looms from the Mist behind him, something big
text: and half-glimpsed, a huge hunched shape out of a Lovecraftian
text: fever dream, glistening and massive and angular. Jessup turns,
text: all the breath leaving his body, gazing up in awe and terror.
text: He turns to the people lining the windows, hands trembling on
text: the glass, and we can't hear him, but we can read his lips:
speaker_heading: JESSUP
dialog: ---please...
dialog: Lou.
text: And then the thing out there takes him, just snatches him
text: away in a whirl of roiling appendages, a spray of blood hitting
text: the glass as he gets yanked off in the blink of an eye.
text: Nothing out there now but Mist. Nothing inside but people
text: staring in silence.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S GROUP
text: Stunned, devastated, shaking. Amanda is weeping.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
text: turns away from the window, gleaming with satisfaction, looking
text: more alive than she's ever been.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: “The beasts will leave us alone
dialog: tonight. Tomorrow...well, we'll
dialog: just have to wait and see, won't
dialog: we?
text: WE FADE TO BLACK AND BRING UP OUR FINAL TITLE:
speaker_heading: ESCAPE
scene_heading: INT. MARKET - DAWN
text: Deep silence. Thick gloom. The world outside is brightening.
text: We find David sitting near the back of the store in a half
text: doze, his chin on his chest. His friends are all around him,
text: sprawled on furniture pads...some sleeping, some not.
text: David rouses, glances to Ollie. Ollie looks at his watch,
dialog: whispers one word:
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Dawn.
text: David nods. The others start moving, sitting up. David
text: carefully wakes Billy, whispers in his ear:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Are you ready to leave the bad lady?
text: The little boy nods, very serious and solem.
text: David looks around at the other faces peering at him from the
text: gloom: Dan, Irene, Ambrose. Myron, his face bruised, has also
text: joined them. So has Bud Brown, the store manager. Slow nods
text: all around. It’s a consensus -- they're all ready to leave
text: the bad lady. In whispers:
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
text: Groceries are hidden at the first
dialog: checkout stand. Five bags. We can
text: grab them and be out the door.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Scout's unlocked. Whoever gets there
text: first, open the front and back doors.
dialog: Everybody pile in fast as you can.
text: They rise, moving slowly and carefully up the aisle. David
text: gets to the head of the aisle, pauses and peers out to make
text: sure the coast is clear. He waves them out
scene_heading: FRONT OF THE STORE
text: They move fast, coming around the checkout stand to grab the
dialog: groceries...
text: . Which aren't there. There's just empty floor. They suddenly
text: hear a paper grocery bag crinkling. They stiffen, look up.
text: And there’s Mrs. Carmody looming from the shadows, a grocery
text: bag under her arm. She pulls out an apple.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Stealin’' food now.
text: She takes a big crunchy bite. David and his friends look
dialog: around, seeing:
text: FIGURES are stepping from the gloom, hemming them from all
text: sides, dozens of people with vacant gazes, blocking the path
text: to the doors. Many have weapons: knives, claw hammers...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Going out now, Mrs. Carmody. Stand
dialog: away, please.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: You can't go out. I won't allow it.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: Won't...ablow it?
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: It's against God's will. Don't you
dialog: know that by now? What’s the matter
dialog: with you? Don't you believe in God?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No one has interfered with you. All
dialog: we want is the same privilege.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Privilege.
dialog: 102.
text: She tosses the apple, almost playfully. It smacks Amanda's
text: head, bouncing off across the floor. She pulls a bottle of
text: milk, flips off the lid, takes a long swig, eyes on David all
text: the while. She sets the bottle gently down on the counter...
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: Privilege.
text: -.,then she snaps like a child throwing a tantrum, smashing
text: the grocery bag every which way, flinging it around, bashing
text: it against the counter, spewing its contents, shrieking:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
scene_heading: PRIVILEGE? PRIVILEGE? HELLBOUND
speaker_heading: PRRRRIITIIIDE!
text: She tosses the mutilated, empty bag. Shattered jars and spilled
text: cans are everywhere. A ruptured soda can goes fizzing and
text: rolling quietly across the floor past David's feet. Mrs.
text: Carmody picks up her milk, catching her breath, takes another
text: swig. Vengeance is thirsty work.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: You all heard what he said! These
dialog: are the sort of people who brought
dialog: it on! People who will not bend to
dialog: the will of the Almighty! Sinners
dialog: in pride, haughty they are, and
dialog: stiff-necked! They mock us, they
dialog: mock our God, our faith, our values
dialog: and our way of life, they mock our
dialog: humility and piousness! They piss
dialog: on us and laugh!
text: CAMERA PUSHES IN ON HER as she points, a mad Inquisitor. Mackey
text: the butcher and Jim Grondin appear at her side, both
text: brandishing knives, both ready to kill...
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: It is from their number the sacrifice
dialog: must come! From their number the
dialog: blood of expiation!
text: David grabs up the nearest thing he can find, a mop handle,
text: not much of a weapon, but he wields it...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You try it. You fucking try.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: It's the boy we want! Grab him!
dialog: Take him! Show them the price of
dialog: defiance! It's the boy we want!
text: +-;and the mob is closing in. David swings the mop handle,
text: whipping it through the air, trying to drive them back, keeping
text: 1U35.
text: them at bay only for the briefest of moments. Amanda's got
text: Billy, the boy clinging to her neck, terrified:
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: David--what do I--
text: Mackey and Jim come rushing forward, knives gleaming, as:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: And the whore, too! Grab them both!
dialog: Get the boy, get the whore, kill
dialog: fem both, kill ‘em ali--
text: BLAM! A single gunshot, loud as hell.
text: The milk bottle in mrs. Carmody's hand EXPLODES, ruptures
text: outward, spews glass and milk in all directions.
text: Everything goes still. Mackey and Jim Ereeze a few paces away
text: like kids caught in a game of "red-light-green-light."
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
text: stands frozen, mouth agape - She drops what's left of the milk
text: bottle, takes a falter: ng step back, looks down at the ragged,
text: bloody hole in her stomach. She looks up, trying to speak.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: is staring at her in shock, turns and sees:
speaker_heading: OLLIE
text: in a shooter's stance, Amanda's gun held in a two-handed grip,
text: smoke drifting from the barrel.
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
text: Her mouth opens and closes, opens again. She finally Manages
text: a croaking whisper:
scene_heading: MRS. CARMODY
dialog: ---kill them...kill them all...
dialog: 
text: BLAM! Ollie SHOOTS HER AGAIN, in the head. Her head snaps
text: back, trailing blood through the air as she's spun around...she
text: clutches one of the registers to stop from falling...but the
text: register tips and goes down with her as she hits the floor.
text: One last violent spasm, and that's it.. -dead as hell.
text: People are backing away, stunned. Ollie jerks the gun at Jim,
text: ready to kill him, but Jim drops his knife and retreats. Mackey
text: also backs away. A WOMAN screams, starts sobbing:
speaker_heading: A WOMAN
dialog: You kille@ her! You murdered her!
dialog: aus.
text: Ollie's in quiet turmoil, just as stunned as everybody else.
text: David goes to him, gently touches his arm.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you, Ollie. Let's go.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: (wrestling with it)
dialog: I...I killed her.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's. why I said thank you. Come
dialog: on now. We have to leave.
text: David moves the group to the front door. He throws the lock
text: bolts open, picks Billy up, pauses as:
speaker_heading: : OLLIE
dialog: I wouldn't have shot her, David.
dialog: Not if there had been any other
dialog: way. Do you believe me?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes. I do.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Okay. Okay then. Let's go.
text: They throw the door open...
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET - DAY
text: :--and we're plunged into it, things happening fast, HANDHELD
dialog: in the Mist:
text: Ollie's running in front, pistol poised, the others spread
text: out behind him, footsteps clattering and echoing hollowly
text: across pavement, David holding Billy tight to his chest...
text: Ollie gets to the car first, throws open the front and rear
text: doors on the driver's side, turns, yelling for them to come,
text: and suddenly a HUGE SHAPE materializes in the Mist behina -
text: Ollie as David screams a warning --
speaker_heading: DAVID
speaker_heading: OLLIB!
text: ~~ but the creature reaches down even as Ollie's turning,
text: plucks Ollie off his feet, jerks him screaming into the air,
text: giant claws scissoring and ripping Ollie open in a terrible
text: glut of blood that drenches the front of the car, Ollie'’s gun
text: falling onto the hood unfired, and then the shape is gone,
text: taking Ollie, vanishing in the Mist. .
text: David screams in anguish, keeps coming, throws Billy into the
text: front seat, turns back as he hears Amanda SCREAM. .
dialog: ius.
text: A shrieking SPIDER-THING has leapt from the hood of a car,
text: slams Myron screaming and flailing to the ground as it busily
text: cocoons him. Amanda is frozen, screaming...
text: Behind her, Bud Brown backs up in terror, turns and runs back
dialog: into his store...
text: Irene steps up, slaps Amanda to get her attention, then Irene
text: and Dan are running, pulling Amanda toward the car...
text: Ambrose is at their heels, trying to keep up, panting and
text: whining in terror, when another thing reaches out and plucks
text: him away in a whirl of whipping appendages...
text: Dan, Irene, and Amanda get to the car, David shoving Amanda
text: into the front seat and diving in after her, Irene and Dan
text: throwing themselves in back, slamming doors, and:
dialog: They're in. They're safe.
text: The four adults sit in total shock. Billy's clinging to David,
text: sobbing. A stretch of silence, and then:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Are we going?
text: David's thoughts finally focus. He hands Billy off to Amanda.
text: The boy whimpers, clinging to her. David puts the key in the
text: ignition, sees the windshield and hood covered with Ollie's
dialog: blood. Also:
text: The gun is out there, lying on the hood.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: David, no.
text: But he does it anyway, throws his door open, lunges half out
text: of the car, fingers clawing the hood, straining to grab the
text: gun. We hear SCUTTLING LEGS coming, horrific MEWLING SOUNDS...
text: He gets the gun, pulls his arm back in just as:
text: A SPIDER-THING leaps and lands on the hood, denting it, missing
text: David by inches, cracking the windshield. A second spider-
text: thing dashes in from the side, SLAMMING hard against the door
text: just as David slams it shut, rocking the Scout on its wheels.
text: The creature on the hood pauses, staring through the windshield
text: at them with its semi-human, grinning face...then scuttles up
text: the windshield, across the roof, and leaps off into the Mist
text: in search of easier prey. The second one also scuttles off.
text: David lets out a long breath, steadies himself, starts the
text: engine. He hits the washers. The wipers work Ollie's blood
text: away. David puts it in gear, pulls slowly out...
scene_heading: ANGLE AT PAVEMENT LEVEL
text: Ollie's glasses are big in frame f£.g., one bloody lens cracked
text: down the center, as the Scout pulls away...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MARKET
text: The Scout looms from the Mist, coming around into the traffic
text: aisle in a glare of foglights. As the vehicle turns, the lights
text: splash across the plate glass window. We see dozens of faces
text: at the glass, pale and silent, staring...
text: ANGLE FROM INSIDE MARKET
text: People are silhouetted at the glass, the Scout's foglights
text: sending beams of light crawling through their midst...
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE MARKET
text: .-.and then the staring faces are gone...and so is the Scout,
text: taillights disappearing into the Mist, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT. SCOUT - DAY
text: The vehicle materializes, coming through the Mist, turning
text: down David's long driveway. He slows, as:
text: David's house takes form before them. It looks still, vacant,
text: like a haunted house, windows staring like empty eye sockets.
text: Worse still, it's festooned with spider-webs.
text: David leans on the horn, BLARING IT. A long silence.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Our front window was broken open.
dialog: The tree...my grandfather's tree...
text: He looks around, sees:
text: A familiar floppy sun hat is caught in a tangle of webbing at
text: the side of the house, swaying slightly in the breeze. His
text: wife's hat, the one she was wearing the last time we saw her.
text: WE PAN from the hat to a pale dead foot dangling from a cocoon
text: embedded in the branches of the downed tree.
dialog: It hits David hard. He knew it all along, but had to know for
text: sure. Now he does. He glances to Billy. The boy is in Amanda's
text: lap, mercifully asleep. Amanda has no words of comfort to
text: offer. From the back seat:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I'm sorry, David. Truly sorry.
dialog: 107.
text: David nods, puts it in gear. He turns the Scout around and
text: heads back up the driveway... :
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT. SCOUT - DAY
text: -».and a DISSOLVING MONTAGE takes us methodically through a
text: blasted, Mist-shrouded world...
dialog: .-traveling south, ever south...
text: -:.crossing bridges choked with cars, maneuvering around
text: vehicles that stand mte and silent where people pulled over
text: when the Mist came, many with doors open, no people in sight...
text: -..the Scout easing gingerly over broken sections of pavement,
text: past slabs of tarmac standing up like tombstones, the result
dialog: of some great upheaval...
text: ++.traveling through an eerie, mist-shrouded world in which
text: unseen creatures of nightmare shriek and howl, where winged
text: shapes go flapping by overhead on leathern wings...
text: -..trying the radio, Amanda scanning the band, getting nothing
dialog: but soft static...
text: -,-passing a sign in the Mist that reads "PORTLAND -- Next
dialog: Five Exits"...
text: --Slowing down to traverse another badly broken section of
text: pavement...and as the Scout moves on, CAMERA CRANES UP to
text: show the pavement they just crossed below us, the broken tarmac
text: in the shape of a giant, primordial FOOTPRINT...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SCOUT - DAY
text: Foglights appear, coming slowly toward us in the Mist. As it
text: pulls closer, the ENGINE SPUTTERS, coughing on fumes...and
text: quits. The vehicle jerks, shudders, glides to a stop.
text: We hold for a long beat, PUSHING SLOWLY IN as we DISSOLVE:
text: INSIDE THE SCOUT
text: The gas gauge is on empty.
text: Billy's asleep. The four adults sit, exhausted. Out of gas
text: and out of hope. Knowing what this means. Like Mrs. Carmody
dialog: said: it's death. Nobody says anything for a while, then:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: We gave it good try. Nobody can say
dialog: we didn't.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
text: A heavy weight of silence. David works up his courage. Picks
text: up the gun. Cracks the cylinder. Shakes the bullets out. Two
text: rounds are expended. He discards the empty casings, leaving
text: four live rounds. He stares down at them in his palm. Softly:
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: There's four left.
text: He looks up at the others. Everybody knows what this means.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: There's five of us.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'll figure something out.
text: He loads the shells, softly closes the cylinder. He looks up
text: at them again. The moment is charged, awful. Amanda nods,
text: shaking, trying not to cry. Irene and Dan nod too.
text: ANGLE FROM OUTSIDE THE SCOUT
text: The vehicle sits silent and disembodied in the world of the
text: Mist. We hear Billy stirring, his soft voice:
speaker_heading: BILLY (0.S.)
dialog: Daddy?
text: And then four even-spaced GUNSHOTS are heard, muffled and at
text: a distance. Then silence.
speaker_heading: IN THE ScouT
text: We find David sitting alone in the blood-spattered vehicle,
text: the others slumped out of sight. He's holding himself coiled
text: tight, then lets out a howl of soul-rending anguish and
text: despair, dissolving into shuddering sobs of grief as he rocks
text: back and forth like a man in an asylum.
text: He puts the gun in his mouth, pulling the trigger again and
text: again, praying for a bullet to magically appear, but-no.
text: He gets hold of himsel£. Tosses the gun aside. Takes a few
text: deep breaths, steeling himself like a man getting ready to
text: jump into a pool of ice water, fumbles for the door handle...
dialog: Gets out...
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE SCOUT
text: ++,and slams the door. He stands there looking around at this
text: primordial, dead-white world. Seething.
dialog: diuy.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: COME ON!
text: He turns and lays his hands on the Scout's roof, waiting.
dialog: And waiting. And waiting. And...
dialog: And...
text: Here it comes...something big...a deep growling noise...coming
text: closer...approaching in the Mist...
text: ...and now comes another sound as well...weird, wavering in
text: the Mist...unidentifiable, unearthly...
text: PUSH IN TIGHT ON DAVID as he gazes up, listening...waiting...
text: ...and he looks around, increasingly stunned as the day seems
dialog: to brighten...
text: ..-and now the sound is deafening, the deep growl descending
text: upon us, becoming a HUGE ROAR...
dialog: That roar? Tank treads?
text: And the other wavering sound...
text: A voice? On loudspeaker?
text: And now the day goes brighter still as the Mist starts to
text: part, dissipating as blazing lights burn through the haze,
text: mounted on a tank, and FIGURES in eerie hazmat combat suits
text: come cradling weapons, entering the hot zone, sweeping the
text: area, a VOICE BOOMING like God from the mounted speakers...
speaker_heading: VOICE
scene_heading: ATTENTION. ..ALL SURVIVORS. ..THIS
text: AREA IS UNDER MILITARY CONTROL. ..ALL
text: SURVIVORS REPORT TO OUR PERSONNEL
text: FOR ESCORT TO THE NEAREST AID
dialog: STATION. . .
text: ..and the Mist clears completel: ,» sun breaking through, world
text: turning green again as the soldiers come trudging, their ranks
text: stretching into the distance, and several of them see David
dialog: and come this way to help him, but:
text: David doesn't see them. David doesn’t hear them. David never
text: will. David is clutching the roof of the Scout. SCREAMING.
text: And SCREAMING. And SCREAMING. And SCREAMING.
dialog: Davia will never stop.
text: CRASH TO BLACK
dialog: 
