speaker_heading: THE HUMAN STAIN
dialog: Screenplay by
speaker_heading: NICHOLAS MEYER
dialog: Based On The Novel
dialog: The Human Stain
dialog: By Philip Roth
dialog: Production — white
dialog: February 25, 2002
speaker_heading: LAKESHORE
speaker_heading: ENTERTAINMENT
dialog: © Lakeshore Entertainment Corp.
dialog: All Rights Reserved
scene_heading: 1 EXT. BERKSHIRE WOODS - NIGHT 1
text: A OLD VOLVO driving along a small, winding road...
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: This is the story of the tricky
dialog: life and bitter downfall of
dialog: Coleman Silk.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE ON THE VOLVO as THE CREDITS BEGIN. We watch the
text: car wending its moonlit way. The radio in the car is playing
dialog: Rogers and Hart.
scene_heading: 2 INT. VOLVO - CONTINUOUS 2
text: The DRIVER, an attractive MAN in his mid-sixties. Leaning
text: serenely against him, eyes closed, a handsome WOMAN, mid
dialog: thirties...
text: As THE CREDITS CONTINUE we occasionally CUT TO A SHOT OF A
text: BEAT UP RED PICK UP TRUCK sitting ominously in the shadows at
text: the side of the road. As THE CREDITS END we CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON THE WINDSHIELD OF THE PICK UP TRUCK--inside we see
text: a shadowy figure.
text: HIS POV (TELEPHOTO SHOT): (looking through the windshield) in
text: the distance the Volvo rounds a curve in our direction.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. THE PARKED RED PICK-UP TRUCK - CONTINUOUS 3
text: As the HEADLIGHTS wink on, the pick-up roars to life and
text: squeals onto the road, heading in the opposite direction as
dialog: the Volvo.
text: SEVERAL ANGLES--We see the Volvo and the pick-up heading
text: towards each other on the curving road.
text: When the vehicles are near enough to see each other's lights,
text: the pick-up abruptly swerves into the oncoming lane...
scene_heading: 4 INT. VOLVO - CONTINUOUS 4
text: The couple suddenly BLINDED by the glare of headlights! The
text: woman wakes up, startled, squints -
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Jesus - !
text: He pulls the wheel over hard! SOUND OF SQUEALING BRAKES -!
scene_heading: 5 EXT. BERKSHIRE ROAD - NIGHT 5
text: The Volvo barely avoids the oncoming pick-up, but careens off
text: the road, plunging wildly down a steep embankment,
text: ricochetting off TREES and flipping into a small RIVER...
speaker_heading: 5S CONTINUED: 5
text: CLOSER: NO MOVEMENT FROM WITHIN, there is a terrible
text: silence. Suddenly we hear the scream of a bird and CUT TO:
scene_heading: 6 EXT. ATHENA COLLEGE - DAY 6
text: TIGHT ON A LARGE CROW as it flaps it wings and flies away,
text: screeching as it disappears into the sky. We see, in the
text: distance, the tall steeple of a beautiful, white church, set
text: against the Berkshires in the distance. It is an idyllic
dialog: setting, over this we HEAR:
speaker_heading: A MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Hey, if Clinton had fucked her in
dialog: the ass, none of this would have
dialog: happened.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES ACROSS to reveal A TRIO OF TENNIS PLAYERS
text: {ALL MIDDLE-AGED MEN) - walking after a game, carrying their
text: rackets, swigging bottled water and laughing. In the
text: background we see a picturesque, small New England campus;
text: old, red-brick, ivy covered, white-columned buildings,
text: bisecting footpaths and huge, spreading trees, benches...
scene_heading: 1ST TENNIS PLAYER
dialog: (the original voice)
dialog: That would've kept her quiet.
dialog: Besides, in Arkansas, you're
dialog: expected to be an ass man. That's
dialog: tradition.
scene_heading: 2ND TENNIS PLAYER
dialog: Wait a minute, she was overwhelmed
dialog: by Starr's team in that hotel
dialog: room. 11 guys hitting on her?
dialog: That was a gang bang...
scene_heading: 3RD TENNIS PLAYER
dialog: Come on, she was talking to Linda
dialog: Tripp, talking to everybody. She's
dialog: part of that dopey culture. Yap,
dialog: yap, yap-~
scene_heading: 1ST TENNIS PLAYER
dialog: Look, if Clinton couldn't figure
dialog: Monica Lewinsky, then the guy
dialog: shouldn't be president; that's
dialog: grounds for impeachment by itself.
text: Laughter. By now the three men have passed THE CAMERA and are
text: heading away from us.
scene_heading: 2ND TENNIS PLAYER
dialog: I keep telling you guys, in the
dialog: ass is how you create loyalty.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED: 6
scene_heading: 3RD TENNIS PLAYER
dialog: Know what Kennedy would have told
dialog: her? Nixon? They would have told
dialog: her that not only would they not
dialog: give her a job, nobody would ever
dialog: give her a job again as long as
dialog: she lived. That her father would
dialog: be out of work. And her mother and
dialog: her brother. That no one in her
dialog: family would earn another dime if
text: she dared to open her mouth.
scene_heading: 2ND TENNIS PLAYER
dialog: Yeah, he played it like a lawyer.
dialog: That's why he didn't want to come.
scene_heading: 1ST TENNIS PLAYER
dialog: Hey, when he came, he was
dialog: finished. Evidence. The smoking
dialog: come.
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: If he'd fucked her in the ass, the
dialog: nation would have been spared this
dialog: terrible trauma.
text: As the men continue walking away from THE CAMERA, laughing
dialog: and talking, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: 1998 was the summer of sanctimony.
dialog: America was on a piety binge.
dialog: Propriety was king. After the
dialog: fall of Communism and before the
dialog: horrors of terrorism, there was a
dialog: brief interlude when the nation
text: was preoccupied by cocksucking.
text: Just then the tennis players intersect an attractive man in
text: his mid-sixties; his name is COLEMAN SILK and he is the same
text: man we saw earlier in the car crash. He wears a well cut,
text: harris tweed jacket, grey flannels and carries a worn, but
dialog: expensive briefcase.
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What Nathaniel Hawthorne called
dialog: "the persecuting spirit" was
dialog: abroad in the land... And Bill
dialog: Clinton was not its only target.
text: THE CAMERA FOLLOWS COLEMAN SILK as he walks quickly across
text: the campus heading toward a classroom building in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED: (2) 6
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: This is Coleman Silk. Before the
dialog: car crash, of course. Once the
dialog: powerful Dean of Faculty and
dialog: professor of Classics at Athena
dialog: College in western Massachusetts,
dialog: one of the first Jews to teach in
dialog: a classics department anywhere in
dialog: America, Coleman had spent over
dialog: thirty years at Athena... He took
dialog: a pokey, Sleepy Hollow-type
dialog: college and dragged it kicking and
dialog: screaming from mediocrity to
dialog: excellence.
text: As he enters the imposing looking building we HOLD FOR A BEAT:
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Of course, in the process, he made
dialog: a good many enemies... and finally
dialog: "the persecuting spirit" caught up
dialog: with Coleman...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 7 INT. CLASSROOM - SAME : 7
text: ON A BEAUTIFUL PALLADIAN WINDOW--that looks out onto another
dialog: imposing church, this one in the Gothic style. Over this we
dialog: hear Coleman Silk reciting first in Greek, then in English:
speaker_heading: COLEMAN'S VOICE
dialog: "Sing O Gods, of the wrath of
dialog: Achilles..."
text: THE CAMERA PANS DOWN FROM THE WINDOW TO COLEMAN SILK who
text: stands in front of a desk on a raised platform. He holds a
dialog: worn copy if the Iliad in one hand
speaker_heading: COLEMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: All of European literature springs
dialog: from a fight--a barroom brawl
dialog: really. And what was Achilles so
dialog: angry about? He and King Agamemnon
text: are quarreling over a woman, a
text: young girl and her body and the
dialog: delights of sexual rapacity...
dialog: Achilles, the most hypersensitive
dialog: killing machine in the history of
dialog: warfare. ,
speaker_heading: 7 CONTINUED: 7
speaker_heading: COLEMAN'S VOICE (cont'd)
dialog: Achilles, who because of his rage
dialog: at not getting the girl--isolates
text: himself defiantly outside the very
dialog: society whose protector he is and
dialog: whose need of him is enormous.
text: Achilles has to give back the girl.
dialog: (a beat:)
dialog: This is how the great imaginative
dialog: literature of Europe begins and
dialog: that is why, three thousand years
dialog: later, we are going to begin there
dialog: today. Miss...
dialog: (scanning the paper
text: on the desk in front
dialog: of him)
dialog: Cummings, can you tell us...
dialog: Coleman looks up:
text: HIS POV: thirty students, silent, there is no sign of a
dialog: response.
text: CLOSER ON COLEMAN--frowning.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (sardonic) .
dialog: Still not here. And Mr. Thomas?..
dialog: (a beat:)
dialog: We're five weeks into the semester
dialog: and I haven't laid eyes on either
dialog: of these folks. Do these people
dialog: exist or are they spooks?
scene_heading: FREEZE FRAME ON COLEMAN-
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: And now they had him. After
dialog: thirty years of academic
dialog: distinction, Coleman Silk would be
dialog: brought down by the use of one
dialog: single word.
scene_heading: 8 INT. FACULTY CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 8
text: ON PROFESSOR DELPHINE ROUX--forty years old, chic, french
text: accented. She is the chairperson of a faculty committee of
dialog: seven. We note that one of the members of the committee is a
speaker_heading: middle aged black man (HERB KEBLE) .
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ROUX
dialog: Were you aware, Professor Silk,
dialog: that Tracy Cummings and William
dialog: Thomas are African Americans?
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: 8
text: CROSS-CUT TO COLEMAN who sits across the table from them,
text: baffled.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (with icy sarcasm)
dialog: How could I be? I've never seen
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ROUX
dialog: But you are aware of the
text: connotation of the word spook.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: Ghost. I was referring to her
dialog: ectoplasmic character.
text: He opens his dictionary to the marked page -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Here's the first definition of the
dialog: word: "Spook. 1. Informal, a
dialog: ghost; specter."
scene_heading: ANOTHER FACULTY MEMBER
dialog: Dean Silk, let me read you the
dialog: second dictionary meaning:
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Disparaging. A Negro."
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (leaning forward,
dialog: speaking
dialog: emphatically, but
dialog: with care)
dialog: I had never laid eyes on them, how
dialog: could I know they were black?
dialog: What I did know was that they were
dialog: invisible.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ROUX
dialog: (awkward pause)
dialog: Nevertheless, they have lodged a
dialog: complaint... Miss Cummings was
dialog: deva-
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: These students have not attended
dialog: a single class! "Do they exist or
dialog: are they spooks?!" Consider the
dialog: context.
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: (2) 8
speaker_heading: COLEMAN (cont'd)
dialog: The only issue is the
dialog: nonattendance of these students,
dialog: their inexcusable neglect of work
dialog: and their sheer chutzpah. To
dialog: charge me with racism is not only
text: false, it is spectacularly false.
text: Satisfied with his rebuttal, Coleman rises and leaves the
text: room. HOLD ON the faculty sitting in silence.
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: However it wasn't going to be that
dialog: easy.
scene_heading: 9 INT. IRIS SILK'S OFFICE IN COLEMAN'S HOUSE - DAY 9
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: They what?
text: IRIS, Coleman's wife, a vital woman with a mane of crinkly,
text: salt and pepper, fly-away hair, always threatening to burst
text: the confines of bands, pins, combs and pencils she thrusts
text: into it. She wears an ethnic but chic print dress and lots
dialog: of "folkloric jewelry."
text: Her office in their home is almost as much of a rat's nest as
dialog: her hair, bespeaking her many civic and aesthetic activities-
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Accused me of quote, employing a
dialog: racist epithet. Unquote.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: What epithet?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Spook. Fifty years ago, it was
dialog: slang for-
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: I know what it was slang for.
dialog: (then: )
dialog: That's absurd. Did you remind them
dialog: that when you were Dean, you hired
dialog: the first black -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (hasty irony)
dialog: African American--
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Hired the first African American
dialog: ever on the faculty. What about
dialog: Herb Keble? He's on the committee
dialog: isn't he? Herb and Edith are
dialog: friends of ours for God's sake!
dialog: Didn't Herb open his mouth?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Oh, yes...
dialog: (a withering
dialog: imitation of Herb's
dialog: sonorous voice)
dialog: "I'm sorry, Coleman. I can't be
dialog: with you on this."
text: CLOSER ON IRIS--outraged at the injustice.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Well, we'll fight them! We'll
dialog: organize. My God, what a
dialog: travesty - after thirty-five years
dialog: of devoted...
dialog: (interrupting herself)
dialog: We'll start a petition drive,
dialog: that's what we'll...
dialog: (racing ahead of
dialog: herself)
dialog: We'll get a lawyer. We'll
dialog: counterattack--
text: THE CAMERA HOLDS ON IRIS as she continues, but the voice
text: slows down and deepens, moving out of sync with the image--
text: like a record slowing down after the power has been shut off.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I've got friends among the-
text: QUICK CUT OF COLEMAN--as he realizes something is horribly
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (a cry)
dialog: Iris!
text: VERY TIGHT ON IRIS--as she looks toward her husband, a look
text: of utter terror on her face. She knows she is about to die.
text: We slowly FADE TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: No, it certainly wasn't going to
dialog: be that easy.
scene_heading: 10 INT. NATHAN ZUCKERMAN'S CABIN, BERKSHIRES - DAY 10
text: CLOSE ON A DESK cluttered with yellow legal pads, pencils, a
text: computer. In the distance we hear the sound of a television
dialog: set.
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: Four hours later, Iris Silk died
text: in Coleman's arms. It was after
dialog: that that Coleman came into my
dialog: life.
text: THE CAMERA BEGINS TO PAN PAST a cup filled with old coffee,
text: half a sandwich, stacks of books, etc., etc. The impression:
text: chaos which hasn't been touched to REVEAL NATHAN ZUCKERMAN,
text: (early 40's), staring at the TV; his is the voice we have
text: been hearing. Light flickers on his expressionless face.
text: Then, from 0.S. We hear the sound of someone banging on a
text: door. Nathan Zuckerman pays no attention. We HEAR applause
text: from the TV. The banging on the door becomes more insistent.
text: Nathan reluctantly gets to his feet-
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I'm coming...I'm coming...
text: ON THE DOOR, he opens it cautiously.
text: NATHAN'S POV: Coleman Silk, wearing chinos and a sweater.
dialog: What we notice immediately is that there is a ferocious
dialog: intensity about the man; a fire of what just might be madness
text: in his eyes.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Zuckerman? Nathan Zuckerman?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (he charges inside
dialog: without being asked)
dialog: We've got to talk.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'm afraid--
text: ON COLEMAN--He turns on Nathan, suddenly suspicious.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You are the Zuckerman that's the
dialog: writer? Correct?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah, but--
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED:
dialog: 10.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Your last book won some sort of
dialog: prize, right?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (starting to get
dialog: pissed)
dialog: It was short listed for the--
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: That was five years ago; what
dialog: happened?
dialog: (not waiting for an
dialog: answer)
dialog: Blocked? Right? You're blocked;
dialog: worried you don't have another
dialog: story in you? Well I can fix that.
dialog: I'm the answer to your prayers.
dialog: You know who I am?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (intrigued, at the
dialog: very least)
dialog: Dean Silk?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Dean Coleman Silk, that's right,
dialog: the late, retired and now resigned
dialog: and unlamented Dean Silk,
dialog: following the MURDER ~ did you
dialog: clock that? -MURDER of my wife.
dialog: (faces him)
dialog: How's that grab you, Zuckerman?
dialog: Good enough to get your juices
dialog: flowing? Huh?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'm not sure I under-
text: Throughout the following Coleman paces around the room,
dialog: pausing sometimes to pick up something only to immediately
text: put it down. Occasionally he sits only to jump to his feet
text: almost immediately and resume his pacing.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Those sons of bitches killed my
dialog: wife, Nathan--you don't mind if I
dialog: call you Nathan?
dialog: (not waiting for an
dialog: answer)
dialog: They killed her as sure as if they
text: had taken a gun and fired it into
dialog: her heart. Who would have thought
dialog: Iris couldn't take it...
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED:
dialog: 11.
dialog: (2) 10
speaker_heading: COLEMAN (cont'd)
dialog: (reflective)
dialog: Strong as she was, brave as she
dialog: was.
dialog: (back to Nathan)
dialog: But their kind of stupidity was
dialog: too much even for a juggernaut
dialog: like Iris. Massive embolism. I got
dialog: her to the hospital, but it was
dialog: too late.
dialog: (fixing Nathan with
dialog: a look)
dialog: The point is they meant to kill
dialog: me, and they got her instead; all
dialog: in the name of political
dialog: correctness~-an oxymoron if I ever
dialog: heard one.
dialog: (pleased with himself)
dialog: There's your book, Zuckerman.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Look, Dean -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Coleman, just Coleman. "All my
dialog: other titles I have given away" -
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Look...ah, Coleman, I can see
dialog: you're devastated. And I'm sorry,
dialog: really sorry. But I write fiction--
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Believe me, this thing will read
dialog: like The Manchurian Candidate -
dialog: they murdered the wrong person,
dialog: for Chrissakes, and for what? One
dialog: word. "Spooks"? Let me tell you
dialog: something, Nathan.
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: My father was a saloon keeper in
dialog: New Jersey--the only Jewish
dialog: saloonkeeper in East Orange. He
dialog: only got as far as the seventh
dialog: grade, but he insisted on the
dialog: precision of words and I have kept
dialog: faith with him.
dialog: (as though convincing
dialog: himself)
dialog: I have kept faith with him.
text: Coleman has run out of steam for the moment. Flops onto the
text: ratty sofa as Nathan studies him. Then, cautiously -
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: (3) 10
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: If you don't mind a suggestion,
dialog: maybe you ought to write this book
dialog: yourself.
dialog: Coleman considers this.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Maybe so. Maybe I should at that.
text: (then, looking around
dialog: the room:)
dialog: You're divorced, right?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Does it show?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Nathan, you have the look about
dialog: you of a man at loose ends.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Takes one to know one.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What's the moment called in Greek
dialog: tragedy - you know, the one where
dialog: the hero learns that everything he
dialog: knows is wrong?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Peripeteia...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (rueful)
dialog: That's me.
text: TIGHT ON COLEMAN--He smiles - different from the killer grin.
dialog: Open.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Nathan, by any chance do you play
dialog: Gin Rummy?
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: And that was how our friendship
dialog: began.
dialog: Over this we HEAR: STOMPIN' AT THE SAVOY
scene_heading: 11 EXT. COLEMAN'S HOUSE - NIGHT il
text: A big, white, rambling home, with lights on and MUSIC
text: blasting from within. The screened-in porch is lit up,
text: too...and inside we can see two FIGURES playing cards...
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN'S SCREEN-IN PORCH - NIGHT 12
text: ON A PING PONG TABLE with a computer, that is stacked high
text: with papers. THE CAMERA PANS ACROSS TO COLEMAN AND NATHAN
text: playing gin-rummy while drinking BEER from bottles.
text: ON COLEMAN--studying his hand.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (nonchalant)
dialog: Why did you and your wife split up?
scene_heading: CROSS-CUTTING BETWEEN THEM:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Which wife--the first or the
dialog: second?
text: That gets Coleman's attention.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (continuing; grins)
dialog: You sure you want to discard that?
text: We HEAR Ella Fitzgerald singing "But Not For Me" as we CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, COLEMAN'S HOUSE - DAY 13
text: CLOSE ON A PHOTOGRAPH OF IRIS SILK--It is a black and white
text: photograph, we see her carrying a placard that reads,
dialog: "Freedom of Choice." And this is obviously a rally ata
text: women's clinic, because she is yelling at someone 0.S.. She
text: looks both alive and vital, beautiful and plain, angry and
text: thoroughly happy all at the same time. It sits on the
text: mantelpiece, surrounded by other photographs of his family.
text: WE REVERSE ON NATHAN--He takes the photograph from the
dialog: mantle, so that he can study it more carefully. Over this we
speaker_heading: HEAR:
speaker_heading: COLEMAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: Forty years we were married...
text: ON THE DOOR LEADING FROM THE KITCHEN INTO THE LIVING ROOM --
text: coleman, in khakis and an oxford cloth, button down shirt,
text: frayed around the collar and shirt tail hanging out, stands
text: in the doorway holding two bottles of beer.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Add on the six months we lived
dialog: together. That's not bad -
dialog: especially these days.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (sympathetic)
dialog: You must have loved her very much.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: COLEMAN .
dialog: After forty years, who could tell?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Kids?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Jeff and Michael - both married
dialog: now, tenured professors out in
dialog: California. And then there's Mark,
dialog: the thorn in my side; Marky, for
dialog: whom nothing was ever quite good
dialog: enough.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: He's an orthodox Jew, lives with
dialog: a dental technician, in Queens,
dialog: who supports him while he writes
text: long, angry, unpublishable poetry.
dialog: (picking up the
dialog: photograph of his
dialog: daughter, smiling)
dialog: And there's my Lisa, she's in New
dialog: York; teaches remedial reading.
text: Coleman studies the photograph of Lisa a moment longer - then
text: puts it down as the music changes again; Dick Haymes is
dialog: singing "Where or When."
scene_heading: INT. SCREENED IN PORCH - NIGHT 14
dialog: Once more we see the computer, if anything there are more
text: papers piled on the ping pong table. THE CAMERA PANS ACROSS
text: TO NATHAN AND COLEMAN. The gin rummy game continues; both men
text: whooping with hilarity as they slam down their cards. Nathan
text: steals a look at the ping-pong table - it is now COVERED with
dialog: documents, boxes, more files.
text: Nathan glances back and sees Coleman has caught his look.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Hey, you're the guy that threw
dialog: away a chance at the Pulitzer, not
dialog: me.
text: ON NATHAN--not fazed in the least; he smiles, lays down his
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Gin.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: 15 INT./EXT. PORCH - ANOTHER EVENING 15
text: As Nathan takes a pull from the bottle of beer, nods toward
text: the ping-pong table: it's empty. On the floor, a lot of FILE
text: BOXES crammed with papers.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What's with the book?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
text: The book has come and gone.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Meaning?
text: (he nudges a box with
dialog: a toe)
dialog: Meaning it's worthless. You can't
dialog: make a college without breaking
dialog: egg-heads and I couldn't write a
dialog: book called Spooks that didn't
text: sound like a lunatic raving. All
dialog: this...
dialog: {nodding towards the
dialog: cartons of papers)
dialog: Useless; unless you count the
dialog: dubious thrill of re-reading old
dialog: love letters.
text: He takes several letters that he has obviously just been re-
text: reading and drops them on top of one of the boxes.
text: TIGHTER IN as a photograph falls out of one of the envelopes.
text: ON NATHAN--as he leans down and picks it up.
text: HIS POV: INSERT OF THE PHOTOGRAPH--It is a snapshot taken in
text: the late forties by a street photographer. It shows the young
text: Coleman Silk; his dark hair is closely cropped (in what used
text: to be called a GI cut); he wears a tweed jacket, oxford
dialog: cloth, button down shirt (not dissimilar to the one he is
text: wearing now), crew necked sweater. He is walking down the
text: street, with a stunningly beautiful blonde girl, their arms
text: around one another, laughing. However, what we notice most is
text: that the girl looks at him with total adoration.
text: ON NATHAN--looking from the photograph to Coleman.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: This you?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (wry)
dialog: Hey, I was young once.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED:
dialog: 16.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: That's not what I meant. Who's the
dialog: girl?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (taking the
dialog: photograph)
dialog: Her name's Steena Paulsen. She was
dialog: from Minnesota.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (with a look)
dialog: Forgive me, Coleman, but you don't
dialog: seem to me to be the Minnesota
dialog: type.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: There are depths about me, young
dialog: man, you will never plumb.
dialog: (then quickly:)
dialog: I met Steena when I was at NYU on
dialog: the GI bill. Almost married her.
dialog: (a beat:)
dialog: What would my life have been like
dialog: if I had.
text: As Coleman is talking "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered"
dialog: starts to
text: play on the radio.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing; he stops
text: for a beat, savoring
dialog: the music)
dialog: Listen...I hear that and
dialog: everything within me unclenches
dialog: and the wish not to die, never to
dialog: die is almost too great to bear.
dialog: (then: )
dialog: Come on, let's dance...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Dance. You and me. Don't worry,
dialog: Nathan, I'm not making a pass.
dialog: Come on, live a little.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Alright, but just don't sing in my
dialog: ear, okay?
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: (2) 15
text: And the two men start to dance.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You seem pretty cheerful for a man
dialog: whose book just tanked.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (a beat, then:)
dialog: I'm having an affair, Nathan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: No kidding?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: No kidding,...I'm having an affair
text: with a thirty-four-year-old woman.
dialog: I can't tell you what it's done to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'm getting a pretty good idea...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (with great
dialog: simplicity)
dialog: I thought I couldn't take any more
dialog: of anything. But...when this stuff
dialog: comes back so...late in life,
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Completely unexpected, completely
dialog: unwanted, it comes back at you
dialog: with such force and...when there's
dialog: nothing you can do about it, when
dialog: there's nothing to dilute it.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: And when she's thirty-four.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (grins)
dialog: And ignitable, Nathan. Ignitable.
dialog: Ever hear of something called
dialog: Viagra? Without it I would still
dialog: have the dignity befitting a man
dialog: my age and position. Without it I
dialog: could continue in my "declining
dialog: years" to draw profound
dialog: philosophical conclusions and have
dialog: a steadying moral influence on the
dialog: young.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: (3) 15
speaker_heading: COLEMAN (cont'd)
dialog: Without Viagra I would not be
dialog: doing something that makes no
dialog: sense, something that is ill
dialog: considered, and potentially
dialog: disastrous for all involved.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: So exactly where did you find, "La
dialog: Belle Dame sans Merci"?
scene_heading: 16 INT. ATHENA POST OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON 16
text: CLOSE ON FAUNIA FARLEY, the woman who was next to Coleman in
text: the fatal crash. WIDEN TO REVEAL her mopping the floor in
dialog: the one room Post Office.
text: A thin woman with high-cheekbones, and a certain aristocratic
text: carriage, she wears a cut-offs, a tee shirt and flip-flops.
dialog: She's the janitor.
text: There's a KNOCK on the door. She ignores it. The KNOCK is
text: repeated, insistently.
text: Finally, with an exasperated sigh, Faunia looks up.
text: HER POV - behind one of the glass door panes, a good-looking
text: older man - Coleman - is peering at her, frowning... holding
text: his hand to the glass like a salute so he can see inside...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Closed.
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Closed!
text: He can't HEAR her but says something she can't make out.
text: KNOCKS on the glass again.
text: HIS POV - Faunia comes to the glass opposite - they stare at
text: each other, each face framed through the glass pane.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I only want to use the stamp
dialog: machine to get a -!
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Can't you read?!
text: She points through the window to the sign where the post
dialog: office hours are posted -
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Come on..! I just want to use the
dialog: damn machine...
text: He points at the vending machine over her shoulder. She gets
text: it, considers, shrugs, what the hell. Unlocks the door -
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Hurry it up, okay?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Thanks... Thanks so much...
text: Coleman hastily goes inside. She looks briefly around - no
text: witnesses, and closes the door.
text: Inside, Coleman buys his book of stamps.
text: CLOSER ON FAUNIA--as she studies him.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Couldn't wait till tommorrow?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (smiles at her)
dialog: Look, I really appreciate it...
text: He takes his book of stamps and heads out. As she re-locks
dialog: the door we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ATHENA PUBLIC LIBRARY - DUSK 17
text: Another day. Coleman, wearing a different outfit, exits
text: carrying a stack of books. An ACADEMIC COUPLE he used to
text: know gives him a wide berth. Pretending he hasn't seen this
text: snub, Coleman gets in his Volvo and heads out of town.
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN'S VOLVO - DUSK 18
text: On Coleman--Driving home when he spots something ahead:
text: HIS POV, through the windshield, we sees the SUN setting
text: behind a big, old Chevy parked on the side of the road and
text: leaning against it, smoking a cigarette - is the woman
text: janitor from the post office. She wears a short denim skirt
text: and a t-shirt. Behind her a sign: AUDUBON SOCIETY.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SAME 19
text: WIDE SHOT--Coleman stops his car beside the Chevy.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (yelling through the
dialog: open window)
dialog: Car trouble?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Every other day.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Can I give you a lift?
text: She looks at him, considering - flicks away the butt.
scene_heading: 20 INT. COLEMAN'S VOLVO - LATER 20
dialog: Coleman drives.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Where can I drop you?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Nickerson's.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: The organic dairy?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Yeah...Mind if I smoke?
dialog: (she lights up, not
dialog: waiting for an
dialog: answer)
dialog: There's two dykes that run it.
dialog: (inhaling deeply)
dialog: I get a room in exchange for doing
dialog: the milking.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: So you work in the post office AND
dialog: the dairy...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: And the college. "Faunia Farley,
dialog: Custodial Staff". Says so on my
dialog: name tag.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (eyes on the road)
dialog: Sounds like you keep busy.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Action is the enemy of thought.
text: CLOSER ON COLEMAN--That gets his attention; he looks at her.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Who said that?
text: HIS POV; CLOSE ON FAUNIA-~staring out the windshield. She
text: exhales a long plume of smoke. We see that, much as she tries
dialog: to hide it, she is very beautiful.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Jesus,. you ask a lot of questions.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (reluctantly bringing
text: his eyes back to the
dialog: road)
dialog: You must know Smokey Hollenbeck.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Smokey hired me.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (glancing in her
dialog: direction)
dialog: And I hired Smokey.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (looks him in the eye)
dialog: I know you did.
text: Coleman holds her look for a moment longer than necessary
text: before turning his eyes back to the road.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. BARN AT THE DAIRY - TWILIGHT 21
text: WIDE SHOT--as Coleman's Volvo drives into an open area
text: between a large dairy barn and several outbuildings. It comes
text: to a stop.
scene_heading: 22 INT. VOLVO - SAME 22
text: There is a beat of silence, then:
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Well, I guess this is the end of
dialog: the line. Thanks for the lift.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I enjoyed it. I can't tell you how
dialog: long it's been since I've sat next
dialog: to an attractive--
text: As he is talking, Faunia takes a cigarette, starts to light
dialog: it.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: 22 CONTINUED: 22
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing; quickly
dialog: reaching for the
dialog: matches)
dialog: Here...
text: He strikes a match and lights her cigarette.
text: TIGHTER ON THEM--as she puts her hand up and rests it gently
text: on his hand.
text: TIGHTER ON HER as she blows out the match.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: You wanna’ come in?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (suddenly flustered)
dialog: Me? Thanks, but no...ah, I don't
dialog: think...
dialog: (then: )
dialog: Look, this may sound odd, but ah,
dialog: I haven't been this close to a
dialog: woman since--
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (finishing his
dialog: sentence)
dialog: Since your wife died. I know all
dialog: about it. Look, let's get
dialog: something straight, my friend. If
dialog: you're looking for sympathy,
dialog: you've come to the wrong place.
dialog: (inhaling deeply)
dialog: Sympathy's definitely not my
dialog: specialty.
dialog: (then as she gets
dialog: out:)
dialog: In any case thanks for the ride.
text: COLEMAN'S POV as she walks inside one of the buildings,
text: leaving the door open behind her.
text: CLOSE ON COLEMAN--He stares at her long after she has
text: disappeared, then looking up, he spots his reflection in the
text: rearview mirror--grins.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Action is the enemy of thought.
text: As he opens the door and gets out of the car we CUT TO:
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: INT. OUTBUILDING - SAME 23
text: ON THE DOOR-~-as he pushes open the door.
dialog: HIS POV: Although there is very little light we can see a
text: stairway leading to the second floor where a door is open and
text: a light on inside the room.
text: ON COLEMAN--as he starts up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. FAUNIA'S ROOM - SAME 24
text: ON COLEMAN--as. he steps inside. THE CAMERA PANS ACROSS TO
text: FAUNIA in bed; although the covers are around her we can see
text: that she is naked beneath them--clearly waiting for him.
text: CLOSER ON COLEMAN--He looks at her for a long beat and THE
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH HIM as he crosses to Faunia, sits beside
text: her on the bed.
text: ON FAUNIA--as he does she reaches up, wraps her arms around
text: his neck and draws him to her. As they kiss we FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. FAUNIA'S ROOM AT THE DAIRY - LATER 25
text: It is obvious they have just made love.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Now then, you gotta get out of
dialog: here. Nothing personal, but I
dialog: don't get my beauty sleep, I don't
dialog: wake in time to do the milking...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Will I see you again?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (guffawing)
dialog: Hell, you can't much miss me.
text: ON COLEMAN~-He leans forward, starts to kiss the inside of
dialog: her wrist, stops:
text: INSERT; HIS POV: across the wrist we see an ugly red scar.
text: THE CAMERA WHIP PANS ACROSS TO HER FACE--she looks at him
text: with a steady gaze.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The question is, will I see you
dialog: again?
dialog: Te: now that you've seen my wrist scars?
text: By way of answer, Coleman leans down and kisses her
text: passionately on the mouth.
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
text: TIGHT ON THE INTENSE KISS - as Coleman pulls away, Faunia's
text: eyes are still closed, but there's a little smile-
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing; barely
dialog: a whisper)
dialog: Now you're talking...
scene_heading: INT. BARTON HALL, ATHENA CAMPUS - EVENING 26
dialog: The corridor deserted at this hour. Over this we hear:
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: But they did see each other again
dialog: and again.
scene_heading: INT. ENGLISH CLASSROOM, BARTON HALL - EVENING 27
text: Faunia is dusting, collecting trash, etc. A car HORN. She
text: looks out the window.
text: HER POV - Coleman's Volvo out in front.
text: Faunia's face: no change of expression but she tugs the
text: kerchief out of her hair...
scene_heading: EXT. BARTON HALL, ATHENA CAMPUS - MOMENTS LATER 28
text: Faunia runs out the door towards the car; as she does she
text: brushes past a woman carrying a briefcase. Faunia reaches
text: Coleman's Volvo, jumps inside and as the door slams behind
dialog: her we
text: REVERSE ON THE WOMAN SHE PASSED--who turns to look. It is
dialog: Delphine Roux, the woman we saw at the "Spooks" héaring. She
text: watches the car drive away, her face a mask.
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN'S PORCH - NIGHT 29
text: Nathan and Coleman are playing gin. Nathan is dealing, his
text: eyes on Coleman.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You ought to know something,
dialog: Coleman--the jungle drums are
dialog: beating, you know the sort of
dialog: thing... "Small college town.
text: Distinguished professor flips out,
text: seen entering pharmacy, clutching
dialog: prescription."
dialog: (he discards)
speaker_heading: 29 CONTINUED:
dialog: 25.
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (studying his hand)
dialog: Ummm...
dialog: (then:)
dialog: Are you certain you want to
dialog: discard that?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (watching as Coleman
dialog: takes his discard)
dialog: Coleman, are you listening? Right
dialog: now we're living at a time and in
dialog: a country where people are doing
dialog: everything they can to bring down
dialog: the President .-
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Who happens to be a jerk...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Nevertheless, if they're doing
dialog: that to him, they sure as Hell
dialog: won't hesitate to go after you.
dialog: We can't just -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (looking up at Nathan)
dialog: Can I stop you right there? If
dialog: there's one word I've struggled
dialog: with all my life, Nathan, it's the
dialog: tyrannical word "we." We must, we
dialog: can't, we don't. I'm not talking
dialog: about we, I'm talking about me.
dialog: I'm not hurting anyone, I'm not
dialog: breaking any laws.
dialog: (grins)
dialog: I'm just having fantastic sex.
dialog: (laying down his
dialog: cards)
text: CLOSE ON NATHAN--studying his friend.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (with a look)
dialog: Coleman, there is no such thing as
dialog: just having fantastic sex.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. COLEMAN'S HOUSE - LATE AT NIGHT 30
text: ESTABLISHING SHOT--The house is dark.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: 31 INT. COLEMAN'S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT 31
text: The clock on a table beside the bed says: 12:15. THE CAMERA
text: MOVES ACROSS TO COLEMAN--who is awake watching Faunia whose
text: eyes are closed.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: What are you thinking?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: I'm thinking you're going to ruin
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: No I'm not.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: You are. "What are you thinking?"
dialog: Why can't you leave well enough
dialog: alone? Why do we have to talk?
text: He looks at her, says nothing - she relents.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing; opening
text: her eyes, looking at
dialog: him)
dialog: Alright, have it your way. I'm
dialog: thinking I'm a crow.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: A crow... Why do you-
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Uh uh. Your turn.
dialog: He's not sure where to begin -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I was wondering what it was like
dialog: making love -
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Fucking -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: All right, "fucking". What's it
dialog: like "fucking" an old man?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Perfect; no surprises. What's it
dialog: like being out of a job?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Lonely. Like you, I suspect. My
dialog: turn?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED: 31
text: She doesn't contradict him -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Aside from that dumb car, you
dialog: don't seem to have any
dialog: possessions. I mean, there's not
dialog: even a calendar on the wall--
text: She stops Coleman and begins to kiss him with great passion.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing; coming
dialog: up for air)
dialog: Action is the enemy of thought?
text: She sits up, annoyed -
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: All right! My life story, is that
dialog: what you want?
dialog: (fires up a cigarette)
dialog: Fine. I used to have lots of
dialog: "possessions". My father was
dialog: rich, I mean really rich. I grew
text: up in a big house outside of
dialog: Boston, oriental rugs, fireplaces
text: in every room, a staff of
dialog: servants-- the whole nine yards.
dialog: (noticing his look)
dialog: You don't believe me?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Yes. Yes, I do.
text: She settles back, blowing smoke -
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Then my parents got divorced. My
dialog: mother remarried - another rich
dialog: guy. The thing is this one
dialog: couldn't keep his hands off me.
dialog: (a beat:)
dialog: Bedtime stories were his
dialog: speciality - sweetheart, lemme
dialog: read you a story. Before I knew it
dialog: he had his fingers in my cunt--
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: Look, you don't have to -
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED:
dialog: 28.
dialog: (2) 31
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Hey, you asked.
dialog: (then: )
dialog: I told my mother, but she didn't
dialog: believe me. Nobody believed me.
dialog: When I was fourteen he tried to
dialog: fuck me. That's when I split.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: No possessions. I travel light.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I'm really -
text: She sits up abruptly -
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: What's w-
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Sssh!
text: They listen. Dead silence except for crickets...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: It's nothing. What could it be?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: It's Les.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Les? Who's -?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (peeks out the window)
dialog: My ex-husband. He works at a
dialog: garage in town. Follows me
dialog: around...shit.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (slipping on his
dialog: trousers)
dialog: If he's bothering you, I'll deal
dialog: with him...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (alarmed whisper)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED
dialog: She grabs
dialog: 29.
dialog: > (3) 31
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Hey, once upon a time I was
dialog: counted a pretty fair boxer...
dialog: him -
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: This is no joke. He's out of his
dialog: mind. He was in Viet Nam...Two
dialog: tours of duty. He used to kill
text: gooks and keep their ears on a
dialog: string. Just...
dialog: (she listens, then
dialog: releases him)
dialog: Maybe I imagined it.
text: She sits on the bed, shaking. He puts an arm around her.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: If I moved in my sleep he thought
dialog: it was gooks. Used to beat me so
dialog: bad...one time I was in a coma.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Jesus... Why does he follow you?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: He's crazy, I told you.
dialog: (then she gets to her
text: feet and starts to
dialog: dress)
dialog: I've got to go.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Stay.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: No.
dialog: (then:)
dialog: No, I never stay.
scene_heading: 32 INT. DAIRY BARN - THE NEXT MORNING 32
text: ON FAUNIA--She wears shorts, high, rubber boots and a tee-
text: shirt, not exactly romantic, but on her the effect is
text: curiously carnal. She moves through her morning routine of
dialog: milking.
text: She nudges a COW into position -
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: C'mon Maggie, that's a good girl...
dialog: (then: )
dialog: Move your ass, Flossie you old
dialog: bitch.
text: Suddenly Faunia realizes that she isn't alone; she looks 0O.S.
dialog: smiles:
dialog: COLEMAN SILK--Who knows how long he has been standing
dialog: watching her;
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (returning her smile)
dialog: Hi...
text: ON FAUNIA--She looks at him and nods; there is an unexpected
text: dignity in her gaze.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I, ah...got to thinking and...ah,
dialog: when you reach my age it wouldn't
dialog: hurt if I were to start drinking
dialog: more milk. I mean...
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Calcium--that sort of thing.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (amused)
dialog: The milk's in that old fridge by
text: the door. Leave a couple of
dialog: dollars in the mason jar on the
dialog: top.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Fine...
text: Nevertheless, he doesn't move.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FAUNIA IN A SERIES OF DISSOLVES WE SEE: Faunia
text: gently, but firmly shoving the cows into position. We see her
text: attaching the cups to the cows teats and massaging the
text: udders. There are patches of sweat between her shoulder
text: blades and beneath her breasts. Her shorts are ripped along
text: the side and we note that she isn't wearing underwear. This
dialog: is all powerfully erotic without being premeditated in the
text: least. Coleman watches, mesmerized. All through this she is
text: talking to him.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Come on, Daisy... After I left
dialog: Boston, I was in Florida for a
dialog: while, doing this and that.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED: (2) 32
speaker_heading: FAUNIA (cont'd)
dialog: A girl like me can always get by.
dialog: Hand me that hose - the red one-
text: Coleman hands it to her - enchanted by her sensual movements
text: as she goes about her work... her hands...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Then I got tired of that, came up
dialog: here and married - guess what - a
dialog: dairy farmer. Lester Farley. I
dialog: was 20...
dialog: (she looks at Coleman
dialog: who is watching her)
dialog: What are you looking at?
text: CLOSER ON COLEMAN--Hew smiles, shrugs.
text: TIGHT ON FAUNIA--She returns the smile, then goes back to
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I remember one time we got in this
dialog: huge fight in the barn and I threw
dialog: cow shit at him. He threw cow shit
dialog: back at me; next thing you know
dialog: we're both covered in cow shit and
dialog: laughing like hell. Best day of
dialog: the marriage.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (more to make
dialog: conversation than
dialog: anything)
dialog: You never had kids?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (a beat:)
dialog: No. No kids.
scene_heading: 33 INT. VA HOSPITAL - DAY 33
text: CLOSE ON LESTER FARLEY-~He is the same man who we saw in the
text: opening sequence, sitting in the truck; the same man who ran
text: Coleman Silk and Faunia off the road.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST (0.S.)
dialog: Did you ever kill anyone in
dialog: Vietnam, Mr. Farley?
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: : 33
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (he looks around
dialog: amused)
dialog: Did I kill anyone?
dialog: (taking out a pack of
dialog: cigarettes)
dialog: Wasn't that what I was supposed to
dialog: do when they sent me to Vietnam?
dialog: Fucking kill gooks? They said
dialog: everything goes so...I guess
dialog: everything went. You have a match?
text: A moment later someone from 0.S. hands him a pack of matches.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (continuing; good
dialog: manners)
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (he lights his
dialog: cigarette, inhales)
dialog: Look, let's get something straight
dialog: right off the bat, I never hurt
dialog: her, okay? Never. And I never hurt
dialog: the kids. That was all lies. She
dialog: never cared about anyone but
dialog: herself. I should've never let her
dialog: go off with the kids. She--
dialog: (interrupting himself
dialog: You sure you don't mind me smoking?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST (O.S.)
dialog: Not at all.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: She waited until I was in rehab.
dialog: That's why she wanted to get me in
dialog: rehab to start with, so she could
dialog: take the kids. She used the whole
dialog: thing against me to get the kids
dialog: away. She had no right to steal my
dialog: kids. And now she's fucking this
dialog: old Jew.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I should've killed her back then.
scene_heading: 34 INT. VERMONT "MADAMASKA INN" RESTAURANT - NIGHT 34
text: Coleman has taken to Faunia to a candlelit dinner at a New
text: England gourmet inn. Faunia is nicely dressed; Coleman wears
dialog: a tie.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: I don't know why we had to do
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: It's a meal, not a commitment.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Have it your way.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hope I'm not late...
text: They look up. It's Nathan.
text: TIGHT ON FAUNIA--She turns to Coleman with the look of ‘an
text: animal caught in a trap.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (to Nathan)
dialog: We just got here.
dialog: (to Faunia, ignoring
dialog: her look)
dialog: Faunia, I'd like you to meet my
dialog: friend Nathan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Hi.
text: He extends his hand, which she ignores, glaring at Coleman.
text: Nathan sits, recovering, just then the maitre'd appears
text: hovering at Faunia's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MAITRE'D
dialog: (handing her a menu)
dialog: Madame the specialty of the house
dialog: is game...
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Perhaps the venison.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: MAITRE'D
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Or perhaps Madame would prefer the
dialog: fish. In that case I would
dialog: recommend this...
dialog: (pointing to one item
dialog: on the menu)
dialog: Or this...
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: (2) 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
text: She slams the menu into the waiter.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Whatever he's having...
dialog: (indicating Coleman)
dialog: Ditto for me.
text: QUICK CUT NATHAN--as he suddenly realizes that Faunia cannot
dialog: read.
text: TIGHT ON FAUNIA--who interprets Nathan's avoidance of his
text: friend's gaze correctly.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That's right, Mr. Zuckerman. I
dialog: can't read.
text: And she's out of there. Coleman is on his feet now -
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Coleman -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (going after her)
dialog: Look, I'm sorry -
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Another time...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Right...
text: Nathan sits alone at the table set for three...
scene_heading: EXT. MADAMASKA INN - NIGHT 35
text: Coleman pursuing Faunia as she storms into his VOLVO. As
text: Coleman climbs into the driver's side,
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN'S VOLVO - SAME 36
text: She's staring straight ahead...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Full of surprises, aren't you?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Take it easy. He's my friend,
dialog: okay? I wanted you to get to know
dialog: one another.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Because you're so proud of me,
dialog: right?
dialog: (lighting a cigarette)
dialog: You've really come down in the
dialog: world, haven't you? Dean of
dialog: Faculty, professor of classics -
dialog: and look at you, fucking a
dialog: cleaning lady who can't. even
dialog: fucking read..!
text: Coleman says nothing. There's nothing he can say.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing; her
dialog: voice. quiet)
dialog: You're going to drop me now,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Why are you always-
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Because you're not up to fucking
dialog: somebody who can't read. That's
dialog: what you were thinking -
text: It's exactly what he was thinking, but Coleman kisses her
text: hard, his hands on her breasts.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You're wrong. I'm going to fuck
dialog: you extra hard because you can't
dialog: read.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (throaty laugh)
dialog: Now you're talking.
scene_heading: EXT. VOLVO - SAME 37
text: Coleman's car pulls out and THE CAMERA PANS OVER TO REVEAL
text: THE RED PICK-UP (the same one that forced Coleman's car off
text: the road earlier). After a pause the pick-up's engine rumbles
text: to life and it begins to follow the Volvo.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DAIRY - NIGHT 38
text: We see Coleman's Volvo parked near the small house where
text: Faunia stays. All the lights are out; everything is quiet.
text: THE CAMERA PANS AWAY FROM THE VOLVO, PAST THE BARN AND COMES
text: TO REST ON THE RED PICK UP. It moves slowly around the corner
text: of the barn, lights off, and comes to a stop facing the
text: house, the motor idling.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 38
text: CLOSE ON THE TRUCK--Through the window we see the flare of a
text: match as Lester Farley lights a cigarette.
scene_heading: INT. FAUNIA'S ROOM AT THE DAIRY -SAME 39
text: The room is dark, lit only by the moonlight coming through
text: the windows. THE CAMERA PANS ACROSS TO THE BED where Faunia
text: and Coleman lay sleeping, wrapped around one another. THE
text: CAMERA MOVES INTO A CLOSE SHOT OF FAUNIA as she comes wide
text: awake. In the distance we hear the sound of Lester's truck
text: idling. Her sudden motion brings Coleman awake.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: What is it? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: It's Les. He's out there. I can
text: hear the truck.
text: In the silence we can hear the engine of the truck as Les
text: revs the engine slightly.
text: Coleman grabs for his trousers.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I'll take care of this.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (panic)
dialog: No, don't! He's crazy.
text: But it is too late. Coleman has his trousers on and is
text: pulling a sweater over his head.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - MOMENTS LATER 40
text: As we watch, the high beams of the truck are turned on. A
text: moment later Lester Farley appears in front of the truck
text: silhouetted against the glare of the headlights.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Come out of there you murdering
dialog: bitch!
text: ON THE DOOR--as it opens and Coleman steps outside holding a
dialog: tire iron.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Come here you. I wanna talk to you!
text: CLOSER ON LES: locking eyes with Coleman.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Did she tell you?! Did she?! I bet
dialog: not!
dialog: (shouting so Faunia
dialog: can hear)
dialog: I bet you fucking didn't!
dialog: (back to Coleman)
dialog: Did she tell you she was giving
dialog: some guy a blow job while her kids
dialog: were catching fire? Did she?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Get out of here before I brain you!
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Put that fucking thing down before
dialog: I ram it through your fucking
dialog: skull!
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S VOICE
dialog: Les!
text: TIGHT ON LES--He stops, looks at her. At the sight of her his
text: face suffuses with pain.
text: HIS POV: Faunia stands just outside the door, now she is
text: wearing Coleman's shirt and baggy work pants. She holds up a
dialog: revolver for him to see.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (from her tone of
dialog: voice she is
dialog: practiced in dealing
dialog: with her ex-husband)
dialog: Don't try anything, Les. I've
dialog: already called the police.
text: CLOSE ON LES--He stands in the open area, staring at his
text: wife, his chest heaving.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You murdering, fucking cunt!
text: In the distance we hear a police siren approaching.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Get the fuck away from here.
text: Just then a squad car with lights and sirens roars up.
text: CLOSE ON LES~-He freezes.
text: ON THE SQUAD CAR--The doors open and two cops race towards
dialog: Les.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED:
dialog: He swings
dialog: 38.
dialog: (2) 40
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Look who's here! Fucking
dialog: government gonna stick me back in
dialog: rehab?! No fuckin' way..!
speaker_heading: 1ST COP
dialog: Come on, Les...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Watch out -!
text: at one of the cops, two more grab him from behind.
text: He struggles but to no avail.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Fucking payback for what I did in
dialog: 'Nam -!
text: The COPS have tackled Les but it isn't easy. They wrestle him
text: to the ground and drag him to the squad car.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Rehab again, right?! Thorazine
dialog: for breakfast, right?! Fucking
dialog: government. This is the fucking
dialog: thanks I get for serving my
dialog: country--for all the shit I went
dialog: through.
dialog: (as they drag him
dialog: back towards the
dialog: police car)
dialog: They didn't give us a fucking
dialog: chance. They say we lost the war.
dialog: We didn't lose the war, the
dialog: fucking government lost the war.
dialog: I walked the walk, man. You can't
dialog: know the shit I've seen. And then
dialog: I come home to this!
text: The COPS have reached the squad car, they open the back door
text: VERY TIGHT ON LES--as they force him into the back seat, he
dialog: stares at
text: his wife with a terrifying ferocity.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Fucking a goddamn carpenter while
dialog: her kids are on fire! I shoulda
dialog: killed you and my kids when I had
dialog: the chance - !
text: As the door slams, blocking him from view, we CUT TO:
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: 41 INT. FAUNIA'S ROOM AT THE DAIRY - LATER 41
text: Faunia sits on the edge of the bed, shivering. Coleman is
text: beside her, saying nothing, watching her patiently. Finally
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: You wanted to know why I didn't
dialog: have any possessions. Well, now I
dialog: guess you found out...
text: She fumbles under the bed. Fishes out a small URN and places
text: it on her lap.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing; stares
dialog: at it)
dialog: This is what's left of my kids.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: It was an accident. A space
text: heater tipped over and the place
dialog: caught fire.
text: Tears stand in her eyes - spill down her cheeks...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: clutching it to her
dialog: breast, rocking it)
dialog: I can never figure out what to do
dialog: with them. Keep them? Bury them?
dialog: My sole remaining "possession" and
dialog: I don't know what to do with it.
dialog: You got any bright ideas,
dialog: Professor? Or is this all too
dialog: trailer trash for you?
text: He puts his arms around her, allowing her choking sobs -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (gently)
dialog: It's all right. It's over. It's
dialog: all over now...
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: But it wasn't. Not by a long shot.
scene_heading: 42 INT. COLEMAN'S HOUSE, KITCHEN - MORNING 42
text: Coleman stands at the counter, the New York Times in front of
text: him, spritzing a cappuccino a portable phone tucked to his
text: ear... MUSIC on the radio...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Lisa, darling, it's Dad...how's it
dialog: going...? What? I can't hear you.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42
text: He turns down his radio -
scene_heading: INT. LISA'S TINY NYC APT. - MORNING 43
text: Lisa, at her cluttered desk, filled with paperwork. She's
text: attractive, with her mother's important hair but without
text: Iris' aura of authority. Lisa is always overwhelmed.
text: And just now upset as well, curt...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I said I'm fine.
text: INTERCUT WITH a puzzled COLEMAN -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You don't sound fine.
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: How's the class coming?
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: What happened to the little kid
dialog: who couldn't recognize the letter
dialog: N? Did he ever get it? Lisa?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Everything's fine.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: Would you care to know how I am?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I know how you are.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (vague premonition)
dialog: Do you?
text: She's staring into space, passing a hand over her forehead.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sweetheart, what's the matter?
dialog: You sound -
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Dad, Marky told me all about it!
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Told you all about what?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Dad, everyone in Athena knows-~-
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (his anger rising)
dialog: Who? Who is everyone?
text: The line goes dead.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Lisa? Lisa...!
scene_heading: INT. NELSON PRIMUS' LAW OFFICE, ATHENA - DAY 44
text: INSERT: A NEATLY FOLDED PIECE OF TYPING PAPER--written in big
text: block letters with a red ball point pen we read: "EVERYONE
text: KNOWS YOU'RE EXPLOITING AN ABUSED ILLITERATE WOMAN HALF YOUR
dialog: AGE."
scene_heading: NELSON .PRIMUS'S VOICE OVER
dialog: Everyone knows you're exploiting
text: an abused illiterate woman half
dialog: your age.
text: REVERSE ON NELSON PRIMUS, Coleman's attorney, an amiable
text: fellow in his thirties; he wears a suit that hints of Ralph
text: Lauren more than Brooks Brothers. Nelson rapidly rereads the
text: letter, mumbling the words together-
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: "Evéryone knows you're exploiting
text: an abused illiterate woman half
dialog: your age."
text: A grim smile as he sets aside the letter and looks O.S.:
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Well, if this doesn't take the
dialog: cake-
text: CROSS-CUT TO COLEMAN--pacing back and forth in front of his
dialog: attorney's desk.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: That's not all; my kids have even
dialog: got wind of it.
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: You don't say...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: What's more, I know damn well who
dialog: wrote this - Delphine Roux.
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED:
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 44
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Professor of Languages and
dialog: Literature.
dialog: (irate)
dialog: I hired her for Christ's sake! I
dialog: hired all of them..!
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: Why would she send you something
dialog: like this?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I've no idea. How should I know?
dialog: You're my lawyer. I want you to
dialog: send her a letter and warn her off.
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: She'll just deny she ever -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: That's her writing! Any
dialog: handwriting expert would con-
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: You're being hasty -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: No! No I'm not -
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: Yes you are, same as when you
dialog: resigned from the college, just as
dialog: the whole "Spooks" thing was on
dialog: the point of blowing over. I told
dialog: you then -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: And I told you: they killed my
dialog: wife! What else could I-?
speaker_heading: NELSON
text: Coleman. Slow down. SIT.
text: Reluctantly, Coleman obeys. Nelson studies him.
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Listen to me, professor. Forget
dialog: about the letter. You got bigger
dialog: fish to fry. What are you going to
dialog: do about Lester Farley?
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Get a restraining order, an
dialog: injunction, I don't know...
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: A restraining order. Have you any
dialog: idea what you're getting into
dialog: here, Coleman? What it looks like
dialog: from the outside?
dialog: (leaning back in his
dialog: chair)
dialog: After thirty-some years of
dialog: academic distinction ina
dialog: community you virtually created
dialog: from scratch, suddenly you've gone
dialog: off the deep end. You want me, to
dialog: fight a legal war for you on two
dialog: fronts - one of them with a
dialog: phantom correspondent and the
dialog: other with a psychotic who's been
dialog: locked up twice in the mental ward
dialog: at the VA hospital in Northampton,
dialog: under real restraints, not legal
dialog: ones.
dialog: Before Coleman can get in a word -
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sure I can get a restraining
dialog: order, but will that restrain him?
dialog: I can get you a handwriting
dialog: expert. I can get you a
dialog: bulletproof vest. But what I can't
dialog: provide is what you're never going
dialog: to know as long as you're involved
dialog: with this woman: a scandal-free,
dialog: Farley-free life. Is she HIV
dialog: negative, by the way? Did you
dialog: have her tested, Coleman? Did you
dialog: use a condom, Coleman? And if you
dialog: don't use protection, does SHE?
dialog: How do you know she doesn't want
dialog: to use you to help make up for
dialog: what she's lost? Do I represent
dialog: you in the paternity suit, Coleman?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I can handle Lester if I have to-
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: But why do you have to? Give up
dialog: the girl, Achilles.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 44
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED:
dialog: 44,
dialog: (3) 44
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (stiffening)
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: (grins)
dialog: I took your intro to European lit
dialog: umpteen years ago as an undergrad.
dialog: Never forgot your lectures on
dialog: Homer. Achilles, listen to me: you
dialog: have to give up the girl. Give
dialog: her up and your troubles go away.
dialog: I'm speaking as your friend as
dialog: well as your attorney. Faunia
dialog: Farley is not in your league and
dialog: she's not from your world. Last
dialog: night you got a good look at her
dialog: world - Coleman, the fact is she
dialog: ain't worth it.
dialog: (a amiable smile)
dialog: Achilles on Viagra - how much
dialog: sense does that make anyway?
text: Coleman looks up at him - he's pale with fury. But when he
dialog: speaks, it is with deadly quiet -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Are you quite finished?
text: The tone gives Nelson pause. Coleman rises to his feet.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You're a genuine vocal master,
dialog: Nelson. And so rich with contempt
dialog: for every last human problem
dialog: you've never had to face.
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: Listen, I was only -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You listen: I never again want to
dialog: hear that self-admiring voice of
dialog: yours - or see your smug, lily
text: white face.
text: And with that he turns and stalks out. We HOLD ON THE OPEN
text: DOOR to the outer office as Nelson's secretary sticks her
dialog: head in.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Is anything wrong, Mr. Primus?
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 44
text: ON NELSON--he stands looking after Coleman.
speaker_heading: NELSON
dialog: (to himself,
dialog: perplexed)
dialog: What the hell do you suppose he
dialog: meant by, "lily white."
text: WHAM! The SOUND of a PUNCH: landing -!
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM BOXING RING - DAY 45
text: TIGHT ON AN IRISH KID--big, although he cannot be more than
text: eighteen as he takes the jab, blinks in surprise; then lashes
text: out in a fury.
text: TIGHT ON THE YOUNG COLEMAN SILK--aged 17 as he easily steps
text: away from his opponenent's punch, feints with his left and
text: slams a right hook into the Irish kids mid-section.
text: Note: As Coleman boxes, we notice the barest trace of a smile
text: on his face; he knows just how good he is.
dialog: 
text: THEN IN A SERIES OF VERY QUICK CUTS we watch as Coleman bores
text: in on his opponent, easily dancing out of the way each time
text: the other boy tries to throw a punch. Over this we
text: SUPERIMPOSE: "EAST ORANGE, NEW JERSEY 1944." Then, as the
dialog: bell rings we CUT TO:
text: WIDER ANGLE--We see we're in a GYMNASIUM, where a group of
text: twenty-five or thirty men have crowded around a boxing ring,
text: cheering on the two young men.
text: IN COLEMAN'S CORNER, DOC CHIZNER, Coleman's coach. A Dentist
dialog: in his 50's, Doc coaches kids but also referees big matches
text: in Madison Square Garden. Coleman, covered with sweat,
text: breathing hard returns to his corner, drops onto a stool.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Coleman, wait for it! Wait for it!
dialog: Let him do the work...Ah..!
text: As Doc and the CUTMAN work him over:
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Listen to me, kid. You're smarter
dialog: than him, you read me? Smarter.
dialog: He's a putz. You counter punch.
dialog: (tapping him on the
dialog: side of the face)
dialog: Coleman, pay attention...
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 45
text: Coleman, breathing deeply, staring at his opponent across the
text: ring, nods.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Counter punch. That's your game.
text: Just then the bell sounds. Coleman charges out. As Doc
dialog: watches, Coleman puts his strategy to devastating
dialog: effect -it's like previews of Mohammed Ali. Coleman dancing
text: away, dodging the punches - he's enjoying himself, enjoying
text: using his brains in this brawny situation... bobbing and
text: weaving. And then - WHAM! the counter punch from nowhere. As
text: the Irish kid drops to his knees.
scene_heading: EXT. GYMNASIUM - LATER 46
text: ON THE DOOR--as it opens and the young Coleman, carrying a
text: gym bag in one hand and a stack of books in the other, steps
text: out. He holds the door open for Doc Chizner.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Next week, West Point...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Doc, that guy's got five pounds on
dialog: me.
text: THE CAMERA TRACKS WITH THE TWO MEN as they walk towards Doc
text: Chizner's car.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (confident)
dialog: But he's slow. You can take him
dialog: easy. Besides the Pitt coach is
dialog: gonna' be there. He's a buddy of
dialog: mine. I want him to see you fight.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: So?
text: They walk in silence for several beats, then:
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: So, once he sees you fight and
dialog: once I tell him about your grades,
dialog: I'm pretty sure he'll offer you a
dialog: scholarship to Pitt.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I can't go to Pitt. My father
dialog: wants me to go to Howard.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 46 CONTINUED: 46
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: He's an optician, your dad?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Used to be, he lost his business
dialog: in the depression.
text: By now they have reached Doc Chizner's car.
dialog: . boc
dialog: Look, Coleman, just box for the
dialog: guy. That's all. Then let's see
dialog: what happens.
text: He starts to get into the car, stops, turns back to Coleman.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (continuing;
dialog: embarrassed to be
dialog: saying this)
dialog: One thing. When you meet the guy
dialog: from Pitt, don't tell him you're
dialog: colored, okay?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Don't tell him?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Don't bring it up. You're neither
dialog: one thing or the other. You're
dialog: Silky Silk. That's all.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: He won't know?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: How's he gonna know? Here's the
dialog: top kid from East Orange High and
dialog: he's with Doc Chizner; he's gonna
dialog: think you're Jewish.
text: And with that, Doc gets into the car and drives away as we
text: HOLD ON YOUR COLEMAN watching the car disappear a thoughtful
text: look on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY, EAST ORANGE - TWILIGHT 47
text: TRACKING WITH COLEMAN--as he races down the alleyway, pushes
text: his way through a back gate and dashes up a short staircase,
text: two steps at a time.
text: ON THE BACK DOOR--where his sister ERNESTINE, a light skinned
text: African American girl of fifteen is waiting for him.
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (an urgent whisper)
dialog: You're late!
scene_heading: INT. SILK HOUSE, EAST ORANGE, NJ - NIGHT 48
text: As Coleman pushes through the door, hands Ernestine his gym
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I know. Hide this for me willya-
text: THE CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM as they walk through the kitchen
text: toward the dining room.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Walter's home on leave -!
scene_heading: INT. SILK DINING ROOM - EVENING 49
text: ON THE DOOR--as Coleman steps through the door into the
text: dining room; it is attractively but inexpensively furnished.
text: Framed reproductions of flower painting and landscapes are on
dialog: the walls.
text: THE CAMERA PANS ACROSS TO THE DINING TABLE where the Silk
text: family sits at dinner. Coleman's parents are light-skinned
dialog: African Americans.
text: Coleman's MOTHER is a primly attractive woman who sits very
text: straight in her chair - a nurse by profession.
text: Coleman's FATHER is a barrel-chested man with intelligent
text: features. He wears a tasteful, but inexpensive suit.
text: The atmosphere in the room has a definite chill.
text: ON COLEMAN--as he takes a seat next to his brother WALTER,
text: who is wearing a spiffy army uniform -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Sorry, I'm late--
text: ON COLEMAN'S FATHER--who says nothing, doesn't look up at his
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (coming to Coleman's
dialog: rescue)
dialog: What's this I hear about you being
dialog: class Valedictorian?
text: Mr. Silk continues to eat, saying nothing. Walter throws a
text: glance toward Coleman. Coleman shrugs.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
text: Just then Ernestine enters the room having stashed Coleman's
text: gym bag somewhere.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Hey, with the only four point o
dialog: grade average, who else were they--
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Yes, we're very proud of Coleman.
text: Nothing. Mr. Silk doesn't bother to look up.
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: (icy)
dialog: May I inquire how you did, Coleman?
text: TIGHT ON COLEMAN--again he shoots Walter a look, this time
text: Walter shrugs.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: How I did?
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: Night before last, at the Knights
dialog: of Pythias arena. I'm asking
dialog: whether you won or lost your bout.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (furious, to
dialog: Ernestine)
dialog: Did you tell them?
dialog: However before she can reply:
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: Kindly answer my question.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (glum)
dialog: I won.
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: (like a prosecuting
dialog: attorney)
dialog: And how many fights have you won
dialog: so far?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Eleven.
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: And how many have you lost?
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED:
dialog: 50.
dialog: (2) 49
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: None, so far.
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: (acid)
dialog: And when are you planning on
dialog: turning professional?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (coming to Coleman's
dialog: defense)
dialog: Dad, he's only--
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: (not bothering to
dialog: even look at Walter)
dialog: This does not concern you, Walter.
dialog: (to Coleman)
dialog: I asked you a question, young man.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (eyes averted)
dialog: Doc says I could get an athletic
dialog: scholarship, maybe to Pitt.
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: Like Walter, you will go to
dialog: Howard. And after Howard, should
dialog: you choose to become a doctor, you
dialog: will not be doing your hands any
dialog: good, pummeling them in a boxing
dialog: ring.
dialog: (getting to his feet)
dialog: You know, if I were your father,
dialog: Coleman, you know what I'd tell
dialog: you now?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You are my father.
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: I'm not at all sure. I was
dialog: thinking that Doc Chizner was your
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: He's my coach, that's all. He
dialog: teaches me how to fight. You're
dialog: my father.
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: Well if I were your father, you
dialog: know what I'd tell you now?
dialog: Sl.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: (3) 49
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: S1
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (his voice a whisper)
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: I would say, "You won last night.
dialog: Good. Now you can retire
dialog: undefeated."
dialog: (firm)
dialog: You're retired.
dialog: (getting to his feet)
dialog: Now, if you'll excuse me, I don't
dialog: want to miss my train.
text: A SHRILL TRAIN WHISTLE OVER..!
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD DINING CAR - DAY 50
text: Filled with DINERS and uniformed WAITERS bustling among white
text: tablecloths, Mr. Silk, among them, carrying an overloaded
speaker_heading: TRAY.
speaker_heading: DINER
dialog: Boy, this fish is overcooked...
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: Sorry, sir...
speaker_heading: DINER
dialog: I'd like to change my order...
speaker_heading: MR. SILK
dialog: Yes, sir, very good, sir,...
text: He picks up the man's plate, puts it on the laden tray along
text: with food, glasses and utensils, starts back to the galley -
text: Suddenly he collapses, bringing down dishes with a CRASH!
text: that startles everyone in the dining car.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST ORANGE CEMETERY - DAY 51
text: A dreary spot. A knot of MOURNERS across from Mr. Silk's
text: coffin. Mrs. Silk upright as always, her hair now tinged
text: with GREY, a handkerchief to her mouth, holds Ernestine's
dialog: hand.
text: Ernestine's tears stream silently down...
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: THE MINISTER
dialog: "Cowards die many times before
dialog: their deaths; the valiant never
dialog: taste of death but once."
dialog: Clarence Silk knew well those
dialog: lines from Julius Caesar. But I
dialog: don't think there's any question
dialog: here about who was valiant.
dialog: PAN TO COLEMAN, stunned -
text: The coffin now lowered into the ground...
speaker_heading: THE MINISTER'S VOICE
dialog: Ashes to ashes...
scene_heading: INT. (COLEMAN'S) DARK ROOM - EVENING 52
text: At first we don't know where we are. Then a DOOR is opened,
text: revealing a SILHOUETTE -
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Coleman?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Leave it off...Please...
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Alright.
text: She closes the door and walks tentatively towards Coleman,
text: who lies in his bed. Gradually, our eyes become accustomed to
text: the dark; his mother sits on the edge of the bed.
text: She's in her crisp, starched white NURSE'S UNIFORM -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You on duty? Tonight?
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: It's better this way. For me,
dialog: anyway...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I never knew him. Not really. I
dialog: didn't have any idea what he went
dialog: through. Every...
dialog: (on the verge of
dialog: saying "godamned"
dialog: but checks himself
text: in front of his
dialog: mother)
dialog: ...Single day...
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED:
dialog: 53.
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: I don't believe he wanted you to
dialog: know, dear. He couldn't see the
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I can see the point. The point is
dialog: if you're Colored it doesn't
dialog: matter how much you know, you work
dialog: in the dining car. That's the
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Coleman, if it's your education,
dialog: you don't have to worry. Your
dialog: father's insurance and your own
dialog: academic record will see to it
dialog: that you get into Howard.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Mom, Howard isn't ‘a real
dialog: university. Howard's no different
dialog: from East Orange.
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Coleman!
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (he must make himself
dialog: heard, despite the
dialog: cost)
dialog: I heard all about Howard from
dialog: Walt. He said they're always
dialog: talking about "the negro people."
dialog: About "We the negro people." Mom,
dialog: I'm not a "political" person. I
dialog: don't know who this "we" is.
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Your father wanted you to know who
dialog: you were; to be proud of your race.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (with passion)
dialog: What about me?! What about just
dialog: being proud of being me? I don't
dialog: want to be part of some group. I
dialog: don't want to be "a Howard Negro."
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Coleman, your father wanted the
dialog: best for you. He--
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: (2) 52
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: And what about what I want?! It's
dialog: my life! Don't I get any say in
dialog: the matter?
dialog: (softening his tone)
dialog: Mom, I just want a chance to be
dialog: the best I can be. Why is that so
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: I'm ‘not clever enough to argue
dialog: with you, Coleman...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
text: (he puts an arm
dialog: around her)
dialog: Then don't. Don't let's argue.
dialog: I love you, Mom, but don't ask me
dialog: to go there...
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Coleman... you're barely eighteen;
dialog: what're you going to do?
scene_heading: 53 INT. FEDERAL BUILDING, NAVAL RECRUITING OFFICE - DAY 53
text: Scores of YOUNG MEN filling out forms. PAN THE ROOM TO REVEAL
text: A large CALENDAR with the date - October 6, 1944 and several
dialog: propaganda POSTERS which inform us that "There's still a war
dialog: to be won" in the Pacific, "One down, One to Go" etc.
text: DISCOVER COLEMAN staring at his application form.
text: HIS POV: on the query demanding his age and date of birth.
text: Coleman fills out the data, then looks over to -
scene_heading: PAN TO THE NEXT QUESTION: RACE
scene_heading: The form offers WHITE, NEGRO, ORIENTAL, OTHER
text: Coleman stares at the boxes - WHITE... NEGRO...
text: Instinctively he looks around the room before returning his
dialog: scrutiny to the categories. Then:
text: CLOSE ON HIS PENCIL MAKING THE MARK IN THE BOX MARKED
speaker_heading: WHITE.
text: WIDER ANGLE--as Coleman hands the form to the NAVY RECRUITER,
text: a young man (white) in a crisp white uniform. He studies the
text: form, looks up at Coleman.
text: CLOSE ON COLEMAN--certain that he has been found out.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: 54
scene_heading: CROSS-CUTTING BETWEEN THEM:
speaker_heading: NAVAL RECRUITER
dialog: {a big smile)
dialog: Welcome to the Navy, young man.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN'S CABIN, BERKSHIRES - NIGHT 54
text: NATHAN, who looks up from the letter, which he has just read.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: So what did the lawyer say?
text: Coleman, still dressed as at Primus', paces, irritated,
dialog: confused -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: He wouldn't even discuss the
dialog: letter, he just... Well, he ~
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (not really a
dialog: guestion)
dialog: Was more worried about Lester
dialog: Farley?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN .
dialog: I don't want to talk about Lester
dialog: Farley..!
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (hands him the glass)
dialog: What DO you want to talk about?
dialog: You show up here, all in a lather -
text: Silence, as Coleman struggles with his emotions.
text: Nathan studies him, then, softly -
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Listen, I was at the post office
dialog: this morning, I heard people
dialog: saying you got Faunia Farley
dialog: pregnant, that she had an abortion
dialog: and tried to kill herself--
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Did they add she's an opium eater,
dialog: while they were at it? And don't
dialog: forget the best part, she's an
dialog: "illiterate woman"!
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Coleman, I know it's bullshit, I'm
dialog: your friend, remember ~-?
text: Coleman bangs down the glass of ice tea -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Then act like it.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Coleman, don't take these people
dialog: on.
dialog: (gesturing toward the
dialog: television where the
dialog: impeachment hearings
dialog: are playing)
dialog: They're all crazy to blame, crazy
dialog: to punish-
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: So I just throw her to the wolves?
dialog: (Realizes)
dialog: She's waiting for that. To her,
dialog: sex and betrayal are as basic as
dialog: bread.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'm not thinking about her. I'm
dialog: thinking about you.
text: But Coleman is cranking up...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Christ, my own kids - I never
dialog: allowed any of them to watch TV
dialog: and they manifest the mentality of
dialog: a soap opera. The best schools,
dialog: superior SAT scores, post graduate
dialog: degrees and where their father's
dialog: concerned, Jerry Springer is the
dialog: best they can do -?? Don't be
dialog: like them.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (helpless)
dialog: I don't know what you want me to
dialog: Say...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I want you to acknowledge that
dialog: something important is taking
dialog: place between me and this woman -
dialog: something worthy of respect.
dialog: Don't judge me.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: (2) 54
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: COLEMAN (cont'd)
dialog: And for heavens sake don't judge
dialog: her.
text: Nathan is flummoxed, having trouble following...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: She's - what are you telling me?
dialog: She's the love of your life?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Okay, look, granted, she's not my
dialog: first love and granted, she's not
dialog: my Great Love, okay? But she's
dialog: sure as hell my Last Love. Isn't
dialog: that worth something? Isn't it?
text: And he opens the door and walks out into the night
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: And with my failure to reach him,
dialog: all the doors but one had been
text: slammed in Coleman's face.
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN SILK'S BEDROOM, ATHENA - NIGHT 55
text: Coleman and Faunia together after making love, listening to
dialog: "The Man I Love"... she's smoking...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Dance for me.
dialog: (her look)
dialog: Dance.
text: Undismayed and naked, Faunia stubs out the cigarette, gets
text: out of bed and undulates to sultry Gershwin.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: This is more than sex.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: No, it's not... You just forgot
dialog: what sex is. Don't fuck it up by
dialog: pretending it's something else.
text: STAY with Coleman, watching, not a depleted old man, but a
text: lover... Faunia's performance darkly reflected in an antique
text: oval MIRROR above the head of the bed just over Coleman...
text: She dances.
text: He watches. A connection between them... Faunia is not self
dialog: conscious.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
text: Her movements are small, not dancing really, rather
text: rhythmically exhibiting herself in tiny gestures for him...
text: Then in a series of slow dissolves as THE CAMERA MOVES IN ON
speaker_heading: HER:
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Don't fall in love with me.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Keep dancing...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (dancing)
dialog: You're falling in love... Look at
dialog: you, Coleman, you're a little boy
text: in love with his piano teacher.
dialog: You're much too young for me.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: I need a much older man. At least
dialog: a hundred. You know anyone in a
dialog: wheelchair?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Don't stop.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: I can't stop...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: This is all there is.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Now you're talking. Stay angry.
dialog: Angry brings us together. Lemme
dialog: tell you, pal, you picked the
dialog: right dancing girl...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You're wiser than your years...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: I'm dumber than my years. Being
dialog: stupid, that's my achievement.
dialog: Turns out I've been watching you
dialog: dance. I know all about you,
dialog: Coleman.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: That a fact?
text: She's dancing closer to him now, her body glistening -
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 55
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: You imagine you've kept secrets
dialog: from me?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You never know...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: What could there possibly be I
dialog: don't know about you by now..?
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATRE - NIGHT 56
text: CLOSE ON a beautiful young girl (STEENA); she is blond and
dialog: cannot be more than nineteen. Hers is the FACE we saw in the
text: PHOTO with Coleman earlier. Just now she's alone-
speaker_heading: ED HERLIHY'S VOICE
text: The war is over and hundreds of
dialog: thousands of American soldiers,
text: REVERSE ON THE NEWSREEL she's watching -
speaker_heading: ED HERLIHY
text: sailors and airmen are returning
dialog: to a grateful nation where, thanks
dialog: to Uncle Sam, a college education
dialog: awaits, courtesy of the GI Bill..!
text: As the newsreel about the GI bill continues, We CUT TO:
text: COLEMAN SILK, now 21 wearing a tweed jacket and looking very
text: collegiate. He sits several rows behind Steena; his eyes
text: fixed on her. Then, just as he is about to make a move toward
text: her, three young women crowd in on either side of Steena and
text: they all begin whispering and giggling among themselves.
text: Reluctantly, Coleman gets to his feet and starts up the aisle
text: of the theater, throwing one last look over his shoulder,
text: towards the girl as he does.
scene_heading: INT. STACKS, NYU LIBRARY - DAY 57
text: ON COLEMAN--He moves through the stacks, carrying a couple of
text: books; clearly searching for another. He pauses, about to
text: remove a book from the shelf when he looks O.S.:
text: HIS POV: In the distance we get a glimpse of the beautiful
dialog: blond girl we saw in the movie theater. She instantly
text: disappears; and for a moment Coleman isn't sure whether what
text: he saw was real or an apparition.
text: CLOSER ON COLEMAN (TRACKING WITH HIM)--he instantly starts in
text: hot pursuit of the girl.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
dialog: 58
text: As he reaches the end of the row; he stops, looks around.
text: HIS POV--At first there is no sign of the blond. Then he
text: spots her disappearing into another row of books.
text: ON COLEMAN (AGAIN TRACKING WITH HIM) as he ducks into another
text: row of books, moving parallel with her, intending to head her
dialog: off.
text: COLEMAN'S POV (TRACKING SHOT): looking though the shelves we
text: get a glimpse: of the blond several rows away. Once again she
dialog: disappears.
text: ON COLEMAN--brushing past a browser in the stacks.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Excuse me...
text: Throughout this we are continually CROSS-CUTTING BETWEEN
text: COLEMAN, AND HIS POV OF THE GIRL (never getting more than
text: glimpses of her).
text: ON COLEMAN as he rounds a corner and stops dead in his tracks:
text: HIS POV: There is the blond, she stands not far away, her
text: back to him, still intent on the book she is reading.
text: TIGHT ON COLEMAN--There is a half smile on his lips; the same
dialog: half smile we saw in the boxing ring.
text: TIGHTER ON THE BLOND--Her back is still to us.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: Hi...
text: As she turns TO CAMERA we see her for the first time and
dialog: realize that she really is that beautiful.
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN'S GREENWICH VILLAGE APT. - DAY 58
text: ON THE DOOR--as it is unlocked and Coleman brings the blond
dialog: in...
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: I really shouldn't -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: One cup of coffee, that's all. I
dialog: promise. Library stays open til
dialog: five...
text: As he leads her inside we see his apartment for the first
text: time. It is an attractive one room apartment with a simple
text: fireplace and a kitchenette off to one side.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
text: The walls are white, there are reproductions of Paul Klee and
text: Chagall. The bookshelves are one by eights with bricks at
text: each end serving as risers. There are books everywhere, on
text: every surface; on the table we see a pair of boxing gloves
dialog: (not the kind you use in the ring, but lighter ones, the kind
text: fighters use for work on the heavy bag). The bed has been
dialog: carefully made, dishes put away; the impression we get is one
dialog: of order and neatness.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: GI bill pays for all this..?
text: ON COLEMAN--as he begins fixing coffee.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: How do you take it. I'm sorry,
dialog: say your name again..? Steena -?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BLOND
dialog: Steena Palsson... black is fine...
dialog: How'd you get that cut over your
dialog: eye?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Steena... What is that, Swedish?
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Close. Norwegian. I really
dialog: should-
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You're not from New York...
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: (embarrassed smile)
dialog: How could you tell? Fergus Falls,
dialog: Minnesota.
text: He walks over to her, smiling -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You're making that up, right?
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: No, I -
text: He's standing so close, she's desperate for a diversion- sees
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You weren't kidding... that cut...
text: She picks up his BOXING GLOVES -
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: (2) 58
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: It's just a hobby. Ever tried?
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Me? Are you -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Here... very therapeutic...
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: I dunno...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (holding up his
dialog: hands, palms out)
dialog: C'mon, try it. Live a little.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Coleman -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Don't be afraid. Now -
dialog: (he helps her adjust
dialog: her arms)
dialog: Right handed? Okay, you use your
dialog: right to punch, but you keep your
dialog: left up, like so...
dialog: (he gently positions
text: her left hand beside
dialog: her face)
dialog: ..this protects you. Now you jab
dialog: with your right. Try a few jabs.
text: She does; aiming at his open palms.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That's it...Now, use your feet,
dialog: dance with me.
text: She continues to throw jabs, relaxing, laughing.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Are you smart - ?
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: Smart - ?
text: He easily takes hold of both her hands in his; now he is very
text: close to her.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: (3) 58
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Boxing is really all about how
dialog: smart you are...
text: He leans forward, kissing her lightly. Then again. Then
text: again, this time she moves toward the kiss.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: (sudden thought)
dialog: Do you do this a lot..?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (smiles reassuringly)
dialog: Practice makes perfect.
text: He's kissing her again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 59 INT. COLEMAN'S APARTMENT - LATER 59
text: The GLOVES on the floor, RISE UP TO REVEAL the two of them
text: lying in bed together. She's stunned.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: I can't believe this.
dialog: Coleman grins -
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I mean I can't believe I did
dialog: something like this...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Waiting for lightning to strike
dialog: you dead..?
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Well... Where I come from -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Fergus Falls, Minnesota...
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: People don't just hop into -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Let me guess. First there's
text: eyeing one another in church on
dialog: Sundays...
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED:
dialog: 64.
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: COLEMAN (cont'd)
text: then, as fall slips into winter
dialog: and the air turns cold, there's
text: sleigh rides, skating on frozen
text: lakes, singing Carols around the
dialog: Yuletide-
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Very funny...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Go on then, give me the straight
dialog: dope. Tell me about real American
dialog: courtship...
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: (startled)
dialog: You're American. Jews are American.
text: He's kissing her again - and again she's succumbing -
scene_heading: 60 EXT. STREET - DAY 60
text: ON COLEMAN AND STEENA--as they round the corner of a street
text: near NYU.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES WITH STEENA AND COLEMAN as they
text: walk, their arms around one another.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: So all I'm saying is that Achilles
dialog: is the first real individual in
dialog: all of western litera--
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Not a chance...
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Look, Achilles succumbed to to
dialog: group pressure, right? I mean, he
dialog: gave up the girl - a girl he
dialog: really wanted - so the Greeks
dialog: could keep going with the Trojan
dialog: war. He gave in to group pressure.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: From which you conclude what -
dialog: that groups are -?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: How tall are you?
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Is this the same conversation?
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED:
dialog: 65.
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I'd say you were maybe five, ten,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Where is this le-
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Did you play basketball in high
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Sure...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: And I bet you were good.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Well, I -
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: But let me ask you this. Did you
dialog: want to play?
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Did I -?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: In America, if you're a girl and
dialog: you're five ten they make you play
dialog: basketball. It's a given. They
dialog: don't ask if you want to play, if
dialog: you're interested in the game.
dialog: Height equals fate. You play.
dialog: You do what the group says.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: I like basketball...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: What if it were something you
dialog: didn't like? Say all girls over
dialog: five ten had to shave their heads.
text: They are both laughing, Steena turns and looks at Coleman
text: with a look of total adoration
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Oh, God, Coleman... I think I'm in
dialog: love with you.
text: At that moment we HEAR a click. The picture freezes and turns
text: to black and white. It is the snapshot Nathan Zuckerman saw
text: in Coleman's house earlier.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 60
text: ON A STREET PHOTOGRAPHER--He has just taken the photograph we
text: saw earlier in the scene with Nathan. The one Coleman has
dialog: kept all these years and now we know why.
speaker_heading: STREET PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: (handing Coleman a
dialog: card)
dialog: Picture of you and your sweetheart
dialog: for a dollar?
text: As Coleman happily digs in his pocket we HEAR: Dick Haymes
dialog: singing "Our Love Is Here To Stay."
scene_heading: INT. RECORD STORE - DAY 61
dialog: It is in the days when LPs and 45s first came out; there are
text: bins filled with hit singles. Dick Haymes continues to sing
text: as we see Steena and Coleman in a listening booth. Coleman
text: comes out to look for another record as Steena remains in the
text: booth continuing to listen to a record. THE CAMERA PANS AHEAD
text: OF HIM TO REVEAL a very pretty young salesgirl, she is a
dialog: coffee colored African American. Her name is ELLIE and she
text: watches Coleman with interest. We move with her as she
text: crosses to a bin where Coleman is flipping through 78s.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (glancing up)
dialog: I was...looking for Edith Piaf,
dialog: "La Vie un Rose."
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: This way..
text: THE CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM--she walks very close to him so
text: that they brush against one another.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (continuing; innocent)
dialog: Have you heard the new Louis
dialog: Armstrong?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: No, I'm not--
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (amused)
dialog: What about "Black and Tan Suite?"
dialog: It's the best thing Ellington's
dialog: done in--
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: 61 CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I'm sorry, I'm really not--
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (nodding O.S.)
dialog: That your girlfriend?
text: HER POV: Steena in the booth, moving gently in time to the
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (flirting)
dialog: Here...
text: (she hands him a 78
dialog: record)
dialog: Take this, Roy Eldridge, "The Man
dialog: I Love." This'1ll do the job a hell
dialog: of a lot better than Edith Piaf.
dialog: We HEAR ~- THE MAN I LOVE.
scene_heading: 62 INT. COLEMAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 62
text: CLOSE ON COLEMAN AND STEENA--in a passionate embrace, as they
text: come up for air. Although "The Man I Love" continues to play;
dialog: we are close enough to Coleman and Steena to be aware of
dialog: their breathing.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Dance for me...
text: CLOSER ON STEENA--She steps away, looking Coleman in the eye
text: for a long, long beat as she comes to a decision. Then, with
text: the arest trace of a smile, she removes first one earring and
dialog: then the other.
text: She begins a languid, undulating motion as she takes
text: Coleman's hand, opens it and drops the two earrings into his
text: palm. Then, continuing the slow rhythmic movements begins to
text: undress slowly.
dialog: This should be a very different Steena from the girl who
text: first walked into Coleman's apartment; some deep, erotic part
text: of her has been unlocked and at moments she displays a way of
text: moving that is uncannily like Faunia's. In a series of SLOW
text: DISSOLVES we watch as she strips to the sensual music of
dialog: Gershwin.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 62
text: By the end, when she has removed her last undergarment and
text: dances in front of Coleman absolutely naked, the record comes
text: to an end and we hear the scratching of the needle of the
text: record player on vinyl. It is as though at that moment she
text: comes out of a trance. She immediately puts her hands to her
text: face to cover her embarrasment.
scene_heading: REVERSE ON COLEMAN
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That has got to be the single most
dialog: sexy dance ever to be danced by a
dialog: girl from Fergus Falls in the
dialog: history of the world.
text: ON STEENA--her hands remain covering her face; both mortally
text: embarrassed and profoundly exhilarated.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Oh, God, Coleman, I love you. I
dialog: want to spend my life with you.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: What are you doing Sunday?
text: CLOSER ON STEENA--She lowers her hands from her face.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: (in answer to the
dialog: question we heard
dialog: the older Coleman
dialog: ask)
dialog: Sunday? Nothing. Why?
scene_heading: REVERSE ON THE YOUNGER COLEMAN
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: On Sunday we're taking the train
dialog: to New Jersey...
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: To have dinner with my mother.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AVENUE, EAST ORANGE, NEW JERSEY - DUSK 63
text: Coleman and Steena walk towards his house. Steena is carrying
text: FLOWERS. Coleman points out various landmarks.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: ...that's where I crashed my bike
dialog: into old man Harris' front
dialog: porch... My dad made me pay--
dialog: Just then we HEAR:
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: A MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Coleman.
text: Coleman looks 0.S. waves.
text: THEIR POV: Across the street a young man (African American),
text: a few years older than Coleman waves.
text: ON COLEMAN AND STEENA--Coleman waves back, then quickly
text: glances in Steena's direction to see her reaction.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SILK FAMILY HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 64
text: ON COLEMAN AND STEENA--His arm is around her, he leans
text: forward, presses the bell and turns to Steena.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (very nervous)
dialog: I love you, you know that don't
dialog: you?
text: Before she can answer the door opens and there is Mrs. Silk,
text: her hair is grayer, but otherwise she looks the same.
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Well, isn't this lovely.
dialog: (she kisses her son,
dialog: then to Steena)
dialog: Hello, you must be Steena...Please
dialog: Come in...
dialog: TIGHT ON STEENA--She has been brought up very well and,
text: although her world has just collapsed around her, her manners
dialog: are impeccable.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: I brought you these...
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Aren't they beautiful? I'll just
dialog: put them in water...
text: She leads them in as the DOOR closes on us.
scene_heading: INT. SILK DINING ROOM, NJ. - NIGHT 65
text: Coleman, his mother and Steena at dinner - the dining room
text: looks a little empty with only three... As she speaks, Steena
text: seems to be breathing in all the wrong places...
dialog: Mrs. Silk is wise enough to understand what her son has not
dialog: told Steena; therefore she does everything in her power to
dialog: make this poor girl more comfortable.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: .»..it's a beautiful city, Fergus
dialog: Falls, unusual because it has the
dialog: Otter Tail Lake just to the
dialog: East... My father has a hardware
dialog: supply store and a small
dialog: lumberyard ~ he's the disorganized
text: one, cuts himself and doesn't even
dialog: bother to wash it; they're tough,
dialog: those Icelanders - I didn't even
dialog: know they were called Icelanders.
dialog: My mother, she's a Rasmussen -
text: she's the opposite: sets the table
dialog: for Saturday dinner at five the
dialog: night before. I guess I was
text: caught between the two extremes,
dialog: so I decided to get away for
dialog: college, you know, out of their
dialog: reach, and...that's how I came to
dialog: New York...
text: A caesura in her breathless delivery... Steena looking
dialog: pathetically around, then -
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: I've never been to the mid-west
dialog: but I'm sure I'd like it.
dialog: Coleman, wouldn't you like to see
dialog: the mid west? Steena, would you
dialog: like another biscuit?
text: Steena's look of gratitude.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: Thank you. Thank you so much.
scene_heading: INT. PENNSYLVANIA RR TRAIN - NIGHT 66
text: Coleman and Steena, virtually alone in the chair car, heading
text: back for the city. Steena leans against the window, silent,
text: staring out into the night. Coleman sits next to her,
text: watching her carefully, holding her hand.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Steena?
text: Silence, then with the screeching of brakes the train pulls
text: to a stop. The conductor (black) walks through the car,
text: announcing Penn Station, the final stop. The people get up
text: and leave the car, still Steena doesn't move.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Honey...?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED: 66
dialog: 67
text: CLOSE ON STEENA--as she turns to Coleman, we see for the
text: first time that she has been crying. She looks at him for a
text: long beat, just shaking her head.
speaker_heading: STEENA
dialog: I'm sorry. Coleman, I...I love you
dialog: but--
dialog: (she breaks off)
dialog: I can't. I'm really sorry, but...
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: I just...can't...I'm sorry...I'm
dialog: sorry...
text: And without another word, blind with tears, she flees.
text: Coleman doesn't go after her. He just sits there. Alone.
text: As we FADE TO BLACK we hear the roar of a crowd.
scene_heading: INT. ST. NICHOLAS ARENA - NIGHT 67
text: WIDE SHOT--of the crows, still relatively sparse since it is
text: the first or decond match of the evening. THE CAMERA PANS
text: ACROSS TO THE RING where an AFRICAN AMERICAN BOXER waits,
text: bouncing up and down, throwing punches at the air,
text: REVERSE ON THE YOUNG COLEMAN as he climbs through the ropes
text: along with his CORNERMAN who is African- American. SOLLY, a
text: small time fight promoter who manages Coleman, climbs up
text: leans in and whispers to Coleman.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Hey, Silky...Take it easy with the
dialog: nigger, okay? Let's give the
dialog: people their money's worth.
text: Coleman stares 0.S. at the fighter, his face a mask.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: (continuing; smiling)
dialog: Dance him around for three, four
dialog: rounds, then go to work.
text: The bell sounds, Coleman moves into the ring more rapidly
text: than usual. The formalities over, the men begin to feel one
text: another out. We notice that the usual smile is gone from
text: Coleman's face; it has been replaced by a look of grim
dialog: determination.
text: After one or two punches, Coleman nails his opponent with a
text: right cross and then methodically begins to pound the black
text: fighter, knocking him out before the round is half way over.
text: There are boos from the crowd.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: 68 INT. COLEMAN'S READY ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 68
text: Coleman's African American cornerman stripping off his
text: gloves, gear, as Solly returns, studies Coleman, who doesn't
dialog: look up-
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: I ask you nicely to give folks
dialog: their money's worth. You could
dialog: have stopped the nigger in the
text: fourth round instead of the first.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (doesn't look up)
dialog: I'm a hundred thirty-nine pounds,
dialog: five foot nine and this guy's one
dialog: forty-five, five foot eleven. I'm
dialog: supposed to let him hit me in the
dialog: head five, ten extra times to put
dialog: on a show?
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: I ain't holding up no nigger.
text: The cornerman doesn't react ~
scene_heading: 69 INT. NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 69
text: It is a nightclub in the Village, late at night. Coleman is
text: dancing with ELLIE (the pretty girl from the record store).
text: The music is slow and they are dancing very close together.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: What are you anyway, Coleman Silk?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: What am I? Play it anyway you like.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: So white girls thinks you're white?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Whatever they think, I let them
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: And what about your family, do
dialog: they know about this?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I don't see what good it would do
dialog: to tell them.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: And me? What about me?
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 69 CONTINUED: 69
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: A guy from school saw us the other
dialog: day and said, "What's it like with
dialog: a colored girl." And I told him,
dialog: "Man, they are completely hot."
text: Ellie laughs, moves even closer to him.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Then let's let them know how right
dialog: you were.
text: She leans up and kisses him; he kisses her back.
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN'S APARTMENT ~ NIGHT 70
text: The room is dark. HOLD FOR A BEAT then:
speaker_heading: ELLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Coleman?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: You think what I'm doing is wrong?
text: ON COLEMAN--He stands at a window, looking out into the night.
text: ON ELLIE--as she reaches across, turns on a bedside lamp.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (reaching for a
dialog: cigarette)
dialog: Passing?
text: CLOSER ON COLEMAN~-as he turns to her.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: But that's just it. I don't tell
dialog: people I'm white; I don't tell
dialog: them I'm Jewish. Oh, I know it's
dialog: passing in one sense, but it's not
dialog: because I want to be white. It
dialog: isn't. I don't want to be white.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (weary)
dialog: Well, honey, you sure don't want
dialog: to be colored.
dialog: (then: )
dialog: What happened with your girlfriend?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: We broke up.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Did she know you were passing?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Did you ever tell her you were
dialog: paying for your Ph.D in a boxing
dialog: ring?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: How come?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (continuing; with a
dialog: sigh)
dialog: I'm starting to think you're
dialog: right. This isn't about you being
dialog: colored or white. Coleman Silk,
dialog: I'm starting to think this is
dialog: about you being the kind of man
dialog: who just loves having secrets.
scene_heading: EXT. NYU CAMPUS & GREENWICH VILLAGE ST. 1951 - DAY 71
text: A rally to save the Rosenbergs from execution. IRIS GITTELMAN
text: (20's), waving a PLACARD and awkwardly offering a PETITION.
text: Attractive, she's dressed in earth tones and Navajo jewelry.
text: We recognize her at once because of her flamboyant hair...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Save the Rosenbergs! Sign now!
dialog: There's no time to lose! Save the
dialog: Rosenbergs! Hey, buddy -! Justice-
text: She literally yanks the guy around to face her. It's Coleman.
text: He wears a smart tie with his tweed jacket and, as always,
text: packs BOOKS - which now go flying...
text: Iris is doubly startled - and flustered. Coleman is movie
text: star handsome. He crackles with sexual electricity.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey, sorry...
text: Embarrassed by his great looks, she clumsily ditches her
text: placard, clunking him on the head with it - Oy!
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 71
text: As she squats to help him retrieve the volumes, she's
dialog: blushing-
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: So, you gonna sign the petition..?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (picking up books)
dialog: I'm not really a political person -
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: What's that mean? You'll potchke
text: in front of a blackboard while the
dialog: Rosenbergs get the chair?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (amused)
dialog: I suppose you think Alger Hiss is
dialog: innocent, as well...
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Alger Hiss is as innocent as you
dialog: are!
text: FREEZE FRAME on Coleman's reaction: she thinks I'm innocent.
text: CLOSE ON A PHOTOGRAPH OF IRIS, featuring her fly away hair.
dialog: PULL BACK TO REVEAL;
scene_heading: INT. MRS. SILKS' PARLOR, EAST ORANGE, NJ - DAY 72
text: As Coleman's mother studies the photo. Coleman sits opposite
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Iris. Nice name. And when is the
dialog: happy day?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: June 14.
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: June 14. She's white, of course.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Have you told her?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: -No.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: When will you?
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: You plan on bringing her here for
dialog: dinner?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You saw what happened when I tried
dialog: that.
text: Their eyes lock. Mrs. Silks suddenly understands - pow.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing; quietly)
dialog: I told her my parents are dead.
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Dead... that you have no brother,
dialog: you have no sister. There is no
text: Ernestine. There is no Walter.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I don't want to be Coleman Silk,
dialog: the Negro classics professor - and
dialog: that's how it would always come
dialog: out, Mom. You know it and I know
dialog: it.
text: He speaks urgently, desperate for her to understand -
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Funny, I never thought of you as
dialog: black or white. Gold. You were my
dialog: golden child...
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Mom, look, I haven't worked the
dialog: whole thing out, I'm just -
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: Will you have children?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I suppose...
dialog: Mrs. Silk won't raise her voice -
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: You're never going to let them see
dialog: me, are you? My grandchildren?
dialog: Mom, you'll tell me, sit in the
dialog: waiting room in Penn Station at
dialog: 11:25am. I'll walk by with my kids
dialog: in their Sunday best.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: (2) 72
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK (cont'd)
dialog: That'll be my birthday present
dialog: five years from now. And you know
dialog: I'll be there. The train station,
dialog: the zoo, Central Park - wherever
dialog: you say. Or maybe you can hire me
dialog: to come over as Mrs. Brown to baby
dialog: sit. I'll do it. Put them to bed
dialog: and clean your house. But aren't
dialog: you taking a risk having children?
text: The suspense will be unbearable.
dialog: Suppose they don't emerge from her
dialog: womb as white as you? Won't you
dialog: have some explaining to do? Will
dialog: you accuse her of adultery? With
dialog: a Negro? But she'll know that
dialog: isn't true...
text: She picks up Iris' photo and realizes -
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Maybe it won't come to that. Look
dialog: at that hair. Coleman, you seem
dialog: to have thought of everything. If
dialog: they have hair like their
dialog: mother's, that will explain away
dialog: a lot, won't it? Are you marrying
dialog: her for her hair?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (stiff)
dialog: Of course not.
dialog: (getting to his feet)
dialog: I have to go now, Mom...
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: You think like a prisoner,
dialog: Coleman. You're white as snow and
dialog: you think like a slave.
text: He bends down kiss her; she pulls her head away.
speaker_heading: MRS. SILK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Murderer...
text: ON COLEMAN--He straightens up, turns and as THE CAMERA TRACKS
text: WITH HIM, walks from the parlor, through the living room and
text: into the front hallway. Just as he is about to open the front
text: door, he pauses, sensing something behind him as he turns we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 72
text: HIS POV: Standing in the shadows in the dining room we see
text: Mr. Silk (Coleman's father). He wears the white jacket of a
text: waiter in a railroad car; his hands are clasped in front of
text: him. He stares straight at his son.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 73
text: CLOSE ON COLEMAN--He reads, or pretends he is reading. We
text: HOLD ON HIM as we HEAR: the angry noise of the buzzer from
text: the vestibule. Coleman's head turns at the sound, but he
text: doesn't move. A moment later Iris appears behind him, she is
text: wearing a loose fitting robe and is in the process of drying
dialog: her hair.
speaker_heading: IRIS
dialog: Who could it be, this late?
text: Instantly Coleman is on his feet.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I'll get it.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY JUST OUTSIDE COLEMAN'S APARTMENT - SAME 74
text: As Coleman steps outside.
text: HIS POV: Through the mesh grill we see a shadowy figure in
text: the vestibule.
text: ON THE DOOR as Coleman opens it to reveal Walter, older,
text: heavier and now wearing civilian clothes. Walter grabs
text: Coleman shoves him against the wall.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Don't you ever come near Mom again.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Walt, wait a--
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You don't call, you don't write,
dialog: you don't nothing!
text: He lets go of his brother, looks at him with utter contempt.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I never want to see your lily-
text: white face again.
text: And he turns and walks away. Over this we HEAR:
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: With Coleman's decision his fate
dialog: was decided...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 75 EXT. HARMONY PALACE CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT 75
text: The screen is black. THE CAMERA PANS DOWN and we see the roof
text: of a brightly lit Chinese restaurant. THE CAMERA CONTINUES
text: IT'S MOVE and we see a scattering of cars in the parking lot.
text: As we watch a black van pulls to a stop in front of the
dialog: restaurant...
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: Everything was prepared for what
dialog: was now inevitable.
text: One of the van doors opens and a man in his fifties (BOBCAT)
text: gets out.
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Though many years in the future.
text: CLOSER IN ON LESTER FARLEY--He sits is the passenger seat,
text: staring straight ahead; he has a cigarette in his mouth and
text: is trying to light it, but his hand is shaking so that he
dialog: can't
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Come on, Les...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Can't do it, Louie...
scene_heading: CROSS-CUTTING BETWEEN THEM:
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Yes you can. It'ss just a Chinese
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You don't get it they're gooks in
dialog: there
speaker_heading: BOBCAT
dialog: They're Chinese Les, not
dialog: Vietnamese.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (turning on him ina
dialog: fury)
dialog: Asshole! I don't care what the
dialog: fuck they are! They count as gooks!
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (calming Les down)
dialog: I know how hard it is, buddy, but
dialog: you know you can trust me and I'm
dialog: telling you: you can do this.
text: Still Lester Farley doesn't move.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Tell you what - you wanna leave
dialog: after soup and we're out of here,
dialog: "kay? We're gone. Say the word.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: What word - ?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: We'll have a code word. Say the
dialog: code word and we split, we're
dialog: gone. Les, listen to me: how you
dialog: gonna see the Wall when it comes
dialog: to Pittsfield if you don't-
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Told you! Ain't going to see the
dialog: fuckin' wall...
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: That's what they all say at first.
dialog: Les, I know, I been there. Look
dialog: at me, Les - I'm twelve years off
dialog: drugs. I'mclean. I stick to my
dialog: meds. I know what the Wall does
dialog: for vets like us. Trust me, it'll
dialog: work for you...
scene_heading: 76 INT. HARMONY PALACE CHINESE RESTAURANT, LENNOX ~ NIGHT 76
text: ON A LARGE TABLE--The Vets are all seated - Chet and Bobcat
dialog: flank Les, in case anything goes wrong. Swift is doing all
dialog: the talking.
speaker_heading: SWIFT
dialog: You know what pisses me off about
dialog: these pussies from the Gulf War?
dialog: Their biggest problem is they
dialog: can't go to the fuckin' beach.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: SWIFT (cont'd)
dialog: They--
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (startled by
dialog: something 0.S.)
dialog: What's he doin'?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: He's the owner, Les. His name is
dialog: Henry. He only wants to help...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I gotta’ get out of here.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Not yet. Let's focus on soup -
dialog: what kind of soup are you having,
dialog: Les?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Uh. Uh... What are you guys having?
speaker_heading: SWIFT
dialog: Wonton -
speaker_heading: BOBCAT
dialog: Wonton -
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: What about it Les?
text: Lester manages a nod.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ‘kay we're all having Wonton. Now
dialog: we're gonna order the other stuff.
dialog: Les, you want chicken, vegetables,
dialog: pork? You want lo mein? Noodles -?
text: From the corner of his eye, Les sees a CHINESE WAITER begin
text: his approach - his eyes widen with hatred and fear...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: What the fuck -
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Can you stay back please? Five
dialog: wonton soups! Just give us a
dialog: minute; we'll come to you -
text: Baffled, the man steps back uncertainly; Louis turns to Les-
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED:
dialog: 82.
dialog: (2) 76
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Double sauteed pork? Double
dialog: sauteed pork for Les. Okay,
dialog: concentrate, Les - Chet, will you
dialog: pour some tea?
text: The Waiter moves forward to help again ~- Chet pours tea...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Just keep the fucking waiter -
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Sir, sir! Sir, if you just stay
dialog: there, we'll come to you with our
dialog: order - just... keep a distance.
dialog: Okay? Right. You stay there.
dialog: Perfect. Okay, Les?
speaker_heading: SWIFT
dialog: You're doing real good. I remember
dialog: my first time. Thought I'd never
dialog: make it. Couldn't even open the
dialog: fucking menu...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: What's the fucking code word?
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: Tea leaf. Just say tea leaf and
dialog: we're out of here...
text: The waiter emerges from the kitchen with the soup. Instantly,
text: Chet and Swift head off the waiter and take the tray...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (to Louie, his voice
dialog: low)
dialog: This almost over? Because I'm
dialog: tellin' you now I can't take much
dialog: more. I can't fucking take any
dialog: more...
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: I don't hear the code word, Les,
dialog: so we're gonna keep going - SIR,
dialog: will you please stay back! Just,
dialog: stay back - ! We'll bring our
dialog: order...
text: The Waiter stops.
text: CLOSE ON LES--trying to spoon his soup - his hand is shaking.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: (3) 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You're doing great, Les...You're
dialog: doin' just great.
dialog: Over this we HEAR a pianist playing Prokofiev.
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL, TANGLEWOOD ~ DAY 77
text: ON A PIANIST--wearing a sweater and jeans is playing
text: Prokofiev. Behind him we see a small chamber group also
text: casually dressed. The pianist stops almost mid-phrase as a
text: violinst comes over to him and the two men begin to discuss
dialog: the music in whispers. Over this we HEAR:
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: I had been both missing Coleman
dialog: and missing the experience of
dialog: having an intimate friend,..
text: ON THE AUDIENCE--a handful of people, dressed as casually as
text: the performers are scattered around the concert hall used for
text: chamber groups. Behind them, through a large opening we can
text: see the Berkshires in the distance.
text: ON NATHAN--He appears at the side moving through rows of
text: empty seats (some of which have sweaters draped over the back
text: to mark them as occupied) looking for a chair. Meanwhile the
text: rehearsal begins again.
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...SO I drove to Tanglewood to
dialog: listen to a rehearsal of the
dialog: evening's performance.
text: CLOSER IN ON NATHAN-~-as he takes his seat and spots something
speaker_heading: O.S.:
text: HIS POV: Coleman and Faunia are seated several rows ahead of
text: Nathan. We see Coleman lean across and whisper something to
text: Faunia. She smiles, but says nothing in response.
scene_heading: EXT. LAWN OUTSIDE THE CONCERT HALL - LATE 78
text: It is intermission, Coleman and Faunia are huddled together,
text: he is talking as she lights a cigarette. She is listening,
text: although it is obvious that she is very uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (0.S.)
dialog: Coleman.
text: Coleman looks up, a flash of panic in his eyes.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (then smiling)
dialog: Nathan, I thought I saw you...
dialog: what a surprise...
dialog: (to Faunia)
dialog: You remember Nathan Zuckerman.
text: Coleman takes a gentle hold of Faunia's arm so that she will
dialog: not bolt this time.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (neutral)
dialog: I remember.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (stepping quickly in)
dialog: Mr. Bronfman's something isn't he?
dialog: I was telling Faunia that he took
dialog: ten years at least out of that
dialog: piano
scene_heading: CROSS-CUTTING BETWEEN THEM:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I was thinking along those lines
dialog: myself.
dialog: (a beat, then:)
dialog: I've missed you, Coleman. Maybe I
dialog: can take you two to dinner some
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (once more a flicker
dialog: of panic)
dialog: Good idea. Yes. Let's do that.
text: The Intermission BELL RINGS. Coleman tries to hide relief.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Uh oh, we've got to run.
text: He's pulling Faunia away but Nathan can't help himself.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Coleman!
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I'll call you!
text: As he hurries her away into the crowd we HEAR:
speaker_heading: 718
speaker_heading: 719
dialog: 80
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 78
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: I tried to use my imagination -
dialog: not to speculate where they went.
dialog: That wasn't hard. But rather to
dialog: ponder what their mutual rage had
dialog: made of them: outcasts, alone
dialog: together, they were now stripped
dialog: down to the simplest version of
dialog: themselves. With nothing between
dialog: them and their destiny.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, COLEMAN'S HOUSE - NIGHT 719
text: CLOSE ON FAUNIA-~-as she leans over, kisses Coleman.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: I have to go.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Stay here tonight.
text: She shakes her head, smiles...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: How many times do I have to tell
dialog: you...
dialog: (kissing him again)
dialog: I never stay the night.
dialog: Although she has said this many times, her heart isn't in it
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (leaning forward to
dialog: kiss her gently)
dialog: Just this once.
dialog: We FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN'S KITCHEN - NEXT MORNING 80
text: ON COLEMAN--He sits at the kitchen table, reading the New
text: York Times. A cup of coffee is in front of him and laid out
text: on the table is an elegant breakfast: orange juice, toast in
text: a silver toast rack, eggs benedict (in a covered plate to
text: keep them warm). He looks up, smiles.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Good morning.
text: REVERSE ON FAUNIA--She stands in the doorway, wearing
text: sweatpants and a worn tee shirt.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sit down, your eggs will get cold.
text: Faunia sits; she has the look of an animal whose instincts
text: sense a trap.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing; making
dialog: conversation)
dialog: Doesn't look like Monica is going
dialog: to find a job in New York any time
dialog: soon.
text: Faunia stares at the plate in front of her -
dialog: HER POV - beautifully prepared eggs benedict... Coleman reads-
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: "According to Vernon Jordan--
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Can't you avoid the fucking
dialog: seminar?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (looks up at her)
dialog: I was only -
text: Faunia hurls her cup of coffee across the room, shattering it
dialog: and its contents against the cabinets -
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: I don't give a fuck that poor
dialog: Monica can't find a job! Does
dialog: fucking Monica worry if my back
dialog: hurts from milking those fucking
dialog: cows? Does she worry about me
dialog: sweeping up people's shit at the
dialog: fucking post office? You think
dialog: losing your job when you're about
dialog: to retire anyway is a big deal,
dialog: it's not, I hate to-tell you.
dialog: Having your step-father put his
dialog: fingers in your cunt, that's a big
dialog: deal; a husband who comes up
dialog: behind you with an iron pipe and
dialog: hits you in the head that's a big
dialog: deal...having two kids suffocating
dialog: and dying, that's a big deal!
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: (2) 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: FAUNIA (cont'd)
dialog: (tears starting)
dialog: Shit...
dialog: (looking around like
dialog: a trapped animal)
dialog: Why did I fucking stay?! It was a
dialog: mistake. Even fucking whores know
dialog: better: "Men don't pay you to
dialog: sleep with them. They pay you to
dialog: go home."
text: And she runs out of the house and leaving him alone.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - LATE 81
text: The same twisting two lane we saw at the start. Faunia's
text: Chevy squealing around curves...
text: The Chevy passes the SIGN at the head of a dirt road: AUDUBON
text: SOCIETY - where Coleman first gave her a lift. Her big car
text: squeals to a STOP out of FRAME.
scene_heading: INT. FAUNIA'S CHEVY - DAY 82
text: Faunia leaning on the wheel, thinking. Crying.
scene_heading: EXT. AUDUBON SOCIETY BUILDING - DAY . 83
text: A gray-shingled two story house nestled in the woods. WIND
text: CHIMES. Once a residence, now the start of trails into the
dialog: bird sanctuary...
text: Faunia's Chevy bumps uncertainly into the parking area and
text: stops. Faunia gets out, walks to the door.
scene_heading: INT. AUDUBON SOCIETY BUILDING ~-DAY 84
text: CLOSE ON A CAGE with a crow (PRINCE) inside; he moves back
text: and forth in an excited manner.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S VOICE
dialog: Hi Prince...
text: THE CAMERA WIDENS IT'S ANGLE--and we see Faunia approaching
text: the cage and the bird getting as close to her as it can.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: How are you doing my Prince?
text: ON A DOOR LEADING TO THE OFFICE--inside a young girl is
text: feeding an animal; she sees Faunia, who is obviously a
dialog: regular visitor.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: 84
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Oh, hi.
dialog: (nodding toward the
dialog: cage)
dialog: He got out the other day.
scene_heading: CROSS-CUTTING BETWEEN THEM:
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: But he always comes back, don't
dialog: you, boy? Can I have him on my
dialog: shoulder? Honey, it's Faunia...
text: The Bird watches her from within its cage.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You can try, but he won't come out
dialog: of his cage if he thinks you want
dialog: him to -
text: Faunia opens the cage and holds out her hand, but Prince
dialog: won't budge -
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Oh, I know all his little tricks,
dialog: don't I, Prince?
dialog: (over her shoulder)
dialog: He was famous in Seely Falls when
dialog: I lived there, used to go for all
text: the bright objects in the parking
text: lot, barrettes in the girls' hair,
text: keys and tin foil. The newspaper
dialog: wrote him up... all about the
dialog: folks who raised him after the
dialog: nest was destroyed...one.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Yeah, we used to have the article
text: on the bulletin board, but he
dialog: pecked it all to pieces...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: He tore up his clippings? Ashamed
dialog: of your background? Didn't want
dialog: anyone to know about your past?
dialog: Oh, you good boy, you good crow...
speaker_heading: GIRL
text: He was flying around outside like
dialog: I said, but the other crows
dialog: started attacking him - they
dialog: would've killed him. He doesn't
dialog: have the right voice.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: (2) 84
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: It's from being hand raised...
dialog: (stroking the bird's
dialog: breast)
text: Hanging around all his life with
dialog: people like us. The human stain...
text: Suddenly Prince erupts in his own strange CAW -
speaker_heading: GIRL
text: See, he imitates the school kids
dialog: who come here, but it's not the
text: crow language and they catch on.
dialog: Prince is a crow that doesn't know
dialog: how to be a crow. Careful, he
dialog: bites.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON PRINCE
speaker_heading: FAUNIA (0O.S.)
dialog: Oh, I know. Listen, he's humming!
dialog: Listen, children... oh, children...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FAUNIA--to THE CAMERA:
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: The first time I tried was a month
dialog: after they died...Oh, I was
dialog: ecstatic, getting myself ready,
dialog: that first time...I tried so
dialog: hard... I was so happy. I remember
dialog: the gin and the valium and the rat
dialog: poison. It tasted bitter so I
dialog: folded it into the butterscotch
dialog: pudding... I was so happy... Why
dialog: did they break down the door? I
dialog: still don't know who did that, who
dialog: ruined it... The second time my
dialog: heart wasn't in it. It was just
dialog: impulse and I slashed.
text: TIGHT ON THE BIRD--watching her.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA (V.O.)
dialog: You remember, don't you, boy...
text: ON FAUNIA--leaning close to the cage, whispering to the bird.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: This morning I made a mistake.
dialog: (she takes a last
dialog: look)
dialog: Farewell, my Prince.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: 85 EXT. SHOPPING MALL, PITTSFIELD MA. - DAY 85
text: ESTABLISHING SHOT--The travelling wall (a reproduction of the
text: Vietnam Memorial in Washington) has been set up outside a
dialog: shopping mall in Pittsfield. There are a number people
dialog: (family members along with Veterans)seaching for the names of
dialog: comrades or relatives who were killed in action. In spite of
dialog: the fact that it is a large crowd it is more quiet than you
text: would expect as people move about, talking quietly among
text: themselves... From the distance we héar a speaker.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: The people whose names are
dialog: inscribed on this wall are your
text: relatives, friends and neighbors.
text: As the speaker continues we CUT TO:
text: CLOSE ON THE WALL (TRACKING SHOT)--Row upon row of the names
dialog: of the dead.
scene_heading: ON LES, BOBCAT AND LOUIE (TRACKING WITH THEM)
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: What's Kenny's last name?
text: Nothing. Les is mesmerized by the wall.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Les?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Peterson. Kenneth Peterson...
text: What FOLLOWS is a MONTAGE as we see couples, their arms
text: around one another looking at the wall. A child placing a
text: small boquet of flowers by the wall. A man about fifty,
text: kneeling beside the wall his hand resting against the wall as
dialog: though it held some magical power. And all the time we
text: continually CROSS-CUT TIGHTER AND TIGHTER ON THE NAMES.
text: TIGHTER AND TIGHTER ON LESTER FARLEY. Finally THE CAMERA
text: COMES TO REST ON KENNETH BRIGGS.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
speaker_heading: (nodding 0O.S.)
dialog: He's right over there, Les.
text: Lester Farley doesn't move.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (continuing; quietly)
dialog: Kenny's right over there; he's
dialog: waiting for you.
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 85
text: Finally Les crosses to the wall, stands in front of Kenny's
text: name for a long beat, then drops to his knees.
text: JUMP CUT IN TIGHT ON LES as he touches the letters a spasm of
text: pain crosses his face; then he leans forward and kisses the
dialog: name.
text: ON LOUIE AND BOBCAT--deeply moved.
speaker_heading: LOUIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I told you the Wall would work.
dialog: He's gonna' be okay.
dialog: (tears in his eyes)
dialog: Les is gonna' be okay, now...
scene_heading: INT. COLEMAN'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 86
text: Coleman enters and reacts -
text: Faunia is there. She's cleaned the whole place, putting away
text: saucepans and wiping off the coffee-stained cupboard from the
dialog: morning's debacle.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Hi... Custodial Staff... Just
dialog: doing my thing...
text: He says nothing.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I went to the movies.
dialog: Another pause.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: I'm sorry. For what I did. For
dialog: what I said.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: You were right. What happened to
dialog: me is nothing.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: They took away everything you had,
dialog: everything you did - all over one
dialog: stupid word... That isn't nothing.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: FAUNIA (cont'd)
dialog: Anyways, I don't think you can
dialog: measure sorrow...
text: They've drifted towards one another; she's in his arms. They
text: stand in the middle of the kitchen, holding one another.
text: VERY CLOSE IN: Coleman's head rests against Faunia.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Can you keep a secret?...
text: She pulls away, takes his head between her hands,
speaker_heading: FAUNIA
dialog: Later.
text: As she kisses him we DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAWN 87
text: ON THE PICK-UP TRUCK--It is parked by the side of the road,
text: the lights are off; it sits silent and ominous in the gray
dialog: light just before dawn. Over this we HEAR:
speaker_heading: LES' VOICE
dialog: (exhausted)
dialog: Numb. Fuckin' numb. No emotions.
text: As Lester Farley continues THE CAMERA SLOWLY MOVES IN ON THE
speaker_heading: TRUCK.
speaker_heading: LES' VOICE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Numb to the death of my own kids.
dialog: Vietnam. That's why I never did
dialog: cry for my kids. He was five and
dialog: she was eight. She was a stranger,
dialog: my little girl. That fucking
dialog: Vietnam, you caused this. My
dialog: feelings are all fucked up. I said
dialog: to myself, "Why can't I feel?" I
dialog: said, "Why didn't I save them? Why
dialog: couldn't I save them?" I kept
dialog: thinking about Vietnam. About all
dialog: the times I think I died.
text: By now we are close enough to see the silhouette of lester
text: Farley, slumped down on the driver's side. He lights a
text: cigarette and for an instant we see his face.
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: LES' VOICE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That's how I began to know I can't
dialog: die. Because I died already.
scene_heading: LESTER'S POV; (TELEPHOTO SHOT): In the distance, from around
text: a turn we see the lights of a car approaching. It is the
text: identical shot from the opening of the film.
speaker_heading: LES' VOICE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Because I died already in Vietnam.
text: TIGHT ON LESTER--he leans forward, turns on the ignition
text: ON THE TRUCK--as the headlights turn on. Again, it is the
text: identical shot from the opening of the film. As the truck
dialog: pulls away we CUT TO:
scene_heading: TELEPHONE RINGING OVER:
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN'S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING 88
text: Nathan asleep, is awakened by the telephone. Groggily, he
text: fumbles for the receiver.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Hello..?
text: As he listens we hear from the distance, "Bewitched, Bothered
text: and Bewildered." playing on the radio:
scene_heading: EXT. COLEMAN'S HOUSE 89
text: WIDE SHOT--It is a summer night, Coleman and Nathan are
dialog: dancing. Over this we HEAR:
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I hear that and everything within
dialog: me unclenches and the wish not to
dialog: die, never to die is almost too
dialog: great to bear.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL, OUTSIDE ATHENA -DAY 90
text: ON A GRAY SKY--we see crows circling overhead THE CAMERA PANS
text: DOWN past a frozen waterfall; in the F.G. is a precipice
text: where a handful of people have gathered. THE CAMERA COMES TO
text: REST ON NATHAN ZUCKERMAN standing at the edge of the crowd.
text: HIS POV: of the mourners. A small woman with granny glasses
text: (SALLY) is speaking.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: 90
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: We all lived with Faunia up at the
dialog: farm and that's why we are here
dialog: this morning, to celebrate a life.
dialog: Faunia Farley was, as you know, a
dialog: deeply spiritual person.
text: As Sally's eulogy continues we PAN ACROSS TO NATHAN who is
dialog: looking O.S.
text: HIS POV:Among the mourners we notice an older, aristocratic
text: looking couple (FAUNIA'S MOTHER AND STEP-FATHER); she wears
text: a fur coat, he is perfectly groomed. They look very out of
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: Not a word about the accident
dialog: itself. And certainly not a word
dialog: to suggest what I knew without a
dialog: doubt - that it had been no
dialog: accident.
text: CLOSE ON A PAIR OF HANDS--holding an urn; as we watch it is
text: tipped and Faunia's ashes spill out into the river below; a
text: moment later the box containing the ashes of Faunia's
text: children is held up and it is overturned as well.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH HAMPTON VA HOSPITAL CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 91
text: We see a blank wall, the lighting is flourescent and
text: institutional. In the FOREGROUND we see Lester Farley. He is
text: being interviewed by a PSYCHOLOGIST. What we are watching is
dialog: videotape.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: They thought the Wall had saved
dialog: me, but I faked them out. Use my
dialog: vehicle, that was the plan. Along
dialog: the river, come right at them,
dialog: same lane... suicide mission...
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: At what point did you get in your
dialog: truck?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: This is all confidential, right?
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Ummm. . .
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: After dark.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED:
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 95.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Had you had dinner?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No dinner.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Why did you get in the truck?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: To get him.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: To get who?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: The Jew professor.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Why were you going to get him?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Because I had to.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Why did you have to?
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You were going to kill him.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Oh, yes, all of us.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: There was planning then.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No planning.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: You knew what you were doing?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: But you didn't plan it.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED:
text: With that the screen suddenly goes black and we CUT TO:
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Did you think you were back in
dialog: Vietnam?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No Vietnam.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Were you thinking about the kids?
dialog: You told me this woman killed your
dialog: children. Was this payback?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No payback.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Weren't you trying to get revenge,
dialog: to take revenge for that?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No revenge.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Were you depressed?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No, no depression.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Angry?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No more anger.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: But you drove your truck into
dialog: their car?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I didn't kill them.
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Then who killed them?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (he smiles for the
dialog: first time)
dialog: They killed themselves.
dialog: 96.
dialog: 91
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: 92 INT. ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE, NORTH HAMPTON HOSPITAL ~ DAY 92
text: We see the PSYCHOLOGIST who interviewed Lester Farley with
text: his SUPERVISING DOCTOR; they have been watching a videotape.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Did you check the police report?
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (writing as he is
dialog: talking)
dialog: Were there any marks on Farley's
dialog: truck that would indicate a
dialog: collision with Silk's car?
speaker_heading: PSYCHOLOGIST
dialog: No, but he could--
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (he continues to
dialog: write)
text: Any signs on Coleman Silk's car
dialog: that he was sideswiped by Farley's
dialog: truck?
text: The psychologist shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (continuing; he looks
dialog: up, smiles)
dialog: Delusional. Lester Farley is
dialog: completely delusional, but
dialog: harmless. Continue with the
dialog: regular outpatient treatment.
dialog: Thorazine where indicated.
text: As he closes Lester Farley's folder we CUT TO:
scene_heading: 93 EXT. PATHWAY IN THE WOODS - DAY 93
text: A path, leading from the place where Faunia' service was
text: conducted toward the road. THE CAMERA TRACKS WITH Faunia's
text: mother and her husband (FAUNIA'S STEPFATHER) .
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S MOTHER
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: But I'm her mother! If she kept a
dialog: diary--
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED:
dialog: 98.
dialog: 93
text: As they walk past THE CAMERA we see Nathan behind them,
dialog: listening.
dialog: Just then
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: So Faunia knew how to read.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S STEPFATHER
dialog: It's filth!
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: But it's all I have left.
text: Nathan catches up to them.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Excuse me, I wonder if I could
dialog: have a word with--
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S STEPFATHER
dialog: (stiff)
dialog: We're catching a plane.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (pressing on)
dialog: Coleman Silk was a friend of mine
dialog: and--
dialog: The following is all overlapping.
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S STEPFATHER
dialog: (growing angry)
dialog: I told you we have no--
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (raising his voice)
dialog: He did not drive his car off the--
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S MOTHER
dialog: Listen to the man, Charles--
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S STEPFATHER
dialog: This is insane!
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S MOTHER
dialog: (to her husband)
dialog: Stop pushing me,
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: It was your daughter's ex-husband.
dialog: He killed them--
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S STEPFATHER
dialog: This woman is seriously ill--
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (2) 93
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: But you have her diary--
speaker_heading: FAUNIA'S STEPFATHER
dialog: There is no diary. I have burned
dialog: the diary.
text: He takes his wife by the arm and they walk away we HOLD ON
text: NATHAN watching them.
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
dialog: Although, I knew beyond a shadow
dialog: of a doubt that Lester Farley had
dialog: murdered Coleman and Faunia;
dialog: whatever proof I had was gone.
dialog: What could I do about it? What
dialog: should I do about it?
scene_heading: We HEAR: BACH'S FUGUE in D MINOR -
scene_heading: 94 INT. RISHANGER CHAPEL, ATHENA COLLEGE - DAY 94
text: ON A STAINED GLASS WINDOW
speaker_heading: NATHAN'S VOICE OVER
text: By contrast to Faunia's funeral,
dialog: Coleman's was stage managed to the
dialog: nth degree by his family. This was
dialog: to be Coleman's formal
dialog: rehabilitation into the Athena
dialog: College pantheon of heroes -and
dialog: Coleman's children had spared no
dialog: pains to get out the vote. They
text: had even found a sacrificial lamb.
text: PAN DOWN FROM to Herb Keeble as he mounts the pulpit. There
text: is a beat of silence.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: My name is Herbert Keble. I am
dialog: chairman of the Political Science
dialog: Department - and I was among those
dialog: who did not rise to Coleman's
dialog: defense when he was accused of
dialog: racism.
text: Throughout this we CROSS CUT TO THE SILK PEW - where
text: Coleman's children sit: Jeff, Mark (wearing a yarmulke) and
text: Lisa in tears. We also see all the characters from the
dialog: college we've met, from the couple who avoided Coleman
text: outside the library, even a stoic Delphine Roux along with
text: Nelson Primus and his wife. And near the back Nathan
text: Zuckerman off by himself, listening, watching.
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 94
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: "Coleman, I can't be with you on
dialog: this." That is what I said, to my
dialog: everlasting shame. Oh, I had my
dialog: reasons. I thought I could help
dialog: better behind the scenes. If I
dialog: allied myself publicly, I told
dialog: myself, I risked being labeled an
dialog: Uncle Tom and thereby useless. I
dialog: was wrong! I should never have
dialog: said to my friend, "I can't be
dialog: with you on this." I should have
dialog: said, "I MUST be with you on
dialog: this." I should have spoken up to
dialog: say what I want to say now in the
dialog: presence of his former colleagues
dialog: and especially in the presence of
dialog: his children: that the alleged
dialog: misconduct never took place.
dialog: Coleman Silk and his wife Iris
dialog: were betrayed by the moral
dialog: stupidity of a censorious,
dialog: coercive community and I was a
dialog: member of that community. We all
dialog: were.
text: Nathan looks around. People are crying.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - LATER 95
text: The service is over, people drift away from the gravesite.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TWO ADJOINING TOMBSTONES which read:
scene_heading: IRIS SILK 1934-1998 COLEMAN SILK 1930-
text: Nathan remains, lost in thought as people disappear around
dialog: him. Only gradually is he aware...
text: There's a WOMAN perhaps 62, still standing by the grave,
text: primly holding her purse, a blank expression on her face.
text: She is a light-skinned African American.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Mrs. Keble?
dialog: (she looks at him)
dialog: I believe your husband's eulogy
dialog: changed everything today.
text: The woman turns to him.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'm not Mrs. Keble.
text: TIGHT ON NATHAN, as he slowly realizes -
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You're...Are you Coleman's sister?
scene_heading: INT. MADAMASKA INN - LATER 96
text: Nathan and Ernestine are sitting in the lounge of a quaint,
dialog: country inn.
text: TIGHT ON THE HAND OF A WAITER--as he serves them tea.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Lemon or milk?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Milk.
dialog: (then: )
dialog: That day Walter told Coleman never
dialog: to contact mother again - he froze
dialog: everything forever.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Your mother obeyed Walter?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: All the Silk men from my father on
dialog: down are very decisive, Mr.
dialog: Zuckerman. Yes, she did. But I
dialog: didn't. I'd phone Coleman on his
dialog: birthday, things like that... I
dialog: was trying to reach him two days
dialog: ago, his seventieth birthday...
dialog: the day after he was killed.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: I must have spoken to one of my
dialog: nephews-
dialog: (she looks away for
dialog: a moment then
dialog: regaining her
dialog: composure)
dialog: I don't blame Walter; he was
dialog: trying to spare my mother more
dialog: heartache.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Did he succeed?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: When she died in the hospital, she
dialog: was delirious. :
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED:
dialog: 102.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE (cont'd)
dialog: She kept saying, "Oh nurse, get me
dialog: to the train, I got a sick baby at
dialog: home..." Over and over. Walter
dialog: and I knew who that sick baby was.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Is Walter still alive?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Oh, yes. We're all a family of
dialog: teachers, Mr. Zuckerman, imagine.
dialog: Even Coleman's side of the
dialog: family -I wish our parents had
dialog: known that. And Walter was the
dialog: first colored superintendant of
dialog: schools in the state of New Jersey.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I guess you can tell what
dialog: generation I am - I say "colored"
dialog: and "Negro".
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Did you know why your brother
dialog: resigned from the college?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE .
dialog: I gather he was accused of racism.
dialog: (smiles sadly)
dialog: That beats all, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: For using the word "spooks".
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Sounds like from what I've heard
dialog: today that anything is possible
dialog: nowadays. People are just getting
dialog: dumber - but more opinionated.
dialog: The year I retired, youngsters
dialog: were telling me that for Black
dialog: History Month they would only read
text: a biography of a black BY a black.
dialog: What kind of silly idea is "Black
dialog: History Month" anyway? If you're
dialog: going to study Charles Drew, you
dialog: do him when you do "science",
dialog: don't segregate him in "Black
dialog: History Month", for heavens sake.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'm afraid I don't know who
dialog: Charles Drew is.
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED:
dialog: 103.
dialog: (2) 96
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Shame on you, Mr. Zuckerman. Dr.
dialog: Charles Drew discovered how to
dialog: prevent blood from clotting so it
dialog: could be banked. Then he was
text: injured in a car accident and the
dialog: nearest hospital would not take
dialog: colored, so he bled to death.
text: Silence as Nathan contemplates this. She looks at him -
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You know what's sad, Mr.
dialog: Zuckerman? Nowadays it's
dialog: impossible to imagine anyone doing
dialog: what my brother felt he had to do
dialog: then... constructing his whole
dialog: life around a lie. He could have
dialog: stopped that racism charge in its
dialog: tracks - I wonder if that solution
dialog: even occurred to him. Tell me
dialog: something, Mr. Zuckerman. Did he
dialog: ever acknowledge what he'd done?
dialog: To anyone?
text: CLOSE ON NATHAN--He is silent for a long beat.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: No, I don't think so. I don't
dialog: think he did.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (a rueful smile)
dialog: So he was Coleman until the end.
dialog: Set out to do something and do it
dialog: all the way. Even to the point of
dialog: being buried as Jew.
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Oh, Coleman...
text: She stands; Nathan stands as well.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Well, It's been quite a day...
text: THE CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM as they start towards the door.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Are you going to tell Walter?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Not unless he asks.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 96 CONTINUED: (3) 96
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What about Coleman's children?
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: It was for Coleman to tell them;
dialog: not me.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: But you told me.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: No, you said, "You're Coleman's
dialog: sister," and I admitted it. I'm
dialog: not the one with something to hide.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: (continuing; she
dialog: extends a hand)
dialog: Thank you for your hospitality...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: May I come and visit you in New
dialog: Jersey? I'd very much like to meet
dialog: Walter.
speaker_heading: ERNESTINE
dialog: Let me think about it...
text: And she walks out the door.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN'S CAR ~- DUSK 97
text: Nathan driving carefully, lost in thought. Abruptly he reacts-
scene_heading: HIS POV - PARKED BY THE ROADSIDE, A SNOW-COVERED, RED
speaker_heading: PICKUP.
text: Nathan studies the car, slows down... Stops.
text: Gets out - the middle of nowhere on a chilly twilight. Nathan
text: walks around the truck, studying it... the murder weapon...
text: On the rear bumper: MIA/POW...
text: FOOTSTEPS in the SNOW lead into the woods...
text: Nathan looks around, hesitates, decides to follow them...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - TWILIGHT 98
text: SEVERAL ANGLES - Nathan making his way cautiously through the
text: whiteness of trees... until he comes out onto -
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. FROZEN LAKE - TWILIGHT 99
text: As Nathan emerges from the woods, looking...
text: NATHAN'S POV - a stunning vista of white... the LAKE is
text: frozen over. No signs of civilization, but-
text: In the middle of the lake, a lone FIGURE sits on an upturned
text: yellow BUCKET, hunched over a HOLE in the ice, a fishing line
text: in his hands: LESTER, dressed in black wool CAP, pulled down
text: over his forehead and ears... heavy overalls, boots, etc.
text: Nathan doesn't move. But the FIGURE sees him. Now or never.
text: Nathan's expression of fear and determination...
text: CLOSE: NATHAN'S FOOT steps gingerly onto the ice. It HOLDS.
text: Then his OTHER FOOT. The feet start walking...
text: LOW POV - Nathan's FEET, the figure of Lester getting CLOSER.
text: Finally, Nathan's feet stop, twenty feet away from him...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (doesn't look up)
dialog: You're on thin ice.
text: The men look at one another.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'd say we both are. Fish biting?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Not too good; not too bad...
text: He glances away. Nathan does too and perceives several neat
text: CIRCULAR HOLES dug randomly in the ice -
text: AND A FOUR FOOT METAL SHAFT ending in a CORKSCREW BLADE: a
text: lethal-looking AUGER, rotated by the cranked handle on top.
text: Nathan's glance up from the deadly tool bumps into Les' eyes.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Beautiful spot.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Why I'm here...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Peaceful.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Away from all the craziness. I'm
dialog: out of it.
dialog: (steals another
dialog: glance)
dialog: Long as I can keep it secret...
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 99 CONTINUED: 99
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: True enough. Only now I know.
text: Les glances up again, then back at his fishing line-
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You look like a man who can keep
dialog: a secret. Aren't you the writer?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What do you think about if the
dialog: fish aren't biting?
text: He doesn't answer for a moment, then -
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I was thinking if I had a son he'd
dialog: be out here with me now, fishing.
dialog: That's what I was thinking when
dialog: you walked out here. Thought you
dialog: might have been my son.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Do you have a son?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Never married?
text: Another pause. Then, finally, he makes a face -
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Doomed.
dialog: (he jiggles the line)
dialog: When I came back from Vietnam I
dialog: couldn't relate to anybody.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Clean clothes, folks saying Hello,
dialog: going to parties - I couldn't
dialog: relate to it anymore. Used to get
dialog: in my car and drive around. My
dialog: buddies were afraid I was going to
dialog: die in a car accident, they were-
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Were you ever in a car accident?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Wouldn't know if I was.
speaker_heading: 99 CONTINUED:
dialog: 107.
dialog: (2) 99
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You still have PTSD? Post
dialog: Traumatic Stress Disorder?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Well, I tend to isolate, don't I?
dialog: What do you think I'm doing out
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: But no more car accidents...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: There were never any accidents.
dialog: Don't you listen?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: And no kids.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Nope. You?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Married?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: No more.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: So, you and me in the same boat.
dialog: What kind of books you write?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I. write about people like you.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Is that so? What's the name of
dialog: one of your books?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (hesitates)
text: The Human Stain. It's not finished.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: When it is, I'll buy it.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'll send you a copy. What's your
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: 99 CONTINUED:
dialog: 108.
dialog: (3) 99
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Les Farley; send it care of Pete's
dialog: Garage...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I will if you promise to read it.
text: Les rises, putting down the fishing line and picking up the
text: dreadful-looking corkscrew AUGER.
dialog: As Nathan,
text: transfixed with fear watches, Les brings it over
text: to him, crunching ominously on the thin ice, holding it under
text: Nathan's nose.
dialog: Do we hear the ICE CRACKING under their combined weight?
dialog: Nathan so
dialog: Satisfied
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: I started ice fishing after my
dialog: wife left me. All you have to do
dialog: is dress warm and own the right
dialog: equipment - like this auger. You
text: drill a hole through the ice.
dialog: This'1ll cut through just about
dialog: anything - and drop your line with
dialog: your favorite lure right through.
dialog: frightened he can't speak -
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Any flash down there and the fish
dialog: are attracted. They're sensitive
dialog: to movement. The smallest
dialog: vibration can alert them - even in
dialog: the dark. And it's way dark down
dialog: there...
text: that Nathan is frightened, his tone changes -
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: If I had a son, Little Les, a son
dialog: of my own, I reckon I'd be
dialog: teaching him all this stuff
dialog: instead of you.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: It's cold out here...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You better believe it.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 99 CONTINUED: (4) 99
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (taking a step
dialog: backwards)
dialog: I should be going...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: But you know your ice fishing now,
dialog: don't you? You can put it in your
dialog: book...
text: Nathan continues backing up, still facing Les and that DRILL -~
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Don't worry - I will...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: And you know my secret place here.
dialog: You know everything now, don't
dialog: you? But you won't tell, will you?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I hear you...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (a beat then)
dialog: And, hey, Mr. Zuckerman.
text: ON NATHAN--He freezes.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What about the book?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You got it, it's in the mail.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE (NATHAN'S POV): Les stands motionless on the ice,
text: holding the auger, as Nathan slowly, cautiously, turns and
text: walks back towards shore. Snow begins to fall and as we HOLD
text: ON LES FARLEY the snow grows thicker until the screen is
text: white. We HOLD FOR A BEAT
text: SOUND OVER: THE LIGHT CLICKING SOUNDS OF TYPING ON A
scene_heading: COMPUTER KEYBOARD...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMPUTER SCREEN AS TYPING APPEARS - 100
text: This is the story of the tricky life and bitter downfall of
dialog: Coleman Silk.
text: Nathan's VOICE mumbles the words over his typing...
scene_heading: WIDEN TO REVEAL
speaker_heading: “MOWTd OL Fava
dialog: - "ATTS uewsetTop ‘puetaz Aw
scene_heading: FO TTeFUMOp 7929Tq pue ezTT AYOTARZ ey Jo Az0As |yI sT sTuL
scene_heading: “wATTS UeuleqTod, ez0zeq ,pusetTazz Aw, spzom eyq ut sedAq ueujeN
speaker_heading: u - JO TTeFuMop
scene_heading: teq3Tq pue exgtT AyOTIA ey Jo AzoYs |yR ST sTuL, ZTeIWIW
dialog: ""*2T pusure 02 sayoesz pue soUuejUSS STY A 3e SUMOIFZ UeUIeN
speaker_heading: LHDIN - ACALS S,NVHLYN
scene_heading: Oot *CaHNNILNOOD OOT
speaker_heading: “OTT
dialog: 
