scene_heading: THE_FRIGHTENERS
dialog: Story and Screenplay
dialog: by >
dialog: Fran Walsh & / Peter Jackson
dialog: 4
dialog: 20th July, 1994
dialog: 331 Karaka Bay Rd,
speaker_heading: 3rd DRAPT
dialog: Wellington,
speaker_heading: NEW ZEALAND
speaker_heading: ph (644) 388 1198
speaker_heading: fax(644) 388 7915
dialog: c Universal 1994
scene_heading: EXT. BARTLETT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: An old GOTHIC HOUSE nestled in the hills above
text: Pairwater ... Wracked by a rainstorn.
dialog: 
text: A SHEET OF LIGHTNING illuminates an old monolithic
text: Victorian hospital, sprawling up the hillside behind the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT HOUSE/BEDROOM ~ NIGHT
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT lies awake in bed. She listens to the
text: eries of her daughter, echoing from the bedroom down the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (0.8)
dialog: {in anguish)
dialog: Oooh! Please! Don’t hurt ne!!
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT can take it no more. She rises out of
text: bed and pulls on an old velvet araglons gown.
text: An overweight, s¢owling vo late 70’s, she would
dialog: have looked like a young Winters in her day ~
dialog: some fifty years strlier @
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: OLD LADY BARTLETY hurries into the wood peneled
text: ~ hallway - heavily embossed gilt wallpaper, lush silk
text: carpet. She approaches PATRICIA‘S bedroom doar.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (0.8)
dialog: (pleading) -
dialog: No ... don’t .., stop!!! abhh!
scene_heading: " OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Patricia???
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT pauses at the doer. She is scared ...
text: her fingers touch the door handle ...
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: (waakly)
dialog: Patricia! I’m coming in!
text: She grasps the handle, turns it ..-
text: AT THAT MOMENT ... The wood paneled door stretches cut
text: into a grotesque image of a FACELESS HOODED MAN! OLD LADY
text: BARTLETT screams and staggers beck.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: (acreanming)
dialog: Leave my daughter alonet
text: The HOODED FIGURE sucks back into the door and is gone.
text: SILENCE ... then A DULL MOAN from PATRICIA.
scene_heading: OID LADY BARTLETT
dialog: It’s alright dear ... he’s gone!
text: She steps towards the door again ...
text: The WALLPAPER bubbles and bulges out of the wall next to
text: PATRICIA’s door! The shape beneath the paper becomes
text: that of the HOODED MAN ... a figure who seems to be
text: walking between the wall and the wallpaper. As the man
text: advances, the paper flattens back on the wall behind hin.
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT screams and flees towards her bedroom.
text: The WALLPAPER MAN ripples after her.
scene_heading: INT. OLD LADY BARTLETT‘’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT races into her roapignd slams the door.
text: Her trembling fingers twist the key, the lock.
text: She backs away towards her bes\te wee
text: ne MALLPAPER MAN energes “out of her wallpaper by the
dialog: loor
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT backs away from him as he advances down
text: the bedroop wall towards her ... She goes into the middle
text: of the room, snatches up her dressing table -stool and
text: hurls it at the shape in the wall.
text: WALLPAPER MAN‘S arms stretch out and catch the stool ...
text: CRUNCH! He crushes it between his paper covered hands.
text: gup LADY BARTLETT wastes no time ... she’s out of her
dialog: joor ...
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: ss. and down the stairs, running towards the front
dialog: entrance.
text: WALLPAPER MAN runs after her - a bizarre figure rippling
text: along the wall, and down the stairs. He beats OLD LADY
speaker_heading: BARTLETT
text: to the front door ... she spins around - flees
dialog: into ... ¢
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT KITCHEN ~ NIGHT
dialog: ++. the kitchen.
text: WALLPAPER MAN swells out of the floral kitchen paper,
text: right inte the middle of the rocs. The walipaper is
text: stretched way past breaking point, yet stays intact ...
text: the figure walks tcwerds OLD LADY BARTLETT ... We can
text: make out very few features on the ekull-like face beneath
text: the paper ... only e sadistic grin is clearly defined.
text: OLN LADY BARTLETT whimparg as the paper~clad hands reech
dialog: for her throat ...
text: Ker fingers fueble into ea drawer ... she grips @ huge
text: carving knife, holding it by the blade . She winces as
text: she cuta herself, blood trickling through ber tightening
dialog: fingers .-.
text: She atabs wildly] Blow after blow piercing WALLPAPER HAN!
text: with each eweep of the biade WALLPAPER MAN ie
text: shredded ... fingers, hands, arma, face ... Por ea brief
dialog: ponent we glimpse what is under the paper ,..
dialog: 
dialog: NOTHING!
text: The xXitchen RATTLES «as WALLPAPER anly sucks
text: hinself back into the wall ... papar dangles
text: from the wall. Ent
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT staggers into the hsllway and collapees
text: eat the foot of the stairs, sobbing. She releeses the
text: knife and clutches ber cut hand.
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY!
text: The CARFET surrounding OLD LADY BARTLETT rises up forming
text: the eabspe of giant fingers ... they wrap around her and
text: squeare ... shes screams,
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (0.8)
dialog: mf . Leave her alonai
text: WHIP ONTO ...
text: PATRICIA BARTLETT standing at tha top of the stairs. she
text: is dressed in a white night gown ... a dishevelled
dialog: looking women in her early fifties. She used to have
dialog: @ soft, attractive face, but « lifetine of euffering bas
text: etched lines of sorrow around her ayes and mouth.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: It’s me you want!
text: With a GUTTURAL RUMBLE, the carpet sinks away from OLD
text: LADY BARTLETT ... reforming into the figure of the HOCDED
text: MAN. As qui¢k and silently as a panther, CARPETMAN races
text: up the stairs, rippling beneath the stair runner.
speaker_heading: TOTAL P.a@
text: PATRICIA falls to the floor as the carpet billows beneath
text: her feet. CARPETMAN rises out of the floor behind her,
text: takes a grip on her wrists and silently drags her into
dialog: the bedroom. .
text: She makes no sound, her face expressionless as ... The
text: door of hear bedroom SLAMS SHUT.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEWSPAPER SUB~EDITOR’S ROOM ~ DAY
speaker_heading: CREDITS OVER:
text: A series of CLOSE UPS screlling through a newspaper front
text: page layout on a VDU screen ...
text: “DEATH STRIKES AGAIN" appears on screen ... Fingers tap
text: keyboard ... Closer still on screen ~ a photo of a
text: suiling yuppie ~ can see the pixels - "Chuck Hughes, aged
dialog: 30¢
dialog: "Third Mysterious Death This Week, Twenty Three in Two
dialog: Nonths ~ What is Happening To the People Of Fairwater?*
dialog: The Fairwatar Gazette’s aditor % }wacoa RAVANSEI, is
text: leaning over her junior reparter’s shoulder, scrolling
text: through the story on his bo ‘gan.
text: MAGDA is an immaculately attired career woman in her
text: early forties. She has a stealy gaze and a heart of
text: flint. The young Feporter, STEVE BAYLISS fidgets
dialog: anxiously.
text: MAGDA starts reading the text aloud ...
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: % - (reading}
dialog: “The mystery heart condition that
dialog: bas killed twenty-three people in
dialog: two months, has claimed another
text: victim. Doctors are baffled as to
dialog: why seasingly fit and =o healthy
dialog: people are suffering massive heart
dialog: attacks®.
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRWATER - DAY
text: LOOKING DOWN on FPAIKWATER from the surrounding hills ...
text: -+> It is a’ emall, but pretty town, nestled in a wooded
text: wallay on the edge of a rocky New England coastline.
text: Houses are parched on the steep slopes of tha hills above
text: the flst commercial districts and town centre. A
text: coustal freeway skirts the edge of town,
scene_heading: MAGDA’S V/O CONTINUES ...
speaker_heading: MAGDA (CONT‘D 0.S)
dialog: . (reading)
text: Many of Fairwater’s residents are
dialog: Claiming that the shadow of Desth
dialog: has once agair descended on the
dialog: town" ...
speaker_heading: (to STEVE)
dialog: What‘s this “shadow of Death"
dialog: stuff? I don’t like it.
speaker_heading: STEVE (0.5)
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: It ... it’s what they‘re saying,
dialog: Miss Ravanskil People are
text: starting to frank out.
text: TILT DOWN: to reveal FAIRWATER CEMETERY ... positioned on
text: a rolling hillside, high above the town. A funeral
dialog: service ie in progress ...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY ~ DAY
text: A SERIES OF CU’S of the funeral) service ... the
text: MOURNERS ... the PRIEST ... the funeral director pressing
text: the button, the coffin tower genre the grave ...
text: We also see a shabbily s&iGed man in bis late-thirtias
text: loitering near the MOURWERS. They seen irritated by his
text: presence. He approaches a WEEPING WOMAN and talks to her
text: quietly, handing her a business card. Her HUSBAND pushes
text: the man away ... he approaches another MOURKER, but meets
text: an equally hostile reception. The man finally beata an
text: undignified retreat across the graveyard towards his
text: battéred. old Ford.
text: We have just seen FRANK BANNISTER attempting to hustle up
dialog: sope business.
scene_heading: Throughout this agequence, WAGDA RAVANSKI‘S V/O has
dialog: continued: .
speaker_heading: MAGDA (CONT’D 0.S)
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "For decades the naBe of
dialog: Fairwater has been synonymous with
dialog: death, following the infawpous 1954
dialog: adley/Bartlett wurder spree,
dialog: en twelve people died at the
dialog: bands of hospital orderly John
dialog: Charles Bradley and Patricia Anne
dialog: Bartlett ... Now, forty years
text: later, The Grim Reaper is ence
text: again stelking the quiet streets
dialog: of Pairwater -*
scene_heading: INT. NEWSPAPER SUB-EDITOR’S ROOM = DAY
text: MAGDA sighs deeply --- hangs her head. STEVE fidgets
dialog: nervously. .
speaker_heading: . MAGDA
dialog: 1? No, Steve ... no, no, no. Have you
dialog: en’ learnt nothing during your
dialog: ne with us? This. is
dialog: \ tabloid trash ... irresponsible
dialog: scare mongering. What are you
dialog: trying to say here? That Death is
dialog: the greatest serial killer of all
dialog: time? ... This really sucks,
dialog: Steve. .
text: STEVE flinches.
speaker_heading: MAGDA (CONT’D) |
dialog: Call the Coroner’s office - get
dialog: some usable quotes... I
dialog: want facts: detailed medical
dialog: background, quotes frou the
dialog: Sheriff's office ... and get rid
dialog: ef all reference to Death as a
dialog: person!
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FRANK‘S CAR/CEMETERY ~ DAY
text: CLOSE ON: Open newspaper - headline "HUGHES TO BE BURIED
text: TODAY", circled in pen.
text: TILT UP off the newspaper, lying on the scruffy front
text: seat of FRANK BANNISTER‘’S 10 year old Ford ... FRANK gets
text: into his car, pausing slightly befere gunning the
dialog: engine...
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRWATER HILL ROAD = DAY
text: FRANK’S Ford splutters away down the winding hill road.
scene_heading: CREDITS END.
text: FRANK takes a bend too fast and slews across the center
dialog: line ...
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FRANK'S CAR/ROAD - DAY
text: A bunch of his business cards slide off the front seat
text: onto the floor.
text: FRANK glances down, cursing.
text: .--A HUGE TRUCK looms into view!
text: FRANK gasps and pulls on the wheel. In a blur of movement
text: and a squeal. of tires, his car does a one-eighty
text: degree spin. A collision seems inevitable ... FRANK shuts
dialog: his eyes!
text: Somehow FRANK'S CAR misses the TRUCK by inches ... it
text: Slews to a stop on a grassy lawn.
scene_heading: EXT. LYNSKEY HOUSE - DAY
text: FRANK is still gripping the wheel with white knuckles as
text: he slowly opens his eyes and focuses on the great lump of
text: hedge lodged on the hood of his car. He groans.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (under breath)
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: RAY (0.S) ot
dialog: Ob my God!!! >
text: RAY LYNSKEY comes running oure & ae n house ... from his
dialog: designer sportswear and well med physique it’s clear
dialog: that this guy is into physical fitness in a big way. He
text: looks at Prank‘’s car in disbelief.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t believe this! This is not
dialog: happening!
text: RAY stares at the two deep grooves that have been sliced
text: into the lawn by FRANK’S tires.
dialog: !
dialog: mI. My lawn ... wee, destroyed «
text: FRANK climbs out of his car ... he offers his card to
speaker_heading: RAY.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m sorry ... I’1]1 pay for any
dialog: damages ...
text: RAY shakes a fist at FRANK.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I swear to God, I’m gonna sue your
dialog: ass!
dialog: ¢
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Look ... Just send me the bill.
text: RAY glances at FRANK’S card and snorts with derision.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: “Prank Bannister. Communications
dialog: With The Dearly Departed ..-
dialog: Psychic Investigator"!!1l That’s a
dialog: good onel How come you didn’t see
dialog: the corner coming???
text: RAY rips the card in two.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Goddamn Pollshit!
text: FRANK quietly slides back into his car and starts
text: reversing across the lawn.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: - (yelling)
dialog: It‘s gonna cost. you, buddy! I
dialog: want this lawn completely
dialog: resurfaced!
text: RAY waves his arm at the gaping hole torn in his hedge.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT‘D ate
dialog: I wanna fully AS hedge
dialog: transplant! T a ant half-
text: assed little seedlings that are
dialog: gonna take ten years to grow ...
dialog: ye hear me? .
dialog: 
text: FRANK continues raversing onto the road. RAY snatches
text: up a headless lawn dwarf from the ramains of the hedge.
speaker_heading: RAY (COKT‘D)
dialog: And I want wy lawn dwarf replaced!:
dialog: This is a onemef@ collectors piece!
text: FRANK disappears down the road.
scene_heading: EXT. SANATORIUM ~ DAY
text: POV THROUGH CAR WINDOW ... Slowly driving along a narrow
text: road approaching the dilapidated entrance way into the
text: old Pairwater Tuberculosis Sanatorium ... A rusty chain
text: link fence ... a gate hanging off it’s hinges ... @ sun
text: Dlistered sign.
scene_heading: INT. LOCY’S_ CAR ~ DAY
text: LUCY, an attractive wouan in her sid twenties, peers out
text: from bahind her steering wheel, as she turns her car into
text: the old hospital entrance way.
dialog: po
scene_heading: EXT. SANATORIUM/BARTLETT HOUSE - DAY
text: CRANE UP ... over the fence as LUCY’S car pulls up in
text: front of the BARTLETT HOUSE ~ nestled into the steep
text: hillside below the vast old hospital complex. Even in the
text: light of day, this place has a dark, Gothic creepiness.
text: LUCY gets out of her car and heads towards the BARTLETT’S
text: front door.
text: CLOSE ON ... FRONT DOOR, as it flies open. OLD LADY
text: BARTLET? glares at LUCY.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: (aggressive)
dialog: This is private propertyi
text: LUCY keeps walking.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Mre Bartlett? I‘m Dr Lynskey ...
dialog: I work at tha medica) center.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: Dr Zamina is my pereenas
dialog: physician! G 4
text: OLD LADY SBARTLETT’S right 4G. bound in pakeshift
dialog: ge
dialog: bandagee.
dialog: Lucy
text: Dr Kamins is attending a
dialog: funeral ... I'm seeing his
dialog: patients today. -
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT LOUNGE = DAY
dialog: ae
text: CLOSE OW ... BANDAGE coming off OLD LADY BARTLETT’S hand,
text: revealing the cut acrose her fingara that bas now turned
dialog: septic.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT (0.5)
dialog: I wes cutting the vegetables and
text: the knife slipped.
text: Lucy is kneeling next to OLD LADY BARTLETT with a bowl of
text: hot water and some dressings.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: A few stitches and you'll be fine
dialog: pe 1/1) drive you to ER.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: Impossible!
dialog: Lacy
dialog: It’s 8 deep cut.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: Just clean it up and give me sone
dialog: antibiotics.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (0.58)
dialog: If the doctor says you should go
dialog: to the Emergency Room mother, you
dialog: Bust go.
text: LUCY turns to see PATRICIA standing in the lounga doorway.
text: She is dowdily dressed, a slightly vacant glaze in her
text: eyes. OLD LADY BARTLETT lurchas to her feet.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: Patricial To your roou)
text: PATRICIA hesitates ... she catches LUCY’S eye, a curious
text: look of sadness. .
speaker_heading: OLD LADY (CONT'D)
dialog: This inetant. ~ 1
dialog: G “a
dialog: PATRICIA turns. t al
dialog: wey
dialog: Just a minute ...
text: LUCY approaches PATRICIA, who shrinks away.
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m not going to hurt you.
text: LUCY gently touches PATRICIA’S neck ... she flinches as
text: LUCY eases her collar down revealing the large purple
text: welts on PATRICIA’S neck, LOCY frowns.
speaker_heading: LUcy
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Who did this?
text: PATRICIA averts her eyes.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: (firm)
dialog: I think you’d better go now, Dr
dialog: Lynskey.
text: With surprising strength, OLD LADY BARTLETT takee hold of
text: Lucy’S forearm and steers her towards the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. BARTLETT HOUSE - DAY Ul.
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT thrusts LUCY out onto the front porch,
text: shoving her coat and bag at her.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: You don’t know who my daughter is
dialog: do you?
text: LUCY looks at OLD LADY BARTLETT with an air of defiance.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Yes ... I do, Mrs Bartlett.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: It’s not true what they say about
dialog: her. Patricia has been a model
dialog: citizen since her release.
text: LUCY neds curtly at OLD LADY BARTLETT ... she turns and
dialog: leaves.
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT watches LUCY walk to her car.
scene_heading: EXT. LYNSKEY HOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: a
dialog: The Lynskey house ... \ Gredge -e. deep tire
text: tracks... only the bedroom tore is on.
speaker_heading: RAY (0.8)
dialog: She’s a murderer!
speaker_heading: Lucy (0.S)
dialog: I feel sorry for her.
scene_heading: INT.: LYNSKEY BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: RAY is working his rowing machine on the bedroom floor,
text: wearing nothing but his boxer shorts ... LUCY is sitting
text: in bed reading a tacky looking book called "Killer
text: Couples", the cover of which features Bonnie & Clyde,
dialog: Parker.& Hulme and Leopold & Loeb.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Lucy! She killed twelve people!
text: LUCY looks up from the book.
dialog: , Lucy
dialog: It was never Proven that
dialog: Patricia Bartlett was actively
text: involved. She fell in love with
dialog: the wrong guy ...
text: CLOSE ON: A glossy photo of a grinning twenty-two year 12.
text: old wan. He is attractive looking, but with a Satantic
text: gleam in his eye. The caption below reads: "Johnny
text: Bradley, on the day of his execution. His last words: ‘TI
dialog: got te a score of 12! Top that!’*.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT’D)
dialog: ++. it can happen to anyone.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: She was there ... They should’ve
dialog: fried her when they fried Bradley!
text: Lucy turns the page ... a photo of a young Patricia being
text: lead out of court by her mother.
dialog: - Luci
dialog: (acidly)
dialog: She was fifteen years old.
text: RAY sighs ... LUCY shuts the book.
speaker_heading: LUCY (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t think shes been in Getty
dialog: out of that house Y
dialog: years... Q\
text: RAY stands, sweat dribbling 4 Re chest.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Can we talk about something else? 1
dialog: Like how amazingly well I did at .
dialog: work today? Like ... guess who's
dialog: -asked me to be their personal
dialog: trainer?
text: LUCY ignores RAY ... He crawls onto the bed like a
text: panther ---. He slaps the bed cover with the pals of his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT’D)
dialog: _- (lascivious)
dialog: Come on, Honey ... I’ve got a
dialog: friend who wants to meet you!
text: LUCY allows RAY to pull her down into an embrace.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (nuzzling her neck)
dialog: I made reservations at Bellisimos.
dialog: favorite table ... remember?
dialog: sday?
text: RAY suddenly pauses ... he plucks a card out of the folds
text: of the bedclothes.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT‘’D)
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: What the hell is this doing here?
text: CLOSE ON ... Prank Bannister’s business card ~ now in one
text: piece. LUCY glances up disinterestedly. She shrugs.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT‘D)
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I tore it up ... did he come back
dialog: to the house?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: who???
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: The moron who took out the hedge!
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY!
text: The BEDCLOTHES rise into the air, throwing RAY onto the
text: floor! They hover four feet above LUCY, gently billowing
text: like a laid back flying carpet. LUCY sous one
speaker_heading: RY \G
dialog: (panick \
dialog: Holy Shit! ER
dialog: Wocy
dialog: (worried)
dialog: What‘’s happening, Ray???
text: The BEDCLOTHES starts to rotate ... they suddenly shoot
text: across the room, slamming into the wall. RAY grabs LUCY
text: and pulls her to the floor as the BZDCLOTHES zoom over
text: their heads, darting around tne room like a trapped fly.
text: They suddenly lose power and drop onto RAY and LuUcY’SsS
text: huddled figures.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (from below bedclothes)
dialog: eee tornado! Some sorta
dialog: localized air current ...
text: LUCY jumps to her feet, throwing the bedclothes away. She
text: backs away from thes, rigid with fear ... collapsing on
dialog: the bed.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (trembling)
dialog: ‘our windows are shut ...
text: AT THAT MOMENT ...
text: The BED lurches into the air! LUCY SCREAMS and clings
text: onto it ... it apins around slowly.
dialog: 13,
speaker_heading: RAY 4,
dialog: Oh my God ...
speaker_heading: . . LUCY
dialog: Ray! Help me! GET ME OFF!
text: RAY hurls himself onto ths bed, grabbing LUCY. They both
text: crash onto the floor.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRANK‘S HOUSE = NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: Phone ringing. HAND immpediztely snatches it
text: up ... FRANK BANNISTER looks gris as he listens to
text: LUCY’S panicked voice ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m on my way, Dr Lynskey!
scene_heading: INT. LYRSKEY KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: LUCY puts the phone down. G gt?
dialog: a}
dialog: ‘¥
dialog: Your making me wr ee I don’t
dialog: want that con-man in my house!
text: ANGLE: om RAY standing in the middle of the kitchen as
text: CUPBOARDS open and ghut wildly, CHAIRS float in the sir,
text: KNIVES and FORKS danca about on the bench.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT’D)
dialog: There‘a a rational explanation for
dialog: this ... we don’t nead a goddamn
dialog: Spoon bender telling us what to
dialog: a . dol
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Ray! We‘ve got a poltergeist!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It's nothing the police can‘t
dialog: handle!
text: A cratily whirling SAUCEPAN sping through the air,
text: Collecting RAY on the back of the head with a loud
text: "DONG"! He drops.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: f
scene_heading: EXT. LYNSKEY HOUSE - WIGHT
text: HEADLIGHTS of am epeeding car approach the Lynskey’s
text: bouse. FRANK‘S CAR suddenly veers off the road ... leaps
text: the curb and skids to a halt across the lawn ... cutting
text: freab furrows in the graaal
text: LOW ANGLE: Car door opens and FRANK emerges, bag in hand.
scene_heading: INT, “LYNSKEY KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Lucy is applying ice to the back of RAY’S head ... he
text: winces, holding a wet face cloth against his forehead -..
dialog: all is quiet. .
text: FRANK rushes into the kitchen ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Dr Lynskey?
text: LUCY nods...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: It went quiet about five minutes
dialog: aga ...
text: FRANK surveys the mess.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Unsystematic displac
dialog: 
dialog: Is it over? ee
text: FRANK shakes his head. <
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Persisting residues of the
dialog: departed, always a problem at this
dialog: time of year ... You appear to
dialog: have a bad case of Recurrent
dialog: Spontaneous Psychokinesis.
dialog: me Locy ”
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Is there anything we can do?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I can do a clearance ... it’s not
dialog: cheap, but I do offer a six sonth
dialog: quarsntes.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: How wuch?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Two forty-nine, ninety-five ...
dialog: ‘sith a thirty percent penalty for
dialog: & callout after midnight ... Oh,
dialog: what the hell ... Let’s just call
text: it quits over the hedge.
dialog: RAY looks Sour -.-.
text: RAY is about te object, but LUCY shoots him a stern look.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT‘D)
dialog: -»» Plus a hundred bucks for
dialog: gaterials ... I can't afford to be
text: out of pocket.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (sullen)
dialog: Just do it, Bannisteri
text: FRANK goes to work...
text: He pulls a BLACK BOX out of his bag ... plugs it into a
text: ‘Wall socket. An electrical arc fizzes between two
text: A small fan in the side of the box spins
dialog: 
dialog: electrodes.
dialog: around.
dialog: Locy
dialog: (nervously) .
dialog: Why us? Why are they in ‘yur house?
speaker_heading: FRAMK -
text: FRANK'S BLACK BOX gains power. It rattles on the bench.
text: CLOSE OM FRANK ... He narrows his ayes in a theatrical
dialog: manner.
text: FRANK pulls a WATER PISTOL cut of hie bag
dialog: Emanations are confined to the
dialog: graveyard, Ma‘am ... But sometines
dialog: they get out. It’s usually the
dialog: young ones - in search of some
dialog: harmless fun. I often see them on
dialog: the s ets, in people‘s houses,
text: down at Granger’s Thrifty Mart ..-
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Granger ’s???
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah ... There’s always a bunch of
text: thes hanging around the pet food
text: Stand on a Saturday night.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: For Godsanke, Bannister!
speaker_heading: , FRANK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Thare‘s a whole other world there
dialog: that you folks can’t see ...
dialog: ie.
dialog: «
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: Step aside.
text: FRANK brandishes the water pistol like Mel Gibson, He
text: atarte squirting water around.
speaker_heading: FRAKK (CONT'D)
dialog: Holy water!
text: FRANK disappears into the lounge.
text: RAY shakes his head, still clutching the face cloth to
text: his forehead.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: This is bullshit see total
dialog: bulishit!
text: FRANK’S black box suddenly stops ... a emall green light
text: flashes.
text: FRANK ambles back into the ritcnem Po pulls a SILVER
text: POIL BAG out of the middle of - He quickly seals
dialog: the top and offera it to aye
dialog: These belong to you ... six
text: ectoplacmic Epanations.
text: LUCY looks bewildered.
speaker_heading: PRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: Some people like a souvenir ...
dialog: (be grins)
dialog: They can’t escape. Where shall I
dialog: put’ an?
dialog: mR. Lucy
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: I don’t think we really wanna hang
dialog: onte those ... do wa, Hon? e
dialog: garbage crépesal
text: PRANK shrugs and sauntera over si weee drops
text: the bag into the af A quick burst of the motor
text: and theay’re gone. LUCY gasps.
speaker_heading: PRANK
dialog: Don’t worry, they den‘’t feel pain.
dialog: At least, that’s what the books
dialog: gay .-. but I guess wa‘ll naver
dialog: jaw for sure.
text: PRANK grins at RAY and LUCY.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Alright ... you can go.
dialog: 1?,
dialog: 
text: “RAY takes the face cloth off his forehead .-. FRANK
text: etares at his forehead ...
text: FRANK'S POV .... the number "37" is oarked in raised welts
text: of skin on RAY¥‘S forehead. .
speaker_heading: RAY .
dialog: What the hell are you staring
dialog: Bt???
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What’s with the number?
text: RAY clearly doesn’t know what he’s talking about -»- LUCY .
text: looks at RAY‘S forehead ...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What number?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (pad)
dialog: Are you trying to freak oe? It
dialog: won't work buddy! Ya.no€ getting
dialog: anymore money out of
dialog: erat ee
dialog: Get outta here!
text: FRANK backs out of the houge.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Looking down on FAIRWATER at 3em ... There’s not a lot
dialog: happening.
text: CRANE DOWN ... to reveal FRANK’S HOUSE perched high on a
text: bluff above the town. In the moonlight we can make out
text: little detail ... but it is obvious that the house is
text: only half built.
text: HEADLIGHTS approach up the winding road, and FRANK polls :
text: into his drive.
text: He hops out of his car and goes to the back, opening the
dialog: trunk
text: SUDDENLY! ... A GHOULISH EMANATION rushes out of the
text: truck! FRAKK leaps to one side ...
text: ANOTHER EMARATION lurches out! .
text: FRANK slams the trunk.
text: The first apparition - STUART HARPER, staggers cover to 4
text: low wall and sits down clutching his stomach.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: I think I’m gonna throw up!
text: STUART was in. his early twenties when he died. He has a
text: slightly retten appearance and continually dribbles with
text: ectoplasmic slime. We can see through him, although the
dialog: degree of translucence is not always consistent ...
dialog: STUART had a double degree in art history and theology.
text: CYRUS is the other apparition. He is a black dude from
text: the seventies ... White disco suit, built up heels and
text: sideburns.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Man, I hate that trunk!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m not having you spreading
dialog: your ectoplasmic muck over ny
dialog: seats.
speaker_heading: ~ STUART
dialog: well I'm sorry Fra ‘eh but we're
dialog: not traveling
dialog: anymore. It’s impa: ie to york
dialog: under these we
dialog: Nevrus
dialog: We wanna Sede in style, man.
text: STUART reaches into his pockets and angrily flings a pile
text: of Frank's business cards onto the driveway.
speaker_heading: . STUART
dialog: I quit!
dialog: FRANK is not buying into any of this ...
dialog: Rt.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Shut up!
text: FRANK gives STUART an angry shove ... He wobbles on his
text: feet, losing his tenuous center of gravity. EMANATIONS
text: are made up of loosely compacted particles that can be
text: distorted, scattered, stretched and squeezed - always
text: returning to their original shape.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: (angry)
dialog: You clowns left se high and dry
dialog: , tonight! I arrive at the house and
dialog: ‘ there’s nothing happening ... You
text: guys are just sitting around
dialog: watching. I couldn’t believe it!
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: We actually strained our backs,
dialog: lifting the bed, Frank!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Come on! You could’ve swung some
text: cupboards arourd ... flashed a few
dialog: lights! How hard is that? I’ve
dialog: gotta have something to work with!
text: FRANK fishes his keys out of his pocket and enters his
text: house ... CYRUS jives in behind FRANK.
text: STUART staggers to his feet.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: - Prank] I didn’t go to college to
dialog: spend the rest of my life haunting
dialog: people!
text: FRANK closes the front door in STUART‘’S face ... The
text: Emanation momentarily flattens against te door, then
dialog: passes straight through it! nn
dialog: w
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S HALLWAY - NIGHT e
dialog: «
text: STUART emerges into the hallway. J
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Listen, guys ... I gotta lot of
dialog: creditors knocking on my door. If
dialog: I go under, you go under ... six
dialog: foot under, back in the cemetery!
text: STUART looks horrified.
speaker_heading: a - FRARK (CONT’D)
dialog: We're only just scratching a
dialog: living here, and you guys better
dialog: pull your weight!
text: FRANK walks into the kitchen and slags the door.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: (worried)
dialog: He’s not serious about the
dialog: cemetery ... is he?
speaker_heading: cyYrRus
dialog: 1 it, man. I’m gonna play se
dialog: ome music!
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Oh, God! Not Isasec Hayes ...
dialog: Anything but Isaac Heyes.
text: CYRUS disappears through the wall, into the lounge.
dialog: . cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Theme from shaft booms out over Fairwater.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THRU TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK'S HOUSE - NEXT MORNING
text: Sun rises over FAIRWATER.
text: We can see FRANK'S HOUSE more clearly now ... It is only
text: half finished: Large sections bave not been clad. A
text: whole wing of the house consists of nothing but
text: framework. Protective tarpaulins flap in the wind. Stacks
text: of bricks and timber litter the section. An old concrete
text: mixer is parked st the top of the drive.
dialog: None of this would be unusual ... if it wasn’t for the
dialog: fact that the construction clearly stopped some ten
text: years earlier... Everything is badly weathered, rusty snd
dialog: weeds grow out of control] admist the halt completed
dialog: house. yy
text: BANG! BANG! Loud gunshets echo out of the house.
dialog: a@
dialog: «
text: FRANK is humming to himself in a hot shower ~ steam fills
text: the shower stall as he lets the water cascade over his
text: head and shoulders.
scene_heading: INT. FRANK’S SHOWER - MORNING
text: The water pressure suddenly dies. FRANK frowns and
dialog: &djusts the nozzle ...
text: The pipe bulges and CYRUS balloons out of the shower
text: head! His head and shoulders are terribly distorted.
dialog: cyrus
dialog: It’s the Judge, Frank ... the
dialog: cat‘s real upset man! He’s got his
dialog: wix shooters out!
text: BANGL BANG! More gunshots.
text: CYRUS disappears back into the pipe ... before he can
text: react, FRANK gets a face full of scolding water.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: aggh!
dialog: 2.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. FRANK‘’S KITCHEN - HORNING
text: FRANK storms into the kitchen ...
text: He is confronted with the sight of. the JUDGE ... a tall
text: elderly Emanation - a lawman from the last days of the
text: nineteenth century. The JUDGE was embalmed, but it was a
dialog: cheap job and hasn‘t stood the test of time. His dry
text: mummified body is in an advanced state of decay ... He
text: looks even worse without his jaw bone!
text: The JUDGE is swivelling around, blazing away wildly with
text: two rusty ghost Colts. FRANK flinches as ghost bullets
text: pass through his body and the wall behind without leaving
text: a mark. CYRUS and STUART peer warily out of framed
dialog: paintings.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (gurgle)
dialog: Damn rustler’s took me jaw bone!
text: A mangy transparent GHOST DOG is racing around the room,
text: circling the JUDGE at high speed ... the o jaw bone
dialog: clenched between his teeth!!!
text: FRANK drops to his knees, attempting wit the dog.
dialog: Rustler! Here boy! ce
text: RUSTLER ignores FRANK and keeps racing around the roon.
text: BANG! BANG! The JUDGE takes potshots at RUSTLER. A ghost
text: bullet ricochets past STUART’S ear, taking a nick out of
text: it. Ectoplasm dribbles between his fingers.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: For Godsake, Frank! I could’ve
dialog: met. been killed!
text: FRANK takes a flying leap at RUSTLER, bringing him down
text: in a tackle. He tugs the ghostly jaw bone out of the
speaker_heading: DOG’S mouth.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Put your shooters away, Judge!
text: THE JUDGE snatches his jaw bone out of FRANK’S hand and
text: Fans it back into his face.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (flexing jaw)
dialog: ‘Sneaky little sidewinder! 1/11
dialog: have the varmint stuffed!
text: RUSTLER playfully licks THE JUDGE’S hand with a wet,
dialog: rotten tongue.
speaker_heading: CcoT To:
dialog: 22.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. FRANK’S LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Like the exterior, the inside of FRANK’S house has also
dialog: been left unfinished for many years. Very few of the
text: walls and ceilings have been lined - timber framing is
text: visible throughout. No painting has been done and
text: makeshift furniture is scetteread about.
text: FRANK is quietly hunched over a newspaper in the gloomy
text: lounge. THE JUDGE sits in a large old armchair ... He
text: enite a soft glow in the semi~darkness.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
text: Prank ... When 3s man’s jaw drops
dialog: off, it’s time to reassess the
dialog: situation.
text: FRANK looks at THE JUDGE with concern.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (reassuring) .
dialog: What are you talking about? You’res
dialog: in great shape. \G Se
dialog: ”~
speaker_heading: JUDGE ek
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: I‘m falling apart ... My joints
dialog: sre getting powdery. Frightening’s
dialog: @ young man’s game. I ain’t got no
dialog: More hauntings left in me ...
dialog: Hell, I can herdly rustle up a
dialog: scare!
dialog: (lowers voice)
dialog: Frank, don’t go saying noth'in to
dialog: the boys, but ... my ectoplasn’s
dialog: all dried up.
speaker_heading: BL. FRANK
dialog: (regqretfully}
dialog: I’m sorry to hear that, Judge.
text: THE JUDGE shakes his haad sadly -..
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I’ve got meself a nice little
dialog: Kr up there at the cemetery...
dialog: t could scon be time to lay ny
dialog: bones.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: jut Judge! Who’s gonna help me
dialog: inish this house?
text: THE JUDGE chuckles softly.
speaker_heading: JODGE
dialog: You ain’t touched this place in
dialog: ten years, Frank, If I wait around
dialog: for- you, I/11 never get to rest in
dialog: peace ... Prank?
text: FRANK is searching the peper, quickly turning the pages,
text: scanning his eyes up and down the columns.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Darn!
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRWATER STREETS - DAY
text: CLOSE ON: colorful banner hanging from lamp poet
text: announcing the Tuesday night opening of a sajor new
dialog: exibition at Fairwater Museum ... "Evidence Embalned ...
dialog: The Secrets of Ancient Egypt"
text: CRANE PAST banner ... to pick FRANK 40ne crosses the
dialog: busy Fairwater highstreet. He loo! aH ted and carries
text: a folded newspaper under his
text: FRANK storms into the "Fairwater Gazette" offices.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE ~ DAY
text: MAGDA RAVANSKI is sitting at her desk ... FRANK
text: sits opposite her.
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: I’m sorry Mr Bannister, but we
dialog: : are no longer running your
dialog: Soe advertisement. I’ve had a strean
dialog: of complaints about your...
dialog: business practices. Freying on the
dialog: bereaved is about as low as you
dialog: can go. This paper no longer
dialog: intends to associate itself with
dialog: your dubioeys activities.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I have s right to advertise sy
dialog: services to the public.
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: , in case you haven’t noticed, wa
text: are in the amidst of a major
dialog: Bealth crisis. The last thing
dialog: people need is a 8 two-bit
dialog: eharlatan offering to pass on
text: bogus messages from the other
dialog: side ... Now - if you will excuse
dialog: mm.
dialog: 24.
text: MAGDA stands and walks towards the door.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How am I going to earn a living?
text: MAGDA holds the door open for FRANK.
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: (sneering)
dialog: "Living" ... That’s not a word
dialog: you'd know a lot about is it, Mr
dialog: Bannister?
speaker_heading: ‘CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/NEWSPAPER OFFICE - DAY
text: FRANK angrily slams the door as he storms out of the
text: Newspaper office. He marches across the road, causing a
text: hearse to slam on the brakes ... the coffin slides around
text: in the back! Various cars in the funeral entourage blast
text: their horns at FRANK‘S reckless jaywalking.
text: FRANK does a double take as he notices LUCY LYNSKEY
text: sitting in the back of one of the ait.
text: FRANK reaches the other side @ road ... he hears the
text: sound of running feet: RAY SKEY is running down the
dialog: sidewalk straight towar im!
text: RAY is pale and frightened. -
text: RAY runs straight through other pedestrians! He is
text: transparent! Nobody seems aware of his presence. He
text: approaches FRANK at breakneck speed. FRANK shies back,
dialog: but too late...
text: WHACK! .RAY thumps straight into FRANK and both men fall
text: over. A COUPLE OF PASSERSBY help FRANK to his feet. RAY
text: stays on the ground looking at FRANK with disbelief.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: . Bannister????
speaker_heading: PASSERBY 1
dialog: Are you alright buddy?
text: FRANK looks RAY straight in the eye.
speaker_heading: PRANK
dialog: ‘tes.
speaker_heading: PASSERBY 2
dialog: Someone should do something about
dialog: the state of these sidewalks.
text: The PASSERSBY wander off.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Bannister ,.. You gotta help}
dialog: They're going to bury ne!
text: FRANK glances about ... He gestures for RAY to follow
dialog: hin,
scene_heading: ExT. ALLEY ~ DAY
text: PRANK enters the alley off the main street. RAY hurries
dialog: up to his.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: {panicked}
dialog: Please! What's happening???
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You appear ta be dead, Ray!
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Don't gay that! It‘s not
dialog: possible ... I’m in the prime of
dialog: life ... I work out everyday! Hy
dialog: wife’s a Goddaan jockor !
text: FRANK doesn‘t buy into RAY’S ‘hysteria.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: «Why didn’t you take the corridor?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: What corridor?
dialog: me
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The corrider of light .. the
text: pathway to the cther side.
speaker_heading: RAY
text: I den‘t beleng on the ether side.
dialog: Jesus, I’m only twenty-four ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: What happened, Ray-
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: & wae on the rowing machina ... I
dialog: suddenly felt this vice-like grip
dialog: Squeezing my heart ... I couldn’t
dialog: breathe ...
text: RAY holds up a trembling, translucent hand ...
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT’D)
dialog: I've got the shakes ... I need
dialog: gone vitamin B!
text: FRANK shakes his head ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You don’t need vitamins anymore,
dialog: Ray ... You don’t eat, you don‘t
dialog: drink, you don’t go to the
dialog: bathrocs ... it’s all over.
text: Tears well in RAY‘'S eyes.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: In a year’s time, on the
dialog: anniversary of your death, you
dialog: will have another chance to cross
dialog: to the other side - to become a
dialog: pure spirit. Until then you're
dialog: what's known as an Zarthbound
text: Emanation. A cloud of rotting
dialog: bioplasmic particles, leaking
dialog: ectoplass from every orifice. b
speaker_heading: RAY \G 9
dialog: (squeaks )
dialog: Oh, Jesusi c&
text: RAY bursts into tears.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Do you understand?
text: RAY nods, wiping tears away with his sleeve,
speaker_heading: mR : RAY
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Give we a rids, Prank ... I don’t
dialog: wanna fias my funeral.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRWATER CEMETERY - DAY
text: The MOURNERS are gathered around the graveside ..-
text: FRANK'S car pulls up outside the gatea,
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S CAR - DAY
text: FRANK grabs RAY’S arm ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Listen, Ray ... ths cenetery’s not
dialog: a good place. Stay close.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: RAY 2s.
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: Later, Frank ... I wanna hear what
dialog: they’re saying about me!
text: RAY frantically grabs at the door handle, but his fingers
text: pass through it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Handles take a bit of getting used
dialog: to ...
text: FRANK roughly shoves RAY through the door ...
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRWATER CEMETERY ~ DAY
text: “RAY tumbles onte the ground ...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Coowsl
text: He scrambles up and runs through the cemeteryngates-
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 8
dialog: hay: (urgently) ee
text: RAY screams ss a huge OGRE-LIKE SPIRIT rises out of the
text: ground in front of his.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: (guttural)
dialog: State your business!
text: RAY trembles with fear ... FRANK runs up behind him.
speaker_heading: mR. FRANK
dialog: Be‘’s with me.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: . (guttural)
dialog: You're net welcomes here,
dialog: : Bannister!
text: FRANK holds his ground with the GATEKEEPER.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s the guy’s funeral ... we'll
dialog: be ten minutes.
text: FRANK taken RAY by the arm and pushes past the
scene_heading: GATEKEEPER.
text: RAY looks about the cemetery wide-eyed ... Creepy looking
text: EMANATIONS scuttle furtively amongst the tombstones. An
text: authoritarian voice suddenly barks out ...
speaker_heading: RILES (0.8)
dialog: Get back in your graves!
text: SOUND of a ghostly machine-gun burst rings out, and The
text: EMANATIONS quickly vanish below ground like frightened
text: gophers as ghost bullets zip over their heads.
speaker_heading: HILES (CONT’D O.S)
dialog: Bannister!!!
text: FRANK pushes RAY towards his service ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Keep going ... I’11 deal with
dialog: this.
text: RAY heads towards his gravesite ... FRANK turns to
dialog: face ...
text: HILES ... a wiry little authoritarian SPIRIT ...
text: striding determinedly towards FRANK, carrying a smoking
text: ghost Uzi machine gun. Unlike FRANK'S decomposing
text: Emanation friends, Heavenly Spirits glow with a radiant
text: white light, in a state of permanent physical perfection.
dialog: nites, &
dialog: What are you ayfog in uy
dialog: graveyard? You gate been told to
dialog: stay away! »
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s a public place, Hiles.
speaker_heading: BILES
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I don’t like you! You cannot bring
dialog: your spooks in here without ay
dialog: mL permission!
text: HILES shoves FRANK, sending him staggering backwards with
text: seemingly little effort. FRANK angrily lashes at HILES,
text: but his blows pass straight through the Spirit.
speaker_heading: : HILES
dialog: . (sneering)
dialog: I‘m not one of ~your shitty
dialog: Emanations, Bannister. You can‘t
dialog: push Spirits around!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: ,t don‘t want any trouble, Hiles.
text: HILES gestures around the cemetery.
speaker_heading: HILES
dialog: You have no understanding of By
dialog: situation ... We got a lotta low
dialog: lifes here ... a lotta gutless
dialog: Creeps who are too scared to
dialog: weet their maker! I provide an
text: armed response at the first sign
dialog: of trouble! +e. They must be
dialog: contained!!!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: For Godsake, Hiles ... I get this
dialog: speech every time I step foot in
dialog: the place!
speaker_heading: HILES
dialog: (screans)
dialog: You are scum! Exploiting a lower
dialog: Species for your own material
dialog: gain ... using spooks to put the
dialog: frighteners on people ... that
dialog: makes me fea) physically ill,
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: See ya, Hiles ... ao
text: FRANK turns his back on HILES ks towards RAY’S
text: funeral service, ignoring the three it follow:
speaker_heading: HILES
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: My contract runs another eighty-
dialog: five years! There‘’s a piece of
dialog: dirt here with your name on it!
dialog: I’m waiting for you, Bannister!
text: At the graveside, LUCY is sobbing softly next to her
text: PARENTS.. Her boss, DR KAMINS stands nearby. RAY attempts
dialog: to put a comforting are around Lucy ... but it just
text: passes straight through. SEVERAL MOURNERS whisper
text: saongst themselves as FRANK arrives in bis ill-fitting
dialog: suit.
dialog: " BRYCE CAMPBELL, RAY’S best buddy, is saying a few
dialog: words ...
speaker_heading: BRYCE
dialog: There ware timen when people have
dialog: accused Ray of being less than
dialog: generous, but I am sura that daep
dialog: down, the man possessed a heart of
dialog: gold and a generous spirit ...
text: RAY burets into tears.
dialog: 30.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: It’s all true! He wouldn’t lie ...
dialog: not at a time like this!
text: The coffin starts ‘to descend. LUCY steps forward and
text: tosses a flower into the coffin.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (tearful)
dialog: Goodbye Ray...
text: RAY moves towards LUCY...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Oh, Jesus ... wnat a waste! It’s a
dialog: Goddamn tragedy!
text: RAY reaches out to comfort LUCY ... He tumbles straight
text: through her and falls into the grave!
text: THUD! RAY passes straight through the coffin and lands
text: at the bottom of the grave. He lies on hia back and
text: screams as the black shape of the coffin descends over
dialog: hin,
dialog: vy
text: FRANK reacts to RAY‘s screaming and pushes through the
dialog: crowd, ~*
dialog: ae
scene_heading: INT. RAY‘S COFFIN - DAY
text: RAY finds himself lying spravled on top of his ow dead
text: body. He screams and site up, passing through the lid of
dialog: the coffin.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVESIDE = DAY
dialog: me .
text: RAY emerges out of the top of the coffin. He calls out to
speaker_heading: FRANK
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Frank!
text: FRANK -leans over the grave, trying not to attract undue
dialog: attention. .
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY (0.S)
dialog: Hi ya, Frank.
text: FRANK turns to see ... tha local lawman, SHERIFF WALTER
text: PERRY - mid forties, friendly face, slightly over weight.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Walt!
dialog: a
dialog: surprised to see you, Frank ... n
dialog: Here on business, I guess. .
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Not exactly...
text: PERRY takes FRANK to one side ...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: Hear you had run in with
dialog: Lynskey, the night hefore he
dialog: died. Fact is, apart from his
dialog: wife, you were the last person to
dialog: see him alive ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sounds like you‘re the one who‘’s
dialog: here on business, Walt.
text: SHERIFF PERRY suddenly chuckles.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: Lord no! Ray and I get at the
dialog: gym ... In fact, he'd just ae
dialog: wy personal trainer.
text: FRANK raises his ayebrows ... SHEE Nias looks around
text: furtively .. lowers his voice +* :
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY (CONT’D)}
dialog: Folks don’t have respect for the
dialog: law unless you look like a TV cop!
speaker_heading: RAY (0.5)
dialog: {worrisd)
dialog: Frank!! —
text: FRANK glances at RAY ... the grave is being filled in ...
text: dirt is piling up around his chest, but FRANK is
text: poWerless to help under the SHERIFF’S gaze ...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: Ever heard of a guy called Milton
dialog: Danmers, Frank?
text: PRANK sbakez his head.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY (CONT’D)}
dialog: He's some psychic freak the FBI
dialog: ere sending down ... These deaths
dialog: are causing a lot of concern. They
text: look like heart attacks, but when
text: they open them up ... arteries as
dialog: clean as a whistle
dialog: (lowers vo. }
dialog: eee But there’s been this
text: tressndous pressure on the heart,
dialog: like it’s had the life crushed out
dialog: of it ... Any theories, Prank?
dialog: 
dialog: pay 33.
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Prank!!!
text: RAY is up to his neck in soil ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I have to go, Wait ... I wanna pay
dialog: my last respects to Ray before
dialog: they fill hin in.
text: SHERIFF PERRY nods and respectfully steps to one side ...
text: FRANK bends down and scoops up a handful of dirt. He
text: tosses it in the grave, grabbing hold of RAY’S ara.
text: FRANK hauls RAY out as subtly as he can, marching him
text: away from the dispersing MOURNERS.
dialog: Lucy (0.5)
dialog: Mr Bannister!
text: FRANK and RAY spin around. LUCY leaves HER FAMILY and
text: hurries across the lawn towards then.
speaker_heading: RAY ‘o
dialog: (excited) . 3
dialog: Oh God ... she can .me Frank! -
dialog: Lucy! ge
text: He breaks away and holds his arms out stretched as she
text: arrives ... but she passes straight through him!
dialog: - Lucy
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Mr Bannister ... Did you want to
dialog: see ne?
dialog: a
text: FRANK looks wary.
speaker_heading: Locy (CONT’D)
dialog: I thought perhaps ... you might
dialog: have a message from Ray.
speaker_heading: ~ RAY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Tell her Prank! Tall her I‘m here!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Everyone says you‘re a fraud, but
dialog: i‘ve seen what you can do.
dialog: FRANK doesn’t know what to say ..-
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (screaming)
speaker_heading: FRANK! 11
text: LUCY looks downcast at FRANK'S silence. 34,
dialog: Locy
dialog: You must think I’m very stupid ...
dialog: excuse ne.
text: LUCY turns and walks away.
text: FRANK hesitates a moment longer, than ...
speaker_heading: PRANK
dialog: Ray says he loves you very much.
text: Lucy spins around. She can see only FRANK standing
dialog: awkwardly alone. .
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: TRACKING across 8 busy restaurant ...
text: LUcy is sitting nervously at a corner table. She is
text: glamourously attired and looks ravishing. She tenses
dialog: up ... o
text: FRANK enters the restaurant and waves taner. He mutters
text: zcuething quietly as he approaches. yer stands.
dialog: Hi... s 4
dialog: Locy
dialog: Is Ray with you?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _ FRANK
dialog: Yeah ...
dialog: me -
text: PAN OFF FRANK ... onto RAY ~ His hair is plastered down,
text: and he’s wiped off most of the excess ectoplasm. Pity no
text: one can see the effort he‘s gone to. .
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Tell her she looks great!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He says you look great.
text: FRANE sits down opposite LUCY and pulls a chair out for
text: RAY. LUCY gestures at it.
speaker_heading: , FRANK
dialog: Ifve never done a seance in a
dialog: Place like this before.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Shut up, Bannister! This is our
dialog: anniversary. We come here every
dialog: year.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Is Ray beside re?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
text: RAY puts his hand onto hers, but cannot make solid
text: contact. He looks lovingly at her.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: This is why I didn’t take the
dialog: corridor, Bannister ...
text: FRANK'S attention is caught by a GROUP OF PEOPLE entering
text: the restaurant ... amongst them is MAGDA RAVANSKI and the
text: young journalist, STEVE BAYLISS. She gives FRANK and LUCY
text: an icy look as she sails past their table.
speaker_heading: WAITER (0.8) ato
dialog: How are you this evening? Woule
dialog: you care for some wine? &
text: The WAITER stands next to FRANK, Gdns.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Lucy ... Red or white?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Red! We always have claret.
text: LUCY smiles at FRANK.
dialog: mei. Lucy
dialog: I’d like a Chablis ... I’ve never
dialog: been fond of red ...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Lucy!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Tell we ... why is it that you can
dialog: gee Ray, and I can’t?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I was in an accident ... ten years
dialog: ‘ago. Sometimes when you go through
dialog: a trauma, it alters your ...
dialog: perception. It allows you access
dialog: to the part of your sind that
dialog: connects with the spiritual world.
dialog: 3s,
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: She doesn’t wanna hear your life
dialog: story, Bannister!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: That’s very interesting ... TI
dialog: can’t imagine you‘’d get a lot of
text: business in a town like Fairwater.
text: FRANK shrugs.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Youfve gotta get out there and
dialog: find it ...
speaker_heading: coT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM ~ NIGHT
text: Fairwater Museum ... A grey stone edifice positioned on a
text: small hill behind the highstreet. The GLITTERATI of
text: Fairwater are streaming up the grand entrance steps,
text: attending a black tie openin: ot the Egyptian
dialog: Exhibition, Qe
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM GALLERIES - NIGHK a
text: The GROUP OF FIFTY GUESTS are listening to JANET KING ~
text: an attractive young Egyptologist ~- who is guiding them
text: thru the spectacular Egyptian display, housed in a series
dialog: of galleries,
text: Stone Sarcophogi, funeral statues, chariots, Gold
text: embossed coffins and burial masks, rows of
text: hieroglyphics ... even a full-size mock-up of a burial
text: chamber - all are lavishly displayed in tall shadowy
dialog: galleries.
text: JANET pauses by a bandaged mummy, and addresses the
dialog: audience ...
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: The most elaborate method of
dialog: Bummification was inevitably the
dialog: Most expensive. The liquefied
text: brain was drawn out through the
text: nose, with a hooked iron. An
text: incision was made in the side of
text: the abdomen and viscera were
dialog: removed, except for the heart,
dialog: which was believed to be the seat
dialog: of the emotions and intellect ...
text: The CURATOR is following at the rear of the slowly moving
text: crowd, He pauses ... looks down, and discovers he has
text: just stood on a curious little pile of business cards ~
text: Frank Bannister’s name is clearly visible!
dialog: 36.
dialog: . 37.
text: He quickly collects them together and walks briskly to
text: the nearest litter bin ... he is just about to throw then
text: in, when he suddenly hesitates ...
text: A dry, shriveled unwrapped mummy is on display in a glass
text: case next to the litter bin ... The CURATOR stares in
text: horror as the mummy’s head slowly turns towards him!
text: A bead of sweat rolls down the CURATOR’S forehead ... the
text: pummy’s thin, desiccated lips tighten into a ghoulish
dialog: grin!
text: The CURATOR looks fearfully at Frank’s card again, stuffs
text: one in his pocket and quickly discards the others before
text: hurrying off to rejoin the CROWD, who have now moved a
text: considerable distance ahead.
text: ANGLE ON: STUART, now visible behind the mummy - his
text: fingers pulling the mumsy‘s lips back.
speaker_heading: _ STUART
dialog: Subtle, but affective!
text: CYRUS looks at the mummy with sassy bo
dialog: Never thought crys ay Ges on
dialog: someone more dacayed than the
dialog: Judge!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Show some respect for your elders,
dialog: boy!
text: STUART, CYRUS and THE JUDGE move further up the gallery,
dialog: following the crowd ...
speaker_heading: aR.
dialog: Cur To:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT = NIGHT
text: RAY if bored and sullen. He sits watching LUCY and FRANK
dialog: enjoying their meal ...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Mr Bannister ... I have an
dialog: important question for Ray.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Go ahead ... he can hear you.
text: LUCY pauses.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Ray ... I need to know where you
dialog: invested my money ... the sixteen
dialog: thousand Id saved ae. the
dialog: attorneys can’t find it..
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Oh shit! ... I blew it on a bad
dialog: investment ... but, hang on! Don‘t
dialog: tell her that! 1711 think of
dialog: something ...
text: FRANK looks uncomfortable.
dialog: Lucy looks
dialog: Lucy looks
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He says it’s gone ... He blew it
text: with a bad investment.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Asshole!!!
text: shocked.
speaker_heading: RAY .
dialog: Tell her everything’s gonna be ok.
dialog: Ifll look after her ... I’m moving
dialog: back into the house!
dialog: I don‘t think that’s & g80d idea.
dialog: a \k:
dialog: up. < ~
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Bannister! This has nothing to do
dialog: with you!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What is Ray saying?
text: FRANK hesitates for a moment ...
speaker_heading: - FRANK
dialog: Nothing. He just left ... Said he
dialog: was sorry, and he wants to leave
dialog: yor alone to get on with your
dialog: fe.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I swear to God, I/11 kill youl!!!
dialog: f Lucy
dialog: That’s just like Ray ... take the
dialog: money and run...
text: Lucy becones tearful.
dialog: SS.
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT'D)
dialog: Ray and I haven‘t been honest
text: with each other in a long
dialog: time. It wasn’t a good marriage,
dialog: Mr Bannister. I realise that now.
text: RAY leans on the table, yelling into LUCY’S ear ...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Bitch!!! .
text: Tears roll down LUCY’S cheeks ... FRANK touches her hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You'll be okay.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Den’t touch her! 1!
text: RAY swings wildly at FRANK’S wine glass, sweeping it off
text: the table, into FRANK'S lap!
text: LUCY looks up as FRANK grabs a napkin ano rubs his
dialog: trousers. \G 7
dialog: I‘m sorry ..-. FRANK ee
text: FRANK swings his balled fist, connecting with RAY’S face.
text: RAY staggers back, clutching his nose.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Bastard!
text: RAY beats a retreat towards the door.
dialog: me
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I can move shit, Bannister! You
dialog: better watch your back!
text: RAY storms out of the restaurant ... FRANK stands up,
text: sniles at LUCY.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Excuse me .-. I‘ll just clean
dialog: up ...
text: FRANK heads tewards the Men‘s Room.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT MEN‘S ROOM - NIGHT
text: FRANK steps up to the wash basin, rips paper towels out
text: of the canister and rubs his trousers.
dialog: 3.
text: The door opens and a snappily dressed guy in his forties
text: hurries over to the urinal ... BARRY grins at FRANK as he
text: unzips.
speaker_heading: , ” BARRY
dialog: Good band, huh?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sure ...
text: FRANK glances at BARRY. He frowns ... the number 38 is
text: tattooed on BARRY’S forehead ... Ugly raised welts.
text: BARRY notices FRANK staring and he quickly looks away ...
text: FRANK sneaks another curious look at BARRY through the
text: wash basin mirror ... BARRY zips up ...
text: "AT THAT MOMENT ...
text: A CUBICLE DOOR silently swings open and a TALL DARK
text: HOODED FIGURE glides out. We cannot see it’s face ... It
text: is sinister, predatorial ... and deri nitely NOT HUMAN ...
text: Moving in a pool of bluey black Wghf,"this is ...
dialog: THE REAPER!!! ce
text: FRANK is frozen ... as he observes the scene through the
text: wash basin mirror.
text: BARRY turns away from the urinal ... he is face to face
text: with THE REAPER, but clearly doesn’t see it. He pauses,
dialog: waiting to use the wash basin ...
text: THE REAPER slowly raises it‘s hand and slides it into
text: BARRY‘S chest ... He stiffens and cries out!
speaker_heading: THE REAPER
dialog: mo (silky menace)
dialog: Don’t fear the Reaper.
text: FRANK turns, but is too frightened to act as he watches
text: BARRY clutch his chest and sink to the floor, gasping.
text: THE REAPER still has his hand buried in BARRY’S chest ...
text: he twists and squeezes ... BARRY convulses and dies...
text: FRANK breaks out into a sweat. THE REAPER rises and turns
text: to FRANK ... He averts his eyes, clearly not wanting THE
text: REAPER to realise he is visible to FRANK.
text: The Men’s Room is suddenly filled with a blinding white
text: light ... BARRY’S transparent Emanation rises out of his
text: body ... he looks up into an ENDLESS WHITE CORRIDOR of
text: SWIRLING WHITE LIGHT.
scene_heading: BARRY’S SPIRIT
dialog: (ave-struck)
dialog: Non!
dialog: 4d.
dialog: 4,
text: BARRY walks inte the CORRIDOR and the light snaps off.
text: FRANK suddenly heads towards the door ... he brushes
text: right by THE REAPER.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: FRANK hurries across the restaurant to LUCY’S table.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Wa gotta leave!
text: Lucy looks surprised.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Sure ... Ill just go to the
dialog: bathroom ...
text: FRANK grabs her wrist ... he sits down.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No! oe
dialog: (surpgigen)
text: FRANK looks up ashen faced as THE REAPER cozes out of the
text: wall into the restaurant.
dialog: Prank???
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (urgent whisper)
dialog: “Don’t move ... talk to me!
text: LUCY is rattled by FRANK‘S strange behaviour.
dialog: mt .
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What’s going on?
text: FRANK doesn’t respond. He is looking out of the corner of
text: his eye at THE REAPER ... as it cruises the tables ~ like
text: a White Pointer searching for it’s next victim ... nobody
text: is aware of it’s presence. It sweeps in towards FRANK
dialog: and Lucy’s table ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (strained)
dialog: I think it’s a good time of year
dialog: to put your house on the
dialog: ‘market ...
text: Lucy is totally confused ... THE REAPER pauses behind her
text: chair ... leans down beside bsr face ... Yellowing eyes
text: are barely visible beneath it’s cowl.
speaker_heading: Hd.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: «+. Prices will drop before
dialog: Christmas.
text: THE REAPER swings towards FRANK. FRANK gives it no
text: indication that he can see it. He keeps his eyes fixed on
text: Lucy, but is unable to summon up any conversation.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You're sweating.
text: THE REAPER is inches away from FRANK’S face.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (controlled)
dialog: It's too damn hot in here.
speaker_heading: MAGDA (0.S)
dialog: Mrs Lynskey!
text: THE REAPER pulls away from FRANK and wheels around as
text: MAGDA RAVANSKI drunkenly approaches the table.
speaker_heading: MAGDA (CONT’D)
dialog: (drunk)
dialog: Have you had lot’s of seaningful
dialog: messages fron your ~* ly
dialog: departed? Ms
dialog: \e ~
text: THE REAPER glides up to HAGDAS &
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: (drunk)
dialog: Watch your wallet, darling ...
dialog: al - Ifve heard that Mr Bannister is
dialog: quick with his fingers ...
text: THE REAPER suddenly slides down into the floor, and
text: vanishes ...
text: «-- FRANK suddenly leaps to his feet and rushes out of
text: the restaurant. LUCY watches him go ... alarm on her
dialog: face.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: FRANK rushes out onto the sidewalk ... looks up and down
dialog: the street. .
text: The SIDEWALK ahead of FRANK suddenly ripples up and THE
text: REAPER emerges ... FRANK takes cover behind a parked
dialog: car.
text: with incredible grace THE REAPER starts to run down the
text: Street ... it’s feet don’t appear to be connecting with
text: the ground ... FRANK gives chase.
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRWATER STREETS - NIGHT
text: THE REAPER races along with increasing speed, black cape
dialog: flowing out behind it ~ this creature is so graceful, it
text: could almost be flying.
text: FRANK is sprinting as fast as he can, and is losing
dialog: ground. ...
text: THE REAPER races towards a building ... and vanishes
text: straight through the wall.
text: FRANK pulls up, panting hard. The streets are
text: deserted ... He leans against a brick wall to catch his
dialog: breath ...
text: -«. The bricks behind him suddenly ripple out ... THE
text: REAPER slides out of the wall right next to FRANK. He
text: freezes, terrified. It pauses momentarily, then in a
text: frightening burst of speed, it shoots across the street
text: and vanishes around the corner. b
dialog: zs
speaker_heading: cuT To:
text: FRANK runs after it.
dialog: a
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM EGYPTIAN GALLERIES - NIGHT
text: JANET gestures to an ornate sealed coffin, bearing the
text: features of a beautiful Egyptian Queen. It stands on a
text: plinth in the middle of the gallery.
speaker_heading: me JANET (CONT’D)
dialog: This is Queen Merytaten from the
dialog: eighteenth dynasty - about
dialog: fourteen hundred B.C. We have
text: actually X-Rayed her ...
text: JANET flicks a switch and a row of flures flicker on
text: behind a glass screen, back iighting a full size
text: X-Ray of Queen Merytatan. Her shriveled features are
text: even more grotesque in X-Ray for.
speaker_heading: JANET (CONT’D)
dialog: The dark area here is in fact
dialog: the Quean’s viscera, carefully
text: fackaged and returned te the body
text: cavities.
text: THE JUDGE looks at the X-Ray with dewy syes.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mighty fine woman ... good teeth!
dialog: 43.
text: THE JUDGE suddenly staggers towards the coffin.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: : (alarmed)
dialog: Judge???
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You boys hurry along ... I wanna
dialog: take the acquaintance of this fine
dialog: young lady!
text: The JUDGE disappears into the coffin with such
dialog: enthusiasm, that it wobbles violently!!
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: (mortified)
dialog: Oh God!
text: STUART rushes towards the coffin, which is now rocking on
dialog: it’s base ...
text: JANET looks at the mummy with ala Po the CROWD
text: turn ... the CURATOR whimpers ... They ffin CRASHES to
dialog: the floor!!! \o
text: Everybody rushes over to it &h
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Oh, no ... don’t touch it ...
dialog: don’t touch it!
text: CYRUS slides through the CROWD ... the JUDGE’S butt is
text: visible, bobbing through the lid. CYRUS reaches into the
text: coffin and drags THE JUDGE out by his ankles!
scene_heading: THE JUDGE.
dialog: mee I haven‘t felt that way about a
dialog: woman for nigh on one hundred and
dialog: fifteen years!
text: AT THAT MOMENT ...
text: CYRUS looks up, his face becomes a mask of horror ...
text: A tall, black hooded creature comes racing at unnatural
text: speed down the cavernous gallery ... it’s black cape
text: billowing out behind, inky blue light streaking away from
dialog: it’s body ...
dialog: THE REAPER! 1!
text: CYRUS, STUART and the JUDGE stare, awestruck, as THE
text: REAPER flows straight into the CROWD, passing through
text: people who are completely unaware of it’s existence.
dialog: 
text: JANET looks up from the mummy, saying something to the
text: CURATOR ... CYRUS gaspe at the numbar 39, etched onto her
text: forehead ... THE REAPER slides dow towards her, a
text: skeletal hand out-stretched towards her chest ...
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Den‘t mess with her, man!
text: CYRUS charges forward, tackling THE REAPER, knocking hin
text: off balance! They slide along the polished museup
text: floor ... With incredible grace, THE REAPER rises,
text: towering above CYRUS like a dark angel. In one fluid
text: movement, THE REAPER produces a long wooden’ staff
text: from beneath his cloak ... he thumps the basa on the
text: floor, and a huge jagged blade swings out of the staff
text: and locks inte place with a metallic click. The blade
text: shimmers with an ethereal glow ... THE REAPER has his
speaker_heading: SCYTHE!
text: CYRUS leaps to his feet, ready to make another lunge at
text: THE REAPER, but he has no chance ... THE REAPER performs
text: a double-handed sweep with the scythe, slicing CYRUS
dialog: across the chest! «Xt
dialog: he
text: CYRUS drops to his knees, ectoplagy Spilling out of his
dialog: chest. € Q
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: He cut me! I don’t believe it ...
text: STUART and THE JUDGE watch fearfully from their hiding
text: Place, within a large statue.
text: CLOSE ON: JANET stands, smiling at the concerned crowd.
speaker_heading: aT : JANET
dialog: There appears te be no serious
dialog: damage! Shall we move on?
text: She suddenly winces ... TILT DOWN: to reveal THE REAPER’S
text: ara buried in her chest ... The hooded cowl nuzzles her
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: THE REAPER
dialog: (silky menace)
dialog: Don't fear The Reaper.
text: with a violent thrust, he buries his hand deeper into her
dialog: chest.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS/MUSEUN - NIGHT
text: FRANK runs down quiet streets, looking all around.
dialog: 45.
dialog: 
text: He pauses to catch his breath.
text: Distant YELLING and CRIES FOR HELP ...
text: The NIGHTSKY above FRANK, RUMBLES and CRACKLES ~- like an
text: approaching storm ... A TEAR rips the dark sky ... behind
text: it is the most brilliant WHITE LIGHT ... a SHAFT of LIGHT
text: beams down into the ...
dialog: «+e MUSEUM!
text: FRANK races across the road, and runs up the steps
text: towards the entrance.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: JANET lies limp on the floor ... A MAN furiously pounds
text: her chest in an attempt to resuscitate her. A crowd of
text: nervous onlookers surround her.
text: FRANK races into the gallery, and reacts to the
text: brilliant glow of the corridor of light - invisible to
dialog: the rest of the crowd. 9
text: JANET’S SOUL rises out of her body Dons in confusion
text: at the white light ... FRANK Gushes through the
text: on-lookers, reaches out ... Siting the shoulder of
text: JANET’S SOUL ... She turns to , tears in her eyes.
text: CLOSE ON: JANET’S forehead ... the number 39 is fading
dialog: away ...
text: Her SOUL turns away from FRANK, rapidly moving up into
text: the corridor of light ... and then it’s over. The light
text: snaps off.
text: who was attempting resuscitation, hangs his
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: She‘’s gone ...
speaker_heading: < CURATOR {0.S)
dialog: Mr Bannister!
text: The CURATOR takes FRANK by the forearm and steers hiz
text: away from the crowd ...
speaker_heading: CURATOR (CONT’D)
dialog: r (hushed)
dialog: I... I... think we've broken
dialog: some sort of taboo!
text: STUART suddenly rises up behind the CURATOR’S shoulder.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Frank!
text: The CURATOR, unaware of STUART‘S presence, continues
text: unabsted, but now FRANK‘S attention. is on STUART.
speaker_heading: CURATOR (CORT‘D)
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Please! You've got to help us!
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: It's bad, Frank! Cyrus has been
dialog: cut.
text: FRANK looks across at CYRUS lying slumped against a glass
text: cabinet. Ectoplasm ig staining his white disco suit.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: shit}
text: The CURATOR reacts to FRANK‘’S sudden outburst ... He
text: hurries off to greet a group of arriving PARAMEDICS ...
speaker_heading: CURATOR os
dialog: Excuse me, one moment <1
text: FRANK rushes over to CYRUS. S
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: ” (worried)
dialog: Cyrus???
text: CYRUS is e¢lutching his chest ... he lifts his ara,
text: revealing a nasty gash,
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: nt Some badass brother messed me up
dialog: ae real bad, Frank.
text: FRANK, looks around warily, not wanting to draw attention
text: to himself. He gestures to the entrance of the mock up
dialog: Egyptian tomb.
speaker_heading: 2 FRANK
speaker_heading: (to STUART)
dialog: In there ...
text: STUART drags CYRUS into the tomb.
text: FRANK hesitates m moment, snaking sure he’s not being
text: watched ..¢ he quickly ducks into the tomb.
scene_heading: INT. EGYPTIAN TOMB - NIGHT
text: FRANK tears CYRUS’S disco jacket into strips and starts
text: binding his chest ... STUART is pacing up and down in a
dialog: state of near hysteria ...
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: It’s not an Eranation! It’s some
dialog: sort of Spirit ... a Dark Spirit.
speaker_heading: FRANK
speaker_heading: (to CYRUS)
dialog: Did you see it’s face?
text: CYRUS shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: It’s a psycho, Frank! A bloody
dialog: psycho! It could kill us all!
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Who is it Frank?
dialog: »
speaker_heading: SUDGE (0.S) gh
dialog: It’s The Reaper, son.
text: THE JUDGE stands in the doorway, Gada laden expression
text: on his face ... FRANK stares at THE JUDGE.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: But ... But he’s @ = sythical
text: figure, a pseudo religious icon
dialog: from the twelfth century.
speaker_heading: _ JUDGE
dialog: Save ya pea brain prattle for the
dialog: at . Classroom, boy. That was the Soul
dialog: Collector ... he’s bin taking
dialog: people out since time began. He‘s
dialog: goin’ about his dark business here
dialog: in FPairwater, and there ain’t
dialog: Nothin no one can do to stop him
dialog: es. when your number’s up that’s
dialog: 2 itl
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: MAGDA is talking quietly to a DEPUTY, who scribbles notes
text: in his notebook. STEVE stands awkwardly beside her. The
text: restaurant has bean largely cleared of patrons, except
dialog: for the few that POLICE wish to interview.
text: BARRY’S BODY is being carried out of the bathroom on 4
text: stretcher in the BG ...
dialog: 44.
text: «+. PULL BACK to SHERIPF PERRY and a DEPUTY overseeing
text: the scene of the death.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY 1
dialog: Déc ‘says it leoks like
dialog: another heart attack, but he
dialog: sin’t confirming nothing till
dialog: after the aut 2posy.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Damnlit
text: DEPUTY 2 steps up ...
speaker_heading: DEPUTY 2
dialog: The waiter says that some guy cane
dialog: outta the john about five minutes
dialog: before the body was found ...
text: SHERIFF PERRY raises his eyebrows ...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY'S
dialog: DE ye
dialog: ++. Frank Bannister. He was as
text: white as a sheet and shaking ..-
dialog: Waiter thought he’d been sick ...
dialog: He didn’t hang around.
dialog: Who was that?
scene_heading: DEPUTY 2 .
text: Bannister was having dinner with
dialog: Ray Lynskey’s widow ewe we're
dialog: holding her for questioning ...
text: DEPUTY 1 gestures towards Lucy ... she is sitting,
text: nervous and confused, at a corner table.
text: DEPUTY 1 suddenly arrives in a flurry ...
speaker_heading: DEPUTY 3
dialog: There‘s been another death! At the
dialog: museum ... | young woman. She’s
text: - been taken to the city morgue.
dialog: There were a lotta witnesses ..-
dialog: dineluding Frank Bannister.
text: SHERIFF PERRY looks grin.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: Bring him in,
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: PRANK is hurrying down the street towards the restaurant.
text: Police cars and an ambulance are parked outaide.
speaker_heading: MAGDA (0.8)
dialog: (drunk)
dialog: Bannister!
text: MAGDA and STEVE are heading towards her car.
speaker_heading: MAGDA (CONT’D)
dialog: The police are ooking for you!
text: FRANK spins around. MAGDA leers drunkenly at him.... the
text: Number 40 glowing brightly on her forehead!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (softly)
dialog: oh Jesus!
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: Yes, I’d be worried too.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (realization)
dialog: You’re next.
speaker_heading: MAGDA &
dialog: Are you threatening me? &
dialog: elling)
dialog: peputy! 11" mr Q
text: FRANK turns in confusion as TWO DEPUTIES emerge from the
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: WAGDA (CONT’D)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: It’s Bannister! He’s here!
text: FRANK is alarmed to see the DEPUTIES drawing their
text: guns ... He raises his hands.
dialog: me! .
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: On the ground, Bannister! Now!
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY!
text: A CHAIN, lying on the ground across the parking lot
text: entrance suddenly rises into the air, tripping both
text: DEPUTIES up ... CYRUS and STUART are pulling on each end!
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Gat outta here, man! Go on, split!
text: FRANK hesitates for a moment, then races towards the back
dialog: of the parkifig lot ...
text: The DEPUTIES attempt to aim their guns, but CYRUS and
text: STUART whip the chain, knocking the guns away.
text: FRANK‘’S CAR roars into life ... The DEPUTIES roll aside,
text: leaping to their feet as FRANK’S CAR skids out onto the
dialog: street.
text: FRANK'S headlights catch the ghostly figure of THE JUDGE,
text: staggering down the road towards the car.
speaker_heading: ‘TUDGE .
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Frank!
text: FRANK slams on the brakes and slews towards the JUDGE. He
text: braces himself for the impact ... The front of his car
text: passes through THE JUDGE, but ... THUD! He is collected
text: by the passenger seat and ends up kneeling backwards,
text: ArmS wrapped around the back of the seat, hanging on for
dialog: dear life.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Paster Frank! There’s a posse
dialog: coming up our ass!
text: The COP CARS rev up ... CYRUS bounds acrazyto the front
text: of the first car ... He thrusts BisVnesa into the
dialog: hood ... °
text: BELOW HOOD: CYRUS'S head and Sncutaers appear in the
text: narrow cavity between the engine and the underside of the
text: hood. He quickly reaches out and yanks the wires off the
text: spark plugs.
text: The COPS react with surprise as their engine dies ...
text: STUART is attempts to do the same on the other Cop
dialog: Car ...
text: BELOW Hoop: STUART is leoking about in total
dialog: eqnfusion ...
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: What do I do???
text: STUART’S arm ig suddenly caught by the blades of the
text: cooling fan end he is sucked into the radiator! The
text: radiator cap pops off and STUART'S distorted head
text: squeezes out through the tiny hole ... pressurized steam
text: blasts out around his neck. He’s shrieking louder than
dialog: the stean!
text: COPS react to billowing steam from engine.
dialog: t
dialog: cop
dialog: Shitiil
text: STUART suddenly disappears back into the engine ... LOUD
text: CLANGING ... BANGING ...
dialog: st.
text: KER-THWAT!!! STUART is shot out of the exhaust pipe like
text: a bullet! He tumbles along the road, before dizzily
dialog: sitting up ...
text: cop - DRIVER hops out and slams his fist against the
dialog: steaming hood. .
speaker_heading: OP
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Goddamn it!
text: FRANK speeds away into the night.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Whe SHERIPF’S OFFICE is largely open plan, with glass
text: partitioning. At one-thirty in the morning the few
text: DEPUTIES that are on duty are looking tired.
text: Lucy is sitting on a chair, clutching a cup of coffee ...
text: SHERIFF PERRY sits opposite, DEPUTY 2 is taking notes.
dialog: Lucy a
dialog: Prank Bannister is no aud. I
dialog: am convinced he made hi ict with
dialog: Ray.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: You say your dead husband was
dialog: having dinner with you at the
dialog: restaurant ...
text: LUCY nods.
speaker_heading: ‘SHERIFF PERRY (CONT’D)
dialog: a : . What did he order?
text: PERRY makes eye contact with DEPUTY 2. They suppress a
dialog: smirk ... LUCY doesn’t angewer.
text: AT THAT MOMENT: AGENT MILTON DAMMERS walks in.
text: PERRY glances over and through the glass partition he
text: Sees DAMMERS casting a wary eye around the office.
text: DAMMERS, late-forties is short and wiry ... he has no
text: neck, and has a habit of trying to crane his head up, and
text: failing. His eyes are dark and piercing ... he has no
text: smile, just a teeth baring grimace. From the outset,
dialog: it’s clear tat DAMMERS is a social retard.
text: He shuffles into the middle of the office, and stands
text: uncomfortably, clutching his hands and staring at the
dialog: floor.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PEARY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Oh God ...
dialog: (to Lucy)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: SHERIFF PERRY leaves the office with DEPUTY 2 and hurries
text: over to DAMHERS ...
text: LUCY can only hear a HUKBLE of voices, but she watches as
text: SHERIFF PERRY greets DAMMERS, offering his hand ...
text: DAMMERS awkwardly shakes with his left hand.
text: DAMMERS doesn’t raise his eyes above SHERIFF PERRY’S belt
text: buckle as he mutters a few words ... SHERIFF
text: PERRY gestures at LUCY ... She starts to feel
text: self-conscious ..- SRERIFF PERRY leads DAMMERS back into
dialog: the office:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: Lucy ... Thia is special agent
text: Milton Dammers from the FBI.
text: LUCY nods ... DAMMERS fails to make eye@=contact - he
text: directs his comments to a trash can. ty r
dialog: *
speaker_heading: DAMMERS \)
dialog: I came by car. I di & take the
dialog: flight ... I felt about the
dialog: plane.
text: Lucy looks at PERRY unsure of how to respond. DAMMERS
text: eyes flick to the filing cabinet.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS .
dialog: At what time, precisely, did
dialog: Bannister leave for the bathroom?
dialog: aan Lucy
dialog: I‘e ... not sure ... precisely.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: Did he uge excessive quantities of
dialog: table salt during his neal?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: (raigeda voice)
dialog: Answer the question!
dialog: Locy
dialog: (yelling) :
dialog: It's one-thirty in the morning! I
dialog: can’t remember that!!
dialog: 
text: DAHMERS blanches ... ha backs out of the rook. SHERIFF
text: PERRY looks alarmed and follows hig.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE KITCHEN ~ NIGHT
text: DAMMERS is leaning over the sink, splashing water on his
text: face. SHERIFF PERRY approe7hes ...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Milton?
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Sorry Sheriff ... I have a problen
text: with women yelling ...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: Can I get you anything?
text: SHERIFP PERRY puts a hand on DAMMERS’ shoulder ...
text: DAMMERS backs away in a fluster.
speaker_heading: DAMMNERS 6
dialog: Sheriff Perry! ... ry ok
dialog: violating my territorin} le.
dialog: v
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF‘S OPFICE - NIGHT
text: SHERIFF PERRY returne to the office.
scene_heading: - SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You’re still grieving. It’s very
dialog: easy for someone like Prank
text: not . Bannister to take advantage.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You have such closed ninds.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (0.8)
dialog: I object!
text: MILTON “DAMMERS hovers uncomfortably in the doorway -..
text: his eyes blaze.
text: SHERIFF PERRY rapidly intervenes ...
speaker_heading: SHERIPP PERRY
dialog: Special Agent Dammers has fifteen
dialog: yeare axperiencea in the fiald of
dialog: paranormal psychology -.- such of
dialog: it spent undarcover with various
dialog: eults and gectse ...
speaker_heading: DANMERS
dialog: I get all the fruity cases, Mre
dialog: Lynskey.
speaker_heading: 2 SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: Por Godssake sit down, Milton.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: I am more comfortable standing.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: Agent Danmers is the government’s
dialog: number one man for ... this type
dialog: of inquiry.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I still don’t see what this has to
dialog: do with Prank Ban —
text: DAMMERS fixes an icy stare onto LucY ...
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Mrs Lynskey! You know nothing b
dialog: about Frank Bannister! You clai, 4
dialog: he is a bone fide psychic, e
dialog: all I have hesrd is 7 ie ites
dialog: of andering, 4ll ‘i orned
dialog: waffle ...
dialog: 
text: LUCY stares daggers at him. iSHERIFP PERRY shifts
text: uncomfortably in his chair.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: bn the third day of July, 19894,
dialog: Frank Bannister ~ at that time a
dialog: successful architect - case out of
dialog: the Jasson’s sporting goods store
dialog: on 4rd and Garrett. He had just
text: Picked up a Ruger lever action .22
dialog: caliber rifle. It had his name
text: engraved on the barrel.
dialog: af
text: INSERT IMAGE: Rifle sliding into FRANK'S trunk...
text: saannisters Clearly engraved on the barrel, in cursive
dialog: script.
speaker_heading: . BAMMERS (CONT‘D)
dialog: Bannister would latsr claim
dialog: that the weapon was intended
dialog: for a stoat infestation at the
dialog: back of his property. His wife,
text: Debra vas in ths front seat. Frank
dialog: Bannister was agitated that
dialog: morning ...
text: INSERT IMAGE: DEBRA in car ...
text: SHERIFF PERRY looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You're mumbling, Milton .... Can‘’t
dialog: heard a damn word you’re
dialog: saying ...
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: (louder)
text: He'd just had a blazing row with
text: Jacob Platz, a builder, over
dialog: the positioning of foundations
dialog: for his new house ... 12.33 pm,
text: and their ‘82 Ford is seen heading
dialog: into the hills ...
text: “INSERT IMAGE: FRANK’S car winds up a narrow road ... HOLD
text: ON: Sign ... "HOLLOWAY ROAD"
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: . it is the last time the couple
text: are seen. Soon after, possibly
dialog: 12.36 or 12.37 the car leaves
text: the road on a tight corner ... 4
dialog: 
text: INSERT IMAGE: FRANK’S CAR crashing seh undergrowth.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS [CONT’D)
dialog: +e. presumably Bannister took the
dialog: bend too fast.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: {softly)
dialog: She was killed ...
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: Ker body was found some fifteen
text: ~ yards from the car ...
text: DAMMERS pauses ...
speaker_heading: - DAMMERS (CONT'D)
dialog: «++ Debra Bannister had sustained
dialog: - a mingle gunshot wound to the
text: back of the head ...
text: INSERT IMAGE: DEBRA’S body hitting the ground.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: Execution atyle ...
dialog: ft
text: Lucy is horrified.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: Bannister was picked up two hours
dialog: later ... he was wandering in the
dialog: forest. He claimed to have no
dialog: recollection of events ... not
dialog: even the car accident. The
dialog: presumed rurder weapon -
dialog: Bannister’s rifle - had been very
text: well hidden. To this day, it has
dialog: never been found.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: He never went to trial ... no
text: murder weapon, no witnesses. Frank
dialog: denied all knowledge ...
dialog: (softens)
dialog: He was pretty cut up about it.
dialog: Quit his job. Took to the bottle
dialog: for a time ... drank his money
dialog: away. b
text: LUCY takes a deep breath and exhales aye pd.7. Silence,
dialog: pamers ©
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: But, do you know what was really
dialog: bizarre ...?
text: DAMMERS eyes blaze.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: Debra’s corpse had the number
dialog: thirteen carved into it's
dialog: forehead ...
text: DAMMERS traces the number 13 with his finger on his
text: forehead «+. Lucy is white ... DAMMERS gaze cuts into
dialog: hey. -
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: Unlucky for sone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGDA‘’S HOUSE/BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: STEVE BAYLISS is lying on the bed, sweating. The lights
text: are cut.... MOONLIGHT casts a silvery glow across STEVE’S
text: naked torso ...
text: MAGDA RAVANSKI ... sits atop STEVE ... she slips her gown
text: off, revealing a provocative silky camisole ...
text: +++ MAGDA leans hungrily towards STEVE ...
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Did you really like my story about
dialog: the water treatment plant?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: It was brilliant wee You‘re
dialog: without a doubt the greatest
dialog: cub reporter I’ve had the Pleasure
dialog: to work with.
text: STEVE tenses as MAGDA pl:inges her face into his neck.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: I know you only = wanted nine
dialog: hundred worde but I couldn’t keep
dialog: it to length ...
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: Length is never a problem for me.
text: STEVE suddenly sits up coughing.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: Could I have a drink of wares,
dialog: please? a »
text: MAGDA frowns, pulls on her cer nd walks into the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: EXT. MAGDA’S HOUSE ~ NIGHT
text: LURKING POV ...
text: Peering into MAGDA’S kitchen window as she appears ...
text: shrinking back into the shadows as she glances out.
scene_heading: INT. MAGDA’S KITCHEN ~ NIGHT
text: MAGDA drops ice into a glass on water ... followed by a
text: healthy splash of Vodka.
text: A CREAKING GROAN ... The kitchen wall milges ever so
text: slightly ... China rattles on shelves.
text: She sping around ... grab ice pick ... nothing’s there.
scene_heading: INT. MAGDA’S LOUNGE ~ NIGHT
text: MAGDA appears in the doorway, clutching the ice pick ...
text: The LOUNGE is in darkness ... She steps warily into the
text: middle of the room.
text: FAST MOVING POV: towards MAGDA, brushing past her, then
text: again and again ... she reacts by spinning around, seeing
text: nothing, but getting spooked.
text: MAGDA moans softly ... she backs away ... down the
dialog: hall ...
dialog: sf.
scene_heading: INT. MAGDA’S HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: .--towards her front door. She breaks into a run...
text: MOVING POV ... racing down the hallway towards her ...
text: MAGDA reaches the doot ... desperately fumbling the
dialog: key ...
text: MOVING POV ... almost upon her!
text: She flings the door open and SCREAMS!!!
text: FRANK is standing in the doorway! He forces his hand over
text: her mouth, snatching the ice pick with the other hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Shut up! I’m not going to hurt
dialog: you. I just want you to listen ...
dialog: Will you listen to me?
text: MAGDA, wide eyed, nods ... FRANK releases nie hand. MAGDA
text: immediately backs down the hallway VG U7
speaker_heading: MAGDA ‘ Q
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Steve! Steve!
text: STEVE BAYLISS hurries out of the bedroom, frantically
text: dragging clothes on ... He gives FRANK a terrified look.
speaker_heading: “FRANK
speaker_heading: (to STEVE)
dialog: Get out!
text: STEVE turns and flees out of the house.
dialog: we -
scene_heading: INT. MAGDA’S LOUNGE ~- NIGHT
text: MAGDA backs into the lounge.
speaker_heading: - MAGDA
dialog: = You sick bastard! I’m calling the
dialog: Police!
text: She moves towards the phone.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The cops can’t save you, Magda.
dialog: ia
text: MAGDA picks up the phone, just as ...
text: THE REAPER oozes out of the wall behind her! He slides
text: his hand into MAGDA’S chest. She gasps in pain ...
speaker_heading: THE REAPER
dialog: (silky menace)
dialog: Don't fear the Reaper!
text: FRANK throws himself forward, grabbing MAGDA’S
text: shoulders, hauling her away from the REAPER’S reach!
text: THE REAPER spins around inhumanly fast, snarling at
speaker_heading: FRANK.
text: FRANK swings a punch at THE REAPER... but his arm passes
text: through! Again and again, he tries and fails to make
text: contact... With an almost casual sweep of it's hand, THE
text: REAPER smashes FRANK against the wall ... FRANK lunges at
text: THE REAPER again ...
text: THE REAPER moves implacably forward, passing through
text: ~FRANK, who winces in pain at the sensation ... THE
text: REAPER reaches down towards MAGDA, lying on the floor.
text: FRANK desperately grabs MAGDA’S ankles ... he attempts to
text: haul her away, but she grabs a heavy lamp and smashes it
text: against FRANK'S head! He falls to the oye
text: THE REAPER‘S fingers slide “ eo S chest ... she
text: gasps with pain ...
speaker_heading: JUDGE ‘* s)
dialog: Hey son!
text: THE JUDGE staggers into the room ... he sweeps his long
text: coat back, pulling out his pair of rusty Colts. FRANK can
text: only watch as THE REAPER spins eround to face THE JUDGE.
speaker_heading: " JUDGE (CONT’D)
dialog: Get ya filthy fingers outta the
dialog: lady’s blouse!
text: BARG! BANG! BANG! THE JUDGE pumps bullets into THE
dialog: REAPER!!!
text: THE REAPER hisses, staggers back, reacting to the ghost
text: bullets pumping into it’s body ... BANG! BANG! BANG!
text: It falls back through the lounge wall and disappears.
text: FRANK looks amazed at the JUDGE who holds his smoking
text: six-guns aloft.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Forty-five caliber colt
dialog: Pawacenakers, eighteen seventy
dialog: four ... Who needs a Magnum?
text: MAGDA SCREAMS! She rushes at FRANK, swinging the ice pick
text: towards his head! FRANK ducks the blow, the pick
text: eanbedding into the wall ... FRANK punches MAGDA hard ...
text: whe slunps into his arsas, stunned.
dialog: Gd.
text: FRAMK Ho1gt% HAGBA onto his shoulder.
scene_heading: EXT. MAGDA’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: FRANK runs out of MAGDA‘S house, stumbling under her
text: weight, followed by THE JUDGE.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR/STREET - NIGUT
text: FRANK pushes MAGDA onto the front seat of his car. THE
text: JUDGE sits behind her ... he wraps his arms around her,
text: as she starts to regain consciousness.
text: FRANK leaps in and guns the engine. FRANK’S car screeches
text: onto the road ... Ahead, under a ghostly streetlight, is
text: the dark figure of THE REAPER!
text: FRANK grimly steers his car towards THE REAPER.
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: (scared)
dialog: I... I... I’ve got money ...
dialog: Den’t hurt me! Please! I‘a
dialog: SOrry ...
text: THE REAPER stands silently as FRANK’S car approaches. He
text: his holding his wooden staff ... taps it ‘firmly on the
text: ground ... CLICK! The huge steel blade.swings out up and
dialog: locks into place. a
text: It’s too late for FRANK to react €* he sees THE REAPER
text: raise the scythe at the car ... FRANK hangs onto the
text: wheel with one hand, grabbing MAGDA’S head with the
dialog: other. .
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Down!!!
dialog: em
text: FRANK ducks, pushing MAGDA’S head down at the same time.
text: The ghostly SCYTHE cuts through the car, narrowly
text: sweeping over FRANK and MAGDA’S heads ... however it
text: chops the JUDGE neatly in half, just below his armpits!
text: the top half of the JUDGE’S body tumbles into the back of
dialog: e car.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Goddarnit!
text: Now THE REAPER is running behind the car. He leaps onto
dialog: the roof oo,
text: +s. The SCYTHE slices into the car, without actually
text: cutting the metal. It glances past FRANK’S shoulder,
text: drawing blood. FRANK clutches his shoulder, trying to
text: steer the car with his other hand.
dialog: él,
text: MAGDA is screaming and cowering on the floor, totally
text: unaware of the deadly etruggle in which FRANK is engaged.
text: FRANK'S car speeds up the road at high speed ... THE
text: REAPER standing on the roof, a hooded faceless figure
text: gripping the scythe ... wind billowing his cape behind
dialog: Bowes
text: THE REAPER viciously twists the SCYTHE from side to side,
text: the blade passes through the car seats, and connects with
text: FRANK ... it hooks under his chin ...
text: The car speeds up ... Holloway Road.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLOWAY ROAD ~ NIGHT
text: +». THE REAPER haule on the scythe ... the blade cuts
text: into FRANK'S throat ...
text: The bodiless JUDGE is lying on the back seat ... he
text: quickly reaches forward and grabs a ghostly six gun fron
text: the hostler, still strapped to his lower bays. aes
text: BANG! BANG! The JUDGE shoots blinaly, & through the car
dialog: roof. “
text: THE REAPER howls in psin and tumbles off the roof of the
dialog: car! .
text: PRANK ... looks shead, eyes widening ...
text: INSERT: The road ahead is suddenly flooded with DAYLIGHT.
text: MAGDA Screams ... sounds dissolve thru ..-
text: DAYLIGHT INSERT: DEBRA, sitting next to FRANK ...
text: screams at something on the road ahead...
text: FRANK ... staring ahead ... tarrified.
text: DAYLIGHT INSERT: POV crash zoom ... A LOG is lying across
text: the road ahead! Car speeds towards it!
text: FRANK grabs the wheel with one hand and hauls it round,
text: sending the JUDGE spinning out of the car window!
text: FRANK‘S CAR leaves the road and crashes through
text: undergrowth, down a steep bank and into a forest ...
scene_heading: EXT, FOREST’ CLEARING - NIGHT .
text: The car glances off a couple of trees, does a 180 on the
text: pine needles and crunches to a halt against a sturdy
dialog: tree.
dialog: 62.
dialog: 
text: The forest floor ig lit with shadowy moonlight ... dark
text: shapes of trees loom out of the darkness.
text: MAGDA desperately scrambles out of the wreck. She is
text: battered and bruised ... and crawls away.
text: FRANK comes to at the whnel ... looks across at MAGDA.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Magda!
text: MAGDA looks fearfully at FRANK ... she staggers to her
text: feet and starts to run.
text: FRANK attempts to follow her, but his legs give way and
text: he collapses in a heap on the ground ... FRANK gasps!
text: DAYLIGHT INSERT: FRANK is lying in the forest in broad
dialog: daylight ...
speaker_heading: DEBRA (0.8) 4
dialog: (crying). 6 -
dialog: Prank??? Q
text: NIGHT: THE REAPER oozes out of a tree ahead of HAGDA! He
text: opens his cape as she rushes towards hin, unaware.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nol!1
text: FRANK tries to follow MAGDA, but ig struck by IMAGES
dialog: from 10 years earlier:
text: DAYLIGHT INSERT: DEBRA crawls out of the car.
speaker_heading: DEBRA
dialog: (echoed)
dialog: et Prank ...
text: NIGHT: FRANK rushes towards MAGDA ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Debra!
text: THE REAPER thrusts his hand into HAGDA‘S chest and
text: squeezes ... she stops in her tracks, & surprised look on
text: her face.
text: FRANK grabs MAGDA around the shoulders, tries to haul her
text: away from THE REAPER’S grasp ...
text: A distant ROWBLE ... A FLASH OF DAYLIGHT.
text: NIGHT: FRANK lets go of MACDA and falls te the ground.
text: DAYLIGHT INSERT: CLOSE UP ... Gun Muzzle. It fires - a
text: Slow RUMBLING explosion.
dialog: 63.
text: NIGHT: FRANK grabs his head as if in excruciating pain.
text: DAYLIGHT INSERT: THUD! Quick image of DEBRA’S body
text: hitting the ground.
text: NIGHT: FRANK cries out ...
text: THUD! MAGDA’S dead body hi*s the ground beside FRANK.
text: SILENCE ...
text: FRANK looks around in a daze ... THE REAPER is gone ...
text: MAGDA’S corpse is lying beside hin.
text: WHITE LIGHT suddenly floods onto MAGDA ... her spirit
text: rises from her body as the CORRIDOR OF LIGHT appears ...
text: _ FRANK backs away.
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: You killed me ... You killed me!!!
dialog: You bastard! .
text: MAGDA starts to drift away, ug the corridor of light ...
text: her stream of invective never tting up ... FRANK stares
text: helplessly after her ...
speaker_heading: MAGDA (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re sick ... This ig how you
dialog: get your kicks, huh? You like to
dialog: kill people? Did it feel good
dialog: Killing me ... huh? Did it feel
dialog: good killing your wife??? Everyone
dialog: knows you did it, Bannister ...
dialog: You’re a murderer!!!
text: The CORRIDOR OF LIGHT finally vanishes, silencing MAGDA
dialog: for ever.
text: FRANK is disorientated ... he starts to run, faster and
text: faster through the forest ... He lets out ai long
text: HARROWING CRY..
dialog: . CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. SHERIPP’S OFPICE - DAWN
text: Lucy signs her written statement as SHERIFF PERRY and
text: DAMMERS watch.
speaker_heading: DAMHERS
dialog: If Bannister attenpts any form of
dialog: contact, you will let us know?
text: LUCY glares at DAMMERS.
dialog: 6r.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: He won’t get far ... We’va got the
dialog: state line covered.
scene_heading: ° . DAMHERS
dialog: I sincerely doubt we will see Mr
text: Bannister in the near future. The
dialog: man is resourceful beyond anything
dialog: you can comprehend ...
text: AT THAT MOMENT ...
text: FRANK walks into the SHERIFF'S OFFICE!
text: SHERIFF PERRY sees him first ... through aio glass
text: partition. A DEPUTY spots FRANK and reaches for his
text: Pistol. SHERIFF PERRY pushes past DAMMERS and approaches
text: FRANK ... he stands calmly at the reception desk.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: (quietly) ‘2
dialog: Hello Prank ... wa’va bin ¢ ing
dialog: for you ...
dialog: we
dialog: (exhausted KS
dialog: Walt. I’ve come to report that
text: Magda Ravansxi’s body is lying
text: near wy car, off Holloway Road.
text: SHERIFF PERRY'S eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: (moftly} .
dialog: Have anything to do with her
dialog: death, Prank?
text: FRANK stares at PERRY. He looks defeated ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I... I don’t know ...
text: MILTON DAMMERS peers at FRANK intently with his piercing
text: black eyes. LUCY steps up to FRANK and takes hold of his
dialog: hand.
dialog: . Lucy
dialog: Are you okay?
text: FRANK shakes hia head.
dialog: f
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT'D)
dialog: (moftly)
dialog: What happened?
text: TWO DEPUTIES suddenly step in and cuff FRANK’S hands”
text: behind his back.
dialog: oo. Lucy
dialog: What are you doing? Are you
dialog: arresting him?
speaker_heading: NAMMERS
dialog: Go home, Mrs Lynskey.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Frank, you need a lawyer. Don’t
dialog: say anything!
text: FRANK looks at LUCY with sad resignation ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You don’t understand, Lucy. Just
dialog: leave me alone.
text: A little grin flickers on DAMMERS lips.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY &
text: CLOSE UP: JUDGE’S sleeping taceggnit by the bright
dialog: sun ...
text: «++ Suddenly, RUSTLER, the JUDGE’S GHOST DOG, licks his
text: master’s face ... The JUDGE’S eyes flutter open, just as
text: RUSTLER takes a grip of his goatee beard.
text: The JUDGE groggily pushes the dog away.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Not now, boy! ~
text: He ‘attempts to stand ... only then remembering that he’s
dialog: lost his lower half!
speaker_heading: JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Goddamnit! Somebody’s stolen ne
dialog: vitals!
text: The JUDGE gestures to RUSTLER.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (CONT’D)
dialog: Here Rustler!
text: The JUDGE pulls himself onto RUSTLER’S back, like a waird
dialog: jockey ... *
speaker_heading: JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Take mse to the cemetery, boy.
dialog: Cé.
text: He urges RUSTLER forward, and the ghost dog carries his
dialog: master aay ...
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LYNSKEY HOUSE - DAY
text: The Lynskey house .., late morning.
scene_heading: INT. LYNSKEY BATHROOM ~- DAY
text: LUCY ig showering. Steam fills the showerbox.
text: Lucy rinses soap from her eyes .-... she suddenly
text: freezes ... stares at the glass of the showerbox ...
text: ~«. the letter "L" is drawn in the condensation by an
text: invisible finger. LUCY backs away as the letters "U ...
dialog: c ...¥" follow.
dialog: Lucy oe
speaker_heading: (mMervous) NS
dialog: Ray? we
text: SUDDENLY! ... <>
text: an impression of RAY‘S FACE presses against the glass!
text: His flesh is invisible, but the shape of squashed,
text: distorted lips, nose and forehead are clearly defined
text: against the steamed up glass ... hia mouth moves as if
dialog: talking.
text: LUCY gasps and rushes out of the showerbox!
scene_heading: Tyr. LYNSKEY BEDROOM - DAY
text: Lucy strides into the bedroom and starts pulling her
text: clothes on.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: : Get outta here, Ray!
text: Suddenly the window blinds pull down ... the key turns in
dialog: the lock ...
text: The shape of RAY presses into the bed ... the pillow
text: creases ... Tha sheet indents as the invisible RAY pats
dialog: the bed firmiy with hia hand ...
text: LUcy is pulling her jeans on ... she shakes her head.
dialog: Lucy of.
dialog: I don’t want you around me ... I
dialog: don’t want you in this house. I’m
dialog: a widow, Ray .., leave me the hell
dialog: alone!
text: LUCY storms out of the bedroom, slamming the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRWATER STREETS ~- DAY
text: LUCY’S CAR speeds along a city street.
scene_heading: INT. LUCY’S CAR - DAY
text: Lucy is driving ...
text: RAY suddenly looms up behind her ... he looks more
text: decomposed than when we last saw him ... eqtoplasm runs
text: down his face ... Lucy ig unaware of his presence.
dialog: i)
speaker_heading: RAY ~
dialog: (self pitying) i
dialog: Okay, it’s wy fault. I Reves up!
dialog: But deep down, you know We have a
dialog: great relationship, Honey. It’s
dialog: just that lately ... I don’t feel
dialog: you've been giving it one hundred
dialog: percent!
text: Lucy drives on, oblivious.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. PAIRWATER MEDICAL CENTER - DAY
text: The Fairwater Medical center is a smallish white building
text: onthe outskirts of the city center.
text: LUCY pulls into the parking space Barked with a
text: "Dr L. LYNSKEY" sign.
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL CENTER - DAY
text: DR KAMINS, a widdle aged man with a kindly face, emerges
text: from a omall walk-in freezer, carrying a tray of frozen
text: test tubes. He carefully closes the door, and is
text: surprised to see LUCY wandering into the room.
speaker_heading: f DR KAMINS
dialog: Thought I told you to take a
dialog: couple of weeks off.
dialog: 
dialog: tocy 67.
dialog: I’m fine... really! I wanna catch
text: up on some paperwork.
scene_heading: INT. LUCY‘’S OFFICE = BDAY
text: Lucy is studying a report at her desk.
text: RAY is pacing the room, getting more and nore
dialog: agitated ...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I just don't understand it! Is it
dialog: the way I look? Is it this
dialog: ectoplasm stuff?
text: RAY wipes & goop of slimy ectoplasm off his face ...
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT’D)
dialog: Does it turm you off? Honey ...
dialog: Come on, honey - you're pot:
dialog: listening to me. “Lucy!
dialog: (yella) CA
dialog: Lacy! You gotta listen! %
text: RAY sweeps his arm across LUCY’S desk, sending her papers
text: flying onto the floor. She sits back, startled.
scene_heading: AT THAT MOMENT:
text: The phone rings ... LUCY composes herself and picks it
dialog: up.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Hello, Or Lynskey speaking.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (0.S)
dialog: (thru phone)
dialog: This is Patricia Bartlett...
dialog: I... I’m sorry, I'm nervous ~ I
dialog: paven’t used the phone for a long
dialog: time.
text: LUCY tenses up.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: That's fine, Patricia ... how can
dialog: I help?
speaker_heading: cuT To:
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF’S INTERVIEW ROOM < DAY
text: FRANK is sitting at the interview table, his fingers
text: pressing against his temples, as if suffering a migraine.
text: SHERIFF PERRY sits opposite ... MILTON DAMMERS stands in
text: the doorway.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: There has been a destructive force
dialog: unleashed on this town, such as I
dialog: have never seen. We have a body
dialog: count ...
text: DAMMERS waves a bunch of files.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: +. Of twenty-six.
text: SHERIFF PERRY raises his eyebrows.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D) 0
dialog: You‘re a very dangerous man, (MF
dialog: Bannister!
dialog: eo
speaker_heading: SHERIFF Y
dialog: Just a minute... ‘re not
dialog: suggesting Frank is responsible -
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: You’re way out of your depth,
dialog: Sheriff Perry ... Please leave!
text: SHERIFF PERRY is surprised.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: fe (indignant)
dialog: Prank Bannister is sy prisoner!
text: DAMMERS reaches into hig jacket and pulls out his FBI
text: badge. He holds it aloft, whilst staring at the floor.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: By the pover invested in me by the
dialog: President of the United States, I
dialog: amp telling you get the hell outta
dialog: this room!
text: SHERIFF PERRY frowns and leaves the room. DAMMERS slides
text: his badge back into his jacket and continues pacing.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT‘D)
dialog: Have you ever heard of Nina
dialog: Kulagina?
speaker_heading: TW.
text: FRANK looks up at DAMMERS warily.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: On. March ten, nineteen seventy,
dialog: Nina Kulagina used her mind power
text: to stop the beat of a frogs heart.
dialog: The record of this experiment is
text: in the forn of a cardiogran
text: currently held in the files of
dialog: Professor Genady Sergeyev in
dialog: Leningrad. As Sergeyev interpreted
dialog: the cardiogram, the heart seemed
text: to experience a sudden flare-up of
dialog: electrical activity ... the heart
text: imploded, the arteries burst ...
dialog: all because Nina Kulagina wanted
text: the animal dead.
text: FRANK slowly looks up at DAMMERS ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t kill people ... “se
speaker_heading: DAMHERS -
dialog: There’s part of you that believes
dialog: that ... but there's another
dialog: part of you, Frank, that’
dialog: of control - your destructive
dialog: impulse.
speaker_heading: PRANK
dialog: I have seen a figure in a cape ...
dialog: I have seen it reach into people’s
text: chests and squeeze their hearts! .
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: Who was it?
dialog: mf, :
text: FRANK shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Who was it???
speaker_heading: - FRANK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Death.
text: DAMMERS’ face remains impassive.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I can communicate with the other
dialog: side ... I can see spirits ... I
dialog: don’t know why ... I don’t alwnys
dialog: understand it -
dialog: ¢
speaker_heading: DAHMERS
dialog: You think you’re so unique don’t
dialog: you Mr Bannister? In my business I
dialog: deal with your type every other
dialog: week ...
text: FRANK buries his head in his hands again.
speaker_heading: . DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: ++. This Death figure is nothing
text: Bore than a homicidal alter-ego
dialog: who satisfies your compulsion to
dialog: kill. Every time you decide to
dialog: take somebody out, a fictional
text: Death figure suddenly appears and
dialog: does the job for you ... It’s your
dialog: rational minds way of absolving
dialog: yourself of guilt. How else could
dialog: you deal with killing your wife?
dialog: a
speaker_heading: FRANK, ©
dialog: (upset)
dialog: No. ~
speaker_heading: AMMERS
dialog: When did you start seeing spirits?
dialog: After Debra’s death?
text: FRANK nods.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: You blew her away, Frank ... it
dialog: was the catalyst that caused your
dialog: . Psyche to collapse ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (yells)
dialog: 6 No!
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: Ray Lynskey ... you have an
dialog: argument with him - three hours
dialog: later he’s dead! Magda Ravanski -
dialog: we know you didn’t like her! What
dialog: - about the guy in the toilet? What
dialog: did he do to you, Frank? Did he
dialog: piss on your blue suede shoes?
text: FRANK starts trembling.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: Why are you shaking, Prank?
text: FRANK ig now shaking violently.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT‘D)
dialog: You‘re doing it now, aren‘’t
dialog: you?
dialog: . _ (triumphant)
dialog: «e+ You're trying to kill ne!
dialog: Forget it, Bannister ... It won't
dialog: work!
text: DAMMERS rips his shirt open, revealing a sheet of dull
text: beaten metal across his chest.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT‘D)
dialog: I'm wearing a lead breast plate!!!
text: DAMMERS slams the file on the table.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: We have twenty-six unexplained
dialog: deaths here ... I think youlare
dialog: linked to every one of then!"...
dialog: Let‘s start talking, Frank!
dialog: ~“
scene_heading: EXT. SANATORIUM/BARTLETT’S nousee DAY
text: Lucy’S car noses through the ol@ hospital gates ...
text: instead of turning into the BARTLETT’S driveway, she
text: parks her car out of sight, behind a service building.
text: LUCY walks towards the BARTLETT’S house, carrying her
text: medical bag ... RAY slides out of the car and catches her
text: up. She is unaware of his presence ...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Lucy, hon ... You just can’t keep
dialog: shutting me out! I still have a
dialog: Ro. lot to offer ...
text: Lucy strides up towards the entrance of the BARTLETT
dialog: house ...
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Basically I’sz an open, flexible
dialog: guy ...
text: RAY, however, takes his first look at the house and skids
text: to a terrified halt.
speaker_heading: RAY (CONT’D)
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Holy shit!
text: RAY’S POV: The BARTLETT house is dripping with ghost
text: blood! A globular, red luminous mass, oozing from cracks
text: and windows over the entire front of the house ... like a
text: huge weeping sore.
text: RAY hangs back, too scared to follow LUCY.
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT HOUSE/LOUNGE ~ DAY
text: Lucy is taking PATRICIA’S blood pressure.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: I’m tired all the time ... I feel
dialog: dizzy and not able to
dialog: concentrate ... I can’t aven read
dialog: a book.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: How long have you been feeling
dialog: like this?
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Io.s- I think it has got a lot
dialog: worse since mother increased
dialog: my medication.
dialog: Lucy >>
dialog: What medication???
dialog: Vo
dialog: Q&* corm:
dialog: «
scene_heading: INT. OLD LADY BARTLETT’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE ON: A large old suitcase ... PATRICIA ig pulling it
text: out from under her sother’s bed. She opens it and LUCY is
text: horrified to see boxes and boxes of old drugs and
text: medicine ... Yellowed cardbeard containers, stained with
dialog: leakage and mold - Stellazine ... Lithium ... Deloxene.
text: LUCY exanineas them in disbelief.
dialog: a. Lucy
dialog: ” These are forty years old ...
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Mother says they’re perfectly
dialog: gwafe to take!
dialog: - Lucy
dialog: Your mother shouldn’t even be in
dialog: gion of these! She’s not a
dialog: Goctor.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: It’s okay, they came from the old
dialog: ‘hospital. My father was the
dialog: administrator,
dialog: Lucy
dialog: It‘s not okay, Patricia. Your
dialog: mother has been illegally sedating
dialog: You «+
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: But I need my medication!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (softly)
dialog: What you need is a life of your
text: AT THAT MOMENT ... The sound of a car pulling into the
dialog: driveway!
text: PATRICIA looks horrified and hurries out of the roon.
text: LUcY notices a bundle of yellowing photographs tucked
text: down the back of the suitcase ... She plucks one out -
text: Johnny Bradley smiling evilly at the camera, his arm
text: wrapped around a young Patricia’s waist.
text: Lucy hurriedly slips the photo back, ,4
dialog: back into the bedroon. +
dialog: ke
dialog: in.
dialog: It’s wotnft © «&
speaker_heading: PATRICIA runs
text: SOUND of the front door opening ...
speaker_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT (0.5)
dialog: . (calling)
dialog: Patricia!
text: PATRICIA is terrified.
dialog: a -
speaker_heading: " PATRICIA
dialog: (pleads)
dialog: Please! She mustn’t know you're
dialog: here!
text: The stairs creak ©0.S as OLD LADY BARTLETT approaches.
text: PATRICIA rushes over to OLD LADY BARTLETT’S closet.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: . (whispering)
dialog: Hide in here ... 1/11 take her
dialog: into the kitchen and you can sneak
dialog: out.
dialog: ¢
text: Lucy hesitates for a moment, then quickly pockets a
text: couple of packets of pills, and hurries into the
text: closet ... PATRICIA only just manages to slide the
text: suitcase back under her mother’s bed, when OLD LADY
text: BARTLETT walks in.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: What are you doing in py room?
speaker_heading: . . PATRICIA
dialog: I thought I heard # noise ...
scene_heading: INT. OLD LADY BARTLETT’S CLOSET - DAY
text: Lucy slinks back into the corner of the closet. She
text: glances upwards ...
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D 0.5)
dialog: Tll make you soma coffee,
dialog: wother.
text: _se. LUCY’S eyes settle on a metallic object, glinting
text: from a pile of clothes on a high shelf ... The muzzle of
dialog: 4 gun.
text: Creaking ~ as FATRICIA and OLD LADY BARTLETT go down the
text: stairs ... LUCY reaches up and carefully withdraws the
text: gun from it’s hiding place ... a lever action rifle ...
text: LUCY turns it over in her hands - engraved down the
text: barrel, in cursive script, is the name “ ister"!
text: LUCY quickly slidea the gun back inte the clothing.
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT HOUSE/HALLWAY ~ DAY
text: SOURDS of activity in the kitchen, as LUCY emerges from
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT'S bedroom and starts to sneak down the
text: stairs. She winces and pauses with each loud creak ...
scene_heading: EXT. BARTLETT HOUSE - DAY
dialog: eo -
text: RUSHING POV: Rocketing towards the blood cozing BARTLETT
text: house ... Straight through the front door ...
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT HOUSE/HALLWAY - DAY
text: «-- into the hallway ... rushing up the stairs towards
text: LUCY ... The POV seems to pass straight through her head
text: and circles back around her.
text: LUCY continues her tense descent down the stairs ... she
text: doesn’t notice the wallpaper ripple, or tha walls flexing
dialog: slightly.
text: Only three steps to go ... The front door straight
dialog: ahead ...
text: SUDDENLY! RAY staggers in through the door, screaming!
text: He has been slashed across his face, his body. Ectoplass
text: drains out of the cuts, his life-force spilling onto the
dialog: floor.
dialog: 76,
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Run! Lucy, get out!
text: RAY slumps in pain at the foot of the stairs, clutching
text: the newel post ... LUCY has one step to go ...
text: RUSHING POV: Down the stairs, straight at RAY ... He
text: looks up and screams in terror!
text: ANGLE ON: LUCY Alone and unaware, as she hurries across
text: the hallway, quietly opens the front door and slips out.
scene_heading: EXT. BARTLETT HOUSE/SANATORIUM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The shadows are growing long ...
text: ANGLE ON: LUCY, from across the hood of her car, as
text: reverses out of her park.
text: THWACK!!! RAY’S hollow lifeless huag> lands violently on
text: the hood. Like a slippery, empty wet suit, it slides off
text: as the car swings towards the gates.
text: RAY’S remains land on the axgind in PG as Lucy drives
dialog: away. «
scene_heading: CUT. TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFP’S OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: STUART and CYRUS slide through the doors into the
text: SHERIFF’S OFFICE. It is quiet, with only a couple of
text: DEPUTIES visible. .
text: CYRUS looks around ... °-
dialog: x
speaker_heading: c¥YRUS
dialog: Man! Cops make me nervous!
text: STUART gestures to CYRUS and disappears through an office
dialog: wall ...
scene_heading: INT, SERIES OF ROOMS - LATE AFTERNOON
text: CYRUS and STUART hurry across an office room. DEPUTIES
text: and SECRETARIES are huddled at desks doing paperwork.
text: As the GHOSTS pass through their desks, papers
text: uysteriously blow into the air ...
text: CYRUS and STUART pass through the wall into ...
text: «++ & LOCKER ROOM, then through the next wall into ...
dialog: le.
dialog: ty.
text: eo. @ CELL, holding a COUPLE OF MUGGERS ...
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (recognition)
dialog: Hey, Benny uy man! Who have you
dialog: been hustling?
text: STUART grabs CYRUS‘’S arm end pulls him through into ...
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S CELL - LATE AFTERNOON
scene_heading: «+» FRANK’S CELL.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Prank!
text: FRANK is sitting on his bunk holding his head in his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Frank! We gotta get you outta
dialog: here, man, These cats are gonna
dialog: stitch you up for ai capital,
dialog: offence! ay
dialog: ve
text: FRANK doesn’t respond. vo
dialog: ws
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Prank??? x
text: STUART waves his hand in front of FRANK’S eyes -... PRANK
text: doesn’t react.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Hey Man!
text: cYRUS attempts to shake FRANK’S shoulder, but his hand
text: passes straight through FRANK’S body.
text: STUART shakes his head ... looks at FRANK with regret.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: - Forget it, Cyrus ... He doesn’t
dialog: believa anymore.
text: The two GHOSTS sre silent.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE/CORRIDOR ~ LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: t
text: MILTON DAMMERS stands silently outside FRANK’S door ..-
text: peering in through 46 small window.
text: DEPUTY 1 approaches ...
dialog: i.
speaker_heading: DAMHERS
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: It won’t be long now ...
text: wo DEPUTY 1 looks quizzical ...
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D}
dialog: {whisrers)
text: He’s entered the acceptance stage
text: ..» he’s grappling with his guilt
dialog: «+. and seeking resolution,
speaker_heading: DEPUTY 1
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: You realise, Agent Dammers, we
dialog: have no forensic evidence linking
dialog: him to any of the deaths ...
text: DAMMERS shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: : (softly)
dialog: It won't be necessary. I expect
dialog: thie case to suicide before it
dialog: Yeaches court ... “9
text: DEPUTY 1 frowns ... DAMMERS turns, a little smile quivers
dialog: on his lips... <,
dialog: w
speaker_heading: Di (CONT’D)
dialog: (softly?
dialog: m7 --» They always do.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE ~ EVENING
text: “LUCY pulls up outside the Sheriff's Office and hurries
dialog: neide.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF‘S OFFICE/RECEPTION ~ EVENING
text: DEPUTY 1 looks up from the reception desk as LUCY enters.
speaker_heading: , DEPUTY 1
dialog: DOr Lynskey ... .
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (urgent )
dialog: I want to see Frank Bannister ...
dialog: ‘now!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY 1
dialog: Agent Dammers says he’s to have
dialog: no visitors.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I’m his Doctor.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY i
dialog: (shaking head) .
dialog: Sorry, M’am... Agent Dammers will
dialog: be back in forty minutes. You
dialog: could -
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (threatening)
dialog: Deputy ... are you denying ne
dialog: access to my patient?
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE/FRANK’S CELL - EVENING
text: -FRANK’S cell door opens and LUCY enters. DEPUTY 1 hovers
text: by the door.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Thank you, Deputy.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY 1 c hed
dialog: Just call se when you’re ere Dr
dialog: Lynskey. N S
text: DEPUTY 1 locks the cell door... DOWN: LUCY crouches
text: by FRANK’S bed. He is lying, staring at the ceiling ...he
text: doesn’t acknowledge LUCY, and turns to face the wall.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Frank?
text: He doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: * Lucy (CONT’D)
dialog: aoe I’ve found your gun ... The gun
dialog: 7 the police say killed your
dialog: wife ...
text: CLOSE ON: FRANK’S cyes flicker.
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT’D)
dialog: 2 It’s in the Bartlett house...
text: hidden in the old lady’s closet.
dialog: You haven’t killed anybody ...
dialog: You’re @ good person, Prank. Trust
dialog: me.
text: FRANK slowly turns to face her ... his eyes are filled
text: with tears {.. LUCY hugs his.
text: They part ... FRANK looks at LUCY for the first time. He
text: suddenly sits bolt upright, grabbing her shoulders.
text: CLOSE ON: LUCY ,.. with the number 741" on her forehead!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: . (alarmed)
dialog: Prank???
speaker_heading: STUART (0.5}
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: She's marked!
text: FRANK looks up and sees CYRUS and STUART looking on,
text: aghast.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What is 1t72??
text: AT THAT HOMENT ...
text: The cell wall behind LUCY ripples and THE REAPER coczes
dialog: out!
text: FRANK pulle LUCY away and shields her against the wall.
text: Lucy reacts with alarm, but dossn‘’t struggle ... THE
text: REAPER leans forward, striking with his hand.-He driver
text: his fist through FRANK’S back, into LUCY’S chest! She
text: gasps in pain. &
text: CYRUS and STUART leap onto THE Ms back, pulling hin
text: away ... A furious cat-like fight ensues between the
text: Spirit and the Ewanatione ... CYRUS and STUART manage to
text: force THE REAPER back through the cell wall.
text: A moment’s silence ... PRANK guides a terrified LUCY into
text: the middle of the small cell, not knowing from which
dialog: direction THE REAPER wil] strike next ..,
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Rte (nervous }
dialog: What’s happening, Prank?
text: THE REAPER rises up out of the cell floor, hand straight
text: into LucY’S chest! Prank hauls LUCY away, spinning her
text: across the room. She slams into the corner of the cell.
text: CYRUS and STUART attempt to grapple with THE REAPER, but
text: the Spirit slides away into the floor.
text: Lucy is sobbing softly in the corner ... THE REAPER
text: emerges out of the wall right behind her, reaches over
text: her shoulder and sinks his hand into her chest! FRANK,
text: CYRUS and STUART all descand of LUCY and THE REAPER ..-
text: CYRUS and ART grab his hand, while FRANK pulls LUCY
text: back across the cell, holding her protectively.
text: THE REAPER’S hood falls back, revealing « skull-like’
text: face, with fluid, changing featuras. The south, a black
text: hole with jagged piranha teeth, gapers ahapelessly. Yellow
text: pin-point eyes blaze from sunken sockets.
dialog: 
dialog: at.
dialog: : 32.
text: THE REAPER sinks his teeth into CYRUS’S neck ...
text: ectoplasm sprays frop the wound as CYRUS drops te his
text: knees, screaming.
text: FRANK looks {ntently at LUCY.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Call for the guard ... nice and
dialog: caln,
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Deputy! I’m ready to leave, thank
dialog: you.
text: STUART pulls CYRUS into the widdle of the room ... THE
text: REAPER has vanished.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (pained)
dialog: I’m leakin’ real bad, mani
dialog: 4°
speaker_heading: STUART 0
dialog: (worried) >
text: He’s losing ectoplasn, reat
text: AT THAT MOMENT ... THE REAPER’ scythe swings down,
text: through the wall ... it comes down onto the top of
text: STUART’S head, impaling him to the floor in a ghostly
text: heap! THE REAPER steps into the room ...
text: The sound of the door being unlocked ...
text: FRANK watches helplessly as THE REAPER sveeps his hand
text: down, scooping a ghostly light out of STUART’S crumpled
text: chest ... he holds the light aloft, squeezing his fingers
text: gnc the light showsra into the air ... dissolving
dialog: to nothing.
text: The cell door opens ...
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (acreaming)
dialog: < Get out, Frank!
text: CYRUS throws himself at THE REAPER in a grief fueled
text: frenzy ... THE REAPER atarts hacking at him with his
dialog: scythe.
text: DEPUTY 1 enters the cell ...
dialog: r
text: «+. FRANK punches him out! He grabs DEPUTY 1’s handgun,
text: takes Lucy by the hand and they flea!
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF‘S OFFICE/VARIOUS CORRIDORS - NIGHT
text: FRANK and LUCY race down deserted corridors, trying to
text: find the rear exit... they round a corner and come face
text: to face with AGENT MILTON DAMMERS ... he’s carrying a bag
text: of takaaway food, and barely has time to react before
text: FRANK barges into him ... DAMMERS is propelled through a
text: doorway, into a janitor’s cupboard ...
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF SHERIFF‘S OFFICE/ALLEY - NIGHT
text: FRANK and LUCY escape from the back of the Sheriff‘s
text: Office into a maze of dark alleyways.
text: At a safe distance, FRANK pulls up, breathing heavily.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (scared)
dialog: What is it, Frank? What did you
dialog: see in the cell see I felt
dialog: something touching my heart!
text: FRANK pulls the revolver out of his pocket ... he checks
text: the cylinder ... LUCY looks alarmed. } 40
speaker_heading: FRANK oY
dialog: (frustrated) Vt
dialog: I can't fight him, Lucy{S. I
dialog: can’t protect you ...
text: FRANK pauses . he looks at LUCY with tenderness... then
text: he suddenly raises the pistol to his temple. LUCY gasps.
speaker_heading: . FRANK (CONT‘D)
dialog: I gotta have an out of body
dialog: experience ... and I gotta have it
dialog: 
dialog: 6 right now!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: & (hushed, horrified)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ~ FRANK
dialog: - (tense)
dialog: Turn around, Lucy ... go on, walk
dialog: away ... now!
text: Sweat rolls down Prank‘s forehead as his finger tightens
text: on the trigger ... LUCY slowly reaches for the pistol ...
text: he steps away from her ... the hammer cocks back ... she
text: takes his hand and gently pushes the pistol away from his
dialog: head.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (softly)
dialog: There’s another way ...
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL CENTER FREEZER - NIGHT
text: BLACKNESS ... Then the door of the Medical Center’s walk
text: in freezer opens ... FRANK and LUCY peer in through
text: clouds of sub-zero condensation.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You’ll have twenty minutes, max.
dialog: Any longer and there’s a danger of
dialog: tissue damage ...
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL CENTER FREEZER ROOM - NIGHT
text: LUCY looks at FRANK...
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT’D)
dialog: «ee And that’s only if I can
dialog: successfully revive you eee
dialog: There’s no guarantee.
text: FRANK starts to take his clothes off. LucY jabs a needle
text: into his upper arm. :
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Lucy (CONT’D) =
dialog: This will slow your heart EOER and
dialog: lower your body tempera
dialog: (tearful)
dialog: Frank ... You don’t have to do '
dialog: this.
text: FRANK smiles reassuringly at LUCY ... She dabs at her
text: eyes with a handkerchief. FRANK gently takes it and
text: tenderly wipes away her tears.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You get one chance at Post Morten
dialog: Survival ... I can’t do this
dialog: again, Lucy. We’ve gotta get it
dialog: Fight first time ...
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Lat’s go!
text: FRANK .steps into the freezer, wearing only hig boxer -
text: shorts ... he immediately hugs himself against the cold.
text: LUCY winds the temperature control to max freeze.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (softly)
dialog: It won’t take long ...
dialog: ft
text: FRANK nods ... LUCY swings the door shut, wiping tears
text: away. She peers into the freezer through a small glass
text: window. FRANK grins at her. She kisses the tips of her
text: fingers and presses them against the glass ...
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL CENTER FREEZER - NIGHT
text: FRANK kisses his fingers and presses his hand against his
text: side of the glass...
text: FRANK sits down in the corner of the freezer, sitting
text: very still ... with LUcy‘S handkerchief clutched in his
dialog: hands.
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL CENTER FREEZER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Lucy is moving quickly and efficiently ... She has
text: prepared blankets, syringes and now wheels in the
text: Defribrilator = the electric shock machine. Lucy wipes
text: gel onto the paddles.
text: LUCY peers into the freezer window ...
text: LUCY’S POV: FRANK is very still ... his skin is blue with
text: cold, ice has started to form ... faint clouds of breath
text: are still visible.
text: MOVING POV: Something approaches LUCY from behind! it
text: moves quietly towards her as ashe peers) “Witto the
dialog: freezer...
dialog: &
text: LUCY turns and screans! ge
text: MILTON DAMMERS grins at her, roughly shoves her to one
text: side ... he peers in at FRANK. A smile crosses his lips.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: I didn’t know you had an interest
text: in cryogenics, Dr Lynskey.
text: LUCY glances at a wall clock: 9.00pm.
dialog: moe Lucy
dialog: (worried)
dialog: I’ve got to revive hin in twenty
dialog: ninutes.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: ° (Bock puzzlepent}
dialog: What on earth for?
text: Lucy makes a move towards the freezer door ... DAMMERS
text: pulls hia gun out. He aims it at Lucy.
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL CENTER FREEZER - NIGHT
text: FRANK is frozen ... He exhales, his breath hanging in the
dialog: air ... then nothing.
text: A slight movement ... FRANK’S EMANATION starts to stir
text: within his bedy. His head appears, gently sliding out of
text: the corpse's face. FRANK then slowly eases himself out of
text: the rest of the body.
text: The freezer ig suddenly bathed in white light ... the
text: frozen crystals sparkle, as the ethereal corridor
text: appears. FRANK looks into it, awestruck ... it obviously
text: has a strong attraction, but he backs away .-. against
dialog: the freezer door, then through it!
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL CENTER FREEZER ROOM ~ NIGHT
text: FRANK falls out of the freezer, onto the floor. He
text: springs to hia feet and flies into the air for a
dialog: moment ... he ig unused to his new gravity!
speaker_heading: FRANK .
dialog: ? %
dialog: Lucy ~ ye
dialog: LUCY has gon# ... ar®
dialog: t
text: CLOSE ON: DAMMERS locking a handcuff onto a roll bar in
text: the back seat of a squad car. LUCY tries to pull her hand
text: free, with no success.
scene_heading: EXT. MEDICAL CENTER - NIGHT
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: You bastard! Lat se gol
text: DAMMERS turhs the car stereo up to drown out her yells.
text: He steers the car out onto the Street ...
text: ++; just. as THE REAPER rises from the sidewalk! THE
text: ER starts to run, gracefully, after DAMMERS’ car as
text: it enters a stream of traffic.
text: FRANK staggers out of the Hedical Center, desperately
text: looking for LUCY. He Boves awkwardly, unable to get used
text: to the rubbery nature of his translucent body.
text: FRANK sees the inky black form of THE REAPER way ahead,
text: as it closes in on the squad car!
text: FRANK starts running!
scene_heading: Ext. FAIRWATER STREETS - NIGHT
text: FRANK flows through the air ... hia feet connect with the
text: ground, but he moves much faster than norgal. The
text: Particles that form his Exwanation body ebb and flow
text: behind him, creating the effect of a silvery slipstreas.
text: DAMMERS car turns onto a freeway onramp ... THE REAPER
text: closes in...
text: FRANK slides to a stop ... he can‘t make up the ground.
text: He watches helplessly as the. squad car joins the
dialog: freeway traffic ...
text: FRANK looks around ... he spots a nearby freeway
text: overpass ~ the squad car will drive beneath it in a
text: matter of seconds ... FRANK sprints towards it!
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD CAR/FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: LUCY struggles helplessly in the back of the squad
text: car ... THE REAPER is visible through the rear window as
text: it reaches the car.
text: THE REAPER leaps onto the ‘roof of the squad car ... it
text: clings on like a giant spider, plunging it’s hand down
dialog: through the roof ...
text: LUCY pushes herself to one side, trying to attract tha
text: attention of passing motorists ... unbeknownst tq ‘Per,
text: she has just slid out of the way of THE REAPER‘S: ping
dialog: skeletal hand! ¢a>
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY OVERPASS ~ KNIGHT
text: FRANK arrives on the overpass ... sees the approaching
text: squad car below, THE REAPER on the roof.
text: FRANK hops onto the railing, carefully judging the moment
text: to leap as the squad car races along in the thick
dialog: traffic.
dialog: FRANK jumps!
text: But his bedy doesn’t drop ... it gently floats down,
text: wafting on the air currents] FRANK watches helplessly as
text: the squad car passes below him and speeds away!
text: FRANK kicks at the air, and disappesre through the roof
dialog: of a bus!
scene_heading: INT. BUS/FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: FRANK scrambles about on the floor of the bug ... he
text: starts running down the aisle towards the front ...
dialog: f
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: PRANK flies out cf the front of the bus, and hits the
text: road running ... the bus is going et 50 mph, FRANK at
text: 60 ... 70 ... 80 as he gaine on the equad car.
dialog: Be.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD CAR/FREEWAY - WIGHT
text: Lucy in FG as THE REAPER‘'S head and shoulders slide in
text: through the roof above her ... he reaches into her
text: shoulder, his arm buried up to the elbow as he gropes for
dialog: her heart!
speaker_heading: THE REAPER
dialog: (silky menance)
dialog: Don't fear The Reaper!
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY ~ WIGHT
text: FRANK hits 85mph, becoming an almost amorphous fluid, his
text: body discombobulating in the slipstream.
text: “FRANK reaches the squad car ... he dives forward,
text: grabbing hold of THE REAPER‘S ankles!
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD CAR - NIGHT y*
text: Lucy is clutching her chest, gaspl. Greath ws» THE
text: REAPER anarla ac he is suddenly whi A er through tha
dialog: roof!
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY ~ HIGHT
text: THE REAPER slides off the squad car ... He and FRANK
text: tumble onto the road at high speed. They roll in a tangle
text: as the squad car drives off into the darkness ... Cars
text: speed ouough PRANK and THE REAPER as they grapple with
dialog: e@ach other.
text: THE REAPER ie frantically enapping and hissing at FRANK,
text: who:holds his by the throat ... FRANK punches THE
text: REAPER'S face, again and again ... THE REAPER’S features
text: alter ... The skeletal socket becomes more human with
dialog: each blow .., FRANK paus eee
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (between teeth)
dialog: - Who are you?
text: THE REAPER roars end throws FRANK off ... FRANK rolls
text: away into the stream of traffic, and is buffeted sround
text: by the speeding cars and trucks.
text: THE REAPER springs to his feet, producing the wooden
text: staff from beneath his cloak ... CLICK) The steel blade
text: of the scythe locks into placael
text: FRANK backs sway as THE REAPER approaches, scythe
text: raised ... THE REAPER chargez and ewings at FRANK,
text: narrowly missing him ...
text: As TRUCKS speed by, the slipstream causes FRANK and
text: THE REAPER spin and float ... The scythe cuts through the
text: air ... FRANK dives to the ground - and is immediately
text: flattened by the wheels of a large truck!
text: FRANK reforns his shape and turns to run - straight into
dialog: the path of oncoming treffic!
text: TRACKING BACK: with FRANK running towards camera in FG,
text: THE REAPER hot on his heels ... A BUS passes through then
text: - for a few seconds, only FRANK and THE REAPER’S head and
text: shoulders are visible above the floor of the speeding bus
text: as it.hurtles away from camera. Then, they’re outside
text: again ... FRANK is running as fast as he can, but the
text: REAPER is gaining on him ... More TRUCKS, CARS and BUSES
text: pass through them in quick succession.
text: FRANK looks desperately ahead as a huge MAC TRUCK rockets
text: towards him ... He holds out his arms, squeezing his eyes
text: shut in concentration ... At the moment of impact, he is
text: collected by the front of the truck! FRANK’S body
text: flattens against the truck as his direction changes
text: instantaneously! He just manages to raise big, foot and
text: smash it into THE REAPER‘’S face as he collides with THE
text: REAPER at high speed! \e ~
text: THE REAPER is rocketed off his &R disappearing over
text: the freeway barrier as FRANK speeds away, clinging to the
text: front of the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFRAMP/STREETS - NIGHT
text: The truck .turns off the freeway «+. FRANK looks around
text: desperately and sees DAMMERS squad car heading up a
text: distant street ... towards the hills.
text: He leaps off the truck and starts racing across town ...
scene_heading: INT/EXT. SERIES OF BUILDINGS - NIGHT
text: FRANK takes the shortest possible route to intercept the
text: vehicle: Through walls, into houses, bedrooms,
text: factories, a library. PEOPLE are unaware of the silvery
text: ghost speeding through their premises.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. DAMMERS CAR/PAIRWATER STREETS - NIGHT
text: DAMMERS stares intently ahead as he steers the car
text: towards thé hills. Lucy tries to tug at the handcuffs,
text: but to no avail. She catches sight of DAMMERS’ black eyes
text: staring at her in the rear vision mirror. DAMMERS holds a
text: hand in the air, exposing a small swastika tattooed on
dialog: his pala.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: (intense bitterness}
dialog: Squeaky Fromme ... Spahn Ranch
dialog: nineteen sixty-nine. I wae her sex
dialog: Slave for six months. Six months
dialog: spent in the service of ny
dialog: country, disruised as a ... filthy
dialog: hippy!
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY ROAD ~ NIGHT
text: FRANK emerges out of a warehouse wall, racing onto the
text: road, directly in front of DAMMERS’ car.
text: THWACK! He is collected on the hood, and frantically
text: grabs hold of the roof to avoid being blown off.
scene_heading: INT. DAMMERS’ CAR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: I find cemeteries very restf
dialog: Places ... don’t you? ty 4°
dialog: C New
dialog: wer ~ 2\
dialog: (denperate) ¥ ™
dialog: Let me go, you bastard!
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: I intend to, Mrs Lynskey ... as
dialog: Boon as we've watched the sun
dialog: Fise ...
text: DAMMERS looks at his watch: 9.35pm ...
speaker_heading: * DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: mR .«. dn nine hours tine.
text: FRANK thrusts his face through the windscreen.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Lucy!
text: LUCY doean’t respond.
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRWATER CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: The rolling, Gothic Fairwater Cemetery is dark and creepy
text: «os the lights of Fairwater, spread out in the valley
dialog: below.
text: As DAMMERS steers the squad car through the cemetery
text: gates, FRANK sees THE REAPER in the distance, a black
text: wmudge gliding through town towards the cemetery hill.
dialog: ql.
text: The squad car pulls to stop between tombstones on a bluff
text: above the town ... DAMMERS gets out, starts to unbutton
text: his shirt.
text: AT THAT MOMENT: TWO LARGE GHOSTLY HANDS suddenly grab
text: FRANK'S shoulders, yanking him off the car!!
text: +s» The fearsome GATEKEEPF8 holds FRANK in the air like a
dialog: rag doll!
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: (guttural)
dialog: State your business!
text: FRANK struggles, but the GATEKEEPER has an iron grip ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It’s me ... Bannister!
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: (guttural)
dialog: You ain‘’t Bannister no nore ...
dialog: you’s just a shitty little spook!
dialog: ye
dialog: (aespeeere ®
dialog: Listen to ne! There’s an evil
dialog: spirit coming up that hill!
speaker_heading: HILES (0.38)
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Shut up, you sub-human Emanation!
text: HILES marches over aiming his ghostly UZI sub-machine gun
speaker_heading: at FRANK.
text: INSERT: Rushing POV up the cemetery road.
text: FRANK struggles helplessly as HILES Screams at him ...
speaker_heading: HILES
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: You contemptible heap of
dialog: teleplasmic shit! If there was an
dialog: = evil spirit loose in this town, I
dialog: would be negligent in my duty!
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: are you accusing me of
dialog: professional incompetence??? Are
dialog: you saying that I am one prize
dialog: piece of anus breath?
dialog: °
speaker_heading: JUDGE (0.S)
dialog: I've had as much of your foul
dialog: mouth es I can stomach, son.
text: HILES spins around and stares in disbelief at THE JUDGE,
text: who is peering out of his grave.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (CONT’D)
dialog: I suggest you treat Mr Bannister
dialog: with a degree of respect, boys.
speaker_heading: HILES
dialog: (screaming) .
dialog: Get back in vour grave, you senile
dialog: old goat!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Get’em Rustler!
text: RUSTLER suddenly springs out of the JUDGE’S grave,
text: Clamping his jaws onto HILES’ wrist. He screans,
text: dropping the ghostly UZI.
text: _ The GATEKEEPER throws FRANK to one side and rushes
text: forward. He clutches at RUSTLER, attempting to haul the
text: ghost dog off HILES.
text: RUSHING POV: Moving through the cemetery gates at very
text: high speed ... HILES and THE GATEKEEPER are visible
dialog: ahead ...
text: RUSTLER leaps back into the grave and THE TRS, ducks his
text: head below soil, as the fearsone REAPER crab in.
text: THE GATEKEEPER steps forward, protecting HILES.
scene_heading: . GATEKEEPER
dialog: State your business!
text: THE REAPER doesn’t hesitate ... he gracefully swings his
text: scythe, splitting THE GATEKEEPER in two from bottom to
text: top! ... HILES has no time to react, he is beheaded
text: with an equally fluid swing of the scythe!
text: RUSHING. POV: Heading through the tombstones, straight for
text: the parked squad car ... closing in on LUCY at phenomenal
dialog: speed!
scene_heading: INT. DAMMERS’ CAR/CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Lucy ts using the clasp of her watch to unscrew the roll
text: bar from the side of the car ...
text: THE REAPER glides in through the door and sits beside
text: her. It’s boney hand hovers above her chest.
speaker_heading: THE REAPER
dialog: , (silky menace)
dialog: Don’t fear The Reaper!
dialog: AT THAT MOMENT!
text: FRANK leans over from the front seat. He swings the
text: ghostly UZI into THE REAPER’S face!
speaker_heading: . : FRANK
dialog: Go to hell ...
text: FRANK fires directly into THE REAPER‘S hood!!!
scene_heading: EXT. DAMMERS CAR/CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: The blast sends THE REAPER flying out the back of the
text: car ... FRANK leaps out, firing again - a whithering
text: burst. THE REAPER convulses and shudders as the ghost
text: bullets thud into their target.
text: THE REAPER snarls and roars as he is literally shot to
text: Pieces ... Large luaps of his body fly into the air -
text: dark glutinous masses that land on ground with a wet
dialog: splat. .
text: Throughout, SAMMERS is oblivious to the firgstorn. He
text: stands in the moonlight, holding his shirt open. He
text: suddenly spins around, showing LUCY A t0rB0 covered in a
text: mass of cultish tattoos and s - His face is not
text: visible to her, but she watches his finger trace along
text: series of voodcoo symbols, roughly carved into his chest.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS |
dialog: (intense bitterness)
dialog: Nineteen eighty one - Haiti ... I
dialog: infiltrated the Cult of the Dead ~
dialog: T was involved ritualistic
text: cannibalism, in orgiastic dances,
dialog: Teaching painful thresholds of
text: intense physical eroticisn.
text: THE REAPER’S severed right arm sails past DAMMERS’
text: head ... THE REAPER’S body collapses as it’s face flies
dialog: into the air!
text: FRANK stops firing ... he surveys the multitude of shiny
text: black puddles that waa once THE REAPER ...
text: DAMMERS steps away from the car -...
speaker_heading: DAMHERS
dialog: I have suffered for my country, Or
dialog: Lynskey ...
text: He screanea at the night sky, the veins on his neck
dialog: bulge ...
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT’D)
dialog: (acreaning)
dialog: --- But I cannot be broken!
text: - Lucy seizes the moment! She pulls against tha bar with
text: all har might, ripping it free! Within a second, she has
text: slipped the cuffs free of the bar, and desperately
text: attempts to lock the car doors aé ODAMHERS spins
dialog: around ... .
text: DAMMERS hauls on the bsck doors as LUCY scrambles over
text: the seats into the front .. She guns the engine ... The
text: clock on the dash says 9.42pm.
text: DAMHERS screams as the squad car rockets sway towards
text: the cemetery entrance ... he races after it.
text: FRANK is standing amidst the remsing of THE REAPER ... He
text: notices s movement - THE REAPER‘S face ... it lies on the
text: ground like a slice of jello. Ite Routh gapes
text: soundlessly ... eyes following FRANK with hatrad.
text: THE JUDGE‘s top half walks up on his hands, surveying the
text: remains of THE REAPER...
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Gotta hand it to you, Prank e283
dialog: You've takan out Death himself. % 9
dialog: \e °
dialog: This ain‘’t Death. nee ER
text: FRANK scoops up the twitching face and holds it up at
text: arms length... it hange like a quivering, snarling
dialog: jellyfish.
speaker_heading: | FRANK
dialog: Who are you?
text: THE REAPER’S face sneers ...
speaker_heading: a THE REAPER
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Don’t fear The Reaper!
text: In a burst of anger, FRANK swings the face against a
text: gravestone, slapping it hard like a wet towel.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Who are you???
text: FRANK slaps the face against a gravestone, again and
text: again ... with each blow, THE REAPER’S face alters
dialog: slightly - becoming more human!
text: FRANK throws the face against a grave ... it glides to a4
text: stop on the stone alab, grinning evilly at FRANK.
text: THE REAPER’S face has now become that of a twenty-two
dialog: year old psychopathic killer ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Johnny Bradley ...
text: ++. JOHN CHARLES BRADLEY circa 1954!! His face slowly
text: slides, grimacing on the stone, oozing a puddle of
dialog: ectoplasz.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: I thought guys like you fried in
dialog: hell.
text: BRADLEY’S FACE twists into an arrogant sneer.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: I got out, Frank!
text: BRADLEY’S FACE slips over the edge of the stone slab and
text: Slides down the vertical face of the grave, leaving a
dialog: Slime trail...
dialog: a 4 >
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: f(evilly)
dialog: I bin carrying on the good GaN”
dialog: Got Be a score of forty!
text: An elderly Emanation looms out of the darkness ... He
text: offers his hand to FRANK ...
speaker_heading: SINCLAIR
dialog: Harry Sinclair ... I just wanna
text: shake the hand of the man who's
dialog: finally avenged my death.
text: FRANK shakes hands with Sinclair ... JOHNNY starts
text: giggling.
speaker_heading: se JOHNNY
dialog: Did I slit your throat, or rip out
dialog: your liver, old man? ... I don’t
dialog: recall ...
text: FRANK reacts to @ number °12" etched into SINCLAIR’S
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You’ve got a number ...
text: SINCLAIR touches his forehead self consciously.
speaker_heading: SINCLAIR
dialog: Bradley carved it into my forehead
dialog: as I lay dying. We’ve all got
dialog: them ... one thru twelve.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: One wore than Starkweather!
speaker_heading: SINCLAIR
dialog: I was the last.
text: This comment elicits a chuckle from BRADLEY ...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He couldn’t ‘Se more wrong, could
dialog: he Frank?
text: Before FRANK can react, BRADLEY’S FACE suddenly flows
text: into cracks in the base of the grave!
text: FRANK .looks around as the other glutinous black remnants
text: of THE REAPER gather like globular mercury, scuttling
text: into cracks and crannies ... disappearing below the
dialog: surface of the ground!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: nits (scared)
dialog: shit!
text: FRANK runs a couple of paces, and dives head. zee into
text: the grave that BRADLEY disappeared into! G Ss
dialog: ce
text: FRANK slides into a coffin, landing in a crouched heap
text: on top of a dusty skeleton. He immediately propels
text: himself through the side of the coffin ...
scene_heading: INT. SERIES OF COFFINS - NIGHT
text: +-. into another coffin. He just catches a glimpse of a
text: slippery BLACK MASS disappearing through the floor of the
text: coffin ... FRANK sinks his head through the floor of the
text: coffin, using his feet against the lid to push himself
dialog: downwards ...
dialog: ee
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY VAULT ~- NIGHT
text: FRANK comes sliding through the ceiling of a deep vault -
text: a series of inter-connecting dark rooms, lined with dusty
text: coffins. FRANK lands in a heap on the floor. SRADLEY is
text: crawling on the floor ahead of FRANK, his legs and other
text: Parts of his body reforming ... as THE REAPER takes shape
dialog: again!
text: FRANK dives onto BRADLEY’S back, rolling on the floor ...
text: BRADLEY snarls - his mouth suddenly distorting into THE
text: REAPER‘S mouth! PRANK squeezes his fingers into JOHNNY’S
text: throat ... The sticky black body parts crawl over FRANK’S
text: back, reforming - encapsulating FRANK within THE REAPER‘S
text: body! FRANK has only seconds left ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Got any tricks up your sleeve,
dialog: Johnny?
dialog: Go.
text: FRANK reaches into THE REAPER’S black sleeve ... He pulls
text: out the wooden staff! FRANK bangs the base against the
text: wall and tha steel blade swings out!
text: Sudden fear glints in JOHNNY'S eyes!
text: FRANK élides out of JOHFNY’S grip, raising the glittering
dialog: Blade of the ecythe ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (grimly) .
dialog: End of the line, you murdering
dialog: freak!
text: THE REAPER‘S features suddenly shrivel into JOHNNY’S
text: screaming face as FRANK stings the scythe down towards
dialog: his neck!
text: AT THAT PRECISE MOMENT!
scene_heading: CRASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL CENTER ~ NIGHT
dialog: 
text: FRANK opens his eyes! t *
dialog: aie
dialog: Lucy (0.5) &
dialog: (elated)
dialog: Prank!
text: FRANK is lying on a gurney in a puddle of melted ice. He
text: gasps for air ... LUCY is holding the paddles of the
text: Defribrilator, a huge smile lighting up her face. Or
text: KAMINS is in his dressing gown ... he prepares a syringe,
text: which he quickly jabs into FRANK'S ara.
speaker_heading: * DR KAMINS
dialog: Bf : A hundred Billigrans of
dialog: Lydocaine ... Lucy - get me 1 cc
dialog: of Introcardiac Adrenalin...
dialog: Quick now!
text: Lucy hurriedly prepares another syringe ... FRANK tries
dialog: to talk ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: IT ... didn’t ... gat him...
text: OR KAMINS jabs the syringe into FRANK'S chest ... LUCY
text: jeans close fe PRANK.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Who didn‘t you get, Frank?
dialog: qr.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Bradley ... Johnny Bradley’s cone
dialog: back =... He's eee killing
dialog: again ...
text: Lucy is shocked ...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (worried, hushed)
dialog: Patricia ...
text: DR KAMINS smiles at her.
speaker_heading: DR KAMINS
dialog: Den’t worry, Lucy ..- He's
dialog: hallucinating. It‘ll pass. We've
dialog: got sinus rhythz, he’s
text: stabilizing.
text: LUCY backs away ... : :
dialog: Y : 40
dialog: Lucy yaa o
dialog: I’ve gotta go, Frank. t at =
text: FRANK, unable to move, stares helplessly at LUCY. OR
text: KAMINS looks at her in surprise as she hurries out of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARTLETT HOUSE/SANATORIUM - NIGHT
text: Lucy’S CAR speeds through the old hospital gates, takes
text: the corner too fast and slides to a halt in the driveway.
text: She leaps out of the car and races up to the BARTLETT’S
text: front door... a light glows from inside.
speaker_heading: mt
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: LucY comes bursting into the hallway ... PATRICIA emerges
text: iroe the lounge, looking alarmed at LUcy’S sudden
dialog: arrival.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Dr Lynskey?
text: Lucy hurries over to her.
dialog: ‘ wey
dialog: Look Patricia ... This may sound
dialog: crazy, but I think you’re in
dialog: danger ... from John Bradley!
text: PATRICIA tenses up, a look of terror on her face.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA 74.
dialog: (tearful)
dialog: Who told you???
text: Lucy looks at her questioningly ...
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: (quivering)
dialog: He visits me at night ... I don’t
dialog: know why he comes ... he torments
dialog: me
text: PATRICIA touches the ugly purple welts on her neck.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D):
dialog: Why has he come back? Am I being
dialog: punished???
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (gently)
dialog: No... Sometimes when you go
dialog: through a trauma, it alters your in
dialog: perception. It allows you access Be
dialog: to the part of your mind that. o
dialog: Connects with the spiritual worig.<\
dialog: Bradley is using this access
dialog: prey on you again.
text: PATRICIA dissolves into a flood of frightened tears. LUCY
text: hugs her.
speaker_heading: = LUCY (CONT’D)
dialog: . Come on ... let‘s get out of here.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT (0.S)
dialog: Patricia never leaves the house!
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT stands at the top of the stairs
dialog: ee
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I‘m sorry, Mrs Bartlett, but she’s
dialog: coming with ne.
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: (screeching)
dialog: You have no right! She’s ny
dialog: daughter!
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT sterts to descend the stairs.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT (CONT’D)
speaker_heading: (to PATRICIA)
dialog: Get upstairs!
dialog: os,
dialog: Lucy
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Are you going to feed her nore
dialog: drugs, Mrs Bartlett - is that what
dialog: you intend to do? Another lucky
dialog: dip into the suitcase under your
dialog: bed?
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT freezes ... her eyes blaze!
scene_heading: OLD LADY BARTLETT
dialog: (furious)
dialog: You’ve been in my room!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: The police might like to look in
dialog: your closet too!
text: OLD LADY BARTLETT turns and bolts upstairs! PATRICIA
text: hurries after her ...
speaker_heading: PATRICIA US
dialog: Mother! (eatling) gare ~
text: PATRICIA disappears into OLD LADY BARTLETT’S bedroon.
text: Lucy paces the hallway nervously.
text: A cool breeze wafts through ... LucY shivers ... she
text: looks around uneasily ...
text: «+. WALLPAPER ripples ever so slightly.
text: FAINT SOUND of OLD LADY BARTLETT in tears.
text: PATRICIA emerges from the bedroom ... She smiles at LUCY
text: vas‘. she descends the stairs.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Mother wants to talk to the
dialog: police ... she has things she
dialog: wants to tell them ... She’ll be
text: down in a minute.
text: LUCY nods reassuringly. PATRICIA hugs her.
speaker_heading: : PATRICIA
dialog: Thank you for coming tonight ...
text: PATRICIA spiles gratefully at LUCY.
text: ANGLE ON: LUCY ... THE REAPER is standing right by her
text: shoulder! The number 41 glows on LUCY’S forehead.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: It’s no problea.
text: THE REAPER’S PACE contorts into BRADLEY.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: I wanna kill her now, Patty!
dialog: That’1l give us forty-one! Eight
dialog: clear of Gacy ... another nine and
dialog: we’ll have broken Bundy’s record!
dialog: I wanna see Ted’s face when he
dialog: hears the news!
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Yes!
text: Lucy looks puzzled ... PATRICIA smiles.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry .-. I was thinking out
dialog: loud ... Let’s wait in the lounge.
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT’S LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: PATRICIA sits in an armchair ... LUCY sits persia:
text: JOHNNY is terribly wound up ... he paces UCY’S
dialog: chair. eR
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: That asswipe psychic nearly ruined
dialog: it for us tonight Patty] He made
dialog: us look stupid!
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You know ... you don’t have to
dialog: stay in this house. You could
dialog: start your life over somewhere
dialog: else ...
speaker_heading: Ro
text: JOHNNY rushes over to PATRICIA‘S chair ...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: That Russian cannibal creep is
dialog: saying he did fifty-plusi It
dialog: . reflects badly on us all, Patty!
dialog: - This record should be held by an
dialog: American!
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: I quite agree.
text: JOHNNY qrabe PATRICIA’S hand and runs it across his lips,
text: and up the side of his cheek.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Come on baby, let’s take her out!
text: Lucy watches PATRICIA‘S hand rise into the air and rotate
text: in delicate movenents.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I could help you ... if you like.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: That would be nice.
dialog: 
text: JOHNNY nuzzles PATRICIA’S ear ... she giggles. LUCY smiles
text: nervously as PATRICIA suddtnly rises.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m making some coffee ... want
dialog: sone?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: We probably should be going ...
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Oh, Mother takes forever. I won’t
dialog: be long ...
text: PATRICIA leaves the room. ~, 4o
dialog: c
dialog: a
scene_heading: INT, BARTLETT KITCHEN - NIGHT ‘
text: PATRICIA walks into the kitchen, with JOHNNY scurrying
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: {whispers )
dialog: Patronizing do-gooder bitch!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You kill her, Patty! I’11 watch!
text: PATRICIA grins and opens a drawer ... sha picks up a huge
text: carving knife.
speaker_heading: fo JOHNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: I love to watch you do it.
text: PATRICIA holds the knife down against her side and heads
dialog: back towards tha lounge ...
scene_heading: INT. BARTLETT HALLWAY - NIGHT -
text: PATRICIA’S POV: Moving slowly towards the lounge
text: doorway ... LUCY is visible, back turned, browsing at a
dialog: bookcase ...
dialog: 
text: PATRICIA grips the knife firmly ...
text: AT THAT MOMENT ...
text: A LOUD KNOCKING at the front door!!! PATRICIA freezes ...
text: she’s standing right beside the door ... slides her ara
text: behind her back.
text: Lucy turns, looks back into the hallway ... PATRICIA
text: glances at the door.
scene_heading: oe . JOHNNY
dialog: Don’t open it.
text: LUCY walks towards PATRICTA ... Another LOUD KNOCK.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Ill get it.
text: PATRICIA opens the door ...
text: -«. MILTON DAMMERS is standing on the doorstep.
speaker_heading: DAMMERS
dialog: Agent Milton Dammers ...
text: DAMMERS holds his badge up ... 4?
speaker_heading: DAMMERS (CONT/D) ~
dialog: ae Federal Burgaud* of
dialog: Investigation.
text: PATRICIA hesitates for a moment...
text: -.. Without warning, she slashes with the knife! DAMHERS
text: hand is sent flying, still gripping his badge! PATRICIA
text: stabs him in the chest ... again ... and again!
text: Lucy backs away from the front door ... look of horror
text: Spreading across her face ...
text: JOHNNY is-laughing ... he grabs LUCY’S ars and flings her
text: against the stairs.
speaker_heading: . JOHNNY
dialog: me - Go Patty, gol!!
text: PATRICIA. spins around to face LUCY ... eyes ablaze ...
text: blood dripping from the knife.
text: LUCY screams and races up the stairs ... PATRICIA runs
dialog: after her.
scene_heading: INT. OLD LADY BARTLETT’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: LUCY runs into the bedroom, slamming the door ... turning
dialog: the key.
dialog: , Lucy
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Mrs Bartlett!!!
text: CRASH INTO: OLD LADY BARTLETT’S blood soaked corpse
dialog: propped up in bed!
dialog: LUCY SCREAMS!
text: JOHNNY'S FACE warps out of the door ... sinks back, then
text: @lides out of the wall as WALLPAPER MAN, clutching the
text: blood eplattered kitchen knife in his paper hands.
text: Lucy ducks to avoid a Glashing blow ... she screams ...
text: a6 the WALLPAPER MAN stretches from the wall and follows
dialog: her ...-
text: SHASH! The BEDROOM WINDOW is kicked in!
speaker_heading: FRANK (0.5)
dialog: Lucy!
text: FRANK leaps into the room in 4 shower of glass!!!
text: WALLPAPER MAN lungee at Lucy ... the knife arcs down
text: towards her ... FRANK intercepts and grabs WALLPAPER
text: MAN’S arm, pushing him against the broken window. FRANK
text: Slides WALLPAPER WAN‘'S wrist against jagged glass,
dialog: Blicing his knife hand off!
text: JOHNNY screams and recedes into the wall ... FRANK
text: discards the knife and grabs LUCY.
speaker_heading: FRANK 44
dialog: Come onl a oe
dialog: &
dialog: cr omear the
text: BANG! A gunshot splinters the bedrock ?
dialog: oken window ...
dialog: leck ... FRANK helpa Lucy through the
text: BANG! The lock is shot out ...
scene_heading: EXT. BARTLETT HOUSE/SANATORIUK ~ HIGHT
text: FRANK and LUCY flee along the narrow balcony that skirts
text: the house ... and over 4 mall bridge linking the house
text: with the old hospital grounde.
dialog: me :
scene_heading: EXT. SANATORION ~ NIGHT
text: An abandoned, ivy clad Victorian Consumption Hospital ...
text: sprawling buildings ... overgrown gardens ... cracked
text: weed-raddled paving. Windows are ausshed ... graffiti
text: defaces walls.
text: ERA and LUCY run across the courtyard towards the Fast
dialog: Wing.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOSPITAL WARD ~ WIGHT
text: MOONLIGHT filters in through rotting cortaina, as FRANK
text: breaks into a large ward, full of skeletal bedframes and
text: moldy mattresses ... He and LUCY dash down the center
text: aisle ... through an adjoining corridor into ...
dialog: -.-another equally lerge, rotten ward.
text: SOUNDS OF FOOTSTEPS running in pursuit ... the SQUEAK of
text: rubber soles on the old linoleum. FRANK pulls LUCY down
text: behind an old rusty bed. They slide underneath it. The
text: FOOTSTEPS coma into the ward ... PATRICIA’S feet ore
text: visible under the rows of old beds.
text: FRANK and LUCY hold thetr breath as PATRICIA walks right
text: past their bed ... brief glimpse of her scanning the
text: oon, rifle in hand ... she walks past them and moves on
text: into the next ward.
text: PRANK and LUCY breathe a sigh of relief ...
text: LOUD COUGHING! Directly above them! FRANK looks up as A
text: DECREPIT OLD MAN leans over the edge of his bed and
text: snarls at FRANK and LUCY.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (raspy yell)
dialog: orderly!
text: FRANK and LUCY scramble out from beneath the bed ...
text: The Ward is suddenly bright ... lit with hospital mercury
text: vapor lights. All the beds are full, with coughitx,
text: emaciated PATIENTS in regulation hospital garb. & a
speaker_heading: Lp MAN (conT’D)y &
dialog: (raspy yell)
dialog: There‘s atrangers under my bed!
dialog: I asy, Orderly!i!
text: RATTLE of a trolley ... FRANK and LUCY turn to see a neat
text: young ORDERLY wheel a tea trolley into the ward ... He is
text: dressed in an immaculately pressed white hospital
text: uniform, bis hair slicked back. JOHN BRADLEY grins at
text: FRANK and LUCY. .
dialog: mt.
text: PRANK grabs LUCY and propels her through a door inte ...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR ~ NIGHT
scene_heading: +e. @ BUSY BOSPITAL CORRIDOR, circa 15954. DOCTORS,
text: NURSES, PATIENTS and VISITORS jostle in the narrow space,
text: all going about their business.
text: FRANK and LUCY desperately push through the crowd,
text: raising the ire of SEVERAL PEOPLE ...
speaker_heading: ‘ VISITOR
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Hey, watch it buddy!
text: PRANK and LUCY continue pushing past PEOPLE ...
speaker_heading: WURSE (0.8)
dialog: (Brightly)
dialog: Look everyone! It’s young Miss
dialog: Patty!
text: FRANK and LUCY stop in their tracks ... the CROWD ahead
text: of them shrinks back against the wall, revealing a young
text: 15 year old PATRICIA BARTLETT cheerfully bounding up the
dialog: corridor! .
text: TRACKING BACK: With young PATRICIA ...the lights dim as
text: she suddenly changes into the adult PATRICIA! She
text: immediately swings the rifle up, opening fire
dialog: on ...
text: FRANK and LUCY ... now standing in an empty darkened
text: corridor. Bullets zing past FRANK ... PATRICIA reloads as
text: FRANK stares at her, seemingly unable to move...
text: INSERT: Forest ... Day ..- Hand reloading Frank’s rifle.
dialog: Lucy (0.8)
dialog: Frank!
text: BANG! PATRICIA fires again, just as LUCY shoves FRANK
text: through a door ...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL STAIRWELL - NIGHT 40
text: «s+. and down a dark, spiraling stairwell . & down and
text: down, into the old hospital basement. cat
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Lucy and FRANK run past piles of old equipment and
text: bedding stacked against the walls.
text: SOUND OF HEAVY BREATHING:
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (0.S)
dialog: a Oooh! Please ... don’t hurt ma!
text: The CRIES echo down the corridor ... FRANK and LUCY
text: frantically look around ...
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (0.S)
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Ro ... Don’t ... Stop! Please!
text: HEAVY FOOTSTEPS clang down the stairwell ... FRANK and
text: Lucy take the nearest door, slamming it shut ... faded
text: sign on door reads: "MORTUARY®.
scene_heading: Int. HOSPITAL MORTUARY ~ NIGHT
text: FRANK and LUCY finds thenselves in the dimly lit hospital
text: morgue of 1954 ... fresh bodies lie on stainless steel
text: trolleys ... toe tagged.
text: FRANK leads LUCY through the sea of trolleys ...
scene_heading: SUDDENLY ...-
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (0.5}
dialog: (passionate)
dialog: Goch, Johnny ...
text: They are looking through a doorway into the AUTOPSY
text: POV ... JOHNNY and YOUNG PATRICIA are making love on the
dialog: autopsy table! .
text: A RIFLE CLICK ... FRANK and Lucy spin around ... adult
text: PATRICIA is standing in the doorway, her gun swings
text: towards FRANK ...
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: That’‘s my rifle ...
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: I know.
text: She fires! FRANK takes a bullet in the shoulder ... he
text: falls backwards, literally inta 1954, tumbling against
text: a trolley, knocking a corpse onto the floor ...
text: FRANK lands on his back as the corpse _fahi¥ towards
dialog: him ... \&
text: FOREST INSERT: THUD! DEBRA’S hits the forest
text: floor ... CLOSE ON: FRANE, face bloody. from the car
dialog: accident, lying on bed of pine needles ... barely
text: Conscious, he looks up and sees PATRICIA ...
text: Low ANGLE POV ... PATRICIA standing amongst the trees,
text: holding the rifle ... she stoops down to Debra’s body,
text: preducing a scalpel ... cuts into Debra’s forehead. FRANK
text: squeezes his eyes shut ... PATRICIA calmly walks towards
text: FRANK ... the background bahind her swims and alters ...
scene_heading: FOREST ... MORGUE ... FOREST ... MORGUE ...
dialog: mo
text: ««» PATRICIA holds the Gun muzzle against FRANK’S head in
text: the forest ... squeezes the trigger ... FRANK shuts his
text: eyes ... CLICK! Empty!
text: FRANK opens his eyes again ... LOW ANGLE POV ... PATRICIA
text: in the MORGUE ... she brings the gun butt down on his
text: head, knocking him unconscious. LUCY screams! She makes a
text: Bove towards PATRICIA, but JOHNNY slides out of the wall
text: and grabs her from behind!
dialog: Pinish him off ...
dialog: rf
text: PATRICIA grabs a piece of cord from a table and deftly
text: wraps it around FRANK‘’S neck ... with ruthless precision
text: she twists it tighter and tighter ...
text: HOLD ON: LUCY’S horrified face as FRANK is strangled to
dialog: death.
dialog: Tes.
text: PATRICIA stands back, the job finished ... JOHNNY starts
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: . . JOKNNY
dialog: That was beautiful!
text: PATRICIA crosses to a bench and examines rusty old autopsy
dialog: instruments.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I’m in the Bood for a little
dialog: vivisection.
text: PATRICIA holds up a wicked looking trepan saw, and a pair
text: of heavy duty surgical scissors.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Which would you prefer, Lucy?
dialog: After all ... it’s only fair that
dialog: you choose.
text: LUCY sobs ... JOHNNY tightens his grip. b
dialog: vt
dialog: f
speaker_heading: JOHNNY .
dialog: I like the one with the big teath
text: PATRICIA discards the scissors ... ehe holds the saw aloft
text: «+s. walks slowly towards LUCY.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: Let’s see if we can: take the top
dialog: of your skull off while you’re
dialog: still conscious ...
dialog: LUCY screams!!! |
text: Behind. PATRICIA ... FRANK’S SPIRIT rises out of his
text: corpse ... PATRICIA bends towards LUCY ... raises the
text: saw ... FRANK’S SPIRIT grabs her from behind!
text: WHITE LIGHT. floods the room ... An endless CORRIDOR OF
text: LIGHT opens appears above FRANK’S body ... PATRICIA
text: struggles ... FRANK rams his ghostly hand into the back
text: of her neck ... he pulls and wrenches ...
text: JOHNNY clutches Lucy tightly ... he screams at PRANK...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (screaring)
dialog: Stop iti!
text: With a mighty tug, FRANK rips PATRICIA’S SOUL out of her
text: living body!!! Her lifeless corpse drops to the floor ...
text: the GHOSTLY PATRICIA writhes violently in FRANK’S arms.
text: FRANK backs towards the CORRIDOR OF LIGHT, clutching
text: PATRICIA like a hostaga.
speaker_heading: PRANK
dialog: Come and get her, Johnny.
speaker_heading: sae JOHNNY
dialog: Nol
text: JOHNNY throws LUCY to the side and rushes towards FRANK
text: and PATRICIA ... FRANK hursies into the CORRIDOR OF LIGHT,
text: dragging PATRICIA with him ...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OF LIGHT ~ WHENEVER
text: WHITE LIGHT swirls around FRANK and PATRICIA ... JOHKWY
text: comes after them up the corridor ... we briefly glimpse
text: the MORGUE ROOM behind JOHNNY before it is obliterated by
text: light.
text: IMAGES OF FRANK'S LIFE sweep by -... His marriage ... his
dialog: daughter ... his childhoed ... his house ...
text: All the while, FRANK is dragging FATRICIA further and
text: further up the corridor, staying out of JOHNWY’S reach. .
dialog: (desperate) are
dialog: Give her to ne! .
text: FRANK reaches the end of the CORRIDOR ... JOHNNY dives at
text: PATRICIA and grabs her in an embrace, pulling her free of
text: FRANK... TWO FIGURES suddenly step in and take hold of
dialog: FRANK ... . :
text: STUART and CYRUS! For the first time they have the
text: ethereal glow of healthy Spirits! FRANK locke at thes in
text: amazement ... They grin.
text: RANK looks alarmed as JOHNNY and PATRICIA start to
text: escape back down the tunnel! FRANK wakes & move towerds
text: them, but is restrained by CYRUS and STUART.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Just step back, Prank ... this
dialog: isn’t going to be pleasant.
text: AT THAT MOMENT ... The white corridor starts to transform
text: eee pinky red tissue spreads and grows, jegged teeth
text: protrude out of the flesh ... The corridor has suddenly
text: becone the ingzide of a demonic carnivorous vorm, trapping
text: JOHNNY and PATRICIA in it’s belly!
text: They screde as the fleshy walls close in around thes,
text: acidic digestive juices flowing over their bodiss, the
text: stomach teeth starting to devour then!
text: FRANK steps back startled, eas the tunnel south slam: shut
text: eee be finds himself looking straight into the face of a
text: huge blind worm! It breaks away, and wriggles down
text: the turbulent night skies, towards the fires of
dialog: belll
dialog: ll0-
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: That’s what I call an E ticket
dialog: ride!!
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Go hone, Prank.
dialog: FRANK is confused ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This is home ...
text: STUART shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: It’s not your tine.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Start living, dude!
text: CYRUS gives FRANK a firm push ... he falls into space,
text: faster and faster ... FRANK tumbles as the LIGHT speeds
dialog: Past him...
dialog: gio
text: CRASH ZOOM ... into FRANK’S corpse. PLASH! FRANK’S eyes
text: flutter ... LUCY is kneeling over FRANK, giving him mouth
text: to mouth resuscitation. He groans and gasps for air ...
text: tears stream down LUCY’S face ... she hugs FRANK.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL MORGUE - NIGHT gis
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - MORNING
dialog: FADE UP ...
text: LOW ANGLE: FRANK'S HOUSE ... lit by the morning sun.
text: A ROAR ... increasing ... CRASH! A BULLDOZER smashes into
text: the wall, splintering timbers!
text: FRANK is standing, watching his house come down ...
speaker_heading: JUDGE (0.8)
dialog: I always said you'd never finish
dialog: that house, Prank!
text: FRANK turng ... THE JUDGE’S upper body is saddled up on
text: RUSTLER ... His LEGS stand nearby.
text: CRASH! ... As a wall collapses.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: T’d call it finished, Judge.
dialog: iil.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This is goodbye, son ... I’m
text: heading out. west with Rustler.
text: FRANK glances at the JUDGE'S LEGS.
speaker_heading: - FRANK
dialog: Ain‘’t you gonna walk?
text: THE JUDGE sadly shakes his head ... lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Me and my vitals have come to a
dialog: parting of the ways ...
text: FRANK nods knowingly ...It is a tender moment of male
text: bonding. THE JUDGE doffs his hat and wheels RUSTLER
text: around, urging him forward.
text: FRANK watches the JUDGE and RUSTLER disappear into the
text: long grass across the road ...
text: Lucy slides her hands around FRANK’S waist yo
dialog: Lacy a 9
dialog: Yhere’s something I have to tetl\\
dialog: you ...
text: FRANK turns and LUCY kisses hiz tenderly.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That’s the same thing you told me
dialog: this morning.
text: e+. They kiss again.
text: SHERIFF PERRY pulls up in his SQUAD CAR ... He hops out.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: Sorry to interrupt, folks ...
dialog: Whadda ya know about Ouija boards,
dialog: Frank?
speaker_heading: . PRANK
dialog: Not a lot, Walt.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY
dialog: We found a whole stack of thes up
dialog: at the Bartlett house ... Looks
dialog: ike Patricia had herself a direct
text: Tine to her dead boyfriend.
text: FRANK nods ... SHERIFF PERRY excuses himself to LUCY and
text: takes FRANK to one side ...
dialog: a4ce
speaker_heading: SHERIFF PERRY (CONT’D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Hey, Frank ... I gotta a lot of
dialog: vacation time owed to me. How
dialog: about you and me collaborate on, a
dialog: book about all ‘this? Could be ‘ny
dialog: ticket outta “he force.
text: FRANK shakes his head. '
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sorry, Walt ... I can’t help.
text: FRANK gestures towards the SQUAD CAR.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: ee. you could try asking your
dialog: Guardian Angel.
text: SHERIFF PERRY spins around with alarm ... his car is
text: empty. After a moments pause, he CHUCKLES...
scene_heading: SHERIFF PERRY ~
dialog: Good one, Frank! Ya really had ne my
dialog: going for a moment! Ha! \G u
text: SHERIFF PERRY hops into his car and guns the éngine.
text: FRANK waves sweetly ...
text: +++ THE GHOST of MILTON DAMMERS stares sourly out of the
text: backseat of SHERIFF PERRY’S car!!i .
dialog: Lucy
dialog: That guy Dammers ... he sure looks
dialog: pissed!
text: FRANK does a double take at LUCY ... she continues
text: staring at the receding COP CAR.
speaker_heading: Lucy {CONT’D)
dialog: Sonetines, Frank, when people go
text: through a trausa, it changes
dialog: : them ...
text: FRANK stares at LUCY, wide eyed ...
text: +. Bhe turns and smiles enignatically ...
dialog: 
