dialog: The Horse Whisperer
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Eric Roth
dialog: Revised by
dialog: Richard LaGravenese
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Erich Roth
dialog: Based on the Novel by Nicholas Evans
dialog: Revised by
dialog: Richard LaGravenese
dialog: Second Draft
speaker_heading: 1/21/97
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: A DREAM:
scene_heading: INT. STABLES; PILGRIM'S STALL - MORNING
text: Sunlit illuminates the darkened stable, highlighting the
text: contours of a magnificent HORSE (PILGRIM) in surreal, dream-
text: like imagery: his legs, his muscles, his sheen, his mane...
text: his eyes. He shakes his head and stamps his feet. He seems
text: confined. Eager to run.
scene_heading: INT. STABLES - MORNING
text: Pilgrim bursts through the stall and runs out the stables
text: into a blinding white morning.
scene_heading: EXT. AN OPEN FIELD LEADING TO WOODS - BRIGHT MORNING
text: Whiteness. Snow and sky without any discernible line between.
text: Camera is POV, as if on the horse, riding through the
text: whiteness. Snow kicks up from the side. We hear the breathing
text: of the horse. As we travel on hills, through trees, we
text: experience of sense of wild, exhilarating freedom.
text: We hear the giggles of a GIRL (GRACE) on the horse. An
dialog: occasional line;
speaker_heading: GRACE (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, fly boy... that's it... go...
dialog: go... go...
text: END OF DREAM as we CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Grace awakens, calmly. Takes a breath. Slides out of bed and
text: stands before a window, overlooking a beautiful Connecticut
text: country house. We see a snow-covered field and distant woods.
text: Grace presses her faces against the cold, frosted window
text: eager to get out.
scene_heading: INT. MACLEAN NEW YORK APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Alarm rings, ANNIE MACLEAN awakens. She shuts the alarm and
text: scoots up in bed. She waits. Seconds later the television
text: across the foot of her bed turns on from a timer -- to a CNN
text: 24 NEWS channel.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY/ANNIE & ROBERT'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Grace, fully dressed except for her boots, tiptoes past a
text: partially opened bedroom door. Her father ROBERT is asleep,
text: alone, on his huge king size bed.
scene_heading: INT. MACLEAN FARMHOUSE KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Grace is putting on her boots on a bench beside a back door.
text: She is wearing her mother's outfit. As she slides the boot
text: on, we see behind her a row of framed photos -- Robert, Grace
text: and Annie in happy times.
text: She slaps a note on the refrigerator, with a magnet -- "Gone
dialog: riding. Back around 10. Love, G."
scene_heading: EXT. MACLEAN FARMHOUSE, BACK ENTRANCE - MORNING
text: Grace slips on her jacket and hat as she comes down the
text: steps, her feet hitting the walk...
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - MORNING
text: Annie's feet hit the ground, running -- her breath showing in
text: the cold air. She passes other joggers with ease. She crosses
text: the street and heads for an elegant CPW building.
scene_heading: INT. MACLEAN'S NEW YORK APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Dressed in running clothes, Annie opens the door and picks up
text: several newspapers that were delivered. She carries them into
text: the kitchen and sets them beside a huge stack of publications,
dialog: magazines, papers, etc... Knowing she must read all of them at
text: some point, she breathes a disgusted sign. She thumbs through
text: the POST as she pours herself a cup of coffee. Something
text: catches her eyes and she snarls:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That little shit!
text: She dials a portable phone and moves through the apartment as
dialog: she talks:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hi Lucy?... Did I wake you?... Have
dialog: you read the Post?... They've got a
dialog: little item about me and Fiske. He's
dialog: saying I fired him and that I faked
dialog: the new circulation figures.. Ha, ha...
dialog: Oh, please... It's the last act of a
text: desperate gnome... Set up a phone call
dialog: with Don Farlow for 9:30...
text: Throughout the phone call, Annie is selecting clothes,
text: turning on the shower, undressing...
scene_heading: EXT. DYER HORSE FARM - MORNING
text: The snow has stopped falling. Grace walks along a hill, hands
text: in pocket. Spread out on the landscape are horses, on a horse
text: farm, standing like statues in the white covered fields.
text: As Grace comes along the hill, we see another GIRL (JUDITH)
text: coming from the opposite direction. She doesn't have Grace's
text: lean elegance but her warm, friendly smile brightens her
text: face. Upon reaching her, Grace returns the smile with a hug.
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: It's warmer than I thought.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You want to go to a movie tonight?
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: I thought your mom's coming up?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (prickly)
dialog: So?
text: Judith immediately senses a problem so she continues casually,
text: as they begin walking away from Camera...
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: My parents are having friends from
dialog: college over. They're really nice...
dialog: They have this gorgeous son who wants
dialog: to be a forest ranger.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Can I come? I'll start a fire...
text: Judith laughs as they continue talking, their voices trailing
text: off, as the girls head for the stables.
scene_heading: INT. STABLES, THE DYER HORSE FARM - MORNING
text: There are several horses in their stalls. Grace and Judith
text: enter, talking, carrying their English saddles. Judith stops
text: at a stall, disappearing into it as she says "Hello?"...,
text: Grace continues to the end stall.
text: Pilgrim (the horse from the dream) stands looking at her.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Hello, beautiful boy.
text: He's a massive figure beside her but she shows no inhibition.
text: She enters, touching his muzzle. He plays with her by nudging
dialog: her back.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Stop... Will you stop!
scene_heading: EXT. DYER HORSE FARM - MORNING
text: They lead their horses, now saddled and ready, from the barn.
text: Pilgrim tosses his head, prancing, playing with the snow.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Show-off.
text: The girls mount the horses and ride off together.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S MAGAZINE OFFICE - MID-MORNING
text: Annie, casually dressed, enters the empty offices of her
text: magazine. She turns on the light, revealing a large row of
text: stalls and glassed in private offices. Everywhere we look, we
text: see indications of the kind of magazine she edits.
text: She strolls to her office -- the largest -- surrounded by
text: windows. The office walls are covered with photos, most of
text: which are COVER STORIES ON ANNIE.
text: (One photo is of Annie's father MARTIN. A BRITISH AMBASSADOR
text: with his young daughter on his lap, her arms affectionately
text: around his neck. Her mother stands right behind them, posing
dialog: like a member of the royal family.)
text: Annie sits and takes a breath. The only photo on her desk is
text: a family portrait, taken when Annie was given the Crystal
text: Award -- Robert, Grace, herself and the Award. She checks her
dialog: watch -- it is almost 9:30.
scene_heading: INT. MACLEAN FARMHOUSE, MASTER BEDROOM/CLOSET - MID-MORNING
text: A WALK-IN CLOSET of the master bedroom; one side is Annie's,
text: one side is Robert's.
text: Robert stands before his bureau in the closet -- he has just
text: showered and is putting on his watch and ring which lay
text: beside his cologne assortment. A FRAMED PHOTO OF HE AND ANNIE
text: in India -- younger, vibrant, in love... when they first met.
text: THE PHONE RINGS. Robert enters into the bedroom to pick up.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hello?
text: INSERT ANNIE: They speak in dulled, emotionless voices:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's me.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hi.
text: Awkward pause.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: So, what, uh, what train are you taking?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I should be in by two.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Okay. You want me to pick you up?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Sure... What's Grace up to?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: Riding with Judith.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm sorry about last night. I shouldn't
dialog: have brought it up over the phone.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That's okay. We have to talk about it
dialog: and we're not always in the same place
dialog: ... so... I just have to get used to it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What do you want to do about dinner?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't know. We'll figure it out.
text: Pause. There is a lot unspoken but understood between them.
text: Annie's other phone line rings. Robert hears it as well.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Okay. We'll see you later then.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah. Bye.
text: Annie picks up the other line and her manner brightens, her
dialog: energy boosts...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: DON! My love, how are you? Did you hear
dialog: about Fiske?... No, suing is too
dialog: civilized. Can't we get your friend at Le
text: Cirque to serve him a fatal piece of
dialog: poached salmon?... Ha, ha... That's even
dialog: better...
scene_heading: EXT. CONNECTICUT COUNTRYSIDE - MORNING
text: Long Shot of the girls riding at an easy pacing, talking all
text: the time. Grace is an elegant rider, quite self-assured for a
text: 13-year-old... We come into the scene at the moment the
text: girls have just shared a secret or a fantasy. Judith is
text: giggling uncontrollably. Grace laughs as she says:
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: ...Oh, come on! You think the same thing!
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: I just could never say it!
text: They stop at the end of the field, facing the woods.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Do you want to go around by the
dialog: old road?
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: Why don't we just cut through the
dialog: woods?
text: Grace nods. They ride into the woods, continuing their talk.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MORNING
text: The girls ride down, along a stand of hickories and poplars
text: to a RIVER. They stop the horses and their conversation, to
text: listen to the sound of the water. Below them, off in the
text: distance, they can just make out a two-lane country road.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You want to go down or stay along
dialog: the river?
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: We already did the river. Let's go down
dialog: and across the old bridge. We can circle
dialog: back.
text: They begin to make their way.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Annie's office is now crowded with a dozen or so employees;
text: sitting on the couch, on the window sills, on the arms of
text: chairs, against the walls... Paper bag emptied of bagels,
text: cream cheese, orange juice, paper plates...
text: Hand Held Camera captures the energy of the room as it
text: follows overlapping lines, laughter, etc... yet, no matter how
text: casual it all seems, Annie is very much at the center of
text: control... We enter the scene of LAUGHTER, as Annie asks
dialog: KEVIN, a feature writer:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ... So what did you say to her?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: I said, thank you very much...
speaker_heading: (LAUGHTER, AD LIBS)
dialog: I really should do the interview... But
dialog: perhaps if you'd like to have dinner...
text: LAUGHTER... Everyone starts Ad Libbing...
speaker_heading: VARIOUS CHARACTERS
dialog: Dinner!!... He's so cute.... Why don't I
dialog: get those kind of interviews?... Look,
dialog: he has husband number eight written on
dialog: his forehead...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: All right, all right, all right... Kevin,
dialog: good job. Write the interview. If I don't
dialog: like it, you may have to sleep with her
dialog: for a follow-up!
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: Now... I'm thinking about another fashion
dialog: designer spread... Who's news out there?
text: Characters shout out designer names and comments as the phone
text: rings and LUCY picks up... speaking amdist the talking...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Hold on.
dialog: (presses hold)
dialog: Gottschalk.
text: The room goes dead quiet, instantly. Then erupts in laughter
text: as everyone realizes it. Annie, however, waves her hand as
text: she takes the phone...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Quiet... Quiet!
text: Everyone obeys. Annie presses SPEAKER PHONE.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: David?
speaker_heading: DAVID GOTTSCHALK (VO)
dialog: Who's there?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Everyone. Working overtime. Just for you.
speaker_heading: DAVID GOTTSCHALK (VO)
dialog: Did you speak to Farlow?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yes. We're suing.
speaker_heading: DAVID GOTTSCHALK (VO)
dialog: Is that absolutely necessary? It'll just
dialog: make it a bigger story.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: David, he signed an agreement that he
dialog: wouldn't talk to the press and he's
dialog: libeled me by saying I faked the figures.
dialog: You're not going soft on me, are you?
text: Silence. Gottschalk doesn't immediately respond. Everyone
text: waits. Covert looks between characters suggest this is
text: interesting -- has Annie over-stepped her bounds with the
text: magazine's owner? Annie waits without a shred of anxiety --
dialog: even though she might have some. Finally:
speaker_heading: DAVID GOTTSCHALK (VO)
dialog: Well, I suppose we could use another
dialog: good public feud...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Exactly...
text: Everyone silently acknowledges Annie guts and influence.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - MORNING
text: It's perfectly still. We are looking down an empty TWO-LANE
text: ROAD covered with fresh snow. We see the girls slowly riding
text: out of the woods, talking. They cross the road and start up
text: into the woods on the other side... They are trying to sing a
text: LIZ PHAIR song, "CHOPSTICKS"
speaker_heading: GRACE/JUDITH
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "I met him at a party and he told me how
dialog: he like to drive me home... He said he
dialog: liked to do it backwards..."
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "... I said it--"
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "... and I said that"...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (stops singing)
dialog: No, wait, it just goes... "he said he
dialog: liked to do-"...
text: Suddenly there's the SOUND OF THE METAL OF JUDITH'S HORSE
text: scraping on some sheer ice hidden under the soft snow. Judith
dialog: notices first...
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: What was --
text: The horse staggers... Judith looks to Grace --
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: Grace!
text: The horse tries to find tracing with his hindfeet, kicking
text: up sprays of snow and ice shards. The horse suddenly falls on
text: the ice and goes down hard on its knees...
speaker_heading: GRACE
speaker_heading: JUDITH!
text: The horse stumbles to get back on its feet, slipping again.
text: Frightened, it rears and Judith, caught off balance, is
text: thrown, her foot catching in the stirrup...
speaker_heading: JUDITH
speaker_heading: GRAAACE!
text: Her horse, unable to find its balance, starts to slide backward
text: down the incline.
speaker_heading: GRACE
text: PILGRIM, COME ON! MOVE!
text: Grace, directly behind Judith, tries to turn Pilgrim to avoid
text: being hit by the errant horse.
text: What follows, we see from Grace's perspective. The details
text: that form the images and sounds of Grace's mind are fast,
text: disembodies, almost surreal as --
text: Judith's horse bulldozes into Pilgrim, taking his legs out
text: from under him, sending both horses careening down the icy
text: slope. Grace hangs onto Pilgrim's neck. Judith, her leg
text: helplessly tangled in the stirrup, is dragged, her head
text: bouncing on the frozen ground.
text: They slide all the way back down to the COUNTRY ROAD. Pilgrim
text: is the first to find his legs and stand. Grace manages to sit
text: up in the saddle. She sees Judith's horse stumbling back onto
text: its feet, one of his legs broken at the ankles, walking in
text: confused circles, dragging Judith -- her face bleeding, her
text: leg hanging from the stirrup.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Jude, you okay?
speaker_heading: JUDITH
dialog: (softly, crying)
dialog: I'm okay... I'm okay.
text: She tries to extricate her leg from the stirrup.
text: Grace sees it before she hears it. A GLINT off of steel. We
text: then hear the rumbling SOUND of a TRUCK coming around the
text: bend... The Girls on their horses in the middle of the road...
text: The Truck, an 18 wheeler carrying logging equipment, comes
text: around the turn... Grace grabs the bridle, trying to get
text: Judith's horse out of the road... The driver, seeing them, lays
text: on the air horn. The Horses bolt at the sound, the bridle
text: slipping out of Grace's hand...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: JUUDE!!!
text: ... The horses turn apart. The Driver starts furiously
text: downshifting, trying to brake... He seems to get it under
text: control when suddenly THE TRUCK SKIDS on some ice. It begins
text: to slide, out of control, the truck bed and the cab jack-
text: knifing. The truck literally plows over the helpless Judith
text: and her horse -- the horse going down on the pavement, Judith
text: disappearing under him. The truck's cab, like a mythic
text: monster, heads right for Grace and Pilgrim... Grace looks
text: right into the Driver's helpless, frightened eyes... Suddenly,
text: Pilgrim rears up at the truck, sending Grace flying, bouncing
text: her off the pavement and under the wheel of the truck.
text: Pilgrim instinctively jumps onto the hood of the truck, his
text: hooves caught between the rear-view mirrors like some
text: grotesque ornament. His head and chest slams into the window,
text: shattering through the glass.
text: And then it is still.
text: The truck has stopped halfway in the road. Judith's horse
text: lies in the road, motionless. Pilgrim, on the truck's hood,
text: his legs splayed, stuck, his head and chest, bleeding. He
text: shrieks, struggling to get to his feet. He manages to free
text: his legs and, stepping off the cab onto the road, walks off,
text: wounded, in pain, into the sanctuary of the woods...
text: The Driver stumbles out of the cab, his head bleeding, in
text: shock. He sits on the ground. All we hear is the sound of the
text: river and the wind in the trees.
text: Grace, halfway under the truck, frozen, stares up at the
text: beautiful morning sky.
text: WE HEAR THE SOUND OF A HELICOPTER...
scene_heading: INT. MACLEAN FARMHOUSE/KITCHEN - LATER MORNING
text: ANGLE ON GRACE'S NOTE on the refrigerator as Robert enters
text: from the outside with two bags of groceries. He places them on
text: the counter near the PHONE MACHINE. He sees ONE MESSAGE is
text: there. He presses PLAY as he puts away the groceries.
text: A BEAT LATER the PHONE RINGS and he picks up, with the machine
dialog: still playing...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hello? Paul, hi -- are you guys back?
dialog: How was it? Oh that sounds great. Oh
dialog: Paul.. hold on...
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: Robert! Are you there?... Robert! It's
dialog: Liz!... Look, there's... there's been
dialog: an accident... Uh... Jesus... uh...
text: As Robert listens, the voice of Liz's on the machine from
text: inside, pulls his attention. On hearing "accident," Robert
text: lowers the receiver, frozen, as he listens to Liz...
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: Robert, just call me on my call phone...
text: 1-917-449-7805...
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - LATE MORNING
text: Pilgrim is hiding in the shadows under an old railroad bridge,
text: standing up to his knees in the river. His chest is cut open,
text: bleeding. His face cut, contorted and swollen. LIZ HAMMOND,
text: the local veterinarian, hides a hypodermic needle in her
text: jacket, quietly walking into the water.
text: A Policeman is going into the water downstream from Pilgrim,
text: whose chest is heaving, blood drips into the water. He
text: watches Liz. She is almost to him when suddenly he bolts,
text: running upstream.
text: The Policeman behind him shouts and waves his arm. Frightened,
text: Pilgrim wheels back toward Liz, who manages to stick the hypo
text: in his neck. He rears, knocking her down, then runs out of
text: the river, the hypo still in his neck. He runs for the
dialog: sanctuary of the woods.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - LATE MORNING
text: Annie sits on a train -- her laptop out, notes beside her,
text: her cellular phone, ever-ready. The train passes through
text: beautiful countryside but Annie is focused on an editorial
dialog: she's writing.
text: The train pulls into a station and stops, causing Annie to
text: take a break and stretch her arms and neck. She looks out the
text: window for the first time and sees:
text: A MAN, his hands in his pockets, waiting on the platform. She
text: watches as the Man holds out his arms to his two young
text: children, who are getting off the train. He picks them up as
text: his wife enters the scene, kissing him and wrapping her arm
text: around his waist. The children talk a mile a minute and the
text: father listens to every word.
text: Annie doesn't even realize she is staring. As they leave the
text: platform, she turns back to her laptop. As the train begins
text: to move again, Annie returns to work.
text: HER CELLULAR PHONE RINGS. She answers.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah?... Hi. I made the 1:00 so...
text: The expression on her face sinks into a stunned panic.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, CONNECTICUT - DAY
text: Annie is running through the corridors, her bags in tow. She
text: sees Robert standing in the corridor talking to a DOCTOR. She
dialog: runs for them.
text: When she appears, Robert and the Doctor stop their
text: conversation. Robert looks to Annie, who is waiting for news.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: WHAT!?
text: Robert is teary eyed, beaten down.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: Judith's dead.
text: Annie's horrified, waiting for news of Grace.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What about Grace?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: She was in pretty bad shape. They've
dialog: done a C.A.T. Scan -- she has some
dialog: hemorrhaging...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: But nothing we can't handle...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Where is she now?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Surgery.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Surgery! For what-?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Annie, her leg was shattered -- what
dialog: they call the distal epi.. epi..
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Distal epicondyle of the femur...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (quietly, crying)
dialog: They have to take the leg off.
text: Annie responds without tears and cries but with a quiet
text: shock. We can tell her mind is racing, trying to process the
dialog: information, until finally she asks:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Which leg?
text: The Doctor and Robert are surprised by the question.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What difference does it make?
text: Annie stares for a beat, then nods apologetically.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Pilgrim is sedated, lying in his own blood in the snow,
text: surrounded by Police and trackers. He is being attended to by
text: LIZ HAMMOND, who is dictating to her assistant:
speaker_heading: LIZ
text: ... His skull, cheek, and nose are
text: severely fractured. He has a deep
dialog: chest wound. I'm not even sure it
dialog: can be closed.
speaker_heading: LOCAL TRACKER
dialog: (deadpan, local accent)
dialog: Animal should be put down -- anybody can
dialog: see that.
text: Liz looks up to him, resentfully, but knows he's right.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Camera moves from Grace's face down her body to Robert's
text: hand, which rubs her good leg. He looks at her lovingly,
text: pushing the hair from her forehead.
text: Annie, needing to do something, tenderly straightens Grace's
text: blankets. It is plain to see where her leg had once been.
text: Robert can't look. Annie, one to face her fears, bravely
text: looks at it head on. She notices the I.V. Bag and rises on:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: That bag's almost empty.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (looking)
dialog: No, it's got a little left. They'll be
dialog: in to change it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (as she exits)
dialog: Robert, you leave it up these people...!
text: Robert is about to respond but Annie is already out the door.
text: We hear the O.S. DIALOGUE as Robert listens.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (O.S.)
dialog: Excuse me, my daughter needs a new
dialog: I.V.
speaker_heading: NURSE (O.S.)
dialog: We have her down, we'll be right in.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (O.S.)
dialog: I'd like it taken care of now please.
text: Annie enters first.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You have to keep on top of these people
dialog: or else they just sit on their --
text: But Robert is ignoring her. Facing Grace, smoothing away her
text: hair. He's giving her the silent treatment. Annie knows this
dialog: means Robert doesn't approve of her dictatorial behavior.
text: Annoyed, she turns away as well.
text: The Nurse enters with a new bag and begins to replace the old
text: one as Robert backs away.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Tch. What are you --
text: Annie, about to respond to his inappropriate politeness, is
text: stopped by Robert, who finally looks at her. It's a powerful
text: look that tells her to calm down and shut up. It's a look
dialog: that, for all of Robert's sensitivity, affects Annie. She
text: gets the message and stays calm.
text: As the nurse leaves, Annie is about to say thank you, but
text: Robert beats her to it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Thank you.
text: Annie and Robert stand facing each other, when the PHONE RINGS.
text: Annie picks up.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: LIZ HAMMOND on a cellular, walking away from the crowd.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Annie, it's Liz. How's Grace?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (journalistic)
dialog: Her leg was shattered so they had to,
dialog: uh... remove it. She had some bleeding
dialog: but it's under control.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Oh God, Annie, I'm so sorry. I... I
dialog: know you're being hit with a low now,
dialog: I don't want to take too much of your
dialog: time but I have to talk to you about
dialog: Pilgrim.
text: Annie hears the name as if it's some distant echo she can't
text: quite identify; Liz speaks quickly as Annie watches Grace
dialog: breathing in her sleep --
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: It's not good. I've never seen an animal
dialog: with these injuries still breathing. I
dialog: know this is difficult to hear right now
dialog: I'd like your permission to put him down.
dialog: It's the really best thing we can do for --
dialog: That was too much information for Annie;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Wait, uh, I, I don't understand. Start
dialog: again -- He's alive...
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Yes, but he's in a tremendous pain...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, of course, right...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: We really shouldn't wait...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Hold on, Liz...
dialog: (to Robert)
dialog: Something about Pilgrim...
text: The Doctor pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Mr. and Mrs. MacLean...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: -- put him down. She says...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (overlapping, to Doctor)
dialog: Yes. Hi.
dialog: (to Annie)
dialog: Tell her you'll call her back.
text: He exits with the Doctor.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Liz, listen, the Doctor's here and I
dialog: just can't, uh... talk now... so --
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I understand, but Annie, please...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: - See, what you can do for him --...
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Annie, no matter what I do, this horse
dialog: will never be the same.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ... I just don't know right now! Do
dialog: whatever you can and when Grace is --
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: It isn't right to make him suffer...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: And I can say the same thing about my
dialog: daughter! But she is suffering! Can you
dialog: solve that problem!
dialog: (Liz is quiet)
dialog: I can't deal with this now, Liz! If you
dialog: need a yes or no right now, then no --
dialog: don't do it! Not until I know Grace is
dialog: all right. Now, please! Just do what you
dialog: can. Okay?
dialog: (softer)
dialog: Please.
text: Liz is stopped by Annie's almost pleading tone.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: All right...
text: They hang up. Annie takes a breath. Robert re-enters.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: Nothing new. He's just going off duty.
dialog: Beat. Silence.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm going to get all the nurses'
dialog: names... It's good to know all their
dialog: names.
text: Robert nods. But neither of them moves. They stand motionless
text: for a beat, then Annie begins to break down and eases herself
text: into Robert's arms.
text: Robert embraces her, kissing her head, with an almost fatherly
text: comfort. His expression tells us it's the moment he's been
dialog: expecting... and wanting. Now she'll be all right, in his arms.
dialog: Whatever distance between them, whatever problems felt
dialog: insurmountable last night on the phone, are now, for the moment
dialog: -- for Robert -- gone.
text: But Annie's expression tells us something different. Her
dialog: instinct to hold him was honest... but the effect isn't the
text: same anymore. Something doesn't feel right. Something isn't
text: working anymore about his comforting embrace.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I should go get some of her things.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No, let me go.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (gently pushing away)
dialog: No, I'll go. You stay... In case she
text: wakes up.
scene_heading: INT. THE UNIVERSITY ANIMAL HOSPITAL, RECOVERY STALLS - NIGHT
text: A line of recovery stalls with various sick and hurt animals.
text: Liz, exhausted asleep, on a chair outside a stall. There's a
text: slight scratching sound. A hoof against the stall. It gets
text: louder, awakening Liz. She gets up and looks inside the
dialog: paddled stall:
text: Pilgrim is lying in the stall, heavily bandaged. He is waking
text: up. His first instinct is to kick at the paddled stall walls.
text: He looks at Liz, his eyes filled with madness -- enraged to
dialog: still be alive.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S BEDROOM IN FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Annie opens the door and enters, flicking on the light.
text: Camera is on her back, as she places a small suitcase on the
text: bed and opens it. She begins her task with cool efficiency.
text: Opening drawers and closets, assessing what should be taken,
dialog: what isn't necessary.
text: Suddenly, she stops. She feels disoriented for a moment. She
dialog: can't remember the last time she was inside this room. She
text: takes a moment to pause and actually look around.
text: In the light, we now see more of Grace's inner sanctum. Horse
text: riding prize ribbons in various colors adorn the walls.
text: Books. A girl's bureau cluttered with teenage possession
text: ranging from childhood toys to items that suggest a reaching
text: towards adulthood. Annie examines some items, affectionately.
text: A GOOD LUCK CHARM from India sits among her things. Annie
text: takes it to pack in the suitcase.
text: She notices a framed 8X10 of Grace sitting proudly atop
text: Pilgrim with Judith at her heel. She then notices the edge of
text: another picture behind this one, in the frame. She pulls the
text: Pilgrim photo out to reveal: An old 8X10 of Annie hugging
text: Grace as a toddler. With her back to Camera, Annie remembers:
speaker_heading: MEMORY:
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S ROOM - A DAY REMEMBERED
text: Annie is playing with toddler Grace. Chasing her around the
text: room. Picking her and tossing her onto a small, toddler bed.
text: Blowing into her stomach. Grace is laughing uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: END OF MEMORY
text: Annie slides the Pilgrim picture back into the frame, then
text: returns to her task of packing.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie enters. No one else is there. She places the suitcase
text: on a chair and opens it. She takes out the INDIAN LUCKY CHARM
text: and some horse books, and places them on her bedside table.
text: She takes care to prop up the Lucky Charm.
text: She wets a cloth with some water from a pitcher and gently
text: wipes Grace's sweaty brow... INSERT VISUAL FLASHBACK HERE,
text: instead of in Country House.
text: Annie then continues unpacking the suitcase. She opens
text: Grace's closet and sees a hospital bag filled with Grace's
text: clothes at the time of the accident. Annie examines them and
text: discovers they are hers. Annie shoves the clothes into a bag
text: and starts unpacking.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CAFETERIA - PRE-DAWN
text: The Clock is ticking on the wall. The cafeteria is empty
text: except for one tired Intern, drinking coffee on a break.
text: Robert and Annie are having a cup of coffee. In the silence,
dialog: they search for things to say. Until:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I saw Judith's parents while you were
dialog: at the apartment...
dialog: (Annie listens)
dialog: I wanted to say something...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I... I was so relieved that Grace
dialog: was still... that it wasn't our daughter.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: We're very lucky.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (nods)
text: The funeral's on Friday.
text: He rises and crosses to the self-help coffee dispenser as he
dialog: continues...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Oh, uh, I meant to tell you... Alex
dialog: brought that fabric over...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: It's on the table by the phone. I didn't
dialog: know what to tell him...
dialog: (returns to table, sits)
dialog: ... Whether or not we were...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... if we still we're thinking of redoing
dialog: the couch.
text: Annie just nods. She senses Robert is looking for some kind
text: of reassurance, but she can't give it to him. He continues;
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: ... And uh... Mario called about moving
dialog: the wisteria?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh. Right. I'll call him.
text: Pause. Annie looks at her husband as he stares off to the
text: side, deep in his thoughts. She can sense he's sinking as he
text: fidgets with the napkins. She remembers:
speaker_heading: MEMORY:
scene_heading: INT. A SMALLER APARTMENT, KITCHEN - A NIGHT REMEMBERED
text: A younger Annie stands in a bathrobe, noticeably pregnant,
text: cooking at a stove -- reading instructions from a propped up
text: cookbook. FRANK SINATRA IS BLASTING as she sings along, in
dialog: full voice, without inhibitions;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: "SHE'S LOVES THE THEATRE BUT NEVER COMES
text: LATE... SHE NEVER BOTHERS WITH PEOPLE SHE
text: HATES... THAT'S WHY THE LADY IS A TRAMP!..."
text: A younger Robert, wearing a suit, arrives home from work. Seeing
text: her, he smiles affectionately. He puts down his briefcase and
text: bursts into his own playful Sinatra impersonation:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: "She loves the free..."
text: Startled, Annie turns around and smiles:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (sexily undoing his tie)
text: "... FRESH, WIND IN HER HAIR... LIFE
text: WITHOUT CARE... SHE'S BROKE... BUT
dialog: IT'S 'OK'...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (a la fan)
dialog: Sing it to me, Frankie!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (a la Sinatra cool)
dialog: How's my pregnant chick!
text: She moves to him and they embrace... He wraps his arms around
text: her. They kiss. Annie laughs.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You can hardly get your arms around me.
dialog: How depressing. You're so early.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I had to excuse myself from a meeting.
dialog: It's ridiculous. I kept thinking about
dialog: the baby... you... and, I swear, I was
dialog: going to start bawling right into my
dialog: briefs.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (loving it)
dialog: Aw... that's so sweet.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Do you? Do you really?
text: They turn to each other and kiss.
scene_heading: END OF MEMORY.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CAFETERIA - PRE-DAWN
text: Annie and Robert sit silently at the table in an empty hospital
text: cafeteria, a lifetime later.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAYBREAK
text: The room's lights are dimmed. Dawn is being to break through.
text: Grace, slowly, opens her eyes coming out of sedation. She
text: takes a moment to figure out where she is... to remember.
text: She uses her hands to hoist herself up, but she's unsteady
text: and knocks into her bedside table -- knocking the Good Luck
text: Charm from India off the table. It rolls under the bed, with
text: a water tumbler. Grace never sees the Charm.
text: Grace looks where her leg once was. She feels the blanket,
text: the empty space where her leg once was... just like her mother
dialog: did (did her father couldn't). Instead of self-pity, she's
text: oddly fascinated.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S HOSPITAL ROOM - LATER THAT DAY
text: Daylight pours in. Robert and Annie enter. Robert, loaded
text: with gifts, immediately crosses to Grace, on the side of her
text: good leg. Annie takes her position beside the lost leg.
dialog: Robert kisses his daughter;
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hi, sweetheart...
text: Annie's hand finds Grace's hand, and holds one of her fingers
text: tightly. Grace responds by wrapping her hand around her
text: mother's. They exchange a look of respect and gratitude.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Have you heard from Judith's parents?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No, not yet.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: How's Pilgrim doing?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: Liz is taking care of him.
dialog: (to change the subject)
dialog: The doctor said the sooner you start
dialog: therapy the better the chances are you
dialog: can --
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I can't even get out of bed yet! You're
dialog: already putting me in therapy!!
text: Annie, slightly hurt, drops it as Robert takes over:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: The doctor said whenever you're ready.
dialog: Take your time. You tell us... But he
dialog: thinks it'll only be a few months, then --
text: As Robert continues talking, Annie drifts to the Nurse.
text: Needing to manage something, she asks:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did you get her fresh towels?
scene_heading: SOME TIME LATER:
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK WEST APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: A limousine drives up as the Doorman gets the car door. The
text: weather is slightly warmer. People's clothing looks as if
text: spring is coming nearer.
text: Annie exits first, carrying a jacket for Grace. She is
text: followed by Robert, who immediately turns to help Grace. We
dialog: hear her O.S.
speaker_heading: GRACE (O.S.)
dialog: Dad! I can do it, OK?!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: OK, OK.
text: Annie shoots him a disapproving look.
text: We see Grace's good leg exit first... then two crutches,
text: followed by... a PROSTHETIC LEG. Grace scoots into view, and
text: takes a breath.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You all go ahead. I'll be up by
dialog: Christmas.
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL PARK WEST APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The three sit at a dinner table, eating dinner. Grace picks
text: at her food. Robert can't help staring at her. Annie eats,
text: watching them both.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Do you want something else, honey?
dialog: We order something else?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: No, I'm just not that hungry.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Why don't you go lie down?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I don't want to lie down. I've been
dialog: lying down enough.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You want to watch some television?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (edgy)
dialog: Maybe... look -- just...
text: Robert and Annie wait. She doesn't continue. She rises,
text: reaching for her crutches. Robert moves to help.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I got it! I got it!
text: She exits into her room. Annie looks at him disapprovingly.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE AND ROBERT'S BATHROOM/BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie and Robert stand before their separate sinks, talking
text: to each other through their separate mirrors, as they wash up
dialog: for bed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You've got to stop doing that?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Doing what?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Helping all the time! Running to her
dialog: every time she trips or falls...
text: Anticipating her all the time.
text: Robert shuts off his sink and dries his face, without a word.
text: He exits into the bedroom, and gets into bed. For a beat, he
text: stares up at the ceiling -- then says quite plainly.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You know, Annie, this didn't just happen
dialog: to you.
text: Annie is applying moisturizer when she hears this. As it
text: sinks in, she doesn't like it.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Grace stands by her door and can hear her parents muffled,
text: tense voices. Annie is angry at his complacency. Robert just
text: wants what's best for Grace. She closes the door. Silence.
text: She puts her crutches against the wall and tries to walk
text: towards her bureau without them. It is a struggle, but she
text: does... almost falling, but grabbing the bureau just in time.
text: The 8X10 of her and Pilgrim, falls face down. She props it up
text: and looks at it -- focusing on her horse, then on Judith.
text: Suddenly, she lashes out, knocking the photograph onto the
dialog: floor...
speaker_heading: ROBERT (O.S.)
dialog: Honey, you all right? Did something
dialog: fall?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (angrily shouts)
dialog: NO!
scene_heading: EXT. GRACE'S PRIVATE SCHOOL - MORNING
text: Annie pulls up in a Range Rover and stops. Grace moves for
text: the door. Annie asks respectfully;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Do you want any help?
text: Grace doesn't even bother to answer. She manages to get onto
text: the pavements, then turns for her bag...
text: Annie notices other kids looking at Grace from behind, as they
text: enter the school.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Dad'll pick you up today, all right?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Okay.
text: Grace looks up to her mother. What is unspoken between them
dialog: is the understanding that today will be difficult and there's
dialog: nothing either one can do about it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You'll be fine.
text: Grace nods and turns to the school. Annie watches her go.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S SCHOOL - MORNING
text: Grace makes her way through the hall. It is the first time
text: she has had to maneuver through a crowd. Some of the younger
text: children are especially unconscious. Grace sweats her way
text: through, trying to maintain her balance and her sanity.
text: As Grace slowly moves along, whatever small faith she had
text: that she could get through this day, begins to diminish.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Annie moves about the office, hands in pocket, in front of
text: her wall of windows. LUCY and her staff sitting around the
text: office. Annie is speaking to a YOUNG WOMAN staff member;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't care what he told you! The
dialog: man's a liar! The man's an actor, for
dialog: Christ's sake. They're all liars!
dialog: They'll say anything to get a cover...
text: The Young Woman looks insulted. AN ASSISTANT comes in to give
dialog: Annie a note;
scene_heading: EXT. GRACE'S SCHOOL - DAY
text: Annie is crossing an empty school yard. Grace is sitting on
text: the ground, her back against a wall, her "legs" in front of
text: her. She has been crying. She looks up to her mother.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It's too hard.
text: Annie kneels before her sympathetically brushing her hair away:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, honey... What happened?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Doesn't matter. I... I don't want to
dialog: come back, that's all.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Oh. Well, what are you going to do? You
dialog: have to go to school, honey. I mean, what --
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: I'm not coming back! That's it! I want to
dialog: go home!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace, listen to me. Your body is just
dialog: healing. You have to give the rest of you
dialog: time as well...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Is that your version of a pep talk?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You are not staying home all day feeling
dialog: sorry for yourself. You're going to get
dialog: up and you're going to figure this out.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (snotty)
dialog: Fine!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's still early. What's your next class?
text: With secret delight, Grace viciously utters the word:
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Gym!
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE AND ROBERT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie is at her desk studying Grace's book on Horse Whisperers.
text: Robert is on his bed with briefs laid out before him.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT
text: The door is closed. A SONG blares on her stereo. Grace is in
text: her bed watching a video of her and Pilgrim... riding at a
text: horse show. There's a shot of Annie standing proudly,
text: watching her ride. Another shot of her and Judith, both of
text: them on their horses, waving to camera.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT
text: Grace enters.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Dad?
text: Both Robert and Annie look up.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What, sweetheart?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want to see Pilgrim.
text: Robert and Annie exchange an anxious look.
scene_heading: EXT. DYER HORSE FARM, CONNECTICUT - DAY
text: It's raining. The MacLean car is parked by the barn. They
text: are walking towards the stables under their umbrellas as Liz
text: runs to greet them.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Hello...
dialog: (to Grace)
dialog: It's so good to see you. How ya
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: She's doing just grea. Aren't you
dialog: kiddo?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'm fine.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Well, come on. He's out back now...
dialog: (leads them)
dialog: Mind how you go. It's pretty muddy back
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Why is he in the back? Why isn't he in
dialog: the barn with the other horses?
text: Liz stops, causing everyone to stop. She turns to face Grace,
text: realizing she doesn't know. She looks at Robert and Annie,
text: accusingly. She tries to explain:
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Well, Grace, you see... Pilgrim just...
dialog: isn't the same horse he used to be.
dialog: (to the parents)
dialog: As a matter of fact, maybe now's not
dialog: the best time to --
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I really want to see him.
text: Liz looks at Annie. Annie nods. Liz leads them on.
text: They reach a row of empty old stalls. They cross to one of
text: the stalls -- its doors are closed. Liz draws back the bolt
text: on top half of the door.
text: There is an immediate explosion of sound inside the stall,
text: the sound of fear, startling them. Then it's still. Liz
text: slowly opens the door. Grace, with the aide of her cane,
text: walks to the stall. She hesitates, then looks in. It takes a
text: moment for her eyes to grow accustomed to the dark. She sees
text: Pilgrim with his head down in the shadows...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Hello, beautiful boy...
text: He lifts his head at the sound of her voice. Grace, and the
text: audience, see him for the first time -- His mad eyes, his
dialog: terrible disfigurement...
text: Grace cries out, stepping backwards, nearly stumbling in the
text: mud... What is left of her horse are gone. Annie realizes
text: what's happened and, together with Robert, rush to her... They
text: too see the monster Pilgrim has become and are horrified.
text: Grace angrily pushes away from them and "runs" off. Robert
text: goes after her.
text: Annie is standing in the rain with Liz -- her eyes unable to
text: move away from the sight of Pilgrim.
speaker_heading: LIZ (O.S.)
dialog: You should have told her, Annie. I
dialog: tried to explain to you how bad it was...
dialog: I guess you had to see it. But, there's
dialog: nothing to be done. This animal's beyond
dialog: help. Annie, can I have your permission
dialog: now to put him down?
text: Annie stands in the rain, hands in pocket, fixed on Pilgrim
dialog: and more determined than ever;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK WEST APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Alone in her study, Annie sits before her computer searching
dialog: the Internet for information on HORSES -- Veterinarian
dialog: Journals, Therapies, Accidents, Eistories... We sense she's
dialog: been at it a while...
text: She locates an ITEM TITLE -- HORSE WHISPERERS. Interested, she
text: brings it up on the screen.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Annie sits in the huge reading room, books spread out before
text: her, under a green reading lamp. Her voice tells us what she's
dialog: reading:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: "It was in America that horses first
dialog: roamed..."
text: In the books, we see pictures, lithographs, paintings and
dialog: drawings...
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: "A million years before the birth of
text: man, they grazed the vast empty plains of
dialog: grass and crossed to other continents
dialog: over bridges of rocks... They first knew
dialog: man as the hunted knows the hunter, for
dialog: long before man saw horses as a means to
dialog: killing other beasts, man killed them for
dialog: meat..."
scene_heading: ANNIE'S V.O. CONTINUES OVER;
scene_heading: INT. PILGRIM'S STALL - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: "...The alliance with man would forever
dialog: be fragile -- for the fear he'd struck
dialog: into their hearts was too deep to be
dialog: dislodged... Since that Neolithic moment
dialog: when a horse was first haltered, there
dialog: were those among men who understood
dialog: this..."
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Grace sits alone in her darkened room, staring out the window
text: but not looking at anything. There's a discomforting distance
text: in her expression.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: "... They could see into the creature's
dialog: soul and soothe the wounds they found
dialog: there..."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A FAIRGROUNDS PARKING LOT, CALIFORNIA - DAY
text: A hot, dusty fairgrounds horse arena. The worn wooden bleachers,
text: crowded. Lines of cars and pick-up trucks.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: "...For secrets uttered softly into
dialog: troubled ears, these men were known as
dialog: The Whisperers..."
text: One particular pick-up truck has its back door opened. A
text: MAN'S LEG is sticking out, putting on a pair of boots.
text: A moment later the Man gets out of the car. Holding a cowboy
dialog: hat, he has a certain quality, a self-respect, that men who
text: know themselves seem to have. TOM BOOKER.
text: A weathered redheaded woman named RONA -- late forties, strong,
text: wiry horsewoman's build -- is walking towards him.
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: Hey, darlin'.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey, Rona. Sorry I'm late.
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: I wouldn't know what to do if you were
dialog: on time.
text: They walk together towards the fairgrounds.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're looking fit.
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: Fit? You want to check my teeth.
dialog: (Tom laughs)
dialog: Good crowd today. I think you'll have
dialog: some fun. You going to stay for dinner?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: If it's not too much trouble, I thought
dialog: I might.
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Kind of trouble I'm in the mood for.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh-oh... Maybe I better get back in the
dialog: truck.
text: Rona lets out a hearty laugh as they enter the horse arena.
scene_heading: EXT. HORSE ARENA, CALIFORNIA - DAY
text: Inside the corral, a small black thoroughbred is being worked
text: by Tom. As he rides and narrates into a radio microphone to
dialog: the crowd, we sense this is a man of good humor and great
dialog: skill -- guileless, sensible, of the earth.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ... It's always kind of interesting to
dialog: hear the horse's side of the story...
text: The crowd laughs warmly. He directs his comments to a WOMAN
text: wearing an expensive Ralph Lauren western outfit, standing
text: outside the corral...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Now if he was cranky or lazy, like you
dialog: say he is, we'd be seeing his tail
text: twitching there and his ears back,
dialog: maybe. But this isn't a cranky horse,
dialog: it's a scared horse. You see how braced
text: he is up around the neck back there.
dialog: He just doesn't know which way to turn...
text: The Woman nods. Tom turns the horse on a dime so that he
dialog: always stays facing the circling thoroughbred...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You see how he keeps pointing his
dialog: hindquarters in at me? Well, I'd guess
text: the reason he seems reluctant to move
text: out is because when he does, he gets in
dialog: trouble for it.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: He's not good at transitions, you know?
dialog: When I want him to move from a trot to a
dialog: lope, say...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Well, I'm sure that's what you think but
dialog: that's not what I'm seeing. You may think
dialog: you're asking for a lope, but your body
text: may be saying something else altogether.
dialog: You might be putting too many conditions
dialog: on him. For instance, you might be saying
dialog: "GO, but, hey, don't go too fast." He can
dialog: tell that from the way you feel. Your
dialog: body can't lie. You ever give him a kick
dialog: to make him move out?
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: He won't go unless I do.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: And then he goes and you feel like he's
dialog: going too fast, so you yank him back?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: And next thing you know, he's bucking.
dialog: (she nods again)
dialog: Well, if someone told you to go, stop,
dialog: go, stop -- you'd buck too.
text: The people laugh. The Woman smiles self-consciously.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's a dance, see... Somebody has to lead
dialog: and somebody has to follow.
text: Tom gracefully moves his horse around the ring, "dancing". He
text: then takes up a long coiled rope and throws it so that the
text: coils slap against the black horse's flank, making it burst
text: into a lope. And again... Making the animal go from a trot to
text: a lope, letting it slow, then up to a lope again.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I want him to get so he can leave real
text: soft. He's getting the idea now. He's
text: not all braced up and tense like he was
text: at the start. He's finding out it's okay.
text: He throws the rope again and this time the transition to the
dialog: lope is a smooth one.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You see that? He's getting better
dialog: already. Pretty soon, if you work at
dialog: it, you'll be able to make all these
dialog: transitions easy on a loose rein.
dialog: (sotto voce, wry)
dialog: Yeah, and pigs'll fly.
dialog: (to Woman)
dialog: He's going to be okay -- so long as you
dialog: don't go yanking on him.
text: She nods, but he can see she's upset, feeling foolish. He
text: walks the horse over to her, turns off the microphone and
dialog: speaks sympathetically:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Look, the truth is it's all about self-
dialog: preservation. These animals.
dialog: (with great affection)
dialog: ... well, they just have such big hearts,
dialog: you know? There's nothing they want more
dialog: than to do what you want them to do. But
dialog: when the messages get all confused, the
dialog: only thing they know to do is try and
dialog: save themselves... Now, why don't you go
dialog: saddle up and see what happens.
text: Feeling better, and not a little attracted to his heartfelt
text: man's man, the Woman smiles and reaches for his hand to climb
text: over the rail. Her horse lets her come right up to him and
text: stroke his neck. Tom comments;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: They won't ever hold a thing against
dialog: you. They're the most forgiving
dialog: creatures God ever made.
text: Turning on his mike and turning back to the crowd, he says:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay, who's next?
text: A Young Boy leads a mule into the ring. Tom smiles:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Now God has another idea entirely with
text: the mule.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FAIRGROUNDS - LATER THAT DAY
text: Tom has finished his "show." People are shaking his hand,
text: thanking him, as he walks away from the corral, towards a
dialog: trailer.
text: The Woman in the Ralph Lauren approaches:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: He faces the Woman:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hi. I'm Dale. I just wanted to -- I can't
dialog: get over the way he felt under me after
dialog: you'd finish with him. Everything had
dialog: just, I don't know, freed up or something.
text: The Woman is flirting. Tom shrugs, uncomfortably;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, that'll happen.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Where did you learn all this stuff?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What stuff is that?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: About horses? I'd love to learn more
dialog: about it myself. Do you offer any
dialog: private lessons for riders?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (getting the message)
dialog: Well... Dale... you know, a lot of this
dialog: stuff... it just... nuts and bolts.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, if the rider's nuts, the horse
dialog: bolts.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: That's the whole lesson right there.
dialog: You have a good day now... Just... keep
dialog: on freeing yourself up.
text: He leaves her, entering the trailer.
scene_heading: INT. RONA'S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: A small, well-used trailer. Tom and Rona are finishing dinner
text: like comfortable old friends. Rona rises, taking the plates
text: into the kitchen and starts rinsing them:
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: Oh I clear forget. You had a call from
dialog: some woman in New York. She sounded
dialog: pretty wound up.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't any woman in New York. But from
dialog: what I hear, most of them are wound up.
speaker_heading: RONA
text: The number's by the phone.
text: He nods but doesn't move. He just looks at Rona and smiles.
dialog: She's a good woman. But Tom hopes she doesn't want anymore
text: than what they have together. Rona notices him looking and
dialog: smiles:
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: What are you looking at, young man?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: How long were you married?
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: Long enough.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You ever miss it?
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: Does a horse miss a saddle?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sometimes.
text: She chuckles, shuts the water off and crosses back to him,
text: sitting beside him.
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: Well as a matter of fact, I don't... most
dialog: of the time.
text: She starts unbuttoning his shirt.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You know, Rona, we weren't all that good
dialog: together even when we were good together.
speaker_heading: RONA
dialog: Honey... I was always good.
text: Tom smiles as Rona leans in. They kiss.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S OFFICE, N.Y.C. - MORNING
text: Annie is looking over a magazine cover with Lucy and her staffers.
text: She is unhappy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You know it's perfectly shot, it's
dialog: perfectly cropped, it's perfectly laid
dialog: out and I'm so bloody bored, I'd rather
dialog: buy a Motor Racing magazine -- Start
dialog: over.
text: Some general whines and groans as her assistant hands her a
dialog: note.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Uh, would you all excuse me a moment?
text: She waits for them to leave as she sits before the phone. One
dialog: of her lines is lit:
scene_heading: EXT. A ROADSIDE SERVICE STATION SOMEWHERE IN UTAH - DAY
text: An endless sky. An empty ribbon of two-lane highway in Utah.
text: A small roadside station. Tom's pick-up truck, his horse
text: trailer hitched to it, getting gas.
text: Tom is on the pay phone. We hear Annie's voice:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (O.S.)
dialog: This is Annie MacLean.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah. Hello. This is Tom Booker. I got a
dialog: message you called.
text: INTERCUT ANNIE in her office:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (efficient, expeditiously)
dialog: Oh! Yes. Thank you for calling back. Uh,
dialog: all right, let me try to explain my
dialog: situation as briefly as possible... You
dialog: see, my daughter had an accident with
dialog: her horse... They were both injured and
dialog: she, my daughter, she hasn't been able
dialog: to... fully... uh... It was an extremely
dialog: traumatic experience... and uh...
text: Tom, sensing her turmoil, listening compassionately.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I went on the Internet and found this
dialog: article about you... It says you're a Horse
dialog: Whisperer, that you... you help people
dialog: with horse problems. And you have quite a
dialog: success rate when it comes to traumatized --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, see, truth is, ma'am, I help horses
dialog: with people's problems.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, you know, however you want to put
dialog: it -- I got your information from the
dialog: publisher of the article. I called
dialog: Montana and your sister-in-law, I think,
dialog: gave me this number.
dialog: (trying to be charming)
dialog: I'm been hot on your trail you could say
dialog: because I was hoping you'd consider
text: coming to New York and taking a look at
dialog: my daughter's horse and possibly --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ma'am, I'm very sorry about your problems
dialog: and I appreciate what your daughter must
dialog: be going through, but I'm afraid you've
dialog: misunderstood whatever it is you read. I
dialog: don't do that sort of thing.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, if you could just come for the day.
dialog: New York's only a few hours by plane,
dialog: I'd have you home by dinner...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Look, even if it was nearer, that's just
dialog: not what I do. I give clinics. And I'm
dialog: not even doing them for a while. I'm
dialog: heading back to Montana right now. I got
dialog: a ranch to take care of...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (interrupts, abruptly)
dialog: I'll pay you for your fare. I'll send you
dialog: to Montana first class.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (getting impatient)
dialog: Ma'am, first class to Montana is a waste
dialog: of good money. Now, am I being too polite
dialog: here or when I say NO in Utah, does that
dialog: mean YES in New York City?
text: Annie is taken aback. Tom feels badly.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I, I don't mean to sound insensitive. I
dialog: understand your situation. But there's
dialog: nothing I can do. You just called the
dialog: wrong person, that's all. I hear there
dialog: are a bunch of therapists in New York.
dialog: Maybe you should call one of them.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mr. Booker, if I could just ex --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I am very sorry, ma'am. Goodbye now.
text: He hangs up before Annie can continue.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie reaches for Grace's bedroom door, then pauses. She
text: realizes she should knock. She does and whispers:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace?
dialog: (knocks again)
dialog: Grace, it's mom.
text: Annie slowly opens the door. She finds Grace's bed empty. She
text: looks over to the window to find Grace sitting in a chair, in
text: the dark, looking out the window.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace. What are you doing?
text: Not looking up, Grace speaks in a hollow voice.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I can't find that charm Daddy gave me
dialog: from India.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I brought it to you in the hospital.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: No, you didn't.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace, I put it on the table near your --
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (apathetic)
dialog: Doesn't matter.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Have you decided about Pilgrim?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well... how you feel all right about
dialog: telling Liz to put him down...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I think we should. It's not fair to let
dialog: him suffer. He's not much use anymore.
dialog: He'd hate living like that.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think that's... very compassionate
dialog: and... mature way of looking at it.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Maybe they should put me down too.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I mean, I'm not much use anymore. Why
dialog: can't they be compassionate to me?
text: What frightens Annie most is the calm and apathy in Grace's
text: voice. She's surrendering... Annie, for the first time in a
text: long time, feels she's losing control.
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL PARK WEST APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Annie sits alone at the kitchen table, nursing a glass of
dialog: wine.
text: Robert enters and sits opposite her, wearing a tuxedo -- his
text: tie and collar undone.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How was the dinner?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (wry)
dialog: All our "favorite" people were there
dialog: saying all their "favorite" things about
dialog: their "favorite" subjects. I thought to
dialog: myself, we've been friends with these
dialog: people almost twenty years and nobody
dialog: knows anybody. We're so afraid we won't
dialog: like each other and have nobody go to
dialog: dinners with.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Why did you go?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: They're still our friends, Annie. It's
dialog: nothing serious. You kid about them all
dialog: the time... And I could tell Paul really
dialog: appreciated me being there.
text: He drinks Annie's wine as she looks at him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Did you get a hold of that horse guy?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No.
text: Robert nods. Accepting. Silence. Annie sips her wine. Then:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I was thinking... Maybe we should think
dialog: about the three of us going someplace
dialog: warm... Remember that house we rented in
dialog: Bermuda... The pink one with the --
text: His arm accidentally spills the wine.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Shit.
text: As he bends down to wipe it up with a napkin, Annie watches
text: Robert clean the spill. Something about his movements, his
text: posture -- a sense of weakness, of surrendering, of not having
dialog: the inclination to fight, of just accepting and smoothing
text: over the rough sports -- strikes her hard. Annie realizes the
text: love she feels for Robert isn't fading. It's gone.
text: He finishes cleaning and sits.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What was I saying?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: About us going someplace warm...
dialog: Someplace Grace'll have to wear shorts
dialog: or bathing suits or summer dresses...
text: Robert looks at her and realizes it's a bad idea. He nods,
text: again, getting the message. Silence. In that silence, Annie
text: looks at him... and makes a decision:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Robert, I want to take Pilgrim out to Mr.
dialog: Booker. Drive him out to Montana... With
dialog: Grace.
text: Robert is confused... and a little worried.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I don't understand. You just said he
dialog: said no.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He did, but... I think I can change his
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: That's the craziest thing I ever heard.
dialog: Absolutely not.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: Robert, Grace isn't adjusting to school.
dialog: And she can't sit in this apartment all
dialog: day... I think it would be good for her.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (at a loss)
dialog: NO! What are you -- you're serious about
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I've called Liz. They can set me up with
dialog: a trailer for Pilgrim. I thought we'd
dialog: stay at motels along the way...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: You've already made arrangements!?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No. I was just researching. Calm down.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I come home and you tell me we're going
dialog: to drive a psychotic horse to Montana! I
dialog: can't just pick up and leave...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm not asking you to. I'll do it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You want to do this by yourself? How?
dialog: You can't take care of Pilgrim all the --
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He'll be sedated. I know horses, Robert.
dialog: I'm the one who taught Grace how to ride.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: What... Bo-... What about the magazine?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm in charge. I went back very soon
dialog: after the accident. They didn't expect me
dialog: for a couple of months. I'll just take
dialog: that time now... I can still oversee
dialog: things from Montana... Take my fax...
dialog: My computer...
dialog: Beat. Robert fears this is about the marriage. Yet --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No. It's, uh... No, I really don't think
dialog: it's a good idea
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Why?!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (searching)
dialog: Her psychiatrist... said... she needs
dialog: security now... stability...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I can't say he's been all that effective
dialog: with her.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Are you a psychiatrist? He said it takes
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't care what he says! We have to do
dialog: something, Robert! I can't sit here and
dialog: trust everything's going to work out just
dialog: by pretending it will.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm not pretending anything!
text: Beat. Robert just stares at her. He looks concerned... almost
text: worried. Annie gets uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
dialog: It is very difficult for Robert to say;
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I thought... well, ever since the
dialog: accident, I just thought we...
text: He stops. Annie knows where he headed and prays to God he
text: doesn't continue. He doesn't. A thick silence hangs between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I really wish I could understand why
dialog: you think this is so necessary.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Robert, we're losing her. We're losing
dialog: her.
dialog: (he listens)
dialog: I don't care what the doctors say. The
dialog: truth is, they don't know anymore than
dialog: we do -- less, when it comes to Grace...
dialog: This may not sound sensible or... logical,
dialog: but nobody's suggesting anything better.
dialog: I can't explain it, Robert. I just have
dialog: this feeling... this annoying... bloody
dialog: feeling that if... if, somehow, Pilgrim
dialog: can be made all right... then so can Grace.
dialog: I just know it!
text: Robert can feel the strength of her will. He can find no way
dialog: around it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: What if she doesn't want to go?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: She will if you think she should.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: And you think it's best if I don't come.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: No, that's not what I said. I'm not a
dialog: dictator. If you feel you should come,
dialog: then come. Just do whatever you think
dialog: is right.
text: At some moment, they realize Grace is standing at the entrance
text: to the kitchen. They are surprised.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'm not going! I don't care what she
dialog: says!
text: Annie lowers her head. Robert stares at Grace as she walks to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Daddy?... I don't want to go.
text: Grace stands next to Robert. He holds her hands. Annie looks
text: at him, without sympathy. Robert looks back. In his face is
text: the total acceptance of what must be. As well as the sadness
text: of it's inevitability. He looks back at his daughter, whose
text: eyes have never left him.
scene_heading: EXT. JOAN DYER STABLE - DAY
text: Pilgrim is being loaded into the trailer by four strong stable
text: men, violently kicking and pulling all the way.
text: Annie watches with anxiety -- an almost giddy Liz by her side.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Maybe we should give him another
dialog: sedative.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Problem is, there aren't many
dialog: volunteers. He's already had enough
dialog: to sink a battleship. You have a
dialog: pin, just in case?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: LIZ
dialog: Probably best. You may want to shoot
dialog: yourself half way to Ohio.
text: In the back seat of ANNIE'S SUBURBAN sits Grace -- her back to
text: the action. Hearing Pilgrim's struggle. Putting her walkman
text: on her ears and raising the volume... We hear --
text: GRACE'S MUSIC, ON THE SOUNDTRACK, bringing us to:
scene_heading: EXT. A HIGHWAY, IN PENNSYLVANIA - DAY
text: Annie's Suburban drives along Route 80, pulling the horse
text: trailer behind.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - DAY
text: Grace, in the back seat, wearing her headphones, listening to
text: her music (maybe LIZ PHAIR OR HOLLY COLE). Detached. Non-
text: committal. As trucks pass by, their time slapping the pavement,
text: she reacts and turns to the other window.
text: Annie, in sunglasses, shifts her attention between the road
text: and her rear-view mirror -- checking on Grace.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY IN - EARLY MORNING
text: The Suburban drives as the sun begins to set.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL IN OHIO - NIGHT
text: The Suburban and Horse Trailer are parked in the lot.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM, OHIO - NIGHT
text: A small furnished motel room with two twin beds.
text: Grace sits up in bed watching TV, with no expression. A sitcom
text: with canned laughter serves as a hypnotic drug.
text: Annie enters from the bathroom, after showering, drying her
text: hair. Grace doesn't bother to look up.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You want to take your bath?
dialog: (Grace shakes her head)
dialog: We have to get up early tomorrow. You
dialog: may not have enough time to --
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Fine -- I'll take my bath.
text: She begins moving off the bed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, I don't mean you have to. It's just
dialog: that we may not have enough --
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: -- enough time tomorrow. I know.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Look, if you want to take it in the
dialog: morning, that's fine.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (interrupts on "fine")
dialog: I don't care.
text: Annie realizes she may have pushed too hard, but she also
text: realizes there's no talking to Grace now. So, she achieves
dialog: her goal --
speaker_heading: JANNIE
dialog: Take it now.
text: Grace hobbles off the bed, enters the bathroom and shuts the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM IN OHIO - NIGHT
text: The lights are off. Annie lays in bed, wide awake. It is the
text: middle of the night.
text: Grace, asleep in the other bed, begins whimpering. She's
text: having a bad dream. Annie rises -- considering whether or not
text: to intercede... Finally, Grace begins to cry out... softly at
text: first, but with increasing intensity until she awakens in
text: fear... Annie appears right by her side.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What, sweetheart? What?
text: Shaken, Grace cannot fight how much she needs her mother at
text: that moment. She wraps her arms around her, tightly, and tries
text: to catch her breath.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: It's sleeping in a strange bed,
dialog: that's all. Happens sometimes. It's
dialog: Ok. It's OK.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER ROAD, MID-WEST - DAY
text: The Suburban continues its journey.
text: Once again -- Annie, in the front, and Grace, in the rear,
text: drive without a word between them.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - DAY
text: Grace and Annie occupy their same positions. Annie is on the
text: car phone with her office.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay, listen -- let's do this. When
dialog: I get to the next motel, I'll see if
dialog: they have a fax. If not, I'll call
dialog: you tomorrow to --
text: Annie continues O.S. when we hear a shifting, a rocking in
text: the trailer behind them. As if Pilgrim made a sudden move.
text: Grace quickly turns her head. Annie looks in the rear view at
dialog: Grace.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Uh Lucy, look, I have to go. OK...
dialog: Later.
text: Annie hangs up and smiles at Grace through the mirror. Grace
text: reaches for her walkman and headphones. Annie offers;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace! GRACE!
text: Grace lowers one side of her headphones;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Would you like to put your music on
dialog: up here?
text: Grace shrugs. Annie shrugs it off as well. Grace replaces the
text: headphone. Annie turns on the radio -- nothing but country or
text: gospel or religious talk shows... She shuts it off. Frustrated,
text: Annie looks up ahead and sees:
text: A TRUCK STOP DINER
text: Annie yells to be heard through the headphones;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: IT'S ALMOST LUNCHTIME. ARE YOU
dialog: HUNGRY!?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Whatever you want.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Fine!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Fine.
text: Annoyed, Annie pulls onto the gravel and stops, talking to
dialog: herself --
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Fine!
text: She exits the car, banging the door. As she walks acrund the
text: car to help Grace, she talks to herself in a sarcastic whisper:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: "Whatever you want!" Well, this is what
dialog: I want. I want to eat lunch and I want
dialog: to smoke a cigarette and I want to keep
dialog: talking to myself for the next two
dialog: thousand fucking miles..."!
text: She opens Grace's door. Grace senses her mother's anger.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK STOP DINER - DAY
text: Annie and Grace enter. They look around:
text: Formica floors, truckers in caps and beer bellies stuffed
text: into booths or at the counter. There is not a single space
dialog: available.
text: Annie and Grace stand near the entrance. Another Trucker
text: enters and they step aside, huddled together in this foreign
dialog: land.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL IN IOWA - NIGHT
text: Grace and Annie enter the room to find A DOUBLE BED instead
text: of two twins. Neither comments.
text: Annie exits O.S., carrying the bags inside, as she says:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You should call your dad before it
dialog: gets too late.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I already did.
dialog: (Annie's surprised)
dialog: This morning. When you went running.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh. You didn't tell me.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I didn't know I had to.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: (stares angrily, speaks
dialog: softly)
dialog: You don't.
text: Silence. Annie exits past her to the car.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Grace is asleep in her twin bed. Once again, Annie is wide
text: awake. The clock reads: 4:55 AM. But Annie can not sleep.
text: Camera moves away from Annie, past her side of the bed, to
text: the other side of the room.
text: WE SEE THE SHADOW OF A WOMAN coming towards the bed. She
text: comes in camera angle and we follow to her back to the bed,
dialog: which has now transformed into --
text: A BED FROM THE PAST, IN WHICH A TEN-YEAR-OLD ANNIE IS
text: SLEEPING WITH HER YOUNGER BROTHER GEORGE.
text: WE ARE IN MEMORY.
text: The Woman gently shakes little Annie awaken.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Annie... Annie, sweetheart... wake
dialog: up.
text: The little girl, with sleep in her eyes, turns and sees her.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Bad news I'm afraid. Your Daddy's
dialog: gone.
scene_heading: END OF MEMORY.
text: Annie, in present time next to Grace, thinks of this as she
text: stays awake. Putting her jogging parka on over her nightgown,
text: she goes outside.
scene_heading: EXT. IOWA MOTEL - NIGHT
text: She crosses the motel parking lot to the horse trailer. She
text: looks in through the siding at Pilgrim, checking on him. She
text: sees he is caught his halter on the side of the van. She
text: crosses to the trailer door, hesitates, then opens it.
text: Pilgrim looks at her. Gathering her courage, she climbs
text: inside. He is still, looking at her. She carefully frees his
text: halter. And suddenly he bares his teeth, biting at her. She
text: stumbles back out of the trailer, slamming the door shut. She
text: stands leaning against the trailer -- wondering if she's out
dialog: of her mind for attempting this.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. IOWA MOTEL - LATER THAT SAME MORNING
text: Annie is returning from her jog, sweating. As she crosses to
text: her motel room, she stops by the window, looking in to see:
text: Grace, on the floor, straining to do her exercises.
text: Annie fills with compassion for her girl -- reminded of the
text: struggle she faces everyday.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BADLANDS - DAY
text: In the distance, the Suburban and horse trailer look like a
text: dot on the horizon, moving across the Badlands.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUBURBAN - ANOTHER TIME, DUSK
text: Grace leans against the window in the back, in one of her
text: darker moods. Annie switches radio stations, from Bible
text: thumping to Farm reports. She shuts it off. Silence.
text: She sees a ROAD SIGH: "LITTLE BIGHORN NATIONAL MONUMENT".
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace, look!
text: Grace reads the sign.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Would you like to see that?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: I don't care.
text: Annie's comic mimicking, throws Grace off center.
text: Annie turns off onto the exit. They drive by a massive casino
text: -- it's neon sign flickering. They drive up a hill past a cafe,
text: two Indians in high crowned Cowboy hats standing outside of
text: the cafe. She drives up a hill towards the parking lot of the
dialog: Monument...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: This'll be nice. We haven't seen any
dialog: of the sights yet. It's history. When
dialog: I was thirteen I used to love seeing
dialog: things like this.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You were never thirteen, Mom.
text: Annie laughs, taking it as a joke. Grace almost smiles.
text: But, Annie drives up to sign only to find a CLOSED SIGN. The
text: park was closed at six. Annie stops the car. She's hit a
text: brick wall once more. Silence. Finally, Grace speaks with her
dialog: usual sarcasm;
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Great idea. So now what?
text: Beat. Annie's patience snaps;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How long is this going to go on?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You know what I mean?
dialog: (turns to the back seat)
dialog: Is this it now? Is this the way we're
dialog: going to be from now on?
text: Ignoring her, Grace edges to the passenger side and exits the
text: car. Annie gets out of the driver's side and walks around as
dialog: she speaks:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Do you want us to turn around and go
dialog: back home? Do you?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What are you asking me for? You didn't
dialog: ask me if I wanted to come in the first
dialog: place -- now I get to decide? Forget it!
text: She begins to turn away. Annie grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Who do you think I'm doing this for?
dialog: I'm doing this for you!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bullshit! It's about you! About you
dialog: deciding! About you always being
dialog: right! You always getting everything
dialog: your way, controlling everybody --
dialog: like we work for you or something!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't believe this!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You just want to get away from Daddy
dialog: and you're using me to do it!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That's not true! Whatever problems your
dialog: father and I are having, have nothing
dialog: to do with this.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You're amazing! You act like I don't
dialog: live in that house! Don't you think I
dialog: hear the two of you!? Don't you think
dialog: I can tell what's going on? I'm not
dialog: five years old, Mom!
dialog: (Annie is stopped)
dialog: You want to divorce Daddy and Daddy
dialog: doesn't want to.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did he tell you that?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: He doesn't have to! It's, like, so
dialog: obvious you can't stand him.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That's not true!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Then why do you want to leave?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's... it's not that simple to explain.
dialog: I know you think it is, but it's not.
dialog: The truth is, I don't really know what
dialog: I want to do. I don't have all the
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: No, you just act like you do.
text: Annie is choked with fury. She doesn't know whether to
text: scream, cry or strangle Grace. She turns away and begins
text: walking quickly, blindly, up past a grove of trees. She comes
text: to a CEMETERY enclosed by a black railing. At the crest of
dialog: the hill there's a stone monument "The Little Bighorn
dialog: Cemetery."
text: In the growing darkness, she sees, scattered on the hillsides
text: below her, white tombstones. A place of sorrow. A cool breeze
text: ruffles her coat and she sticks her hands in her pockets.
text: Frustrated, alone, at a complete loss as to what to do, what
text: action to take -- Annie, for the first time in frozen,
text: standing still -- and with her, comes a rush of emotion.
text: She sits with her back against the monument and begins to
dialog: weep. For Grace, for Robert, herself, for the tombstones, for
dialog: everyone.
text: A FLASHLIGHT shines on her face. It is a PARK RANGER.
speaker_heading: PARK RANGER
dialog: You okay, ma'am?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (wipes face)
dialog: Yes. Fine.
speaker_heading: PARK RANGER
dialog: That young lady is getting a little
dialog: worried.
text: Annie realizes she left Grace alone as it got darker.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm sorry...
text: Annie rises and is escorted back to the Suburban by the
text: Ranger. She sees:
text: Grace is sitting in the front seat now, waiting for her --
text: like a little girl lost.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Annie gets into the driver's seat. Buckles up. Grace holds
text: back tears.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You buckled up?
dialog: (Grace nods)
dialog: You cold?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Little.
text: Annie reaches into the back seat and pulls a blanket out,
text: handing it to Grace, making sure it covers her. Grace turns
text: towards the window and closes her eyes. Annie starts the car.
scene_heading: EXT. MONTANA, BACK ROAD - MORNING
text: C.U. on Pilgrim's head in the trailer as we PULL BACK to
text: reveal the Suburban coming down an empty, seemingly infinite
text: stretch of two-lane road in Montana.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - MORNING
text: Annie and Grace, both in front seats, eating doughnuts and
text: coffee. They stop.
text: POV -- Through the windshield is an endless sky and a rolling
dialog: sea of land.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Gee, this looks like a fun place.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Don't they believe in signs here?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What would they say? "Ten miles to big
dialog: rock." "Twenty miles to bigger rock."
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: There was supposed to be a turn off.
dialog: Did I miss it?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I didn't see it.
text: Their Suburban is the only vehicle on what seems like miles
text: of road. Annie sighs and puts the Suburban in drive.
scene_heading: EXT. PETERSON'S MOTEL & STABLES, RED FORK MONTANA - DAY
text: The Suburban and the horse trailer, pulls into Peterson's -- a
text: collection of motel cottage adjacent to an expanse of land
text: that includes stable, corral, a main house and various riding
text: trails into the mountains.
text: Mr. Peterson runs out from the main house to greet Annie as
text: she gets out of the car.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN, ON ANOTHER MONTANA BACK ROAD - LATER THAT DAY
text: Annie, showered and changed, is trying to follow Mr.
dialog: Peterson's directions to Tom's ranch -- written on Peterson
text: motel stationary. She is lost once again.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ... after left, stay on main road until
dialog: rise, then...
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: What bloody rise?!? What main road!?
text: She stops the Suburban (no longer carrying the trailer).
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER MONTANA BACK ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: From outside the Suburban, we see, but cannot hear, Annie
text: hitting the steering and cursing in frustration.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Annie, panting, looks ahead and sees nothing but empty space,
text: above and below -- as if the earth and sky met with nothing in
dialog: between.
text: She sighs and starts the car again. As she moves forward, she
text: senses an almost indistinguishable rise in the road -- as we
text: follow her POV up the road through the windshield to reveal:
text: POV -- A BREATHTAKING VALLEY just beyond the rise, hidden
text: from view only a few yards before. THE DOUBLE DIVIDE RANCH
text: sits nestled in the valley, a few miles away. Annie is
dialog: impressed.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DOUBLE DIVIDE RANGE - DAY
text: Men are working in the corral, saddle horses standing nearby,
text: trying to get a sick calf to suckle a cow. One of the men is
text: Tom Booker, working along side his brother FRANK, and his
text: nephew, JOE. Frank is a good man -- solid work ethic,
text: Christian fearing, wry sense of humor. With the build of a
text: football player, his strength never overwhelms his boyish,
text: good-natured heart. Joe is eleven, wearing his cowboy hat
text: like a badge of honor. The three men seem as inseparable to
text: each other, as they are to the land. As they work:
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Can we take a look at Bronty's foal
dialog: when we're done here, Dad?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sure. As long as she don't mind.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: There's a kid at school says we
dialog: should've imprint-trained him.
text: Tom and Frank don't say anything. Just nod, knowingly.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: He says if you do it soon as they're
dialog: born, it makes them real easy to handle
dialog: later on.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's what some folks say.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: There was this thing on the TV about a
dialog: guy who does it with geese. He has this
dialog: airplane and these baby geese all grow
text: up thinking it's their mom, and he flies
text: it and they just follow.
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: You hear 'bout that, Uncle T?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah, I hear about that.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Well, what do you think about that
dialog: stuff?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, Joe, I'll tell ya -- I don't know
dialog: a whole lot about geese. Maybe it's okay
dialog: for them to grow up thinking they're
dialog: airplanes. But horses, as far as I can
dialog: tell, can't fly.
text: Frank laughs. Joe smirks as Tom messes his hat up. There's the
text: sound of a car. They turn.
text: The Suburban is coming over the ridge, heading down the
text: driveway in a cloud of dust.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: We expecting company?
text: Frank shakes his head. As the Suburban slows down, Tom
text: recognizes the driver.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You know her?
text: Annie, out of her element, hiding behind sunglasses, gets out
text: as Tom approaches her by himself. Annie girds herself for the
dialog: confrontation.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hello, Mr. Booker. Annie MacLean. From
dialog: New York. We talked on the phone.
text: She extends her hand. TOM shakes it, nodding, staring at her
dialog: curiously.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's, uh... beautiful country. I had a
dialog: little bit of a hard time finding the
text: place. There are no signs.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Plenty of signs -- just none of them
dialog: printed. Who do I get the idea you're
dialog: not just passing through!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well... OK... here it is... Uh... I'd
dialog: like you to take a look at my horse.
dialog: Now -- it won't take long and if, after
dialog: that, you still don't feel...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Were you thinking of personally driving
dialog: me back East?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh no. She's here. I brought him along.
dialog: And my daughter, too. We're staying at
dialog: Peterson's...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You mean you hauled him all the way out
dialog: here? Just like that?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (slightly taken aback)
dialog: Well... yes... I had a trailer. It's not
text: like I made him run along side of the car.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: All by yourself?
text: She nods. Tom cannot help be impressed by her guts and fortitude.
text: Camera cuts away for a moment to a window in the ranch house,
text: through which DIANE -- Frank's fiery, loyal pioneer wife --
text: looks at the duo with suspicion.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I uh... ha, ha... I don't think I ever
dialog: met a lady quite like yourself and I
dialog: appreciate all the pains you've gone
dialog: through to --
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Look! Please! Don't do the "shucks,
dialog: ma'am" thing again!
dialog: (Tom, surprised, listens)
dialog: I've driven a few thousand miles for a
dialog: few minutes of your time. I've brought
dialog: him here -- to your neck of the...
dialog: (seeing no woods)
dialog: -- mountains. Just take a look at him.
dialog: If you still feel the same way, I'll
dialog: be on the road by morning and you'll
dialog: never see me again. OK? Deal?
text: Tom tries to hide a smile of respect. Annie, thinking she may
text: have him, starts backing away towards her car -- as one would
dialog: a dangerous animal they think they might have tamed...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: We're at Peterson's. Whenever you're
dialog: free. You don't even have to call.
text: She gets into the Suburban. Tom watches her drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNIE AND GRACE'S COTTAGE - DAY
text: Tom walks up some wooden steps to a door and knocks. He hears
text: a TV on inside. And Grace's Voice:
speaker_heading: GRACE (O.S.)
dialog: MOM! The door!
text: He hears Annie's muffled reply from O.S. He hears some banging
text: as Grace fumbles for her crutch and comes to the door. She
text: opens it only so far as to reveal her upper body:
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Uh, I'm Tom Booker. Your mother
dialog: around?
text: Grace hops to the side as Tom walks by her, into the room.
text: Grace is closing the door as he turns to see, for the first
dialog: time, that Grace is one leg.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: She'll be right out. She's on the
dialog: phone.
text: Grace hops back to the bed in front of the TV. Tom nods and
text: puts his hat down -- noticing the prosthetic leaning against
text: the window, near her bed. He hears Annie on the phone and
text: looks to the other room, the door ajar -- seeing only her
text: legs, seated on the edge of her bed, as she talks. Her foot
text: taps impatiently.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: First time in Montana?
text: Grace, rudely nods, still looking at the TV.
text: Beat. Tom doesn't like her manner, but can easily see through
text: it. He sits.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: She gonna be long?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Probably. She's on the phone twenty-
dialog: three hours a day.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What does she do?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: She's an editor.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: Mmm. An editor.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Not like books or literature or anything.
dialog: Just a magazine... Just in case she
dialog: hasn't told you -- which I'm sure she
dialog: hasn't -- I don't want to be a part of
dialog: this, OK?
text: Tom just sort of nods. A beat or two later, Annie enters.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Sorry about that. Hi. Grace, this is
dialog: Mr. Booker... Have you looked at
dialog: Pilgrim?
text: Tom sees Grace turn away, just as Annie enters. He takes a
text: moment. He could say no right there, but something stops him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Uh, no. I was gonna take a look now.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You want us to come with you? I just
dialog: have to run to the main house and give
dialog: Mr. Peterson a check.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace?... Grace, you want to come with
dialog: us, take a look at Pilgrim?
text: Grace keeps looking at the TV. No reply. Tom is half way out
text: the door when he says to Annie -- making sure Grace can hear --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Probably best she stays behind, anyway.
text: He disappears. Annie gives Grace a final look and exits, closing the door.
text: Alone, Grace flings her body across the bed, reaching for her
text: prosthetic -- putting it on feverishly. She is completely
text: intrigued by Tom.
scene_heading: EXT. PETERSON'S STABLES - DAY
text: Tom stands alone at the stable. Opening the bottom door,
text: ducking under the stall, he goes inside.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay now... Okay now...
text: Walking towards him, Tom raises his hand, showing Pilgrim a
text: sign of respect, of trust... He quietly makes his way along
text: Pilgrim's side, along his flank, prompting Pilgrim to move
text: out from the shadows, into the light. Tom moves to look at
text: him. And Pilgrim suddenly kicks out at him. Tom, not cowed,
text: stands his ground. He bends, looking at Pilgrim's withered
text: legs. He looks up at his scarred head. He looks into the
text: pools of the horse's tortured eyes. Pilgrim stands still --
dialog: allowing Tom this brief intimacy.
text: As Grace walks towards the stable, she realizes that the door
text: is open and Tom must be inside. She is amazed.
text: Annie, appearing behind her, is also impressed.
text: Tom exits the stable and sees them, as he closes the doors.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well... You're closest anyone's
dialog: gotten.
text: He walks straight towards them -- veering more to Grace. He
text: stops in front of her and they look into each other's eyes --
text: in a way that reminds us of how Tom looked at Pilgrim.
text: Except, Grace is made even more uncomfortable by the intimacy.
text: She turns away and walks to the corral, to lean on a post --
text: as if she doesn't care. Tom turns to Annie.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I have to be honest. I still feel
dialog: you made a long trip for nothing.
text: He looks at Annie. Annie has no more words -- just an ever-
text: present pleading in her face.
text: Tom watches as Grace makes a small, naked movement -- putting
text: her hand on her cheek, like a hurt child.
text: He can't help but see these three being connected by one wound.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: But before I even think about it, I
dialog: need to know something here and now.
dialog: It's a question for Grace here.
text: Grace stiffens.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: When I work with a horse, it's no good
dialog: just me doing it. It doesn't work that
dialog: way. The owner needs to be involved too.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, that'll be a little complicated --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You can make it as complicated or as
dialog: easy as you like. But she's the one
dialog: who's gonna be riding him, am I right?
dialog: So here's the deal. I'm not sure I can
dialog: do anything, but I'm prepared to give
dialog: it a go --
dialog: (to Grace)
dialog: -- if you'll help.
dialog: (Grace gives a bitter laugh)
dialog: You have a problem with that?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Isn't it like, obvious?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not to me. Either you want to or you
dialog: don't.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Look, I'll talk to Grace and call you
dialog: later--
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Excuse me, with all due respect, but
dialog: this is her decision, not yours. And I
dialog: don't want to waste anybody's time --
dialog: mostly mine.
text: Grace reacts anew to Tom's remark. She likes her mother being
text: dis-empowered. Annie keenly understands the importance of Tom
text: putting it this way to Grace. Grace has all eyes on her --
text: just what she wants. All waiting for her response. She turns
text: away, flicks her head and says:
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Well, there's nothing else to do around
dialog: here.
text: Annie smiles in relief. But Tom isn't satisfied.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not good enough. I can't help you.
text: He starts walking away. Annie doesn't know what to do. Grace
text: mumbles.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What do I have to do?
text: Tom keeps walking out... Grace says it louder.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I said, what do I have to do?!
text: Tom stops and looks at her. Annie holds her breath.
scene_heading: INT. THE RANCH HOUSE, DOUBLE DIVIDE - NIGHT
text: Frank, Tom, Joe and TOM TWIN BOYS, 6 years old, sit at a dining
text: table eating dinner, as Diane serves. We parachute into the
text: middle of the conversation:
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: ... well, I just think she's got a lot
dialog: of nerve showing up here. Draggin' that
dialog: child and that poor animal all the way...
dialog: (TO ONE OF THE TWINS)
dialog: You eat with those fingers again and you
dialog: know what'll happen!
dialog: (the boy cowers)
dialog: Frank, don't you think she's got a nerve?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh hell, I don't know... According to Tom,
dialog: she's a pretty determined woman. Must've
dialog: thought it was worth it.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (sits down)
dialog: I guess they'll want feeding and all, out
dialog: here all day long.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't believe they'll expect that.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: What, they ain't going forty miles into
dialog: Choteau everytime they want a hamburger.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mixed salad.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (slyly)
dialog: I believe women from New York eat mixed
dialog: salads. Ain't that right, Tom?
text: Tom hides a grin -- he knows Frank into teasing her now.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I believe so. Saw it on a television
dialog: show, once.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Well, that's just what we need on a cattle
dialog: ranch -- a vegetarian from New York.
dialog: Everyone eats. Beat.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: When you figure on branding?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Weekend after next...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: If the weather holds.
text: Frank nods. Silence again. Everyone eats. Beat.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: What's an editor do anyway?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (playing)
dialog: We're not sure, sweetheart, but they
dialog: eat like rabbits.
text: Tom and Frank chuckle. Diane smiles -- in on the joke with
text: them. The children are curiously confused.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE AND GRACE'S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Camera moves to reveal Annie on the phone in front of her
text: computer and fax... plugging in extension cords as she talks:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ... the phone company's putting in extra
dialog: lines. I'll call back with the numbers.
dialog: Oh, and I want you to get in touch with
dialog: this lady in town here -- they say she's
dialog: sort of a physical therapist for the
dialog: rodeo boys but keep the one at the
dialog: hospital we already contacted on call...
text: Grace sits alone in the living room. Watching TV, but anxious
text: and disturbed about what she's committed herself to.
scene_heading: INT. DOUBLE DIVIDE KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT
text: Diane is in her bathrobe doing bills at the kitchen table, as
text: she listens to a BOOK OF TAPE. Her hand on her forehead, her
text: other hand writing. Tom enters to take his hat off the
text: sideboard. He moves to the table and reaches over for a
text: cookie from a plate of cookies. Without looking up, Diane
text: slaps his hand. Tom then pours himself a cup of coffee... then
text: swiftly sneaks his hand back and grabs a cookie. Diane smiles.
text: Tom exits.
text: It is only then that Diane looks up after him.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER FLOOR OF RANCH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Camera follows Tom towards his bedroom -- passing the others.
text: Perhaps we see Frank sprawled out asleep already in his
text: underwear. We might see the Twins in their bunks. One of the
text: Twins' lower torso is laying outside of the blanket. He
text: casually flips the blanket over the kid's bare feet and
text: continues to his room.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Tom enters and closes the door. Turns on a stereo which plays
text: a cello piece by Yo-Yo Ma. Books fills his room. He sits at
text: his desk, puts on eye glasses and looks through some paperwork.
text: Suddenly he stops, looking over the paperwork, into space. A
dialog: thought passes by. We don't know what.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: EXT. THE RANCH, A CORRAL - DAYBREAK
text: First light of day. Pilgrim stands stock still in the middle
text: of the corral. Tom, motionless, is crouched on his haunches
text: in the corral -- watching him.
text: TOM'S POV: As Pilgrim moves, he can see that the horse is
dialog: stove up.
text: He softly tosses a handful of dirt at Pilgrim's withered
text: legs... Pilgrim, sensitive to the slightest provocation,
text: bucks, wheeling away from him. Then stops. Tom sits on his
text: haunches again... and watches him.
text: Frank appears, exiting from the barn (perhaps).
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tom?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah.
text: Tom leaves Pilgrim, hooking up with Frank -- the two brothers
text: go off, discussing the ranch work that is ahead of them.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE RANCH - ANOTHER DAY
text: Annie and Grace arrive in the Suburban. They exit. As they
text: head towards the ranch, they see in the distance:
text: Pilgrim standing along the fence of a round pen. Tom stands
text: in the pen, holding a rope, looking at Pilgrim.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROUND PEN - DAY
text: Tom stands in the pen with Pilgrim. He looks to see Annie and
text: Grace approaching but makes no acknowledgement. He turns his
text: focus back to Pilgrim.
text: Annie and Grace appear. Grace takes a position (that is to
text: become her regular spot) a distance away from the pen. Annie
text: moves in closer, beside SMOKEY (a ranch hand) with one leg
text: up on the pen fence.
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: Howdy...
dialog: (sees Grace)
dialog: Howdy.
text: He and Annie watch as Tom stands before Pilgrim -- turning
text: sideways... then standing...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What's he doing?
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
text: Trying to get his eye.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How's it going?
text: Smokey doesn't respond -- how it's going is exactly how it
text: looks. Tom takes a few steps, stops and stands still again. We
dialog: sense the process is long and requires great patience.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROUND PEN - DAY
text: Two hours later. Grace is in the same spot. Smokey is gone,
text: doing his work. Annie has taken a different position, looking
text: over SEVERAL PAGES OF FAXES on her lap.
text: Tom is still standing in the pen trying to get Pilgrim's eyes.
text: Joe has joined the proceedings, sitting on the pen rail.
text: Tom deftly throws a hoolihan, gently lassoing Pilgrim around
text: the neck. And Pilgrim, at the touch of the rope, crazed,
text: resists, pulling back, striking at the rope... The rope
text: cutting into Tom's hands. Tom gives him some slack, giving
text: his head, letting him relax... then gently heads him by the
text: rope, walking him around the pen, getting his feet to moving.
text: Grace's eyes never leave Tom.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE - DAY
text: Tom, off in the distance -- against a sky that seems to be
text: touching the land -- is riding along a creek. Closer up, we
text: see he's rustling the bushes with a stick. Some stray cows
text: run out of the bushes. Tom races after them. His horse
text: shepherds the cow across the creek and up a hillside.
text: At the top of the hill, with the ranch spread out endlessly
text: before him, Tom sees Frank on his horse, chasing strays. Tom
text: whistles. Frank waves back. In the near distance, a pickup
text: truck is parked on the range.
text: Joe and the TWINS are throwing food pellets out of the back
text: of the truck. Cattle come from across the range for the food.
text: What begins as a handful of cows becomes dozens, then
text: hundreds -- the truck virtually disappearing among them.
text: Tom stops for a moment to look out at his ranch. Far off in
text: the distance, he sees Annie's Suburban coming along the road
text: to the ranch. He watches as Annie's distant figure gets out
text: of the car with Grace. Annie instinctively turns and looks
text: across the land. Even though there is such a distance,
text: there's a sense Tom and Annie are looking at each other.
text: Tom senses Joe driving Frank's truck, slowly moving off the
text: range -- the Twins in the back, the cattle following. Tom sits
text: on his horse atop the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DOUBLE DIVIDE - ANOTHER DAY
text: Pilgrim, his scarred head above water, legs moving in odd
text: sycopation, swimming. We discover he is in a pond, tethered
text: to a pole... Except for the sound of his legs in the water,
text: everything is quiet and focused on Pilgrim.
text: SMOKEY, holds the pole, walking on the outside of the pond,
text: leading Pilgrim back and forth as he swims. Tom, crouched by
text: the pond, silently concentrating on Pilgrim...
text: Grace watches, off by herself... Annie stands beside Joe. She
text: can't help but be intrigued by the sight. She asks Joe;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I though horses were afraid of
dialog: water?
text: Joe doesn't answer her. Grace likes that. Annie, frustrated,
text: feels she has the right to simple shout out to Tom.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Is that to get his strength back?
text: Tom pays her no mind -- concentrating on Pilgrim.
text: Suddenly, Annie's CELL PHONE rings, jarring the proceedings.
text: Tom turns to Annie. She hides her embarrassment by answering
text: it, walking away. Tom gives her a look. Grace is loving this.
text: Tom turns back to Pilgrim. After a few moments --
text: Tom, taking the rope tether, unhooks it from the pole. He
text: starts to lead Pilgrim out of the water. Pilgrim, fearful,
text: fights him. He rears, splashing Tom, not wanting to come out
text: of the water. Grace is worried. She looks to Joe and sees he
text: is concerned too, though he stands quietly.
text: Annie hears the commotion from where she stands and finishes
text: her call to return to the pond.
text: Tom enters the pond, waist deep in water, trying to grab
text: Pilgrim's rope. Pilgrim rises up, rearing at him. Joe and
text: Smokey, sensing danger, come closer to the pond. Annie
text: appears beside Grace and watches as Tom reaches for the rope
text: again. Pilgrim rears again. Tom stumbles backwards from his
text: hooves. Annie gasps. Grace turns to walk away from the pond.
text: She can't watch -- it brings back too much. But as she does,
text: she is stopped by the sight of --
text: Tom, righting himself, unphased, calmly walks back to Pilgrim.
text: The horse, baffled by this man's lack of fear, lets him take
text: the rope and walk him out of the pond.
text: Grace can't help but be impressed. Joe nods. Annie is shaken.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mr. Booker, I'm not at all comfortable
dialog: with you taking those kinds of chances...
text: As Tom leads Pilgrim out, the horse suddenly whirls, bolting,
dialog: knocking Tom down...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, God!
text: Pilgrim runs off, pulling the wet rope behind him. Joe runs
text: over and grabs for the rope.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: NO... LET HIM GO!
text: Joe obeys. Pilgrim runs past the corral and down into a hill
text: out onto a pasture, He keeps on running into the distance --
text: running across the pasture, not knowing where he is going...
text: Tom, arms folded across his chest, watches him run. A
text: concerned Annie approaches.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: She's running away! How are you going
dialog: to get him back?
text: Tom doesn't respond. He walks off down the hill out onto the
text: pasture, stops, arms folded and watches Pilgrim. Annie turns
text: when she hears Smokey, who appears behind her:
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: He don't really want to run. Don't
dialog: know where he's going. All this open
text: space scares the daylight out of him.
text: Confused, Pilgrim stops running and walks, in no particular
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: SMOKEY
dialog: My guess is he's spent his life in a
dialog: six-by-eight stall... He's forgot what
dialog: it's like to be a horse...
text: Smokey ambles off and she turns back to see Tom crouching on
text: his haunches, sitting in the grass, just waiting. Pilgrim
text: walks back towards the ranch, stops a distance from Tom,
text: looks at him... Annie, needing to know exactly what's going
text: on, crosses down the hill to him.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: So what now? Should we leave?
text: Tom continues watching Pilgrim. Annie looks at him, sitting
text: there motionless and feels like an idiot. Clearly she doesn't
dialog: understand all this and clearly no one thinks this is the
dialog: time to explain to her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, we're going to go then...
text: Without looking at her, Tom just nods. Annie, awkwardly,
text: walks back up the hill to where Grace is...
text: ON THE GRASSY HILLSIDE, Grace is watching the scene by herself
text: as Joe appears, staring at her leg... It makes her uncomfortable.
text: She turns to him with a curt, impatient tone;
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What?
text: Their eyes meet. Joe is so guileless, Grace is taken off guard
text: when he asks in such a compassionate voice;
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Does that hurt you?
text: Grace tries to think of an answer -- and of how to say it:
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Only when I kick somebody.
text: Her gentle delivery makes him smile. She smiles, then:
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Don't you go to school?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Twice a month they give you a day off
dialog: to work on the ranch.
text: He tips his hat down as he looks out to Pilgrim with respect;
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Look at him out in the pasture -- Yeah,
dialog: he must've been a big, beautiful looking
dialog: horse. How was he to ride?
text: Grace is uncomfortable again. She looks away, just struggling.
text: Joe senses she's done talking;
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Excuse me. I got chores to look after.
text: He tips his hat and walks off, passing Annie as she arrives.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You ready to go?
text: Grace hesitates. Then mother and daughter take one more look --
text: POV -- Pilgrim standing in the pasture with Tom crouching in
text: the grass waiting for him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - LATER THAT DAY
text: Tom is still sitting in the grass, just where we left him --
text: waiting patiently. Pilgrim is still out in the pasture.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - STILL LATER THAT DAY
text: Afternoon shadows cross the ranch. Tom is in the exact same
text: spot and position. Pilgrim is somewhat closer -- but still at
text: a distance -- watching him.
text: Frank rides back from work. As he passes Tom, the two nod as
text: if nothing usually is going on. Frank rides up to the barn.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSON'S MOTEL -
text: Grace is flicking the television -- repeating the only three
dialog: channels over and over...
text: Annie works at her computer, surrounded by work. She notices
text: the time, gets a thought and dials the phone...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hello, Mr. Booker... Oh, hello, Frank.
dialog: This is Annie MacLean... I was
dialog: wondering, has-...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Uh-huh... And Pilgrim?...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Still?... Uh-huh...
dialog: (politely cheery)
dialog: Okay then. Thank you.
text: She hangs up, pauses, then speaks to the window out loud enough
dialog: for Grace to hear --
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He's still sitting in that damn
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (w/o looking at her)
dialog: I think they call it a pasture.
text: Annie looks at her as if to say the last thing I need to know is
dialog: a lesson on the local lingo...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Let's go see what's going on, then
dialog: get something to eat.
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE RANCH - DUSK
text: The sky is changing colors, the temperature has dropped. Tom
text: is still sitting in the grass, although someone has brought
text: him a blanket for his shoulders. Pilgrim is in the pasture,
text: but now -- he too is motionless, looking back at Tom.
text: The sound of a car makes Tom turn to see Annie driving up.
text: She gets out, stands by the car with a proprietary air,
text: watching Tom and Pilgrim. Grace remains in the car. There's a
text: sound. She turns to see Diane coming out of the house...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: There's coffee inside... I was just
dialog: bringing this to Tom.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Would you mind if I did? I'd like to
dialog: talk to him.
text: Diane, knowing full well Tom ain't in a talking mood, hands
dialog: her a cup...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (seeing Grace in car)
dialog: Does your daughter want to come
dialog: inside?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Uh, no, we're going to dinner... Is
dialog: this the way to the pasture?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Pasture? Oh, that stretch of field near
dialog: the hill? Yeah.
text: She's gone. Annie grimaces, then crosses the hillside to
text: where Tom is squatting down. She appears to his side and,
text: without speaking, tries to indicates she has his coffee by
text: leaning it toward him. Tom sees her and accepts it with a
text: grateful nod. Annie waits. Nothing happens. Feeling foolish,
text: she begins to walk back.
text: At some point, she turns to see Pilgrim moving across the
text: pasture toward Tom. He stops in front of him, just a few feet
text: away. Tom says something to him. Annie is intrigued -- and she
text: knows enough to stay quiet now. She watches Pilgrim walk over
text: to him. She watches as Tom gets up and pats Pilgrim's scarred
text: head. In spite of herself, Annie is somewhat moved by this act.
text: Only we see Grace, peering out from the car, seeing this act
dialog: of communion as well. Only we see her reaction to it.
text: As Tom turns and walks back to the ranch, Pilgrim follows him.
text: As he passes Annie, all he says is...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: From now on, leave your phone
dialog: somewhere else...
text: As he moves past her, Annie responds;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: But I have business calls I have
dialog: to --
text: Tom keeps heading for the barn as he suggests, without turning
dialog: back;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Then drop off Grace in the morning,
dialog: go on back and do your business.
dialog: Come pick her up around dinner.
text: Standing there, Annie has the impulse to respond to this
text: suggestion, but has no idea what to say and saying it wouldn't
text: make much sense since Tom is already out of ear shot.
text: Diane appears from the house and calls out:
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Mrs. MacLean -- why don't you and
dialog: daughter stay for dinner?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh uh, thank you. No, we don't want to
dialog: impose.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: No imposition. Plenty of food. Gonna
dialog: get pretty dark soon. Hard to find a
dialog: place.
text: Annie looks up to the alien sky and realizes she's right. She
text: looks to Grace, who doesn't seem to oppose the idea.
scene_heading: INT. RANCH HOUSE/KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Everyone sits around the kitchen table. Joe, still wearing
text: his hat, eyes Annie and Grace with acute curiosity.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Joe, take off the hat -- I'm not
dialog: going to say it again.
text: Joe obeys. Diane puts the last of the serving plates on the
text: table -- pork chops, potatoes, gravy, peas, bread... And a big
text: bowl of mixed salad. The boy can't help eyeing how the
dialog: "vegetarians" will act.
text: Annie and Grace eye the food. Annie reaches out for a serving
text: ladle, picking up Grace's plate to serve her as Grace reaches
dialog: for a piece of bread, when:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Dear Lord, we are humbly thankful
dialog: for...
text: Annie and Grace freeze as Frank continues his prayer -- they
text: notice everyone's head bowed slightly.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (continues)
dialog: these gifts. For the blessings on our
dialog: home, our family and our guests. Bless
dialog: those that aren't as fortunate. Bless
dialog: all God's creatures.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Amen.
text: Everyone begins eating. Annie and Grace breath a sigh of relief.
text: Silence. Utensils hitting plates, the only sound.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Bank out us a couple more men to run
dialog: the cattle.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We should be fine, then.
dialog: Beat. Annie and Grace listen...
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Teacher asked me why we raise Black
dialog: Angus-Herefords 'stead of Pure Herefords.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tell her they suit the weather better.
text: Their udders are black, 'stead of pink.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: They don't get burned by the sun bouncing
dialog: off the snow. And they're good mother.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Our daddy raised Pure Herefords.
text: Silence... Eating... Annie tries her hand at conversation:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You know, that's interesting. I always
dialog: wondered when I went into a restaurant
dialog: what was the difference between a regular
dialog: steak or a Black Angus steak. I couldn't
dialog: taste any difference although I could
dialog: swear one was more tender. I didn't know
dialog: there was that big a difference between
dialog: cows...
dialog: (silence)
dialog: I've never been on a cow farm before. I
dialog: must say, the bulls seem to have the
dialog: best time of it. Just laying around the
dialog: fields all day until they're asked to...
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: do their... work.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well, get born a bull, got a ninety
dialog: percent chance of getting castrated and
dialog: served up as hamburger. On a balance I
dialog: reckon I'd choose being a cow.
dialog: (to Grace)
dialog: Would you mind passing that salad
dialog: young lady?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: How's Peterson's holding up for you?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (lying)
dialog: It's fine. Comfortable. I still can't
dialog: get used to how dark it gets around here,
dialog: though. When we leave the ranch, I
dialog: always hold my breath until I can see
dialog: the motel.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: You know, Tom, while you're working on
dialog: that horse of theirs, Annie and Grace
dialog: should move into the old Creek house.
text: Diane and Tom react accordingly; Diane hiding her annoyance,
text: Tom hiding his surprise and pleasure.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nobody's using it. Silly for her to be
dialog: driving back and forth when she don't
dialog: know her way around that well...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, I don't know...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well, I know Peterson's. Old place is as
dialog: good as falling down around your ears.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: They're already all settled in, Frank.
dialog: Anyway, I'm sure Annie wants her privacy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's got doors, Diane. Private as can be.
dialog: Tom?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't have a problem with that. It's up
dialog: to Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, it's worth it, really? I mean, how
dialog: much longer do you think you need to work
dialog: with Pilgrim?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That's up to Pilgrim.
text: Everyone waits on Annie's answer as she considers this.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Grace is on the phone with Robert. Annie is packing things
text: up. Grace is telling him about the day;
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (listens)
dialog: I know. Me, too. Why don't you come
dialog: one weekend?
text: Annie reacts to this.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: We'll have more room because we're
dialog: moving onto the ranch. They have this
dialog: empty house near this creek. It's
dialog: actually pretty... OK... I love you.
dialog: (to Annie)
dialog: Dad wants to talk to you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (takes the phone)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL PARK WEST APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Robert is burning the midnight oil in the study with files
text: all around him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hey... She sounds like she's doing
dialog: all right. How is she?
text: Grace exits into the bathroom. Annie talks softly;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (cautious)
dialog: Yeah. She seems to be getting more
dialog: comfortable on the ranch, which is why
dialog: I said yes to this move. But, whenever
dialog: it's just the two of us, I don't know...
dialog: Anyway... what's happening with the
dialog: Delco lawsuit?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Taking forever. I just got an additional
dialog: list of sixty-two employees to interview
dialog: before Monday. I don't know how I'm going
dialog: to do it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, it's good that you're there.
dialog: Robert didn't mean to validate his separation from them.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: So, how are you doing in Marlboro
dialog: country? Is the magazine complaining at
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah, but nothing I can't handle. Lucy
dialog: tells me she thinks Gottchalks's
text: plotting, but what else is new.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: When are you coming home?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You know, I just asked that myself
text: tonight. He doesn't know.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Well then... maybe I will take some
dialog: time... come visit.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay.
dialog: Beat. Annie knows Robert needed an invitation from her. But
text: she can't do it. Robert tries again.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I miss you, Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I know. We miss you too.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Night.
text: Awkwardly, they hang up. Grace exits the bathroom.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Did you ask him to come visit?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You already did.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Did he mention it?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (resumes packing)
dialog: Yeah, he's going to think about it.
dialog: You want me to pack for you?
text: Grace looks at her disapprovingly as she passes to go to the
text: bathroom. Annie registers this.
scene_heading: INT. RANCH HOUSE - LATE DAY
text: Diane is washing windows while listening to an audio book on
text: her tape player. Through the windows, she sees:
text: Joe and the Twins helping Annie and Grace move into the Creek
dialog: House.
text: Diane has conflicting feelings about this. She continues her
dialog: work.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - LATE DAY
text: VARIOUS SHOTS of ANNIE CONNECTING HERSELF BACK TO THE REST OF
text: THE WORLD, BY PLUGGING IN HER COMPUTER, FAX, ETC...
text: Grace is in the other room, as she was in the motel. Alone.
text: With no television, she is just listening to her music laying
text: on the couch. The two women remain separate no matter where
dialog: they are.
text: But we see a small difference. Grace rises and walks to the
text: window. She looks out;
text: POV: She sees people working about the ranch. Maybe Joe is
text: among them -- riding his horse as he works. Or maybe it's
dialog: just a vision of people with tasks to complete -- who do so
dialog: with pride, discipline and clarity.
text: Grace looks out the window longingly.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RANCH - ANOTHER DAY
text: A cloud of dust. A dozen or so horses are running in an arena
text: by the stables. Tom is riding among them, holding a long stick
text: with an orange flag at the end of it, waving it at the young
text: horses, making them run away from him. The colts stay close
text: together. One of the horses, PILGRIM, stays at a distance, off
dialog: to himself.
text: Grace watches from along the railing. She alternates her
text: attention from the horses... to Tom.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What we're doing here, Grace, is
dialog: trying to get him to learn how to
dialog: be a horse again.
text: He cracks the flag, the horses move together...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: The others already know, see. That's
dialog: how they are in the wild -- herd
dialog: animals...
dialog: (cracks the flag)
dialog: ...When they've got a problem, like
dialog: they have now with me and this flag,
text: they look to each other. But old
dialog: Pilgrim there has forgotten. I'm the
dialog: rock and they're the hard place. He
dialog: thinks he hasn't got a friend in the
dialog: whole wild world...
text: C.U. on GRACE, who clearly feels the same way... but wants
text: desperately not to. She watches him ride off towards Pilgrim
text: who has stopped like all the others at the far end of the
text: ring. He stands by himself, tossing his head, snorting, not
text: wanting to be around other horses. Tom cracks the flag,
text: keeping them moving. Pilgrim does his own private dance.
text: Tom rides by Grace and hands her the stick;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hold this for a minute...
text: Grace stiffens. She doesn't want to, but she's afraid to say
text: "No" to Tom. He just insists by tossing it to her...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hold onto it, go on...
text: She's forced to catch it. He turns and rides away, chasing
text: down Pilgrim, trying to edge him toward the herd. For a
text: moment, he has him breaking to the left with the horses. But
text: as soon as he's clear of Tom, he separates himself and comes
dialog: to stop on his own.
text: Tom rides back to Grace, taking back the flag.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We'll get there, Grace.
text: As he says this, he flashes a small, reassuring smile and a
text: little wink. Grace melts just a little. As he rides away.
text: Annie appears, having come from the Creek House. She calls:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace? The clinic just called...
dialog: They had to change your physical
dialog: therapy appointment. We have to
dialog: leave now.
text: Grace frowns a little -- her mother's "perfect timing." Annie
text: approaches the arena, watching Tom riding. As he passes her;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hello, Annie...
text: Annie notices how he says her name.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mr. Booker...
text: He flashes a smile in her direction and Annie's expression
text: comically matches her daughter's reaction. She quickly covers
text: it, however. Her eyes follow him as he glides around the
text: arena. It's like watching a great ballet -- his control of the
dialog: horses, his effortlessness, his grace, his strength... She
text: smiles to herself in appreciation. Then catches herself:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (to Grace)
dialog: You got everything you need?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: If I had everything I need, I wouldn't
dialog: be going to physical therapy.
text: Tom approaches as he overhears Grace respond;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (trying to cheer her)
dialog: Honey, come on. Would you like to stay
dialog: in town for dinner? Maybe see what
dialog: movie's playing tonight?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Why? There's no food in the house?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No. I just thought... forget it.
text: He's getting a clearer view of their relationship.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You know, we're branding here
dialog: tomorrow. If you two want to come
dialog: by to watch or give a hand, you're
dialog: welcome.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Branding?
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: I haven't branded in years.
text: Tom chuckles.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'll come.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Uh, I don't, honey. Branding? Oooh...
dialog: I think we'd just be in Mr. Booker's
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: As long as you don't get in the way of
dialog: the branding iron, it doesn't matter too
dialog: much.
text: Annie smiles. She turns to Grace, questioningly. Grace says
text: matter-of-factly, to prove her point.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I watched Margo Neuberger get a
dialog: tattoo.
text: Tom squints. Annie shrugs and nods.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay.
text: As Grace and Annie walk to the car, Tom says:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey, Grace -- maybe we can get your
dialog: mom to put me and you branding on the
dialog: cover of her magazine. Start a whole
dialog: new fashion craze.
text: They continue walking as Grace smiles, enjoying being singled
text: out for his joke. Annie responds, almost flirtatiously.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Try not to fall off your high horse,
dialog: Mr. Booker.
text: Tom tips his hat and rides away... Annie smiles and nods...
text: Grace doesn't like their sudden familiarity. Or her mother's
text: coy manner. As they enter the Suburban, Grace asks point blank;
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Did you call Dad today?
text: Annie is caught off guard.
text: Tom, riding in the arena, catches himself looking after them...
text: then goes riding after Pilgrim.
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE - DAY
text: The air smells of scorched flesh. There is nothing but NOISE.
text: Calves, separated from their mothers, "cry." They are moved
text: out through a series of connected pens into a narrow chute,
text: and then one by one into a holding pen. They're clamped and
text: lowered sideways onto a table and given a shot, a yellow
text: insect tag in one ear, branded, then sent back to their
text: mother's. The bulls, in a pen by themselves, stand haughty,
text: paying no attention. Frank helps "doctor" the calves. Joe
dialog: brands.
text: Annie and Grace are standing by the railing, watching with a
text: mixture of fascination and disgust.
text: Tom moves in the feeder pen, waist deep in calves, moving them
text: through the chute. He looks to Annie.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey, over there, you want to make
dialog: yourself useful?
dialog: It isn't a question.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hank, I got you a volunteer!
text: Annie and Grace realize they have no choice.
text: -- WHAT FOLLOWS IS A SEQUENCE OF SCENES SHOWING ANNIE AND
scene_heading: GRACE PARTICIPATING IN THE BRANDING. AND HOW THEY GRADUALLY
text: COME TO LOSE THEMSELVES IN THE EXPERIENCE.
scene_heading: SEQUENCES WILL INCLUDE:
text: -- HANK, A RANCH HEAD, HELPING ANNIE INTO THE CHUTE... ANNIE
text: GETTING KICKED BY A CALF.
text: -- GRACE BEING SHOWN HOW TO HOLD THE BRANDING IRON.
text: -- HANK TEACHING ANNIE HOW TO SAY "HYAH!!"...
text: -- TOM IN THE HOLDING PEN WITH HIS ARMS AROUND GRACE, SHOWING
text: HER HOW TO APPLY THE BRAND... GRACE, A LITTLE FRIGHTENED OF THE
text: BRAND, IS IN HEAVEN IN TOM'S ARMS...
text: -- ANNIE IS STILL TRYING TO SAY "HYAH"!! WITH THE PROPER FORCE.
text: SHE CLAPS HER HANDS, PUSHING THE CALVES ALONG, KNEE DEEP IN
text: COW SHIT.
text: -- GRACE CLOSES HER EYES AND THE IRON TOUCHES THE CALF'S HIDE.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That's good... firm but gentle...
dialog: (Grace opens her eyes)
dialog: It hurts but he'll get over it.
text: Grace smiles proudly.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You handled that pretty well. Think
dialog: it's time you earn your keep around
dialog: here. So, when we're not working
dialog: and when you don't have your therapy,
dialog: I'd like you to help out with the
text: horses... Rubbing them, cleaning up
dialog: the stalls... You think you can
dialog: handle that?
dialog: Grace knows him well enough to know;
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: That's not a question, is it?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're catching on.
text: Grace smiles.
text: -- Annie turns and, not looking where she's doing, trips over
text: a calf, falling down. And calves, coming down the chute,
text: start to run towards her. Suddenly, Tom grabs her by the leg
text: and pulls her to safety. He helps her up and dusts her off.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (not wanting to smile,
dialog: but...)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It is cocktail hour yet?
text: Tom laughs. She takes a big breath.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RANCH - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The ranch is colored in amber light.
text: Near the house, two long tables pushed together to make one
text: long one... A gentle breeze ruffles the tablecloth. Everyone
text: is seated for a meal. We hear laughter and conversation... We
text: parachute into the middle of the moments;
text: -- Hank helping with his wife get to their three children to
dialog: sit still for dinner...
text: -- Diane organizing the women and their various plates of side
dialog: dishes...
text: -- The Ranch Hand piling up their plates and kidding each
dialog: other...
text: -- Joe is instructing Grace on the various sauces for the
text: ribs. The Twins are making fun of him behind his back.
text: -- Tom and Smokey are barbecuing, the last one to sit.
text: -- Frank assists his frail mother, ELLEN BOOKER, at the table,
text: filling her plate with all the things she can't reach for.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: The faces are beautiful. Laughing. Eating. Everyone is tanned
text: and exhausted after a long day, but filled with life and
text: eager to live it. The tables are covered with heavy food.
dialog: The communion at this table is as much a part of the ritual
dialog: as the branding itself...
text: Annie and Grace look different to us. Tanned from the sun,
text: their bodies sore -- they feel softened, yet more vital. As if
dialog: the artifice had been worn off... the armor of urban life. As
text: the table thrives with conversations, we focus on:
text: Annie and Ellen Booker. Annie looks calmer than we've seen
text: her -- and more naturally beautiful. She is seated beside
dialog: Ellen Booker. We sense they have been talking for a while.
text: Annie is so sincerely interested in listening to her, she's
dialog: hardly touched her own plate...
speaker_heading: ELLEN BOOKER
dialog: ... he was a blacksmith by trade, my
dialog: father. My grandson Joe was named
dialog: for him. But he always dreamed of
dialog: having his own place and raising
dialog: horses...
text: We see Tom a few places down and across from Annie and his
text: mother -- but fully aware of their conversation.
speaker_heading: ELLEN BOOKER
dialog: He'd heard of some land. What's
dialog: Stockett now. Rode out there. Got off
dialog: his horse and walked about as far as
text: he could in one way. Then he walked as
dialog: far as he could another way and
dialog: another until he got back to where he
dialog: started and that's where he put his
dialog: roots down... That's where my husband
dialog: and I ranched and raised Frank and
dialog: Tommy...
text: She motions proudly to Tom who looks up. Annie smiles to him.
text: He looks to her with gratitude for the respect she's showing
dialog: his mother.
speaker_heading: ELLEN BOOKER
dialog: Quite a different life from what you
dialog: know, I expect. Which place to you
dialog: call home?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, I was born in London, but my
dialog: father was an ambassador and we
dialog: moved constantly. I've lived in a lot
dialog: of places but I don't really know what
dialog: I'd call home.
text: Tom listens to this.
speaker_heading: ELLEN BOOKER
dialog: An ambassador! My! That's very
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He was a wonderful man.
text: She looks to Tom and he can sense a sadness around this in her
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (to Grace)
dialog: I sure hope you're gonna eat more
dialog: than that, young lady. You're a
text: growing girl.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I've never eaten this much in my
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Probably never worked so hard,
dialog: neither. Those arms of yours are
dialog: gonna be pretty sore tomorrow. I'll
dialog: give you a little bit of ointment I
dialog: make. It's a magic recipe my Mama
dialog: gave me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We used to call Diane's mother
dialog: Medicine Woman. None of us never went
text: to the doctor when she was alive.
text: Annie and Grace listen in...
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Too bad she wasn't here for old
dialog: Henry Vanoker...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Not much would have helped him.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I never got that whole story, what
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: HANK
text: Old Henry was changing a flat tire on
dialog: his truck over on 118 when that...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: ... two-hundred-year-old jack he has
text: gives way and the side of that truck
dialog: come slamming down on that rock he
dialog: calls head...
text: There's laughter -- everyone knows Old Henry. Except:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: HANK
text: Knocked him out for a while. He woke
text: up, finished putting on the tire and
text: drove himself to the hospital.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Old Fool... Darling, pass down those peas
dialog: for me, thank you.
text: Annie and Grace don't know how to respond... But everyone else
text: takes it their stride as they continue eating...
text: Grace notices Joe is whispering something to Frank, who nods
text: his head and speaks to the table.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Huh, Joe here has something to say.
text: Joe stands, somewhat formally, with his hat on.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I wrote this for you Grandma...
text: Mrs. Booker, and Diane, beam. Annie and Grace don't know what
text: to expect. Joe stands straight as an arrow and recites a poem
dialog: from memory...
text: At first, Annie and Grace appear to be embarrassed for the boy
text: but soon they can't help but be won over by his guilessness.
text: He finishes and everyone applauds. Hank's wife asks:
speaker_heading: HANK'S WIFE
dialog: That was lovely. Who wrote that,
dialog: Joe?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I wrote it myself, ma'am.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Now son, you tell 'em when it came
dialog: from.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Be honest, I can't say I did it all
dialog: myself. My grandma helped me get the
dialog: words right.
text: OOoo's and aah's and smiles and conversations erupting over
dialog: each other.
text: Only we see, Grace looking over to Joe who gives her kickass,
dialog: shy grin...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (raising his beer)
dialog: Well, I'd like to welcome Annie and
dialog: Grace to their first branding...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And next time, Miss Annie, you can run
dialog: down the calves...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'll drink to that...
text: Everyone toasts and drinks. Annie and Tom exchange a look.
text: She smiles, but not in a alluring way -- rather, in a grateful
dialog: way. Grateful for this brief moment of community and good
text: feeling. And somehow, Tom knows what she's feeling.
text: No one notices this silent exchange -- except for Diane, who
text: sees everything that's going on.
scene_heading: INT. RANCH HOUSE, DINING ROOM - NIGHTFALL
text: The Women are bringing in dishes and plates and food from the
text: tables through the house and into the kitchen. Annie is among
text: them, feeling apart of the group. She enters carrying a large
dialog: bowl, that held the corn.
text: Diane is replacing newly-cleaned forks and knives in her
text: dining room drawers, above which are several FAMILY PICTURES.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (referring to clean bowl)
dialog: Where does this go, Diane?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Oh, you can just set up on the dining
text: table. I have to rearrange my shelves
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Annie complies. She notices the framed pictures on the wall in
dialog: the dining room.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Is this Mr. Booker? Tom's
dialog: grandfather?
text: Diane looks at a faded photo circa late 1800's.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Mm-mm. I never knew him. He died
dialog: before Frank and I met. This here's...
dialog: (another photo)
dialog: Frank and Tom's mother and father...
dialog: there's little Frank and Tom...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: She calls him Tommy...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Always did. I think she favored him a
dialog: little. You tend to when you have more
dialog: than one, even though you love 'em all
dialog: the same.
text: She studies the old faces of Tom's Parents -- although 20th
dialog: Century people, there is still a pioneering strength in their
dialog: visage... a stoicism and power.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (putting away forks)
dialog: Ha, she loves telling this story about
text: how when he was two years old, he ran off.
text: They found him in the barn, sleeping
text: between two giant hooves of a Percheron
dialog: stallion. She said that horse was
dialog: protecting him and nobody could convince
dialog: her otherwise.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I got a little confused though. The ranch
dialog: Ellen was talking about -- that's not this
dialog: one?
text: Diane is sorting silverware throughout the following:
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: No. See, Frank and Tom were raised near
dialog: the Clark's Fork River, right between the
text: Pryor and Beartooth Mountains. Beautiful
dialog: piece of land. But they had this uncle
dialog: Ned -- useless man, never interested in
dialog: ranching. And when the grandparents died,
dialog: he left for the city and sent word
dialog: through lawyers he wanted his claim to
dialog: the land so he could sell it. Three years
dialog: of legation broke their father. Frank took
dialog: it all in stride, but Tom... Tom loved that
dialog: land. I don't think he ever got over it --
text: His home being sold out from under him.
dialog: Seeing his father like that. Once he and
dialog: Frank got their folks set up in a new
dialog: place, Tom left... went off. We didn't see
dialog: him for years...
text: Annie is intrigued by what she's learning about Tom.
text: Something outside the window catches her eyes. She watches:
speaker_heading: POV;
dialog: 
text: Tom and Frank, on either side to Ellen, are escorting her to
text: a car that will drive her home.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Annie wanders out, passing Grace and Joe on her way out. The two
text: are sitting in a glider. As Annie exits O.C., we hear them;
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Why do you always wear that hat?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Because it fits my head. You want to
dialog: try it on?
text: Grace doesn't know if she should.
text: Annie continues towards Tom who's sitting in a rocker playing
dialog: with the twins.
speaker_heading: TWINS
dialog: Show us again! Come on! One more time!
dialog: It's my turn now!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: All right, al right. Hold out your
dialog: finger.
text: Annie takes a seat nearby and watches as Tom holds out the
text: first finger of his right hand. The Twins holds out his. Tom
text: splits his focus between Annie and the Twins as he takes a
text: small piece of rope out of his back pocket. He ties the ends
text: together making a loop. He puts the loop over the Twin's
text: finger. And holding the other end of the loop taut with his
text: left hand, he draws one side of the cord over the other with
text: the middle finger of his right hand. Then he rolls his hand
text: over so it's under the loop, and back over it again, so that
text: his finger is tip to tip with the Twin's. The loop seemingly
text: knotted around their touching fingertips, and can only be
dialog: removed if their touch is broken.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: The loop's knotted, right.
dialog: (Twins nod)
dialog: Looks like the only way to take it
dialog: off, is if we break our touch...
dialog: (they nod)
dialog: Watch now...
text: Annie and the Twins look down at the touching fingers as Tom
text: gently pulls the rope away, revealing they are still knotted,
dialog: and without even breaking their touch...
speaker_heading: TWINS
dialog: Again! Again. One more time!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh, no. No, no. I only fall for that
dialog: once. Go inside now before your mother
dialog: starts hunting you down. Go on.
text: The Twins exit. Annie and Tom make eye contact.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (smiles, relaxes back)
dialog: So how was your first and last day of
dialog: branding?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Don't be so sure it's my last. There
dialog: are a few people back home I'd like
text: to put under a red hot iron.
text: Tom looks at her with a sly expression, and notices she's
dialog: shivering.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You got too much sun today...
dialog: Here...
text: He takes his jacket and puts it around her shoulders.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Thank you.
text: He sits back down. Annie crosses her arms over her chest,
text: looks around, unconsciously swinging her foot. Tom watches
text: her leg. Annie notices him watching;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You ever just stand still for a
dialog: minute?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You stand still too long in New York
dialog: you get hit by a bicycle messenger.
dialog: (smiles wryly)
dialog: You know, sometimes, I get the feeling,
dialog: Mr. Booker, that you're laughing at me.
dialog: Why is that?
text: Tom shrugs. Annie waits a beat, then:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That's your cue to say you're not
dialog: laughing at me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh, I see, you write both sides of the
dialog: conversation?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's a man's world, Mr. Booker. Most
dialog: women have to.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, maybe I am laughing a bit... I
dialog: just thought, as long as you're here,
dialog: it would be nice for you to relax into
dialog: the place a little.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (understanding)
dialog: Well... It's beautiful country, I'll give
dialog: you that. And I could see having some
dialog: kind of vacation place. Retreat. But I
dialog: don't know how you do it full time. Don't
dialog: you miss the rest of the world?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What's that to miss?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Ha... if you've never lived in a city
dialog: with museums, theater, music, restaurants,
dialog: uh... god, a million things, then it's
dialog: something I can't explain.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (thinks, teasing a bit)
dialog: Does Chicago count?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You lived in Chicago?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: When I was first married.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: You were married to a woman in
dialog: Chicago?
dialog: Tom likes disturbing her picture of him as the predictable
text: cowboy. He smiles;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I once heard Itzhak Perlman guest star
dialog: with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
dialog: He played Rachmaninov's Vocalize Opus 34.
dialog: No. 14. It was one of the most beautiful
dialog: pieces of music I ever heard. I actually
dialog: forgot where I was for a time.
dialog: (Annie is floored)
dialog: You seem surprised?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (not wanting to insult)
dialog: Well, I, uh... you didn't...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Just who's been laughing at who here?
text: Tom says this with a wry smile. Annie returns with a smile --
text: as an understanding is reached between them: they've both
text: stereotyped the other. They are both pleased -- and attracted --
dialog: by what they don't know.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Grace is fast asleep, exhausted. She does not stir when the
text: phone rings.
text: Annie picks up from her own bed, awakened, still dressed in
text: her branding clothes, having just passed out on the bed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL PARK WENT APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: INTERCUT: Robert, alone, in the vast apartment.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I thought you guys were going to call
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, Robert, I'm sorry. We were so tired
dialog: from the branding. Grace barely made it
dialog: to her bed and I didn't have the energy
dialog: to take my clothes off.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Oh well... branding will do that to you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Everything all right.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Huh-huh. You?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Fine. Actually, today was a good day.
dialog: You should have seen her.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I wish I did.
text: The sound of self-pity was so obvious for both of them, so
text: Robert quickly re-groups, resorting to something he knows is
dialog: important to her;
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Well, uh the real reason I called,
dialog: actually, was to tell you I saw Lucy
dialog: at Jo-Jo's tonight and she seems very
dialog: worried.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Apparently, Gottschalk's been seen around
text: town lunching with some very prominent
dialog: magazine editors. Lucy said she tried to
dialog: call you, but no one answered so she faxed
dialog: you the list of names. She said one of
dialog: them have contracts up fairly soon.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh. I didn't look at my faxes today. We
dialog: left before sunrise.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Honey, I hope you're not endangering
dialog: your position. Listen, if you need to
dialog: come back and you want me to come take
dialog: over, for a while, I'll work it out. I
dialog: mean, the firm's got other lawyers, but
dialog: the magazine's got only one of you.
text: After a day of hard work and simple pleasures, Annie begins to
text: succumb to old anxieties and pressures.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Annie is awake reading the faxes Lucy sent. One after other.
text: As she flips through them, one falls to the floor near the bed.
text: She gets down on all fours to retrieve and sees something
text: under the bed. AN OLD, BATTERED CELLO CASE. She pulls it out
text: to find the initials R.B. carved on the top. She opens it to
text: find papers, receipts, bills -- all from Tom's married life.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DOUBLE DIVIDE - EARLY MORNING
text: Tom rides a young colt along the creek. He hears footsteps.
text: He turns and sees Annie running along the creek on the other
text: side. He stops to watch. When his horse SNORTS, Annie looks
text: up to see him. She stops. He tips his hat to her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I've decided it's impossible to
dialog: properly say hello in this place
dialog: without a hat.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: A jogger, huh?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't jog, Mr. Booker. I run.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Lucky for you. The grizzlies around
dialog: here only go for joggers.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: If I can survive rush hour, I figure I
dialog: can handle grizzlies...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You sleeping all right in that house?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't sleep all right anywhere. But
dialog: the house is fine.
text: Tom walks his horse across the creek to her, comfortable in
text: the silence. Annie moves about, uncomfortable in the waiting.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Who's R.B.?
text: Tom is finding Annie's blunt curiosity more endearing.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I found this old cello case filled with
dialog: bills and receipts.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sorry about that. I thought everything
dialog: got cleared out. R.B. is my wife...
dialog: ex-wife... Rachel. We used to live in
dialog: that house
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I thought you lived in Chicago?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I thought you were an editor, not a
dialog: reporter?
text: Annie smiles and nods, realizing she's asking too many questions.
text: She tries to casually reach out to touch the horse's head, but
text: it's too abrupt and the horse tosses his head away, taking a
text: couple of steps back. Annie is embarrassed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I have a way with animals.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's all right. He's young. Just hold
dialog: out your hand a little lower so he can
dialog: get the smell of you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh yes. I forgot.
text: She does and the horse sniffs at her hand.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He's beautiful.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Why don't you ride anymore? Grace told
dialog: me you used to ride when she was
dialog: younger.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: She did?
text: Annie is somewhat moved by her daughter telling him that.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't know, really. No time mostly.
text: A cold wind blows. She folds her arms across her breasts.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I thought it was supposed to be spring.
text: Tom can't help but notice her nipples are hard from the cold.
text: He looks away. She laughs.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Are you shy, Mr. Booker?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Just polite. Well, maybe you'd like
dialog: to try riding again, some time before
dialog: you go home.
text: Annie is struck by the words "before you go home." Tom ambles
text: off on his horse.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Enjoy the day.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You too.
text: Annie steps across the rocks at the ford, crossing the creek.
text: Her foot slips, one of her shoes goes into the water.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Need a lift?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I can handle it!
text: She crosses the creek. She turns, giving him a small wave. He
text: touches his hat. She runs off. Tom watches her go, head down,
dialog: concentrating...
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - DAY
text: A tense Annie is having a difficult phone with DAVID GOTTSCHALK;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: ... David, we've been behind a day or
dialog: two before. But Lucy just Fedexed me all
dialog: the material and it'll be approved by
text: the end of the day.
speaker_heading: DAVID GOTTSCHALL (V.O.)
dialog: If nothing goes wrong. If the faxes don't
dialog: go down. If the phone lines are opened.
dialog: I can't have this magazine hitting the
text: streets by the skin of its ass, Annie.
text: During David's lines, Diane has entered, carrying fresh towels
text: -- she crosses into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, come on! This is such bullshit! The
dialog: work is getting done, David. Lucky keeps
dialog: me on top of everything.
speaker_heading: DAVID GOTTSCHALK (V.O.)
dialog: Lucy isn't you. We're losing something
dialog: without you being here. Now, I know this
dialog: is a rough time for you, but I think we
dialog: should make another arrangement.
text: Without Annie's awareness, Diane re-enters and takes her time
text: leaving, so she can take in all of Annie's things; her
dialog: business "office," books, etc...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What the hell does that mean? How much
dialog: more do I have to do to prove how
dialog: important this magazine is to me?
speaker_heading: DAVID GOTTSCHALK (V.O.)
dialog: If this magazine is so important to you
dialog: Annie, why are you in Montana?
text: Diane can't help but notice a slight vulnerability in Annie.
speaker_heading: DAVID GOTTSCHALK (V.O.)
dialog: Look, this is what we're going to do.
dialog: Finish up this issue. I'll set up a
dialog: conference call in a few weeks. Just
dialog: you, me and your lawyer and we'll
dialog: just work this out so that everyone
dialog: will be taken care of. Fair enough?
text: Annie is now aware of Diane's presence and chooses to play it
dialog: cool. It's not the moment.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Uh, yes... Sure, David.
speaker_heading: DAVID GOTTSCHALK (V.O.)
dialog: All right. Speak to you then.
text: He hangs up. Annie forces a smile to Diane.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Thank you. You're all doing too much.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Oh, it's... I wanted to tell you that,
dialog: if you'd like, you being so busy, I
dialog: could take Grace to her therapy
dialog: exercises for you. I have to go in
dialog: once a week for shopping anyway.
text: Annie doesn't know whether or not to accept.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh... Well... thank you very much. I
dialog: don't --
text: Before she finishes her line, the Phone Rings again.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Hello? Hi, yeah, I just spoke to him.
dialog: Oh, you know David, Mr. Strong Arm...
text: Diane feels out of place and exits. Annie doesn't notice
text: until she hears the door close. She pushes back her hair and
text: takes a deep breath. She looks out through the side window
dialog: and sees:
text: Grace and Joe doing chores. Grace looks involved and not at
text: all self-conscious. A moment of gratitude and calm for Annie.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DOUBLE DIVIDE - DAY
text: Pilgrim bursts out of a chute and into the riding arena. He
text: runs to the far end and abruptly stops. Tom is holding the
text: orange flagstick, and coiled rope, coming through a gate
text: into the arena, crossing to the middle of the ring. Something
text: in his demeanor tells us that fun and game are over.
text: Pilgrim and Tom stand there, motionless, eyeing each other.
text: Pilgrim snorts and takes a few, small steps backward. Tom
text: takes a beat, then starts slowly towards Pilgrim, lifting the
text: flag and "cracking" it. At the sound, Pilgrim whirls away from
text: him and runs, around the arena. He starts to slow, looking at
text: Tom. Again, Tom cracks the flag and Pilgrim runs, round and
text: round the arena... like a ringmaster, Tom keeps Pilgrim
text: moving, cracking the flag.
text: Something about Tom's demeanor tells us it isn't going well.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RANCH - DAY
text: Tom, carrying a saddle, comes around the side of the barn.
text: Through the slats, he sees Grace working in the barn,
text: watering a horse. She has stopped and is looking through the
text: cracks of Pilgrim's stall at him. She turns and sees Tom
text: through the slats. She goes back to work as Tom comes to the
text: barn door.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Come and take a ride with me.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RANCH - DAY
text: They walk towards his pick-up truck.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Can you drive?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Drive? I'm not old enough yet.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's never too soon to start.
text: He enters the passenger side.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I can't...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't have all day.
text: She hesitates and gets into the truck.
scene_heading: INT. PICK-UP TRUCK - DAY
text: Grace doesn't know what to do.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Put the key in and turn it.
dialog: (Grace obeys)
text: The right pedal is gas, the other
dialog: one's the brake.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I don't know if I can with my leg.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, there's only one way to find out.
dialog: (puts truck in gear)
dialog: Give it a little gas.
text: She awkwardly puts her prosthetic foot on the gas pedal. Too
text: much. It lurches forward. She takes her foot off.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, we know you can. Now you just
dialog: got to feel how much. Try it again.
text: She does. They slowly, very slowly, move along the dirt road.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Nice, real nice. There's a little
dialog: road down at the end here, turn onto
dialog: it.
text: Grace badly oversteers, but makes the turn. She drives along
text: the road, across a pasture, heading toward distant mountains.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Just follow this. Nothing to it. I'm
dialog: going to shut my eyes here for a
dialog: little while. Just keep going till
dialog: you run out of road.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (afraid)
dialog: I don't know if I can.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not a question of if you can -- you
dialog: are. Just keep your eyes on the road
dialog: and your foot on the pedal and the
dialog: rest will take care of yourself.
text: Folding his arms over his chest, shutting his eyes, Tom
text: relaxes back. Grace locks her hand on the steering wheel and
text: her eyes straight ahead...
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE - DAY
text: The truck is parked at the foot of a mountain. Grace, very
text: pleased with herself, sits beside Tom on the cab's roof,
text: looking around them at the great Montana. After a beat;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Where did you get Pilgrim from?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: We bought him in Kentucky. My mother
dialog: and I took a trip down there to see
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That must have been pretty special.
text: Grace nods. It is a pleasant memory. He motions for her to be
text: quiet. An old ELK with a prodigious rack of antlers, has come
text: down out of the mountains. Seeing them, he stops in his
text: tracks, dead still. They watch each other. Then the elk turns
text: and runs back up into the mountains. Tom smiles at Grace who
text: smiles back -- partly because of the elk, partly because she's
text: alone with Tom.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Are you afraid of anything?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Getting old. Not being of much use,
dialog: I guess.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What went on out there, Grace? With
dialog: Pilgrim?
text: Grace doesn't say anything. Tom nods then;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You see, Grace, I've got a problem.
dialog: When I'm working with a horse, I like
dialog: to know its history. Now, most times,
dialog: the horse can tell you pretty much the
dialog: whole story, but sometimes he can be
dialog: so messed up in his head that you need
dialog: more to go on. You need to know exactly
dialog: what went wrong. Often times, it's the
dialog: obvious thing, but something that went
dialog: wrong just before that, maybe even some
dialog: little thing...
text: Grace is quiet. She doesn't want to think about that.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's like if I'm driving and run into
dialog: a tree. When somebody asks me, "Well,
dialog: what happened?", I don't say, "Well,
dialog: I plowed into a tree." I'd say, "The
dialog: sun was in my eyes." or "I skidded." or
dialog: "I took my mind off the road for a
dialog: second." See what I mean?
dialog: (Grace nods)
dialog: I don't know how you feel about talking
dialog: about it and I can understand you might
dialog: not want to. But if I'm going to figure
dialog: out what's going on in his head, it'd
dialog: sure help if I knew exactly what
dialog: happened that day.
text: Grace looks away. Tom smiles and gently puts his arm around
text: her shoulders, which has a soothing effect on Grace -- making
dialog: her feel safe...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not today -- whenever you feel like it.
dialog: I leave it up to you.
text: Grace looks into Tom's eyes, wanting so much to unburden herself
text: to him and have him make everything all right. She nods.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH HOUSE - LATE AT NIGHT
text: Tom is making his way to the house at the end of the day, when
text: he stops and looks over to the Creek house --
text: POV -- the lights are on. And he can see Annie, exhausted...
text: approving pages, talking on the phone and faxing all
dialog: simultaneously.
text: He gets an idea.
scene_heading: EXT. CREEK HOUSE - MORNING
text: Annie sits on the porch of the creek house, with a guilt over
text: herself, sipping coffee and deep in thought. She looks up to
dialog: see:
text: Tom riding towards the house on his horse, leading another
text: horse behind him. He looks to her and smiles.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (murmurs)
dialog: Oh-oh.
text: Tom reaches the house as Annie rises.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: The answer's no.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You haven't heard the question yet. Truth
dialog: is, you'd be doing me a favor. I got all
dialog: these eager young colts need riding and
dialog: poor old Rimrock here is feeling kind of
dialog: left out...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Poor thing.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: He'd be grateful, he'd take real good
dialog: care with you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Is this how you're going to make me pay
dialog: my phone bill?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No, ma'am, I'm afraid that's extra.
text: She gives him a crooked smile.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RANCH, PASTURE - DAY
text: Annie, in Levis and a jacket, rides Rimrock beside Tom across
text: the pasture. We overhear them in the midst of talking.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Relax our center... It's just sitting
text: in a bucket.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah, it's been a while, but I... I
dialog: remember the basic ideas...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: OK. I'll stop talking then.
text: He rides a few steps ahead as Annie realizes she doesn't
dialog: remember. She just went into automatic "I don't have to be
dialog: told anything" mode.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Actually, I never rode Western. I'm
dialog: sorry. Go ahead.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, he don't know that. Just sit the
dialog: horse.
dialog: (watches her ride)
dialog: Good... You have a nice seat.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Feel good?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You look all right. You want to pick
dialog: it up a little?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: OK.
text: Tom urges his horse into a center. Annie canters alongside.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Watch your reins, he'll go with you,
dialog: give him some room, let him do the
dialog: work. Relax, don't grab him with
dialog: your thighs, just so long as he can
dialog: feel your body.
text: Annie responds to every suggestion without resistance. And
dialog: she experiences this sense of pleasure -- this great animal
text: beneath her, the physicality and the surrender of letting
dialog: someone else lead...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You want to let it go some more?
text: She begins to let herself go, losing herself in the experience.
text: She just nods... Tom breaks into a full gallop... Annie follows
dialog: suit... She lets everything go -- her job, her marriage,
text: motherhood, guilt, anxiety... all of it. Her only focus is the
text: horse beneath her, and the man on the horse leading her...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE - DAY
text: They ride along the creek, crossing at a ford. They ride up
text: towards the mountains.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: They ride through a narrow pass with sheer rock walls, riding
dialog: by a waterfall...
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
text: They ride across a meadow, cattle stepping lazily aside to
text: let them pass. And as they ride alongside each other,
dialog: appreciating the silence...
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
text: They ride up along a sloping ridge covered with pine trees.
text: They come to the rim of a high bluff. They stop. They look
dialog: out at the twin valleys that gave the ranch its name. And
text: they can just see the old CREEK HOUSE hidden in the shade of
dialog: some trees along the creek...
text: Tom looks over at Annie, who is looking out over this
text: beautiful vista.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's a whole other world you have
dialog: going on here. It just goes along,
dialog: doing what it has to. And you're a
dialog: part of it, you just wake up and,
dialog: and there you are... And everything
dialog: that seems like life or death some
dialog: place else -- doesn't affect any of
dialog: this one bit.
text: Tom is impressed by her feelings. He sees her saddle cinch
text: needs fixing and gets off his horse.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Lift your leg.
text: Annie complies once she realizes what he's doing.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How long did you live here with your
dialog: wife?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Five years. My son was born here.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (opens her eyes)
dialog: Son?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah. I haven't seen him in a while. He
dialog: used to come to the ranch over summers,
dialog: but then he started having friends and
dialog: was going off to college, so... Good boy.
text: Hal. Lives in New York near his mom.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How did you meet her?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: College. In Illinois. She was playing
dialog: the cello. I hadn't heard cello music
dialog: growing up. She had the reddest hair,
dialog: the bluest eyes. When she played, it
dialog: was...
text: Tom can't find a beautiful enough word. But Annie understands.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: She was the most beautiful thing I'd
dialog: ever seen.
text: Annie sees Tom as if with new eyes -- his love for this woman
dialog: he lost.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Why didn't it work out?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: She was never really happy here. She did
dialog: the best she could.
text: Annie looks at him and for the first time senses a kinship --
text: an understanding they both have of being torn between two
dialog: worlds... a desire for home...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Grace told me you have a country house
dialog: in Connecticut. Sounds like a beautiful
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It is. It's lovely.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ever think of moving there full time?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: We did at one point. When we thought
dialog: we'd have more children. And we after
dialog: tried. We tried everything, but...
dialog: wasn't meant to be.
text: There is an awkward silent beat for a moment. Annie is
text: momentarily self-conscious. Tom helps by speaking of himself;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I hear that! See, I knew she was never
dialog: going to be a ranchest, but I wanted
dialog: to try -- I thought maybe she'd give
dialog: music lessons to the kids in town or at
dialog: the school, maybe even recitals. My son
dialog: would grow up here. Maybe have one or
dialog: two more. I'd teach 'em what I could.
dialog: They'd play with my brother's kids. All
dialog: grow up together. And even if they all
dialog: decided to go out into the world, they'd
dialog: always know where home was -- cause we'd
dialog: keep it for 'em...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That's very important to you, isn't it?
dialog: Home.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah, I think it is. And I don't mean
dialog: everybody's got to be married, have kids
dialog: -- It's more like, knowing where you're
dialog: from, where you belong, what feeds you,
dialog: where you can go no matter what happens...
dialog: Knowing what you're supposed to be doing
dialog: while you're here.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How did you find out all that?
text: Tom looks right into her eyes and confesses without a shred
dialog: of self-consciousness.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I got lost.
text: They smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The world is in silhouette. Off in the distance, we see Tom
text: standing by his horse, offering his hand to Annie, helping
text: her off. There's an awkward moment, neither of them wanting
dialog: the day, or the moment, to end.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Grace is standing by the window, looking out at them. Their
text: movements indicate an intimacy that upsets her.
scene_heading: EXT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: After a beat;
text: Tom gets back on his colt. He takes Rimrock's reins and leads
text: him off. Annie stops for a moment, watching him ride away...
text: She watches her mother walk towards the house;
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - MOMENT'S LATER
text: Grace watches her mother stand there a moment, then turn and
text: walk towards the house. Grace moves away from the window,
text: her emotions churning -- jealousy, anger -- and enters her
text: bedroom, shutting the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE PASTURE - EARLY MORNING
text: Joe, hat tipped low, is riding his horse, leading some young
text: horses, exercising them in the morning pasture. He sees Grace,
text: walking with her cane, coming across the pasture.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (shy)
dialog: Hi...
text: She stops. After a beat;
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Would you let me ride your horse?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Have you talked to Tom about it?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Of course I have.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (beat, then:)
dialog: I don't know... You sure Tom said it's
dialog: all right?
text: She nods. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Are you going to give me a hand or
dialog: aren't you?
text: He gets off his horse and holds it. She puts down her cane,
text: then puts her hand on the saddle horn. She puts her
text: prosthetic leg into a stirrup. Frightened, she starts to
dialog: shake;
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You sure?
text: Angry, determined, Grace tries to swing her leg onto the
text: horse. She can't do it. Tears of frustration on her face. She
text: tries again. She manages to pull herself halfway on, her
text: prosthetic leg buckles and she falls. Frightened, Joe runs to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You okay?
text: She gasps to catch her breath. He reaches to help her up. She
text: pulls her hand away. Embarrassed, she "runs" off. Joe remains
text: still. He hears a little VOICES. He turns and sees the TWINS
text: having been watching the whole thing from a small hill. As
text: they run off, he yells, threateningly.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You better not say anything!!!
scene_heading: EXT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: We follow Joe running towards the creek house, fastening a
text: good shirt. He's dressed and cleaned for dinner. He's late.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Annie is in the midst of making a spaghetti dinner. She's a
text: little frazzled but she's on top of it. Grace enters wearing
text: a lovely dress -- it is the first time we have seen her in a
text: dress. Annie hears her enter before she sees her, asking;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Honey, would you see if anybody
dialog: wants --
text: Annie notices Grace standing there, in her dress. She stops.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You look really pretty.
text: Grace is a little self-conscious but grateful. She begins
text: taking forks out of her dress pocket.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I thought there were too many forks
text: on the table.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, one was for salad...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Mom, they don't mind eating with one
dialog: fork.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (thinks, then;)
dialog: You're right. Good.
text: Grace puts them away.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Does anybody out there want
dialog: something to drink?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'll take care of it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Thanks, honey.
text: Grace nods and exits to the living room.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM:
text: The room is silent because every Booker is READING A
text: DIFFERENT COPY OF ANNIE'S MAGAZINE. Frank covertly glimpses
text: at the scantily-clad models... The Twins sharing a magazine,
text: doing the same thing as their father, but keeping an eye out
text: for mom... Diane is looking at pictorial exposes on the kind
dialog: of lives she only hears about on audio tapes...
text: Tom sits off to the side, amused by the sight.
text: Grace enters as Joe enters. They nod across the room to each
text: other with a little smile.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Would anyone like something to drink?
text: We hear a CRASH in the kitchen, then:
speaker_heading: ANNIE (O.S.)
dialog: SHIT!
text: Everybody looks up for a minute. The Twins giggle. Diane gives
text: them a dirty look.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll give your mom a hand.
text: Diane watches him enter the kitchen, then returns to her
dialog: magazine.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Annie has dropped a hot pot into the sink, after pouring the
text: tomato out of it, and into a terrine.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Everything under control?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Not really. I'd forgotten how long
dialog: it's been since I've done this. And
dialog: I couldn't get any Parmesan cheese.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Just make yourself comfortable.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I am comfortable.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ha, ha... all right, well, uh I guess
dialog: you can bring out the pasta.
text: She undoes her apron and crosses towards the bowl. Tom's eyes
text: never leave her. It's the first time he's seen her in her
text: dress, sans apron. As she lifts the bowl to hand to him, she
text: realizes he's been looking at her. There's a silent moment,
dialog: then;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You missed a button.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Huh?
text: She looks for it. Tom crosses to her and buttons it, then
text: takes the bowl.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Thank you.
text: They're quiet for a beat as they exchange a look. Suddenly,
text: Grace enters -- she clearly doesn't like the two of them being
text: alone, Annie quickly covers;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, good, Grace, would you bring in
dialog: the bread... I'll get the salad and
dialog: then we're all set.
text: Tom has already exited by the time Annie finishes, and Grace
text: grabs the bread basket.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: We parachute into the middle of the meal. The spaghetti is a
dialog: hit... We cut to different conversations and reactions around
dialog: the table.
text: Frank is in the middle of saying;
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It'd be a whole lot easier to pay
dialog: the feed end of the month...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't think Warren would go for that.
text: Grace is talking to Joe and the Twins.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: ... like, for instance, you can go on
dialog: the Internet and access this thing
dialog: called The Visible Man -- who was this
dialog: murderer they caught in Texas that was
dialog: executed and donated his body to
dialog: science and you can call him up on the
text: screen and dissect him, like in Three-D...
text: Grace eats as she talks. Joe and the Twins are fascinated.
dialog: Annie asks Tom, Frank and Diane;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, did you ever think about hiring
dialog: a business manager?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We have a business manager. The best
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Ha...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Diane takes care of the books. I don't
dialog: know how, but at the end of every
dialog: month, everything adds up to the penny.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Ain't brain surgery.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's pretty impressive. Where I come
dialog: from, you'd be a gold mine.
text: Diane doesn't know how to accept that, but inside she's
text: bursting with pride. She focuses on the Twins who fight;
speaker_heading: TWINS
dialog: This is MY fork. That's YOUR fork, ya
dialog: idiot!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Hey. You stop that kind of talk at the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'll have another round of that
dialog: spaghetti if may?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Absolutely. I made enough for an army.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I uh... I like the sauce very much. Maybe
dialog: I get the recipe.
text: Annie is so pleased and is about to reply, but Grace, noticing
text: Tom smiling at Annie:
speaker_heading: GRACE
text: It's from a jar.
text: There's an odd silence as a deflated Annie serves Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Thank you.
text: Finally, Diane saves it.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Well, I tried jar sauce once --
dialog: wasn't this good. Ya gotta know
dialog: which brand to buy. I'd like to
dialog: get the name of this one.
text: Annie is grateful. Grace feels foolish.
speaker_heading: TWIN (SCOTT)
dialog: Can we see the dead body on the
dialog: screen?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It's just my computer.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Oh, I don't --
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's okay. Grace, show them. I'm going
dialog: to put the coffee on. I made an apple
dialog: tart for dessert.
text: The Twins excitedly move to the computer. Joe waits for Grace.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I'll help you with the coffee.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well... I know I should reject that
dialog: offer, but I'm not going to.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (jovial)
dialog: No reason you should, no reason you
dialog: should.
text: They exit into the kitchen. Frank continues eating.
text: Tom looks around -- Grace showing the boys the computer. Annie
text: and Diane in the kitchen. For a second, we see Tom realize an
dialog: image of the life he once thought he could.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: As Diane and Annie prepare coffee and dessert;
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I was looking in one of your magazines
dialog: and saw that picture of the couple
dialog: getting married at the Pyramids. Were
dialog: you ever in Egypt?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I was there for that shot, actually.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: What was it like?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, God -- I think it was the fourth
dialog: or fifth time I'd been there, so all
dialog: I remember was the heat and how
dialog: incompetent the photographer was...
text: She laughs as she directs this last line to Diane, who just
text: smiles. And Annie realizes that's not what she meant at all.
text: This woman is starving for glimpses into this other life.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: But, uh, Egypt is, well, it's like
dialog: nothing else. It's like going back in
dialog: time.
dialog: (Diane listens)
dialog: I remember as a kid trying to imagine
dialog: what a kid my age, centuries ago,
dialog: walking over that same ground, was
dialog: wondering about or, if they had the
dialog: same problems as me... and I felt,
dialog: connected to... to time itself, almost.
dialog: Ha, I never realized how hard it was
dialog: to describe.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I'd love to go there one time...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You and Frank ever take a vacation?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Soon. We're going to Branson, Missouri
dialog: to see my cousin Emma married. Frank
dialog: loves in there.
text: Annie can sense the disappointment in her voice, and at the
text: same time, the comfortable resignation.
text: Suddenly, from inside, they hear LOUD OVERLAPPING VOICES as
text: the children fight.
speaker_heading: TWIN (SCOTT)
dialog: IT WAS MY TURN!
speaker_heading: JOE
text: YA JUST HAD A TURN. IT WAS NOT.
speaker_heading: TWIN (SCOTT)
speaker_heading: WAS SO!
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM:
text: Diane and Annie enter to find Joe and Scott fighting, as Tom
dialog: tries to break them up...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Boys! Settle down!
speaker_heading: TWIN (SCOTT)
dialog: You never let me have a turn!
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Don't be such a baby!
speaker_heading: TWIN (SCOTT)
dialog: You just showing off for her!
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You shut up, stupid!
speaker_heading: TWIN (SCOTT)
dialog: You're the one who's stupid -- letting
dialog: her go and fall off your horse!!
text: Everyone goes quiet, except for the computer screen.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You little shit!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: JOE!
speaker_heading: TWIN (SCOTT)
dialog: I saw 'em. In the pasture. Her trying to
dialog: get on Gonzo! I saw 'em.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What does he mean?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did you go riding?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Little shit!
text: Joe lunges for Scott and the two start rolling in a fight.
text: Frank and Tom work to pull them apart as Diane yells.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Annie, I'm so sorry, but they're just
dialog: tired. We'll have dessert another time.
dialog: Frank, get them out of here.
dialog: (to other Twin)
dialog: Come on. Say good night and thank
dialog: you...
text: Voices everywhere. Yelling. "Thank you's!!" During which,
text: Grace quickly turns and exits. Annie eyes follow her out of
text: the room, but with her guests and the chaos, she doesn't know
dialog: whether or not to leave.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Dinner was delicious. Thank you.
dialog: (to Twins)
dialog: Say thank you!!
text: Diane and Frank usher the kids out. Tom holds onto Joe until
text: they're gone, then lets him go.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Sorry, ma'am, I thank you for dinner.
dialog: It was very good.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did Grace try to ride, Joe?
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I expect you should talk to Grace about
dialog: that, ma'am. And if I did anything
dialog: wrong, then I am sorry.
text: Ever the gentlemen, Joe exits. Annie looks to Tom. He's about
text: to leave, when he stops and says:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't let her turn you away.
text: Tom exits.
text: Annie stands and faces Grace's closed door. Slowly, she
text: lowers herself to her knees and sits on them, thinking...
text: reminiscent of Tom, waiting for his moment with Pilgrim, in
dialog: the field.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE, GRACE'S ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: We don't know how long Annie waited, but she knocks gently,
text: then enters to find Grace, in her nightgown, on her bed, with
text: the night stand light on. Her prosthesis is against the wall.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace? Is everything all right?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Can we talk?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well...
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: So you tried riding again?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (snotty)
dialog: Yeah. Does that mean I'm cured?!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Honey, nobody's trying to cure you --
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: ... You worried everything all right
dialog: now and we'll have to go home?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You... not wanting to go home because
dialog: you hate daddy so much.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Grace, I don't hate your father.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I can't remember the last time you
dialog: made him dinner.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I was just trying to say thank you to
dialog: Diane and Frank and --
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Tom?
text: Annie sits by the bed, Grace moves away a little.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Look, I just wanted to say, I think
dialog: it's great you're riding again.
dialog: And... and I think I know why you,
dialog: you needed to do it alone... without
dialog: anyone knowing...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Yeah, you know everything!!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: STOP IT! Why can't I talk to you!!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: NO, YOU STOP IT! Stop pretending like
dialog: you care! Like this really isn't about
dialog: you and Tom.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: WHAT?! How can you --
dialog: (at a loss)
dialog: I'm sorry if my friendship with Tom
dialog: bothers you so much, but I happen to
dialog: value having someone to talk to,
dialog: especially when my own daughter
dialog: ignores me night and day because no
dialog: matter what I say, it's wrong and no
dialog: matter what I do, it's wrong... I'm
dialog: sorry I'm such a disappointment to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Well, now you know what it feels like.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't deserve that. I have never
dialog: looked at you as a disappointment. If
dialog: I'm on your back to do better, if I
dialog: push you to try harder it's because
dialog: I want you to be the best you can be.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: FOR YOU! Because I'm your daughter
dialog: which means you're the best mother!
dialog: Isn't that what you're always talking
dialog: about in interviews -- having it all,
dialog: the great career, the great family...
dialog: Proving everybody wrong. Wanting
dialog: everybody to think you're this perfect
dialog: woman!
text: Beat. They're both exhausted.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Listen, if... if there's a part of you
dialog: as parent that... that takes pride in
dialog: your child -- that, you can look at
dialog: them and see something you've
dialog: accomplished as well... if that's wrong,
dialog: then I'm sorry.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: But it wasn't my intention. I don't push
dialog: for me. I do it for you... So you don't
dialog: waste half your life feeling like you
dialog: don't know where you belong.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Yeah, well, you've done a great job.
text: Beat. Annie feels deeply hurt.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, then I do apologize... But what
dialog: I'm most sorry for is turning you
dialog: into a spoiled brat who can only
dialog: think about what she's feeling... who
dialog: can't admit when she's wrong and who
dialog: can't forgive when she's not.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: LEAVE ME ALONE!!
text: Annie stops to exit as Grace says something under her breath.
text: Annie stops.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I said... I started.
text: Grace starts to sob. Annie doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Started what?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: My period.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (softer)
dialog: When? Tonight?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I felt it happen downstairs and when
dialog: I went into the bathroom.
text: Annie reaches down to touch Grace's shoulder. Grace turns --
text: there is no anger in her face. Annie sits and takes her in
text: her arms. Grace clings to her and sobs like a little girl.
text: Annie sees tears run -- gratefully, lovingly.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Who's going to want me now?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?... Oh baby...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Who's ever going to want me? Nobody
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That's not true.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Why should they?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Because you are... one of the most...
dialog: incredible, bravest, most beautiful
dialog: woman I have ever met. The efforts
dialog: you make. Your courage and your
dialog: dignity.
dialog: (laughs thru tears)
dialog: I don't know where you got it? I
dialog: honestly don't know how I would have
dialog: handled all this if I were you.
text: Grace is so grateful, they cling to each other even harder.
text: As the tears subside, Grace manages to admit...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'm sorry... about what I said. It's
dialog: just that -- all those times you
dialog: and Daddy were trying for another
dialog: kid, I... I used to pray at night that
dialog: it would work. And not because of
dialog: you guys or that I wanted a brother
dialog: or sister... but... just so I wouldn't
dialog: have to be...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: So special. Because I was the only
dialog: one. You both wanted me to be so
dialog: good at everything, so perfect and
dialog: I wasn't. I was just me. And now I've
dialog: completely ruined everything,
dialog: anyway...
text: They both start crying again as Annie rocks her gently.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Sshhh... Ssshhhh...
text: They hold each other as if for dear life...
text: LATER -- CAMERA PANS to discover mother and daughter, fast
text: asleep, in each other's arms.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S ROOM, RANCH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Tom sits alone, writing at his desk. His music is playing.
text: He stops to look out the window overlooking the Creek House.
text: Annie and Grace fell asleep with the lights still on in the
dialog: living room.
text: Tom is thinking of Grace and Annie -- wondering what happened
text: after he left... conflicted by what he feels for Annie... And
dialog: remembering why they're here in the first place...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - NEXT MORNING
text: The phone rings, awakening Annie first, then Grace.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Hello, this is ATT Conference Service.
dialog: Is this Annie MacLean?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: I have a conference call scheduled for
dialog: you with Mr. Gottschalk and Mr. Farlow.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Oh. Oh, yes. One moment, please.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Uh, nothing. I'm going to pick it up
dialog: in the other room -- would you hang
dialog: this up for me?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Sure.
text: Annie moves to the other room, sits down at her office space,
text: takes a breath, then picks up, yelling to Grace;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay, Grace...
dialog: (click)
dialog: Operator?... I'm ready.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDING ARENA - LATER THAT MORNING
text: Annie and Grace are standing by the arena fence. Frank, Joe
text: and the Twins are sitting on the fence rail. Joe is holding a
text: saddle and a bridle, standing in some shadows in an empty
text: arena. Pilgrim comes running into the ring. Out of habit, he
text: starts circling the ring. He sees Tom holding a saddle.
text: Pilgrim walks towards him. Curious, he stops, looking at him.
text: Tom puts the saddle down, sitting crossways on it. Pilgrim
text: walks towards him again. He stops, looking at Tom again. Tom
text: just sits there, playing with the bridle. Pilgrim walks
text: around him. Tom doesn't show him any interest. Pilgrim comes
text: closer. He looks at the saddle. He runs off. He stops,
text: looking back. Tom just sits. Pilgrim walks back over. Tom
text: stands and shows him the bridle. Pilgrim comes closer,
text: sniffing it. He rubs his nose against the leather. Tom pats
text: his head. Then, in one quick, but deft motion, he puts the
text: bridle on him. Pilgrim tosses his head, but it doesn't seem
text: to bother him. Grace and Annie watch intently. Tom takes the
text: reins, walking Pilgrim around the ring. He walks him to the
text: saddle. Pilgrim paws at it with his hoof. He turns and runs
text: off. Tom lets him go. Pilgrim runs around the ring, slows
text: down, looks over at Tom. Tom picks up the saddle. Pilgrim,
text: cautiously, comes back over. Tom, with the saddle, walks away
text: from him. Pilgrim, again curious, follows him. He nudges Tom.
text: Tom stops. Pilgrim comes around to take a good look at the
text: saddle. Tom rubs his back. And gently, like laying down a
text: sheet, puts the saddle on his back. Pilgrim shuffles slightly
text: at the touch. Tom quickly cinches it. Taking up the reins, he
text: walks Pilgrim around the ring again. He starts to jog.
text: Pilgrim jogs with him. And in the middle of the jog, Tom
text: grabs onto the saddle horn, and without breaking his stride,
text: pulls himself back up onto his back. He lays across the
text: saddle, letting Pilgrim feel his weight. He sits up, and
text: without letting him break his stride, he urges Pilgrim with
text: his thighs, keeping him in the jog, riding around the ring.
text: Grace and Annie cheer. Tom tips his hat to them...
scene_heading: INT. THE BARN - DAY
text: Grace is cleaning stalls, etc... She exits one of the stalls
text: with a pail and stops -- looking down the barn to where she
text: knows Pilgrim is. She places the pail down and gathers her
text: courage. She walks to Pilgrim's stall. She stands motionless
text: for some moments before she opens the doors and enters...
text: Pilgrim steps back a bit. He looks at her. He pins his ears
text: back. Stomps his feet. Grace is about to turn and leave, but
text: she stops herself and remains still.
text: Slowly, she reaches out to touch Pilgrim's head... and he
dialog: lets her. We see in Grace a maturity of character, a
dialog: willingness to face what she must face... the beginning of a
text: compassion, not only for Pilgrim, but perhaps for herself as
dialog: well.
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE - NIGHT
text: A full moon lights the ranch. Tom pulls up to the ranch house
text: in his truck, parks and gets out. As he walks towards the
dialog: house, he hears:
text: Grace exits the Creek House and coming towards him, a coat
text: over her nightgown. Tom waits until she reaches him.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I was waiting for you to come back.
text: Tom instinctively knows what she wants.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You hungry?
scene_heading: INT. RANCH HOUSE, KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Grace sits at the table. Tom is cooking at the stove. It feels
text: as if they are the only two people on earth. Grace gets up her
dialog: nerve... and begins:
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Judith was telling me about this boy
dialog: she really liked. She never even had
dialog: a chance to tell me his name...
text: She starts to quietly cry, but it doesn't stop her.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: We were going to go around by the
dialog: railroad bridge...
dialog: And we see the accident all over again... But this time, a
text: movie -- as clear as reality -- but in deathly silence. Just
text: the sound of Grace's voice, and her heartbeat...
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS, CONNECTICUT - EARLY MORNING
text: The horses are going up the icy path...
speaker_heading: GRACE (V.O.)
dialog: We were laughing about something, I
dialog: don't remember what. Her horse fell...
text: Judith's horse suddenly stumbles on the ice, going down,
text: throwing Judith, her foot helplessly caught in the stirrup.
text: Her horse sliding back down the hill.
text: Grace tries to move Pilgrim to avoid the errant horse, but
text: it's too late, the horse plows into them, the horses sliding
text: back down the hillside onto the empty COUNTRY ROAD...
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD, CT. - EARLY MORNING
text: Pilgrim is first to find his legs. Judith's horse, its leg
text: broken at the ankle, walks in a confused state. Judith's foot
text: is helplessly caught in the stirrup...
speaker_heading: GRACE (V.O.)
text: ... Judith's foot was caught in the
dialog: stirrup... she couldn't get up, she
dialog: was so scared...
dialog: (cries)
dialog: I saw this truck, coming around the
dialog: turn...
text: She sees the glint of the steel. The Truck suddenly appears
text: from around the bend.
speaker_heading: GRACE (V.O.)
text: ...He was honking, trying to get us to
dialog: move... I tried to grab the reins to
dialog: get Judith's horse out of the way...
text: Grace grabs the reins of Judith's horse. The horses are
dialog: spooking...
speaker_heading: GRACE (V.O.)
dialog: ...And the truck started skidding...
text: The truck skidded on the icy road, going out of control, jack-
text: knifing, heading right for them...
speaker_heading: GRACE (V.O.)
dialog: ...It was coming right at us... There
dialog: wasn't any time to do anything... It
text: ran right into Judith's horse...
text: The truck bed plows into Judith's horse...
speaker_heading: GRACE (V.O.)
dialog: ...Judith just disappeared... And it
dialog: came right at Pilgrim and me...
dialog: We see this...
speaker_heading: GRACE (V.O.)
text: ...And Pilgrim reared up at the truck
dialog: and I fell off...
text: Grace falls onto the road, the truck running over her.
scene_heading: INT. RANCH HOUSE, KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Grace sobs uncontrollably now.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Judith... Oh God, Judith. I'm sorry...
text: Tom is near and holds her as she puts her head on his chest.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I won't tell you it'll stop feeling
dialog: this bad... But I can tell you, you
dialog: didn't do anything wrong... The same
dialog: thing would have happened to me... or
dialog: Frank... or Joe... And there's no
dialog: sense in looking for a reason why
dialog: things happen...
dialog: (self-reflective)
dialog: I used to try and... always came up
dialog: short. I don't think the why so's
dialog: important as... what we do with what
dialog: we get. I remember this boy I'd see
text: up on the Blackfeet Reservation. He
dialog: was sixteen. Great kid. Strong. He'd
text: gone swimming and dived headfirst into
text: a rock. Snapped his neck, paralyzed
dialog: him... After the accident, I'd look
dialog: in on him from time to time... and he
dialog: wasn't there anymore. His mind, his
dialog: spirit, whatever you want to call it,
dialog: it just disappeared. And what was left
dialog: was nothing but anger... It's like the
dialog: boy I knew just went away somewhere...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I know where he goes.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I know you do. Don't you disappear.
dialog: (holds her tighter)
dialog: You do whatever you have to, to hold
dialog: on...
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: I'll tell you one more thing... When
text: Pilgrim reared up to face that
dialog: truck... you know what I think?... I
dialog: think that damn horse loved you so much,
dialog: he was trying to protect you... That's
dialog: what I think.
text: Grace listens to this. As Tom holds her in silence, it's
dialog: almost as if they were father and daughter...
scene_heading: EXT. THE CORRAL - PRE-DAWN
text: Tom stands with Grace in the corral. Tom's horse, Rimrock, is
text: saddled nearby. Tom takes Grace's cane.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Let me hold that...
text: Grace stands, looking at the horse...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I can't... not yet...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: There's no hurry. Take you time.
text: She's trying so hard to be brave. After a moment, she reaches
text: for the saddle horn. She puts her prosthetic leg in the
text: stirrup, takes a breath and swings her leg up -- slipping,
text: falling to the ground. Tom doesn't say anything. She pulls
text: herself back up. She repeats the action... determinedly. She
text: swings her leg over again and sits squarely on the horse. Tom
text: remains still, but proud.
text: As the day breaks, we leave them in silence -- Tom standing,
text: hands in pocket... Grace sitting up on the horse, proudly.
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE, THE PASTURE - EARLY MORNING
text: Endless sky. Annie is jogging off in the distance when she
text: looks up and stops to see: Tom and Grace, both on horses,
text: stopped on a rolling hill. They do not see her.
text: Annie is filled with emotion... pride for her daughter,
dialog: gratitude for this amazing man.
text: As the two ride off into the distance we do a slow:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: SHOCK CUT:
scene_heading: BRIGHT SUNSHINE... CATTLE DRIVE...
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: Frank and Diane, with the Twins, dogs at their heels, ride in
text: front of the herd. Behind them, Joe riding alongside Grace.
text: Smokey and some Hands ride among the herd, keeping them moving.
text: And riding behind the herd are Annie and Tom...
text: MONTAGE OF VARIOUS MOMENTS THROUGHOUT THE DAY DURING THE CATTLE
text: DRIVE... Highlighting, in particular, those in which the rising
text: sexual tension between Tom and Annie is apparent.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - NIGHT
text: The cattle stands in silhouette. We hear singing.
text: Everyone is sitting around a campfire. Frank's playing the
text: guitar, singing along with Tom. They laugh when a lyric or a
text: note goes wrong. Everyone is enjoying it.
text: Annie, her arms around her knees, sits off by herself. The
text: song ends and people applaud.
text: Frank hands the guitar to Hank;
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Play that sweet one you know. The one
dialog: makes my wife here so friendly.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (slaps his shoulder)
dialog: You!
text: Hank begins to play and sing a painfully pretty song. His
text: sweet voice is stark contrast to his gruff, strongman
text: appearance. Frank offers his hand to Diane, she slaps it away
text: and laughs, he helps her up and they start to dance. As
dialog: everyone watches...
text: Joe stands and offers his hand to Grace;
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You wouldn't want to dance with me,
dialog: would you?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I don't thinks you'd want me tripping
dialog: all over you in front of everybody.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: I wouldn't let happen.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (affectionately)
dialog: You know, you're a good kid.
text: Joe smiles and helps her up. They come together and start
dialog: dancing.
text: Annie is watching, holding her breath with gratitude.
text: Tom notices Annie off by herself and crosses to her. He
text: extends his hand. She hesitates, looks again to Grace with
text: Joe, then accepts...
text: His hand slide to her back. Her hand to his shoulder. They
text: dance. Their bodies closer than they've ever been. Slowly,
text: she leans her head against his body. And surrenders, for the
dialog: moment...
text: Diane sees them. She holds her husband fast, and buries her
text: head on his neck.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: MORE CATTLE DRIVE MANTAGE -- Taking Tom and Annie a bit
dialog: further in their intimacy; perhaps Tom takes extra special
dialog: care to explain things to Annie, or fix her saddle cinch, or
dialog: make her laugh...
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - EVENING
text: The cows stands in the pasture, grazing. Annie and Diane are
text: cleaning some pots and pans in the stream.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Must be nice for you to take a few
dialog: days off from your work, huh?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, I have more than a few days, ha,
dialog: ha... I uh... I'm sort of... not an
dialog: editor anymore... right now... First
dialog: time I've said it out loud.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: They fired you?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, it's more like a leave of-
dialog: (stops)
dialog: Ha, ha, ha. Yeah, they fired me.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You don't seem to upset?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Delayed shock. Or maybe not. I know
dialog: I could talk my way back if I wanted
dialog: or... go to another magazine,
dialog: someplace... Just not sure if I want
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Guess you don't have to figure it out
dialog: until you go home.
dialog: This phrase "go home" stings Annie -- though Diane said it
text: innocently.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did you always know this was the life
dialog: you wanted?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I fell in love. After that, I never
dialog: thought about being anything but a
dialog: rancher's wife. I never saw it like I
dialog: was losing some other life, just felt
dialog: like I was gaining one. I know that's
dialog: not a popular opinion nowadays and I
dialog: ain't saying it's the right one. We
dialog: all have to find the life meant for us.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Frank's a good man.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: They don't come better. But I don't
dialog: deny there are times I wonder about
dialog: things I won't have. Maybe one day I'll
dialog: get to see Egypt. Maybe not. But I know
dialog: if you try too many different lives,
dialog: you can wind up with no life at all...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Sounds like something Tom would say.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Yes, it does.
text: Annie and Diane resume washing the dishes in silence. Annie
text: deep in thought. Until Diane stops. After a beat, Annie
dialog: notices.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Annie, I'm not good at this kind of talk
dialog: -- goes round and round a thing but
dialog: never comes to it -- so let's just say
dialog: what it is. When you first came here,
dialog: I didn't like you and I was worried. Tom
dialog: means a lot to me and this family. Don't
dialog: go looking here for whatever you looking
dialog: for. Don't make that man go through
dialog: something it took him a long time to see
text: his way clear out of the first time.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't think anybody can make Tom do
dialog: anything he didn't want.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: He's a good man, Tom is. He's got a
dialog: gift, come from heaven above, I swear.
dialog: But he's still a man. And a woman can
text: lead a man into the middle of a mountain
text: lake -- and still make him think he's on
dialog: dry land.
text: Diane's words ring in Annie's head.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - DEAD OF NIGHT
text: Dead in stillness. The cattle dark and motionless. Everyone
text: asleep in bedrolls around the pasture.
text: Annie awakens, looks up at the moon, watching it go in and
text: out of the clouds. She looks over to sleeping Grace... Then
text: looks to where Tom is -- and sees his sleeping bag is empty.
text: Quietly, she rises and looks for him.
text: She starts across the grass and sees him crossing on his
text: haunches, wearing a slicker, sitting in the grass by the
text: stream, drinking some water. She watches him.
text: Tom senses something and turns. For a moment, they just look
text: at each other -- half disbelieving the inevitable is so close
text: at hand. Annie approaches as Tom rises.
text: They meet. They kiss. Tentative at first, but more, just to
dialog: make that very, precious first moment of discovery last as
text: long as it can. The kiss grows more passionate. They begin to
dialog: lose themselves in each other.
text: Until, suddenly, aware of their surroundings, they part. No
text: words. Their expressions to each other tell all. Annie
text: separates herself and goes back to her bedroll... Tom stands
text: in the grass, by the stream... the moving water, the night's
dialog: only sound.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE - DAY
text: The cattle drive returns. Tom, Annie, Grace, et al... are on
text: their horses, heading back towards the ranch when Grace sees
dialog: in the distance;
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Dad?
text: Annie looks up and sees:
text: POV -- ROBERT has come to the ranch. He is waiting for them
text: with his luggage beside a rental car... standing out like an
text: Like The Man In The Gray Flannel Suit in the middle of
dialog: Wyeth's "Christina's World."
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH HOUSE - DAY
text: Everyone is being introduced to Robert, as Grace hugs him
text: from the side, never letting go of him. Frank, Diane -- who
text: introduce their kids, then Tom and Robert shake hands...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: This is Mr. Booker, Robert.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (extends hand)
dialog: Tom.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hi. It's a pleasure. I'm very grateful
dialog: for the way you took in my girls here.
dialog: I bet you were surprised when they
text: just showed up out of nowhere.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh yeah...
dialog: Laugh. Awkward silence...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Well I uh... I can already see a change.
dialog: (hugging Grace)
dialog: And I'm very grateful to you.
dialog: Robert is so sincere -- in that openly, modern, "express your
text: feelings" kind of way. Tom just nods.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Did you notice -- no cane?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I know. Amazing.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Can we show him Pilgrim, Tom?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh, we're gonna show your dad plenty.
dialog: Why don't you all get settled in and
dialog: we'll do the tour. Excuse me.
text: As Tom walks away, a nervous Robert feels compelled to say:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: See you later!
text: Tom just nods and keeps walking. Annie and Robert face each
dialog: other for a beat.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Let's bring your bags inside.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Wait till you see this -- we have the
dialog: whole house to ourselves...
text: The MacLean walk to the Creek House.
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE - DAY
text: In the distance, we see the pick-up truck parked out in the
text: pasture. Tom is standing with Robert -- in jeans, now -- and
text: Grace, telling Robert about the ranch. Robert has his arms
text: around Grace, asking questions, interested in everything...
text: Grace is loving being with her two favorite men...
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH - DAY
text: Grace waits in the truck as Tom leads Robert through the cows
text: and cowshit, climbs up and hops over a wood fence. Robert
text: follows suit -- not as gracefully -- and gets a splinter...
scene_heading: INT. RANCH KITCHEN - DAY
text: Diane is busy in the kitchen when Annie enters.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Is there anything you need? I'm going
dialog: food-shopping.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Well, I am going to go after lunch.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, no, I'll go -- just give me a
dialog: list.
text: Annie is determined. She needs to be by herself for a bit.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE RANCH - DAY
text: Tom continues his tour as the dogs run about them. Tom pays
text: the dogs no attention, except to bark an order. Robert,
text: however, engages with them -- picking up a stick and throws
text: it. A dog returns and gives it back. Robert kneels and begins
text: rubbing the dog's fur, talking to it, looking like an
text: anachronism in his baggy jeans with designer cowboy belt and
text: spanking new designer cowboy boots.
text: Tom waits patiently for Robert, who... and carries on with
text: the dog a bit too long. When Robert gets up, he habitually
text: brushes the dirt off his jeans, maybe even his boots, and
text: makes sure his outfit is hanging properly.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - DAY
text: Grace is in the stall with Pilgrim. Once again, close enough
text: to touch him, which he allows.
text: Outside the stall, stand Robert and Tom. Robert squeezes his
dialog: splinter...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I can't believe it's the same horse.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We still have a way to go.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: How much longer do you think?
dialog: Tom understands this man wants his family back.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, like I told your wife, it's
dialog: really up to Pilgrim.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I understand...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EARLY MORNING
text: Everyone is seated around the table, eating, talking, laughing.
text: Grace is right by her father's side. Frank's in the middle of
dialog: telling Robert:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We thought we lost him in the snow
dialog: storm... Told the kids. Had a funeral
dialog: for the damn thing. Finally, snow
text: stops. Staring to warm up. I go out
dialog: and start cleaning the truck...
dialog: Goddamn if that dog doesn't jump out
text: from the back seat covered in snow...
dialog: I nearly stained myself.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: He thought it was a ghost.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: A dog ghost!
text: Laughter all around.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Everyone is outside enjoying the night after a long day.
text: Diane and Annie are on the porch. Diane is showing Annie how
text: she does her needlepoint. Annie is genuinely interested.
text: Tom and Frank and Robert are sitting out front. Grace is at
text: Robert's feet. Joe sits on the ground in front of his father,
dialog: opposite Grace.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Is the poverty worse, now, you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I haven't been back in over twenty
dialog: years, but I wouldn't be surprised.
dialog: The population's larger.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What were you doing over in India?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Uh, this was right after college. I
dialog: was in the Peace Corps.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That right?
text: Back on Diane and Annie, who hear the laughter O.S. and look.
text: Diane smiles, seeing how much Grace is enjoying her dad.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: She sure loves her daddy, huh?
text: Annie smiles and looks herself. Yes, she does, she thinks. Why
dialog: can't I?
text: Back to the others. Everyone is very interested in Robert's
dialog: stories... especially Tom.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: ... and I thought before I settled
dialog: into law school -- everybody knew that
dialog: was the plan -- I'd take this time for
dialog: myself.
text: Grace rises to go to the Creek House.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: And I tell you, Frank, it was one of
dialog: the --
text: As Grace passes by, she stumbles a bit and Robert habitually
text: rises to help, but Grace ignores him and rights herself,
text: continuing. Robert quickly sits back down, continuing.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: ... one of the uh... greatest times
dialog: of my life... I had experiences that,
dialog: I think, changed my outlook forever.
dialog: I came back a different person,
dialog: literally.
text: Tom listens with great interest and respect.
text: Back to Diane and Annie, who watch as Joe follows Grace.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I think I'm going to have my hands
dialog: full with the son of mine when you
dialog: leave. Just might be his first
dialog: broken heart.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, how sweet.
text: A burst of laughter pulls their attention to the group --
text: Robert is now standing, acting out a story.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: ... and I have no idea what he's
dialog: saying because I don't understand
dialog: Hindu...
text: Everyone is listening, with big expectant smiles. Annie
text: watches -- having heard this story before. Her eyes gradually
text: shift to Tom, who is enjoying the story.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: ... So, finally I'm trying to explain
dialog: to him that I'm allergic to wool and
dialog: would he please get his sheep out of
dialog: my car --
text: Laughter. Robert continues, giving a quick look to Annie --
text: who is looking at Tom... Robert lets it go, continuing his
dialog: story.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Grace is asleep. Robert sits by her bed, lit by the moon
text: through a window. He stares at this creature he loves so
text: much. He rises and enters Annie's room.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Tired?
text: Annie shrugs. Robert looks at the bed. He teases.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Small bed. Maybe I should sleep in
dialog: the barn.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (teases back)
dialog: You're allergic to hay.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I apologize for the surprise, but the
dialog: days only opened yesterday and I
dialog: figured...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You don't have to explain. You have
dialog: every right to come.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I can see why you put your faith in
dialog: him. He's a genuine... good guy...
dialog: Good at what he does. That's rare.
text: Annie nods. She tries to hide her discomfort. Robert sits on
text: the bed before her.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You were right about coming here. I'm
dialog: sorry for not thinking...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, it's okay. Believe me, there were
dialog: plenty of times I didn't know what
dialog: the hell was right.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: How are you feeling about work?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Let's not talk about that now.
text: And they're quiet. He moves to kiss her. It's awkward. They
text: look to each other -- as they try to remember how to make love
dialog: together...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I feel like I'm on a first date.
text: Annie smiles sympathetically.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN DANCE, HANK'S RANCH - DUSK
text: Cars and pick-up trucks haphazardly parked along a dirt
text: road... Smoking open grill barbecues. Ranchers and families
text: move about the ranch, sit and eat at picnic tables with
text: gingham tablecloths... Some teenagers hanging around the
text: corral, talking. Diane and some other women, eating and
text: talking... Frank with a group of men, drinking beer, telling
dialog: stories.
text: A BAND has been set up by the barn. People are dancing under
text: the harvest moon. Grace is dancing with Joe... Tom is dancing
text: with a local woman... Annie with a rancher... Everyone is
dialog: having a good time...
text: Robert is enjoying a smoke with some men. He looks over to
text: the dance floor and smiles when he sees Grace and Joe.
text: Joe and the Rancher trade place... Joe dances with Annie, the
text: Rancher with Grace... But Tom sees his chance and switches
text: with the Rancher so that he can dance with Grace... She is
text: thrilled and he guides her effortlessly across the floor.
text: Joe and Annie are interrupted by another couple. Joe switches
text: partners, but Annie smiles and excuses herself -- she wants to
dialog: rest.
text: Robert continues talking with some of the men. He puts out
text: his smoke and looks over to the dance floor. He sees Grace now
text: dancing with Tom... His eyes search for Annie. He moves away
text: from the men until he sees, from a distance;
text: Annie, sitting by herself, amidst the crowd... No one would
text: notice her unless they were looking for her... But Robert does
text: -- and what he sees is Annie looking at Grace and Tom... then,
text: only looking at Tom... Smiling to herself gently... Watching
text: his every move. Suddenly, she rises and exits out of the barn
dialog: to get some air.
scene_heading: EXT. HANK'S RANCH - NIGHT
text: Annie finds an isolated spot, behind the main house, to be by
text: herself and catch her breath.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - NIGHT
text: Tom and Grace continue dancing. She's in heaven. Robert
text: approaches and Tom quickly allows him to take over. Grace
text: loves the attention from both men. As they dance off, Tom
text: crosses the dance floor and is met by Hank's wife;
speaker_heading: HANK'S WIFE
dialog: Oh Tom, would you check the shed and see
dialog: if there's anymore chairs.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: EXT. HANK'S RANCH - NIGHT
text: Tom is walking along when he turns the corner of Hank's house
dialog: and finds;
text: Annie sitting alone, staring up at the night. They see each
text: other. From behind the house, no one else can see them.
text: It is as if the fates brought them face to face and alone.
text: Without any will to stop it, they embrace and kiss
text: passionately. But when they look into each other's eyes,
text: there is no joy in the kiss. Tom releases her and walks away,
text: heading for the shed. Annie quickly pulls herself together
text: and enters the main house through the back door.
scene_heading: INT. DOUBLE DIVIDE RANCH, KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Diane is once more sitting at the kitchen table, looking over
text: some bills before bed. Her tape player is on softly. Tom
text: enters and crosses to the sink to get a glass of water.
text: Diane looks up, seeing Tom with his back to her -- standing at
text: the sink, filling his glass -- staring out the window over the
text: sink. She looks to the dish of brownies on the table.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I have some brownies left over. Want
dialog: one?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (w/o turning around)
dialog: No thanks.
text: Diane senses an uneasiness in Tom. She looks as he drinks his
dialog: water.
text: MEDIUM CLOSE-UP ON TOM'S BACK, as if from Diane's POV.
dialog: But when we pull back we find ourselves;
scene_heading: INT. BARN - NIGHT
text: Tom is standing in front of Pilgrim's stall. He opens the
text: door. They look at each other. He strokes him and begins to
dialog: whisper;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: There's something you have to do
dialog: tomorrow, boy...
text: Camera gently moves away... and Tom whispers to Pilgrim what
dialog: must be done...
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIDING ARENA - DAY
text: There's a stillness. A sense of import. Annie, Robert, Frank,
text: Diane, Joe and Smokey, are all at various spots along the fence.
text: Grace stands inside the ring. Tom is standing beside Pilgrim
text: in the middle of the ring. Pilgrim is bridled and saddled.
text: Tom adjusts he stirrup. He walks over to Grace...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: All set?
text: Grace swallows hard, nodding. She's worried...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sure?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Sure.
text: Tom puts his arms around her shoulders and walks out to
text: Pilgrim. The horse pricks up his ears as they approach. Tom
text: motions Grace to stop a short distance from Pilgrim so as not
text: to crowd him. Tom walks over alone, reaching to gently take
text: hold of him. Holding him by the bridle, he puts his head
text: beside Pilgrim's, quietly speaking to him, soothing Pilgrim's
text: neck with his other hand...
text: Annie and Robert are fascinated. Anxious.
text: Pilgrim never takes his eyes off Grace. Tom tries to ease him
text: forward. Pilgrim resists, lifting his head and looking at
text: Grace so you can see the white at the top of his eye. Tom
text: turns him away, walking him in circles, trying to calm him.
text: He leads him back to Grace. Pilgrim tosses his head and
text: stomps his feet.
text: Robert grows more anxious. Annie is calmer, more focused.
text: Tom climbs up on him, riding him around the arena in an easy
text: lope. Grace watches them go round the ring. She looks at her
text: parents and tries to smile. They try as well.
text: Tom dismounts and leads Pilgrim back to Grace. Pilgrim balks
text: again, violently throwing his head, kicking... Grace's
text: shoulders slump, she presses her hands in her pockets,
dialog: fighting not to cry...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Smokey...
text: Smokey climbs over the rail into the ring as Tom says something
text: to him. Meanwhile Frank reassures Grace:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He'll be okay, Grace. Just you hang
dialog: on there a minute or two. Tom'll get
dialog: him, okay, you'll see...
text: Smokey jogs over to the gate, climbing it, and disappearing
text: into the barn. Tom crosses to Grace.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: There's still something going on
dialog: inside of him I can't reach. So me
dialog: and Smokey here, we're going to
dialog: try laying him down. Okay?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's more or less how it sounds.
dialog: Sometimes it's not pretty to watch.
dialog: Some horses fight it real hard.
dialog: Your fella's already shown us he
dialog: likes a good fight. So if you don't
dialog: want to watch, I'll call you when it's
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I want to watch.
text: Smokey re-enters the ring, carrying some rope. He talks
text: briefly to Tom. Pilgrim, sensing something, turns and runs to
text: the far side of the ring. Tom, his arms spread, walks over
text: to him, keeping him by the fence. Tom takes him by the
text: bridle. Smokey comes beside him. Tom unhitches the bridle and
text: in its place slips a rope halter Smokey passes to him.
text: Smokey then hands him two long ropes, one at a time. Tom
text: fastens one under the halter and ties the other to the saddle
text: horn. Tom asks Smokey.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You got that soft rope?
text: Smokey hands it to him. Tom quietly talks to Pilgrim, runs
text: his hand down Pilgrim's left foreleg and lifts his hoof.
text: Pilgrim slightly shifts. And when he's still, Tom slips the
text: loop at the end of the soft rope over the hoof making sure
text: it's snug. And taking the other end of the rope, he hoists the
text: weight of Pilgrim's raised hoof and ties the rope to the
text: saddle horn. Pilgrim stands on three legs -- an explosion
text: waiting to happen. Tom moves away from Pilgrim, taking the
text: halter line from Smokey. Pilgrim, trying to move, finds he's
text: crippled. Scared, he lurches, hopping on his right foreleg.
text: Seeing he can't walk, panicked, he tries to run. Tom and
text: Smokey, brace themselves, lean back on their ropes and force
text: him around them in a tight circle. He goes around and around
text: like a crazed rocking horse with a broken leg. Tom looks over
text: and sees Annie has left Robert outside the ring to stand by
text: an anguished Grace -- her hands on her shoulders, gripping
text: her. Robert watches, feeling too much a foreigner...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What is he doing this?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It'll be OK, Grace.
text: But even Frank isn't so sure. Pilgrim, covered in sweat,
text: still circles. As he runs, his hobbled foot jabs at the air,
text: trying to find peace. He runs and runs as Tom and Smokey lean
text: on the ropes -- until he can't run any more and stops. Tom and
text: Smokey let the lines go slack. Pilgrim, stands there, his wet
text: sides heaving, panting like an asthmatic, making loud rasping
text: sounds. Tom and Smokey speak. Smokey hands him his rope.
text: Turning, he gets a coiled lasso out of the sand. He swings
text: the rope in a wide loop and makes it fall over Pilgrim's
text: saddle horn. He pulls it tight. And he takes the other end of
text: the rope to the far side of the fence and ties it in a quick
text: release knot to the bottom rung. Coming back he takes the
text: other two lines from Tom. Tom crosses to the rail. He starts
text: putting pressure on the rope. Pilgrim feeing it, braces
text: himself. The pressure tilts the saddle hold downward.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Grace and Annie)
text: He's trying to get him to go down
text: on his knees...
text: Pilgrim fights. Tom pulls on the rope. Pilgrim, slowly,
text: begrudgingly, gives ground. Tom, brings him to his knees,
text: but it is short lived. Pilgrim is muscling his way back to
text: his feet. Tom pulls him down to his knees again. Pilgrim,
text: fighting with every bit of strength, slowly gets to his feet
text: again. But the pressure Tom is putting on the saddle is too
text: strong and relentless and finally Pilgrim goes down on his
text: knees and stays down. Yet Tom keeps the pressure on... Tom
text: shouts to Smokey.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Drop the lines and come help me...
text: Smokey, dropping the line, runs over. They both pull on
text: the saddle rope.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: That's enough! Stop it!
text: Pilgrim snorts and foams at the mouth, fighting. But
text: slowly, like a wounded bird, she starts giving in. He
text: rolls over on his side and lays his head in the sand and
text: is still. It seems like a total, humiliating surrender.
text: Grace starts to sob, burying her face in Annie's chest.
text: Robert feels impotent to help.
speaker_heading: TOM
speaker_heading: GRACE!
text: Tom and Smokey stand over the fallen horse like two big
text: game hunters at the carcass of a kill.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: GRACE! Will you come here, please!
text: Grace shakes her head "NO." Frank motions to Annie for
dialog: her to let Grace go... to let stand alone... We see
text: that it's not easy for Annie to trust this, but she does.
text: And she steps back to where Robert stands...
text: Tom, his face set, walks toward Grace...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Grace, I need you to come with me.
text: Grace violently shakes her head "NO"... Robert gets up the
dialog: courage to say aloud:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Well maybe she shouldn't be here...
text: Annie quickly turns to him and says with quick intensity:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Robert! Let him handle it! Please!
text: Robert can't watch this. He turns and takes a few steps.
text: Just stops... standing behind and apart from Annie, to
text: just watch... slowly becoming transfixed, like someone
text: who can't stop staring at an accident.
text: Tom reaches Grace and puts his hand tenderly on her shoulder...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Grace, I need you to come with me.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: No, you're only going to hurt him
dialog: some more.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: He's not hurt. He's okay. Look at him.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (turned away)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Grace, Listen... you've got to do this.
dialog: Just trust me one more time.
text: Grace looks into his eyes and is reminded of all this man
dialog: has done for her... and she remembers her trust.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Do what?
text: Tom, prouder of her now than ever before.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll show you.
text: Tom leads her across the ring, with his arm around her
text: shoulder. Annie tries to maintain her composure. Robert
text: remains still and focused.
text: Tom and Grace come to Pilgrim, lying in the dirt, his
text: breathing plaintive. Tom speaks gently;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I want you to lay down with him. I
dialog: want you to stroke him. I want to
text: start with his hindquarters and rub
dialog: him, feel him all over.
text: Grace is shaking her head "NO." He speaks more firmly.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Grace, you've got to do what I say.
text: Grace knows there's no way out. She takes a breath and slowly
text: kneels in the dirt beside him, with Tom's help. She lays on
text: him, rubbing him, his hindquarters, his legs, his side,
text: softly rubbing his neck and the wet silky side of his head.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Now, listen. I want you to stand on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?!
text: Tom responds to their voice without looking at them:
speaker_heading: TOM
speaker_heading: PLEASE!
dialog: (they stop)
dialog: Grace, do what I'm telling you. Stand
dialog: on him... now!
text: Grace obeys him through her tears. She lets Tom take her hand
text: and guide her up onto the curve of Pilgrim's belly. Then he
text: lets go. Grace stands there with teas steaming down her
text: face -- standing on the animal she loved most in the world.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's so cruel.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No. He had the choice.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What choice!!?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Either fight the way things are or
dialog: accept it.
text: Robert, however, is hypnotized by the event. He is having a
text: private epiphany of sorts.
text: Grace sits in the dirt by Pilgrim and strokes him quietly --
text: she begins talking to him, the way Tom does. Tom watches, as
text: he cautiously steps further away. Pilgrim looks up at Grace
text: out of the dark pool of his one sad eye. They look at each
dialog: other. And we understand there's a connection once more. A
dialog: moment of understanding... and forgiveness.
text: Grace starts to untie his ropes. Smokey is about to stop her
text: but Tom shakes "NO"...
text: Pilgrim, like an infant coming out of the water, breathing
text: life for the first time, gets to his feet. Grace and him look
text: to each other. And all is still.
text: Grace grabs the saddle horn. Pilgrim shuffles as if he's
text: going to bolt. Grace quietly reassures him... She then
text: carefully puts her prosthetic leg in the stirrup. Pilgrim
text: shifts slightly. Annie covers her mouth so as not to scream
text: out her fear. Robert breaths heavily. They watch as Grace
text: swings her leg, determined, and pulls herself into the
text: saddle. Sitting on his back, Pilgrim tosses his head and
text: looks as he's going to run off. But Grace puts her arms
text: around his neck, and once again, quietly reassures him.
text: She starts to ride him, slowly, her arms around his neck,
text: talking all the while, around the ring.
text: Annie laughs as she cries -- emotion overwhelming her. Robert
text: feels almost numb with fascination, gratitude, confusion...
text: The slow ride turns into a trot... then a lope... then a
text: canter... round and round the ring. Frank and Diane smile.
text: Diane looks to Tom and knows what he's feeling...
text: Tom watches as any father would -- his heart pounding with
text: pride for the miracle of his child. But he doesn't let on for
dialog: a second.
text: Grace brings Pilgrim to a stop, lifts her arms to the
text: heavens, victorious. Everyone cheers. Smokey helps her off
text: the horse. She stops to look at Tom, who busies himself with
text: picking up the ropes... So she re-focuses on her parents. They
text: run to each other and embrace... First, she and Annie... then,
dialog: she and her father...
text: But, as Robert and Grace hold each other and begins to exit,
text: Annie manages to make eye contact with Tom... and tell him
text: with one look, how grateful she is... and how much she loves
dialog: him. And he receives it...
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE - DAY
text: WE FOLLOW THE DAYS AFTER THIS EVENT...
text: Work on the ranch goes on as usual while Tom and Grace keep
text: nurturing Pilgrim back to life.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - ANOTHER DAY
text: Grace and Annie go riding...
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN TRAIL - DAY
text: Robert takes an isolated hike up the mountain until he comes
text: upon a ridge overlooking an inspiring vista. We can tell
text: Robert is moved by the sight. Sweaty, tired, he find a place
dialog: to sit... to be still... and to consider his life.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RANCH HOUSE - DAY
text: Frank's car is parked up for the trip to the airport that
dialog: will take the Bookers to Branton, Missouri for Diane's
dialog: cousin's wedding...
text: Grace, Annie and Robert are outside saying goodbye to the
text: Bookers; Diane, the Twins... and Joe... Joe awkwardly shakes
text: her hand... then removes his hat and puts it on her head.
text: Everyone laughs. They want to hug each other, but don't know
dialog: if they would...
text: Frank and Tom are packing the car...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Oh Frank, don't forget the wedding
text: present -- it's behind the door in
text: the laundry room.
dialog: (to Robert and Annie)
dialog: I got her a pasta maker from the
dialog: catalogue... Not that they'll know
dialog: what to do with it in Branton,
dialog: Missouri... Probably use it as a
dialog: planter.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Diane!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Frank's touchy about his cousins.
dialog: (they laugh)
dialog: Well, it was nice to meet you, Mr.
dialog: MacLean.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Same here, Mrs. Booker. Thank you
dialog: again for all your kindness.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Ah...
text: Diane turns to Annie. Robert instinctively steps away, saying
text: goodbye to Joe and the boys... The two women look at each
dialog: other with respect and concern.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Now, are you sure you want to drive
dialog: that horse back yourself? There are
dialog: plenty of people 'round here who do
dialog: that sort of thing.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I already know the way... and it's
dialog: not like I have a job I have to rush
dialog: home for.
dialog: (Diane nods)
dialog: Between you and me, I could use the
dialog: time alone.
text: Diane understands.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: And you'll be all right by yourself
dialog: here,
dialog: (referring to Robert and Grace)
dialog: after they've gone?
text: Tom hears this bit of info as he passes by with the wedding
text: present and puts it in the truck. Annie makes sure to avert
dialog: her look.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's just one night. If I get
dialog: uncomfortable, I'll go over to
dialog: Hanks.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (double meaning)
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Promise.
text: Diane just nods, knowingly. She extends her hand. The women
dialog: shake.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Good luck to you, Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You too, Diane.
text: They part. Diane starts giving order as she gets in the car:
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: All right, everybody in. Frank, we
dialog: all set...
text: Camera wides as we hear the voices of departure... see the
text: MacLeans waving... See Tom off by himself, waving... but
dialog: thinking of something else...
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: In the midst of packing, Annie has made dinner for Grace and
text: Robert. In the midst of eating, Robert asks:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Shouldn't we have invited Tom over?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I did. He said he had work to do
dialog: until late.
text: Annie remains silent.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Tom exits with a small, leather satchel. He crosses to his
text: truck, tosses in the satchel, gets in and drives off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - MORNING
text: Grace enters the barn to say goodbye to Pilgrim.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: She moves to his stall and opens the doors. He stands there,
text: without any fear of her. She smiles and enters. She wraps her
text: arm around his neck, pets him and whispers.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'll see you home... OK?
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - DAY
text: Everything is being packed up. Robert is dressed for travel.
text: Annie is taping up the boxes containing her computer
dialog: equipment.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Are you going to stay in the city or
dialog: go up to Connecticut?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Connecticut. I told the office I'd
dialog: work out of there next week. When are
dialog: you planning to start back?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Probably first thing in the morning.
dialog: It's too late to start now. I'm going
dialog: to try not to do too much driving in
dialog: the dark.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: May I have a suggestion?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah, what?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Take your time.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Annie looks up from the box to see Robert is calmly staring
text: at her. His demeanor is different. Something's going on.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You look like something's wrong.
text: This is Robert's moment. He knows it. He takes a breath and
dialog: hopes it comes out right:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'll tell you something, Annie -- I
dialog: stood there looking at what was
dialog: happening to that horse... And, I
dialog: swear, it felt like the same thing
dialog: was happening to me.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't understa-
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (continues)
dialog: And I have two choices. I can either
dialog: fight the way things are, or accept
dialog: them.
dialog: (Annie waits; he smiles)
dialog: See, I always knew I loved you more.
dialog: Didn't bother me. I always felt
dialog: lucky... a little amazed... that such
dialog: a vibrant, beautiful woman would want
dialog: to be with a man like me... And I
dialog: guess I thought as long as I did
dialog: everything right -- if I was the best
dialog: husband I could be, the best father...
dialog: even being a good lawyer only mattered
dialog: to me because of what it meant for
dialog: us... if I could do all that, it
dialog: wouldn't make any difference if we
dialog: loved each other the same or not...
dialog: I wasn't asking for more. I told myself
dialog: I didn't need more.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: But you don't know how you feel about
dialog: me. You don't know... if you want a
dialog: life with me anymore...
dialog: (bravely)
dialog: And I don't want you to come home
dialog: until you do know...
dialog: (the hard part)
dialog: ... one way or the other.
dialog: Annie cannot remember a time when she ever loved her husband
dialog: more than in this moment -- knowing what it took for him to
dialog: say this. She would not disrespect it with denials. Her
text: throat is choked with tears, she swallows down. She nods.
text: Robert nods, feeling both pride and heartbreak in the same
text: moment. He picks up his bag, kisses her goodbye and exits.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH HOUSE - DAY
text: Annie and Robert walk towards the car to find Grace, leaning
text: against it -- looking depressed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What's the matter, honey? Gonna miss
dialog: Pilgrim?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Tom's gone.
text: Both Robert and Annie are surprised.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Smokey told me he left last night to
text: look at some horses in Sheriden. He
dialog: won't be back for three days. I can't
dialog: believe he didn't want to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (hiding her own distress)
dialog: Well... honey... you know... that's
dialog: just not his way. Maybe you can write
dialog: him a letter or something. Say thank
dialog: you... Don't think about it... You
dialog: take care and I'll see you home.
text: She embraces Grace and, over her shoulder, watches Robert
text: enter the car. Grace follows suit. The car drives off leaving
text: Annie alone at the Double Divide.
scene_heading: EXT. CREEK HOUSE - DUSK
text: The ranch is still. Annie stands on the porch, her arms
text: folded, vulnerable, looking at the ranch. All her boxes are
text: packed and stacked in the room. She looks over to the Ranch
text: House... to Tom's window.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S ROOM - DUSK
text: A light goes on. Annie enters, cautiously. She's never been
text: in this room. She crosses to the desk, touches it. She
text: notices a tape player and pushes it on. MUSIC PLAYS... She
text: sees a small framed photo -- of Tom's son, years ago.
text: Suddenly, she feels like an intruder. She shuts the music off
dialog: and exits...
scene_heading: INT. BARN - DUSK
text: Annie faces Pilgrim... she gently lifts her hand and caresses
text: his face. He returns her gentleness. Annie is remembering
text: Robert's words, her heart is heavy with conflict. She jokes:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Why do I get the feeling you know
dialog: what I should do, but you're not
dialog: telling me?
text: She hears a truck pull up... Then, a door open and close. Her
text: heart races...
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - DUSK
text: Annie exits the barn and sees:
text: Tom, walking away from the truck with the headlights left
text: on... is walking right towards her.
text: Annie begins moving towards him, When they meet:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I won't apologize for this. And I
dialog: won't hide it. Not for anybody.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I won't ask you to.
text: He takes her in his arms and they kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Tom leads Annie to the front door. She waits as he unlocks it.
scene_heading: INT. RANCH HOUSE, SECOND FLOOR, TOM'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Tom leads her to his room. Annie cups his grasp on her with
text: both hands. He opens the door for her, ushers her in, then
text: closes the door. He hangs his hat. She turns to him. They
text: embrace, surrendering to each other's passions.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RANCH - DAWN
text: Camera pas from Tom's window, bright with dawn, past his
text: desk upon which his classical music is playing, over to the
text: two lovers in bed, kissing and embracing. Then:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, God, what are we going to do?
dialog: I'm supposed to --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ssshhh...
dialog: (she stops)
dialog: Stand still, Annie. Takes what we've
dialog: got, just for now. Can you do that?
text: Beat. She nods. The permission Tom is giving her acts like a
dialog: great burden being lifted, and for the time being, she
text: surrenders and accepts the gift of what they feel. They kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RANCH - DAY
text: Since the ranch must continue, Tom and Annie move through a
dialog: day of ranch chores --
text: -- TOM AND ANNIE CLEANING STALLS AND FEEDING THE HORSES.
text: -- TOM IS TRYING TO SHOW ANNIE HOW HE HAS TO FIX SOMETHING.
text: ANNIE INTERRUPTING WITH HER OWN IDEAS... TOM TRIES TO EXPLAIN
text: BUT ANNIE KEEPS TALKING, EXCITED BY HER PLAN... TOM LAUGHS.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - DAY
text: ANNIE HAS UNPACKED HER COMPUTER AND HOOKED IT UP, SHOWING
text: TOM HOW TO USE IT. HE PUSHES THE THRONG BUTTON AND MAKES A
text: FRIGHTENED FACE... ANNIE SCREAMS, THEN LAUGHS AND HUGS HIM.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: THEY ARE MAKING LOVE ON A BLANKET AMIDST OF THE MOVING BOXES IN
text: THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, RANCH HOUSE - DAY
text: -- ANNIE COOKING LUNCH IN THE KITCHEN, SEEING TOM WORKING WITH
text: SMOKEY...
scene_heading: EXT. PASTURE - DAY
text: -- THE TWO ARE EATING LUNCH IN THE PASTURE. THEY ARE TALKING
scene_heading: SERIOUSLY ABOUT SOMETHING... PERHAPS EVEN DISAGREEING... ANNIE
text: SHAKES HER HEAD, NOT WANTING TO LISTEN. THEY EAT IN SILENCE.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: -- THEY ARE WALKING AND DISCUSSING, HOLDING HANDS... UNTIL TOM
text: WRAPS HIS ARM AROUND HER AND HOLDS HER CLOSER... ANNIE, BURYING
text: HER HEAD IN HIS BODY.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: Tom and Annie, their horses packed with gear, ride across the
text: high mountain pasture through the grazing cattle...
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: Annie and Tom sit overlooking a breathtaking view. Tom is
text: showing her the rope trick... She looks down at their touching
text: fingers and he gently pulls the rope away, still knotted, and
text: without ever breaking their touch... Annie looks into his
text: eyes, understanding what this means, raises his hand to her
text: mouth and kisses it. She looks up at him with a curious
dialog: expression;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Show me again.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Annie!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: One more time.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - DUSK
text: Annie lays asleep in Tom's arms, under a blanket. He picks up
text: another blanket with his free hand and shimmies it under her
text: head, laying her down. She snuggles with the blanket and
text: keeps sleeping.
text: Tom takes a moment to look at her as she sleeps, gently
text: brushing her hair away from her eyes. He's deeply in love
dialog: with this woman and wants to keep her with him. But there is
text: a sad resignation in his look. A confusion.
text: He rises and walks to a stream nearby. He bends down to take
text: some water when he hears something. He looks up and sees on
dialog: the other side:
text: A WILD HORSE giving birth to a foal in the tall grass. And a
text: WHITE STALLION steps in between Tom and the mare, as if
dialog: protecting her.
text: Tom rises slowly to his feet. Then stands stock still. He and
text: the Stallion penetrate each other.
text: Suddenly this beautiful, powerful Stallion rears -- violently.
text: Tom remains still, but clearly the horse is treating him as
dialog: an invader...
text: It's as if the Whisperer is now being guided by the Horse
text: towards understanding. As Tom receives it, he remembers;
speaker_heading: TOM (V.O.)
dialog: Summers are short here, Annie. There
dialog: isn't much of a fall. Before you know
dialog: it, the roads are closed... the nights
dialog: get long.
text: WE BEGIN TO FADE OUT ON TOM
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I don't care! We'd be together.
speaker_heading: TOM (V.O.)
dialog: Two people can't just be alone together
dialog: in the world. At least not us...
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I can't do this. I can't leave you...
text: Voice-Overs have carried over into a...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Tom and Annie make love...
speaker_heading: ANNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I won't.
dialog: But there is a difference in their lovemaking. There's a
text: slowness, a reverence... a sense of two people so bounded, that
text: they are outside of time... Their love is so strong it almost
dialog: feels like despair -- their need to connect has gone beyond
dialog: their bodies and into their spirits, for which there is no
dialog: earthly satisfaction.
scene_heading: EXT. CREEK HOUSE - MORNING
text: The sun has risen.
scene_heading: INT. CREEK HOUSE - MORNING
text: Annie awakens in bed and discovers she is alone. She looks
text: around for Tom. She rises and enters the other room to
dialog: discover:
text: All her boxes and all her luggage have been removed.
text: Her heart sinks. Tom re-enters, fully dressed, to get the
text: last box. He sees on her face a look of confusion and hurt.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I figured, whenever you decided to
dialog: go, you'd be all set.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (curt)
dialog: How thoughtful of you. And what if
dialog: I decide not to go?
text: Tom doesn't know how to respond. He looks away and bends down
text: to reach for the box when Annie commands:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Leave me alone!
text: Beat. They stand awkwardly for a moment, until;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (pleadingly)
dialog: Annie, please...
text: Tom reaches to embrace her, but Annie attacks him. Punching
text: his chest... pulling at his shirt as Tom tries to put his
text: arms around her...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: NO!... NO!... YOU DON'T DECIDE
dialog: THIS!... NO!...
text: Tom's heart is breaking as he manages to get his arms around
text: her and hold her... as she breaks down and softly, the rage
text: passes... Annie speaks softly.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: I don't know any other way, Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (more adamant)
dialog: Why?
dialog: Suddenly;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You think this is easy for me!?
text: Annie is struck by the powerful sincerity of his words;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's just happened this way sometimes.
dialog: I can't explain it. But I look at you
dialog: and see Grace and I see Robert, and
dialog: no matter what you decide about him,
dialog: I just know this is right. Your life
dialog: isn't here and you know it.
text: Annie looks into his eyes and asks, softly defiant;
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Then what have we been doing? I mean
dialog: what was the point?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (confused by her question)
dialog: The point was to love each other.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Why?
text: As if there has to be a result... Tom looks at her and says
dialog: with an almost innocent conviction:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Because we had to... And I'll never
dialog: stop loving you, Annie. Here. Where
dialog: my life is.
text: The simplicity, and truth, of it hits Annie strongly.
text: Annie releases herself from him and turns away... despondent.
text: Realizing the utter truth and inevitability of what he says.
text: She starts shaking her head. Tom can't hear it... He reaches
dialog: for her;
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Annie...
text: She turns back into his arms and they kiss passionately...
text: holding each other... as if for the last time.
scene_heading: EXT. RANCH HOUSE - DAY
text: Tom is escorting Pilgrim into the trailer attached to the
text: Suburban. He looks across the ranch to see the figure of
text: Annie, standing alone, perfectly still, in the pasture,
text: looking out to the horizon... (reminiscent of Tom earlier in
dialog: the film)
scene_heading: EXT. THE PASTURE - DAY
text: Tom approaches Annie from behind, stopping a few feet away.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Annie?
text: She doesn't answer... as if she has found her own private
text: place within her, at last... A place of strength. She looks as
text: if she knows what must be done... She hears him about to walk
dialog: away when she asks:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Can we go for one more ride?
text: Tom stops. Considers this. Then:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sure. I'll saddle them up.
text: He exits. Not seeing the tears in Annie's eyes.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - DAY
text: Tom enters the barn slowly. He crosses to Rimrock's stall...
text: then stops. As if he is waiting. As if he knows...
text: Then... he hears the sound of Annie's Suburban starting up. He
text: looks up and knows she's leaving. He waits.
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE DIVIDE - CONTINUOUS
text: Wide angle of Annie driving away in the Suburban with the
dialog: trailer.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Annie doesn't look back -- her eyes wet with tears -- but no
dialog: sobs.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: Tom lowers his head. It is not his way to say goodbye. And he
text: is moved by Annie's knowing.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAYS & ROADS ACROSS AMERICA - DAYS & NIGHTS
text: A MONTAGE of images of Annie traveling home...
text: Across different terrains, we see Annie driving -- missing
dialog: Tom... thinking of what she will decide by the time she gets
text: home. Remembering IMAGES OF TOM:
text: -- Riding on Rimrock and tipping his hat to her...
text: -- Sitting in the pasture, staring at Pilgrim. Ignoring her.
text: -- Seeing her arrive at the ranch for the very first time.
scene_heading: EXT. A DIFFERENT HIGHWAY OR COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: Annie drives, she continues remembering...
dialog: -- She and Tom in the branding...
text: -- She and Tom dancing around the camp fire at the cattle drive.
text: -- She and Tom kissing in secrecy behind Hank's house the night
dialog: of the barn dance...
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER HIGHWAY OR COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: Annie continues driving and remembering;
text: -- Annie and Tom coming towards each other that first night
dialog: after everyone had left the ranch...
text: -- Tom opening the front door to the ranch house...
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY WE;
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S HOUSE IN INDIA - A DAY REMEMBERED
text: A much younger Annie waits, surrounded by luggage, as A DOOR
text: OPENS revealing a much younger, more vital, very handsome
dialog: Robert:
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hi. Um, there doesn't seem to be any
dialog: hotel room available and someone told
dialog: me to come here and ask for "Tubab"
dialog: who might to have a place for me to
dialog: stay. Are you "Tubab"?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No. I am a "tubab."
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Tubab means white man.
text: Annie is first surprised, then embarrassed but Robert seems so
text: charming and his smile breaks into a laugh, that she just nods
text: and laughs herself.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S HOME IN INDIA - A NIGHT REMEMBERED
text: Over a meal, Robert talks excitedly of his experiences. Annie
text: is captivated.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM IN INDIA - A NIGHT REMEMBERED
text: After Annie and Robert have made love, Robert sleeps with his
text: arms wrapped around Annie. She lies awake, feeling safe and
dialog: loved.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: EXT. LITTLE BIGHORN NATIONAL MONUMENT - TWILIGHT
text: Annie stands where she stood when she and Grace stopped here on
dialog: their way to Montana...
text: She removes from her pocket the KNOTTED LOOP he made for her,
text: and looks at it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MACLEAN CONNECTICUT HOME - DAY
text: A car is driving up the driveway to the house. It stops.
text: Robert and Grace get out as Annie exits from the front door.
text: She looks beautiful -- but in a completely different way than
text: ever before. There is a calm center to her. A softness and a
text: strength. She smiles and walks to meet them.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Oh, I miss you. You look beautiful.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: So do you.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How's everything?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (to Robert)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Hi.
text: They kiss as Grace watches.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Was the trip okay?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mmm. I made good time.
dialog: (to Grace)
dialog: Pilgrim's in the back. I found a new
dialog: stable, but they can't take him until
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Great!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Go ahead...
text: Grace exits excitedly O.C. Annie and Robert face each other.
text: Robert doesn't know what to expect... but he softens when Annie
dialog: smiles:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I have so much to tell you.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You want to take a walk with me?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: (a little nervous)
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I don't know. Let's just go and...
dialog: we'll see...
text: Annie nods. He reaches for her hand, and Annie gives it
text: willingly... They begin to walk away from Camera... together.
text: Annie begins to speak, telling him what we already know. How
dialog: he will react or what will happen, is unknown. But these two
dialog: people will no longer avoid their life together... somehow,
dialog: they will make the effort to face it together.
text: As Camera Widens, we see included in the frame, Grace and
text: Pilgrim... as she strokes him and whispers in his ear... and
text: leads him for a walk...
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
