dialog: Untitled Anna Faris Bunny Project
dialog: by
dialog: Karen McCullah Lutz & Kirsten Smith
dialog: Revisions by
dialog: Allen Covert
dialog: Current Revisions by
dialog: Tom Hertz and Adam Sandler
dialog: April 30, 2007
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYBOY MANSION - DAY 1
text: The iconic Playboy Mansion in all its glory. Peacocks and
text: flamingos wander amongst topiaries celebrating the female
text: form. Two hummingbirds feed off the ‘nipples’ of a pair of
text: topiary breasts.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION POOL - DAY 2
text: A lagoon-like oasis where BEAUTIFUL BLONDES frolic and splash
text: as admiring men watch. We follow a shirtless BUTLER carrying
text: a tray of cocktails. He passes ADAM LEVINE from Maroon 5 who
text: sits on the diving board playing an acoustic version of "THIS
text: LOVE", entertaining the ladies.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEVINE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "I have no choice, ‘cause I won't
dialog: say goodbye any more --"
text: A nearby girl wearing an oversize T-shirt hears the song.
text: She drifts toward the music as if in a trance, stripping off
text: her shirt to reveal her tiny bikini. SCOTT CAAN does a
text: running cannon-ball into the pool, splashing the girls.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: (whiny)
dialog: Scott! You're getting us wet!
speaker_heading: SCOTT CAAN
dialog: Hey Dad, did you see how big that
dialog: splash was?
text: JAMES CAAN is lounging by the pool surrounded by young girls.
speaker_heading: JAMES CAAN
dialog: Yeah Scott, that’s just great.
dialog: (back to girls)
dialog: Anyway, then Francis Ford Coppola
dialog: says ‘Jimmy, you should direct The
dialog: Godfather. After all, you wrote
dialog: it.’ And I said, ‘No Francis, why
dialog: don’t you do it.’ It felt good to
dialog: give the kid a break.
text: The girls all react, impressed. Then we see HUGH HEFNER
dialog: being interviewed.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: So Hef, as far as women go, do you
dialog: have a ‘type’?
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: A type? No, I wouldn’t say I have
dialog: a ‘type’.
text: Widen to REVEAL Hef is surrounded by his three NEARLY
scene_heading: IDENTICAL BUXOM BLONDES.
speaker_heading: HEF (CONT'D)
dialog: As long as a woman is beautiful on
dialog: the inside, that’s what counts.
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: Speaking of...
text: We see SHELLEY DARLINGTON, 29, blonde, beautiful, tan,
text: adorably wide-eyed. Sweet and bubbly, she radiates optimism
dialog: and good cheer.
speaker_heading: HEF (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s my Shelley.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hi, Hef!
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: (to interviewer )
dialog: Shelley Darlington, she’s lived
dialog: here at the mansion for almost ten
dialog: years. She’s one of my favorites.
text: Shelley smiles, but at one end of the line of Hef’s girls a
text: bunny glares at Shelley, obviously jealous of her
text: relationship with Hef. This is CASSANDRA, 20’s, a hot Bunny
text: with an ego as big as her boobs.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: You're so sweet to me Hef, but all
dialog: the girls here are great.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: And you're like their Mama Bear,
dialog: taking care of them all.
text: Hef's girls all smile, Cassandra just rolls her eyes in
dialog: disgust.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - POOL - MOMENTS LATER 3
text: Shelley is treading water when suddenly Scott Caan swims up.
speaker_heading: SCOTT CAAN
dialog: When are you gonna let me steal you
dialog: away from this place, Shelley?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Don't be silly. Why would anyone
dialog: ever leave the mansion?
speaker_heading: SCOTT CAAN
dialog: Good point. Hey Levine, how about
dialog: a chicken fight!
speaker_heading: ADAM LEVINE
dialog: You just signed your death warrant,
dialog: Caan.
text: Adam Levine ditches his guitar and dives in. Scott Caan
text: dives under and surfaces under Shelley and lifts her up on
text: his shoulders.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, my gosh! I love riding
text: bareback.
text: Adam Levine comes up under..
speaker_heading: CASSANDRA
dialog: (to Shelley; a little too
dialog: intense)
dialog: You're goin' down...
speaker_heading: SCOTT CAAN
dialog: Take her, Shelley.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I don’t want to chicken fight, I’m
dialog: a vegetarian...
speaker_heading: SCOTT CAAN
dialog: It’s not fighting, it’s just fun.
text: Cassandra grabs Shelley’s head roughly and shoves her back,
text: Shelley topples with a splash. She bobs back up, drenched and
text: disoriented.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Did we win?
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - POOL —- MOMENTS LATER 4
text: CLOSE ON a frozen cocktail being poured into a glass. We PULL
text: BACK to see Shelley, now dry, surrounded by adoring MEN as
text: MARVIN, the handsome shirtless butler from before, refills
dialog: their drinks.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Thank you, Marvin. You make the
dialog: best margaritas.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: That’s cuz these are mangoritas. I
dialog: invented them myself.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Wow, they taste so much better when
dialog: you spell it that way. Aren’t these
dialog: the best Mangoritas guys?
text: The men -- aging lotharios -- grunt in agreement. The COWBOY
text: stares at her boobs.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
text: Not as good as the scenery, but
dialog: I'll drink ‘em.
text: Shelley looks behind her.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, you like the waterfall?
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: No, darlin', I was talking about
dialog: your te-taas.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (deeply touched)
text: They’re two years old on Friday.
text: Cassandra comes walking over.
speaker_heading: CASSANDRA
dialog: Shelley why are you keeping all the
dialog: rich good looking guys to yourself?
dialog: I think you should introduce me.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Of course. This is Cassandra she’s
dialog: only been here a few months, but
dialog: everybody loves her because she is
dialog: super beautiful and she never
dialog: throws up on anyone when she’s
dialog: drunk.
text: The men all nod in admiration. Cassandra looks disgusted.
speaker_heading: POTBELLY
dialog: So, tell us, Shelley, how does a
dialog: girl become a Bunny?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Well, when I was a senior in high
dialog: school, my guidance counselor said
dialog: he knew the perfect job for me. So
dialog: he took a picture of me in my
dialog: bikini and sent it to the magazine.
dialog: The next thing I knew, I was in LA
dialog: shaking hands with Hugh Hefner! And
dialog: he told me I didn't have to live in
dialog: a foster home anymore. I could live
dialog: here and have a whole new family!
dialog: So, here I am.
speaker_heading: COMBOVER
dialog: Are you a centerfold?
speaker_heading: CASSANDRA
dialog: (catty)
dialog: She wishes.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yeah, I do so cross your fingers,
dialog: hopefully Hef might give me good
dialog: news at my birthday party this
dialog: weekend...
dialog: (sotto; excited)
dialog: I have my turn-ons ready and
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: POTBELLY
dialog: And what might those be...?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
text: Tanning, giving backrubs,
text: convertibles, and rude people.
dialog: (beat, then)
dialog: No, wait, rude people is a turn-
dialog: off. I’m such a yummy dummy.
speaker_heading: CASSANDRA
dialog: True that.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Being a centerfold is the highest,
dialog: most prestigious honor there is.
dialog: It says “I’m naked in the middle of
dialog: the magazine; unfold me.”
speaker_heading: POTBELLY
dialog: I suppose it's kinda like the Nobel
dialog: “piece of ass” Prize.
text: They laugh hysterically. Shelley looks confused. Potbelly
text: puts his arm around her and gives her a squeeze.
speaker_heading: POTBELLY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Well, darlin', seems like you've
dialog: got a pretty good life here.
text: Shelley beams, dreamily.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: It's paradise --
scene_heading: EXT. PRIVE SALON - DAY 5
text: CREDITS ROLL and "BIG PIMPIN'" by Jay Z PLAYS, as a limo
text: pulls up, disgorging a bevy of Bunnies, Shelley happily
text: leading the way.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVE SALON - DAY 6
text: We track down a row of salon chairs filled with Bunnies being
text: beautified. Hair is bleached and blown. Extensions are
text: attached. Make-up is applied. Unwanted hairs are waxed.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION/LAWN - DAY 7
text: Shelley leads the girls in Yoga on the lawn. She moves into
text: the downward dog position, all the girls follow. A bunch of
text: gardeners stop what they’re doing to jostle for position
text: behind the girls to stare.
scene_heading: EXT. DENTAL/TEETH WHITENING OFFICE - DAY 8
text: All of the girls exit the with big clean smiles. They
text: excitedly check out each others teeth and look at their own
text: in little compact mirrors. They all hi-five each other
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION/ZOO - DAY 9
text: The girls are feeding the animals in their bikinis. One of
text: the monkeys rips a girls bikini top off. The topless girl
text: covers her boobs so the monkey can’t see them and everyone
text: laughs. A girl monkey comes out and smacks the rapist monkey.
scene_heading: 10 INT. TRENDY BOUTIQUE - DAY 10
text: The Bunnies pull skimpy clothes off the rack as they're
text: attended to by eager Saleswomen. Shelley steps out of the
text: dressing room in an adorably slutty cocktail dress, twirling
text: with delight.
speaker_heading: CASSANDRA
dialog: I love that dress. Too bad it's the
dialog: last one.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: It is? Then you should take it.
text: The salesgirl pulls a red version of the dress off of the
dialog: rack.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
text: Here it is in red.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Yay! We can be different color
dialog: twins!
speaker_heading: CASSANDRA
dialog: (not excited)
dialog: Great.
text: They all walk over to the counter with arms full of clothes
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: We'll put this on the Mansion tab
dialog: and have it all sent over this
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Aren't we the luckiest girls in the
dialog: world?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Yes. You are.
scene_heading: 11 INT. MANSION - NIGHT 11
text: Shelley’s massive birthday party is in full swing. Everyone
text: is dressed as pirates. Marvin the butler wheels in a huge
text: cake that says ‘Happy Birthday Shelley’. Shelley makes a
text: silent wish, then she blows the candles out and everyone goes
dialog: nuts.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - LATER THAT NIGHT 12
text: The Bunnies are on the dance floor and shake their money-
text: makers amidst a crowd of admirers. A waitress arrives with a
text: tray of kamikaze shots. The Bunnies clink, drink and continue
text: dancing. Shelley, in the center of it all, is having the time
dialog: of her life, as we DISSOLVE TO --
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - MORNING 13
text: A new day at the Mansion.
scene_heading: INT. SHELLEY'S MANSION ROOM - DAY 14
text: Decorated with PHOTOS from nine years of Mansion festivities.
text: Her BUNNY EARS are on a special shelf, lit like an Oscar.
text: Shelley sleeps, hugging POOTER, her cranky white Himalayan
text: cat. Marvin (shirtless) enters with a breakfast tray.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: Your blueberry French Toast is
dialog: ready, Shelley.
text: He sets them gently on the foot of the bed as she awakens
text: with a happy smile.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Ooh, laa laa... thank you, Marvin.
dialog: Was that the best party last night
dialog: or what?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: The best.
text: Shelley sees an envelope on her breakfast tray.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: It’s from Mr. Hefner.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: It is? It must be my birthday
dialog: present! Is it finally happening?
dialog: Am I Miss November? That’s what I
dialog: wished for when I blew out my
dialog: candles...
dialog: (with sudden dread)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my G-d! I told you my wish.
dialog: Now it’s not going to come true!
dialog: (to envelope)
dialog: I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to tell!
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: Just open the envelope.
text: She places the envelope over her heart and shuts her eyes.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Okay, I'm ready.
text: She opens it and reads aloud.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: "Dear, Shelley --" Oh, my G-d,
dialog: that's me! "Please move out of the
dialog: mansion immediately."
text: She frowns, growing concerned, but keeps reading.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: "You have two hours to collect your
dialog: belongings and leave the premises."
dialog: (to Marvin)
dialog: Hef's kicking me out? Why would he
dialog: do that? This is my home! This is
dialog: my family!
text: Her big blue eyes fill with tears. Marvin feels bad.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: I hate to have to tell you this,
dialog: but maybe it’s because of your age.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: But I'm 27!
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: That's fifty-nine in Bunny years.
text: Shelley frowns, trying to do the math.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Maybe if I just talk to Hef, he'll
dialog: let me stay.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: Mr. Hefner left for Las Vegas this
dialog: morning. I don’t think he’s that
dialog: great with good-byes.
text: Shelley starts to cry.
speaker_heading: MARVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: How bout I make you one last
dialog: mangorita for old times sake?
scene_heading: INT. SHELLEY'S ROOM - DAY 15
text: Shelley sobs and sips her last mangorita as she packs. POOTER
text: watches disgruntled from his perch.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Don't worry, Pooter. We'll find a
dialog: new place to live. It won't have
dialog: coconut pancakes or poledancing
dialog: lessons or fireworks on Pamela
dialog: Lee’s birthday ... but we'll
dialog: survive. Somehow.
text: Pooter highly doubts this.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION DRIVEWAY - DAY 16
text: Shelley stands in the driveway with Pooter staring at a rusty
text: Honda Accord. Marvin carries out her bags.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Where's my pink Prius?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: That car belongs to the company.
dialog: This is the car you came here with.
text: He puts her suitcase in the back. She sighs and gets in,
text: starting it. She sees Pooter sitting on the driveway,
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: C'mon, Pooter. We have to find a
dialog: new place to live.
text: Pooter doesn’t budge.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: Here let me help.
dialog: 17
dialog: 11.
text: Marvin picks up Pooter but as he gets closer to the car
text: Pooter starts freaking out. The harder he tries to put her in
text: the car the more she digs her claws into his bare chest.
text: Finally he gives up and stands there with the cat clinging to
text: his chest.
speaker_heading: MARVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s seems a little nervous. Why
dialog: don’t I keep her here for a few
text: days till she calms down.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Okay. Don’t worry Pooter I’1l get
dialog: us a nice place to live.
text: We pull out from the Oklahoma license plate to see the Accord
text: putting out of the Mansion driveway, backfiring. Through the
text: back window, we see Pooter running back inside as quickly as
text: possible. Marvin stands in the driveway waving good bye with
text: giant scratches all over his chest.
scene_heading: INT. TRENDY BOUTIQUE - DAY 17
text: Shelley cries as she shops -- retail therapy. Shelley holds
text: up a dress.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Will this make me look younger?
speaker_heading: YOUNG SALESWOMAN
dialog: Absolutely.
text: The salesperson takes the dress to the counter and rings it
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SALESWOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Will that be cash or charge?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Oh, just put it on my tab.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SALESWOMAN
dialog: The mansion called this morning and
dialog: you don’t have a tab anymore.
text: Shelley looks shocked as the woman takes the dress away.
text: Shelley makes a helpless little whimpering noise.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
scene_heading: INT. PRIVE SALON - DAY
dialog: 12.
dialog: 18
text: Shelley walks up to the reception desk, still tear-stained.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Jean-Michelle, can you please tell
dialog: Svetlana I need to be exfoliated
dialog: immediately?
dialog: (leans in and whispers)
dialog: I'm an old hag.
scene_heading: JEAN-MICHELLE
dialog: I am so sorry, Shelley. But the
dialog: Mansion called and you are no
dialog: longer a Bunny and therefore -- no
dialog: longer can we fix your face.
text: Shelley's makes a louder whimpering noise.
scene_heading: EXT. PRIVE SALON - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
dialog: 19
text: Shelley hands her ticket to the valet, JORGE. He holds out
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That will be $7.50.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: For parking.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: But parking is free.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Not if you are no longer Bunny.
text: Shelley is crestfallen. Her world has spun off its
text: starts crying.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: But -- What am I supposed to do?
dialog: axis. She
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (re the money)
dialog: Look, I can’t stand to see a woman
dialog: cry, so how about this -- flash me
dialog: your boobs and you don’t have to
dialog: pay.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Jorge!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Okay, just one boob.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Hey,it was worth a shot. You know
dialog: what you need to do?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Get a job.
text: Shelley looks confused.
speaker_heading: JORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What are your skills? Other than
dialog: being pretty.
dialog: She thinks.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I can twirl a baton... I can play
dialog: roller-blade volleyball... I can
dialog: spell almost every word I know,
dialog: except for mononucleosis--
text: Jorge frowns, interrupting her.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Do you know how to carry a tray?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, my G-d! Yes! Is that a job?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: My cousin is a busboy. Let me make
text: a telephone call.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. IHOP - NIGHT 20
text: Shelley, in a polyester IHOP uniform, sits in a booth with a
text: Korean family. She is in the middle of a story. The family
text: looks confused and a little scared.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: So then Marvin the butler said that
dialog: I had to leave because I was too
dialog: old. It’s all been really
text: heartbreaking.
text: The Korean Grandmother chimes in.
speaker_heading: KOREAN GRANDMA
dialog: Where Silver Dollar Pancake?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Um, I know, right. Excuse me! Can
dialog: we see the manager.
text: The manager comes over to the table.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Could you see what’s up with these
dialog: guys pancakes and can you also
dialog: bring me a chocolate shake?
text: The manager removes his hat and puts on a Donald Trump wig.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You're fired.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. IHOP PARKING LOT/INT. SHELLEY'S CAR - NIGHT 21
text: Shelley sits in her car, she looks at a picture of Pooter
text: that is hanging from her rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I know it's embarrassing to get
dialog: fired after twenty minutes and to
text: live in a beat up Honda Accord, but
dialog: don't lose faith Pooter. I'll get a
dialog: great job soon and then a super
dialog: place for us to live.
dialog: (starts sobbing)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I pinky promise Pooter....pink
dialog: prius play pattycake pronto.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MATTRESS DISCOUNTERS - DAY 22
text: Shelley walks in, passing the "Help Wanted" sign in the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: INT. MATTRESS DISCOUNTERS - DAY 23
text: Shelley, wearing a sexy sun dress and a nametag, sits on a
text: bed. She attempts to assist an OLD COUPLE as they choose a
dialog: mattress.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I used to live with a man your age
dialog: and he liked his mattress super,
dialog: super firm. Like this one .
dialog: You could put a drink on here and
dialog: it wouldn’t spill.
text: She climbs on and begins jumping up and down. Every time she
text: jumps her skirt lifts up showing her underwear.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Now that’s what I’m talking about.
text: As Shelley continues to jump, the old woman fumes.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: No one wants to see your lady
dialog: garden, Missy!
text: The old man protests as his wife grabs him by the ear and
text: drags him out of the store.
scene_heading: EXT. MATTRESS STORE - DAY 24
text: As Shelley exits the HELP WANTED sign goes back up in the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTT CAAN'S HOUSE - NIGHT 25
text: The door opens a crack revealing Scott Caan. He looks out at
text: a downtrodden Shelley on his door step.
speaker_heading: SCOTT CAAN
dialog: Shelley?
dialog: 26
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hey, Scott! Remember how you said
dialog: you wanted to steal me away from
dialog: the Mansion? Well, here I am!
speaker_heading: SCOTT CAAN
dialog: Oh, uh, yeah. Actually, I'm here
dialog: with my girlfriend --
text: He opens the door a crack wider and we see his girlfriend --
text: a six-foot-tall GLAMAZON who looks like she could kick the
dialog: shit out of both of them.
speaker_heading: SCOTT CAAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: -- so I can't really lend you that
dialog: book you're looking for. But,
dialog: thanks for stopping by.
text: He shuts the door in her face.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: What book?
text: Behind the closed door we hear the girlfriend yelling.
speaker_heading: GLAMAZON
dialog: G-ddamnit, Scott. What are you, a
dialog: frickin' library?
scene_heading: INT. SHELLEY'S CAR/BEVERLY HILLS STREET - NIGHT 26
text: Shelley prepares to sleep in her car, still full of all her
text: belongings. Shelley cries, distraught, as she brushes her
text: teeth. She rinses with Diet Coke. She spits her toothpaste
text: out the window, then closes it. A moment later, a KNOCK
text: startles her. She rolls the window back down to find a COP
text: holding out a ticket.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Ma'am, you just violated code 753.
text: Unlawful spitting.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: But, I was just brushing my teeth --
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (peering inside)
dialog: Are you residing in this car,
dialog: ma'am?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 27
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to have to give you
dialog: another ticket and ask you to move
dialog: it.
text: Shelley sighs and goes to start the engine.
dialog: He stares
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Would you maybe stop giving me
dialog: tickets if I told you I'm having a
dialog: really bad week because I used to
dialog: be a Playboy Bunny but I got kicked
dialog: out of the Mansion because I'm
dialog: fifty-nine years old?
text: at her for a beat.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Ma'am, step out of the car. I'm
dialog: going to have to ask you to take a
dialog: Breathalyzer.
text: She gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I need you to blow on this.
text: Shelley doesn’t look at the Breathalyzer in his hand she just
text: sighs and bends toward his crotch.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Alright...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CELL - NIGHT 27
text: Shelley sits forlornly in a cell full of PROSTITUTES.
scene_heading: TRASHY PROSTITUTE
dialog: You tried to do what? To a cop?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: But I'm not a prostitute. I was
dialog: just brushing my teeth...
scene_heading: TRASHY PROSTITUTE
dialog: You call it what you like, baby.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: CHUBBY PROSTITUTE
dialog: Don't worry, sweetie, first-timers
dialog: only get one night.
speaker_heading: TALL PROSTITUTE
dialog: Yeah, you'll be back on the street
dialog: in no time.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: You know, you should go with a more
dialog: natural look. All that heavy make-
dialog: up is just hiding your G-d given
dialog: beauty.
speaker_heading: TALL PROSTITUTE
dialog: (sudden deep voice)
dialog: I’m a dude.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh. Then you’re good like that.
scene_heading: EXT. JAIL BUILDING - WESTWOOD - DAY 28
text: Shelley, make-up smeared, walks down the jail steps. At a
text: newsstand, Shelley sees Playboy magazine on display. She
text: looks at it longingly, and as Shelley wipes away a tear, she
text: sees a group of happy, shiny BLONDE COLLEGE GIRLS. They laugh
text: together the way she used to laugh with the Bunnies. Drawn as
text: if to the mother-ship, she follows them as they walk down the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: TALL BLONDE GIRL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Did you hear about the pool party
dialog: at Jordan's?
scene_heading: SHORT BLONDE GIRL
dialog: He makes the best margaritas. He
dialog: uses mangos.
text: Shelley's eyes light up.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTWOOD STREET - DAY 29
text: The girls round a corner. Shelley does as well taking her
dialog: first steps onto --
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: EXT. UCLA GREEK ROW - DAY 30
text: A tree-lined street filled with large, stately sorority and
text: fraternity houses. Guys play frisbee. Girls sunbathe on the
text: lawns. Barbecues are underway. Shelley takes this in with
text: wide-eyed wonder.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: It’s just like a bunch of little
dialog: Mansions!
text: She hurries to catch up with the girls, following them toward
text: the Phi Mu house -- the biggest and prettiest of them all.
scene_heading: INT. PHI MU HOUSE - DAY 31
text: Tastefully decorated and filled with happy blondes. Shelley
text: enters and looks around, out of place in her skimpy outfit
text: next to the preppier college girls. ASHLEY, 21, the Phi Mu
text: President walks up, perfect and perky.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yes. I'd like to live here, please.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Well...you have to be asked to live
dialog: here.
text: She looks Shelley up and down.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you go to this school?
text: Shelley looks around.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: This is a school? Where are the
dialog: desks?
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: (still sweetly)
dialog: No, this is a sorority house at a
dialog: school. And you do look like an
dialog: older sluttier version of the type
dialog: of girl we would want, but I’m
dialog: sorry you’re not a student. It was
dialog: so nice talking to you.
dialog: 32
dialog: 20.
text: Ashley turns and walks away.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: But I really--
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: So nice.
text: Ashley exits. Shelley starts to leave, disappointed, when
dialog: she spots --
scene_heading: INT. PHI MU HOUSE - PARLOR - DAY 32
text: A group of SIXTY-SOMETHING WOMEN, talking amongst themselves.
scene_heading: SIGMA KAPPA HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: I love what you've done with the
text: living room. The doilies are
dialog: exquisite.
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: Thank you. I made them myself. I
dialog: feel every detail in the house
dialog: should be a reflection of the girls
dialog: who live here.
text: Shelley enters, confused.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: If I’m fifty-nine you guys must be
dialog: two hundred and seventy.
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Nothing, do you guys go to school
dialog: here too?
text: The women stare at her.
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Not anymore. We're housemothers
dialog: for the sororities on campus.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: That’s so dope. And you live in the
dialog: houses with the girls?
scene_heading: SIGMA KAPPA HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: That’s even dopier. What’s a
dialog: housemother do?
scene_heading: TRI SIG HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: We oversee meal plans, chaperone
dialog: the social events, make sure the
dialog: girls stay out of trouble...
dialog: (rolling her eyes to the others)
dialog: Which is a full-time job in itself -
text: Shelley gasps.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, my gosh, that’s what I used to
dialog: do at the mansion. It’s the perfect
dialog: job for me. Can I be one too?
text: The particularly bitchy PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER, 60, looks her
dialog: over.
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: I'm sorry, but this is a sorority
dialog: not a brothel. We have standards;
dialog: standards that you clearly do not
dialog: meet. But it was so nice to meet
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What’s a brothel? Someone who makes
dialog: soup?...
scene_heading: ALL THE HOUSEMOTHERS
dialog: So nice.
text: The Phi-Mu Housemother gets up and leaves as the others
text: follow her. The SIGMA KAPPA HOUSEMOTHER lags behind and takes
dialog: pity on Shelley.
scene_heading: SIGMA KAPPA HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: Try Zeta. Their last housemother
dialog: was hospitalized for schizophrenia
text: and hallucinations.
text: Shelley perks up.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Awesome!
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: EXT. PHI MU HOUSE - DAY 33
text: Shelley walks out of Phi Mu, stopping a passing sorority
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Excuse me, can you tell me where
dialog: Zeta is?
text: The girl points to a house down the street. Shelley turns to
text: see -- THE ZETA HOUSE. Peeling paint. Dilapidated porch.
text: Brown lawn. Shelley looks disappointed for a moment, then
text: steels her resolve and marches down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA HOUSE - DAY 34
text: Shelley checks her makeup in a compact mirror, makes sure she
text: has nothing in her teeth and walks up to the door and knocks.
text: As she knocks, the Z in "ZTA" falls off and smashes on her
text: head knocking her to the ground. The door opens and we see
text: Maria, 21, smart-girl type, with a phone in her hand. She
text: sees Shelley laying on the porch and rushes to her side.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Oh my G-D. Are you okay?
text: Shelley lifts her head looking a little more dazed than
dialog: usual.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I'm so sorry. I broke your Z.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: It's not your fault. It falls off
dialog: every time we open the door.
text: She tosses the pieces of the Z into a bush.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: At least you still have T and A.
text: Shelley offers a high five. Maria stares at her.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Who are you?
text: Shelley pops up off the ground, practically exploding with
dialog: enthusiasm.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: My name is Shelley and I'm here to
dialog: be your housemother!
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Well it’s nice to meet you Shelley
text: but it's too late.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, no! Did you hire someone else?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (helping Shelley up)
dialog: No. It’s just that we may lose our
dialog: charter, and if we don’t have a
dialog: house, we wont be needing a
dialog: housemother.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Why are they going to take your
dialog: house away?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Well... because we don’t get enough
dialog: pledges and everyone thinks we’re
dialog: losers.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: That’s so sad. Why does everyone
dialog: else get pledges.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Uh, they have great parties and
dialog: they’re popular and boys want to
dialog: date them.
text: Shelley perks up.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I'm an expert at parties and boys!
dialog: I'm a Bunny! Men write to me from
dialog: prison! Sometimes in their own
dialog: blood!
text: Maria frowns.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: A Bunny? Like a centerfold?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Bless your heart -- no, just a
text: couple of small pictorials.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 35
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Girls of the Midwest, Girls of
dialog: Starbucks, Girls of Charlie Sheen.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But now I'm homeless.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I’m so sorry. Good luck.
text: She heads inside and starts to shut the door.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Wait -- I can help you!
text: Maria shuts the door. Shelley sighs and starts back down the
text: walkway. She stops and looks at the guys hanging around Phi
text: Mu and the other sororities.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: So they want to be popular and have
dialog: boys want them...
scene_heading: INT. ZETA HOUSE - DAY 35
text: Maria shuts the door and turns around to find Mona, 21, a
text: heavily pierced feminist with a shaved head. She is reading a
text: piece of paper and wearing a T-shirt that says “legalize
dialog: castration”.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: So if we don't get thirty pledges
dialog: we lose our charter?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Which also means goodbye zeta.
text: HARMONY, 21, a make-up free hippy chick in a poncho,
text: overhears.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: But I planned on having a drum
text: circle in the backyard for the
dialog: Summer Solstice.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I need to worry about getting
dialog: thirty pledges right now, Harmony.
dialog: Not the three stoners who might
dialog: show up for your bongo party.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Thirty pledges? But there's only
dialog: fourteen of us.
dialog: 36
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: Fourteen and a half.
text: Harmony points at BECKY, an eight-months PREGNANT GIRL.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Actually fourteen and three
dialog: quarters as of last week.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: They know we're never going to get
dialog: that many pledges. It's just their
dialog: way of shutting us down.
text: JOANNE, 21, wearing a large scoliosis brace, walks up, upset.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: You guys, this is so awful..
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I know.
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: You’ve got some refrigerator
dialog: magnets on your brace again.
text: Maria pulls the magnets off Joanne’s brace.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Oh my G-d...
text: Joanne is looking out the front window.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: There are boys on the lawn. Our
text: lawn.
text: On the front lawn several boys have drifted over to see
text: Shelley, who is doing YOGA IN HER BIKINI. We see even more
text: guys approaching.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: Are they lost?
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I don’t think so.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA YARD 36
text: Shelley continues with her poses as guys linger. The Zeta
text: girls all come out of the house to investigate. A HOT GUY in
text: a lacrosse shirt approaches Shelley.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: HOT GUY
dialog: Hey, are you a Zeta?
text: Shelley looks to Maria, then
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I wish.
speaker_heading: HOT GUY
dialog: I do too. Cuz Zeta would be my new
dialog: favorite hizzity hang.
text: Maria steps to the front of the pack of Zetas.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: She’s not a Zeta. She’s our new
dialog: hizzity housemother. She’1ll be
dialog: hizzity here all the tizzity time.
speaker_heading: HOT GUY
dialog: (horny )
dialog: Ooh, that’s tight.
text: All the guys on the lawn nod in agreement.
scene_heading: 37 INT. ZETA HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 37
text: The GIRLS of Zeta -- a motley crew of 14 various misfits--
text: sit on ratty couches staring at Shelley as she greets
text: everyone with unbridled enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh my gosh, you guys! I'm so happy
dialog: you want me here! You won’t be
dialog: sorry! Hey -- let’s have a pillow
dialog: fight!
text: Shelley grabs a pillow and hits Tanya ( A 21 year old little
text: person) who rolls hard from the pillow blow into a wall.
text: Shelley gives a whoopsie look. MONA is appalled.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: This is how we're going to get
dialog: pledges? By hiring an archaically
text: superficial reflection of the male
dialog: fantasy?
text: Shelley smiles and waves, pleased by this "compliment".
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Exactly -- Guys like her, Mona. And
dialog: if you haven't noticed, guys don't
dialog: like us.
text: TANYA getting up off the floor points to the pregnant girl.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Apparently some guy liked Becky.
text: The girls all laugh. Becky does a goofy dirty dancing move.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: So, in order to be a sisterhood,
dialog: now we have to be "popular"?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No. In order to keep our house we
dialog: have to be popular. Maybe Shelley
dialog: can teach us how.
text: The girls start talking among themselves. Shelley raises her
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Okay, look -- let’s put a pin in
dialog: the pillow fight, for now. And
dialog: don’t get me wrong, I love boys.
dialog: But I lived in a house full of
dialog: girls for nine years and I know
dialog: there is nothing more fun than
dialog: being with your sisters, sharing,
dialog: talking all night, body painting,
dialog: and baking penis cookies.
text: The girls stare at her. CARRIE MAE, 21, a heavy big toothed
text: farm girl in jeans and a sleeveless T-shirt, takes the
text: toothpick out of her mouth.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: Where in tarnation did you live?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: The Playboy Mansion.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: Jiminy Cricket!
text: The girls react. Lilly a shy English girl whispers in Maria’s
dialog: ear.
dialog: 38
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No, that doesn’t make her a hooker
dialog: Lilly.
text: Lilly turns bright red and runs out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. SHELLEY'S ZETA ROOM - DAY 38
text: Maria leads a bewildered Shelley into a small room behind the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Okay, this is your room. Here's the
dialog: key.
text: Shelley sets her bags down on the bed and holds the key over
dialog: her heart.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Thank you so much, Maria. I
dialog: promise you I'm going to help Zeta
dialog: Tits and Ass become the best
dialog: sorority ever!
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Actually, it's Zeta Tau Alpha.
dialog: They're Greek letters.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh my G-d, I met the King of Greece
dialog: once at the Mansion! We should
dialog: invite him to the next party! He's
dialog: really furry but a super good
dialog: dancer.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Well if it will help us get pledges
dialog: invite all the Kings you want.
text: Carrie Mae enters with a tool box.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: Well, ma’am I don’t know about the
dialog: other girls but I’m glad your here
dialog: cuz we got some stuff that needs
dialog: fixing.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Don’t you have a smelly Russian man
text: who comes and fixes things and hugs
dialog: you a lot?
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: We don’t have a pot to pee in. The
dialog: smelly Russian man is you.
text: Off of Shelley’s look.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY 39
text: Shelley walks out of a stall with the plunger stuck to her
text: bare midriff. There is an expression of bewilderment on her
text: face. She looks to Harmony for help.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Are there instructions for this
dialog: thing?
text: Harmony rolls her eyes, grabs hold of the plunger and starts
text: pulling. It finally breaks free sending her sprawling.
text: Shelley looks at the round mark on her stomach.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey, that thing ate my belly ring.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER 40
text: Shelley is opening and closing the lid of the garbage can.
text: Mona walks in and stares at her in disbelief. Shelley turns
text: to her.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: This isn’t broken.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: (pointing to the sink)
dialog: The garbage disposal, Bunny.
text: Shelley walks over to the sink and looks in it. She looks to
dialog: Mona.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What’s the matter with it?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: I don’t know, look and see.
text: As Shelley looks in the hole Mona flips the switch and a
text: stream of ground up garbage shoots out covering Shelley's
text: face. Shelley pulls a completely mangled spoon out of her
dialog: mouth.
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I found the problem.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: You are so vapid.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: You’re like the hundredth person
dialog: who's told me that. Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA HALLWAY - LATER 41
text: We see a TOPLESS Shelley from behind, walking out of the
text: bathroom, freshly showered. Towel around her head and towel
text: around her waist. As she walks down the hall we see the
text: Zeta’s diving back in their rooms in shock and embarrassment.
text: Lilly the shy English girl actually faints. Maria rounds the
text: corner, reading a letter.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Afternoon, Maria!
text: Maria looks up and reels back at Shelley's toplessness.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Shelly! Where's your robe?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, I just like to air dry.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I don’t think half the girls here
dialog: have seen their own bodies naked
dialog: they certainly want to see your
text: perfectly engineered boobs.
text: Maria takes off her jacket and puts it over her.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
text: I’m just walking around in the body
dialog: g-d and Dr. Silver gave me.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Come with me. We have work to do.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S ROOM - DAY 42
text: Shelley, now dressed, sits down on Maria's bed, all business.
text: Maria holds up the letter.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We have twenty-eight days before
text: national headquarters shows up with
text: a For Sale sign.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: You need 30 pledges? How many did
dialog: you get last year?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: One. But she got transgender
text: surgery and moved to the boys'
text: dorm. Technically, Bob is still a
dialog: Zeta but she’s not allowed to live
dialog: here with a weiner.
text: She points to the Zeta composite picture where we see BOB in
text: the bottom corner -- a hulking, angry-looking, extremely
text: masculine girl.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Well, this year, we're going to get
dialog: lots and lots of pledges! The kind
dialog: that don't want testicles. Their
dialog: own, I mean.
text: Shelly laughs really hard at this cute joke. Maria waves the
text: letter she was reading.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We also need to raise money for our
dialog: philanthropy. We're the only
dialog: chapter that didn't meet the fund-
dialog: raising requirement.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What's a philacanopee?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Philanthropy. It's like a charity.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I love doing charity. One time at
dialog: the mansion I even let Gary Coleman
text: grind on me during a slow dance.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Look, rush starts in three weeks.
dialog: Here's some ideas I came up with
dialog: that might make us popular.
text: She hands Shelley a list.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Host a 'CSI' night. Start a bee-
dialog: keeping club. Have a Googlefest.
dialog: B.Y.O.M. Bring your own man?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Bring your own mouse.
text: Shelley tries to be excited, but is in fact, quite worried.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, wow -- these are super, super
dialog: good ideas. But we might want to do
dialog: something a little more -- sexy?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 43 EXT. ZETA FRONT YARD - DAY 43
text: All fourteen Zetas stand outside in baggy T-shirts and
text: sweatpants -- staring in absolute horror.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: Is she serious?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: I am so offended right now.
text: The object of their scorn is -- Shelley, standing next to a
text: sign that says “Zeta Car Wash” in skimpy bikini bottoms and a
text: tank top, hose in hand, sexily sudsing up her own car.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: C'mon girls, washing cars is a fun
dialog: and sexy way to raise money.
text: She undulates with the hose as the girls look on, horrified.
text: Maria implores them.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Just give it a chance --
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: (re her brace)
dialog: I can't bend that way. Plus if my
dialog: brace gets wet it could rust.
text: The girls laugh. So does Joanne.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: See? We’re already having fun.
dialog: 33.
text: Shelley waves to some passing BOYS.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hi, boys!
text: One of them is COLBY, 21, smokin' hot. Maria eyes him with
text: terrified lust.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Oh, my G-d! That's Colby! I love
dialog: him! What do I do?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Do sexy!
text: As the boys near, Shelley milks it even more, putting on an
dialog: act for their benefit.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Wash those cars, you sexy bitches!
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Did she just call us bitches?
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: Did she just call us sexy?
text: A few of the girls are trying halfheartedly to get involved,
text: Becky has waddled over to the bucket but can’t bend over her
text: pregnant belly to get a sponge out. Carrie Mae keeps spitting
text: her chewing tobacco on the car window and scrubs aggressively
text: at a birdshit stain.. It is not having the effect that
text: Shelley wanted so she turns the hose on herself, dousing her
text: chest with water.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Uh oh, look -- wet T-shirt.
text: The guys get psyched. Maria picks up a hose and tries to
text: emulate her.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: And wet pants!
text: Maria squirts herself in the crotch, but alas, she does not
text: look sexy. She looks like she's peed herself.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oopsie. Someone went accident in
text: her sexy pants.
dialog: 34.
text: Colby averts his gaze and turns back to Shelley.
speaker_heading: COLBY
dialog: Yeah. Anyway, we're having some
text: drinks over at Theta Chi later.
dialog: Wanna come over?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Well, we are a little thirsty...
text: She drinks suggestively from the hose, then holds it out to
dialog: Colby.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Wanna sip?
speaker_heading: COLBY
dialog: Sure.
text: He bends closer to take a sip as -- NEARBY, Mona cranks up
text: the faucet so Colby is BLASTED in the face with water. He
text: jumps back, now soaked, as Mona cracks up. Maria rushes
text: toward him with a towel.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Are you okay?
text: He takes the towel and gives Mona a dirty look. Mona hits
text: back with a ‘bring it on look.’ Shelley tries to save the
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: So, what time should we come over
dialog: for drinks?
speaker_heading: COLBY
dialog: Now that I think about it, the
dialog: guest list is pretty full. Maybe
dialog: next time.
text: The guys walk off as Maria watches in despair.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: (to the Zetas)
dialog: I think we're done here “sexy
dialog: bitches”.
text: They all go back in the house.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (to Shelley)
dialog: I better go talk to them --
dialog: 35.
text: She follows, dejected. Shelley is left alone. Then, she’s
text: sees a good looking guy stapling a flier to a telephone pole.
text: It’s OLIVER, 30’s, shy and cute. As he walks over to his car
text: Shelley calls out to him.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hi. Do you need a car wash?
text: Oliver looks around to confirm Shelley is talking to him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Me? Oh, uh no, I gotta get back to
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh. I’m at work right now.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You wash cars?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: No, I’m the Zeta sorority
dialog: Housemother.
text: Oliver approaches Shelley.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Really? You seem too young to be a
dialog: Housemother.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Really? You think I’m young?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: How sweet. What’s your job?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I manage a nursing home.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, it’s so great you give nurses a
dialog: place to live.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Actually it’s a home for senior
dialog: citizens. You know, old people.
dialog: 44
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I know lots of old men. Hairy and
dialog: not hairy.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well, I have to get going.
text: Oliver hands her one of the fliers he was putting up.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: If you ever want to stop by the
dialog: nursing home we always need
dialog: volunteers to help out and visit
dialog: with the seniors.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (looks at flier)
dialog: Thanks. I’m Shelley. I like long
dialog: walks and I hate rude people.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Cool. I’m Oliver.
text: They shake hands warmly, then Oliver goes to his car and
text: drives off. Shelley looks at his flier, her face lights up
text: as she gets an idea.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM - DAY 44
text: Maria is in the midst of an argument with the other girls.
text: Shelley enters from the yard, still in her bikini.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You guys, I just had the best idea
dialog: for our philanthropy. We’re going
dialog: to volunteer at Oliver’s nursing
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Who’s Oliver?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: They guy I just met.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You see? Shelley knows how to meet
dialog: guys, and if guys are hanging out
dialog: with us, more girls will want to,
dialog: hence, more pledges.
dialog: A moment,
dialog: The girls
text: She MEOWS.
dialog: 37.
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: HARMONY
text: Volunteering at a nursing home
dialog: seems like a nice thing to do.
dialog: murmur in agreement, except...
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Those places smell funny. Like
text: boiled chicken and pee.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Too bad, we're doing it.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: That’s so great! lLet’s get all
text: dressed up and go to a nightclub
dialog: and have fruity drinks and dirty
dialog: dance with each other!
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: We need to bond! We’re sisters! At
dialog: the Mansion we bonded all the time
dialog: and everyone loved us and we had
dialog: lots of friends. And once, a
dialog: psychic came over and told me that
dialog: my cat Pooter and I were cousins in
dialog: a past life which totally makes
dialog: sense because I can do this --
text: The girls stare at her.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Why did you tell us that?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I don't know. I just like that
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I think what Shelley is trying to
dialog: say is that we should go out and
dialog: have some fun. Pledges like fun.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I like fun...
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Me, too.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: (trying to do shelly)
dialog: Meow.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: It is five dollar pitcher night at
dialog: the Think Tank...
text: Shelley puts her arm around Becky.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Come on, who’s with us?
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: I’ve been boycotting that place but
dialog: I can’t remember why so I guess we
dialog: could go.
text: Mona rolls her eyes and holds up a textbook.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: I have more important things to do.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I think it’s the perfect place for
dialog: you to find a thesis topic for your
dialog: gender relations class.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: (thinks for a beat)
dialog: Okay. But that’s the only reason
dialog: I’m going.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: (reading a text from her
dialog: phone)
dialog: Lilly says to have fun but she has
dialog: to stay and clean the closet.
text: A closet door opens a crack and a hand waves goodbye.
scene_heading: 45 INT. COLLEGE DIVE BAR - NIGHT 45
text: Hot drunken college kids eye each other, trying to figure out
text: who they're going to shag. Bad KARAOKE is going on in the
text: corner as some frat guys sing Guns n' Roses. The Zetas look a
text: bit uncomfortable. A bartender pours them a round of kamikaze
text: shots. Shelley takes one and holds hers up.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: To Zeta! Here's to making you the
dialog: best sorority ever!
dialog: 39.
text: They all do a shot( Becky goes to but Maria grabs it from
text: her). Shelley spots a guy staring at Mona's facial hardware
text: in horrified fascination.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Mona, that guy's checking you out.
dialog: Flirt with him!
text: Mona looks over and sidles up to the guy nervously.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: GUY AT BAR
dialog: I’m going fishing tomorrow. Can I
dialog: borrow some of your face lures.
text: Mona bites him as he screams and runs away. Shelley points
text: out another guy to Carrie Mae.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Ooh, there's a big box of
dialog: cutesicles --
text: Carrie Mae checks him out, then walks over, leaning back on
text: the bar in what she thinks is a seductive pose.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: Excuse me. You know where the
dialog: shitter is? I gotta take a horse
dialog: dump like you wouldn't believe.
text: The guy bolts. Repulsed. Carrie Mae calls out to him.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s not like I farted!
text: Shelley frowns.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: We might need to work on your
dialog: talking to people skills.
text: Ashley, the Phi Mu President, and COURTNEY, another Phi Mu,
text: both perfectly primped, walk past noticing our girls.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Oh, hey, Zetas! Hi! We never see
dialog: you guys out.
dialog: 40.
text: The Zetas smile, happy to be acknowledged by the popular
dialog: girls.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hi! I met you yesterday. I was the
dialog: homeless girl.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Oh right...
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Now I'm their housemom!
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Congratulations.
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: Maria, right? I remember you from
dialog: the last Panhellenic meeting. You
dialog: were the one who wanted to add an
dialog: economics day to Greek Week.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Oh, my gosh -- we could have a
dialog: costume party where people come
dialog: dressed as their favorite economist
dialog: and anyone who brings a copy of
dialog: Capitalism and Freedom can get in
dialog: free. Get it? Cuz it’s a book about
dialog: free markets.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Yeah.... hey, by the way, you guys
dialog: got here just in time. We're having
dialog: a karaoke contest. Sororities
dialog: versus fraternities.
text: She points to the stage where some Kappa Sigs finish their
text: butchery of "PARADISE CITY".
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: You guys could go next if you
dialog: want...
text: The Zetas look at each other, reluctant.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: We'll pick a good song for you.
dialog: Don't worry, you can't be any worse
dialog: than we were.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Seriously -- we were wretched.
text: They gesture for the Zetas to follow them to the stage. The
text: Zetas hang back.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: But, this is perfect! Boys like
dialog: singing. It's sexy! Go! Go!
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I think we could do it...
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: We can do anything better than
text: those mannequins.
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: Count us in.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: I think I’m gonna puke.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: That’s the spirit!
text: They reluctantly get up on stage, looking out shyly at the
text: crowd, as "LIKE A VIRGIN" starts. They squint at the lyrics
text: as they flash by on the SCREEN and start singing -- a little
text: awkward at first.
speaker_heading: ZETAS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "I made it through the wilderness.
dialog: Somehow I made it through..."
text: From the floor, Shelley gives them a thumbs-up and they keep
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: ZETAS (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; singing)
dialog: "Didn't know how lost I was until I
dialog: found you..."
text: They find their stride, not sounding half-bad. Shelley beams,
dialog: proud.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: ZETAS (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; singing)
dialog: "I was beat, incomplete. I'm a hag
dialog: and I'm fat and rude..."
text: Mona and Maria frown and stop singing as the GUYS in the
text: crowd crack up. Shelley looks around, confused, wondering
text: what they're laughing at. Nearby, Ashley and Courtney
text: covertly type new lyrics into the karaoke machine, laughing.
speaker_heading: ZETAS (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing; singing)
dialog: "But you made me feel, yeah you
dialog: made me feel, like a big bag of
dialog: poo..."
text: At this, Tanya and Carrie Mae frown as well, stopping, as the
text: crowd laughs even harder. Shelley is completely baffled.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I don't think that's how it goes...
text: Joanne and Becky continue singing the lyrics, oblivious.
speaker_heading: JOANNE /BECKY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "Like a loser, we're rejected all
dialog: of the time --"
text: In the crowd, a GUY elbows another guy.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Cause you're pigs.
text: Joanne now frowns, realizing, and drops out, leaving only
dialog: Becky to belt out --
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "Like a loooooser, we're so
dialog: retarded, it's a crime!"
text: Maria hits Becky on the arm, making her stop. The girls storm
text: off stage as the crowd cracks up.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I don't understand what just
dialog: happened --
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: I do.
dialog: 43.
text: Mona marches up to Ashley and Courtney, Zetas and Shelley in
dialog: tow.
speaker_heading: MONA (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You wanna get cut, bitch?
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Classy, very classy.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: That wasn't very Panhellenic.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: But it was funny --
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: She's right, Courtney. We should
dialog: apologize. Especially since we're
text: about to take their house.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Where you taking it?
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: We heard you're losing your charter
dialog: so Phi Mu's going to buy your house
text: when it goes on sale after Rush.
dialog: We're going to have so many pledges
dialog: we'll need the extra space.
text: The girls are stricken by this.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Don’t worry. We'll let you guys
dialog: stay on and be the maids. We’1l
dialog: probably get a tax break for
dialog: helping the socially handicapped.
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: You guys are so mean.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: I’m sorry. Did we hurt your midget
dialog: feelings.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: She's not a midget -- she's a
dialog: dwarf. Like in Snow White.
text: A BOUNCER walks up.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: (to Ashley; re Zeta)
dialog: Are these girls bothering you
dialog: Ashley?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No. We were leaving.
dialog: (to the Zetas)
dialog: C’mon, let's just go.
text: As the girls leave, defeated --
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Yeah, you should probably go home.
dialog: While you still have one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PLAYBOY MANSION - NIGHT 46
text: Hef has just arrived back home. All the girls are there to
text: welcome him back. Marvin is bringing the luggage in.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: Marvin can you tell Shelley we’re
dialog: back and we’re going to watch a
dialog: movie.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: Shelley’s not here Mr. Hefner. She
dialog: wanted me to give you this note.
text: He pulls a letter out of his pants pocket and hands it to
text: Hef. Hef reads the letter slowly. He looks up with a tear in
text: his eye.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: Shelley moved to Africa to work
dialog: with orphans. She left while we
dialog: were gone because she says she
dialog: can’t deal with good-byes'. I’m
dialog: going to bed. No movies tonight.
text: Hef walks away sadly. So do all the playmates. Marvin steals
text: a nervous look at Cassandra.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA HOUSE - NIGHT 47
text: The Zetas sit around the living room, depressed. Shelley
text: tries to rally them.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Don't listen to those girls!
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Why? They're right. We are losers.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: We're not losers!
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: Well, you're not. People like you.
dialog: You're pretty.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Do you think I looked like this
dialog: when I first got to LA?
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I had snaggleteeth. And brown hair!
text: She says this as if it's horrifying.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Trust me, I could make you guys way
dialog: hotter than Phi Mu. Every girl on
dialog: campus would want to pledge Zeta by
dialog: the time I was done.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: (hopeful )
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: (resolved)
dialog: Do it. There's no way those bitches
dialog: are getting our house.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: Damn straight.
text: As the others agree, Shelley smiles as MUSIC kicks in and a
scene_heading: MONTAGE BEGINS...
scene_heading: INT. VICTORIA'S SECRET - DAY
text: Shelley holds up a handful of padded water bras to the Zetas.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: This is your most important secret
dialog: weapon. The water bra. Just stay
text: away from sharp corners.
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Consider it another thesis topic.
dialog: "Conventional archetypes of beauty
dialog: and their affect on the opposite
dialog: sex."
text: Mona thinks this over.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: That's not bad...
text: She takes one of the bras.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA HALLWAY - DAY 49
text: All of the girls now practice walking in heels, Shelley
dialog: demonstrating.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Boobs out, tummy in. Don't look
dialog: down --
text: Joanne looks so far up that she topples over backwards.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Or up.
text: In her brace, Joanne struggles like a turtle on its back, as
text: the other girls try to help her up.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA HOUSE - DAY 50
text: The girls paint the outside of the house. As Carrie Mae hangs
text: a new "Z", Mona outlines a skull on the wall. Shelley paints
text: over it with a roller of light blue paint.
scene_heading: INT. SHELLEY'S ZETA ROOM - DAY 51
text: Shelley gives Tonya 15 inch high heel shoes. Tonya puts them
text: on. She smiles. She’s never felt so tall before. She runs
text: over to hug a beaming Shelley and falls immediately.
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT. MYSTIC TAN - DAY 52
text: All of the Zetas get spray-on tans. As Lilly gets sprayed she
text: giggles like she’s being tickled.
scene_heading: INT. MONA'S ROOM - DAY 53
text: Mona removes her nose-ring and hands it to Shelley along with
text: all of her chin rings, lip rings, eyebrow rings, etc. Shelley
text: runs a metal detector wand over the rest of her. It BEEPS at
text: her crotch.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh. Go ahead and keep that one.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA KITCHEN - DAY 54
text: Shelley has turned the kitchen table into a makeshift make-up
text: counter, complete with illuminated mirror. Mona takes notes
text: and the girls observe as she gives Maria make-up lessons.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: First, we should highlight your
text: eyes. The eyes are the nipples of
text: the face.
text: Maria and the girls nod, taking in the gospel of Shelley.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM - DAY 55
text: Shelley gives flirting lessons to the girls.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: There are three rules to successful
dialog: flirtation: eye contact, flattery
dialog: and lots of touching. For example --
text: She pulls Maria to her feet.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Let's pretend Maria is a man. My
text: hand is on his arm, I'm looking
text: into his eyes, I'm wearing
dialog: deodorant -- Harmony -- and here's
dialog: what I would say.
dialog: (to Maria; babytalk)
dialog: "Oh my gosh, your biceps are huge!
dialog: Kiss me!"
dialog: 48.
text: She turns back to the girls.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Then he would kiss me. Any
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: For how long?
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: With tongue?
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: What do I do with my Skoal?
text: Shelley looks overwhelmed by their lack of expertise.
scene_heading: 56 INT. FOREVER 21 - DAY 56
text: Shelley picks out some clothes for the girls.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Dressing sexy is all about showing
dialog: skin in the four major regions --
text: arms, legs, cleavage and belly.
speaker_heading: BECKY (0.S)
dialog: Like this?
text: Becky walks up, her hugely PREGNANT BELLY completely exposed
text: in a low-cut crop top and a micro-mini. People in the store
text: look away, horrified. Shelley tries to make the best of it.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Okay, maybe we can let someone that
dialog: doesn't have a giant baby inside of
text: their belly give it a shot.
scene_heading: 57 INT. BEAUTY SCHOOL - DAY 57
text: The girls all sit in salon chairs, in front of STYLISTS.
text: Shelley sits off to the side. A sign reads “Hair Extensions
dialog: Final Exam”.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (to the stylists)
text: Long blonde hair. On all of them.
scene_heading: QUEENY STYLIST
dialog: (disgusted; re Mona's bald
dialog: head)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: QUEENY STYLIST (CONT'D)
dialog: And what am I supposed to attach
dialog: the extensions to?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: (flipping him off)
dialog: How ‘bout this?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - DAY 58
text: All 14 girls of Zeta stride across the quad in SLO MO, now
text: fully transformed into super hot, clone-like, blonde SEX
text: BOMBS. They could easily pass for Bunnies. Mona struts...
text: Harmony strides proudly in her heels... Tonya works her
text: cleavage with confidence... Even Mona tosses her new hair
text: with saucy abandon. Guys do double-takes as they pass. Ashley
text: and some other Phi Mus spot them and react with jealous
dialog: contempt.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: And why is everyone looking at them
dialog: instead of us?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - ON THE ZETAS 59
text: The girls leave the quad.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: (to Shelley)
dialog: So, what do we do now?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I want all the fraternities to see
dialog: how hot you are at the same time.
dialog: So, we're going to take some
dialog: pictures first.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We are not posing for Playboy --
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: No, Maria, we're raising money for
dialog: our phil-an-thro-py.
text: Maria gives her a thumbs-up at the pronunciation as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. KAPPA SIG PORCH - DAY 60
text: A small cardboard poster of the Zeta girls looking luscious
text: in bikinis is left at the front door. Zeta Calendar is
text: printed across the top. An envelope is attached.
scene_heading: EXT. PI KAP PORCH - DAY 61
text: A flyer hits Pi Kap's front porch as well, waking up a GUY
text: who's passed out on the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THETA CHI PORCH - DAY 62
text: The door of Theta Chi opens and Colby bends down to pick up
text: the flyer. STU, stoned, appears behind him.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: What's that?
text: Colby reads the invitation.
speaker_heading: COLBY
dialog: "You and your friends are invited
dialog: to celebrate the debut of the first
dialog: annual Girls of Zeta Bikini
dialog: Calendar, this Wednesday on the
dialog: quad. Meet all the hot babes and
dialog: buy the calendar. All proceeds
dialog: benefit the Westside Nursing Home."
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Zeta? In bikinis? Scary, dude.
text: Colby scans the poster. He is taken aback by how hot the
dialog: girls are.
speaker_heading: COLBY
dialog: Wait -- check it out -- they're
dialog: slammin'.
text: Stu takes a peek.
speaker_heading: STU
text: Sweet rack on the midget.
text: Colby gives him a look. Stu misinterprets it.
speaker_heading: STU (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sorry. Little person.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Little person with some big flesh
dialog: bombs.
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - DAY 63
text: It is meet the Greeks day on the quad. All of the
text: fraternities and sororities have booths set up where they can
text: talk to students and try to get them interested in joining.
text: Zeta has a double table, on one side Becky is selling
text: calendars on the other side Maria and the girls are signing
text: the calendars and talking to possible rushees. Zeta’s booth
text: is much livelier than the others. They have music playing and
text: they are handing out cupcakes and sodas.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - ZETA BOOTH - DAY 64
text: Becky is behind a stack of calendars, manning the cash box. A
text: line of guys waits to buy them. An ALPHA CHI RHO at the head
text: of the line grins at her.
speaker_heading: ALPHA CHI RHO
dialog: I'll take two.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You guys are so generous.
dialog: Everyone’s buying two.
speaker_heading: ALPHA CHI RHO
dialog: Actually it’s in case one gets
dialog: ruined.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh. (she thinks for a bit then
dialog: realizes what he is talking about)
dialog: Ohhh!
text: She hands him his change and he walks away quickly. Nearby
text: Shelley is surrounded by a circle of admiring SIGMA PIs.
speaker_heading: HORNY SIGMA PI
dialog: Are housemothers allowed to date
dialog: students?
text: She smiles sweetly and deflects their ardor by pointing to
dialog: Carrie Mae.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Have you met Carrie Mae?
dialog: (pulling her over)
dialog: She's from Arkansas and her turn-
dialog: ons are BMX racing, foul language
dialog: and indoor plumbing.
text: Carrie Mae looks at the Sigma Pis.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: Anyone want to arm wrestle or kiss.
dialog: There are many takers.
scene_heading: EXT. QUAD - PHI MU BOOTH - DAY 65
text: Ashley, the Phi Mu president talks to a group of girls.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: At Phi Mu we are very exclusive
dialog: because we can be. Many of our
dialog: sisters are leaders on campus. We
dialog: have a rockin GPA average and our
dialog: very own Korean manicurist.
text: She's interrupted by WHOOPS AND HOLLERS coming from the Zeta
text: booth where Tanya and Carrie Mae are posing for a pic with a
dialog: bunch of guys.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: TARA
dialog: That’s Zeta’s booth.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Don't be ridiculous. Why would they
dialog: have a booth and who would go to
dialog: it?
text: A group of hot guys are being fed cupcakes by some of the
text: laughing Zeta girls.
speaker_heading: TARA
dialog: (to Ashley)
dialog: Didn’t that guy dump you last year?
text: Ashley fumes.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Wait, aren't those the blonde girls
dialog: we saw on the quad? Why are they at
dialog: Zeta?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - ZETA BOOTH- DAY 66
text: Colby, the object of Maria's lust, walks up to her.
speaker_heading: COLBY
text: Sweet set up.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: COLBY
dialog: We should have a mixer with you
dialog: guys sometime.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: How about "CSI" night with pudding!
text: Colby is a little confused, but goes with it.
speaker_heading: COLBY
dialog: Sure, sounds good. So, Miss March,
dialog: got your bikini on under there?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Nope, just my fake water br---
text: Shelley glides up, saving her.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Maria, there you are. Bobby and
dialog: Zach from Kappa Sig are dying to
dialog: meet you.
dialog: (to Colby)
dialog: I'm sorry Colby, but Maria's a very
dialog: hot commodity.
text: As Shelley steers her off, Maria is taken aback.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Wait -- are we leaving? Why? I love
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Then we need to let him see that
dialog: you're in demand. Boys like a girl
dialog: better if they think that other
dialog: boys want her.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Other boys want me?
scene_heading: 67 EXT. CAMPUS QUAD - ZETA BOOTH - DAY 67
text: Tonya, Joanne and a few other newly blonde Zetas are hanging
text: with some cute boys as Ashley and Courtney walk up to them.
dialog: 68
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: What's going on over here?
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: We’re having fun with some guys and
dialog: signing up pledges. But you’re not
dialog: really our type so, see ya
dialog: Sasquatch.
text: The guys laugh. Ashley frowns.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Who are you? And where are the
dialog: Zetas?
text: One of the guys snickers.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What are you laughing at, Gerald?
text: Joanne steps up.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: We are the Zetas. 2008 edition.
text: The guys whoop and holler.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: Oh my g-d, I’m in love.
text: Out of frustration Ashley punches Courtney in the boob.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Why’d you do that?
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: I needed to hurt someone.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA KITCHEN - DAY 68
text: The girls do a post-quad wrap-up at the kitchen table as
text: Maria counts the money in the cash box.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: (to Harmony )
dialog: Brian Stone was all over you!
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Hello -- how about Mona?
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: I got numbers from four boys. But
dialog: it was all for research. And
dialog: Joanne, I saw you trying to flirt
dialog: with that guy on the track team.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Well... Maybe a little. Do you
dialog: realize that today was the first
dialog: time we've been that close to
dialog: fraternity guys since those Sigma
text: Nu pledges broke in and pooped on
dialog: our couch?
text: Shelley walks in. The girls look up. Lilly wearing a large
text: hat and sunglasses hands Harmony a note.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: (reading the note)
dialog: You're completely ingenious,
dialog: Shelley.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Thanks, Lilly!
text: Lilly smiles then runs away.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (to Mona)
dialog: That's the same as vapid, right?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: It's better.
scene_heading: 69 INT. ZETA BATHROOM 69
text: All the girls are getting ready for the night. They are all
text: in front of the mirror putting on make up and helping each
text: other finish their hair. Checking out their clothes in the
text: mirror etc... Shelley enters dressed like she is going out to
text: a night club. Very short skirt, very tight shirt. All the
text: girls stop what they are doing and stare at her.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: How do I look?
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: Heart stopping.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: That’s so nice thank you.
dialog: 70
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: No literally. We’re going to visit
dialog: old people and your outfit might
dialog: kill them.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh.
text: She turns and leaves as the girls continue on.
scene_heading: INT. OLD FOLKS' HOME - EVENING - LATER 70
text: Shelley enters the communal lobby where OLD FOLKS linger in
text: various states of boredom and narcolepsy. She sees Oliver.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oliver!
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Hey! Shelley, right?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yup. I’m here to service the old
dialog: folks and I hope you don’t mind but
dialog: I brought a few other volunteers
dialog: with me.
text: Behind Shelley, the rest of the Zetas enter.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Wow, this is incredible!.
text: Francis, a man using a walker approaches.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Ollie, who are these girls?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: They’re new volunteers, Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Is that right? Well in that case
dialog: why doesn’t one of them volunteer
dialog: to get me some Viagra?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Francis...
text: The girls laugh. Francis rolls away. Shelley offers Oliver a
dialog: wad of cash.
dialog: 71
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, and we brought this.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (baffled)
dialog: How much is this?.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: A lot. And we’re going to need a
dialog: lot to pay for the party these guys
dialog: are having tonight.
text: The deejay walks in along with the dance instructor. Harmony
text: is pointing out where they should set up. The older folks
text: look excited.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well, they can't party too much
dialog: they’re pretty ancient.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, you'd be surprised at what an
dialog: old man can do.
text: Oliver smiles, having no idea what she's talking about.
text: Shelley smiles back. So does an older man with no pants on.
scene_heading: INT. OLD FOLKS' HOME - NIGHT - LATER 71
text: A DJ plays MUSIC. A disco ball now hangs from the ceiling.
text: The old folks shuffle around the lobby, salsa dancing as best
text: they can in their slippers, led by a short DANCE INSTRUCTOR.
text: The Zetas fill in as dance partners where needed.
scene_heading: DANCE INSTRUCTOR
dialog: Nice moves, Beatrice. That’s the
dialog: way to shake those fake hips,
dialog: Maynard.
text: Shelley stands off to the side, watching with Oliver. They
text: secretly check each other out. The music switches to a waltz.
text: Francis yells over to Oliver.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: What're you, a gay? Ask the girl to
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (hopeful )
dialog: I'd love to --
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Are you sure? Because I have no
dialog: problem letting Francis think I'ma
dialog: gay-
dialog: 58.
text: She holds out her hands in a waltz position. He takes her in
text: his arms a bit awkwardly. They start waltzing.
text: Oliver and Shelley look into each others eyes.
text: proceeds to step on her foot.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
text: MOTHERFUCKER! !!!!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Sorry about that.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: ( cheerful)
dialog: It's all good.
dialog: Then he
text: He doesn’t want to step on her foot again so he looks down at
text: his feet. As he does this he keeps mouthing “side, one,
text: two... side, one, two”. Maynard and Beatrice dance next to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Ask her out already, Oliver.
dialog: (to Shelley)
dialog: He's a good boy. You should like
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: (leering at him)
dialog: And he's got a high ass. Perfect
dialog: for the bedroom.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: Take it easy, Super Slut, before I
dialog: put you back in a coma.
text: They dance off. Oliver looks back at Shelley, a little
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I don't want you to think I cave to
dialog: peer pressure, but would you like
dialog: to go to dinner sometime?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: How about anytime.
dialog: 72
dialog: Really?
text: They both look in
dialog: shimmy dance from
scene_heading: INT. ZETA KITCHEN
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: love. So does the old man who’s getting a
dialog: Tanya.
speaker_heading: - NIGHT 72
text: Shelley and the girls eat cookie dough. Maria is bursting
text: with excitement for Shelley.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: He's taking you to dinner?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I’m so freakin nervous. I haven't
dialog: been on a real date in nine years.
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hef didn't like us to date. We had
text: a curfew.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: What, were you an indentured
dialog: servant?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: No... these are my real teeth.
dialog: Besides Oliver isn’t like any guys
dialog: I know. He’s sweet and kind of shy.
dialog: A lot of guys at the Mansion would
dialog: just say what’s the delio and ask
dialog: if they could show me something
text: purple in the orgy room.
text: There is an awkward silence as the girls digest this bit of
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Speaking of orgies, how’s Colby
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Awesome. I think Shelley tricked
dialog: him into liking me. We hung out
dialog: three times this week.
dialog: 73
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Did you do it with him yet.
text: She suggestively moves her eyebrows up and down.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No! G-d -- I don't do -- that.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You're a virgin? That’s so cute. We
dialog: have to have an Aztec party. We
dialog: always wanted to have one at the
dialog: mansion, but we could never find a
dialog: virgin to sacrifice.
text: Off the girls' puzzled looks.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: And it will get us our thirty
dialog: pledges.
text: The girls all cheer.
text: A QUICK SERIES of mail popping into various computer screens
dialog: in dorm rooms, the library, computer labs, etc.
text: A female student opens the mail, it’s the Evite from the
text: Zetas. She clicks ‘play’, and on the COMPUTER SCREEN we see
text: the ZETA WEBSITE... We see graphics announcing the Aztec
text: Party with little dancing cartoon girls, each with a real
text: Zeta girl head on it, with Shelley prominently dancing in the
text: center... A banner scrolls across the top saying “come see a
text: real virgin get sacrificed”. A cartoon Maria is carried on to
text: the screen by some cartoon Aztecs. They hold her up while
text: another cartoon cuts her head off. The head falls to the
text: ground and says “See ya Friday” and The video ends, and we
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO --
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA BACK YARD - NIGHT 73
text: The sound of DRUMBEATS thunder across the yard as we CRANE up
text: over a giant VOLCANO made of JELLO. A river of STRAWBERRY
text: DAIQUIRI LAVA flows from its center. TIKI TORCHES surround
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 74
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA BACK YARD - NIGHT 74
text: Maria, wearing a sexy animal-hide costume, is CARRIED through
text: the party on a platform by some hunky loin-clothed guys. She
text: waves to the crowd, happily. Joanne and Shelley walk up.
speaker_heading: CUTE GUY
dialog: They’re really sacrificing her.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: CUTE GUY
dialog: Is that legal?
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I’m not sure.
text: Maria's platform is carried to the top of the volcano.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (into a wireless
dialog: microphone)
dialog: Welcome to Aztec Night -- the first
dialog: of many awesome Zeta parties to
dialog: come! And for all of you girls
dialog: going through Rush, remember to
dialog: make Zeta your number one choice!
text: The crowd CHEERS.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Now it’s time for this virgin to be
text: sacrificed in the boiling jello
dialog: lava.
text: Maria LEAPS into the jello volcano, causing the lava to ooze
text: out into a waiting baby pool. People rush to fill their cups.
text: Maria pretends to be burned and dies in a sexy but goofy way.
text: Two FRESHMAN GIRLS look around at the party, confused.
scene_heading: REDHEAD FRESHMAN GIRL
dialog: I thought everyone said Zeta was
dialog: lame.
scene_heading: BLONDE FRESHMAN GIRL
dialog: Not anymore.
text: Nearby Colby helps Maria out of the volcano.
dialog: 75
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: COLBY
dialog: I've never seen anyone get
dialog: sacrificed before. That was hot.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Really? 'Cause I could do it again -
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA BACK YARD - ACROSS THE YARD 75
text: Mona in an Aztec outfit with her notebook in hand, is
text: “interviewing” a guy for her thesis.
dialog: She poses
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Do you find yourself more attracted
dialog: to me when I’m like this or like
dialog: this?
text: first with her butt shoved out and then with her
text: boobs shoved out.
dialog: She makes
dialog: She makes
dialog: She grabs
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Uh, the second one.
dialog: a note.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: And because you like my boobs,
dialog: would you stand there and let me
dialog: giggle like an idiot for five
dialog: minutes just in the hope that we
dialog: might hook up?
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Uh, Yes.
dialog: another note.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: And just out of curiosity, even if
dialog: you didn’t find me attractive,
dialog: would you find it offensive if I
dialog: did this?
text: his nipples.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Uh, no.
text: Nearby Shelley wipes some residual lava off of Maria.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: You were the best virgin I've ever
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I might not be a virgin for long. I
dialog: think Colby wants me to be his
dialog: girlfriend!
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (clapping with delight)
dialog: Oh, my gosh! Really?
text: They hug each other delighted with girl joy.
scene_heading: EXT. PHI MU HOUSE - NIGHT 76
text: Ashley, Courtney and the Phi Mu Housemother stand on the
text: porch, watching the party at Zeta. A BANNER on the porch
text: reads "Phi Mu/Kappa Sig Mixer", but the Phi Mu house is
text: empty.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: They're over there, aren't they?
dialog: The Kappa Sigs?
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: Well, why don’t you figure out away
dialog: to get them back.
text: They all look at each other evilly until the housemother
text: farts.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA BACK YARD - PARTY 77
text: Shelley and Maria walk up to some FRESHMAN GIRLS.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (sotto to Shelley)
dialog: Find something in common, then zero
text: in on it.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Hi. Are you girls thinking of
dialog: rushing Zeta?
scene_heading: BLONDE FRESHMAN GIRL
dialog: I wasn't planning on it, but after
dialog: tonight, I think I changed my mind.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I change my mind all the time! If
dialog: you're a Zeta, we can do it
dialog: together.
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: With pudding!
text: Tanya passes by, thrown over the shoulder of one of the
text: loincloth guys. She calls out to Shelley and Maria.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: It’s my turn to get sacrificed. Who
dialog: would’‘ve thought being a virgin
dialog: would come in so handy!!!
text: The "native" slaps Tanya on the ass as they pass and moans in
text: goofy delight.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Lava! Lava!
text: As the crowd chants The loin-clothed guy carries Tanya up the
text: ladder. As people go crazy, Mona notices Ashley and Courtney
text: approaching.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Hello, ladies. Can I help you?
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: (scrambling)
dialog: We just wanted to see how our
dialog: fellow sisters the Zetas were
dialog: doing.
text: The crowd erupts in cheers as Tonya gets thrown high in the
text: air for a bellyflop sacrifice. The crowd goes ‘ooh’.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Pretty big splash for a cabbage
dialog: patch doll.
text: Courtney laughs and holds up her hand for a hi-five. Mona
text: stares at her for a beat and then reaches over and grabs the
text: microphone that Maria had earlier. She turns it on.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: (over the speakers)
dialog: Who wants another sacrifice?
text: The crowd goes crazy.
dialog: 78
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: MONA (CONT’D)
dialog: It doesn’t sound like you really
dialog: want it.
text: The crowd goes crazier.
speaker_heading: MONA (CONT’D)
dialog: Are these two good enough?
text: She points to Ashley and Courtney who stand there
text: dumbfounded. The crowd goes insane. A group of guys rushes
text: over picks up the two squealing Phi-Mus and starts heading
text: towards the volcano.
speaker_heading: MONA (CONT’D)
dialog: (yelling into the mic)
dialog: WAIT A MINUTE!!!
text: The entire crowd stops and looks at Mona. Dead silent.
speaker_heading: MONA (CONT’D)
dialog: We can only sacrifice virgins. Now
dialog: I’m not sure about these two so I
dialog: think we should take a vote. Does
dialog: anyone here think either of these
dialog: two girls is a virgin?
text: The entire crowd yells “No Way” in unison.
speaker_heading: MONA (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, me either. Dump ‘em.
text: The guys toss Ashley and Courtney into the baby pool as the
text: whole crowd laughs and points at them. The music kicks back
text: up and the party rages on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PHI MU HOUSE - NEXT DAY 78
text: Ashley and Courtney sit at the dining room table. Ashley is
text: eating M&M’s one at a time and looking like crap and Courtney
text: is holding an icebag on her breast. The housemother looks
text: impatient as she listens to them moan. The curtains are
text: closed and it is dark and cave like.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: I have never been so humiliated.
speaker_heading: COURTNEY
dialog: Everybody laughed at us.
dialog: 79
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: I’ve never been laughed at before.
text: The housemother snaps.
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: Well they’11 be laughing a lot
dialog: harder when those tramps get more
dialog: pledges than you.
text: She whips open the curtains and lets the sun in. The girls
dialog: react.
speaker_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re Phi-Mus for heavens sake.
dialog: Quit feeling sorry for your selves
dialog: and fight back. Those losers were
dialog: inches away from losing their house
dialog: and now they look like the queens
dialog: of the campus.
text: Ashley is so upset now she whips an M&M at Courtney’s other
text: tit. Courtney moans in pain ‘Owwwwww’.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROMANTIC RESTAURANT - NIGHT 79
text: Oliver and Shelley sit at a table for two. Shelley is dressed
text: a bit more conservatively than normal, but still sexy.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (mid conversation)
dialog: ..-And then it was humid so my hair
dialog: was bushy like Danny Devito’s
text: wife’s underarms.
text: Shelley thinks she has been rambling so she changes the
dialog: subject.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: But I don’t want to bore you with
dialog: all that girly stuff. So let’s talk
dialog: about something else.
text: She smiles. Oliver is not what you would call a player so he
text: is a little awkward around Shelley’s none too hidden
dialog: sexuality.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Um, Okay. Who are you gonna vote
dialog: for?
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I’m not sure yet. I just know I
dialog: won’t listen to what Simon says,
dialog: he’s so mean. I usually agree with
dialog: Paula and Randy.
text: Luckily the waiter walks up.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Are we ready to order?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Oh yes, Instead of the Mahi Mahi
dialog: can I just get one Mahi because I’m
dialog: not that hungry?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Umm, I’1l ask.
text: Oliver looks at her puzzled then orders.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Chicken Marsala for me.
text: The waiter walks away. The two look at each other awkwardly.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Who do think has more nose hair?
dialog: Donald Trump or Rosie O'Donnell?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Um, I don’t know.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yeah, me neither. Isn’t that weird?
text: Shelley thinks she's losing him so she tries her "in demand"
dialog: tactic.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Well, I hope they don’t take too
dialog: long with our food, because I have
dialog: another date at ten.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What's a girl to do when she's in
dialog: demand?
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 68.
text: Oliver frowns, less than impressed. Shelly gives a ‘what can
text: a hot girl like me do’ smile but has rye bread roll in her
text: front teeth.
scene_heading: EXT. CHI PSI HOUSE - BACKYARD - NIGHT 80
text: The Zetas are hanging with some cute boys. Mona is playing
text: beer pong against a fraternity guy and winning. She sinks
text: another one. The guy drinks it and then starts swaying.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: I think we’re going to have to cut
dialog: you off Ryan.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (slurring)
dialog: No sweet Mona, I’m doing just fine.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Okay.
text: She winds up and serves a ping pong ball into the guys mouth.
text: He swallows it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROMANTIC RESTAURANT - NIGHT 81
text: Shelley and Oliver wait at the valet stand.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: So, have fun on your next date.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh. I will. Thanks.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Alright, well good-night.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Do you want my number?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It sounds like you’ve got a lot
dialog: goin' on. Maybe I'll just see you
text: at the nursing home sometime.
text: He walks off.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (in baby talk voice)
dialog: Wait -- your biceps are huge! Kiss
dialog: me!
dialog: 82
dialog: 69.
text: He gives her a weird look, waves goodbye and keeps going.
text: Shelley stands there, forlorn. The valet hands her the keys.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I screwed up, didn't I?
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: Si. But I will kiss you with my man
dialog: tongue if that’s any consolation.
text: The valet sticks his tongue out and it has a tatoo of the
text: words MAN TONGUE on it. Shelley fakes like she’s getting a
text: cell phone call from her fake brother Steven Segal. The valet
text: puts his tongue back in.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 82
text: The girls are all hanging out and they can’t wait to hear the
text: details. Shelley enters, bummed out about her date.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: How'd it go, Shell?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Not good. I don't think he likes
dialog: me. He didn’t even try to do it
dialog: with me in the mens room.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Why do you think he didn’t like
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I could just tell. He didn’t fall
dialog: for any of my tricks.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Maybe he’s one of those guys that
dialog: wants to have an intelligent
text: conversation with a girl before he
dialog: hooks up with her?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What? No...... Really?.....
dialog: So I have to get smart? Can I even
dialog: do that?
text: All the girls give her encouraging looks.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE 83
text: Piles of textbooks on shelves and tables. Shelley emerges
text: with an armful of US magazines.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I usually get all my world news
dialog: from US Magazine.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: How about you try this one.
text: She holds up an issue of ‘U.S. News and World Report’.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Us news and world report? Does it
dialog: have celebrity pictures and gossip
dialog: from other countries, too?
text: Maria begrudgingly smiles and opens the paper to a picture of
text: a skinny starving African man with flies on him.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Is that Chris Rock? He’s looking
dialog: totally manarexic.
text: Maria is baffled.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - DAY 84
text: Shelley sits next to Tonya in an architecture class. The
text: PROFESSOR flips through SLIDES of different buildings and
text: drones on. Shelley takes all this in as best she can. Paying
text: complete attention. Shelley looks to her left and now doesn’t
text: see Tonya. The camera pans down and we see Tonya curled up
text: asleep under Shelley’s chair like the adorable little person
text: she is. Shelley pets her and keeps on learning.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ZETA HOUSE - DAY 85
text: Shelley is talking into Lilly’s closet. Lilly pokes her
text: scarf covered head out. Shelley leads her out across the
text: room and out onto the front yard. She looks peaceful and in
text: control. The two even start talking about English history.
text: From the other side of the yard, the mailman appears and
text: tries to hand her the mail. She freaks out and runs back
dialog: inside.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA’S ROOM - DAY 86
text: There is a chart on the wall that says “Intelligent
dialog: Conversation Topics”. It has headings that say, Literature,
text: Art, History, etc.. Shelley is sitting on the bed. Harmony is
text: sitting opposite her pretending to be Oliver(she is dressed
text: like a man and wearing a wig).
scene_heading: HARMONY AS OLIVER
dialog: So what did you do today, Shelley?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Well Oliver, I was dripping hot wax
dialog: on my ta-tas so I could see my
dialog: tolerance for pain.
text: Maria gives her a dirty look. Shelley reads off of the note-
text: card in her hand.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: I mean watched the O’Reilly Factor.
text: Maria and Harmony give a ‘that’s better’ look.
scene_heading: INT. JOANNES ROOM - NIGHT 87
text: Joanne is standing in front of the mirror. She is holding a
text: cute tropical outfit up in front of her. She is wearing her
text: usual clothes that cover her brace. Shelley walks in and
text: stands behind her.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: That’s such a cute outfit.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Too bad I can never wear it.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: When do you get to take the brace
dialog: off?
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Um, 2004.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Well it’s a good thing I asked!
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I don’t want to take it off I’m
dialog: used to it.
dialog: 88
dialog: 72.
text: Joanne runs to her bed and gets under the covers quickly.
text: Shelly approaches her very motherly.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: You know Joanne, when I was little,
dialog: I wore a Scooby Doo mask to school
dialog: for a whole month because I thought
dialog: I was ugly. Every single day...
dialog: Then one day a boy, Howard
text: Rebenstock, snuck up from behind me
dialog: and just tore it off my face. And
dialog: do you know what I realized?
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: That you were pretty?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: No, that I’d been wearing it upside
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I’m not really sure what you're
dialog: trying to tell me.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I don’t either but you’re a
dialog: butterfly now,not an earthworm! You
dialog: don’t need to hide anymore.
text: Joanne looks unsure.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA LAWN 88
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: He jogs by here around this time
dialog: every day. You like him. You want
dialog: to talk to him. Today is your day.
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: Here he comes.
text: The cute guy jogs by the house. Joanne just freezes.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on Joanne, say something to
dialog: him. Spread your wings, butterfly.
text: Joanne goes to say something but she can’t.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: He’s getting away! You can do
dialog: this! You know why?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Because you’re a smart, beautiful,
dialog: confident woman. And no matter
dialog: what, I love you.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: One hundred and fifty percent.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: You're the best Shelley. I love
dialog: you, too.
text: The girls look at each other sweetly. Then Joanne looks and
text: sees her guy has run past the house and is getting away.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Go get him!
text: Joanne takes off running after her guy. We see her legs
text: going, faster and faster.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Run Joanne, run!
text: And then, in SLOW MOTION, her brace starts to break into
text: pieces and fall off her body just like FORREST GUMP. Joanne
text: catches the guy and runs along side him.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Hi Steve.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Hey Joanne. I didn’t know you ran.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I do now.
text: Back on the lawn, Shelley watches proudly. Then, her moment
dialog: of bliss is BROKEN by
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: You're pretty pleased with
dialog: yourself, aren’t you?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What? Yes, I guess I am.
dialog: 89
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: Well don’t get used to that
dialog: feeling, because there is no way
dialog: I’m going to let a whorey little
dialog: tart like you stand in the way of
text: the Phi Mu’s taking the Zeta house.
text: Shelley is shocked. Then, her gaze goes toward a birthmark
text: on the Phi Mu Housemother’s neck.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What’s that thing on your neck?
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: It’s a mole!
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: A mole? It looks more like a
dialog: pUppy-
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: You’ve been warned. Don’t mess
dialog: with me. Don’t mess with Phi Mu.
text: She walks off.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Boy, someone needs a smoothie with
text: an extra vita boost.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S ROOM - DAY 89
text: Shelley, in a boxy cardigan, a denim knee-length skirt and
text: clogs looks in the mirror. She is wearing no makeup and her
text: hair is pulled back. She is dismayed.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: But, you can't even tell I have
dialog: boobs!
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Come on, you gave us alla
dialog: makeover, it’s our turn to give you
dialog: one. Nothing against your
dialog: previous... ‘boyfriends’, but
dialog: Oliver is the kind of guy that
dialog: wants a girl to look smart. Trust
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I do trust you.
dialog: 90
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Your head is still too sexy. You
dialog: might need to wear my glasses.
text: Shelley takes them with a sigh.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: It'll be good. Oliver is not the
dialog: type of guy that wants boobs over
dialog: brains.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Okay, so I shouldn’t stand on my
dialog: head.
text: Maria laughs. So does Shelley but she doesn’t know why.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME - EVENING 90
text: As some girls read to the older folks, Harmony leads the
text: other old folks in a yoga class. Beatrice is trying to touch
text: her toes but can’t bend past her knees.
speaker_heading: BEATRICE
dialog: When I was younger I could put my
text: feet behind my head.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: No one finds that surprising.
text: Francis sits talking to Shelley. We only see Shelly from
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: I don’t know about all that but I
dialog: sure do sweat a lot at night.
text: Oliver walks by, hearing this.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What's going on?
text: Shelley turns around, wearing her frumpy outfit, eyes BULGING
text: through Maria's coke-bottle glasses.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Shelley?
dialog: 91
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, hello Oliver. We're discussing
dialog: global warming. An area of
dialog: particular interest to me. Perhaps
dialog: if it's of interest to you, we
dialog: could go get a cup of coffee and
dialog: talk about it?
text: Oliver takes in the new Shelley.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Uh, yeah, I guess. Unless you've
dialog: got another date later.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I'm free for the entire evening.
dialog: (to Francis)
dialog: Sorry Francis can we continue this
dialog: discussion later?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Better be soon. I'm old.
text: Oliver checks out Shelley’s new outfit as they walk out.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE HOUSE - NIGHT 91
text: Shelley and Oliver drink their coffee. Shelley has taken off
text: Maria's glasses.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well, I've never heard it put that
dialog: way, but you're right -- Kim Jong
dialog: Il is super mean.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: And there's some bad people in the
dialog: Middle East who are doing some bad
dialog: things, too, and I don’t think
dialog: that’s right.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Sounds like you've been reading the
dialog: paper.
text: Shelley nods.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: The girls have it delivered right
dialog: to the house. Every morning.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You really click with those girls
dialog: don’t you?.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: They're my new family.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What happened to your old one?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Unfortunately, they didn’t want me
dialog: around anymore.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Wow. That’s terrible.
text: Shelley thinks a moment.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: When I was little, one of my foster
dialog: moms had a coffee cup that said,
dialog: "Life is a shit sandwich, but you
dialog: don't have to take a bite." And
dialog: I've tried to live by those words
dialog: ever since.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well -- I guess it works because
dialog: you're definitely the most upbeat
dialog: person I've ever met.
text: Shelley smiles at him, touched. It's the first time a man has
dialog: ever complimented her for anything but her looks.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: So, what did your mom's coffee cup
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I think it was, "Leave me alone.
dialog: I'm busy chain-smoking."
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Well, at least she had a hobby.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: See? Upbeat.
text: The waiter comes over and starts clearing the table
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Would you care for any desert?
dialog: 92
dialog: 78.
text: He looks at Shelley and a light goes off in his head.
speaker_heading: WAITER (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait a minute -- this is gonna
dialog: sound weird, but were you ever in
dialog: Playboy?
text: Oliver takes umbrage at this.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Whoa -- excuse me, pal. That’s a
dialog: little insulting. Are you calling
dialog: my date a bimbo?
text: Shelley looks at him, knowing now what he would think of her
dialog: if he knew the truth.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: No, of course not. I'm sorry,
dialog: ma'am. I was out of line.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh, it's okay -- I'm sure whichever
dialog: -- "bimbo" -- was in that issue is
dialog: really pleased that you remember
dialog: her.
text: He leaves.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I should have popped that jerk.
dialog: Playboy. Gimme a break.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yeah, those girls are all boobs and
dialog: no brains. I like to think of
dialog: myself as all brains and medium
text: boobs.
text: Oliver smiles; Shelley forces a smile through her
dialog: disappointment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 92
text: Shelley enters, shutting the door behind her. Maria and the
text: other girls look over from the living room.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: So? What happened?
dialog: 93
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: Did you talk about the situation in
dialog: Sri Lanka?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Did you get to use "parsimonious"
dialog: in a sentence?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Who cares? Did you guys do it?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: Uh, no.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: What? Why not?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: It just... isn’t going to work out.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Oh, but I was hoping we could both
dialog: lose our virginity in the same
dialog: semester.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (frozen smile)
dialog: Yeah...
scene_heading: INT. PLAYBOY MANSION - HEF'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 93
text: Hef sits on his bed eating ice cream out of the carton. All
text: of the curtains are closed. Holly, Bridget, Kendra and
text: Cassandra try to rouse him from his depression. Marvin brings
text: in a new carton and switches it out.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: C’mon puffin. You’ve been in here
dialog: for days now.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: Yeah, Hef. Let’s have movie night.
dialog: It'll cheer you up.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: Why would she just leave?
speaker_heading: CASSANDRA
dialog: It’s for the best. She wasn’t
dialog: happy.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: How do you know? What did she tell
dialog: you?
text: Marvin looks terrified as he quickly exits. Cassandra lies
text: without missing a beat.
speaker_heading: CASSANDRA
dialog: She never told me anything, but I
dialog: used to hear her crying in her room
text: late at night.
text: Hef shakes his head sadly at this.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: I think I’d like to be alone for a
dialog: bit.
speaker_heading: CASSANDRA
dialog: Sure, Hef.
text: The girls all get up slowly.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: (bummed out)
dialog: I guess we can have another pillow
dialog: fight in my room.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (equally bummed)
dialog: I’1ll go get the whipped cream.
text: The girls all exit, on the way out Cassandra shoots Marvin a
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: Marvin, I'd like to do some editing
dialog: work on the website. Could you put
dialog: it up on my computer please?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Marvin heads for the computer room. He pauses, looks at Hef,
text: gets an idea, then exits to the computer room..
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER ROOM 94
text: It’s empty. Hef enters, sits and looks at the screen. He
text: gets a puzzled look on his face. We see THE SCREEN. Marvin
text: has put the ZETA WEBSITE up. Next to a banner that says
text: ‘click here for our Aztec Party Photos’ is a cartoon body of
text: a girl with SHELLEY’S HEAD on it. Hef’s face brightens.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: My Shelly?
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM - THE NEXT EVENING 95
text: The girls are all gathered in the living room for Bid Night.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Okay, guys. So like everybody on
dialog: campus wants to be a Zeta now. But
dialog: unfortunately we can only have
dialog: thirty. So let’s figure out who
dialog: they are going to be. Hit it
dialog: Carrie.
text: Carrie starts the slide show. The first girl comes up.
text: Cute blonde. Looks very new Zeta.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Kristin Withers. Pre-med.
dialog: Family from Greenwich. Everyone?
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Yeah, yeah, etc
text: Next slide. Another cute blonde.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Jill Palmer, from Colorado.
dialog: Theater major. Father owns Coors.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Yeah, yeah, etc.
text: Next slide. Dark haired girl. Still cute.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Allison Jackson. English major.
text: From Florida. Has a Porsche.
dialog: Everyone met her right?
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Yeah, yeah. She’s good.
dialog: 96
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: Are you guys sure?
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: Well, we’ve sort of achieved an
dialog: image here, and to be honest I
dialog: don’t know if this girl fits in.
dialog: She seemed kind of weird. She was
text: eating our cake with her fingers.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I saw her watching Iron Chef during
dialog: the party.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: You see? Kind of socially awkward
text: and brunette.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Yeah, yeah, dump her. Forget it.
text: The phone in the kitchen rings. Someone comes back and says
text: it’s for Shelley. Shelley exits.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 96
text: Shelley picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: Is this my darling Shelley?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hef?
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: Oh thank heavens. I’m so glad we
dialog: found you.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I can’t believe I’m hearing your
dialog: voice. I’ve totally missed you and
dialog: I’m so sorry for whatever I did.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: What you did?
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yeah. Marvin gave me the birthday
dialog: card you wrote...
scene_heading: 97 INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 97
text: Next slide is a meeker girl with thick glasses.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Katootoo Jihiman. Sociology. From
dialog: India. Everyone?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Could those glasses be any thicker?
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: Yeah, and hair conditioner called,
dialog: it wants to know why you won’t use
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Not up to Zeta standards.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: No way. Nah. Next.
text: Lilly peaks her head out of her door.
text: Next slide. A little person. Looks good other than that.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Jodi Taylor. Film school. New
dialog: Mexico. Everyone?
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: (noticing Tonya)
dialog: She’s okay. I guess. Yeah, yeah.
speaker_heading: TONYA
dialog: Hey, don’t look at me. I thought
dialog: she was weird. All she talked
dialog: about was Justin Timberlake and her
text: pet lizard.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Phewwww, thanks. We agree....
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Look at you people! Is this really
dialog: what you have become?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 98
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Judging other girls on their
dialog: appearance, calling them ‘weird’?
dialog: I’m sure glad I joined when I did
dialog: because I probably wouldn’t make
dialog: the cut these days. And neither
dialog: would a lot of you. I can’t believe
dialog: that Zeta has become just like Phi
dialog: Mu. A bunch of snooty bitches!
text: Lilly gets so self conscience that she finally spoke that she
text: bolts toward the window and dives out. Everyone stares at
text: each other. She was right about what she said. Silence.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 98
text: Shelley on phone, much happier.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: It was bad information you
dialog: received, Shelly, and to prove it
dialog: to you darling, I want you to be
dialog: the March centerfold.
text: Shelley’s eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh my g-d! Hef, that is so
dialog: awesome. I can’t believe it!.
speaker_heading: HEF
dialog: Believe it. And I want you to move
dialog: back to the Mansion. It’s just not
dialog: the same without you.
text: Shelley's smile is gigantic but she notices things around the
text: kitchen that remind her of her new family, a Zeta calendar on
text: the wall, pictures from the Aztec party and the nursing home
text: with Oliver in front are on the fridge. Hef keeps talking
text: but we don’t hear what he is saying anymore. Shelley is
text: having second thoughts.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I’m so sorry Hef. I love you, but I
dialog: can’t do it. I just can’t. I’ve
dialog: started a new family and I’m gonna
dialog: stay here with them.
speaker_heading: HEF
text: WHAAAATTTTT?2??!!!!!...
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 99
text: The girls are still sitting in silence.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Oh my G-D. What have we become?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: It all started with this fake
dialog: blonde hair. And these stupid
dialog: water bras. We’re just a bunch of
text: clones. Completely interchangeable.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 100
text: Shelley hangs up the phone and starts back to the living
text: room. Just as she reaches the door she hears Mona talking
text: and stops.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM —- CONTINUOUS 101
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: This is all Shelley's fault.
dialog: Before she got here we were
dialog: individuals she’s turned us into
dialog: stupid bunnies. We’d be so much
dialog: better off if she had never came
dialog: into our lives.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 102
text: Shelley. Shocked. Hurt. A tear.
text: She quickly runs back to her room unnoticed.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM —- CONTINUOUS 103
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You’re right about us. But you are
dialog: wrong about Shelley. She is the
dialog: best thing that ever happened to
dialog: this place. She didn’t just change
dialog: our outward appearance. She
dialog: changed our attitudes. We can
dialog: throw parties now. Heck, I may
dialog: even have a boyfriend for the first
dialog: time in my life.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: And Mona, you no longer have a that
dialog: stupid bone going through your
dialog: nose.
text: Everyone agrees that is a good one. Lilly coming back in the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: And she got me to talk.
text: Everyone agrees, happily.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: And she freed me from my fears.
dialog: More agreement.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: You’re right. I just think we need
dialog: to tone it down a little. Be more
dialog: of who we were.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Yeah. Good idea.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: It will be the perfect mix. Half
dialog: Shelley. Half us.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Where is Shelley, anyway?
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: In the kitchen. Hey Shelley!
text: She doesn’t answer. They all go to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA KITCHEN 104
text: Shelley is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. UCLA ROAD - NEXT DAY 105
text: Shelley sits in her car. Crying. Writing a letter. She
text: looks at the picture of Pooter hanging from her rearview
dialog: mirror.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I can’t be myself with Oliver, and
dialog: I tried to turn the girls into
dialog: something they don’t want to be.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well Pooter, I guess all I am is
dialog: just a dumb bunny.
scene_heading: EXT. NURSING HOME - LATER 106
text: Shelley's car pulls up. She gets out and approaches the front
text: door. She takes out an envelope, we see the name ‘Oliver’ on
text: it. She drops it through the mail slot and heads back to her
text: car and drives off.
scene_heading: INT. SHELLEY’S CAR 107
text: Shelley drives the windy Sunset Boulevard. Her cellphone
text: rings, she answers.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Shelley, it’s Maria. Where are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I’m moving back to the mansion. Hef
dialog: called last night and said he
dialog: wanted me to be the March
text: centerfold.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (trying to be happy)
dialog: Oh, wow. Congratulations. That’s
dialog: awesome.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yeah, it’s what I always wanted.
dialog: So....
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: So good. Good. Great. All your
text: dreams are finally coming true.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yeah, I guess they are. You guys
dialog: have a great rush, I’m sure you’ll
dialog: get a million new pledges. Tell
dialog: everyone I said goodbye.
text: Shelley hangs up. Maria is confused, something doesn’t seem
dialog: right...
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTY SCHOOL - DAY 108
text: MUSIC plays as a MONTAGE BEGINS. Joanne, Mona and Becky once
text: again have their heads in the sinks as stylists attend to
text: them. Harmony, Tanya and Carrie Mae are under the dryer.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: Well, whatever we're gonna be, we
dialog: need to figure it out. We still
dialog: need 30 girls by Oct. 15th, or we
dialog: can kiss it all goodbye.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: When we show these girls who we
dialog: really are I don’t think we’1ll have
dialog: any problems. Right?
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - DAY 109
text: Shelley pulls in to a hero’s welcome. She is almost enjoying
text: it. We see Cassandra walking down the driveway with Marvin
text: carrying her luggage.
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME - DAY 110
dialog: Oliver opens a letter. Its the one Shelley was writing. We
text: hear his voice reading it over the rest of the montage.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I am sorry I couldn’t tell you this
dialog: in person. It was way too
dialog: embarrassing to face you after all
dialog: we've been through. I’m leaving
dialog: the Zeta house to fulfill my life
dialog: long dream. And I know that it
dialog: won’t make any sense to you. I’m
dialog: going to work in the Peace Corps in
dialog: the mountains of Peru.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS - DAY 111
text: Joanne and Carrie Mae, now brunette again, stand alongside
text: Mona who is still blonde, but with a more punk rock hairdo
text: and a defiant stripe of blue. They hand out ZETA LOLLIPOPS
text: while Harmony strums her guitar.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION 112
text: The cat jumps into Shelley’s arms. Shelley smiles and holds
text: the cat up to her face for a kiss. Then with an even bigger
text: smile on her face, walks over and places the cat inside the
text: dog fence. The dogs start chasing her all around.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA FRONT YARD - DAY 113
text: Harmony, now make-up free, pokes holes in her water bra with
text: a steak knife and waters the rosebushes. Behind her, Maria
text: and Joanne hang a Rush banner that reads: "ZETA: BE WHO YOU
speaker_heading: WANNA BE".
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME 114
text: Oliver finishes the letter. Looks confused.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE ENDS
scene_heading: INT. SHELLEY'S ROOM MANSION - NIGHT 115
text: Shelley is ready for bed, talking to Marvin.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: .--. and that’s when I overheard the
dialog: girls talking about me. I thought
dialog: they’d be better off without me
dialog: so... here I am.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: I don’t know Shelley, it sounds
dialog: like they were better off with you.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I guess not. And you know what
dialog: really sucks is for the first time
dialog: in my life, I really felt like
dialog: people liked me for what I had to
dialog: say. I was even going to sign up
dialog: for some night classes next
dialog: semester so I could come up with
dialog: even smarter things to say to
dialog: people but I guess that would be
dialog: stupid now.
text: This hits Marvin.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Anyway, good night Marvin. It’s
dialog: great to talk to you again.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: It sure is Shelly. Good night.
text: Marvin goes to exit, pausing at the door for a moment to look
text: at Shelley rolling over sadly to go to sleep. Then he exits.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA FRONT YARD 116
text: Maria is holding court. The other Zetas are talking to
text: rushees on the lawn. They all have a confidence and
text: enthusiasm that wasn’t there before.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Zeta was founded on the tenets of
dialog: sisterhood, friendship and
dialog: philanthropy. Since then we’ve
dialog: added kick ass parties to the list.
text: Joanne is talking to some girls by the front steps.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: There really isn’t a Zeta type.
dialog: We’re open to all girls who are
dialog: looking for something different.
dialog: That’s why our rush theme is “Be
dialog: who you want to be”.
speaker_heading: EAGER RUSHEE
dialog: Zeta's still totally my first
dialog: choice.
scene_heading: ANOTHER RUSHEE
dialog: Me, too.
text: Maria smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS QUAD 117
text: Lilly walks across the quad. She has all the pledge bids in
text: her hands. There must be about 100 of them.
scene_heading: INT. MAIL DISTRIBUTION CENTER 118
text: Lilly walks up to the counter. The clerk is on the phone,
text: shuffling through some papers. There is a cute guy standing
text: there who notices her.
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Hi. Are you new on campus? I don’t
dialog: think we’ve ever met. My name is
dialog: Cole.
text: Lilly puts the invites down on the counter and fixes her
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: I just...transferred. My name is
dialog: Lilly.
text: Ashley walks in to drop off her bids. She sees Lilly is in
text: deep conversation. She sees Lilly’s envelopes. While the
text: clerk is still turned around, she acts quickly and slides
text: them into the nearby garbage can. The clerk finishes his
text: phone call. Ashley hands her invites to him.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: She just dropped these on the
dialog: floor. Can you send them out for
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Sure thing.
text: Ashley exits. Lilly turns around. Notices the invites are
text: missing. Starts to freak.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: What happened to all those
dialog: invites??
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I got ‘em. Don’t worry.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Pheww. You scared me.
scene_heading: INT. PLAYBOY MANSION 119
text: Shelley is looking at old party photos on the wall. She is
text: about to be part of history. She pauses at one for a beat
text: longer than the rest.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: Nah. No way.
text: The Playboy EDITOR appears behind her. He pulls out a chair
dialog: for her.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: So let's get started on your
dialog: centerfold interview.
text: Shelley sits. He smiles at her.
speaker_heading: EDITOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s start with ambitions.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Well my ambition was to be a
text: centerfold.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: So all your dreams have come true.
text: Shelley nods, halfheartedly.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Yeah...I guess so.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Guilty pleasure?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Eating cookie dough with my best
dialog: friend Maria... who secretly hates
dialog: me.
text: He takes notes.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: We'll just change "who hates me" to
dialog: "in the nude".
text: He makes a note on his papers.
speaker_heading: EDITOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, hit me with your turn-ons.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (wistful)
dialog: Someone who's kind and sweet to old
dialog: people. A bad dancer. And guys
dialog: whose first name begins with 0.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Wow. That's hot. Turn offs?
text: Shelley thinks for a moment.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Cauliflower, global warming, and
dialog: misogyny.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: Let's just change "misogyny" to
dialog: “mean people”.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM 120
text: It’s all decked out. Furniture moved to the sides of the
dialog: room. They are ready for the 100 girls to show up. Our
text: girls look really nice, and are just waiting around.
text: Mona walks in with a huge bowl.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: This should be big enough to hold
dialog: everyone’s name.
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: I bet we're the first sorority to
dialog: pick their pledges by drawing names
text: out of a bowl.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: This way we don’t have to judge
dialog: people. The first 30 girls picked
dialog: get the bids.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: All the girls are so nice. Maybe
dialog: I’1l move out so we can pick 31.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I could move out or we might only
dialog: be able to pick 29.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: If there is a shy pledge, she can
dialog: have my closet.
text: Mona is looking out the front door.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Hey check this out.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA STREET 121
text: All the rushees are piling into the other houses. No one is
text: coming to Zeta.
dialog: 122
dialog: 94.
text: Ashley and Courtney welcome their huge throng.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA LIVING ROOM 122
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: HARMONY
dialog: Do you think everyone changed their
dialog: minds?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: You did send out the invitations,
dialog: didn’t you Lilly?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS
scene_heading: SHE TURNS AROUND
scene_heading: THE INVITES ARE GONE
text: THE CLERK NODS AND SMILES
text: SHE SEES ASHLEY EXITING
text: SHE SEES ASHLEY SMILING
text: TYLER HANDS HER HIS PHONE NUMBER
text: SHE SMILES AND PUTS IT IN HER PURSE
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Guys...Ashley must have stolen
dialog: them. She was there when I was
dialog: there. And there was this boy
dialog: there. And I never talked to one
dialog: before. And I got his phone
dialog: number. And, and, and...
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: That bitch. Time for her to get
dialog: cut.
text: Mona opens her switchblade. Everyone is ready to kill.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. ZETA HOUSE 123
text: The girls burst out of the house and head for Phi Mu. Mona
text: is the first one there, getting in Ashley's face.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: You couldn’t beat us so you had to
dialog: pull this crap.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: What?
text: There is general hub bub and name calling amongst the two
text: sororities finally the Phi Mu housemother steps in.
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: Girls. Girls. Girls. Where is your
dialog: spirit of sisterhood? This should
dialog: be a great day. Inviting others to
dialog: join us as sisters for life.
speaker_heading: CARRIE MAE
dialog: (pointing to Ashley)
dialog: She stole our bids.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: I don’t have any idea what you are
text: talking about.
scene_heading: PHI MU HOUSEMOTHER
dialog: Now, we had a deal. And it appears
dialog: that you have not fulfilled it. So
text: Monday Zeta will appear in front of
dialog: the Pan-Hellenic council to have
dialog: their charter revoked. If you have
dialog: any evidence of your charges
dialog: against Ashley you can present it
dialog: there.
text: The Zetas look devastated as they head back to their house.
text: The Phi-Mus wave goodbye and fake like they are wiping away
text: tears as they head back inside.
scene_heading: INT. PLAYBOY MANSION - LIBRARY 124
text: Shelley is getting ready to shoot her centerfold. She has
text: chosen the library as her setting. She is posing next to one
text: of the bookshelves with a cart full of books. She is not yet
text: nude but she is very skimpily dressed. There is a person with
text: a fog machine and a person with a wind machine. Everyone is
text: bustling around. Shelley looks distracted.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: We need more fog!
text: The guy cranks up the machine a little and a cloud of smoke
text: envelopes Shelley.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: Why would there be fog in a
dialog: library?
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: It’s sexy. Who knows maybe someone
dialog: is smoking.
text: Maria enters.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Or maybe it’s because your butt is
text: smoking hot.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (excited for the first
dialog: time)
dialog: Maria! What are you doing here?
text: They run to each other and hug. While Maria and Shelley are
text: talking, various hair, make-up people and clothing stylists
text: work on Shelley like a Nascar pit crew. Going as far as
text: flossing her teeth.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I came to straighten out the mix up
dialog: about what you overheard the girls
dialog: saying about you.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: How do you know about that?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Well, let’s just say a little bird
dialog: told me.
text: Maria looks to the door, Marvin is standing there smiling.
text: Maria looks back to Shelley.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: What bird?
text: Maria and Marvin react, Marvin walks over and stands right
text: next to Maria.
dialog: 125
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Shelley, Marvin called me and said
dialog: you told him everything that
dialog: happened. It was alla
dialog: misunderstanding so I came right
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: But I heard what you guys said
dialog: about. Everyone thinks I ruined
dialog: Zeta. Mona said I turned you all
text: into a bunch of dumb bunnies. OUCH!
text: One of the pit crew has plucked an unwanted hair from
text: Shelley’s butt with a pair of tweezers and holds it up
text: proudly.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Could I have five minutes guys.
text: Everyone walks away as Shelley puts on a robe and leads Maria
text: to a different room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 125
text: The girls enter the room which is adorned with old photos on
text: the wall.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Mona was just talking about our
dialog: hair and the way we were dressing.
dialog: Maybe we did go a little to far.
dialog: But everybody loves you. For the
dialog: next ten minutes we all talked
dialog: about how you were the best thing
dialog: that ever happened to us. The
dialog: house just isn’t the same without
dialog: you.
text: Shelley’s eyes well up a bit at this news.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Of course. You’re the best
dialog: housemother any sorority has ever
dialog: seen.
text: They hug.
dialog: 126
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Oh my G-d, I have to thank Marvin.
dialog: And where’s that big bird, I’d like
dialog: to thank it, too.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Shelley, forget about the -- I will
dialog: pass on your thanks to the bird.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (breaking the hug)
dialog: So what happened with rush?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Well, we had tons of girls
text: interested, but no one showed up
dialog: because Ashley stole our bids. We
dialog: have no proof but she did.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: So the house is gone?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Yeah. We’re supposed to go in front
dialog: of the Pan-Hellenic council on
dialog: Monday to make it official but I
dialog: don’t think any of us are even
dialog: going to show up. We been
dialog: humiliated enough in our lives.
text: Shelley looks at the old PHOTOS on the wall of Hef and his
text: exploits throughout the years. She stops in front of the one
text: she was staring at before and pulls it off the wall.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Maybe someone else does.
scene_heading: INT. PAN-HELLENIC COUNCIL MEETING 126
text: A large auditorium style classroom. It is filled with
text: sorority and fraternity types. There is a table at the front
text: with Ashley and a couple of other “Greek” leaders. There is
text: also a large screen and a projection system. Mrs. Hagstrom
text: and Mr. Walker, her fraternity counterpart, are obviously
dialog: running things.
speaker_heading: MR. WALKER
dialog: So the new goal for fund-raising
dialog: next semester is two thousand
dialog: dollars per house.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: MR. WALKER (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyone coming in above that will be
dialog: honored in our yearly banquet. All
dialog: those in favor say aye.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Aye.
text: On the big screen the group shot from the Zeta’s appears.
scene_heading: MRS. HAGSTROM
dialog: Now, our last order of business.
dialog: Unfortunately, not all of us will
dialog: be here next year.
text: Shelley and all the girls enter at the back of the
dialog: auditorium.
speaker_heading: MRS. HAGSTROM (CONT’D)
dialog: For the fifth year in a row the
dialog: Zeta’s did not fulfill their rush
dialog: requirements so they will be de-
dialog: certified and their house put up
dialog: for sale. All those in favor
dialog: say.....
text: Shelley makes her way down the center aisle. Everyone hub-
text: bubs.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Not so fast. I have one piece of
dialog: business that I think everyone will
dialog: want to see, before you get to your
dialog: piece.
scene_heading: MRS. HAGSTROM
dialog: Please Miss Darlington, you are not
dialog: a housemother anymore. You don’t
dialog: even have a house. This fine
dialog: institution of higher learning will
dialog: be much better off without a band
text: of misfits led by a wanna be porn
dialog: star. This institution is and
dialog: always will be hose bag free.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I couldn’t have said it better
dialog: myself.
text: The crowd...huh, what? Carrie Mae gets the guy running the
text: projector in a headlock and Mona drops in the slide. It isa
text: picture of Hef from Woodstock. He is standing next to a very
text: muddy, very naked, very hairy hippy. On closer examination we
text: see that it is a young Mrs. Hagstrom and she is grabbing
text: Hef’s crotch. The crowd bursts into heated conversation.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT’D)
dialog: Are these the type of values we
dialog: would like to promote Mrs.
dialog: Hagstrom?
scene_heading: MRS. HAGSTROM
dialog: That is not me!
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Then I guess there must be two
dialog: people who have a freaky mole on
text: their neck that looks like a puppy.
text: Mona drops another slide in and we see that it is a close up
text: of the mole on the hippy’s neck. Mrs. Hagstrom covers her
text: neck and starts to stutter.
scene_heading: MRS. HAGSTROM
dialog: But... I mean... It was The
dialog: Sixties.
dialog: (she goes for the
dialog: projector)
dialog: You can’t blame me I was shrooming.
text: The hubbubs go crazy. Mr. Walker bangs a gavel on the table
dialog: to get everyone to calm down.
speaker_heading: MR. WALKER
dialog: While this is without a doubt the
dialog: most interesting meeting I’ve been
dialog: to in a while, I think it is time
dialog: to resolve these issues and move
dialog: on. So here is how it is going to
dialog: work. We’re all going to start
dialog: over. Mrs. Hagstrom, you’re gonna
dialog: tone it down and act like a human
dialog: being again from now on with or
dialog: without the assistance of
text: mushrooms.
text: Mrs. Hagstrom nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: MR. WALKER (CONT'D)
dialog: As for the girls of Phi-Mu, I wish
dialog: I could put you on probation for
dialog: being mean and nasty people but I
dialog: can’t so I will just tell you, try
dialog: to be less bitchy.
text: The girls are shocked.
speaker_heading: MR. WALKER (CONT'D)
dialog: You heard me.
dialog: 127
dialog: 101.
text: He turns to the Zeta’s.
speaker_heading: MR. WALKER (CONT'D)
dialog: And that brings us to the Zeta’s,
dialog: you’re going to keep your house,
dialog: your dignity, and your self esteem,
dialog: but maybe you could shave your legs
dialog: every once in a while?
text: The Zeta’s nod in agreement then celebrate, all gathering
text: around Shelley and hugging her.
speaker_heading: MR. WALKER (CONT'D)
dialog: But next year you will get enough
text: pledges and meet all the other
dialog: requirements or we will be back
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Yes sir!
text: Ashley walks over and angrily whispers to Mrs. Hagstrom.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: And you yelled at me for wearing
dialog: open toed shoes!
text: The Beer Pong Dude stands up.
speaker_heading: BEER PONG DUDE
dialog: Can we get a copy of that picture?
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: It’s all yours.
text: Mona flings it out into the crowd.
speaker_heading: BEER PONG DUDE
dialog: Great. I’m gonna post it on
dialog: www.need-a-trim.com.
text: Everyone laughs except Mrs. Hagstrom.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA HOUSE - DAY 127
text: The girls all enter the house. Everyone is celebrating their
dialog: victory.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: That was awesome Shelley. You saved
dialog: us again.
dialog: 128
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Hef and Marvin get a lot of the
dialog: credit, too.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: This is so great. Everything
dialog: worked out perfectly.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Well, not perfectly. Real
dialog: perfection would be me and Oliver
dialog: together right now. But that can
dialog: never be cause I moved to Peru and
text: only left him a note.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: But you didn’t really move to Peru.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I know that but he doesn’t.
text: Shelley walks towards the kitchen a little dejected.
scene_heading: INT. ZETA KITCHEN 128
text: As Shelley enters she sees Oliver standing under a banner
text: that says “Welcome Back from Peru Shelley”. He is holding a
text: bouquet of flowers. Shelley shyly walks over to him. All the
text: girls enter now.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: How did you know I was back from
dialog: Peru?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: A little bird told me.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: I got to meet this freakin bird and
dialog: take him to dinner or something.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Me. I’m the bird. I called Oliver
dialog: up the minute I found out you were
text: upset.
text: Shelley is touched. She puts her hands over her heart.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: This is what it must feel like to
dialog: have a best friend.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: Now I have to admit something to
dialog: you. I didn’t go to Peru.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Get out of here.
text: Everyone in the room laughs.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Also, I was in Playboy.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I know, Shelly. And I have
dialog: something to admit to you. I was
dialog: totally wrong about saying girls in
dialog: Playboy are bimbos. Because you
dialog: are the sweetest, funniest, most
dialog: caring and generous girl I’ve ever
dialog: met in my life, not to mention your
text: incredible brain and medium boobs.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: So... you’ll be my boyfriend?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Heck yeah. I mean how many guys
dialog: who manage a nursing home get to
dialog: say they have a Playmate Centerfold
dialog: for a girlfriend?
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Actually I left before we did the
dialog: photo shoot. But if you have a
dialog: camera I can be your personal
text: private centerfold.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Does anyone have a camera I can
dialog: borrow right now?!! I’1l give you
dialog: everything I own!!!!!!!!
text: Shelley laughs as Oliver pulls her in for a kiss. We see all
text: the girls peeking in at the kitchen door. Everyone oooohhhhs
text: and ahhhs. We hear a knock on the back door. The girls walk
text: into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MONA
dialog: Shelley, it’s for you.
text: Marvin enters the room, still shirtless, carrying a suitcase.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Marvin, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: I’ve been hired as the Zeta House’s
dialog: new butler. Since you'll be taking
dialog: classes next semester, you'll need
dialog: someone to help out around here.
dialog: Oh, and Hef wanted me to let you
dialog: know that the Zetas have a lifetime
text: pass into the mansion.
text: The girls all react, psyched.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Marvin, I guess all I can say is...
dialog: welcome to my new family!
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: Ladies. I am at your disposal.
speaker_heading: SHELLEY
dialog: Disposal. Right. I think the
text: garbage disposal is broken. After
dialog: you fix that we’ll take some
text: mangoritas on the front porch.
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: Not a problem.
text: All the girls come in for a group hug as we fade.
scene_heading: MUSIC AND CREDITS
text: UNDER CREDITS we see a rockin’ ZETA HOUSEPARTY including
text: SHELLEY, OLIVER AND ALL THE RESIDENTS OF THE NURSING HOME
text: partying with the Zetas and other students.
dialog: 
