scene_heading: SCREENPLAY BY: ANTHONY MINGHELLA
scene_heading: EXT. THE SAHARA DESERT. LATE 1942
text: SILENCE. THE DESERT seen from the air. An ocean of dunes for
text: mile after mile. The late sun turns the sand every colour from
text: crimson to black and makes the dunes look like bodies pressed
dialog: against each other.
text: An old AEROPLANE is flying over the Sahara. Its shadow swims
text: over the contours of sand.
text: A woman's voice begins to sing - Szerelem, szerelem, she cries,
text: in a haunting lament for her loved one.
text: INSIDE the aeroplane are two figures. One, A WOMAN, seems to be
text: asleep. Her pale head rests against the side of the cockpit.
text: Behind her THE PILOT, a man, wears goggles and a leather
text: helmet. He is singing, too, but we can’t hear him or the plane
text: or anything save the singer’s plaintive voice.
text: The plane shudders over a ridge. Beneath it A SUDDEN CLUSTER OF
text: MEN AND MACHINES, camouflage nets draped over the sprawl of
text: gasoline tanks and armoured vehicles. An OFFICER, GERMAN,
text: focusses his field glasses. The glasses pick out the MARKINGS
text: on the plane. They are in English. An ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUN swivels
dialog: furiously.
text: Shocking bursts of GUNFIRE. Explosions rock the plane, which
text: lurches violently. The fuel tank is punctured. It sprays out
text: gasoline, then erupts in flame engulfing both figures in a
text: fireball.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN. ITALY 1944. BEFORE DAWN
text: AN ALLIED HOSPITAL TRAIN ploughs through the night carrying
text: MILITARY WOUNDED back to Naples.
text: A young French-Canadian nurse, Hana, walks through a long
text: carriage past rows of the injured. She stops at the bunk of A
text: WOUNDED SOLDIER. Hana bends to the boy. He’s had shrapnel in
text: his legs and cheek. She speaks softly to him.
speaker_heading: BANA
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Your leg will be fine. A lot
dialog: of shrapnel came out - I saved
dialog: you the pieces.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: You‘re the prettiest girl
dialog: I've ever seen.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (she hears this every
dialog: day)
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Would you kiss me?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: No, I‘1l get you some tea.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (innocent)
dialog: It would mean such a lot to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: {tender, believing
dialog: him)
dialog: Would it?
text: She kisses him, very softly, on the lips.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Thank you.
text: He closes his eyes. Hana smiles, continues along the
text: compartment. TEASING VOICES CALL OUT after her.
speaker_heading: #1 INJURED MAN
dialog: Nurse - I can‘t sleep.
scene_heading: #2 INJURED MAN
dialog: Would you kiss me?
scene_heading: #3 INJURED MAN
dialog: You’re so pretty!
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (good-naturedly waving
dialog: away their joke)
dialog: Very funny. Go to sleep now.
text: She opens the door of the next carriage and walks straight into
text: the carnage left by an emergency operation. MARY, another
text: nurse, is removing a blood-soaked bundle from the operating
text: table. Mary grimaces.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Don’t ask.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DAY
text: THE PILOT HAS BEEN RESCUED BY BEDOUIN TRIBESMEN. Behind them
text: the wreckage of the plane, still smoking, the Arabs picking
text: over it. A SILVER THIMBLE glints in the sun, is retrieved.
text: Another man comes across A LARGE LEATHER-BOUND BOOK and takes
text: it over to where the Pilot is being tended to. The Book is full
text: of letters and cards and paintings. They’re scattering
text: everywhere. The Pilot is terribly burned, barely alive, his
text: face charred. One of the Bedouins covers his face with a
text: makeshift mask made from plaited palm leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DUSK
text: The Pilot is being carried across the desert. The mask covers
text: his face. His view of the world is through the slats of palm. He
text: glimpses camels, fierce low sun, the men who carry him.
scene_heading: EXT. EMERGENCY FIELD HOSPITAL, 1944. LATE DAY
text: The EMERGENCY FIELD HOSPITAL is a cluster of tents practically
text: ahead of the Front Line. SPORADIC GUNFIRE, increasingly near,
text: sounds throughout. It’s 1944 and the war in Italy is still
dialog: intense.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TRIAGE TENT. EMERGENCY FIELD HOSPITAL. NIGHT
text: Hana and her best friend, JAN, walk through the main TRIAGE
text: TENT. It’s packed with the ruined bodies of the injured,
text: swaddied in bloody bandages.
scene_heading: INT. TRIAGE TENT, EMERGENCY FIELD HOSPITAL. EVENING
text: HANA IS GIVING BLOOD. She lies in a cot, next to JAN. The
text: shelling sounds closer.
text: Behind a curtain, OLIVER, a Doctor, is working on the most
text: recent patient, a young CANADIAN SOLDIER who is critically ill
text: - the tubes hanging above him, of plasma and of blood, his
text: stomach a bloody mess. The curtain drawn around him is pulled
text: back to reveal the two nurses in background. The Soldier can
dialog: just see them. He’s going to die any minute.
speaker_heading: CANADIAN SOLDIER
dialog: (whispering to Oliver)
dialog: Is there anybody from Picton?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Picton? I don’t know.
speaker_heading: CANADIAN SOLDIER
dialog: I'd like to see somebody from
dialog: home before I go.
text: Hana can only really hear Oliver’s end of this conversation,
text: but the mention of Picton chills her, and she knows, now, not
text: later, that her lover is dead.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: Why Picton?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: He's from there - edge of Lake
dialog: Ontario, right, Soldier?
text: The boy nods.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (innocent)
dialog: Hey, that’s where your
dialog: sweetie’s from? Somewhere
dialog: near there, isn't it?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: Ask him what company he’s
dialog: with?
text: Oliver leans over, then turns to Hana.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Third Canadian Fusiliers.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Does he know a Captain
dialog: McGann?
text: The boy hears this, whispers to Oliver.
speaker_heading: CANADIAN SOLDIER
dialog: He bought it. Yesterday. Shot
dialog: to bits.
text: The shells are getting closer.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (can't look at her)
dialog: Doesn't know him.
text: A SHELL suddenly lands on top of the site, perhaps fifty yards
text: from the tent. THE LIGHTS GO OUT. Then ANOTHER lands.
text: Everybody is on the floor, struggling to get on a helmet.
text: Hana lies down, the blood still leaving her, her helmet on.
text: Oliver is next to her in the mud. Her heart is breaking.
speaker_heading: HANA
text: He’s gone, he’s gone, he's
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No. He’s = no.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Oh God. Oh God.
text: The shells pound them, incredibly loud, drowning out her grief,
text: but each explosion illuminates it for a moment.
scene_heading: EXT. AN OASIS. NIGHT.
text: The SOUND OF GLASS, of tiny chimes. A music of glass.
text: AN ARAB HEAD floats in darkness, shimmering from the light of a
text: fire. The image develops to reveal a man carrying a large
text: wooden yoke from which hang DOZENS OF SMALL GLASS BOTTLES, on
text: different lengths of string and wire. He could be an angel.
text: The man approaches the litter which carries The Pilot. He’s
text: still in the protective palm mask, wrapped in blankets. The
text: MERCHANT DOCTOR stands over the burned body and sinks sticks
text: either side of him deep into the sand, then moves away, free of
text: the yoke, which balances in the support of the two crutches.
text: Then he slowly sets about peeling away the layers of oiled
text: cloth which protect the Pilot’s flesh.
text: The Merchant Doctor crouches in front of the curtain of
text: bottles, then leans back to pluck, hardly looking, certain
text: bottles which he uncorks and mixes. He uses this green-black
text: paste to anoint the burned skin. All the while he is humming
text: and chanting. The bottles continue to jingle.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH FRONT, ITALY. LATE 1944. DAY
text: Wounded Soldiers walk with nurses along the beach
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH CABINS, ITALY. LATE 1944. DAY
text: THIS CONVALESCENCE HOSPITAL HAS BEEN FASHIONED FROM A LONG ROW
text: OF BATHING CABINS ON THE COAST, complete with Campari Umbrellas
text: and metal tables, at which are seated the bandaged and the
text: dying and the comatose, staring out to sea or in slow, muted
text: conversation. A BRITISH OFFICER makes notes. He is talking to a
text: wounded PATIENT, whom we recognize as the burned Pilot.
speaker_heading: OFFICER (0/S)
dialog: Name? Rank? Serial number?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT (0/S)
dialog: No. Sorry. I think I was a
dialog: pilot. I was found near the
text: wreckage of a plane at the
dialog: beginning of the war.
text: Hana walks up to The Patient's cabin. He is propped up with a
text: view of the sea, which is interrupted by the British Officer.
text: Hana has a blanket and a chart for The Patient‘s bed. She
text: busies herself.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Can you remember where you
dialog: were born?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Am I being interrogated? You
dialog: should be trying to trick me.
dialog: Or make me speak German,
dialog: which I can, by the way.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Why? Are you German?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: How do you know you’re not
dialog: German if you don’t remember
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Might I have a sip of water?
text: Hana pours hima glass of water. He notices her.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (he sips)
dialog: I remember lots of things. I
text: remember a garden, plunging
dialog: down to the sea - nothing
dialog: between you and France.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: This was your garden?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Or my wife's.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Then you were married?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I think so. Although I
dialog: believe that to be true of a
dialog: number of Germans. Look -
dialog: (makes a small gap
dialog: with his fingers)
dialog: I have this much lung...the
dialog: rest of my organs are packing
dialog: up - what could it possibly
dialog: matter if I were Tutankhamen?
dialog: I’m a bit of toast, my friend
dialog: - butter me and slip a poached
text: egg on top.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN HILL ROAD. DAY
text: A CONVOY OF TWENTY TRUCKS - Red Cross vehicles and some supply
text: vehicles - snakes along a bumpy hill road. The war in Italy is
text: largely over and the Allies are moving up the country, the
text: wounded and supply lines slowly following.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN HILL ROAD. DAY
text: A JEEP pulls out of the line and approaches the Red Cross truck
text: containing Hana and The Patient. The horn blows and Hana looks
text: out to see it contains her friend JAN. TWO YOUNG SOLDIERS sit
text: up front, one driving, both grinning. Jan signals for Hana’s
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Hana! Hana! Hana! There’s
dialog: meant to be lace in the next
dialog: village - the boys are going
dialog: to take me.
dialog: (mischievously)
dialog: You don’t have any money, do
dialog: you? Just in case there’s
dialog: silk.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Hana, I know you do. Come on.
dialog: Oh, come on.
dialog: (to the soldiers)
dialog: She's a softy, she loves me.
text: Hana leans under the tarpaulin, holding some DOLLARS. The two
text: hands - hers and Jan’s - reach for each other as the vehicles
text: bump along side by side. They laugh at the effort. Jan‘s GOLD
text: BRACELET catches the sun and glints.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (getting the money)
dialog: I love you.
text: The Jeep accelerates away. Hana sighs to the Patient.
text: Suddenly AN EXPLOSION shatters the calm as the jeep runs over a
text: MINE. The jeep is THROWN into the air. The convoy halts and
text: there's chaos as soldiers run back pulling people out of the
text: vehicles. Hana runs the other way, toward the accident, until
text: she is prevented from reaching Jan’s mangled body by the
text: consoling arms of Oliver.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN HILL ROAD. LATER
text: - and there’s still chaos as two SAPPERS (Bomb Disposal Squad)
text: work on the road ahead. One of them, a SIKH, wears a turban.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN HILL ROAD. DAY
text: KIP, the Sikh lieutenant, and HARDY, his sergeant, explore the
text: road ahead of the becalmed convoy, using saucer-like METAL
text: DETECTORS and HEADSETS. Kip is young, lithe, contained, utterly
text: focused as they inch along the debris-strewn road. He stiffens
text: as he registers metal. With a bayonet he carefully scrapes at
text: the mud-caked surface. Something GLEAMS. Suddenly, A PAIR OF
text: FEET walk across his vision as HANA HURRIES PAST, walking
text: carelessly up the road. It’s so surreal that neither man
text: registers at first, and then Kip is shouting.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hey! Hey! Stop! Hey!
text: Now Hardy is shouting for her to stop. Hana looks around.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: Don’t move, Stand ABSOLUTELY
speaker_heading: STILL!
text: Hana stops. Hardy gingerly follows her footsteps.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: (as he approaches)
dialog: Good, that’s good, just stay
dialog: still for me and then we'll be
dialog: fine.
text: He arrives at Hana. Then grabs her. He'd like to slap her face.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: What are you doing? What the
dialog: bloody heli do you think
dialog: you’re doing?
text: By way of answer she looks at the ground ahead of her feet.
text: Jan’s BRACELET lies in the mud. Hardy bends down and collects
text: the mangled bracelet, presses it into Hana’s hands.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE. DUSK
text: The CONVOY is threading through A RUINED VILLAGE, passing the
text: souvenirs of war: an overturned vehicle now used as a game by
text: some children, dejected refugees tramping along the side of the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: INT. RED CROSS TRUCK. CONTINUOUS
text: Hana sees all this as she sits blankly inside the truck, the
text: Patient swaying alongside her. She puts out her hand to steady
text: him. Tears streak her face.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVOY SITE, ITALY. DUSK
text: THE CONVOY is making a PIT STOP. The trucks are silhouetted in
text: a line. Hana helps lift The Patient’s stretcher onto the
text: ground. She bends to him. Hana gets up to prepare a MORPHINE
text: INJECTION from a small kit. Mary arrives. Touches Hana gently,
text: conscious of her grief for Jan‘s death.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Are you okay? Oh god, Hana,
dialog: you and Jan were inseparable.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (sighs angrily)
dialog: We keep moving him - in and
dialog: out of the truck. Why? He’s
dialog: dying. What's the point?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (thrown )
dialog: Do you mean leave him? We
dialog: can’t. We can hardly leave
dialog: him.
text: Hana has settled down beside The Patient's stretcher. She draws
text: herself up against the night. On the hill above, she can see
text: the outline of A SMALL MONASTERY in the moonlight. She's
text: suffering, her face a frozen mask.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I must be a curse - anybody
dialog: who loves me, anybody who
dialog: gets close to me - or I must
dialog: be cursed. Which is it?
text: The Patient laces her fingers into his crabbed hand.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY. DAY
text: Hana is investigating the MONASTERY OF S. ANNA, wandering
text: through its overgrown gardens, past a pond. What sanctuary it
dialog: seems to offer.
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY LIBRARY. DAY
text: Hana explores via a gaping hole in a LIBRARY where the walls
text: have collapsed from sheliing. The garden intrudes, ivy curls
text: around the shelves. Bloated books lie abandoned, and there's a
text: PIANO tilted up on one side. Hana presses the keys through the
text: filthy tarpaulin which covers it. Everywhere there are signs of
text: a brief German occupation.
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY CLOISTERS. DAY
text: Past the Library is a CLOISTERS, drenched with silver light.
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY STAIRS. DAY
text: Hana goes upstairs, negotiating a huge VOID in the stone treads
text: two thirds of the way up.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. DAY
text: She comes across a small CHAPEL with the remains of murals and
text: an altar pressed into service by the Germans as a table. Hana
text: finds an old bed and a mattress.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVOY SITE, ITALY. DAY
text: The Convoy is in the final stages of loading up. Oliver passes
text: the vehicles, deep in dispute with a determined Hana, who is
text: carrying some sacks of rice.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: When he dies I'1l catch up.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It's not safe here. The whole
dialog: country's crawling with
dialog: Bandits and Germans and God
dialog: knows what.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: The war's over - you told me
dialog: yourself. How can it be
dialog: desertion?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It's not over everywhere. I
dialog: didn’t mean literally. This
dialog: is normal - it’s shock. For
dialog: all of us. Hana -
text: Oliver hovers as Hana adds the rice to a small cache of
text: provisions then lays another blanket over The Patient.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I need morphine. A lot. And a
dialog: pistol.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: If anything happened to you
dialog: I’d never forgive myself.
text: Hana nods. A tiny smile. Oliver shrugs heiplessly.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: We‘re heading for Leghorn.
dialog: Livorno the Italians call it.
dialog: We'll expect you. —
dialog: 10
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY.
text: TWO SOLDIERS are helping Mary and Hana carry The Patient into
text: what was the chapel. They lower The Patient onto the rusted
text: bed. Hana turns to the SOLDIERS.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Thank you.
text: She shuts the door on them, leaving Mary staring aghast at the
text: room, its faded frescoes, its mold, its starkness.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Good.
text: She goes to Mary and hugs her.
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY, HANA‘S ROOM. DAY
text: A smaller upstairs room, completely bare. As Hana tugs off her
text: uniform, she looks out of the window to see the departing
text: Convoy. A cotton dress goes on over her head and she emerges
text: looking suddenly younger and rather fragile. Through the
text: damaged floor of her room she has a view of the patient below
text: her. She looks at him. Now she has scissors and starts to cut
text: off her hair, not aggressively, but in a gesture of a new
dialog: beginning.
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY STAIRS. MORNING
text: Hana is dropping armfuls of books into the cavities of the
text: damaged stairs while, with others, she is improvising new
text: steps. The heavy volumes are perfect for treading on.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY
text: Hana enters.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: What was all the banging?
dialog: Were you fighting rats or the
dialog: entire German army?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I was repairing the stairs. I
dialog: found a library and the books
dialog: were very useful.
text: Hana shrugs. She’s attending to him, pulling back the sheets,
text: plumping up the pillows. He’s short of breath.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Before you find too many uses
dialog: for these books would you
dialog: read some to me?
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I think they’re all in
dialog: Italian, but I’11 look, yes.
dialog: What about your own book?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: {reluctant)
dialog: My book? The Herodotus? Yes,
dialog: we can read him.
text: Hana picks up the book from the altar and hands it to him. Then
text: she starts rummaging in her pockets.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Oh - I‘ve found plums. We have
dialog: plums in the orchard. We have
dialog: an orchard!
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Herodotus is the father of
dialog: history, do you know that?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I don't know anything.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Thank you.
text: She has peeled a plum and now slips it into his mouth. His mouth
text: works with the pleasure of the taste, a little juice escaping
text: from his lips. Hana mops it up.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: It’s a very plum plum.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY GARDENS. DAY
text: Hana sits in the water trough shivering as the cold water
text: splashes her.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. DAY
text: Close on the HERODOTUS. The Patient opens its cover, held
scene_heading: together by leather ties. Loose PAPERS, PHOTOGRAPHS, HAND-DRAWN
text: MAPS AND SKETCHES are all collected between the charred pages.
text: He claws at some papers, inspects a letter. Then he loses
text: control of the papers and the whole parcel SPILLS to the floor
text: with a crack.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP AT POTTERY HILL. DUSK
text: Count Laszlo de Almasy, Hungarian explorer, squats with an
text: ancient Arab who draws in the sand, talking in some arcane
text: dialect, scratching out a map. The old man stops speaking and
text: scours the sky a beat or two before we or Almasy hear the faint
text: noise of a PLANE. It’s a bright yellow Steerman coming in to
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: land. Almasy doesn't look up. The Arab continues to talk. The
text: plane sweeps past the cluster of tents and camels and trucks
dialog: which constitutes the Base Camp for a team of international
text: explorers, led by Almasy and his colleague, Peter Madox.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP AT POTTERY HILL. DAY
text: The expedition team drives over to meet the arrivals. Almasy
text: stays in the car as the others pile out and approach the plane
text: as it taxis alongside an old, battered silver Tiger Moth.
text: A young couple emerge from the Steerman. They are GEOFFREY AND
scene_heading: KATHARINE CLIFTON.
text: And it’s immediately clear that Katharine is the woman in the
text: plane crash at the beginning of the film.
text: Madox makes all the introductions, introducing the rest of the
text: team - an Italian, D’Agostino; a German, Bermann; and an
text: Egyptian, FOUAD. Hands are shaken, hellos all round, as the
text: couple disembark in their leather flying gear.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP AT POTTERY HILL. LATE DAY
text: The party is in the shade of the tents. Geoffrey Clifton
text: produces a bottle of CHAMPAGNE and sets off the cork with a
text: flourish. Almasy joins the group. Madox nods over to the
dialog: Clifton plane.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: fo the International Sand
dialog: Club.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: Marvellous plane. Did you
dialog: look?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: (beaming at Almasy)
dialog: Isn't it? Wedding present
dialog: from Katharine's parents.
dialog: We're calling it Rupert Bear.
dialog: Hello. Geoffrey Clifton.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: We can finally consign my old
text: bird to the scrap heap.
text: Almasy smiles and walks on towards the others.
speaker_heading: D‘ AGOSTINO
dialog: Mrs. Clifton - Count Almasy.
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (smiling, offering
dialog: her hand)
dialog: Hello. Geoffrey gave me your
dialog: monograph when I was reading
text: up on the desert. Very
dialog: impressive.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (stiff)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I wanted to meet a man who
dialog: could write such a long paper
dialog: with so few adjectives.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: A thing is still a thing no
dialog: matter what you place in
text: front of it. Big car, slow
text: car, chauffeur-driven car,
text: still a car.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: (joining them and
dialog: joining in)
dialog: A broken car?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
text: Still a car.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: (hands them champagne)
dialog: Not much use, though.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Love? Romantic love, platonic
dialog: love, filial love -? Quite
dialog: different things, surely?
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: (hugging Katharine)
dialog: Uxoriousness - that’s my
dialog: favourite kind of love.
dialog: Excessive love of one’s wife.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (a dry smile)
dialog: Now there you have me.
dialog: 14
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP. MORNING
text: Almasy and Madox head for Madox’s Tiger Moth. They turn the
text: machine around like a toy, pointing it in the right direction
text: for take-off. During this Almasy complains and Madox mediates -
text: there’s a suspicion that this is a familiar dynamic.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: They‘re tourists.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: Absolute rot. They come
dialog: highly recommended from the
dialog: Royal Geographic. She's
dialog: charming and has read
dialog: everything, he's meant to be
dialog: a ruddy good pilot.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: We don‘t need another pilot.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: He can make aerial maps of the
dialog: entire area.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: You can't explore from the
dialog: air, Madox. If you could
dialog: explore from the air life
dialog: would be very simple.
dialog: (he primes the
dialog: propellor)
dialog: Contact.
text: Madox slips on his goggles and turns on the engine.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: Contact.
text: Almasy spins the propellor. It flashes into life.
scene_heading: EXT. GILF KEBIR PLATEAU. MORNING.
text: Both planes are scouting the Gilf Kebir region. Geoffrey flies
text: up alongside Madox and wiggles his wings. Madox waves. They’re
text: flying over a distinctive group of GRANITE MASSIFS, Crater-
text: shaped hills. The broken towers of the Gilf Kebir. Almasy is
text: distracted by them. He turns to Madox and points down,
dialog: indicating they should explore them.
text: Madox nods and brings the plane lower and they fly into the
text: mouth of one of the huge craters. The Cliftons’ plane follows
text: them into the black ravines, pitted with signs of scrub.
dialog: 15
text: Almasy gestures to the Cliftons to PHOTOGRAPH the Massifs. A
text: THUMBS UP from Geoffrey, who pulls out his camera and begins
dialog: shooting.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. MORNING.
text: Hana changes The Patient’s bed. The light streams in from the
text: open window. She looks up at the green hills rolling away from
text: the Monastery, the village in the distance.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I should try and move the bed.
dialog: I want you to be able to see
dialog: the view. It's good, it’s a
text: view from a monastery.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I can already see.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (bending down to his
dialog: level)
dialog: How? How can you see
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: No, not the window - I can’t
dialog: bear the light anyway - no, I
dialog: can see all the way to the
dialog: desert. Before the war.
dialog: Making maps.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I'm turning you.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Is there sand in my eyes. Are
dialog: you cleaning sand from my
dialog: ears?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: No sand, that’s your morphine
dialog: speaking.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I can see my wife in that
dialog: view.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Are you remembering more?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Could I have a cigarette?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Are you crazy?
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Why are you so determined to
dialog: keep me alive?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Because I’m a nurse.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY CLOISTERS. NIGHT
text: It’s dark. Hana is caught by the stray shafts of moonlight. She
text: is SCRATCHING on the flagstones. Her skirt is bunched up around
text: her thighs. She throws something in the air. It lands with a
text: erack. Suddenly she is flying across the space, a hop, a skip,
text: a jump. Then turns at the other end, dips for the stone, then
text: back again, in this blindman‘’s version of HOPSCOTCH.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Alone in his room The Patient listens to the erratic rhythm of
text: Hana's hopscotch. It takes him back to the desert and the sound
text: of Bedouin drums on a night shortly after the arrival of the
dialog: Cliftons.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP. NIGHT
text: The group sits around the campfire at night, supper over,
text: champagne drunk. They're using the empty bottle to play a game
dialog: ~ Spin the Bottle. When the bottle points at you, you're
text: required to perform a party piece. Clifton sings a version of
dialog: ‘Yes, We Have No Bananas,’ then is required to translate it
text: into a variety of languages - the others joining in raucously.
text: D'Agostino offers a Puccini aria; Fouad dances, his shawi
text: whirling, the Bedouin onlookers providing a percussive,
text: improvised accompaniment.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Later, and Hana is reading to The Patient from a story in his
text: Herodotus. As she reads, he listens, eyes closed, still in the
dialog: desert.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: ..-the King insisted he would
dialog: find some way to prove beyond
dialog: dispute that his wife was
dialog: fairest of all women. ‘I will
dialog: hide you in the room where we
dialog: sleep’, says Candaules -
dialog: (correcting herself)
dialog: - said Candaules.
text: She stumbles over the word. The Patient corrects her.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Candaules.
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Candaules.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP AT POTTERY HILL. NIGHT
text: Katharine has her turn at the fire. She is telling the same
text: story. The Patient remembers her.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Canduales tells Gyges that
dialog: the queen has the same
dialog: practice every night. She
text: takes off her clothes and
text: puts them on the chair by the
text: door to her room...
speaker_heading: HANA (0/S)
dialog: (continuing to read)
dialog: ...and from where you stand
dialog: you will be able to gaze on
dialog: her at your leisure...
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (her story continuing)
dialog: And that evening it’s exactly
dialog: as the King has told him. She
text: goes to the chair and removes
dialog: her clothes one by one until
text: she’s standing naked in full
dialog: view of Gyges, and indeed she
dialog: was more lovely than he could
dialog: have imagined. But then the
text: Queen looked up and saw Gyges
text: concealed in the shadows, and
dialog: although she said nothing,
dialog: she shuddered. And the next
dialog: day she sent for Gyges and
dialog: challenged him. And hearing
dialog: his story, this is what she
dialog: said -
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: (clowning)
dialog: Off with his head!
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: - she said, “Either you must
dialog: submit to death for gazing on
dialog: that which you should not, or
dialog: else kill my husband who
dialog: shamed me and become King in
dialog: his place.”
text: Clifton makes a face of outrage. For Katharine the story has
text: suddenly collapsed. She feels Almasy’s eyes on her.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: So Gyges kills the King and
text: marries the Queen and becomes
dialog: ruler of Lydia for twenty-
dialog: eight years.
dialog: (an uncomfortable
dialog: moment }
dialog: Shall I spin the bottle?
text: The others laugh. Madox beams at Clifton.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: So Geoffrey ~ let that be a
dialog: lesson to you.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Hana looks up from the Herodotus, sees The Patient's eyes
text: closed. She gently touches his face and whispers.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Are you asleep?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: (he isn’t)
text: Yes. No. Dropping off.
text: And Hana closes the book, gets up, kisses him good night, and
text: blows out the lamp.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY, HANA’S GARDEN. LATE DAY
text: Hana has been reviving a vegetable patch. She comes out to
text: garden. CROWS are feasting. She’s furious, shouts, runs at
text: them. Nature, wildness, insisting on invading her peace.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY, GRAVEYARD. MORNING
text: Hana appears from the cemetery, dragging A METAL CRUCIFIX. It’s
text: bigger than she is, and she drags it along towards her garden.
text: A MAN WATCHES HER FROM A BICYCLE, He's approaching fifty,
text: grizzled and attractive, and could be Italian. He wears a pair
text: of grubby mittens. The man, CARAVAGGIO, chooses this moment to
text: introduce himself. He drops the bicycle on the ground with a
text: clatter.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: {very cheerful)
dialog: Buon Giorno!
text: Hana turns, startled and suspicious.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Hana?
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I met your friend Mary. She
dialog: said I should stop and see if
dialog: you were all right.
dialog: Apparently, we're neighbours
dialog: - my house is two blocks from
dialog: yours in Montreal. Cabot,
text: north of Laurier. Bonjour.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (unravelling this
dialog: information}
dialog: Bonjour.
text: He goes to her and hands her an egg, producing it from a pocket.
text: He beams, as does Hana.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I‘d like to take credit for
dialog: it, but it’s from Mary. My
dialog: name’s David Caravaggio, but
dialog: nobody ever called me David.
dialog: Caravaggio - they find too
dialog: absurd to miss out on.
text: During this he attempts to conjure a second egg from Hana‘s
text: ear. THE EGG DROPS TO THE GROUND. Cursing, he gets on his knees
text: and starts to scoop it up, preserving it. There appears to be
text: something wrong with his hands. He grimaces at Hana.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: My stupid hands!
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY KITCHEN. DAY
text: Hana has taken his eggs and put them into a bowl. She beats them
text: with a knife, picking out the bits of shell. Caravaggio watches,
text: takes in how little food there is otherwise. The table seems
text: useful more as a sewing area than for cooking - it’s strewn with
text: altar cloths being sewn into drapes. On a tray on the table are
text: TWO VIALS OF MORPHINE from The Patient’s room. As Hana turns to
text: the stove, Caravaggio’s moved and covered them with his gloved
text: hands a second later and he’s juggled them into his pocket.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: (of the eggs)
dialog: They're fresh. I haven’t had
dialog: an egg in...have you noticed
dialog: there are chickens? In Italy
dialog: you get chickens but no eggs.
dialog: In Africa there were always
dialog: eggs, but never chickens. Who
dialog: separated them?
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: You were in Africa?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Yes I was.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: So was my Patient.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Look, I’d like to stay for a
dialog: while. I have to do some work
dialog: here - I speak the language.
dialog: There are Partisans to be
dialog: disarmed -
dialog: (trying to paraphrase)
dialog: - we embrace them and see if
dialog: we can relieve them of their
dialog: weapons, you know - while we
dialog: hug. I was a thief, so the
dialog: Army thought I'd be good at
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: So you can shoot a pistol?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: (showing his hands)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Do you have a problem with
dialog: those?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I should iook at them before
dialog: you go.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Look, it’s a big place. We
dialog: needn't disturb each other.
dialog: I’1l sleep in the stabie. It
dialog: doesn't matter where I sleep.
dialog: I don‘t sleep.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I don’t know what Mary told
dialog: you about me, but I don’t need
dialog: company, I don’t need to be
dialog: iooked after.
dialog: 21
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY
text: Hana carries in a tray. There's OMELETTE on the plate.
speaker_heading: HANA
text: There's a man downstairs. He
dialog: brought us eggs. He might
dialog: stay.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Why? Can he lay eggs?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: He’s Canadian.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: (brittle)
dialog: Why are people always so
text: happy when they collide with
dialog: someone from the same place?
dialog: What happened in Montreal
dialog: when you passed a man in the
dialog: street - did you invite him to
dialog: live with you?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: He needn‘t disturb you.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Me? He can't. I’m already
dialog: disturbed.
speaker_heading: HANA
text: (she cuts the omelette
dialog: into tiny pieces)
dialog: There's a war. Where you come
dialog: from becomes important.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Why? I hate that idea.
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY STAIRS. DAY
text: Caravaggio is in shadows in the hallway. He listens.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY
text: Hana, having already replaced the bed linen, is standing on a
text: stepladder trying to hang homemade drapes around the bed as
text: Caravaggio knocks tentatively, then comes in.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Can I help?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: It’s finished.
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: So you’re our Canadian
dialog: pickpocket?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Thief, I think, is more
dialog: accurate.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I understand you were in
dialog: Africa. Whereabouts?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Oh, all over.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: All over? I kept trying to
dialog: cover a very modest portion
dialog: and still failed.
dialog: {to Hana, who is
dialog: heading out)
dialog: Are you leaving us?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Now’s our opportunity to swap
dialog: war wounds.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Then I'm definitely going.
text: And she exits. The men consider her.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Does she have war wounds?
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY, HANA‘S ROOM. DAY
text: As Hana walks up her stairs she finds herself overhearing their
text: conversation as it threads up through the hole in the ceiling.
text: She strips her own bed of the curtain she uses for a sheet.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I think anybody she ever
text: loves tends to die on her.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Are you planning to be the
dialog: exception?
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Me? I think you’ve got the
dialog: wrong end of the stick, old
dialog: boy.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: So, Caravaggio ~ Hana thinks
dialog: you invented your name.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: And you’ve forgotten yours.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I said that no one would ever
dialog: invent such a preposterous
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I said you can forget
dialog: everything but you never
dialog: forget your name. Count
dialog: Almasy - that name mean
dialog: anything to you? Or Katharine
dialog: Clifton?
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO MARKET. DAY
text: A STREET MARKET in full sway, a locals-only affair, blazing
text: with noise and bustle and barter. Emerging from a thicket of
text: women and begging children, KATHARINE CLIFTON carries her
text: purchase of an exotic-looking Carpet. From nowhere she is
text: joined by ALMASY, who nods at the carpet.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: How much did you pay?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Oh, Hello!
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: They don‘t see foreign women
dialog: in this market. How much did
dialog: you pay?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Seven, eight pounds, I
dialog: suppose.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Which stall?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Why?
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: You've been cheated, don’t
dialog: worry, we'll take it back.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (bristling)
dialog: I don’t want to take it back.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: This is not worth eight
dialog: pounds, Mrs. Clifton.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: It is to me.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Did you bargain?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I don't care to bargain.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: That insults them.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (turning to face him)
dialog: I don't believe that. I think
dialog: you are insulted by me,
dialog: somehow.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (of the carpet)
dialog: I'd be very happy to obtain
dialog: the correct price for this. I
dialog: apologize if I appear abrupt.
dialog: I am rusty at social graces.
dialog: (tart)
dialog: How do you find Cairo? Did you
dialog: visit the Pyramids?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Or the Sphinx?
text: He stands as she continues, pushing past him, boiling.
scene_heading: INT. SHEPHEARD'S HOTEL, CAIRO. EVENING
text: THE LONG BAR. The Exploration Team drinking at a table. They
text: are not entirely off-duty - Almasy and Madox, as ever, ponder
dialog: the maps.
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: By car? Impossible. If we try
dialog: and drive north of Kufra by
dialog: car, we’ll leave our bones in
dialog: the desert.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Disagree.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: You’re Hungarian, you always
dialog: disagree.
text: Geoffrey Clifton appears.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Good evening, Gentlemen!
text: He sits down. Madox hails the waiter.
speaker_heading: D‘AGOSTINO
dialog: How is your charming wife?
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
text: Marvellous. She’s in love
text: with the hotel plumbing.
dialog: She's either in the swimming
dialog: pool - she swims for hours,
dialog: she’s a fish, quite
dialog: incredible ~ or she’s in the
dialog: bath. Actually, she’s just
dialog: outside.
dialog: (responding to their
dialog: bewildered
dialog: expressions)
text: Chaps Only in the Long Bar.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEPHEARD’S HOTEL TERRACE. NIGHT
text: The Explorers, embarrassed, march out onto the terrace.
text: Katharine sits, reading, exquisite in her evening clothes.
text: There is dancing inside, and couples walk to and from their
text: tables. Madox approaches to collect her. Katharine manages to
text: produce a dazzling smile which includes everyone except Almasy.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: Mrs. Clifton, you'll have to
dialog: forgive us. We’re not
dialog: accustomed to the company of
dialog: women.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Not at all. I was thoroughly
dialog: enjoying my book.
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
text: The team is in mourning,
dialog: darling.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Oh really?
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: I’m afraid we’re not having
dialog: much luck obtaining funds for
dialog: the expedition.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Oh. What will you do?
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: A more modest expedition, or
dialog: even wait a year. Remind our
dialog: families we still exist.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: Good heavens, are you
dialog: Married, Madox?
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: Very much so. We all are, save
dialog: my friend here.
text: He nods at Almasy. Clifton appears tremendously relieved.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: I feel much better, don’t you
dialog: darling? We were feeling
dialog: rather self-conscious. Let's
dialog: toast, then. To absent wives.
speaker_heading: D‘ AGOSTINO
dialog: (toasting Katharine)
dialog: And present ones.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (toasting Almasy)
dialog: And future ones.
scene_heading: INT. SHEPHEARD’S HOTEL. NIGHT
text: THE BALLROOM. A dance finishes. Almasy takes over from
text: D‘Agostino to partner Katharine. The others remain on the
text: terrace, deep in conversation.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (as they dance)
dialog: Why did you follow me
dialog: yesterday?
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What? I’m sorry?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: After the market, you
dialog: followed me to the hotel.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I was concerned. A woman in
dialog: that part of Cairo, a
dialog: European woman, I felt
dialog: obliged to.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: You felt obliged to.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: As the wife of one of our
dialog: party.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (direct)
dialog: So why follow me? Escort me,
dialog: by all means. But following
dialog: me is predatory, isn’t it?
text: Almasy, by way of answer, bears down on her. They dance,
text: fierce, oblivious to everything.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Hana has fallen asleep on the bed, almost on top of the
text: Patient. He touches her. He speaks as if each word burns him.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Could I ask you to move? I’m
dialog: sorry -
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (mortified, moving
dialog: quickly)
dialog: I'm sorry, of course. I was
text: dreaming. Awful.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: It’s just when you move -
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: How stupid of me.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I can’t really bear the
dialog: pressure.
text: Hana gets up, upset to have hurt him.
dialog: 28
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY KITCHEN. NIGHT
text: Hana comes to the table, carrying a jug of water and a bowl.
text: She’s still sad. She unbuttons her dress, pulling it off her
text: shoulder, begins to pour the water to cool herself against the
text: night's pressing heat. She’s overwhelmed by memories, by the
text: weight of her curse. Caravaggio comes into the kitchen to find
text: her slumped at the table, her back naked, the jug of water in
text: front of her. She's sobbing, her shoulders heaving. Caravaggio
text: approaches tentatively.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Hana?
dialog: (he touches her
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Hana? Are you all right?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (without raising her
dialog: head)
dialog: Don‘t touch me.
text: She pulls her dress up around her shoulders. Her face is red
text: with weeping. Caravaggio pours a glass of water and walks to
text: the open window.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: You’re in love with him,
dialog: aren’t you? Your poor
dialog: patient. Do you think he’s a
dialog: saint because of the way he
dialog: looks? I don’t think he is.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I'm not in love with him. I'm
text: in love with ghosts. So is he.
text: He’s in love with ghosts.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
text: (he holds up his
dialog: hands)
dialog: What if I told you he did this
dialog: to me?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (stung)
dialog: How could he have? When?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I'm one of his ghosts and he
dialog: wouldn’t even know it.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I don’t know what that means.
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Ask your saint who he is. Ask
dialog: him who he‘s killed.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Please don’t creep around
dialog: this house!
text: She leaves, slamming the door behind her. Caravaggio calls
dialog: after her.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I don’t think he's forgotten
dialog: anything. I think he wants to
dialog: forget.
scene_heading: INT. TENT, BASE CAMP AT POTTERY HILL. NIGHT
text: The group of expeditioners is around the fire. Clifton holds up
text: a glass.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Gentlemen, to Map-making!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Map-making!
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: And a special thank-you to
dialog: Geoffrey and Katharine,
dialog: without whose fund-raising
dialog: heroics we’d still be kicking
dialog: our heels.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
text: To arm-twisting.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: (to Almasy)
dialog: Did Katharine say? Geoffrey
dialog: has to fly back to Cairo.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Return the favour - take a few
text: photographs of the army.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What kind of photographs?
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Portraits. The Brigadier, the
dialog: Brigadier's wife, the
dialog: Brigadier’s dogs, the
dialog: Brigadier by the Pyramids,
dialog: the Brigadier breathing. I
dialog: shall of course be bereft,
dialog: but finally able to explore
dialog: the Cairo nightlife. I shall
dialog: produce an authoritative
dialog: guide to the Zinc Bars and - I
dialog: want to say Harems ~ are we in
dialog: the right country for Harems?
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP AT POTTERY HILL. MORNING
text: As Clifton prepares to leave in the Steerman, Almasy
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Clifton, safe journey.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: You too. Good luck!
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Clifton - it’s probably none
dialog: of my business - but your
dialog: wife, do you think it's
dialog: appropriate to leave her?
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Appropriate?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Well the desert is - for a
dialog: woman - it’s very tough, I
dialog: wonder if it’s not too much
dialog: for her.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Are you mad? Katharine loves
dialog: it here. She told me
dialog: yesterday.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: All the same, were I you, I
dialog: would be concerned -
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: I‘ve known Katharine since
dialog: she was three, we were
dialog: practically brother and
dialog: sister before we were man and
dialog: wife. I think I'd know what is
dialog: and what isn’t too much for
dialog: her. I think she'd know
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Very well.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: (laughing it off)
dialog: Why are you people so
dialog: threatened by a woman?!
text: Almasy watches him walk toward the plane, then turns to see
text: Katharine, a distant figure, watching. He doesn’t move. She
text: doesn’t move.
scene_heading: INT. MONASTERY LIBRARY. DAY
text: Hana stands at the PIANO. It’s still lop-sided, propped against
text: the wall. She tries but can’t move it. So she pulls off the dust
text: sheet and, with the instrument still on a tilt, begins to pick
text: out the Aria from Bach's Goldberg Variations.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY
text: HANA’S PIANO CONTINUES. Upstairs, Caravaggio chats with The
text: Patient while working his arm to RAISE A VEIN, a bootlace tied
text: around it, preparing an injection for himself, tapping the
dialog: syringe. During this:
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I have come to love that
text: little tap of the fingernail
text: against the syringe. Tap.
dialog: Tap. Tap.
scene_heading: INT. MONASTERY LIBRARY. DAY
text: Hana plays. A GUNSHOT punctuates the music. Her hands falter,
text: she looks up to see A SIKH SOLDIER running past the GAPING HOLE
text: IN THE WALL, his rifle held aloft. He approaches the french
text: doors, his face creased with anxiety, and raps on the shattered
text: frame. It’s KIP, the bomb disposal officer who had cleared the
text: road on which Jan's jeep had exploded.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Stop playing! Please, Stop
dialog: Playing!
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (of the doors)
dialog: I don’t have the key to that
dialog: door.
text: She watches him walk around from the locked doors and walk
text: straight through the hole in the wall, oblivious to any irony,
text: and up to the piano.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: The Germans were here. The
dialog: Germans were all over this
dialog: area. They left mines
dialog: everywhere. And pianos were
dialog: their favourite hiding
dialog: places.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I see. Sorry.
dialog: (then mischievous)
dialog: Then maybe you’re safe as
dialog: long as you only play Bach.
dialog: He's German.
text: Kip is looking around the piano. Hana giggles.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Is something funny?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: No, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I’ve met you before.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Look. See. See.
text: Hana bends to see what Kip’s looking at under the piano. Wires
text: run from the wall to the instrument onto which is taped an
text: EXPLOSIVE CHARGE. If Hana had succeeded in moving the piano she
text: would have triggered the charge. Kip looks at Hana, who
text: conceals her dismay with a shrug.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: (of the piano)
dialog: Move that, and no more Bach.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY GARDEN. DUSK
text: Across from the terrace, KIP and his sergeant, HARDY, are
text: putting up their tents. Caravaggio stands, chatting amiably to
text: them, holding a haversack, smoking a cigarette.
dialog: 33
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. DUSK
text: Hana looks down from The Patient's room, watching the tent go
text: up. Kip glances up at the window. Hana, suddenly shy, backs
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: He wants us to move out, says
dialog: there could be fifty more
text: mines in the building. He
dialog: thinks I’m mad because I
dialog: laughed at him. He’s Indian,
text: he wears a turban.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: No he’s Sikh. If he wears a
dialog: turban, he’s Sikh.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I‘11 probably marry him.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Really? That’s sudden.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: My mother always told me I
dialog: would summon my husband by
text: playing the piano.
text: She bathes The Patient.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I liked it better when there
dialog: were just the two of us.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: (irked)
dialog: Why? Is he staying?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: With his Sergeant. A
dialog: Mr. Hardy.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: We should charge! Doesn't
dialog: anyone have a job to do?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: They have to clear all the
dialog: roads of mines. That’s a big
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: In that case, I suppose we
dialog: can’t charge.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: No, we can't.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY, HANA’S GARDEN. DAY
text: HANA IS GARDENING, close to the crucifix, which is now a full-
text: fledged Scarecrow. Broken bottles, fragments of stained glass,
text: and shards from a mirror are hung from the crossbar, syringes
text: too, all jangling and tinkling and catching the sunlight.
text: Kip and Hardy drive off to work on their motorcycles. She
text: watches them, catching Kip’s careless wave to her. She looks
text: briefly at herself in A PIECE OF MIRROR dangling from the
dialog: Scarecrow.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. DAY
text: The Patient lies in bed singing to himself in Arabic.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP AT POTTERY HILL
text: The THREE FORD CARS leave the campsite, loaded for a scouting
text: expedition. The rest of the party, Bedouin, tents, camels, and
text: Tiger Moth - is left behind.
scene_heading: INT. CAR EN ROUTE TO CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DAY
text: Almasy drives the second car, accompanied by Katharine and Al
text: Auf, who sits on top of the cabin. Almasy sings as they drive.
text: Katharine breaks the long silence between them.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I’ve been thinking - how does
dialog: somebody like you decide to
dialog: come to the desert? What is
dialog: it? You’re doing whatever
dialog: you're doing - in your
dialog: castle, or wherever it is you
dialog: live - and one day you say I
dialog: have to go to the desert - or
dialog: what?
text: Almasy doesn’t answer. Katharine, who has looked at him for an
text: answer, looks away. There's another long silence.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I once travelled with a
dialog: guide, who was taking me to
dialog: Faya. He didn't speak for
text: nine hours. At the end of it
text: he pointed at the horizon and
dialog: said, “Faya!” That was a good
dialog: day.
text: Point made, they lapse again into silence. Katharine boils.
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Actually, you sing.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: You sing. All the time.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I do not.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Ask Al Auf.
text: In Arabic, Almasy asks Al Auf, who promptly laughs, nods and
text: sings a snatch of what he thinks is the tune to ‘The Darktown
text: Strutter’s Ball’. Katharine, delighted, joins in.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (sings wickedly)
dialog: I‘1l be down to get you in the
dialog: taxi, honey, you'd better be
dialog: ready about half-past
dialog: eight...
text: Al Auf nods and grins furiously, joins in, impersonating
text: Almasy. Almasy makes a face.
text: EXT, NEAR THE BASE CAMP AT THE CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DUSK
text: The group is investigating a cleft in the rocky massif. They
text: climb slowly. Below them, A NEW AND TEMPORARY BASE CAMP.
text: The group winds around the rock. Almasy turns to offer a hand
text: to Katharine behind him, pulling her up to the next rock slab.
text: The group stops at a level plateau. The Arabs stand apart and
text: SING THEIR PRAYERS AT DUSK. Al Auf leads the incantations.
speaker_heading: AL AUF
dialog: Allah Akbar, Allahu Akbar...
text: The Westerners wait respectfully. As the sun sets in glory,
text: Almasy looks over at the range of rocks. One particular range
text: seems to look exactly like A WOMAN’S BACK. He squints at the
text: rocks, then pulls out his Herodotus to compare his sketch map
text: with the terrain in front of him.
dialog: 36
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DUSK
text: Almasy clambers up the rocks, coming through a narrow crevice
text: to find A NATURAL SHELF. He scrambles up this path, reaching
text: up, only to notice that his hand almost perfectly covers A
text: CARVED HAND on the rock, and as he digests this he realizes he
text: has climbed past what is THE MOUTH OF A CAVE. He disappears
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. FLASHLIGHT
text: A FLASHLIGHT squirts into the cave. Almasy treads cautiously
text: along the narrow winding passage. He comes to an open cavern
text: and takes his flashlight up to a wall. Almasy is astonished by
text: what he sees.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR THE CAVE OF SWIMMERS. EVENING
text: The others watch as a flashlight bobs and jerks among the rocks
text: and Almasy comes scrambling down, transformed into an excited
dialog: teenager.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Madox! Madox! Madox, come
dialog: quickly! Bermann, D'Ag - I’ve
dialog: found something.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. FLASHLIGHT
text: PAINTINGS EMERGE, figures, animals. Ancient pictures. A
text: giraffe. Cattle. Fish. Men with bows and arrows. Almasy has led
text: the whole party into the heart of the cave. Now Madox comes
text: alongside him at the wall, his flashlight joining Almasy’s and
text: increasing the visibility of the paintings. A dark-skinned
text: figure, apparently in the process of DIVING into water, comes
text: clearly into view. Then others, supine, arms outstretched.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: (with audible
dialog: excitement)
dialog: My God, they’re swimming!
dialog: They're swimming!
text: The others crowd around. Five excited faces in the green gloom
dialog: of the cave.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DAY
text: Katharine is painting. She copies the cave paintings with
text: meticulous, almost scientific accuracy.
dialog: 37
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DAY
text: A hive of activity. The team has set up TRESTLES to catalogue
text: the finds as the Bedouin come out with baskets of detritus,
text: which they empty onto a growing heap as the Cave is cleared
text: out. Almasy clambers inside carrying camera equipment.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DAY
text: Inside, Bermann is setting up LAMPS, running wires from a car
text: BATTERY. Kamal is helping him. And as Almasy arrives he catches
text: a tiny moment of tenderness between them. Bermann, seeing him,
text: quickly disengages and busies himself with the lights.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DAY
text: The CARS are heading back to Base Camp. They bounce over the
dialog: sand.
scene_heading: INT. BERMANN’S CAR. DAY
text: Bermann is driving the lead CAR along some STEEP DUNES. Almasy
text: beside him. Bermann is peeling AN ORANGE, a segment of which he
text: holds out of the window. Kamal, riding shotgun, leans down and
text: collects it, his head dipping in to grin at Bermann. Bermann
text: looks uneasily at Almasy. He wants to tell him of his passion,
dialog: of his absolute love for Kamal, but he daren’t.
speaker_heading: BERMANN
dialog: How do you explain? To
dialog: someone who’s never been
dialog: here? Feelings which seem
dialog: guite normal.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (compassionate)
dialog: I don’t know, my friend. I
dialog: don’t know.
text: Bermann holds out another segment of the orange, and watches
text: Kamal bend into view, opening his mouth to be fed another
text: piece, then suddenly fall from the vehicle. THE CAR LURCHES
text: SIDEWAYS AND TOPPLES OVER THE EDGE. D’Ag - following, Fouad
text: beside him - brakes sharply, but can’t stop his own car from
text: being caught in the avalanche of sand, and IT PLUNGES DOWN THE
text: DUNE AND INTO BERMANN’S UPTURNED CAR WITH AN OMINOUS CRUNCH,
text: the radiator exploding. Only Madox, a little way behind, with
text: Katharine beside him, manages to stay clear of trouble. He
text: jumps out of the vehicle and slides down the dune to find
text: pandemonium as the passengers stumble out of the cars, sand
text: flying, smoke pouring from the upright vehicle, the wheels of
text: the overturned car spinning wildly in the air, a puddle of oil
text: spreading ominously.
dialog: 38
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DAY
text: LATER and the group have cleaned up as best as possible. D'Ag,
text: Bermann, and Fouad are a little worse for wear. Fouad’s arm is
text: in a sling, and D’Ag is sporting a bloody head bandage. Bermann
text: has broken a finger and is being attended to by Madox. The
text: luggage, water, and petrol have been stacked up and the men are
text: loading the remaining car.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DAY
text: Almasy, Kamal and two of the other young Bedouin stand around
text: the mess of the two broken vehicles. The ONE WORKING CAR is
text: loaded with men and provisions. Katharine sits inside, next to
text: Madox. Almasy comes over to her window, to speak past her to
dialog: Madox.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: I'll be back as quick as I
text: can. Thirty-six hours at the
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Try to get an additional
dialog: radiator. We can store it
dialog: between here and Pottery
dialog: Hill. And a better jack. We
dialog: planned badly.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: (nods at Almasy, then
text: shouts over to the
dialog: wrecked vehicles)
dialog: Bermann!
text: This is Bermann’s cue to take leave of Kamal, who is staying
text: behind. Kamal makes a little bow.
speaker_heading: KAMAL
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: May God make safety your
dialog: companion.
text: Bermann nods and hurries away, squeezing into the car, which
text: jolts off, bouncing over the track.
text: The vehicle gets about twenty yards, Almasy watching, before it
text: sinks forlornly into the soft sand. It’s hopelessly overloaded
text: with people. They all get out.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: (irascible)
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I‘1l stay behind, of course.
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: Certainly not.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: No, I insist. There clearly
dialog: isn’t room for all of us, I’m
dialog: the least able to dig, and I’m
dialog: not one of the walking
dialog: wounded. It’s only one night!
dialog: Besides, if I remain it’s the
dialog: most effective method of
dialog: persuading my husband to
dialog: abandon whatever he’s doing
dialog: and come and rescue us.
text: It's hard to argue with this logic. Almasy shrugs.
text: LATER - THE MADOX CAR makes a more effective departure. Almasy
text: watches it disappear then turns, uncomfortable, to see
text: Katharine walk down the steep face of the dune toward the
dialog: makeshift shelter.
scene_heading: INT. SHELTER. DAY
text: Almasy sits alone, writing into HIS HERODOTUS, a map folded in
text: front of him, from which he makes notes. Katharine comes across
text: with a clutch of her SKETCHES from the Cave wall. Hands them to
dialog: him. They’re beautiful.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I thought you might like to
dialog: paste them into your book.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Well, we took photographs,
dialog: there’s no need.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: No really, I’d like you to
dialog: have them.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (handing them back)
dialog: Well, there is really no
dialog: need. They're too good. This
dialog: is just a scrapbook. I should
dialog: feel obliged. Thank you.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: And that would be
dialog: unconscionable, I suppose,
dialog: wouldn't it, to feel any
dialog: obligation? Yes. Of course it
dialog: would.
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: She’s already turning, heading back up the slope, leaving the
text: perimeter of the shelter.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. NIGHT.
text: Katharine sits alone on top of the Dune, smoking, surveying the
text: landscape. Below her the camp - a fresh wind flicking at the
text: tarpaulin, The deep tracks of Madox’s car stretching off
text: towards civilization. Almasy heads up towards her.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: You should come into the
dialog: shelter.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I'm quite all right, thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Look over there.
text: Katharine turns, scans the horizon.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: What am I looking at?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Do you see what's happening
dialog: to them - the stars?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: They’re so untidy. I’m just
text: trying to rearrange them.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: No, no, over there. In a few
dialog: minutes there will be no
text: stars. The air is filling
dialog: with sand.
text: On the distant dunes an ominous, boiling cloud.
scene_heading: EXT. VEHICLES. NIGHT
text: . The team hurries around salvaging gasoline drums, water cans,
text: bringing anything loose or light inside the vehicles. The WIND
text: is whipping up. the air busy with sand. Chaos as they struggle
text: in ever-worsening conditions, their heads wrapped in blankets,
text: flashlights useless. They seek safety in two groups, the
text: tribesmen to the cabin of the overturned car, Katharine and
text: Almasy to the upright one.
dialog: 41
scene_heading: INT. CAR. NIGHT
text: Inside the cabin, the sand swirling around them, Katharine and
text: Almasy sit without speaking. He pours a little water so that
text: they can wash out their eyes and noses and mouths. She takes
text: her silk scarf, wets it, presses it to her face.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: This is not very good, is it?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Shall we be all right?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Yes. Yes. Absolutely.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Yes is a comfort. Absolutely
dialog: is not.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. NIGHT
text: The sand is piling up against the two cars, the tent is swept
text: from its moorings, the water cans are hurled up, too, and then
text: plunge ominously into sand drifts as if going under an ocean.
speaker_heading: ALMASY (0/S)
dialog: ..-let me tell you about
text: winds. There is a whirlwind
dialog: from Southern Morocco, the
dialog: Aajej, against which the
dialog: fellahin defend themselves
dialog: with knives. And there is the
dialog: Ghibli from Tunis which rolls
text: and rolls and rolls and
dialog: produces a rather strange
dialog: nervous condition...
text: And we hear Katharine’s laugh.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. NIGHT
text: Almasy sits alongside Katharine, whose head is against his
text: shoulder. He continues his story of winds.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: -+.and then there is the
text: Harmatton, a red wind which
dialog: Mariners call the sea of
text: darkness. Red sand from this
dialog: wind has flown as far as the
dialog: south coast of England
dialog: apparently producing showers
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY (cont ‘d)
dialog: so dense they were mistaken
dialog: for blood...
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Fiction. We have a house on
dialog: that coast, and it has never,
dialog: never rained blood.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: No, it’s all true.
dialog: (teasing her)
dialog: Herodotus, your friend -
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: My friend!
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: - he writes about it and he
dialog: writes about a wind, the
dialog: Simoon, which a nation
dialog: thought was so evil they
dialog: declared war on it and
dialog: marched out against it in
text: full battle dress.
text: He's touching Katharine's hair, he can’t help it. She is
text: paralysed by his touch, then puts out her hand and traces
text: across the window, now entirely silted up with sand.
scene_heading: INT. PATIENT’S ROOM. NIGHT.
text: The Patient remembers. He feels Katharine’s fingers tracing
text: across his face.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DAY
text: MORNING. The sand has almost COMPLETELY ENGULFED the car on the
text: exposed side, covering the windscreen like snow, and
text: encroaching onto the door of the protected flank.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY.
text: Almasy is awaken by the sound of A DISTANT ENGINE. He jerks up,
text: waking Katharine in the process, and heaves against the door.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Quick. Katharine. Quick, wake
dialog: up! I can hear a car. Let me
dialog: out.
text: (he stumbles out of
text: the car, up the dune,
text: then stops and flies
dialog: back to the car)
dialog: The flare!
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY (cont‘d)
dialog: (berating himself)
dialog: Idiot! To fall asleep.
dialog: Unforgiveable.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DAY
text: MADOX’S CAR IS ROARING ALONG THE HORIZON. Almasy runs back into
text: the car, finds his flaregun, and SENDS A FLARE high into the
text: sky. Katharine is with him now, and they watch, helplessly, as
text: the car bounces away from them, Madox a man on a mission.
text: Katharine panics, THE SAND HAS ERASED ALL TRACE OF THEM.
text: Katharine waves her arms frantically.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Here! We’re here! Stop!
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Madox! Madox!
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Our tracks have disappeared.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Madox will calculate how many
dialog: miles; he'll soon turn
dialog: around.
text: Katharine is frightened. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Could I ask you, please, to
dialog: paste your paintings into my
dialog: book? I should like to have
dialog: them. I should be honoured.
text: A car horn leaks into their conversation. Almasy can't place it
text: at first ~ he’d assumed it was Madox. Now he realises it's
text: coming from the floor of the sand dune. He suddenly turns and
text: charges away from Katharine.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: The others!
text: Katharine, horrified, follows him towards the mound of sand
text: which has completely buried the other vehicle.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Awful. We must get them out!
dialog: How awful.
text: Almasy is preoccupied. He’s gone back to their vehicle and
text: returns with a shovel, STARTS TO DIG FRANTICALLY. Katharine
text: kneels beside him and helps to shovel away the sand. During
dialog: this:
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Am I a terrible coward to ask
dialog: how much water we have?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (shovelling hard)
dialog: We have a little in our can,
dialog: we have water in the radiator
dialog: which can be drunk. It’s not
dialog: cowardly at all, it’s
dialog: extremely practical.
dialog: (anxious at not
text: uncovering the boys,
dialog: egging himself on)
dialog: Come on, come on!
dialog: (then back to
dialog: Katharine)
dialog: There's also a plant - I
dialog: believe you can cut a piece
dialog: the size of a heart from this
dialog: plant and the next morning it
dialog: will be filled with a
text: delicious liquid.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Find that plant. Cut out its
dialog: heart.
text: They hear NOISES, scrabbling, faint thumps. Almasy scrapes at
text: the sand and they find the glass of the car. The angle of the
text: cab, tilted up to the sky, has made it impossible for the
text: trapped boys to lever it open. Their oxygen is rapidly
text: deteriorating. Almasy pulls on the door and it cranks open. The
text: boys, dazed, guiping in the fresh air, clamber out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DAY
text: Katharine sits in the car, putting her pictures into the
text: Herodotus. It’s full of ALMASY’S HANDWRITING, PHOTOGRAPHS, SOME
text: PRESSED FLOWERS. She deciphers a page of his words and
text: drawings. It's almost exclusively about her, the lines studded
text: with Ks. She reads, astonished, then looks at him as he and two
text: of the three Bedouin circle the area of the cars in ever-
text: widening circles, like water-diviners, like Kip searching for
text: mines. Almasy suddenly drops to his knees and begins to shovel
text: into the sand. He pulis out A CAN OF WATER. Turns to Katharine
text: and holds it triumphantly in the air.
scene_heading: INT. THE DESERT. NIGHT
text: A red umbrella of light as Almasy fires the last flare into the
text: black night. Katharine comes up beside him. They wait in
text: silence, hope fading with the flare.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (blank)
dialog: Geoffrey's not in Cairo.
dialog: (Almasy looks at her)
dialog: He's not actually a buffoon.
dialog: And the plane wasn’t a
dialog: wedding present. It belongs
dialog: to the British Government.
dialog: They want aerial maps of the
dialog: whole of North Africa. So I
dialog: think he's in Ethiopia. In
dialog: case you were counting on his
dialog: sudden appearance.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: And the marriage - is that a
dialog: fiction?
text: There’s a beat. Katharine has a hundred answers.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: No, the marriage isn't a
dialog: fiction.
text: The light from the flare fades on them and they stand in the
text: dark. Suddenly on the far horizon, behind their heads, an
text: answering flare fireworks into the sky.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Thank God. Oh thank God.
text: There's excited shouting from the boys. Then a distant reply.
text: Almasy laughs with relief.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: It’s Madox.
text: He turns to Katharine. She shudders.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Am I K in your book? I think I
dialog: must be.
text: Almasy turns to her. He runs the blade of his arm across her
dialog: neck.
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY, UPSTAIRS LANDING. DAY
text: Hana walks along the landing with a tray. There’s a message on
text: several doors in the corridor from Kip: SAFE, then a couple
text: with the warning: DANGER. She hears noise from The Patient’s
text: room. Listens for a second before going in. Kip is reading to
dialog: The Patient.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KIP (0/8)
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “He sat, in defiance of
text: municipal orders, astride the
dialog: gun Zamzammah on her brick
text: platform opposite the old
dialog: Ajaib-Gher -”
dialog: (he breaks off)
dialog: I can’t read these words.
dialog: They stick in my throat.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT (0/S)
dialog: Because you're reading it too
dialog: fast!
speaker_heading: KIP (0/S)
dialog: Not at all.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT (0/S)
dialog: You have to read Kipling
dialog: slowly! Your eye is too
dialog: impatient - think about the
text: speed of his pen.
dialog: (quoting Kipling to
dialog: demonstrate)
text: What is it? “He sat” comma “in
dialog: defiance of municipal orders”
text: comma “astride the gun
text: Zamzammah on her brick”...
dialog: what is it?
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY
text: During this, Hana comes through with the tray, finds Kip
text: perched on the window, relishing his skirmish with The Patient,
text: who has condensed milk dribbling down his neck.
speaker_heading: KIP
text: “Brick platform opposite the
dialog: old Ajaib-Gher -”
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: “— The Wonder House” comma
dialog: “as the natives called the
dialog: Lahore Museum.”
speaker_heading: KIP
text: It’s still there, the cannon,
text: outside the museum. It was
text: made of metal cups and bowls
dialog: taken from every household in
dialog: the city as tax, then melted
dialog: down. Then later they fired
dialog: the cannon at my people comma
text: the natives. Full stop.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: So what is it you object to -
dialog: the writer or what he’s
dialog: writing about?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: What I really object to,
dialog: Uncle, is your finishing all
dialog: my condensed milk.
dialog: (snatching up the
dialog: empty can)
dialog: And the message everywhere in
dialog: your book - however slowly I
dialog: read it - that the best
dialog: destiny for India is to be
dialog: ruled by the British.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Hana, we have discovered a
dialog: shared pleasure - the boy
dialog: and I.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Arguing about books.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Condensed milk - one of the
dialog: truly great inventions.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: (grinning, leaving)
dialog: I’1l get another tin.
text: Hana and The Patient are alone.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I didn’t like that book
dialog: either. It’s all about men.
dialog: Too many men. Just like this
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: You like him, don’t you? Your
text: voice changes.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I don’t think it does.
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: Anyway, he’s indifferent to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I don’t think it's
text: indifference.
text: Kip comes bounding in with a fresh can.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Hana was just telling me you
dialog: were indifferent -
speaker_heading: BANA
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: Hey! -
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
text: - to her cooking.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: (oblivious)
dialog: Well, I’m indifferent to
dialog: cooking, not Hana’s cooking
dialog: in particular.
dialog: (stabbing at the tin
dialog: with a bayonet)
dialog: Have either of you ever tried
dialog: condensed milk sandwiches?
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO. DAY
text: ANOTHER WORLD as a honking TAXI containing Almasy and Katherine
text: negotiates the pell-mell bustle of Cairo.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEPHEARD’S HOTEL. DAY
text: Almasy, still in the same clothes, and evidently weary, emerges
text: from the cab, and pulls Katharine’s belongings from the trunk,
text: then holds open the door for her. As she walks toward the
text: hotel, he hands her bag to a porter. Katharine is stung.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Will you not come in?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: No. I should go home.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: will you please come in?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Mrs. Clifton -
text: Katharine turns, disgusted.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Don’t.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I believe you still have my
dialog: book.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Katharine fishes the book from her knapsack, shoves it at him,
text: then disappears.
scene_heading: INT. ALMASY’S ROOM. DAY
text: Almasy lying on a camp bed, face down. The walls are covered
text: with maps, enlargements of photographs. A fan whirs over his
text: kit which is spread, unravelled but ordered, on the stone
text: floor. An ineffably male room, the shutters closed, just the
text: thinnest shaft of light piercing the gloom. Almasy hasn’t even
text: removed his clothes, his boots kicked off below his jutting
dialog: feet.
text: There’s A KNOCK at the door. Almasy sleeps. Another. A third.
text: He's roused from the dead.
text: It's Katharine. She’s bathed, luminous, stands backlit by the
text: afternoon sun - an angel in a cotton dress. He walks towards
text: her and she slaps him shockingly hard. He KNEELS before her,
text: head at her thighs. Katharine beats on his head and shoulders,
text: violently, then stops, her face expressionless.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: You still have sand in your
dialog: hair.
text: He pulls back, to look at her. She kneels and covers his face
text: with kisses. He pulls blindly at her dress and it RIPS across
text: her breasts.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM. DAY
text: Almasy is in the bath. Katharine, wearing his dressing gown,
text: pours in a jug of steaming water. Almasy leans over the rim of
text: the bath. He’s singing and sewing, carefully repairing the torn
dialog: dress.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I’m impressed you can sew.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: You sew very badly.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: You don’t sew at all!
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: A woman should never learn to
dialog: sew, and if she can she
dialog: shouldn’t admit to it. Close
dialog: your eyes.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: That makes it harder still.
text: She pushes the sewing from his hands, then pours water over his
text: head, then begins to shampoo his hair.
text: Almasy is in heaven. The biggest smile we have seen from him.
text: She continues to massage his scalp.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: When were you most happy?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: When were you least happy?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What do you love?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: What do I love?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Say everything.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Let me see... I love water,
dialog: the fish in it. Hedgehogs!
dialog: I love hedgehogs.
text: She rinses his hair, then slips off the robe and CLIMBS IN
text: BESIDE HIM, covering his neck and shoulders in kisses.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: And what else?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Marmite - I'm addicted! Baths
dialog: ~- but not with other people!
dialog: Islands. Your handwriting.
dialog: I could go on all day.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (kissing her)
dialog: Go on all day.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: My husband.
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Almasy looks away.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What do you hate most?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: A lie. What do you hate most?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Ownership. Being owned. When
dialog: you leave, you should
dialog: forget me.
text: She freezes, pushes him away, pulls herself out of the bath.
text: She picks up her dress, the thread and needle dangling from it,
text: and walks, dripping, out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY
text: Hana sits reading from the Herodotus. She pulis out a
text: photograph of a small child.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Don’t you recognize me?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: Is it you? So fat!
text: Next she shows The Patient the page where a CHRISTMAS CRACKER
text: WRAPPER covered in handwriting has been glued in.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: That's a Christmas cracker.
dialog: It was a Christmas cracker. A
text: firecracker.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: This isn't your handwriting,
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Yes, it is.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: {she reads what he’s
dialog: written)
dialog: “December twenty-second ~
dialog: Betrayals in war are
dialog: childlike compared with our
dialog: betrayals during peace. New
dialog: lovers are nervous and
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA (cont'd)
dialog: tender, but smash everything
dialog: _ for the heart is an organ of
dialog: fire...for the heart is an
dialog: organ of fire...”
dialog: (she looks up)
dialog: I love that, I pelieve that.
dialog: (to him)
dialog: K. Who is K?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: K is for Katharine.
scene_heading: EXT. AMBASSADOR’ S RESIDENCE, DECEMBER 1938. DAY
text: A CHRISTMAS PARTY FOR THE TROOPS, The incongruous attempts to
text: create a traditional Christmas in the dusty heat of Cairo. The
text: party is in the courtyard of the Moorish Palace, which serves
text: as the private residence of the British Ambassador, SIR RONNIE
text: HAMPTON. Lots of wives, including LADY HAMPTON and Katharine,
text: help serve tea and cake to the SOLDIERS who sit at rudimentary
text: tables with paper plates and paper hats. A man dressed as SANTA
text: CLAUS is giving out presents — PENGUIN PAPERBACKS , CHOCOLATE.
text: Christmas carols leak from a loudspeaker. Officers and
text: Civilians walk the perimeter. one of these, arriving, is
text: Almasy. He sits in the shade, catches Katharine’s attention.
text: Katharine brings him over a cup of tea and a plate with
text: Christmas cake on it.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Say you're sick.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: What? No!
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Say you're feeling faint -
dialog: the heat.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (put a frisson)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: t can’t work. T can’t sleep.
text: Lady Hampton calls impatiently.
speaker_heading: LADY HAMPTON
dialog: Katharine!
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Coming.
dialog: (to Almasy)
dialog: I can't sleep. I woke up
text: shouting in the middle of the
dialog: night. Geoffrey thinks it’s
dialog: the thing in the desert, the
dialog: trauma.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I can still taste you.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (waving at another
text: woman who pushes a
dialog: trolley with teapots)
dialog: Philippa, this is empty.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I‘m trying to write with your
dialog: taste in my mouth.
dialog: (as she leaves)
dialog: Swoon. I‘1l catch you.
text: Almasy sits watching the party. The Santa Claus is dragged
text: outside by some excited Children. Almasy picks at his cake,
text: removing the thick marzipan icing. He’s writing on A CHRISTMAS
text: CRACKER WRAPPER, smoothing it out - “December 22nd. Betrayals
dialog: in war are childlike compared with our betrayals du -"
text: Katharine, attending to a table, suddenly sags at the knees,
text: and SWOONS. People rush to her.
speaker_heading: LADY HAMPTON
dialog: Katharine!
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I’m fine. No, I’m fine. How
dialog: silly.
speaker_heading: OFFICER'S WIFE
dialog: (helping her to sit
dialog: down)
dialog: It’s the heat.
speaker_heading: LADY HAMPTON
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: She’s quite all right.
dialog: (solicitous)
dialog: Are you pregnant?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I don’t think so.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LADY HAMPTON
dialog: (squeezing her arm)
dialog: How romantic. With Fiona I
dialog: fell over every five minutes.
dialog: Ronnie christened me Lady
dialog: Downfall.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Do you know, I think I might
dialog: go inside and sit down for a
dialog: few minutes.
speaker_heading: LADY HAMPTON
dialog: I‘11 come with you.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: No, please. You stay. I shall
dialog: be absolutely fine.
scene_heading: INT. STOREROOM. AMBASSADOR’S RESIDENCE. DAY
text: A small STOREROOM inside the Palace - Brooms, Mops, Cleaning
text: Equipment. Outside, the party is visible as opaque shadows
text: through the bevelled glass of the ornate window. The sound of
text: carols sung by the enlisted men gives way to a version of
text: “SILENT NIGHT” played on a solitary bagpipe. Inside, Almasy and
text: Katharine make love in the darkness. It’s as if the world has
dialog: stopped and there’s only their passion, overwhelming reason and
dialog: logic and rules.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDORS, AMBASSADOR’S RESIDENCE. DAY
text: A CORRIDOR. Almasy appears and almost immediately collides with
text: the man dressed as SANTA CLAUS.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Have you seen Katharine?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: (pulling down his
dialog: beard)
dialog: It’s Clifton under here.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Oh, no, I haven't, sorry.
scene_heading: INT. SIDE ROOM IN AMBASSADOR’S RESIDENCE. ‘DAY
text: Geoffrey continues scouring the warren of tiny rooms that run
text: off the central courtyard. He finds Katharine sitting in one,
text: smoking, surrounded by oppressive and elaborate tiling. Clifton
text: wonders briefly how Almasy had missed Katharine.
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Darling, I just heard. You
dialog: poor sausage, are you all
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I'm fine. I’m just hot.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Lady H said she thought you
dialog: might be pregnant.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I’m not pregnant. I’m just
dialog: hot. Too hot. Aren’t you?
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: I'm sweltering, actually.
dialog: (taking off his hat
dialog: and beard)
dialog: Come on, I’11 take you home.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (close to tears)
dialog: Can't we really go home? I
dialog: can't breathe. Aren’t you
dialog: dying for green, anything
dialog: green, or rain. It’s
dialog: Christmas and it’s all - oh, I
dialog: don‘t know - if you asked me
dialog: I’d go home tomorrow. If you
dialog: wanted.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Darling, you know we can't go
dialog: home, there might be a war.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (poking at his
dialog: costume)
dialog: Oh, Geoffrey, you do so love a
dialog: disguise.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: I do so love you.
dialog: (he kisses her head)
dialog: What do you smell of?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Marzipan! I think you've got
dialog: marzipan in your hair. No
dialog: wonder you're homesick.
dialog: 56
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. EVENING
text: The Patient lies alone in his room. Then something distracts
text: him. Caravaggio is standing over him, staring, intense.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Is it you?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: If I said Moose.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Moose? Who the hell’s Moose?
text: Caravaggio comes close, scrutinizing the face, trying to repair
text: the features. Exasperated.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I look different, why
dialog: shouldn’t you?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I heard your breathing, I
dialog: thought it was the rain. I'm
dialog: dying for rain. I'm dying
dialog: anyway, but I long for the
text: rain on my face.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: (a different tack)
dialog: First wedding anniversary -~
dialog: what do you call it?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I don’t know. Paper. Is it?
dialog: (sharp, not wanting to
dialog: think)
dialog: I don’t know. Paper.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, BRITISH HQ, CAIRO. DAY
text: A SMALL OFFICE, shared by two men, and a mountain of filing
text: cabinets and paper. There are AERIAL MAPS all over the walls.
text: Clifton is on the telephone, while his colleague, RUPERT
text: DOUGLAS, works at the desk.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: {into the phone)
dialog: Darling, it’s me, I'm sorry,
dialog: something’s come up.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE (0/S)
dialog: Oh no.
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Don’t sulk - I’11 be back
dialog: tomorrow evening. I promise.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE (0/S)
dialog: I'm going to sulk. I'm going
dialog: to sit here and sulk until you
dialog: get back.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Good. Okay my sausage, I love
dialog: you.
text: Rupert makes a face at his friend’s sentimentality. Clifton
dialog: beams.
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: I didn’t know you were going
dialog: anywhere?
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: I’m not. I’m going to
dialog: surprise her. It’s our
dialog: anniversary. She’s forgotten,
dialog: of course. What’s the symbol
dialog: of your first anniversary? I
dialog: should get something. Is it
dialog: cotton or paper?
speaker_heading: RUPERT
dialog: First anniversary? I thought
dialog: you two had been married for
dialog: donkey’s years?
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: We've been friends for
dialog: donkey’s years. Best friends.
dialog: She was always crying on my
dialog: shoulder about somebody -
dialog: until I persuaded her to
dialog: settle for my shoulder.
dialog: Stroke of genius.
dialog: {he calls through the
dialog: partition into the
dialog: next office)
dialog: Moose, you there? First
dialog: anniversary - is that cotton?
text: A man walks into the office, his code name is MOOSE. We know him
text: as CARAVAGGIO. He has fewer grey hairs, AND THUMBS.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Is what cotton?
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: First wedding anniversary.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Your first anniversary is
dialog: Paper.
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO STREET, 0/S SHEPHEARD'’S HOTEL. DAY
text: The approach to the Shepheard’s Hotel. Geoffrey Clifton in a
text: TAXI, champagne between his knees.
text: The car ahead of them SCREECHES TO A HALT as a WOMAN hurries
text: across the street. The driver honks his horn angrily. The woman
text: puts up a hand in apology as she skips across the street to
text: another taxi. IT’S KATHARINE - she asks the driver for an
text: address in the old town.
text: Geoffrey, at first excited, is troubled by Katharine’s
text: expression. Then he sees her skip and his whole being
text: punctures.
text: Katharine’s cab roars off. His own car jerks forward.
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Stop! Stop here.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Please? Yessir.
text: Geoffrey sits in the cab. Fifty yards short of the hotel. The
text: world rushes by.
scene_heading: INT. ALMASY'S ROOMS. LATE DAY
text: Katharine is in bed. Almasy has just put A RECORD on. It's the
text: folk song heard at the beginning of the film. He slips back
text: under the covers. Their clothes are scattered around the room.
text: He lies over a happy Katharine. She listens.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: This is - what is this?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
text: It’s a folk song.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Arabic?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: No, no, it’s Hungarian. My
dialog: daijka sang it to me when I
dialog: was a child in Budapest.
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (as they listen)
dialog: It’s beautiful. What's it
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (as if interpreting)
dialog: Szerelem means love...and the
dialog: story - there’s this
dialog: Hungarian count, he’s a
dialog: wanderer, a fool. For years
dialog: he’s on some kind of a quest,
dialog: for - who knows what? And then
dialog: one day he falls under the
text: spell of a mysterious English
text: woman - a harpy - who beats
text: him and hits him and he
text: becomes her slave and sews
text: her clothes and worships the
dialog: hem of her-
text: Katharine had thought for a few seconds he was serious, then
text: she catches on and starts to beat him.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Ouch! See - you’re always
dialog: beating me...!
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: You bastard, I was believing
dialog: you! You should be my slave.
text: They embrace, he lies over her, considering her naked back.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I claim this shoulder blade -
dialog: no, wait - I want - turn over
dialog: - I want this!
text: He turns her over, kisses her throat, then traces the hollow
text: indentation.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: This piace, I love this
dialog: place, what’s it called -
dialog: this is mine!
dialog: (Katharine doesn’t
dialog: know)
dialog: I’m going to ask the King
dialog: permission to call it the
dialog: Almasy Bosphorous.
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: I thought we were against
dialog: ownership?
dialog: (Almasy acknowledges
dialog: the irony)
dialog: I can stay tonight.
text: The luxury of this makes them both sad. The duplicity. Almasy
text: rolls away onto his back.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Madox knows, I think. He
dialog: keeps talking about Anna
dialog: Karenina. I think it’s his
dialog: idea of a man-to-man chat.
dialog: It’s my idea of a man-to-man
dialog: chat.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: This is a different world - is
dialog: what I tell myself. A
dialog: different life. And here I am
dialog: a different wife.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Yes. Here you are a different
dialog: wife.
scene_heading: INT. CAB, CAIRO STREET, 0/S SHEPHEARD’S HOTEL. NIGHT
text: The CAB DRIVER is asleep. In the back of the car Geoffrey has
text: opened the champagne. He lets it overflow, then takes a swig.
text: He fusses with the tissue paper from the bottle, unravelling
text: it, revealing a chain of hearts.
scene_heading: EXT. ALMASY'S HOUSE, OLD CAIRO. DAWN
text: Almasy and Katharine wander out of his building and into the
text: early morning streets, hand in hand.
scene_heading: EXT. SPICE MARKET, CAIRO. DAWN
text: The MORNING PRAYERS rise out from the city’s three Minarets.
text: They stop at a stall, which is just preparing to open for the
text: day. Katharine examines the collection of silver thimbles,
text: picks one up.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: These are darling. What are
dialog: they, thimbles? .
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Yes. It’s full of saffron,
dialog: just in case you think I’m
dialog: giving it to you to encourage
dialog: your sewing.
text: He points it out to the merchant who gives him a price. Without
text: comment, Almasy produces the money and, beaming, hands the
text: thimble to Katharine.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I don’t care to bargain.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: That day, had you followed me
dialog: to the market?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Yes, of course.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (leving him, but
dialog: frightened)
dialog: Shall we be all right?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Yes. Yes.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Absolutely.
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO STREET. DAWN
text: Katharine takes leave of Almasy on the street corner away from
text: the hotel entrance. They don’t kiss. There’s a moment when
text: their hands brush, linger, then she leaves him at the top of
text: the stairs and disappears.
scene_heading: INT. CAB, CAIRO STREET, 0/S SHEPHEARD’S HOTEL. DAY
text: Geoffrey, unshaven, slumped in the taxi, watches as Katharine
text: crosses the street and heads towards the hotel. His expression
text: is terrible, trying to smile, his face collapsed.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. MORNING
text: “Cheek to Cheek” leaks into the room from a GRAMOPHONE that
text: Caravaggio stands over proudly. The Patient opens his eyes - is
text: confused, dislocated - stares blankly at Caravaggio.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Thought you'd never wake up!
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: What?
text: Hana comes in, sleepily, frowns at the gramophone.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Where did you find that?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I liberated it.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I think that’s called
text: looting.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: (relaxed)
dialog: No one should own music. The
dialog: real question is, who wrote
dialog: the song?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Irving Berlin.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: For?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Top Hat.
speaker_heading: : CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Is there a song you don’t
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (speaking for him)
dialog: No. He sings all the time.
text: She goes over to The Patient and kisses him gently.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Good morning.
dialog: (of his singing)
dialog: Did you know that? You’re
dialog: always singing.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I‘ve been told before.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Kip’s another one.
text: She goes to the window, looks over to where the tents are
text: pitched, sees Hardy shaving and Kip in the process of washing
text: his hair, his turban hanging like a ribbon between two trees to
text: dry. He’s perched a bowl and is dipping his long coal-black
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: hair into it. As Hana watches Kip, Caravaggio changes the
text: record. The Patient identifies it immediately.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: “Wang Wang Blues.”
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: You‘re incredible!
scene_heading: EXT. MONASTERY GARDEN. MORNING.
text: Hana walks towards the tent, and passes Hardy. She’s carrying a
text: small cup, which she’s a little furtive about. He’s carrying a
text: whole armada of OIL LIGHTS. He nods upstairs.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: Good morning, miss.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Hello. You saved my life. I
dialog: haven't forgotten.
dialog: (Hardy waves that
dialog: away)
dialog: I thought you were very very
dialog: tall. You seemed so big and -
dialog: a giant! - and I felt like a
dialog: child who can’t keep her
dialog: balance.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: (does a little mime)
text: A toddler.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (smiles)
text: A toddler.
text: She goes on outside, and tentatively approaches Kip, who’s
text: still working at his hair.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: My hair was long. At some
dialog: point. I’ve forgotten what a
dialog: nuisance it is to wash.
text: He continues to wash. She holds up the cup of oil.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Try this. I found a great jar
dialog: of it. Olive oil.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Thank you.
text: She stands for a second, just wanting to be close, then shyly
text: walks away. Kip examines the oil, calls after her.
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Is this for my hair?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (turning, smiling)
dialog: Yes, for your hair.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. EVENING.
text: Caravaggio is with The Patient. They sit lost in the jazz
text: they're listening to. The Patient regards Caravaggio.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: There was a general who wore a
dialog: patch over a perfectly good
dialog: eye. The men fought harder
dialog: for him. Sometimes I think I
dialog: could get up and dance.
text: Caravaggio doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: What’s under your mittens?
dialog: (still nothing from
dialog: Caravaggio)
dialog: What’s under your mittens?
text: Caravaggio stands, goes to him, removing his mittens.
scene_heading: INT. BRITISH HEADQUARTERS, TOBRUK, JUNE 1942. DAY.
text: Caravaggio, thumbs intact and wearing a crumpled linen suit,
text: walks through the mangled corridors of British HQ. Smoke is
text: rising from buildings, the ominous scream of Stuka dive-bombers
text: in the distance as the harbour is pounded, the steady thud of
text: explosions. TOBRUK IS UNDER SIEGE. BHQ is a place in the throes
text: of dismantling itself. SECRETARIES are visiting braziers manned
text: by ARAB BOYS who stoke the fires as boxes of restricted papers
text: are fed into them. ASHES hover in the air.
scene_heading: INT. BHQ. TOBRUK DAY.
text: Caravaggio walks through a large room crowded with desks. From
text: one of them, a young woman, AICHA, frowning at the chaos and
text: the shelling, approaches him. AICHA is Caravaggio’s sometime
dialog: lover.
speaker_heading: AICHA
dialog: He's waiting for you. I‘11
dialog: see you tonight?
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OF BRITISH HEADQUARTERS, TOBRUK. DAY
text: Fenelon-Barnes and Caravaggio make their way down the stairs
text: and to the entrance. Aicha passes them on the stairs, looks
text: anxiously at Caravaggio.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: FENELON-BARNES
dialog: Look, Moose, we need you to
dialog: stay in Tobruk. I know it’s a
dialog: bit of a short straw but the
dialog: thinking is we'll be back - I
dialog: mean, we will, we will be back
dialog: - but we need eyes and ears on
dialog: the ground. Jerry's got our
dialog: maps, you know. Swine. Before
dialog: the war we helped them run
dialog: about the desert making maps
dialog: - and now they’re getting
dialog: spies into Cairo using our
dialog: maps, they'11 get Rommel into
dialog: Cairo using our maps. The
dialog: whole of the desert’s like a
dialog: bloody bus route and we gave
dialog: it to them. Any foreigner who
dialog: turned up - “Welcome to the
dialog: Royal Geographic, take our
dialog: maps.” Old Madox went mad,
dialog: you know - did you know Peter
dialog: Madox? - magnificent explorer
dialog: - after he found out he'd been
text: betrayed by Almasy, his best
dialog: friend. Absolutely destroyed
dialog: the poor sod. I’d love to get
dialog: that bastard Almasy. Settle
dialog: the score.
scene_heading: EXT. TOBRUK. DAY
text: The Germans invade Tobruk. They drop to the ground in cluster
text: of parachutes. The harbour rocks with explosions.
scene_heading: EXT. TOBRUK DOCKSIDE. DAY
text: A GERMAN TROOP CARRIER rumbles forward passing a line of
text: BEDRAGGLED BRITISH POWS as they’re marched along the side of
text: the harbour;passing a dock in which the mangled carcasses of
text: boats send up plumes of ugly smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. TOBRUK SQUARE. DAY
text: A crowd of Tobruk CIVILIANS - French and Italians among the
text: MOSTLY ARAB FACES. Their papers are being thoroughly checked by
text: officers sitting at open desks. In a line, wearing his shabby
text: suit, is CARAVAGGIO. AN ARAB WOMAN in front of him is arguing
text: over the identity of her ominous CAUCASIAN-LOOKING BABY. An
text: INTERPRETER mediates. The OFFICER doesn’t believe the woman.
text: She's getting frantic at the possibility of losing her child.
text: Suddenly there’s a disturbance as a WOMAN is dragged along the
text: line by her hair. She's bloodied, and has been tortured, and
text: it’s hard to recognize her as the pretty AICHA. She is forced
text: to consider some horrified members of the line, shakes her
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: head, moans, falls to her feet. Caravaggio doesn’t look, stares
text: straight ahead. An officer watches him as he turns briefly and
text: helplessly out of concern for her. Their eyes catch for an
text: instant and the officer sees it.
text: Caravaggio slowly walks away from the line. A soldier shouts to
text: halt, the crowd ducks for cover. Caravaggio puts up his arms in
dialog: surrender.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM, TOBRUK. DAY
text: Caravaggio is slumped at a table, HIS HANDS MANACLED TO ITS
text: THICK WOODEN LEGS. There’s A TELEPHONE at another table in the
text: corner of the room attended by a CLERK with A STENOGRAPHER
text: working next to him. The room has stone walls which appear
text: damp, and no windows. SOLDIERS stand guard at the door. It’s a
text: horrible room. Caravaggio is trying to sleep, he’s unshaven and
text: pasty-looking. His interrogator, MULLER, seems incredibly tired
text: and aggravated. He approaches the table carrying a collection
text: of photographs which he lays down on the table in front of
dialog: Caravaggio.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: David Caravaggio.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: (of the photographs)
dialog: This was taken in Cairo at
dialog: British Headquarters - July
dialog: +41. And so was this - August
dialog: *41. And this - February ‘42.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: It’s possible. I was buying
dialog: or selling something. I've
dialog: been to Cairo many times.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: You are a Canadian spy
dialog: working for the Allies. Code
dialog: name Moose.
text: THE PHONE rings again, is answered. The Clerk calls to Muller
text: who gets up, irritably. Caravaggio addresses the room.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Could you get me a doctor? I'm
dialog: sick, I’m leaking blood.
text: Nobody responds. Muller is irascible on the phone, checking his
text: watch, negotiating time. The call finishes.
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (in German)
dialog: He’s asking for a doctor.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: (to Caravaggio)
dialog: You want a doctor?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I've been asking for weeks,
dialog: months, I don’t know -
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: We don't have a doctor, but we
dialog: do have a nurse.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: A nurse? Well, sure, great. A
dialog: nurse would be great. A
dialog: nurse? Great.
text: Muller nods at the Clerk, who instantly gets up. Just then the
text: telephone rings again. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Leave it and get the nurse!
text: The Clerk exits.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: (turns to Caravaggio)
dialog: Look - give me something. A
dialog: name. A code. So we can all
dialog: get out of this room.
dialog: (wiping his face)
dialog: I’m sick of this heat. It’s
dialog: too hot.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I slept with a girl. I’ve got
text: a wife in Tripoli. A girl
text: comes up and points at you,
dialog: you only see trouble.
text: The NURSE comes in. She is Arab, unbearably young, pure. Her
text: head is covered.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: I‘11 tell you what I’m going
dialog: to do. This is your nurse, by
dialog: the way. She’s Moslem, so
dialog: she’1ll understand all of
dialog: this. What’s the punishment
dialog: for adultery? Let’s leave it
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MULLER (cont ‘d)
dialog: at that. You‘re married and
dialog: you were fucking another
dialog: woman, so that’s - is it the
dialog: hands that are cut off? Or is
dialog: that for stealing? Does
dialog: anyone know?
text: There’s a silence. Muller turns to Caravaggio.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: Well, you must know. You were
dialog: brought up in Libya, yes?
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Don’t cut me.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: Or was it Toronto?
text: Now the phone starts again. The CLERK picks it up, there’s a
text: terse exchange, he puts the receiver on the desk, waits for the
text: moment to interrupt Muller.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: Ten fingers. How about this?
dialog: You give me a name for every
dialog: finger - doesn’t matter who.
dialog: I get something, you keep
dialog: something. I'm trying to be
dialog: reasonable.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: (ashen)
dialog: Don’t cut me. Come on.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: (pauses, suddenly
dialog: puzzled)
dialog: Are thumbs fingers?
speaker_heading: {in GERMAN to the
dialog: others)
dialog: Is a thumb a finger?
text: No response. Muller opens his palms to Caravaggio.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: I get no help from these
dialog: people.
text: Muller slams down the telephone receiver. An AIR RAID SIREN is
text: going off somewhere, and now the faint sound of explosions is
text: also discernable, but all muffled in this room along with the
text: steady tap-tap of the STENOGRAPHER. At ‘that moment, Muller
text: suddenly becomes aware of what is happening. He turns on the
dialog: Stenographer.
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: (in German)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: STENOGRAPHER
dialog: (awkward, in German)
dialog: The Geneva Convention. I’m -
text: Muller peremptorily rips out the paper, throws it on the floor.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: The Geneva Convention! Ach!
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Hey - Come on! You can’t do
dialog: that!
text: DURING THIS Muller's gone to the table, pulled out a drawer,
text: and produced A CUT-THROAT RAZOR. He hands it to the Nurse,
text: makes a line across his own left thumb and jerks his head
text: towards Caravaggio. The Nurse is extremely reluctant. Muller
text: claps his hands, pushes her towards Caravaggio.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: Go! Hey! Gol
text: Caravaggio is in terror.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: I'll give you names. I’1l
dialog: give you names. What names
dialog: did you say? I’ve forgotten
dialog: the names. Tell me the names
dialog: and I’1l agree.
text: The guards come away from the door and press down on
text: Caravaggio’s shoulders to prevent him from moving. The Nurse,
text: grim-faced, approaches, kneels at the table, takes the blade
text: from Muller, takes gentle hold of Caravaggio’s hand.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: {as she prepares to
dialog: cut)
dialog: Please - please - oh please -
dialog: oh please - I promise. What
dialog: name did you say? I knew them!
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: (jabbing at the Nurse)
dialog: Come on!
text: And then Caravaggio SCREAMS AND SCREAMS. The AIR RAID is
text: continuing outside, the PHONE IS RINGING. Muller watches as
text: Caravaggio is mutilated, his cries continuing, his whimpers
dialog: horrible.
dialog: 70
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. NIGHT.
text: Caravaggio, his hands revealed, thumbless, advances on The
text: Patient, his cries still ringing in the room.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: {The man who took my thumbs, I
dialog: found him eventually - I
text: killed him. The man who took
dialog: my photograph, I found him
dialog: too - that took me a year.
text: He’s dead. Another man helped
dialog: get that man across the
dialog: desert to Cairo. I’ve been
text: leoking for him.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF EGYPTOLOGY. DAY
text: Madox and Almasy are camped in one corner of THE LIBRARY,
text: hunched over their maps and papers and journals and clashing
text: furiously over the site of the next part of the expedition.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: (pushing away his
dialog: charts)
dialog: You can’t get through there.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I was looking again at Bell's
dialog: maps. If we can find a way to
dialog: cross the wadi we can drive
dialog: straight up into Cairo...
text: (he points at a map)
dialog: - and this whole spur is a
dialog: real possibility...
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: So - on Thursday you don’t
dialog: trust Bell’s map - “Bell was a
dialog: fool, Bell couldn’t draw a
dialog: map” - but on Friday he’s
dialog: suddenly infallible?
text: Almasy is surprised by Madox’s anger.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: And where are the Expedition
dialog: Maps?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: In my room.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: Those maps belong to His
dialog: Majesty’s Government. They
dialog: shouldn't be left lying
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MADOX (cont‘d)
dialog: around for any Tom, Dick or
dialog: Harry to have sight of.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What on earth's the matter
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: Don’t be so bloody naive. You
dialog: know there’s a war breaking
dialog: out.
text: (he tosses a slip of
text: paper onto the map,
dialog: recites its message)
dialog: This arrived this morning. By
dialog: order of the British
dialog: Government - all
dialog: International Expeditions to
dialog: be aborted by May 1939.
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO SOUK. LATE AFTERNOON
text: Almasy and Madox walk through the souk, the bars filling up as
text: the stalls are closing. Both of them are sombre.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What do they care about our
dialog: maps?
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: What do we find in the desert?
text: Arrowheads, spears. In a war,
dialog: if you own the desert, you own
dialog: North Africa.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (contemptuous )
dialog: Own the desert.
text: Almasy hesitates at a junction, clearly about to take his leave
dialog: of Madox.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Madox - that place, that
text: place at the base of a woman’s
dialog: throat? You know, the hollow,
dialog: here ~- does it have an
dialog: official name?
text: Madox looks at him.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: For God's sake, man - pull
dialog: yourself together.
dialog: 72
scene_heading: INT. OPEN-AIR CINEMA, CAIRO. EVENING
text: The OPEN-AIR CINEMA is just beginning its evening programme.
text: PATHE NEWS BEGINS and we date the event to April 1939. Stories
text: of imminent war jostle with images of Merrie England. Village
text: greens, sporting victories, record sunshine on the Isle of
text: Wight. Alone among the necking couples - mostly soldiers with
text: their Egyptian girlfriends - sits Katharine. She’s waiting for
text: Almasy. Katharine is wretched. She sits, head down, hardly
text: watching the screen, marooned in her despair about duplicity,
dialog: sordid assignations.
text: Almasy arrives, slides in beside Katharine, his shadow
text: momentarily large across the screen.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Sorry.
text: They watch the screen. Katharine is weeping. Almasy doesn’t
text: understand. He puts his arm around her.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I ean't do this, I can’t do
dialog: this anymore.
scene_heading: INT. OPEN-AIR CINEMA, CAIRO. EVENING
text: LATER and Katharine and Almasy sit stiffly under the bleachers
text: while the main feature - a Busby Berkeley revue - plays in the
text: background. Finally, Katharine gets up.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I‘d better go now. Say
dialog: goodbye here.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I'm not agreeing. Don’t think
dialog: I’m agreeing, because I’m
dialog: not.
text: They stand, awkward. Katharine rehearses her position.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Any minute now, he’1l find
dialog: out, we‘ll barge into someone
dialog: - it will kill him.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Don't go over it again,
dialog: please.
text: He takes her hands, lays his cheeks into them. She pulls her
text: hand away as she makes for the exit. He calls after her.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Katharine -
text: He looks toward her, his smile awful.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I just wanted you to know. I’m
dialog: not missing you yet.
text: She nods, can’t find this funny.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: You will. You will.
text: She turns sharply from him and BANGS her head against the
text: bleacher support, staggers at the shock of it, then hurries
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. NIGHT
text: The patient's stertorous breathing, each intake accompanied by
text: a small noise, a note, suddenly stops. Then it steadies again.
text: He appears to be alone. Caravaggio lies under his bed, smoking,
text: a vigil.
scene_heading: INT. AMBASSADOR’S RESIDENCE, CAIRO, 1939. NIGHT
text: Last seen at the troops’ Christmas party, the INNER COURTYARD
text: has been transformed into an elegant outdoor banquet, with a
text: small band providing entertainment. The Aimasy/Madox team is
text: assembled for A FAREWELL DINNER. They are waiting for Almasy to
text: arrive, his seat conspicuously empty. He is very late. And then
text: he’s there, dangerously drunk, terribly dashing. He practically
text: dances to his chair which he drags violently away from its
text: position opposite Katharine. He bows to Lady Hampton.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I believe I’m rather late.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: (ignoring the drama of
dialog: this entrance)
dialog: Good, we're all here? A
dialog: toast, to the International
dialog: Sand Club - may it soon
text: resurface.
speaker_heading: THE OTHERS
dialog: The International Sand Club!
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: The International Sand Club!
dialog: Misfits, buggers, fascists,
dialog: and fools. God bless us,
dialog: everyone.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The others drink, trying to ignore his mood.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Oops! Mustn’t say
dialog: International. Dirty word.
dialog: Filthy word. His Majesty! Die
dialog: Fuhrer! Il Duce!
speaker_heading: CLIFTON
dialog: Sorry, what’s your point?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (not responding)
dialog: And the people here don’t
dialog: want us. You must be joking.
dialog: The Egyptians are desperate
dialog: to get rid of the
dialog: Colonials...
dialog: (to an embarrassed
dialog: Fouad)
dialog: Isn't that right, Fouad? Some
dialog: of their best people down on
dialog: their hands and knees begging
dialog: to be spared a knighthood...
dialog: (to his host, Sir
dialog: Hampton)
dialog: Isn‘t that right? Isn’t that
dialog: right, Sir Ronnie?
text: Ronnie Hampton shrugs. They’re all very uncomfortable. Almasy
text: turns to Clifton.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What’s my point?
dialog: (standing up)
dialog: Oh! I’ve invented a new dance
dialog: ~ anybody up for it - it’s
dialog: called - it’s called - the
dialog: Bosphorus Bug. Madox?
dialog: Bermann? You'll dance with
dialog: me... D’Ag? Come on D’Aggers.
speaker_heading: D’‘ AGOSTINO
dialog: Let’s eat first. Sit down.
text: The Band is now playing ‘Manhattan’ Almasy, without missing a
text: beat, begins to sing, replacing the words with alternatives he
text: knows. He lurches around. Katharine can’t look at him.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: ‘4+. We'll bathe at Brighton,
dialog: the fish you'll frighten when
dialog: you're in - your bathing suit
dialog: so thin, will make the
dialog: shellfish grin, fin to fin.’
dialog: They‘re playing it far too
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY (cont‘d)
dialog: slowly, but these were the
dialog: words, actually, before they
dialog: were cleaned up. Might be a
dialog: song for you, Mrs. Clif -
text: Madox gets up and pulls Almasy into his chair, taking charge.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: (whispering sharply)
dialog: Look, either shut up, or go
dialog: home. You're completely
dialog: plastered! Now sit down.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Absolutely right, shut up,
dialog: shut up. Sorry. I'm so sorry.
dialog: I can’t think what came over
dialog: me. Lashings of apologies —
dialog: all round.
scene_heading: EXT. AMBASSADOR’S RESIDENCE. NIGHT
text: Later, and now MOST OF THE GROUP ARE DANCING. We see Katharine
text: dancing with Rupert Douglas, enjoying herself. Bermann is there
text: and even Madox - jogging and grinning foolishly. Clifton looks
text: at Katharine who, as the dance ends, excuses herself to go to
text: the cloakroom. Almasy hovers in the shadows, unseen.
scene_heading: INT. AMBASSADOR'S RESIDENCE. NIGHT
text: Katharine comes along the familiar warren of rooms and
text: corridors and is suddenly confronted by Almasy, tortured and
text: out of control.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Why were you holding his
dialog: collar?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (mimicking her
dialog: inflection)
dialog: What? That boy, that little
dialog: boy, you were holding his
dialog: collar, you were gripping his
dialog: collar, what for? Is he next?
dialog: You going to drag him into
dialog: ur little room? Where is
dialog: it? Is this it?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Don’t do this.
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (pressing her against
dialog: the wall)
dialog: I’ve watched you - I've
dialog: watched you at garden
text: parties, on verandahs, at the
dialog: Races - how can you stand
dialog: there? How can you ever
dialog: smile? As if your life hadn't
dialog: capsized?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: You know why. You know why.
text: He tries to hold her. She resists. They're both in torment.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Dance with me.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (tracing her shoulder
dialog: blade)
dialog: Dance with me. I want to touch
dialog: you. I want the things which
dialog: are mine. Which belong to me.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Do you think you’re the only
dialog: one who feels anything? Is
dialog: that what you think?
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Hana sits with the patient. His eyes are full of tears. He
text: opens them, sees her watching over him. He's embarrassed.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Why don’t you go? Get some
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Would you like me to?
text: He nods. She gets up from her sewing, then leaves.
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY, LANDING AND STAIRS. NIGHT
text: Hana leaves the room, then turns and sees a tiny lamp on the
text: floor. It’s made from a snail shell filled with oil. She bends
text: to it curiously, then sees & second lamp half-way down the
text: stairs, then a third further down. She smiles in the light,
text: then follows the trail.
dialog: 77
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY CLOISTERS. NIGHT
text: In the cloisters the trail of shell lamps continues, like tiny
text: cat's eyes. As they reach the hopscotch chalk marks, they
text: outline the squares. Hana hopscotches and then follows the
text: lights, disappearing around a corner.
scene_heading: INT. THE MONASTERY STABLES. NIGHT
text: Hana comes through into the stables. The lamps lead her, then
text: they stop. She peers into the shadows.
speaker_heading: KIP (0/5)
dialog: Hana
text: She turns to the voice. He steps out of the darkness.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (happy)
dialog: Kip.
text: And he goes to her.
scene_heading: EXT. AREZZO. DUSK
text: Kip, Hana clinging onto him, steers the motorbike in the
text: deserted PIAZZA. They dismount and walk up to the doors of the
speaker_heading: CHURCH.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH. DUSK
text: They enter the Church. It’s in almost total darkness. Kip
text: circles Hana with the rope, MAKING A SLING across her waist and
text: shoulder. He lights a small flare and hands it to her before
text: disappearing into the gloom.
text: Hana stands holding the flare.
text: Kip runs up a hill of sandbags, right up into the rafters. Be
text: collects the other end of the rope which is attached to Hana.
text: Holding on to it, he just STEPS OFF INTO THE DARKNESS.
text: SIMULTANEOUSLY HANA IS SWUNG UP INTO THE AIR, her startled yelp
text: echoing around the Church. Kip touches ground, while Hana
text: swings through space, coming to rest about three feet from the
text: FRESCOED WALLS, painted by Piero Della Francesca. Hana’s flare
text: makes a halo around her head.
text: Now Kip, on the ground, still holding the rope, walks forward
text: and causes Hana to SWING to the right. She lets out a giddy
text: laugh, exhilarated and nervous, and she flies, illuminating -
text: en passant - faces, bodies, angels. Kip guides the rope as if
text: they were making love, which in a way they are.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Hana arrives, hovering, in front of THE QUEEN OF SHEBA TALKING
text: TO SOLOMON. She’s overwhelmed. She reaches out to touch the
text: giant neck of the sad Queen.
scene_heading: INT. KIP’S TENT. NIGET
text: Hana lies over Kip in the stable, a naked white body plaited
text: into a brown one.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: If one night I didn’t come to
dialog: see you, what would you do?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I try not to expect you.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Yes, but if it got late and T
dialog: hadn‘t shown up?
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Then I’d think there must be a
dialog: reason.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: You wouldn't come to find me?
dialog: (Kip shrugs)
dialog: That makes me never want to
dialog: come here.
dialog: (Kip still won’t
dialog: respond)
dialog: Then I tell myself he spends
dialog: all day searching, in the
dialog: night he wants to be found.
text: Then Kip turns, rolling over to face her.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I do. I do want you to find
dialog: me. I do want to be found.
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: EXT, THE MONASTERY STABLES. EARLY MORNING
text: Hardy knocks cautiously on the door of the stables. Eventually
text: Hana opens the door.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: Ah, I was looking for
dialog: Lieutenant Singh.
speaker_heading: HANA
text: He’s sleeping.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: Only we've got to go to work.
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I‘ll tell him. What is it? Is
dialog: it a mine?
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: It's a bomb. Up by the
dialog: Viaduct.
text: She closes the door, then reappears.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Does he have to go?
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: Pardon me?
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: What if you couldn’t find
dialog: him...?
dialog: (Hardy's bewildered)
dialog: Sergeant, not today, please.
dialog: Not this morning.
text: Kip comes to the door, winding his turban.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: What’s happening? Am I
dialog: needed?
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: I’m afraid so, sir.
text: Kip hurries to his tent. Hana follows him.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Don’t go. I’m frightened.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: This is what I do. I do this
dialog: every day.
scene_heading: EXT. A VIADUCT NORTH OF THE MONASTERY. DAY
text: Kip is lowered by a pulley into the shaft the sappers have made
text: around the bomb. Hardy supervises. The bomb’s huge - 2,000
text: pounds - and protrudes ostrich-like from the pit, its nose sunk
text: into a pool of sludge at the base of the viaduct.
text: Kip steps off and sinks knee-deep in mud, grunting in disgust.
text: Warily, he touches his huge opponent, feeling the condition of
text: the case. He wipes the metal. Reveals a serial number, calls it
text: out to Hardy, who’s perched on the bank.
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KIP
scene_heading: Serial number - KK-IP2600.
text: Kip stares at the number. A bomb with his name on it.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: (noting it down)
dialog: KK-IP2600 Sir! I‘11, get the
dialog: oxygen.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD APPROACHING VIADUCT. DAY
text: Hana cycles along on Caravaggio’s bicycle. A TANK comes roaring
text: up behind her, then a second and third, loaded up with people -
text: citizens and soldiers, and children - waving flags and
text: gesticulating. She lets the metal circus go by.
scene_heading: INT. BOMB SHAFT. DAY
text: Back in the shaft, Kip works away, his fingers shaking with the
text: cold from the oxygen he’s using to freeze the fuse. Suddenly
text: there’s a VIOLENT TREMOR. The ground is SHUDDERING, and Kip’s
text: tools are falling into the sludge.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hardy! What‘s happening?!
scene_heading: EXT. VIADUCT. DAY
text: The TANKS are rumbling towards the Viaduct. HORNS start
text: sounding. Hardy, below, bellows at his men above for
dialog: explanation.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: Corporal !?
speaker_heading: DADE
dialog: (leaning over the
dialog: parapet of the
dialog: viaduct)
dialog: Tanks, sir. Don’t know what
dialog: it's about.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Stop them!
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Hardy!
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: What is this - a bloody
dialog: carnival? Stop them!
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: The fuse has snapped!
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Two Sappers run across the bridge towards the oncoming
text: procession. They wave their orange flags, the tanks wave back
text: with their flags - Stars and Stripes, Union Jacks. Now SHOTS
text: are ringing out. In the shaft, oblivious, Kip slides out from
text: under the bomb, the oxygen spurting everywhere, all over his
text: clothes, hissing on the surface of the water. Hardy bends into
text: the shaft, heedless of his own safety.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: You've got to cut, sir, that
dialog: frost won’t last.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: This is making me incredibly
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: I know, sir.
text: Kip rubs his hands to warm them up, locates his needle pliers,
text: and slips them through the tiny gap. His hand touches the
text: casing and the freeze BURNS his hand. He jerks back, DROPPING
text: THE PLIERS into the watery sludge, cursing.
text: Above them the tanks are rumbling over the bridge, sending
text: drizzles of dust onto them from the fragile structure. The
text: cheering continues, oblivious to the crisis below.
text: Now Kip‘s on his hands and knees in the sludge, trying
text: frantically to find the pliers. Hardy looks at his watch, he
text: can't help. The seconds run out as Kip groveis in the mud.
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: Can you feel them?
text: Then, suddenly Kip emerges with the pliers, soaked, shuddering.
text: He doesn’t know where to cut.
speaker_heading: BARDY
dialog: Cut it sir, you‘’ve got to cut
dialog: itl
text: He goes straight to an exposed loop, no finesse, and cuts.
text: There's a snip. Then nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. VIADUCT. DAY
text: Kip and Hardy emerge from their ordeal to join what appears to
text: be a party. There are wine bottles and embraces. They’re
text: bewildered.
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HARDY
dialog: Get a blanket!
dialog: (not getting
dialog: attention)
dialog: Spalding - get a blanket for
dialog: the Lieutenant!
speaker_heading: DADE
dialog: It’s over, Sir! It’s over.
text: Jerry's surrendered.
dialog: (to Kip)
dialog: Well done, well done, Sir!
text: And now they're all shaking hands and slapping backs, and the
text: SOLDIERS FROM THE TANKS are there and the victory celebrations
text: begin. Kip’s blank, drained, not taking anything in, as Dade
text: wraps a blanket around his shoulders.
text: Hana arrives on the bicycle and she and Kip embrace privately
text: amidst the celebrations. A different kind of victory for them.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Thunder breaks over the Monastery. Hana suddenly comes to the
text: door of the room. She looks mischievous.
speaker_heading: HANA
text: It’s raining.
text: And then she bursts out laughing.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY CLOISTERS. MORNING
text: A whoop precedes THE HEADLONG RUSH OF KIP, HARDY, and
text: CARAVAGGIO as they cart The Patient across. the Cloisters like
text: Manic stretcher-bearers. Hana is with them, checking on The
text: Patient who bounces uncomfortably. He is nervous, a little
text: giddy, but laughing. He tries to say something.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: What's he saying?
speaker_heading: BANA
dialog: He’s saying it’s wonderful.
text: The rain buckets down as they circle the pond, Hana’s umbrella
text: threatening to lift her into the air.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. NIGHT
scene_heading: A VICTORY CELEBRATION PARTY.
text: The gramophone plays. Kip sits in the window, the shutter open,
text: the village lit up behind his head, nodding to the music,
text: sucking out of his condensed milk. Elsewhere there is an open
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: bottle of cognac, some wine. The Patient has a beaker of wine.
text: Caravaggio is dancing with Hana.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Kip - come and dance with us.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: (a sly wobble of the
dialog: head)
dialog: Later.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Oh, come on.
text: The Patient watches, his head nodding to the music.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Yeah!
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE. NIGHT
text: A tiny PIAZZA where the Sappers and the Villagers are having
text: their own, more raucous, Victory Feste. There are accordions,
text: there’s dancing, and there’s HARDY, stripped to some exotic
text: underpants, clambering up the STATUE OF A FIRST ~ WORLD - WAR
text: SOLDIER IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FOUNTAIN. It's currently sporting
text: a German Helmet and Hardy has a British replacement in his
text: hands. He also has a UNION JACK FLAG between his teeth. He's
text: extremely drunk and extremely happy.
text: The rest of the Bomb Squad and the other party-goers roar their
dialog: approval.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Hana and Caravaggio are still dancing.
text: There's a muffled thud in the distance. Kip’s ears prick up. He
text: glances for an instant out of the window.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (anxious, of the
dialog: noise)
dialog: What was that?
text: She is spinning with Caravaggio. When she comes around again,
text: Kip has gone.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE SQUARE, ITALY 1945. NIGHT
text: Kip’s motorbike skids into the tiny PIAZZA.
text: A MILITARY AMBULANCE IS ALREADY THERE. The shattered fountain,
text: the sluiced flagstones, shining wet and slick, give some clues
text: as to what's happened, as do the elderly standing in the
text: shadows, the distressed girls, arm in arm. ONE GIRL, young and
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: quite striking, is particularly inconsolable, her grief sobbed
text: out at the doors of the ambulance.
text: SPALDING salutes Kip, who waves his salute away, just wanting
dialog: to know what happened.
speaker_heading: SPALDING
dialog: Booby trap. Sergeant Hardy
dialog: was running up the Union
dialog: Jack, sir, up off that statue
dialog: - it just went off, sir.
speaker_heading: DADE
dialog: Sergeant Hardy climbed up,
dialog: sir, just for a lark. Should
dialog: have been me, it was my idea.
text: Kip goes to the ambulance. Spalding tries to stop him.
speaker_heading: SPALDING
dialog: Sir - you don't want to look.
text: Kip steps into the back of the ambulance, bends over both
text: bodies, does look, then comes out, past the weeping girl.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: Who‘s that girl?
speaker_heading: DADE
dialog: His fiancee, sir.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Hardy's?
speaker_heading: DADE
dialog: He kept it a bit dark.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STABLES. LATE DAY
text: Hana approaches. Kip is inside the stable, the door latched. He
text: sits, impassively, still shocked, as Hana tries to make
dialog: contact.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Kip. Kip. It’s me. I’m 80
dialog: sorry about what happened.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Can I talk to you?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Why won’t you talk to me?
dialog: I don't understand. Let me
dialog: come in.
text: She kicks at the door in her frustration. Kip doesn’t move,
text: doesn't appear to hear.
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Please, Kip, please!
text: Kip doesn’t respond. Hana is at a loss.
scene_heading: INT. PATIENT'S ROOM. EVENING
text: The Patient listens as Hana comes back into the monastery,
text: climbs the stone steps to her room. He doesn’t know what's
text: happening. Feels desperately isolated.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Hana? Hana?
scene_heading: INT. HANA’S ROOM. EVENING
text: Later, and Hana sits in her room, despondent, lost in her
text: thoughts. Then she is distracted by conversation in The
text: Patient's room below.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. NIGHT
text: The Patient’s eyes open to see Caravaggio at the morphine.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Hana tells me you’re leaving.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: (preparing the
dialog: injection)
dialog: There's going to be trials,
dialog: they want me to interpret,
dialog: don’t they know I’m allergic
dialog: to courtrooms?
text: He delivers the injection into The Patient’s arm. The Patient
text: sighs. Caravaggio takes off his jacket. A pistol is stuck in
text: his waistband, and he places it ominously on the altar. The
text: Patient sees it.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: So, I come across the
dialog: Hospital Convoy -
dialog: (holds up the syringe)
dialog: - I'm looking for this stuff,
dialog: and this nurse, Mary, tells
dialog: me about you and Hana, hiding
dialog: in some monastery, in -
dialog: retreat -
dialog: (he administers his
dialog: own injection, using
text: his teeth to grip the
dialog: sleeve)
dialog: - how you came out of the
dialog: Desert and you were burned
dialog: and you didn’t remember your
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO (cont’d)
dialog: name but you knew the words to
dialog: every song that ever was and
dialog: you had one possession - a
dialog: copy of Herodotus - and it was
text: filled with letters and
dialog: cuttings and then I knew it
dialog: was you.
text: (he glares at The
dialog: Patient)
dialog: I saw you writing in that
dialog: book. At the Embassy in
dialog: Cairo, when I had thumbs and
dialog: you had a face and a name.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: T see.
text: Upstairs, sitting on her bed, Hana listens with increasing
dialog: concern.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Before you went over to the
dialog: Germans, before you got
dialog: Rommel’s spy across the
dialog: desert and inside British
dialog: Headquarters. He took some
dialog: pretty good photographs - I
dialog: saw mine in that torture room
dialog: in Tobruk, so - they made an
dialog: impression.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I had to get back to the
dialog: desert. I made a promise. The
dialog: rest meant nothing to me.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: The rest meant nothing to me.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: There was a result to what you
dialog: did. It wasn’t just another
dialog: expedition.
dialog: (holds up hands)
dialog: It did this. If the British
dialog: hadn‘t unearthed that
dialog: photographer, thousands of
dialog: people could have died.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Thousands of people did die,
dialog: just different people.
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Yes, like Madox?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: You know he shot himself -
dialog: your best friend? When he
dialog: found out your were a spy.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: No. Madox thought I was a spy?
dialog: No. No. I was never a spy.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP AT THE CAVE OF SWIMMERS. 1939. DAY
text: The Expedition Team is packing up the Base Camp. Madox and
text: Almasy are walking together towards the plateau where FOUAD, AL
text: AUF, and others work at the cars.
speaker_heading: MADOX
text: It’s ghastly, it's like a
dialog: witch hunt - anybody remotely
text: foreign is suddenly a spy, 50
dialog: watch out.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: We didn’t care about
dialog: countries. Did we? Brits,
dialog: Arabs, Hungarians, Germans.
dialog: None of that mattered, did
dialog: it? It was something finer
dialog: than that.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Yes. It was.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: When's Clifton picking you
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: ALMASY |
dialog: Tomorrow afternoon. Don’t
dialog: worry, I'1l be ready.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: I‘11l leave the plane in Kufra
dialog: Oasis. So if you need
dialog: it...hard to know how long
dialog: one’s talking about. We might
dialog: all be back in a month or two.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Madox kneels and takes A HANDFUL OF SAND, puts it into his
text: pocket. Almasy puts out a hand. This is a moment of great
text: emotional weight for them both, conducted as if nothing were
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: I have to teach myself not to
dialog: read too much into everything.
dialog: Comes of too long having to
dialog: read so much into hardly
dialog: anything at all.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Goodbye, my friend.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: May God make safety your
dialog: companion.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (a tradition)
dialog: There is no God.
dialog: {smiles)
dialog: But I hope someone looks
dialog: after you.
text: Madox clambers up the hill, then remembers something, jabs at
text: his throat.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: In case you're still
dialog: wondering - this is called
dialog: the suprasternal notch.
text: Almasy nods.
speaker_heading: MADOX
dialog: Come and visit us in Dorset.
dialog: When all this nonsense is
dialog: over.
text: (then shrugs, thick
dialog: with feeling)
dialog: You’11 never come to Dorset.
text: Almasy watches Madox leave.
scene_heading: INT. PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY
text: The Patient is still digesting the news of Madox’s suicide.
text: Caravaggio is a little surprised at his response.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: You didn’t know Madox killed
dialog: himself? And you didn't kill
dialog: the Cliftons?
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: No. No.
dialog: (now he is overwhelmed
dialog: by the pain of his
dialog: memory )
dialog: She...she ...
text: (then suddenly he’s
dialog: clear)
dialog: Well, maybe I did. Maybe I
dialog: did.
text: Unseen to either of them Hana listens, full of emotion, as the
text: story unfolds.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP AT THE CAVE OF SWIMMERS. 1939. DAY
text: Almasy sits on a ridge transferring map information from his
text: Herodotus onto a sheet of paper. He looks up at the sound of
text: Clifton’s approaching Steerman. It passes fast and horribly
text: close to his head.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT (0/S)
dialog: I was packing up the Base Camp
text: at the Cave of Swimmers.
dialog: Clifton had arranged to fly
dialog: down from Cairo to collect
dialog: me. He flew like a madman, 80
dialog: I didn’t take much notice...
text: Clifton is flying towards the landing strip. From the air it's
text: possible to make out Almasy scrambling down from the ridge
text: towards where stones indicate a landing area, carrying the last
text: of the materials from the Cave of Swimmers.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP AT THE CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DAY
text: Almasy watches as the plane drops toward him, shielding his
text: eyes against the sun. He stoops to gather up his luggage.
text: Almasy looks up to see the plane swerve, now suddenly HEADING
text: STRAIGHT TOWARDS HIM. He's completely vulnerable, nowhere to
text: run. He dives at the ground. THE PLANE SMASHES AGAINST AN
text: INVISIBLE RIDGE AND TURNS OVER AND OVER, the wings snapping off
text: like twigs as it hurtles past the prostrate Almasy. He gets to
text: his feet and starts to run towards the wreckage.
text: A blue line of smoke is uncoiling from the plane, but no fire.
text: Almasy pulls away the debris to find GEOFFREY - SLUMPED, NECK
text: BROKEN, BLOODY. He tries to move him, and in the process
text: reveals, to his ABSOLUTE horror, KATHARINE, STARING GRIMLY
text: AHEAD, UNABLE TO MOVE. He's frantic.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Katharine! Oh dear God,
dialog: Katharine - what are you
dialog: doing here?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (eyes rolling, an
dialog: incredible weariness)
text: I can’t get out. I can’t move.
text: Almasy starts to pull at the wreck around her. DURING THIS -
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: ‘A surprise’ he said.
dialog: (she can hardly talk)
dialog: Poor Geoffrey. He knew. He
dialog: must have known all the time.
dialog: He was shouting - “I love you,
dialog: Katharine, I love you 80
dialog: much.” Is he badly hurt?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I have to get you out.
text: Almasy pute his arms around Katharine to try and pull her
text: clear. She can‘t stand the pain.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Please don’t move me.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I have to get you out.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: It hurts too much.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (can’t bear to hurt
dialog: her) .
dialog: I know, darling, I’m sorry.
text: He pulls - hard - the pain from which causes Katharine to gasp,
text: then pass out. He lifts her gently into his arms and carries
text: her from the danger of the place.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DAY
text: Almasy has WRAPPED KATHARINE IN THE SILK FOLDS OF HER PARACHUTE
text: and emerges from near the familiar cleft in the rock,
text: struggling with the exertion of the climb as they approach the
text: Cave of Swimmers. He has a large water bottle slung around his
text: neck and a haversack, and is loaded like a pack horse.
text: Katharine opens her eyes.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Why did you hate me?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Don't you know you drove
dialog: everybody mad?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Shhhh. Don’t talk.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: You speak so many bloody
dialog: languages and you never want
dialog: to talk.
text: They stagger on. He suddenly notices a stain of gold at her
text: neck. It’s saffron, leaking from a silver THIMBLE which hangs
text: from a black ribbon.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: You're wearing the thimble.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Of course. You idiot. I
dialog: always wear it. I’ve always
dialog: worn it. I’ve always loved
dialog: you.
text: Almasy CRIES as he walks - huge sobs, no words - convulsed with
text: the pain of it. They approach the Cave.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DAY
text: Almasy comes through in shadows, carrying Katharine, blocking
text: out the light that pours into the entrance of the cave. Once
text: inside, he sets her down incredibly gently, makes a bed of
text: blankets and the parachute. He turns on his flashlight.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: It’s so cold.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I know. I‘m sorry. I’11 make a
dialog: fire.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. TORCHLIGHT
text: As he makes the fire, the light sends his shadow flitting
text: across the walis.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Did you get Geoffrey from the
dialog: plane?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (as he works)
dialog: Listen to me, Katharine.
dialog: You’ve broken your ankle and
dialog: I'm going to have to try
dialog: and bind it. I think you’ve
dialog: also broken your wrist - and
dialog: maybe some ribs, which is why
dialog: it's hurting you to breathe.
dialog: I’m going to have to walk to
dialog: £1 Taj. Although given ail
dialog: the traffic in the desert
dialog: these days I’m bound to bump
dialog: into one army or another. And
dialog: then I‘1l be back and you'll
dialog: be fine.
text: The fire is lit and he comes over to her, kneels beside her.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Do you promise? I wouldn't
dialog: want to die here. I don’t
dialog: want to die in the desert.
dialog: I’ve always had rather an
dialog: elaborate funeral in mind,
dialog: with particular hymns. Very
dialog: English. And I know exactly
dialog: where I want to be buried. In
dialog: our garden. Where I grew up.
text: With a view of the sea. So
dialog: promise me you’11 come back
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I promise I’11 come back. I
dialog: promise I'll never leave you.
dialog: Now, you have plenty of water
dialog: and food.
text: He kisses her tenderly. Pulls out his HERODOTUS and lays it
text: beside her. Then he puts down the FLASHLIGHT.
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: And a good read.
dialog: (of the flashlight
dialog: battery)
dialog: Don't waste this.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (clouds over)
dialog: Will you bury Geoffrey? I
dialog: know he’s dead.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: I'm sorry, Katharine.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: I know.
text: He's tearing strips from the parachute with his knife.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Every night I cut out my heart
dialog: but in the morning it was full
dialog: again.
text: He leans over her, desperately worried for her. She smiles.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE
dialog: Darling. My darling.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DAWN
text: Almasy’s walking. He’s singing to keep awake. Darktown
dialog: Strutter’s Ball. - ’I'11 be down to get you in the taxi,
dialog: honey...’
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. NIGHT
text: Almasy trudges on.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT (0/S)
dialog: I stopped at noon and at
dialog: twilight. ‘Three days there’,
dialog: I told her, ‘then three hours
dialog: back by car. Don't go
dialog: anywhere. I’1l be back.
dialog: I‘1l be back’.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT. DUSK
text: Almasy continues, his journey taking him through miles of
text: undulating dunes.
scene_heading: EXT. EL TAJ. DAY
text: Finally Almasy arrives at the outskirts of El Taj. He staggers
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: towards this ancient Trading Post. A Brtish Sentry watches his
text: approach with interest.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE AT EL TAJ. DAY.
text: The Sentry, a CORPORAL, brings Almasy into a square. A young
text: OFFICER sits at a table in the shadows of his office. His STAFF
text: CAR is parked in the shade.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Good morning!
dialog: (the Corporal has a
text: water bottle, hands it
dialog: to Almasy)
dialog: So, golly, where have you
dialog: come from?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (gulping the water,
dialog: trying to summon his
dialog: thoughts)
dialog: There’s been an accident. I
dialog: need a doctor - to come with
dialog: me. And I need to borrow this
dialog: ear. I’1l pay, of course, and
dialog: I need, I need morphine and -
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: May I see your papers, sir?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: If I could just see some form
dialog: of identification?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (brain racing)
dialog: I’m sorry, I’m not making
dialog: sense, forgive me, I‘ve been
dialog: walking, I’ve - there’s a
dialog: woman badly injured at
dialog: Gilf Kebir, in the Cave of
dialog: Swimmers. I am a member of the
dialog: Royal Geographical Society.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Right. Now, if I could just
dialog: take your name.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (trying to control his
dialog: feelings)
dialog: Count Laszlo de Almasy.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The Officer is writing this down. A glance at his Corporal.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Almasy - would you mind
dialog: spelling that? What
dialog: nationality would that be?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Look, listen to me. A woman is
dialog: dying - my wife! - is dying. I
dialog: have been walking for three
dialog: days! I do not want to spell
dialog: my name, I want you to give me
dialog: this car!
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (writing)
dialog: I understand you are agitated
dialog: - perhaps if you’d like to
dialog: sit down I could radio back to
dialog: HQ - ?
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: No! No! Don’t radio anybody,
dialog: just, just give me the
dialog: fucking car!
text: Almasy sets on the Officer, hauling him by the lapels, but then
text: immediately loses his balance. As he stumbles up he gets the
text: stock of the Corporal's RIFLE Across his head, KNOCKING HIM TO
text: THE GROUND.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. TORCHLIGHT
text: Katharine has been writing in the Herodotus. The torchlight
text: FLICKERS as it illuminates some words - ‘Drag myself outside’
text: is legible, then ‘We die, we die’ - She shakes the torch. It
text: FLICKERS again. Then goes out. Absolute BLACKNESS. The sound of
text: her trembling breath, of her terror.
scene_heading: EXT. EL TAJ STREET. DAY
text: Almasy, head pounding, is in the back of the jeep, chained to
text: . the tailgate. He’s desperate. The Corporal is driving.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: (shouting, hoarse)
dialog: Stop the car. Please. A woman
dialog: is dying!
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Listen, Fritz, if I have to
dialog: listen to another word from
dialog: you I'm going to give you a
dialog: fucking good hiding.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Fritz? What are you talking
dialog: about? Fritz?
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: That’s your name innit? Count
dialog: Fucking Arsehole Von
dialog: Bismarck? What’s that
dialog: supposed to be then, Irish?
text: Almasy, berserk, starts to yank at his chains, screaming.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Please! You have to listen!
dialog: please, listen to me -
dialog: Katharine! Katharine!
scene_heading: EXT. A TRAIN, THE DESERT. DUSK
text: A TRAIN scuttles through the desert.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN, THE DESERT. DUSK
text: Almasy is HANDCUFFED to the metal grille of the goods
text: compartment. He’s lying down among a bunch of other prisoners
text: and their little bundles of possessions in this makeshift cell
dialog: - some Arabs, some Italians.
text: AA SERGEANT pushes a lavatory-bound prisoner along the corridor,
text: leaving behind A YOUNG PRIVATE who sits on a packing case, with
text: a rifle across his lap, reading a Penguin edition of Gullivers
text: Travels. Almasy is in complete despair to be on the train. He
text: tries to move, but he’s locked tight to the grille. He rattles
text: the cuffs against the metal.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: (the Soldier looks up)
dialog: I also need to use the
text: lavatory.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: You'll have to wait.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: It’s urgent.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: (calls up the
dialog: corridor)
dialog: Sarge! Jerry wants to use the
dialog: lav - says it’s urgent.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Where are we going, please?
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
text: Up North, to the coast.
dialog: Benghazi. Soon be there. Get
dialog: you a boat back home.
text: Almasy can’t bear this news. fhe SERGEANT returns, considers
dialog: the request.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Go on then - you take him.
dialog: I’ve been up and down this
dialog: bloody train all day.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CORRIDOR, THE DESERT. DAY
text: The Soldier pushes Almasy along the corridor. They arrive
text: outside the lavatory. The Soldier is distracted for a split
text: second. Enough for Almasy to ELBOW HIM savagely in the stomach,
text: winding him, before battering his with his fists. He wraps his
text: cuffs around the Soldier’s neck and - yanking them together and
text: twisting - proceeds to strangle the young soldier.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN, THE DESERT. EVENING
text: Almasy clambers over the guardrail and leaps off, tumbling into
text: the desert sunset.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY TRACK, THE DESERT. EVENING
text: Almasy, silhouetted against the evening sky, hobbles back down
text: the track, THREE HUNDRED MILES AWAY from the dying Katharine
text: Clifton, no way now of saving her. He is a tiny speck in the
text: vast desert. His heart broken. He sinks to his knees in
dialog: despair.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. NIGHT
text: The Patient is exhausted. He has said aloud what has tortured
text: him. His failure to save Katharine. He looks at Caravaggio.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: So yes. She died because of
dialog: me. Because I loved her.
dialog: Because I had the wrong name.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: And you never got back to the
dialog: cave?
scene_heading: EXT. KUFRA OASIS. DAY
text: Almasy is uncovering the tarpaulin which has been protecting
text: Madox’s TIGER MOTH. Around him are German soldiers, two of whom
text: are bringing cans of gasoline towards the plane.
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT (0/S)
dialog: I did get back. I kept my
dialog: promise. I was assisted by
dialog: the Germans. I had our
dialog: expedition maps. And after
dialog: the British made me their
dialog: enemy, I gave their enemy our
dialog: maps.
text: Almasy carries a mapcase and hands it over to the German
text: officer, who salutes him and walks toward his car. Almasy turns
text: to the plane, rips off a sign Madox has pinned to a wing. It
text: reads SEE YOU IN DORSET.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT (0/S)
dialog: So I got back to the desert
dialog: and to Katharine in Madox‘s
dialog: English plane with German
dialog: gasoline. When I arrived in
dialog: Italy, on my medical chart,
dialog: they wrote ‘English Patient’
dialog: Isn’t that funny, after all
dialog: that I became English.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. DAY
text: Caravaggio is looking out the window, his mind racing, his
text: resolve evaporating.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: You get to the morning and the
text: poison leaks away, doesn’t
dialog: it? Black nights. I thought I
dialog: would kill you.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: You can’t kill me. I died
dialog: years ago.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: No, I can’t kill you now.
text: Above them, in her room, Hana stands, having heard it all, the
text: whole story; the whole puzzle finally in place.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY. APPROACHING DAWN
text: Kip has pulled out all of Hardy’s gear. Now he starts on the
text: tent, kicking at the pegs, collapsing it. Hana comes out into
text: the garden, to join him. She says nothing.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: We've been posted. North of
dialog: Florence.
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Now he's trying to fold a shirt. Hana takes it from him. She
dialog: folds it.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I was thinking yesterday -
dialog: yesterday! - the Patient, and
dialog: Hardy: they’re everything
dialog: that’s good about England. I
dialog: couldn't even say what that
dialog: was. We didn’t exchange two
dialog: personal words, and we've
dialog: been together through some
dialog: terrible things, some
dialog: terrible things.
dialog: {still incredulous)
dialog: He was engaged to a girl in
dialog: the village! - I mean -
dialog: (looks at Hana)
dialog: ~- and us - he never once... He
dialog: didn’t ask me if I could spin
dialog: the ball at cricket or the
dialog: Kama Sutra or - I don’t even
dialog: know what I'm talking about.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: You loved him.
scene_heading: EXT. (NEAR THE) BASE CAMP AT THE CAVE OF SWIMMERS. 1942. DAY
text: The familiar cleft in the rocks. The Tiger Moth lands.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. TORCHLIGHT
text: A flashlight flickers in the cave. ALMASY APPEARS.
text: KATHARINE’S CORPSE lies where he left her - a ghost on a bed of
text: silk and blankets. The chill of the cave has preserved her. She
dialog: could be asleep.
speaker_heading: ALMASY
dialog: Katharine.
text: He sobs, whispering to her. He's terribly cold, exhausted. He
text: slips underneath the covers to be next to her, and closes his
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. MORNING
text: Hana sits with the English Patient - the room shuttered against
text: the morning light. His breathing is noticeably worsening,a
text: shudder of a breath, the shallow rise and fall of his chest
text: hardly perceptible. Hana frets, touches his wrist, feeling for
dialog: the pulse.
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: I’m still here.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: You'd better be.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Don’t depend on it. Will you?
dialog: That little bit of air, in my
dialog: lungs, each day gets less and
dialog: less, which is all right,
dialog: which is quite all right.
dialog: I’ve been speaking to
dialog: Caravaggio, my research
dialog: assistant. He tells me
dialog: there’s a ghost in the
dialog: cloisters. I can join him.
text: Hana is distracted by the sound of Kip’s motorbike.
speaker_heading: KIP (o/s)
dialog: (distant)
dialog: Hana.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: It's the boy.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONASTERY. DAY
text: Kip sits on the motorbike, waiting for Hana. She goes to him,
text: stands, fastens the top button of his coat. You feel she might
text: just climb on the seat behind him. But she doesn’t. Neither of
dialog: them can think what to say.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I’1l always go back to that
dialog: church. Look at my painting.
speaker_heading: KIP
dialog: I‘11 always go back to that
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: So one day we’1l meet.
text: Be nods, winds up the throttle, and is gone. Hana walks back to
text: the Patient's room.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY
text: Hana picks up the hypodermic to prepare his injection. She
text: takes a vial. The Patient is watching her. He reaches out and
text: pushes two more vials toward her. Their eyes meet, then he
text: shovels another, then all of them. She looks at him. It’s a
dialog: massive lethal dose.
dialog: 101
dialog: i
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Hana decides, starts to prepare the injection, her eyes filling
text: with tears. The Patient nods, smiles, whispers.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Thank you.
text: she holds the loaded syringe up to the light. She's sobbing
text: violently. The Patient’s expression is full of peace.
speaker_heading: THE PATIENT
dialog: Read to me, will you? Read me
dialog: to sleep.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. DAY
text: Hana lies beside The English Patient. She has the Herodotus and
text: is reading to him from the passage Katharine had written as she
text: waited for him in the Cave of Swimmers.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ‘My darling, I’m waiting for
dialog: you. How long is a day in the
dialog: dark? or a week? The fire is
dialog: gone now and I’m horribly
dialog: cold.’
text: The reading continues, but sometimes it's Katharine’s own voice
dialog: that’s heard.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: ‘I really ought to drag
dialog: myself outside - but then
dialog: there would be the sun. I’m
dialog: afraid I waste the light on
dialog: the paintings and on writing
dialog: these words. We die, we die
dialog: rich with lovers and tribes,
dialog: tastes we have swallowed...
dialog: bodies we have entered and
dialog: swum up like rivers, fears we
dialog: have hidden in like this
dialog: wretched cave...’
scene_heading: INT. THE CAVE OF SWIMMERS. TORCHLIGHT
text: Almasy smudges Katharine’s pale face with saffron from the
text: thimble. He presses his cheek to hers, smoothes her hair, with
text: incredible tenderness.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE (0/S)
dialog: «..I want all this marked on
dialog: my body. We are the real
dialog: countries, not the boundaries
text: drawn on maps with the names
dialog: of powerful men...
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE OF SWIMMERS. DAY
text: Almasy comes out of the cave, carrying the bundle of Katharine
text: in his arms, wrapped in the silks of her parachute. He's
text: shuddering in the throes of his grief, but there’s no sound.
speaker_heading: KATHARINE (0/5)
dialog: «e. I know you will come and
dialog: carry me out into the palace
dialog: of winds...That's all I’ve
dialog: wanted - to walk in such a
dialog: place with you, with friends,
text: an earth without maps.
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY
text: The Patient is slipping away a8 Hana reads the last of
dialog: Katharine’s message.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: ‘The lamp’s gone out...and
dialog: I'm writing in the darkness.‘
text: She looks up from the book. His eyes roll, his preathing
text: quiets, then stops.
scene_heading: EXT. LANE OUTSIDE THE MONASTERY GARDEN. DAY
text: Caravaggio is at the gate to the Monastery. A TRUCK isp waiting
text: with him. A family sits in the back of the truck. Caravaggio
text: stands with a young woman. He shouts into the garden.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Hana!
scene_heading: INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. DAY
text: Hana lingers in the empty room. fhe mattress stripped bare. No
dialog: sign of their stay-
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO (0/8)
dialog: Hana, come on! Hana!
text: Hana makes to leave, then sees the Herodotus lying on the
text: pedside cabinet, and scoops it up.
scene_heading: EXT. LANE OUTSIDE MONASTERY GARDEN. DAY
text: Hana comes out to the truck, carrying the small bundle of her
text: belongings. Caravaggio makes some introductions, beginning with
text: the woman driver, Gioia. She and Caravaggio amile like lovers.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: Hana - this is Gioia.
text: Gioia smiles, shakes Hana’s hand.
dialog: 103
dialog: 
dialog: ft
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: Buon giorno.
speaker_heading: CARAVAGGIO
dialog: She‘1l take you as far as
dialog: Florence.
speaker_heading: HANA
dialog: I can get in the back.
text: And she clambers Up, sits down between the children. They
text: exchange some small stiff, shy smiles, and then the truck
text: bounces away. Hana takes one final look at the Monastery as it
text: disappears around the bend and then turns and confronts the
text: life insisting noisily in the truck.
scene_heading: INT. TIGER MOTH. DAY
text: INSIDE THE COCKPIT : {HE COUPLE AS AT THE FRONT OF THE FILM.
text: Almasy, obliterated by goggles and helmet, Katharine ahead of
text: him, slumped forward as if sleeping.
text: The plane banks over the dark ravines of the Gilf Kebir, and
text: then suddenly, the rocks have gone, giving way to the earth
text: without maps - the desert - stretching out for mile after mile.
text: Almasy, the English Patient, looks down on it.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 104
dialog: 
