dialog: 
text: The Apartment script by Billy Wilder & I.A.L. Diamond
dialog: <!--
dialog: if (window!= top)
dialog: top.location.href=location.href
dialog: // -->
speaker_heading: THE APARTMENT
dialog: by
dialog: Billy Wilder and I.A.L. Diamond
speaker_heading: THE APARTMENT
scene_heading: A DESK COMPUTER
text: A man's hand is punching out a series of figures on the
dialog: keyboard.
speaker_heading: BUD (V.O.)
dialog: On November first, 1959, the
dialog: population of New York City was
dialog: 8,042,783. if you laid all these
dialog: people end to end, figuring an
dialog: average height of five feet six and
dialog: a half inches, they would reach
dialog: from Times Square to the outskirts
dialog: of Karachi, Pakistan. I know facts
dialog: like this because I work for an
dialog: insurance company --
scene_heading: THE INSURANCE BUILDING - A WET, FALL DAY
text: It's a big mother, covering a square block in lower
text: Manhattan, all glass and aluminum, jutting into the leaden
dialog: sky.
speaker_heading: BUD (V.O.)
dialog: -- Consolidated Life of New York.
dialog: We are one of the top five companies
dialog: in the country -- last year we
dialog: wrote nine-point-three billion
dialog: dollars worth of policies. Our
dialog: home office has 31,259 employees --
dialog: which is more than the entire
dialog: population of Natchez, Mississippi,
dialog: of Gallup, New Mexico.
scene_heading: INT. NINETEENTH FLOOR
text: Acres of gray steel desk, gray steel filing cabinets, and
text: steel-gray faces under indirect light. One wall is lined
text: with glass-enclosed cubicles for the supervisory personnel.
text: It is all very neat, antiseptic, impersonal. The only human
text: tough is supplied by a bank of IBM machines, clacking away
text: cheerfully in the background.
speaker_heading: BUD (V.O.)
dialog: I work on the nineteenth floor --
dialog: Ordinary Policy Department -
dialog: Premium Accounting Division -
dialog: Section W -- desk number 861.
speaker_heading: DESK 861
text: Like every other desk, it has a small name plate attached to
text: the side. This one reads C.C. BAXTER.
speaker_heading: BUD (V.O.)
dialog: My name is C.C. Baxter - C. for
dialog: Calvin, C. for Clifford -- however,
dialog: most people call me Bud. I've been
dialog: with Consolidated Life for three
dialog: years and ten months. I started in
dialog: the branch office in Cincinnati,
dialog: then transferred to New York. My
dialog: take-home pay is $94.70 a week, and
dialog: there are the usual fringe benefits.
text: BAXTER is about thirty, serious, hard-working, unobtrusive.
text: He wears a Brooks Brothers type suit, which he bought
text: somewhere on Seventh Avenue, upstairs. There is a stack of
text: perforated premium cards in front of him, and he is totaling
text: them on the computing machine. He looks off.
scene_heading: ELECTRIC WALL CLOCK
text: It shows 5:19. With a click, the minute hand jumps to 5:20,
text: and a piercing bell goes off.
speaker_heading: BUD (V.O.)
dialog: The hours in our department are
dialog: 8:50 to 5:20 --
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - OFFICE
text: Instantly all work stops. Papers are being put away,
text: typewriters and computing machines are covered, and everybody
text: starts clearing out. Within ten seconds, the place is
text: empty -- except for Bud Baxter, still bent over his work,
text: marooned in a sea of abandoned desks.
speaker_heading: BUD (V.O.)
dialog: -- they're staggered by floors, so
dialog: that sixteen elevators can handle
dialog: the 31,259 employees without a
dialog: serious traffic jam. As for
dialog: myself, I very often stay on at the
dialog: office and work for an extra hour
dialog: or two -- especially when the
dialog: weather is bad. It's not that I'm
dialog: overly ambitious -- it's just a way
dialog: of killing time, until it's all
dialog: right for me to go home.
dialog: You see, I have this little problem
dialog: with my apartment --
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: STREET IN THE WEST SIXTIES - EVENING
text: Bud, wearing a weather-beaten Ivy League raincoat and a
text: narrow-brimmed brown hat, comes walking slowly down the
text: street skirting the puddles on the sidewalk. He stops in
text: front of a converted brownstone, looks up.
speaker_heading: BUD (V.O.)
dialog: I live in the West Sixties - just
dialog: half a block from Central Park. My
dialog: rent is $84 a month. It used to be
dialog: eighty until last July when Mrs.
text: Lieberman, the landlady, put in a
text: second-hand air conditioning unit.
text: The windows on the second floor are lit, but the shades are
text: drawn. From inside drifts the sound of cha cha music.
speaker_heading: BUD (V.O.)
dialog: It's a real nice apartment -
dialog: nothing fancy -- but kind of
dialog: cozy -- just right for a bachelor.
dialog: The only problem is - I can't
dialog: always get in when I want to.
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - EVENING
text: What used to be the upstairs parlor of a one-family house in
text: the early 1900's has been chopped up into living room,
text: bedroom, bathroom and kitchen. The wallpaper is faded, the
text: carpets are threadbare, and the upholstered furniture could
text: stand shampooing. There are lots of books, a record player,
text: stacks of records, a television set (21 inches and 24
text: payments), unframed prints from the Museum of Modern Art
text: (Picasso, Braque, Klee) tacked up on the walls.
text: Only one lamp is lit, for mood, and a cha cha record is
text: spinning around on the phonograph. On the coffee table in
text: front of the couch are a couple of cocktail glasses, a
text: pitcher with some martini dregs, an almost empty bottle of
text: vodka, a soup bowl with a few melting ice cubes at the
text: bottom, some potato chips, an ashtray filled with cigar
text: stubs and lipstick-stained cigarette butts, and a woman's
text: handbag.
text: MR. KIRKEBY, a dapper, middle-aged man, stands in front of
text: the mirror above the fake fireplace, buttoning up his vest.
text: He does not notice that the buttons are out of alignment.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (calling off)
dialog: Come on, Sylvia. It's getting late.
text: SYLVIA, a first baseman of a dame, redheaded and saftig,
text: comes cha cha-ing into the room, trying to fasten a necklace
text: as she hums along with the music. She dances amorously up
dialog: to Kirkeby.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Cut it out, Sylvia. We got to get
dialog: out of here.
text: He helps her with the necklace, then turns off the phonograph.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: What's the panic? I'm going to
dialog: have another martooni.
text: She crosses to the coffee table, starts to pour the remnants
text: of the vodka into the pitcher.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Please, Sylvia! It's a quarter to
dialog: nine!
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (dropping slivers of
dialog: ice into the pitcher)
dialog: First you can't wait to get me up
dialog: here, and now -- rush, rush, rush!
dialog: Makes a person feel cheap.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Sylvia -- sweetie -- it's not
dialog: that -- but I promised the guy I'd
dialog: be out of here by eight o'clock,
dialog: positively.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (pouring martini)
dialog: What guy? Whose apartment is this,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: What's the difference? Some
text: schnook that works in the office.
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE HOUSE - EVENING
text: Bud is pacing back and forth, throwing an occasional glance
text: at the lit windows of his apartment. A middle-aged woman
text: with a dog on a leash approaches along the sidewalk.
text: She is MRS. LIEBERMAN, the dog is a Scottie, and they are
text: both wearing raincoats. Seeing them, Bud leans casually
text: against the stoop.
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Good evening, Mrs. Lieberman.
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: Some weather we're having. Must be
dialog: from all the meshugass at Cape
dialog: Canaveral.
dialog: (she is half-way up
dialog: the steps)
dialog: You locked out of your apartment?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, no. Just waiting for a friend.
dialog: Good night, Mrs. Lieberman.
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: Good night, Mr. Baxter.
text: She and the Scottie disappear into the house. Bud resumes
text: pacing, his eyes on the apartment windows. Suddenly he
text: stops -- the lights have gone out.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - EVENING
text: Kirkeby, in coat and hat, stands in the open doorway of the
text: darkened apartment.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Come on -- come on, Sylvia!
text: Sylvia comes cha cha-ing out, wearing an imitation Persian
text: lamb coat, her hat askew on her head, bag, gloves, and an
text: umbrella in her hand.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Some setup you got here. A real,
dialog: honest-to-goodness love nest.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Sssssh.
text: He locks the door, slips the key under the doormat.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (still cha cha-ing)
dialog: You're one button off, Mr. Kirkeby.
text: She points to his exposed vest. Kirkeby looks down, sees
text: that the buttons are out of line. He starts to rebutton
text: them as they move down the narrow, dimly-lit stairs.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: You got to watch those things.
dialog: Wives are getting smarter all the
dialog: time. Take Mr. Bernheim -- in the
dialog: Claims Department -- came home one
dialog: night with lipstick on his shirt --
dialog: told his wife he had a shrimp
dialog: cocktail for lunch -- so she took
dialog: it out to the lab and had it
dialog: analyzed -- so now she has the
dialog: house in Great Neck and the children
dialog: and the new Jaguar --
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Don't you ever stop talking?
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE HOUSE - EVENING
text: Bud, standing on the sidewalk, sees the front door start to
text: open. He moves quickly into the areaway, almost bumping
text: into the ashcans, stands in the shadow of the stoop with his
text: back turned discreetly toward Kirkeby and Sylvia as they
text: come down the steps.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Where do you live?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: I told you -- with my mother.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Where does she live?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: A hundred and seventy-ninth
dialog: street -- the Bronx.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: All right -- I'll take you to the
dialog: subway.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Like hell you will. You'll buy me
text: a cab.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Why do all you dames have to live
dialog: in the Bronx?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: You mean you bring other girls up
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Certainly not. I'm a happily
dialog: married man.
text: They move down the street. Bud appears from the areaway,
text: glances after them, then mounts the steps, goes through the
text: front door.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE - EVENING
text: There are eight mailboxes. Bud opens his, takes out a
text: magazine in a paper wrapper and a few letters, proceeds up
text: the staircase.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - EVENING
text: Bud, glancing through his mail, comes up to the door of his
text: apartment. As he bends down to lift the doormat, the door
text: of the rear apartment opens and MRS. DREYFUSS, a jovial
text: well-fed middle-aged woman, puts out a receptacle full of
text: old papers and empty cans. Bud looks around from his bent
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh. Hello there, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: Something the matter?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I seem to have dropped my key.
dialog: (faking a little search)
dialog: Oh -- here it is.
text: He slides it out from under the mat, straightens up.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: Such a racket I heard in your
dialog: place -- maybe you had burglars.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, you don't have to worry about
dialog: that -- nothing in there that
dialog: anybody would want to steal...
dialog: (unlocking door quickly)
dialog: Good night, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
text: He ducks into the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Bud snaps on the lights, drops the mail and the key on a
text: small table, looks around with distaste at the mess his
text: visitors have left behind. He sniffs the stale air, crosses
text: to the window, pulls up the shade, opens it wide. Now he
text: takes off his hat and raincoat, gathers up the remains of
text: the cocktail party from the coffee table. Loaded down with
text: glasses, pitcher, empty vodka bottle, ice bowl and potato
text: chips, he starts toward the kitchen.
text: The doorbell rings. Bud stops, undecided what to do with
text: the stuff in his hands, then crosses to the hall door,
text: barely manages to get it open. Mr. Kirkeby barges in past
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
text: The little lady forgot her galoshes.
text: He scours the room for the missing galoshes.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mr. Kirkeby, I don't like to
dialog: complain -- but you were supposed
dialog: to be out of here by eight.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: I know, Buddy-boy, I know. But
dialog: those things don't always run on
text: schedule -- like a Greyhound bus.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I don't mind in the summer -- but
dialog: on a rainy night -- and I haven't
dialog: had any dinner yet --
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Sure, sure. Look, kid -- I put in
dialog: a good word for you with Sheldrake,
dialog: in Personnel.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (perking up)
dialog: Mr. Sheldrake?
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: That's right. We were discussing
dialog: our department -- manpower-wise --
dialog: and promotion-wise --
dialog: (finds the galoshes
text: behind a chair)
dialog: -- and I told him what a bright boy
dialog: you were. They're always on the
dialog: lookout for young executives.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (starting toward door)
dialog: You're on your way up, Buddy-boy.
dialog: And you're practically out of liquor.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I know. Mr. Eichelberger -- in the
dialog: Mortgage Loan Department -- last
dialog: night he had a little Halloween
dialog: party here --
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Well, lay in some vodka and some
dialog: vermouth -- and put my name on it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, Mr. Kirkeby. You still owe me
dialog: for the last two bottles --
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: I'll pay you on Friday.
dialog: (in the open doorwaY)
dialog: And whatever happened to those
dialog: little cheese crackers you used to
dialog: have around?
text: He exits, shutting the door.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (making a mental note)
dialog: Cheese crackers.
text: He carries his load into the kitchen.
text: The kitchen is minute and cluttered. On the drainboard are
text: an empty vermouth bottle, some ice-cube trays, a jar with
text: one olive in it, and a crumpled potato-chip bag.
text: Bud comes in, dumps his load on the drainboard, opens the
text: old-fashioned refrigerator. He takes out a frozen chicken
text: dinner, turns the oven on, lights it with a match, rips the
text: protective paper off the aluminum tray and shoves it in.
text: Now he starts to clean up the mess on the drainboard. He
text: rinses the cocktail glasses, is about to empty the martini
text: pitcher into the sink, thinks better of it. He pours the
text: contents into a glass, plops the lone olive out of the jar,
text: scoops up the last handful of potato chips, toasts an
text: imaginary companion, and drinks up. Then he pulls a
text: wastebasket from under the sink.
text: It is brimful of liquor bottles, and Bud adds the empty
text: vodka and vermouth bottles and the olive jar. Picking up
text: the heavy receptacle, he carries it through the living room
text: toward the hall door.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - EVENING
text: The door of Bud's apartment opens, and Bud comes out with
text: the wastebasket full of empty bottles. Just then, DR. DAVID
text: DREYFUSS, whose wife we met earlier, comes trudging up the
text: stairs. He is a tall, heavy-set man of fifty, with a bushy
text: mustache, wearing a bulky overcoat and carrying an aged
dialog: medical bag.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Good evening, Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hi, Doc. Had a late call?
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Yeah. Some clown at Schrafft's
text: 57th Street ate a club sandwich,
text: and forgot to take out the toothpick.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (sets down wastebasket)
dialog: 'Bye, Doc.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (indicating bottles)
dialog: Say, Baxter -- the way you're
dialog: belting that stuff, you must have a
text: pair of cast-iron kidneys.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, that's not me. It's just that
dialog: once in a while, I have some people
dialog: in for a drink.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: As a matter of fact, you must be an
dialog: iron man all around. From what I
dialog: hear through the walls, you got
dialog: something going for you every night.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm sorry if it gets noisy --
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Sometimes, there's a twi-night
dialog: double-header.
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: A nebbish like you!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Yeah. Well -- see you, Doc.
dialog: (starts to back
dialog: through door)
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: You know, Baxter -- I'm doing some
dialog: research at the Columbia Medical
dialog: Center -- and I wonder if you could
dialog: do us a favor?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Me?
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: When you make out your will -- and
dialog: the way you're going, you should --
dialog: would you mind leaving your body to
dialog: the University?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: My body? I'm afraid you guys would
dialog: be disappointed. Good night, Doc.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Slow down, kid.
text: He starts into the rear apartment as Bud closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Bud, loosening his tie, goes into the kitchen, opens the
text: oven, turns off the gas. He takes a coke out of the
text: refrigerator, uncaps it, gets a knife and fork from a
text: drawer, and using his handkerchief as a potholder, pulls the
text: hot aluminum tray out of the oven. He carries everything
text: out into the living room.
text: In the living room, Bud sets his dinner down on the coffee
text: table, settles himself on the couch. He rears up as
text: something stabs him, reaches under his buttocks, pulls out a
text: hairpin. He drops it into an ashtray, tackles his dinner.
text: Without even looking, he reaches over to the end table and
text: presses the remote TV station-selector. He takes a sip from
text: the coke bottle, his eyes on the TV screen across the room.
text: The picture on the TV set jells quickly. Against a
text: background of crisscrossing searchlights, a pompous announcer
text: is making his spiel.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: -- from the world's greatest
dialog: library of film classics, we
dialog: proudly present --
dialog: (fanfare)
dialog: Greta Garbo -- John Barrymore --
dialog: Joan Crawford -- Wallace Beery --
dialog: and Lionel Barrymore in --
dialog: (fanfare)
scene_heading: GRAND HOTEL!
text: There is an extended fanfare. Bud leans forward, chewing
text: excitedly on a chicken leg.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: But first, a word from our sponsor.
dialog: If you smoke the modern way, don't
dialog: be fooled by phony filter claims --
text: Bud, still eating, automatically reaches for the station-
text: selector, pushes the button.
text: A new channel pops on. It features a Western -- Cockamamie
text: Indians are attacking a stagecoach.
text: That's not for Bud. He switches to another station. In a
text: frontier saloon, Gower Street cowboys are dismantling the
text: furniture and each other.
text: Bud wearily changes channels. But he can't get away from
text: Westerns -- on this station, the U.S. Cavalry is riding to
dialog: the rescue. Will they get there in time?
text: Bud doesn't wait to find out. He switches channels again,
text: and is back where he started.
text: On the screen, once more, is the announcer standing in front
text: of the crisscrossing searchlights.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: And now, Grand Hotel -- starring
dialog: Greta Garbo, John Barrymore, Joan
dialog: Crawford --
dialog: (Bud is all eyes and
dialog: ears again)
dialog: -- Wallace Beery, and Lionel
dialog: Barrymore. But first -- a word
dialog: from our alternate sponsor.
dialog: (unctuously)
dialog: Friends, do you have wobbly
dialog: dentures -- ?
text: That does it. Bud turns the set off in disgust.
text: The TV screen blacks out, except for a small pinpoint of
text: light in the center, which gradually fades away.
text: In the bathroom, Bud, in pajamas by now, is brushing his
text: teeth. From the shower rod hang three pairs of socks on
text: stretchers. Bud takes a vial from the medicine shelf,
text: shakes out a sleeping pill, washes it down with a glass of
text: water. He turns the light off, walks into the bedroom.
text: In the bedroom, the single bed is made, and the lamp on the
text: night table is on. Bud plugs in the electric blanket, turns
text: the dial on. Then he climbs into bed, props up the pillow
text: behind him. From the night table, he picks up the magazine
text: that arrived in the mail, slides it out of the wrapper,
text: opens it. It's the new issue of PLAYBOY. Bud leafs through
text: it till he comes to the piece de resistance of the magazine.
text: He unfolds the overleaf, glances at it casually, refolds it,
text: then turns to the back of the magazine and starts to read.
text: What he is so avidly interested in is the men's fashion
text: section. There is a layout titled WHAT THE YOUNG EXECUTIVE
text: WILL WEAR with a sub-head reading The Bowler is Back.
text: Illustrating the article are several photographs of male
text: models wearing various styles of bowlers.
text: Bud is definitely in the market for a bowler, but somehow
text: his mind starts wandering. He turns back to the overleaf
text: again, unfolds it, studies it, then holds the magazine up
dialog: vertically to get a different perspective on the subject.
text: By now the sleeping pill is beginning to take effect, and he
text: yawns. He drops the magazine on the floor, kills the light,
text: settles down to sleep. The room is dark except for the glow
text: from the dial of the electric blanket.
text: Three seconds. Then the phone jangles shrilly in the living
text: room. Bud stumbles groggily out of bed, and putting on his
text: slippers, makes his way into the living room. He switches
text: on the light, picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hello? -- Hello? -- yes, this is
dialog: Baxter.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH IN A MANHATTAN BAR - NIGHT
text: On the night is a hearty man of about forty-five, nothing
text: gut personality, most of it obnoxious. His name is DOBISCH.
text: Outside the booth is a blonde babe, slightly boozed, and
text: beyond there is a suggestion of the packed, smoky joint.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Hiya, Buddy-boy. I'm in this bar
dialog: on Sixty-first Street -- and I got
dialog: to thinking about you -- and I
dialog: figured I'd give you a little buzz.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, that's very nice of you --
dialog: but who is this?
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Dobisch -- Joe Dobisch, in
dialog: Administration.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (snapping to attention)
dialog: Oh, yes, Mr. Dobisch. I didn't
dialog: recognize your voice --
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: That's okay, Buddy-boy. Now like I
dialog: was saying, I'm in this joint on
dialog: Sixty-first -- and I think I got
dialog: lucky --
dialog: (glances toward blonde)
dialog: -- she's a skater with the Ice
dialog: Show --
dialog: (he chuckles)
dialog: -- and I thought maybe I could
dialog: bring her up for a quiet drink.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Dobisch. You know I
dialog: like to help you guys out -- but
dialog: it's sort of late -- so why don't
dialog: we make it some other time?
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Buddy-boy -- she won't keep that
dialog: long -- not even on ice. Listen,
dialog: kid, I can't pass this up -- she
text: looks like Marilyn Monroe.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I don't care if it is Marilyn
dialog: Monroe -- I'm already in bed -- and
dialog: I've taken a sleeping pill -- so
dialog: I'm afraid the answer is no.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: (pulling rank)
dialog: Look, Baxter -- we're making out
dialog: the monthly efficiency rating --
dialog: and I'm putting you in the top ten.
dialog: Now you don't want to louse yourself
dialog: up, do you?
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Of course not. But -- how can I be
dialog: efficient in the office if I don't
dialog: get enough sleep at night?
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: It's only eleven -- and I just want
text: the place for forty-five minutes.
text: The blonde opens the door of the phone booth, leans in.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: I'm getting lonely. Who are you
dialog: talking to, anyway?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: My mother.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: That's sweet. That's real sweet.
text: Dobisch shuts the door in her face.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: (into phone again)
dialog: Make it thirty minutes. What do
dialog: you say, Bud?
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (a last stand)
dialog: I'm all out of liquor -- and
dialog: there's no clean glasses -- no
dialog: cheese crackers -- no nothing.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Let me worry about that. Just
dialog: leave the key under the mat and
dialog: clear out.
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone; resigned)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Dobisch.
text: He hangs up, shuffles back into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: Anything you say, Mr. Dobisch -- no
dialog: trouble at all, Mr. Dobisch -- be
dialog: my guest --
text: He reappears from the bedroom, pulling his trousers on over
text: his pajama pants.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: -- We never close at Buddy-boy's --
dialog: looks like Marilyn Monroe --
dialog: (he chuckles a la Dobisch)
text: Putting on his raincoat and hat, Bud opens the hall door,
text: takes the key from the table, shoves it under the doormat.
text: His eyes fall on the Dreyfuss apartment, and there is some
text: concern on his face. He picks up a pad and pencil from the
text: table, prints something in block letters. Tearing off the
text: top sheet, he impales it on the spindle of the phonograph,
text: then walks out, closing the door behind him. The note reads:
text: NOT TOO LOUD
text: THE NEIGHBORS ARE COMPLAINING
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Bud comes out the door, in slippered feet, pants and raincoat
text: over his pajamas. As he sleep-walks down the steps, a cab
text: pulls up in front of the house. Bud ducks discreetly into
text: the areaway. Mr. Dobisch, bareheaded, emerges cautiously
text: from the cab. Between the fingers of his hands he is
text: carrying four long-stemmed glasses, brimful of stingers.
text: The blonde steps out, holding his hat.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: This the place?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (to cab driver)
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Seventy cents.
text: Dobisch, his hands full of stingers, turns to the blonde,
text: indicates his pants pocket.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Get the money, will you?
text: The blonde plants the hat on top of his head, unbuttons his
text: overcoat, reaches into his pants pocket. As she does so,
text: she jogs his elbow.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Watch those stingers!
text: The blonde has taken out Dobisch's money clip, with about a
text: hundred dollars in it.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Give him a buck.
text: The blonde peels a bill off, hands it to the cabbie, hangs
text: on to the rest of the roll just a second too long.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Now put it back, honey.
dialog: (she does)
dialog: Atta girl.
text: The cab drives off. Dobisch and the blonde start up the
text: steps to the house.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: You sure this is a good idea?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Can't think of a better one.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: (holding door open
dialog: for him)
dialog: I mean - barging in on your
dialog: mother -- in the middle of the night?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
text: (edging past her with stingers)
dialog: Don't worry about the old lady.
text: One squawk from her, and she's out
dialog: of a job.
text: In the areaway, Bud has overheard them, and it doesn't make
text: him any happier. He steps out on the sidewalk, shuffles
text: down the street.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - NIGHT
text: The blonde and Dobisch, his hands full of stingers, come up
text: to Bud's door.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Get the key, will you.
text: Automatically, she reaches into his pocket.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
text: Not there. Under the mat.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Under the mat?
dialog: (picks up key)
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Open up, open up -- we haven't got
dialog: all night.
text: The blonde unlocks the door to the apartment, opens it.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: So this is your mother's apartment?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: That's right. Maria Ouspenskaya.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: (sticking her head in)
dialog: Hiya, Ouspenskaya.
text: Dobisch nudges her inside with his knee, kicks the door shut
text: behind him.
text: The landing is empty for a second. Then the door of the
text: rear apartment opens, and Dr. Dreyfuss, in a beaten bathrobe,
text: sets out a couple of empty milk bottles with a note in them.
text: Suddenly, from Bud's apartment, comes a shrill female giggle.
text: Dr. Dreyfuss reacts. Then the cha cha music starts full
dialog: blast.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (calling to his wife,
dialog: off-screen)
text: Mildred -- he's at it again.
text: Shaking his head, he closes the door.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - NIGHT
text: Bud, in raincoat and slippered feet, turns in off the
text: street, plods along a path in the deserted park. He stops
text: at a damp bench under a lamp post, sits. In the background,
text: lights shine from the towering buildings on Central Park
dialog: South.
text: Bud huddles inside his raincoat, shivering. He is very
text: sleepy by now. His eyes close and his head droops. A gust
text: of wind sends wet leaves swirling across the bench. Bud
text: doesn't stir. He is all in.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY INSURANCE BUILDING - DAY
text: It's a quarter to nine of a gray November morning, and work-
text: bound employees are piling in through the doors. Among them
text: is Bud, bundled up in a raincoat, hat, heavy muffler and
text: wool gloves, and carrying a box of Kleenex. He coughs,
text: pulls out a tissue, wipes his dripping nose. He has a bad
dialog: cold.
text: The lobby is an imposing, marbled affair, as befits a
dialog: company which last year wrote 9.3 billion dollars worth of
text: insurance. There are sixteen elevators, eight of them
text: marked LOCAL - FLOORS 1-18, and opposite them eight marked
scene_heading: EXPRESS - FLOORS 18-37. The starter, a uniformed Valkyrie
text: wielding a clicker, is directing the flow of traffic into
text: the various elevators.
text: Bud joins the crowd in front of one of the express elevators.
text: Also standing there is Mr. Kirkeby, reading the Herald-
dialog: Tribune.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (hoarsely)
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Kirkeby.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (as if he just knew
dialog: him vaguely)
dialog: Oh, how are you, Baxter. They
dialog: keeping you busy these days?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, sir. They are indeed.
dialog: (he sniffs)
text: The elevator doors open, revealing the operator. She is in
text: her middle twenties and her name is FRAN KUBELIK. Maybe
text: it's the way she's put together, maybe it's her face, or
dialog: maybe it's just the uniform -- in any case, there is
text: something very appealing about her. She is also an
text: individualist -- she wears a carnation in her lapel, which
text: is strictly against regulations. As the elevator loads, she
text: greets the passengers cheerfully.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (rattling it off)
dialog: Morning, Mr. Kessel -- Morning,
dialog: Miss Robinson -- Morning, Mr.
dialog: Kirkeby -- Morning, Mr. Williams --
dialog: Morning, Miss Livingston -- Morning,
dialog: Mr. McKellway -- Morning, Mr.
dialog: Pirelli -- Morning, Mrs. Schubert --
text: Interspersed is an occasional "Morning, Miss Kubelik" from
dialog: the passengers.
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: Morning, Mr. Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Morning, Miss Kubelik.
text: He takes his hat off -- he is the only one. The express is
text: now loaded.
speaker_heading: STARTER
dialog: (working the clicker)
dialog: That's all. Take it away.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (shutting the door)
dialog: Watch the door, please. Blasting
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR
text: Bud is standing right next to Fran as the packed express
text: shoots up.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (studying her)
dialog: What did you do to your hair?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: It was making me nervous, so I
dialog: chopped it off. Big mistake, huh?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I sort of like it.
text: He sniffs, takes out a Kleenex, wipes his nose.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Say, you got a lulu.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah. I better not get too close.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Oh, I never catch colds.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Really? I was looking at some
dialog: figures from the Sickness and
dialog: Accident Claims Division -- do you
dialog: know that the average New Yorker
dialog: between the ages of twenty and
dialog: fifty has two and a half colds a
dialog: year?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: That makes me feel just terrible.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Well, to make the figures come out
dialog: even -- since I have no colds a
dialog: year -- some poor slob must have
dialog: five colds a year.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's me.
dialog: (dabs his nose)
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You should have stayed in bed this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I should have stayed in bed last
dialog: night.
text: The elevator has slowed down, now stops. Fran opens the door.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Nineteen. Watch your step.
text: About a third of the passengers get out, including Bud and
text: Mr. Kirkeby. As Kirkeby passes Fran, he slaps her behind
text: with his folded newspaper. Fran jumps slightly.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (all in the day's work)
dialog: And watch your hand, Mr. Kirkeby!
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: One of these days I'm going to shut
dialog: those doors on you and --
text: She withdraws her hand into the sleeve of her uniform, and
text: waves the "amputated" arm at him.
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: Twenty next.
text: The doors close.
scene_heading: INT. NINETEENTH FLOOR - DAY
text: Kirkeby turns away from the elevator, and grinning smugly,
text: falls in beside Bud.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: That Kubelik -- boy! Would I like
text: to get her on a slow elevator to
dialog: China.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, yes. She's the best operator
text: in the building.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: I'm a pretty good operator myself --
dialog: but she just won't give me a
dialog: tumble -- date-wise.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Maybe you're using the wrong
dialog: approach.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: A lot of guys around here have
dialog: tried it -- all kinds of
dialog: approaches -- no dice. What is she
dialog: trying to prove?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Could be she's just a nice,
dialog: respectable girl -- there are
dialog: millions of them.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Listen to him. Little Lord
dialog: Fauntleroy!
text: Leaving Bud at the employees' coat-racks, Kirkeby heads
text: toward his office, one of the glass-enclosed cubicles. Bud
text: hangs up his hat and raincoat, stows away the gloves and
text: muffler. Out of his coat pocket he takes a plastic anti-
text: histamine sprayer and a box of cough drops, and still
text: carrying the Kleenex, threads his way to his desk. Most of
text: the desks are already occupied, and the others are filling
dialog: rapidly.
text: Once seated at his desk, Bud arranges his medicaments neatly
text: in front of him. He takes a Kleenex out of the box, blows
text: his nose, then leaning back in his swivel chair sprays first
text: one nostril, then the other. Suddenly the piercing bell goes
dialog: off -- the workday has begun. Being the ultra-conscientious
text: type, Bud instantly sits upright in his chair, removes the
text: cover from his computing machine, picks up a batch of
text: perforated premium cards, starts entering figures on his
dialog: computer.
text: After a few seconds, he glances around to make sure that
text: everybody in the vicinity is busy. Then he looks up a number
text: in the company telephone directory, dials furtively.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: (cupping hand over
dialog: phone mouthpiece)
dialog: Hello, Mr. Dobisch? This is Baxter,
text: on the nineteenth floor.
scene_heading: INT. DOBISCH'S OFFICE - DAY
text: It is a glass-enclosed cubicle on the twenty-first floor.
text: Through the glass we see another enormous layout of desks,
text: everybody working away. Dobisch is holding the phone in one
text: hand, running an electric shaver over his face with the other.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Oh, Buddy-boy. I was just about to
dialog: call you.
dialog: (shuts off electric shaver)
dialog: I'm sorry about that mess on the
dialog: living room wall. You see, my
dialog: little friend, she kept insisting
dialog: Picasso was a bum -- so she started
dialog: to do that mural -- but I'm sure it
dialog: will wash off -- just eyebrow pencil.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's not Picasso I'm calling about.
dialog: It's the key -- to my apartment --
dialog: you were supposed to leave it under
dialog: the mat.
scene_heading: DOBISCH - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: I did, didn't I? I distinctly
dialog: remember bending over and putting
dialog: it there --
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, I found a key there, all
dialog: right -- only it's the wrong key.
scene_heading: DOBISCH - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: It is?
dialog: (takes Bud's key out
dialog: of his pocket)
dialog: Well, how about that? No wonder I
dialog: couldn't get into the executive
dialog: washroom this morning.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: And I couldn't get into my
dialog: apartment -- so at four a. m. I had
dialog: to wake up the landlady and give
dialog: her a whole song and dance about
dialog: going out to mail a letter and the
text: door slamming shut.
scene_heading: DOBISCH - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: That's a shame. I'll send the key
dialog: right down. And about your
dialog: promotion --
dialog: (leafs through report
dialog: on desk)
dialog: -- I'm sending that efficiency
dialog: report right up to Mr. Sheldrake,
dialog: in Personnel. I wouldn't be
dialog: surprised if you heard from him
text: before the day is over.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Dobisch.
text: He hangs up, feels his forehead. It is warm. Clipped to his
text: handkerchief pocket are a black fountain pen and, next to
text: it, a thermometer in a black case. Bud unclips the
text: thermometer case, unscrews the cap, shakes the thermometer
text: out, puts it under his tongue. He resumes work.
text: A messenger comes up to his desk with an interoffice envelope.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: From Mr. Dobisch.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (thermometer in mouth)
dialog: Wait.
text: He turns away from the messenger, unties the string of the
text: envelope, takes his key out, puts it in a coat pocket. From
text: a trouser pocket, he extracts Dobisch's key to the executive
text: washroom, slips it discreetly into the envelope, reties it,
text: hands it to the messenger.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (thermometer in mouth)
dialog: To Mr. Dobisch.
text: Puzzled by the whole procedure, the messenger leaves. Bud
text: now removes the thermometer from his mouth, reads it. It's
text: worse than he thought. He puts the thermometer back in the
text: case, clips it to his pocket, takes his desk calendar out of
text: a drawer, turns a leaf. Under the date WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4
text: there is an entry in his handwriting -- MR. VANDERHOF. Bud
text: consults the telephone directory again, picks up the phone,
text: dials.
scene_heading: INT. VANDERHOF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: This is another glass-enclosed cubicle on another floor. MR.
text: VANDERHOF, a Junior Chamber of Commerce type, is dictating
text: to an elderly secretary who sits across the desk from him.
speaker_heading: VANDERHOF
dialog: Dear Mr. MacIntosh --
dialog: (phone rings and he
dialog: picks it up)
dialog: Vanderhof, Public Relations. Oh,
dialog: yes, Baxter. Just a minute.
dialog: (to secretary)
dialog: All right, Miss Finch -- type up
dialog: what we got so far.
text: (he waits till she is
text: out of the office;
dialog: then, into phone)
dialog: Now what is it, Baxter?
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Look, Mr. Vanderhof -- I've got you
dialog: down here for tonight -- but I'm
dialog: going to be using the place
dialog: myself -- so I'll have to cancel.
scene_heading: VANDERHOF - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: VANDERHOF
dialog: Cancel? But it's her birthday -- I
dialog: already ordered the cake --
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I hate to disappoint you -- I mean,
dialog: many happy returns -- but not
dialog: tonight --
scene_heading: VANDERHOF - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: VANDERHOF
dialog: That's not like you, Baxter. Just
text: the other day, at the staff meeting,
dialog: I was telling Mr. Sheldrake what a
dialog: reliable man you were.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Vanderhof. But I'm
dialog: sick -- I have this terrible
dialog: cold -- and a fever -- and I got to
dialog: go to bed right after work.
scene_heading: VANDERHOF - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: VANDERHOF
dialog: Buddy-boy, that's the worst thing
dialog: you can do. If you got a cold, you
dialog: should go to a Turkish bath --
dialog: spend the night there -- sweat it
dialog: out --
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, no. I'd get pneumonia -- and if
dialog: I got pneumonia, I'd be in bed for
dialog: a month -- and if I were in bed for
dialog: a month --
scene_heading: VANDERHOF - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: VANDERHOF
dialog: Okay, you made your point. We'll
dialog: just have to do it next Wednesday --
dialog: that's the only night of the week I
dialog: can get away.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Wednesday -- Wednesday --
dialog: (leafing through calendar)
dialog: I got somebody penciled in -- let
dialog: me see what I can do -- I'll get
dialog: back to you.
text: He hangs up, riffles through the directory, finds the
text: number, and with a furtive look around, dials again.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mr. Eichelberger? Is this Mortgage
dialog: and Loan? I'd like to speak to Mr.
dialog: Eichelberger. Yes, it is urgent.
scene_heading: INT. EICHELBERGER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Also glass-enclosed, but slightly larger than the others. MR.
text: EICHELBERGER, a solid citizen of about fifty, is displaying
text: some mortgage graphs to three associates. A fourth one has
dialog: answered the phone.
speaker_heading: ASSOCIATE
dialog: (holding out phone to Eichelberger)
dialog: For you, Mel.
text: Eichelberger puts the charts down, takes the phone.
speaker_heading: EIGHELBERGER
dialog: Eichelberger here -- oh, yes,
dialog: Baxter --
dialog: (a glance at his
dialog: associates; then
text: continues, as though
dialog: it were a business call)
dialog: What's your problem? -- Wednesday
dialog: is out? -- oh -- that throws a
dialog: little monkey wrench into my
dialog: agenda -- Thursday? No, I'm all
dialog: tied up on Thursday -- let's
dialog: schedule that meeting for Friday.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Friday?
dialog: (checks calendar)
dialog: Let me see what I can do. I'll get
dialog: back to you.
text: He hangs up, consults the directory, starts to dial a number.
scene_heading: INT. KIRKEBY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: It's another of those glass-enclosed cubicles, on the
text: nineteenth floor. Kirkeby is talking into a dictaphone.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Premium-wise and billing-wise, we
dialog: are eighteen percent ahead of last
dialog: year, October-wise.
text: The phone has been ringing. Kirkeby switches off the machine,
text: picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Hello? Yeah, Baxter. What's up?
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Instead of Friday -- could you
dialog: possibly switch to Thursday? You'd
dialog: be doing me a great favor --
scene_heading: KIRKEBY - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Well -- it's all right with me, Bud.
dialog: Let me check. I'll get back to you.
text: He presses down the button on the cradle, dials Operator.
scene_heading: INT. SWITCHBOARD ROOM
text: There is a double switchboard in the center, with nine girls
text: on each side, all busy as beavers. In the foreground we
text: recognize Sylvia, Kirkeby's date of last night.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Consolidated Life -- I'll connect
dialog: you -- Consolidated Life --
text: The girl next to her turns and holds out a line.
scene_heading: SWITCHBOARD GIRL
dialog: Sylvia -- it's for you.
text: Sylvia plugs the call into her own switchboard.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Yes? Oh, hello -- sure I got home
dialog: all right -- you owe me forty-five
dialog: cents.
scene_heading: KIRKEBY - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Okay, okay. Look, Sylvia -- instead
dialog: of Friday - could we make it
dialog: Thursday night?
scene_heading: SYLVIA - AT SWITCHBOARD
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Thursday? That's The Untouchables --
dialog: with Bob Stack.
scene_heading: KIRKEBY - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Bob WHO? -- all right, so we'll
dialog: watch it at the apartment. Big deal.
text: (he hangs up, dials)
dialog: Baxter? It's okay for Thursday.
scene_heading: INT. NINETEENTH FLOOR - DAY
text: Bud, at his desk, is on the phone.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby.
text: (hangs up, consults
dialog: directory, dials)
dialog: Mr. Eichelberger? It's okay for
dialog: Friday.
text: (hangs up, consults
dialog: directory, dials)
dialog: Mr. Vanderhof? It's okay for
dialog: Wednesday.
text: During this, the phone has rung at the next desk, and the
text: occupant, MR. MOFFETT, has picked it up. As Bud hangs up --
speaker_heading: MOFFETT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: All right -- I'll tell him.
text: (hangs up, turns to Bud)
dialog: Hey, Baxter -- that was Personnel.
text: Mr. Sheldrake's secretary.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sheldrake?
speaker_heading: MOFFETT
dialog: She's been trying to reach you for
dialog: the last twenty minutes. They want
dialog: you up stairs.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh!
text: He jumps up, stuffs the nose-spray into one pocket, a
text: handful of Kleenex into the other.
speaker_heading: MOFFETT
dialog: What gives, Baxter? You getting
dialog: promoted or getting fired?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (cockily)
dialog: Care to make a small wager?
speaker_heading: MOFFETT
dialog: I've been here twice as long as you
dialog: have --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Shall we say -- a dollar?
speaker_heading: MOFFETT
dialog: It's a bet.
text: Bud snake-hips between the desks like a broken-field runner.
text: At the elevator, Bud presses the UP button, paces nervously.
text: One of the elevator doors opens, and as Bud starts inside,
text: the doors of the adjoining elevator open, and Fran Kubelik
text: sticks her head out.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Going up?
text: Hearing her voice, Bud throws a quick "Excuse me" to the
text: other operator, exits quickly and steps into Fran's elevator.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Twenty-seven, please. And drive
dialog: carefully. You're carrying precious
dialog: cargo -- I mean, manpower-wise.
text: Fran shuts the doors.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Fran presses a button, and the elevator starts up.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Twenty-seven.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You may not realize it, Miss
dialog: Kubelik, but I'm in the top ten --
dialog: efficiency-wise and this may be the
dialog: day -- promotion-wise.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You're beginning to sound like Mr.
dialog: Kirkeby already.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Why not? Now that they're kicking
dialog: me upstairs --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
dialog: (Bud beams)
dialog: You know, you're the only one
dialog: around here who ever takes his hat
text: off in the elevator.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: The characters you meet. Something
dialog: happens to men in elevators. Must
dialog: be the change of altitude -- the
text: blood rushes to their head, or
dialog: something -- boy, I could tell you
dialog: stories --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'd love to hear them. Maybe we
dialog: could have lunch in the cafeteria
dialog: sometime -- or some evening, after
dialog: work --
text: The elevator has stopped, and Fran opens the doors.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Twenty-seven.
scene_heading: INT. TWENTY-SEVENTH FLOOR FOYER - DAY
text: It is pretty plush up here -- soft carpeting and tall
text: mahogany doors leading to the executive offices. The elevator
text: door is open, and Bud steps out.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I hope everything goes all right.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I hope so.
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: Wouldn't you know they'd call me on
dialog: a day like this -- with my cold and
dialog: everything --
dialog: (fumbling with his tie)
dialog: How do I look?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Fine.
dialog: (stepping out of elevator)
dialog: Wait.
text: She takes the carnation out of her lapel, starts to put it
text: in Bud's buttonhole.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thank you. That's the first thing I
dialog: ever noticed about you -- when you
dialog: were still on the local elevator --
dialog: you always wore a flower --
text: The elevator buzzer is now sounding insistently. Fran steps
text: back inside.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Good luck. And wipe your nose.
text: She shuts the doors. Bud looks after her, then takes a
text: Kleenex out of his pocket, and wiping his nose, crosses to a
text: glass door marked J. D. SHELDRAKE, DIRECTOR OF PERSONNEL. He
text: stashes the used Kleenex away in another pocket, enters.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S ANTEROOM - DAY
text: It is a sedate office with a secretary and a couple of
text: typists. The secretary's name is MISS OLSEN. She is in her
text: thirties, flaxen- haired, handsome, wears harlequin glasses,
text: and has an incisive manner. Bud comes up to her desk.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: C. C. Baxter -- Ordinary Premium
dialog: Accounting -- Mr. Sheldrake called
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: I called you -- that is, I tried to
dialog: call you -- for twenty minutes.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm sorry, I --
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: Go on in.
text: She indicates the door leading to the inner office. Bud
text: squares his shoulders and starts in.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Mr. Sheldrake is a $14,000 a year man, and rates a four-
dialog: window office.
text: It is not quite an executive suite, but it is several pegs
text: above the glass cubicles of the middle echelon. There is
text: lots of leather, and a large desk behind which sits MR.
text: SHELDRAKE. He is a substantial looking, authoritative man in
text: his middle forties, a pillar of his suburban community, a
text: blood donor and a family man. The latter is attested to by a
text: framed photograph showing two boys, aged 8 and 10, in
dialog: military school uniforms.
text: As Baxter comes through the door, Sheldrake is leafing
text: through Dobisch's efficiency report. He looks up at Bud
text: through a pair of heavy-rimmed reading glasses.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Baxter?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (studying him)
dialog: I was sort of wondering what you
dialog: looked like. Sit down.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.
text: He seats himself on the very edge of the leather armchair
text: facing Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Been hearing some very nice things
dialog: about you -- here's a report from
dialog: Mr. Dobisch -- loyal, cooperative,
dialog: resourceful --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mr. Dobisch said that?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: And Mr. Kirkeby tells me that
dialog: several nights a week you work late
text: at the office -- without overtime.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (modestly)
dialog: Well, you know how it is -- things
dialog: pile up.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Mr. Vanderhof, in Public Relations,
text: and Mr. Eichelberger, in Mortgage
dialog: and Loan -- they'd both like to
dialog: have you transferred to their
dialog: departments.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's very flattering.
text: Sheldrake puts the report down, takes off his glasses, leans
text: across the desk toward Bud.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Tell me, Baxter -- just what is it
dialog: that makes you so popular?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Think.
text: Bud does so. For a moment, he is a picture of intense
dialog: concentration. Then --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Would you mind repeating the
dialog: question?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Look, Baxter, I'm not stupid. I
dialog: know everything that goes on in
dialog: this building -- in every
dialog: department -- on every floor --
dialog: every day of the year.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (in a very small voice)
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (rises, starts pacing)
dialog: In 1957, we had an employee here,
dialog: name of Fowler. He was very popular,
dialog: too. Turned out he was running a
dialog: bookie joint right in the Actuarial
text: Department tying up the switchboard,
dialog: figuring the odds on our I.B.M.
dialog: machines -- so the day before the
dialog: Kentucky Derby, I called in the
dialog: Vice Squad and we raided the
dialog: thirteenth floor.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (worried)
dialog: The Vice Squad?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: That's right, Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What -- what's that got to do with
dialog: me? I'm not running any bookie joint.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: What kind of joint are you running?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: There's a certain key floating
dialog: around the office -- from Kirkeby
dialog: to Vanderhof to Eichelberger to
dialog: Dobisch -- it's the key to a
dialog: certain apartment -- and you know
dialog: who that apartment belongs to?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Loyal, cooperative, resourceful C.
dialog: C. Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Are you going to deny it?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, sir. I'm not going to deny it.
dialog: But if you'd just let me explain --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You better.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (a deep breath)
dialog: Well, about six months ago -- I was
dialog: going to night school, taking this
dialog: course in Advanced Accounting --
dialog: and one of the guys in our
dialog: department -- he lives in Jersey --
dialog: he was going to a banquet at the
dialog: Biltmore -- his wife was meeting
dialog: him in town, and he needed someplace
dialog: to change into a tuxedo -- so I
dialog: gave him the key and word must
dialog: have gotten around -- because the
dialog: next thing I knew, all sorts of
dialog: guys were suddenly going to
dialog: banquets -- and when you give the
dialog: key to one guy, you can't say no to
dialog: another and the whole thing got out
dialog: of hand -- pardon me.
text: He whips out the nasal-spray, administers a couple of quick
text: squirts up each nostril.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Baxter, an insurance company is
dialog: founded on public trust. Any
text: employee who conducts himself in a
dialog: manner unbecoming --
dialog: (shifting into a new gear)
dialog: How many charter members are there
dialog: in this little club of yours?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Just those four -- out of a total
dialog: of 31,259 -- so actually, we can be
dialog: very proud of our personnel --
dialog: percentage-wise.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: That's not the point. Four rotten
dialog: apples in a barrel -- no matter how
dialog: large the barrel -- you realize
dialog: that if this ever leaked out --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, it won't. Believe me. And it's
dialog: not going to happen again. From now
dialog: on, nobody is going to use my
dialog: apartment --
text: In his vehemence he squeezes the spray bottle, which squirts
text: all over the desk.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Where is your apartment?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: West 67th Street. You have no idea
dialog: what I've been going through --
text: with the neighbors and the landlady
dialog: and the liquor and the key --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: How do you work it with the key?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, usually I slip it to them in
text: the office and they leave it under
dialog: the mat -- but never again -- I can
dialog: promise you that --
text: The phone buzzer sounds, and Sheldrake picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Yes, Miss Olsen.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S ANTEROOM - DAY
text: Miss Olsen is on the phone.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: Mrs. Sheldrake returning your
dialog: call -- on two --
text: She presses a button down, starts to hang the phone up,
text: glances around to see if the typists are watching, then
text: raises the receiver to her ear and eavesdrops on the
dialog: conversation.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sheldrake is talking into the phone.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Yes, dear -- I called you earlier --
dialog: where were you? Oh, you took Tommy
dialog: to the dentist --
text: During this, Bud has risen from his chair, started inching
text: toward the door.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: Where are you going, Baxter?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, I don't want to intrude --
dialog: and I thought -- since it's all
dialog: straightened out anyway --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I'm not through with you yet.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: The reason I called is -- I won't
dialog: be home for dinner tonight. The
dialog: branch manager from Kansas City is
dialog: in town -- I'm taking him to the
dialog: theatre Music Man, what else? No,
dialog: don't wait up for me -- 'bye,
dialog: darling.
text: (hangs up, turns to Bud)
dialog: Tell me something, Baxter -- have
dialog: you seen Music Man?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Not yet. But I hear it's one swell
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: How would you like to go tonight?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You mean -- you and me? I thought
dialog: you were taking the branch manager
dialog: from Kansas City --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I made other plans. You can have
dialog: both tickets.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, that's very kind of you --
dialog: only I'm not feeling well -- you
dialog: see, I have this cold -- and I
dialog: thought I'd go straight home.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Baxter, you're not reading me. I
dialog: told you I have plans.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: So do I -- I'm going to take four
dialog: aspirins and get into bed -- so you
dialog: better give the tickets to somebody
dialog: else --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I'm not just giving those tickets,
dialog: Baxter -- I want to swap them.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Swap them? For what?
text: Sheldrake picks up the Dobisch reports, puts on his glasses,
text: turns a page.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: It also says here -- that you are
dialog: alert, astute, and quite
dialog: imaginative --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh?
dialog: (the dawn is breaking)
dialog: Oh!
text: He reaches into his coat pocket, fishes out a handful of
text: Kleenex, and then finally the key to his apartment. He holds
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: This?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: That's good thinking, Baxter. Next
dialog: month there's going to be a shift
dialog: in personnel around here -- and as
dialog: far as I'm concerned, you're
dialog: executive material.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I am?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Now put down the key --
text: (pushing a pad toward him)
dialog: -- and put down the address.
text: Bud lays the key on the desk, unclips what he thinks is his
text: fountain pen, uncaps it, starts writing on the pad.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's on the second floor - my name
dialog: is not on the door -- it just says
dialog: 2A --
text: Suddenly he realizes that he has been trying to write the
text: address with the thermometer.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh -- terribly sorry. It's that
dialog: cold --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Relax, Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: He has replaced the thermometer with the fountain pen, and
text: is scribbling the address.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You'll be careful with the record
dialog: player, won't you? And about the
dialog: liquor -- I ordered some this
dialog: morning -- but I'm not sure when
dialog: they'll deliver it --
text: He has finished writing the address, shoves the pad over to
dialog: Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Now remember, Baxter -- this is
dialog: going to be our little secret.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, of course.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You know how people talk.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, you don't have to worry --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Not that I have anything to hide.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, no sir. Certainly not. Anyway,
dialog: it's none of my business -- four
dialog: apples, five apples -- what's the
dialog: difference -- percentage-wise?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (holding out the tickets)
dialog: Here you are, Baxter. Have a nice
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You too, sir.
text: Clutching the tickets, he backs out of the office.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY INSURANCE BUILDING - EVENING
text: It is about 6:30, and the building has pretty well emptied
text: out by now. Bud, in raincoat and hat, is leaning against one
text: of the marble pillars beyond the elevators. His raincoat is
text: unbuttoned, and Fran's carnation is still in his lapel. He
text: is looking off expectantly toward a door marked EMPLOYEES'
scene_heading: LOUNGE - WOMEN.
text: Some of the female employees are emerging, dressed for the
text: street. Among them are Sylvia and her colleague from the
text: switchboard.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: So I figure, a man in his position,
dialog: he's going to take me to 21 and El
dialog: Morocco -- instead, he takes me to
dialog: Hamburg Heaven and some schnook's
dialog: apartment --
text: They pass Bud without paying any attention to him. Bud has
text: heard the crack, and looks after Sylvia, a little hurt. Then
text: he glances back toward the door of the lounge, as it opens
text: and Fran Kubelik comes out. She is wearing a wool coat over
text: a street dress, no hat.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (passing Bud)
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Good night.
text: She is about three paces beyond him when he suddenly realizes
dialog: who it is.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh -- Miss Kubelik.
text: (he rushes after her,
dialog: taking off his hat)
dialog: I've been waiting for you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You have?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I almost didn't recognize you --
dialog: this is the first time I've ever
dialog: seen you in civilian clothes.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: How'd you make out on the twenty-
dialog: seventh floor?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Great. Look -- have you seen The
dialog: Music Man?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Would you like to?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I thought maybe we could have a
dialog: bite to eat first -- and then --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You mean tonight?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm sorry, but I can't tonight. I'm
dialog: meeting somebody.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You mean -- like a girl-friend?
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: No. Like a man.
text: She proceeds across the lobby toward the street entrance,
text: Bud following her.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I wasn't trying to be personal --
dialog: it's just that the fellows in the
dialog: office were -- whether you wondering
dialog: about you ever --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Just tell 'em -- now and then.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: This date -- is it just a date --
dialog: or is it something serious?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: It used to be serious -- at least I
dialog: was -- but he wasn't -- so the
dialog: whole thing is more or less kaputt.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, in that case, couldn't you -- ?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm afraid not. I promised to have
dialog: a drink with him -- he's been
dialog: calling me all week --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, I understand.
text: He follows her out through the revolving doors.
scene_heading: EXT. INSURANCE BUILDING - EVENING
text: Fran and Bud come out.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (putting his hat on)
dialog: Well, it was just an idea -- I hate
dialog: to see a ticket go to waste --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (stops)
dialog: What time does the show go on?
speaker_heading: BUD
text: Eight-thirty.
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: (looks at her watch)
dialog: Well -- I could meet you at the
dialog: theatre -- if that's all right.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: All right? That's wonderful! It's
dialog: the Majestic -- 44th Street.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Meet you in the lobby. Okay?
text: Bud nods happily, falls in beside her as she starts down the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You know, I felt so lousy this
dialog: morning -- a hundred and one
dialog: fever -- then my promotion came
dialog: up -- now you and I -- eleventh row
dialog: center -- and you said I should
dialog: have stayed in bed.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: How is your cold?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (high as a kite)
dialog: What cold? And after the show, we
dialog: could go out on the town --
dialog: (does a little cha
dialog: cha step)
dialog: I've been taking from Arthur Murray.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: So I see.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: They got a great little band at El
dialog: Chico, in the Village -- it's
text: practically around the corner from
dialog: where you live.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Sounds good.
dialog: (a sudden thought)
dialog: How do you know where I live?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, I even know who you live
dialog: with -- your sister and brother-in-
dialog: law -- I know when you were born --
dialog: and where -- I know all sorts of
dialog: things about you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: A couple of months ago I looked up
dialog: your card in the group insurance
dialog: file.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I know your height, your weight and
dialog: your Social Security number -- you
dialog: had mumps, you had measles, and you
dialog: had your appendix out.
text: They have now reached the corner, and Fran stops.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Well, don't tell the fellows in the
dialog: office about the appendix. They may
dialog: get the wrong idea how you found
dialog: out.
dialog: (turning the corner)
dialog: 'Bye.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: Eight-thirty!
text: He watches her walk away, an idiot grin on his face. Despite
text: what he told Fran, his nose is stuffed up, so he takes out
text: the anti-histamine and sprays his nostrils. Then, carried
text: away, he squirts some of the stuff on the carnation in his
text: buttonhole, moves off in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET - EVENING
text: Fran comes hurrying along the street. She is late. Her
text: objective is a small Chinese restaurant, with a neon sign
text: reading THE RICKSHAW - COCKTAILS - CANTONESE FOOD. She
text: starts down a flight of steps leading to the entrance.
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: The bar is a long, narrow, dimly-lit room with booths along
text: one side. Beyond a bamboo curtain is the main dining room,
dialog: which does not concern us. The place is decorated in Early
text: Beachcomber style rattan, fish-nets, conch-shells, etc.
text: The help is Chinese. At this early hour, there are only half
text: a dozen customers in the place -- all at the bar except for
text: one man, sitting in the last booth with his back toward
text: camera. At a piano, a Chinese member of Local 808 is
text: improvising mood music.
text: Fran comes through the door, and without looking around,
text: heads straight for the last booth. The bartender nods to
text: her -- they know her there. As she passes the piano player,
text: he gives her a big smile, segues into JEALOUS LOVER.
text: Fran comes up to the man sitting in the last booth.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (a wistful smile)
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Sheldrake.
text: Sheldrake, for that's who it is, looks around nervously to
dialog: make sure no one has heard her.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Please, Fran -- not so loud.
dialog: (he gets up)
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Still afraid somebody may see us
dialog: together?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (reaching for her coat)
dialog: Let me take that.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No, Jeff. I can't stay very long.
text: (sits opposite him,
dialog: with her coat on)
dialog: Can I have a frozen daiquiri?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
text: It's on the way.
dialog: (sits down)
dialog: I see you went ahead and cut your
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You know I liked it better long.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Yes, I know. You want a lock to
dialog: carry in your wallet?
text: A waiter comes up with a tray: two daiquiris, fried shrimp,
text: eggrolls, and a bowl of sauce.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: (showing all his teeth)
dialog: Evening, lady. Nice see you again.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Thank you.
text: The waiter has set everything on the table, leaves.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: How long has it been -- a month?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Six weeks. But who's counting?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I missed you, Fran.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Like old times. Same booth, same
dialog: song --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: It's been hell.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (dipping shrimp)
dialog: -- same sauce -- sweet and sour.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You don't know what it's like --
dialog: standing next to you in that
dialog: elevator, day after day -- Good
dialog: morning, Miss Kubelik -- Good
dialog: night, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm still
dialog: crazy about you, Fran.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (avoiding his eyes)
dialog: Let's not start on that again,
dialog: Jeff -- please. I'm just beginning
dialog: to get over it.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I don't believe you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Look, Jeff -- we had two wonderful
dialog: months this summer -- and that was
dialog: it. Happens all the time -- the
text: wife and kids go away to the
text: country, and the boss has a fling
dialog: with the secretary or the
text: manicurist -- or the elevator girl.
dialog: Comes September, the picnic is
text: over -- goodbye. The kids go back
text: to school, the boss goes back to
dialog: the wife, and the girl --
dialog: (she is barely able
dialog: to control herself)
dialog: They don't make these shrimp like
dialog: they used to.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I never said goodbye, Fran.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (not listening)
dialog: For a while there, you try kidding
dialog: yourself that you're going with an
dialog: unmarried man. Then one day he
text: keeps looking at his watch, and
dialog: asks you if there's any lipstick
text: showing, then rushes off to catch
text: the seven-fourteen to White Plains.
dialog: So you fix yourself a cup of
dialog: instant coffee -- and you sit there
dialog: by yourself -- and you think -- and
text: it all begins to look so ugly --
text: There are tears in her eyes. She breaks off, downs what's
text: left of the daiquiri.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: How do you think I felt -- riding
dialog: home on that seven-fourteen train?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Why do you keep calling me, Jeff?
dialog: What do you want from me?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (taking her hand)
dialog: I want you back, Fran.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (withdrawing her hand)
dialog: Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm full up.
dialog: You'll have to take the next
dialog: elevator.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You're not giving me a chance, Fran.
dialog: I asked you to meet me because -- I
dialog: have something to tell you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Go ahead -- tell me.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (a glance around)
dialog: Not here, Fran. Can't we go some
dialog: place else?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No. I have a date at eight-thirty.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Important?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Not very -- but I'm going to be
dialog: there anyway.
text: She takes out an inexpensive square compact with a fleur de
text: lis pattern on it, opens it, starts to fix her face. The
text: waiter comes up with a couple of menus.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: You ready order dinner now?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No. No dinner.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Bring us two more drinks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAJESTIC THEATRE - EVENING
text: It is 8:25, and there is the usual hectic to-do -- taxis
text: pulling up, people milling around the sidewalk and crowding
text: into the lobby. In the middle of this melee, buffeted by the
text: throng, stands Bud, in raincoat and hat, looking anxiously
dialog: for Fran.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: Fran and Sheldrake, in the booth, are working on the second
text: round of drinks.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Fran -- remember that last weekend
dialog: we had?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Do I. That leaky little boat you
dialog: rented -- and me in a black negligee
dialog: and a life preserver --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Remember what we talked about?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: We talked about a lot of things.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I mean -- about my getting a divorce.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: We didn't talk about it -- you did.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You didn't really believe me, did
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: They got it an a long playing
dialog: record now - Music to String Her
dialog: Along By. My wife doesn't understand
dialog: me -- We haven't gotten along for
dialog: years -- You're the best thing that
dialog: ever happened to me --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: That's enough, Fran.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (going right on)
dialog: Just trust me, baby -- we'll work
dialog: it out somehow --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You're not being funny.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I wasn't trying.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: If you'll just listen to me for a
dialog: minute --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Okay. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I saw my lawyer this morning -- I
dialog: wanted his advice -- about the
dialog: best way to handle it --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Handle what?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: (looking at him for a
dialog: long moment - then)
dialog: Let's get something straight,
dialog: Jeff -- I never asked you to leave
dialog: your wife.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Of course not. You had nothing to
dialog: do with it.
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: (her eyes misting up again)
dialog: Are you sure that's what you want?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I'm sure. If you'll just tell me
dialog: that you still love me --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You know I do.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Fran --
text: He takes her hand, kisses it. The bar has been filling up,
text: and now two couples are seating themselves in a nearby booth.
text: One of the women is Miss Olsen.
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: (pulling her hand
dialog: away gently)
dialog: Jeff -- darling --
text: She indicates the other customers. Sheldrake glances over
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: It is crowding up. Let's get out of
dialog: here.
text: They rise. Sheldrake leaves some money on the table, leads
text: Fran toward the entrance. As they pass Miss Olsen's booth,
text: she turns around slowly, and putting on her glasses, looks
dialog: after them.
text: Sheldrake slips a bill to the piano player, who gives them a
text: big smile, slides into JEALOUS LOVER again. Retrieving his
text: hat and coat from the checkroom girl, Sheldrake steers Fran
text: through the door.
text: Miss Olsen watches them with a cold smile.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - EVENING
text: Fran and Sheldrake come up the steps.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (to a passing cab)
dialog: Taxi!
text: It passes without stopping.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I have that date -- remember?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I love you -- remember?
text: Another taxi approaches. Sheldrake gives a shrill whistle,
text: and it pulls up. He opens the door.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Where are we going, Jeff? Not back
dialog: to that leaky boat --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I promise.
text: He helps her into the cab, takes out of his coat pocket the
text: page from the pad on which Bud wrote the address of the
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (to cab driver)
dialog: 51 West Sixty-Seventh.
text: He gets in beside Fran, shuts the door. As the cab pulls
text: away, through the rear window the two can be seen kissing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAJESTIC THEATRE - EVENING
text: It's 9 o'clock, the lobby is deserted, and standing on the
text: sidewalk all by himself, is Bud. He takes a Kleenex out of
text: his pocket, blows his nose, stuffs the used Kleenex in
text: another pocket. He looks up and down the street, consults
text: his watch, decides to wait just a little longer.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: BAXTER'S DESK CALENDAR
text: The leaves are flipping over. Mr. Sheldrake seems to be
text: using The Apartment regularly -- for the name Sheldrake, in
text: Bud's handwriting, appears on the pages dated Monday,
dialog: November 9, Thursday, November 12, Thursday, November 19,
text: Monday, November 23, and Monday, November 30. Mr. Sheldrake
text: also seems to be Baxter's only customer by now, since the
text: other leaves of the calendar are blank.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. NINETEENTH FLOOR - INSURANCE BUILDING - DAY
text: It is a gloomy December morning, and hundreds of desk-bound
text: employees are bent over their paper-work.
text: Bud Baxter, in raincoat and hat, is clearing out his desk.
text: He has piled everything on his blotter pad -- reference
text: books, papers, a fountain pen set, pencils, paper clips and
text: the calendar. Watching him from the next desk is a
text: dumbfounded Moffett. Bud picks up the blotter pad with his
text: stuff on it, and as he moves past Moffett's desk, Moffett
text: takes out a dollar bill, drops it grudgingly on the loaded
text: pad. Bud flashes him a little grin, continues between the
text: desks toward the row of glass-enclosed offices housing the
dialog: supervisory personnel.
text: He comes up to an unoccupied cubicle. A sign painter is
text: brushing in some new lettering on the glass door -- it reads
text: C. C. BAXTER, Second Administrative Assistant. Bud studies
text: the sign with a good deal of satisfaction.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (to painter)
dialog: Would you mind --?
dialog: (the painter turns around)
dialog: C. C. Baxter -- that's me.
text: With an "Oh, " the painter opens the door for him.
scene_heading: INT. BAXTER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud enters his new office, deposits his stuff on the bare
text: desk, looks around possessively. The small cubicle boasts
text: one window, carpeting on the floor, a filing cabinet, a
text: couple of synthetic-leather chairs, and a clothes-tree -- to
text: Bud, it is the Taj Mahal. He crosses to the clothes-tree,
text: removes his hat and coat, hangs them up. From OFF comes --
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY'S VOICE
dialog: Hi, Buddy-boy.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH'S VOICE
dialog: Congratulations, and all that jazz.
text: Bud turns. Kirkeby, Dobisch, Eichelberger and Vanderhof have
text: come into the office.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hi, fellas.
speaker_heading: EICHELBERGER
dialog: Well, you made it, kid -- just like
dialog: we promised.
speaker_heading: VANDERHOF
dialog: Quite an office -- name on the
text: door -- rug on the floor -- the
dialog: whole schmear.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Teamwork -- that's what counts in
dialog: an organization like this. All for
dialog: one and one for all -- know what I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I have a vague idea.
text: Kirkeby signals to Vanderhof, who shuts the door. The four
text: charter members of the club start closing in on Bud.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Baxter, we're a little disappointed
dialog: in you -- gratitude-wise.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, I'm very grateful.
speaker_heading: EIGHELBERGER
dialog: Then why are you locking us out,
dialog: all of a sudden?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's been sort of rough these last
dialog: few weeks -- what with my cold and
dialog: like that --
text: He has picked up the desk calendar, shoves it discreetly
text: into one of the drawers.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: We went to bat for you -- and now
dialog: you won't play ball with us.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, after all, it's my
dialog: apartment -- it's private
dialog: property -- it's not a public
dialog: playground.
speaker_heading: VANDERHOF
dialog: All right, so you got yourself a
dialog: girl -- that's okay with us -- but
dialog: not every night of the week.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: How selfish can you get?
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Last week I had to borrow my
text: nephew's car and take Sylvia to a
dialog: drive-in in Jersey. I'm too old for
dialog: that sort of thing -- I mean, in a
dialog: Volkswagen.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I sympathize with your problem --
dialog: and believe me, I'm very sorry --
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: You'll be a lot sorrier before
dialog: we're through with you.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You threatening me?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Listen, Baxter, we made you and we
dialog: can break you.
text: He deliberately flips a cigar ash on Bud's desk. At the same
text: time, the door opens, and Sheldrake comes striding in briskly.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Sheldrake.
text: The others swivel around.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Morning, gentlemen.
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: Everything satisfactory? You like
dialog: your office?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, yes, sir. Very much. And I want
dialog: to thank you --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Don't thank me -- thank your
dialog: friends here -- they're the ones
dialog: who recommended you.
text: The four friends manage to work up some sickly smiles.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: We just dropped in to wish him the
dialog: best.
dialog: (quickly brushes
dialog: cigar ash off desk)
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
text: (as they move toward
dialog: the door)
dialog: So long, Baxter. We know you won't
dialog: let us down.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: So long, fellas. Drop in any time.
dialog: The door is always open -- to my
dialog: office.
text: They leave. Sheldrake and Bud are alone.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I like the way you handled that.
dialog: Well, how does it feel to be an
dialog: executive?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Fine. And I want you to know I'll
dialog: work very hard to justify your
dialog: confidence in me --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Sure you will.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Say, Baxter, about the apartment -
dialog: now that you got a raise, don't you
dialog: think we can afford a second key?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well -- I guess so.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You know my secretary -- Miss
dialog: Olsen --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, yes. Very attractive. Is she --
dialog: the lucky one?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: No, you don't understand. She's a
text: busybody -- always poking her nose
dialog: into things -- and with that key
dialog: passing back and forth -- why take
dialog: chances?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, sir. You can't be too careful.
text: He glances toward the glass partitions to make sure that
text: nobody is watching.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I have something here -- I think it
dialog: belongs to you.
text: Out of his pocket he has slipped the compact with the fleur-
text: de-lis pattern we saw Fran use at the Rickshaw. He holds it
text: out to Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: To me?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I mean -- the young lady -- whoever
dialog: she may be -- it was on the couch
dialog: when I got home last night.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Oh, yes. Thanks.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: The mirror is broken.
dialog: (opens compact,
dialog: revealing crack in mirror)
dialog: It was broken when I found it.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: So it was.
dialog: (takes the compact)
dialog: She threw it at me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You know how it is -- sooner or
dialog: later they all give you a bad time.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (man-of-the-world)
dialog: I know how it is.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You see a girl a couple of times a
dialog: week -- just for laughs -- and
dialog: right away she thinks you're going
dialog: to divorce your wife. I ask you --
dialog: is that fair?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, sir. That's very unfair --
dialog: especially to your wife.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (shifting gears)
dialog: You know, Baxter, I envy you.
dialog: Bachelor -- all the dames you
dialog: want -- no headaches, no
dialog: complications --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, sir. That's the life, all right.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Put me down for Thursday again.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Roger. And I'll get that other key.
text: Sheldrake exits. Bud takes the calendar out of the desk
text: drawer, makes an entry.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: BAXTER'S DESK CALENDAR
text: Again the leaves are flipping over, and again we see
text: Sheldrake's name in Bud's handwriting -- booked for the
dialog: following dates: Monday, December 14, Thursday, December 17,
dialog: Monday, December 21, Thursday, December 24.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SWITCHBOARD ROOM - DAY
text: Perched on top of the switchboard is a small decorated
text: Christmas tree, and the operators are dispensing holiday
text: greetings to all callers.
speaker_heading: OPERATORS
dialog: Consolidated Life -- Merry
dialog: Christmas -- I'll connect you --
dialog: Consolidated Life -- Merry
dialog: Christmas -- I'm ringing --
text: In the foreground, Sylvia is engaged in a private
text: conversation of her own.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (into mouthpiece)
dialog: Yeah? -- YEAH? -- Where? -- You
dialog: bet --
text: She tears off her headset, and turns to the other girls.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Somebody watch my line -- there's a
text: swinging party up on the nineteenth
dialog: floor --
text: She scoots out the door. The other girls immediately abandon
text: their posts, and dash after her.
scene_heading: INT. NINETEENTH FLOOR - DAY
dialog: It's a swinging party, all right. Nobody is working. Several
text: desks have been cleared and pushed together, and on top of
text: this improvised stage four female employees and Mr. Dobisch,
text: with his pants-legs rolled up, are doing a Rockette kick
text: routine to the tune of JINGLE BELLS. Employees are ringed
text: around the performers, some drinking out of paper cups,
text: others singing and clapping in rhythm.
text: One of the cubicles has been transformed into a bar, and it
text: is jammed with people. Mr. Kirkeby and Mr. Vanderhof are
text: pouring -- each has a couple of bottles of liquor in his
text: hands, and is emptying them into the open top of a water-
dialog: cooler.
dialog: But the stuff is flowing out as fast as it flows in --
text: everybody is in line with a paper cup waiting for a refill.
text: Bud comes shouldering his way out of the crowded cubicle,
text: holding aloft two paper cups filled with booze. Since his
text: promotion he has bought himself a new suit, dark flannel,
text: and with it he wears a white shirt with a pinned round
text: collar, and a foulard tie. He also has quite a glow on.
text: Detouring past necking couples, he heads in the direction of
dialog: the elevators.
text: The doors of Fran's elevator are just opening, and the
text: switchboard operators, led by Sylvia, come streaming out.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (to a colleague)
dialog: -- so I said to him: Never again! --
dialog: either get yourself a bigger car or
dialog: a smaller girl --
text: As they head for the party, they pass Bud, who is approaching
text: the elevator with the two drinks. Fran is just closing the
text: elevator doors.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik.
text: The doors slide open again, and Fran looks out. Instead of
text: the customary carnation in the lapel of her uniform, she
text: wears a sprig of holly.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (holding out one of
dialog: the drinks)
dialog: Marry Christmas.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (takes drink)
dialog: I thought you were avoiding me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What gave you that idea?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: In the last six weeks you've only
dialog: been in my elevator once -- and
dialog: then you didn't take your hat off.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, as a matter of fact, I was
dialog: rather hurt when you stood me up
dialog: that night --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I don't blame you. It was
dialog: unforgivable.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I forgive you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You shouldn't.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You couldn't help yourself. I mean,
dialog: when you're having a drink with one
dialog: man, you can't just suddenly walk
dialog: out on him because you have another
dialog: date with another man. You did the
dialog: only decent thing.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Don't be too sure. Just because I
dialog: wear a uniform -- that doesn't make
dialog: me a Girl Scout.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be
dialog: a second administrative assistant
dialog: around here unless he's a pretty
dialog: good judge of character -- and as
dialog: far as I'm concerned, you're tops.
dialog: I mean, decency-wise -- and
dialog: otherwise-wise.
dialog: (toasting)
dialog: Cheers.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Cheers.
text: They down their drinks. Bud takes the empty cup from her.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: One more?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (indicating elevator)
dialog: I shouldn't drink when I'm driving.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You're so right.
text: He reaches into the elevator, takes a cardboard sign off a
text: hook, hangs it on the elevator door. It reads USE OTHER
scene_heading: ELEVATOR.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: By the power vested in me, I
dialog: herewith declare this elevator out
dialog: of order.
text: (leading her toward
dialog: the party)
dialog: Shall we join the natives?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Why not?
dialog: (as they pass a
dialog: kissing couple)
text: They seem friendly enough.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Don't you believe it. Later on
dialog: there will be human sacrifices --
dialog: white collar workers tossed into
dialog: the computing machines, and punched
text: full of those little square holes.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: How many of those drinks did you
dialog: have?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (holding up four fingers)
dialog: Three.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I thought so.
text: They have now reached the entrance to the bar, which is
text: overflowing with thirsty natives.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You wait here. I think I hear the
text: sound of running water.
text: He leaves her outside the cubicle, and elbows his way
text: through the crowd toward the booze-filled water cooler. Out
text: of another cubicle comes Miss Olsen, cup in hand. She too
text: has had quite a few. Seeing Fran, she walks up to her, with
text: an acid smile on her face.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: Hi. How's the branch manager from
dialog: Kansas City?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: I'm Miss Olsen -- Mr. Sheldrake's
dialog: secretary.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Yes, I know.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: So you don't have to play innocent
dialog: with me. He used to tell his wife
dialog: that I was the branch manager from
dialog: Seattle -- four years ago when we
dialog: were having a little ring-a-ding-
dialog: ding.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: And before me there was Miss Rossi
dialog: in Auditing -- and after me there
dialog: was Miss Koch in Disability -- and
dialog: just before you there was Miss
dialog: What's-Her-Name, on the twenty-
dialog: fifth floor --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (wanting to get away)
dialog: Will you excuse me?
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: (holding her by the arm)
dialog: What for? You haven't done
dialog: anything -- it's him -- what a
dialog: salesman -- always the last booth
dialog: in the Chinese restaurant -- and
dialog: the same pitch about divorcing his
dialog: wife -- and in the end you wind up
dialog: with egg foo yong on your face.
text: Bud comes burrowing out of the crowded cubicle, balancing
text: the two filled paper cups, spots Fran.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik.
text: Fran turns away from Miss Olsen.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Well -- thank you.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: Always happy to do something for
dialog: our girls in uniform.
text: She moves off as Bud joins Fran, who is looking a little pale.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You all right? What's the matter?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: (takes the drink)
dialog: There are just too many people here.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Why don't we step into any office?
dialog: There's something I want your
dialog: advice about, anyway.
text: (leads her toward his cubicle)
dialog: I have my own office now, naturally.
dialog: And you may be interested to know
dialog: I'm the second youngest executive
dialog: in the company -- the only one
dialog: younger is a grandson of the
dialog: chairman of the board.
scene_heading: INT. BAXTER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud ushers Fran in, and is confronted by a strange couple
text: necking in the corner. He gestures them out, crosses to his
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik, I would like your
dialog: honest opinion. I've had this in my
dialog: desk for a week -- cost me fifteen
dialog: dollars -- but I just couldn't get
dialog: up enough nerve to wear it --
text: From under the desk he has produced a hatbox, and out of the
text: hatbox a black bowler, which he now puts on his head.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's what they call the junior
dialog: executive model. What do you think?
text: Fran looks at him blankly, absorbed in her own thoughts.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Guess I made a boo-boo, huh?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (paying attention again)
dialog: No -- I like it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Really? You mean you wouldn't be
dialog: ashamed to be seen with somebody in
dialog: a hat like this?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Maybe if I wore it a little more to
dialog: the side --
dialog: (adjusting hat)
dialog: is that better?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Much better.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, as long as you wouldn't be
dialog: ashamed to be seen with me -- how
dialog: about the three of us going out
dialog: this evening -- you and me and the
dialog: bowler -- stroll down Fifth
dialog: Avenue -- sort of break it in --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: This is a bad day for me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I understand. Christmas -- family
dialog: and all that --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'd better get back to my elevator.
dialog: I don't want to be fired.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, you don't have to worry about
dialog: that. I have quite a bit of
dialog: influence in Personnel. You know Mr.
dialog: Sheldrake?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (guardedly)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: He and I are like this.
dialog: (crosses his fingers)
dialog: Sent me a Christmas card. See?
text: He has picked up a Christmas card from his desk, shows it to
text: Fran. It is a photograph of the Sheldrake clan grouped
text: around an elaborate Christmas tree -- Mr. and Mrs.
text: Sheldrake, the two boys in military school uniforms, and a
text: big French poodle. Underneath it says:
scene_heading: SEASON'S GREETINGS
text: from the SHELDRAKES
dialog: Emily, Jeff, Tommy, Jeff Jr.,
dialog: and Figaro.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (studying the card ruefully)
dialog: Makes a cute picture.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I thought maybe I could put in a
dialog: word for you with Mr. Sheldrake --
dialog: get you a little promotion -- how
dialog: would you like to be an elevator
dialog: starter?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm afraid there are too many other
dialog: girls around here with seniority
dialog: over me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No problem. Why don't we discuss it
dialog: sometime over the holidays -- I
dialog: could call you and pick you up and
dialog: we'll have the big unveiling --
text: (touching the brim of
dialog: his bowler)
dialog: -- you sure this is the right way
dialog: to wear it?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You don't think it's tilted a
dialog: little too much --
text: Fran takes her compact out of her uniform pocket, opens it,
text: hands it to Bud.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (examining himself in
dialog: the mirror)
dialog: After all, this is a conservative
dialog: firm -- I don't want people to
dialog: think I'm an entertainer --
text: His voice trails off. There is something familiar about the
text: cracked mirror of the compact -- and the fleur-de-lis
text: pattern on the case confirms his suspicion. Fran notices the
text: peculiar expression on his face.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (with difficulty)
text: The mirror -- it's broken.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I know. I like it this way -- makes
dialog: me look the way I feel.
text: The phone has started to ring. Bud doesn't hear it. He
text: closes the compact, hands it to Fran.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Your phone.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (picks up phone from desk)
dialog: Yes?
text: (throws a quick look
dialog: at Fran)
dialog: Just a minute.
dialog: (covers mouthpiece;
dialog: to Fran)
dialog: If you don't mind -- this is sort
dialog: of personal
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: All right. Have a nice Christmas.
text: She exits, closing the door. Bud takes his hand off the
text: mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (every word hurts)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Sheldrake -- no, I didn't
dialog: forget -- the tree is up and the
text: Tom and Jerry mix is in the
dialog: refrigerator -- yes, sir -- same to
dialog: you.
text: He hangs up, stands there for a moment, the bowler still on
text: his head, the noise from the party washing over him. He
text: slowly crosses to the clothes-tree. picks up his coat -- a
text: new, black chesterfield. With the coat over his arm, he
text: starts out of the office.
scene_heading: INT. NINETEENTH FLOOR - DAY
text: The party has picked up tempo. On top of the desks, Sylvia
text: is doing a mock strip tease -- without taking any clothes
text: off. There is hollering, drinking and clapping all around her.
text: Bud moves past the floor show, paying no attention. Kirkeby
text: spots him, detaches himself from the cheering section around
dialog: Sylvia.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Where you going, Buddy-boy? The
dialog: party's just starting.
dialog: (catching up with him)
dialog: Listen, kid -- give me a break,
dialog: will you -- how about tomorrow
dialog: afternoon? I can't take her to that
text: drive-in again -- the car doesn't
dialog: even have a heater four o'clock --
dialog: okay?
text: Bud ignores him, continues walking through the ranks of
text: empty desks.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHEAP BAR - COLUMBUS AVENUE IN THE SIXTIES - EVENING
text: It is six o'clock, and the joint is crowded with customers
dialog: having one for the road before joining their families for
text: Christmas Eve. There are men with gaily wrapped packages,
text: small trussed-up Christmas trees, a plucked turkey in a
text: plastic bag. Written across the mirror behind the bar, in
text: glittering white letters, is HAPPY HOLIDAYS. Everybody is in
text: high spirits, laughing it up and toasting each other.
text: Everybody except Bud Baxter. He is standing at the bar in
text: his chesterfield and bowler, slightly isolated, brooding
text: over an almost empty martini glass. The bartender comes up,
text: sets down a fresh martini with an olive on a toothpick,
text: takes his payment from a pile of bills and coins lying in
text: front of Bud. Bud fishes out the olive, adds it to half a
text: dozen other impaled olives neatly arranged in fan shape on
text: the counter. He is obviously trying to complete the circle.
text: A short, rotund man dressed as Santa Claus hurries in from
text: the street, and comes up to the bar beside Bud.
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Hey, Charlie -- give me a shot of
dialog: bourbon -- and step on it -- my
text: sleigh is double parked.
text: He laughs uproariously at his own joke, nudges Bud with his
text: elbow. Bud stares at him coldly, turns back to his martini.
text: The laughter dies in Santa Claus' throat. He gets his short
text: of bourbon, moves down the bar to find more convivial company.
text: Standing near the end of the curved bar is a girl in her
text: middle twenties wearing a ratty fur coat. Her name is MARGIE
text: MacDOUGALL, she is drinking a Rum Collins through a straw,
text: and she too is alone. From a distance, she is studying Bud
text: with interest. On the bar in front of her is a container of
text: straws in paper wrappers. She takes one of them out, tears
text: off the end of the paper, blows through the straw -- sending
text: the wrapper floating toward Bud. The paper wrapper passes
text: right in front of Bud's nose. He doesn't notice it.
text: Margie, undaunted, lets go with another missile.
text: This time the wrapper lands on the brim of Bud's bowler. No
text: reaction. Another wrapper comes floating in, hits Bud's
text: cheek. He never takes his eye off his martini.
text: Margie leaves her place, and carrying her handbag and her
text: empty glass, comes up alongside Bud. Without a word, she
text: reaches up and removes the wrapper from Bud's bowler.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: You buy me a drink, I'll buy you
text: some music.
dialog: (sets the glass down)
dialog: Rum Collins.
text: Not waiting for an answer, she heads for the juke box. Bud
text: looks after her noncommittally, then turns to the bartender.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Rum Collins.
dialog: (indicating martini glass)
dialog: And another one of these little
dialog: mothers.
text: At the juke box, Margie has dropped a coin in and made her
text: selection. The music starts -- ADESTE FIDELIS. She rejoins
text: Bud at the bar just as the bartender is putting down their
text: drinks in front of them. Bud removes the new olive, adds it
text: to the pattern on the counter in front of him. They both
text: drink, staring straight ahead. For quite a while, there is
text: complete silence between them.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: (out of nowhere)
dialog: You like Castro?
dialog: (a blank look from Bud)
dialog: I mean -- how do you feel about
dialog: Castro?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What is Castro?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: You know, that big-shot down in
dialog: Cuba with the crazy beard.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Because as far as I'm concerned,
dialog: he's a no good fink. Two weeks ago
dialog: I wrote him a letter -- never even
dialog: answered me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That so.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: All I wanted him to do was let
text: Mickey out for Christmas.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Who is Mickey?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: My husband. He's in Havana -- in
dialog: jail.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh. Mixed up in that revolution?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Mickey? He wouldn't do nothing like
dialog: that. He's a jockey. They caught
text: him doping a horse.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, you can't win 'em all.
text: They sit there silently for a moment, contemplating the
dialog: injustices of the world.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: 'Twas the night before Christmas
dialog: And all through the house
dialog: Not a creature was stirring --
dialog: Nothing --
dialog: No action --
dialog: Dullsville!
dialog: (drinks; to Bud)
dialog: You married?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Family?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: A night like this, it sort of
dialog: spooks you to walk into an empty
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I said I had no family -- I didn't
dialog: say I had an empty apartment.
text: They both drink.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: The living room is dark, except for a shaft of light from
text: the kitchen, and the glow of the colored bulbs on a small
text: Christmas tree in front of the phony fireplace.
text: Hunched up in one corner of the couch is Fran, still in her
text: coat and gloves, crying softly. Pacing up and down is
text: Sheldrake. His coat and hat are on a chair, as are several
text: Christmas packages. On the coffee table are an unopened
text: bottle of Scotch, a couple of untouched glasses, and a bowl
text: of melting ice.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (stops and faces Fran)
dialog: Come on, Fran -- don't be like that.
dialog: You just going to sit there and
dialog: keep bawling?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: You won't talk to me, you won't
dialog: tell me what's wrong --
dialog: (a new approach)
dialog: Look, I know you think I'm stalling
dialog: you. But when you've been married
dialog: to a woman for twelve years, you
dialog: don't just sit down at the breakfast
dialog: table and say "Pass the sugar --
dialog: and I want a divorce." It's not
dialog: that easy.
text: (he resumes pacing;
text: Fran continues crying)
dialog: Anyway, this is the wrong time. The
dialog: kids are home from school -- my in-
dialog: laws are visiting for the
dialog: holidays -- I can't bring it up now.
text: (stops in front of her)
dialog: This isn't like you, Fran -- you
dialog: were always such a good sport --
dialog: such fun to be with --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: Yeah -- that's me. The Happy
text: Idiot -- a million laughs.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Well, that's more like it. At least
dialog: you're speaking to me.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Funny thing happened to me at the
dialog: office party today -- I ran into
dialog: your secretary -- Miss Olsen. You
dialog: know -- ring-a-ding-ding? I laughed
dialog: so much I like to died.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Is that what's been bothering
dialog: you -- Miss Olsen? That's ancient
dialog: history.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I was never very good at history.
dialog: Let me see -- there was Miss Olsen,
dialog: and then there was Miss Rossi --
dialog: no, she came before -- it was Miss
dialog: Koch who came after Miss Olsen --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Now, Fran --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: And just think -- right now there's
dialog: some lucky girl in the building
dialog: who's going to come after me --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Okay, okay, Fran. I deserve that.
dialog: But just ask yourself -- why does a
dialog: man run around with a lot of girls?
dialog: Because he's unhappy at home --
dialog: because he's lonely, that's why --
dialog: all that was before you, Fran --
dialog: I've stopped running.
text: Fran has taken a handkerchief out of her bag and is dabbing
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: How could I be so stupid? You'd
dialog: think I would have learned by
dialog: now -- when you're in love with a
dialog: married man, you shouldn't wear
text: mascara.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: It's Christmas Eve, Fran -- let's
dialog: not fight.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Merry Christmas.
text: She hands him a flat, wrapped package.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: What is it?
text: He strips away the wrapping to reveal a long-playing record.
text: The cover reads: RICKSHAW BOY - Jimmy Lee Kiang with
dialog: Orchestra.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Oh. Our friend from the Chinese
dialog: restaurant. Thanks, Fran. We better
dialog: keep it here.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Yeah, we better.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I have a present for you. I didn't
dialog: quite know what to get you --
dialog: anyway it's a little awkward for
dialog: me, shopping --
dialog: (he has taken out a
dialog: money clip, detaches
dialog: a bill)
dialog: -- so here's a hundred dollars --
dialog: go out and buy yourself something.
text: He holds the money out, but she doesn't move. Sheldrake
text: slips the bill into her open bag.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: They have some nice alligator bags
dialog: at Bergdorf's --
text: Fran gets up slowly and starts peeling off her gloves.
text: Sheldrake looks at her, then glances nervously at his wrist
dialog: watch.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Fran, it's a quarter to seven --
dialog: and I mustn't miss the train -- if
dialog: we hadn't wasted all that time -- I
dialog: have to get home and trim the
dialog: tree --
text: Fran has started to remove her coat.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (shrugs the coat back on)
dialog: I just thought as long as it was
dialog: paid for --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
text: (an angry step toward her)
dialog: Don't ever talk like that, Fran!
dialog: Don't make yourself out to be cheap.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: A hundred dollars? I wouldn't call
dialog: that cheap. And you must be paying
dialog: somebody something for the use of
dialog: the apartment --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (grabbing her arms)
dialog: Stop that, Fran.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You'll miss your train, Jeff.
text: Sheldrake hurriedly puts on his hat and coat, gathers up his
dialog: packages.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Coming?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You run along -- I want to fix my
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (heading for the door)
dialog: Don't forget to kill the lights.
dialog: See you Monday.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Sure. Monday and Thursday -- and
dialog: Monday again -- and Thursday
dialog: again --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (that stops him in
dialog: the half-open door)
dialog: It won't always be like this.
dialog: (coming back)
dialog: I love you, Fran.
text: Holding the packages to one side, he tries to kiss her on
dialog: the mouth.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (turning her head)
dialog: Careful -- lipstick.
text: He kisses her on the cheek, hurries out of the apartment,
text: closing the door. Fran stands there for a while, blinking
text: back tears, then takes the long-playing record out of its
text: envelope, crosses to the phonograph. She puts the record on,
text: starts the machine -- the music is JEALOUS LOVER. As it
text: plays, Fran wanders aimlessly around the darkened room, her
text: body wracked by sobs. Finally she regains control of herself,
text: and picking up her handbag, starts through the bedroom
text: toward the bathroom.
text: In the bathroom, Fran switches on the light, puts her bag on
text: the sink, turns on the faucet. Scooping up some water, she
text: washes the smeared mascara away, then turns the faucet off,
text: picks up a towel As she is drying her face, she notices in
text: the pull-away shaving mirror the magnified reflection of a
text: vial of pills on the medicine shelf. Fran reaches out for
text: the vial, turns it slowly around in her hand. The label
text: reads: SECONAL - ONE AT BEDTIME AS NEEDED FOR SLEEP.
text: Fran studies the label for a second, then returns the vial
text: to the shelf. She opens her handbag, takes out a lipstick.
text: As she does so, she sees the hundred dollar bill Sheldrake
text: left in the bag. Her eyes wander back to the vial on the
text: medicine shelf. Then very deliberately she picks up Bud's
text: mouthwash glass, removes the two toothbrushes from it, turns
text: on the faucet, starts filling the glass with water.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHEAP BAR - COLUMBUS AVENUE - NIGHT
text: The joint is deserted now except for the Santa Claus, who is
text: leaning against the bar, quite loaded, and Bud and Margie
text: MacDougall, who are dancing to a slow blues coming from the
text: juke box. Bud is still in his overcoat and bowler, and
text: Margie is wearing her fur coat. The bartender is sweeping up
dialog: the place.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (to Santa Claus)
dialog: Drink up, Pop. It's closing time.
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS
dialog: But it's early, Charlie.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Don't you know what night this is?
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS
dialog: I know, Charlie. I know. I work for
dialog: the outfit.
text: He polishes off his drink, walks out unsteadily. The
text: bartender approaches the dancers.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Hey, knock it off, will you? Go home.
text: Bud and Margie ignore him, continue dancing -- or rather
text: swaying limply cheek-to-cheek. The bartender crosses to the
text: juke box, pulls the plug out. The music stops, but not Bud
text: and Margie -- they continue dancing.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: O-U-T -- out!
text: He goes to the front of the bar, starts to extinguish the
text: lights. Margie picks up her handbag from the bar, and Bud
text: downs the remains of his drink.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Where do we go -- my place or yours?
speaker_heading: BUD
text: (peering at his watch)
dialog: Might as well go to mine --
text: everybody else does.
text: He leads her through the dark bar toward the entrance. The
text: bartender holds the door open for them as they go out.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Bud and Margie come walking down the street. As they reach
text: the house, Bud starts up the steps, but Margie continues
text: along the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Poor Mickey -- when I think of him
dialog: all by himself in that jail in
dialog: Havana --
dialog: (opening her handbag)
dialog: -- want to see his picture?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (from steps)
dialog: Not particularly.
text: Margie, realizing her mistake, hurries back to join him.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: He's so cute -- five-foot-two --
dialog: ninety-nine pounds...like a little
dialog: chihuahua.
text: They pass through the front door into the vestibule.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - BROWNSTONE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Bud and Margie are mounting the stairs toward the apartment.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Can I ask you a personal question?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: You got a girl-friend?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: She may be a girl -- but she's no
dialog: friend of mine.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Still stuck on her, huh.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Stuck on her! Obviously, you don't
dialog: know me very well.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: I don't know you at all.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Permit me -- C.C. Baxter -- junior
dialog: executive, Arthur Murray graduate,
dialog: lover.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: I'm Mrs. MacDougall -- Margie to you.
text: Bud has taken the key out of his pocket, opened the door to
dialog: his apartment.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: This way, Mrs. MacDougall.
text: He ushers her in.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: It is exactly the way we left it. There is no sign of Fran,
text: except for the gloves she dropped on the coffee table
text: earlier. Bud switches on the light, shuts the door.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Say, this is Snugsville.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (helping her out of
dialog: her coat)
dialog: Mrs. MacDougall, I think it is only
dialog: fair to warn you that you are now
text: alone with a notorious sexpot.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: (a gleam)
dialog: No kidding.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Ask anybody around here. As a
dialog: matter of fact, when it's time for
dialog: me to go -- and I may go just like
dialog: that --
dialog: (snaps his fingers)
dialog: -- I have promised my body to the
dialog: Columbia Medical Center.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: (shuddering deliciously)
dialog: Gee. Sort of gives you goose-bumps
dialog: just to think about it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, they haven't got me yet, baby.
dialog: Dig up some ice from the kitchen
dialog: and let's not waste any time --
dialog: preliminary-wise.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: I'm with you, lover.
text: She takes the bowl of melted ice Bud has handed her,
text: disappears into the kitchen. As Bud starts to remove his
text: coat, he becomes aware of a scratching noise from the
text: phonograph. He crosses to it, sees that the needle is stuck
text: in the last groove of a long-playing record.
text: Bud lifts the record off, examines it curiously, then puts
text: it aside and substitutes the cha cha record. As the music
text: starts, he dances over to the coat-rack beside the door,
text: hangs up his chesterfield and bowler. He turns back into the
text: room, still dancing, suddenly spots Fran's gloves on the
text: coffee table. He picks up the gloves, looks around for some
text: convenient place to get rid of them. Moving over to the
text: bedroom door, he opens it, tosses the gloves toward the bed
text: inside. He shuts the door, starts to turn away, freezes in a
text: delayed reaction to something he saw inside. He quickly
text: opens the door again, looks.
text: Sprawled across the bed, on top of the bedspread, is Fran.
text: The light from the bathroom falls across her. She is fully
text: dressed, still in her coat, and apparently asleep.
text: Bud steps into the bedroom, closing the door behind him,
text: walks over to Fran.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: All right, Miss Kubelik -- get up.
text: It's past checking-out time, and
dialog: the hotel management would
dialog: appreciate it if you would get the
dialog: hell out of here.
dialog: (Fran doesn't stir)
dialog: Look, Miss Kubelik, I used to like
dialog: you -- I used to like you a lot --
dialog: but it's all over between us -- so
dialog: beat it -- O-U-T -- out!
dialog: (no reaction; he puts
text: a hand on her
dialog: shoulder, shakes her)
dialog: Come on -- wake up!
text: She doesn't respond. But something falls out of her hand,
text: rolls across the bed. Bud picks it up, looks at it -- it is
text: his sleeping-pill vial, now uncapped and empty.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (a hoarse whisper)
dialog: Oh, my God.
text: For a second he is paralyzed. Then he drops the vial, grabs
text: Fran, lifts her into a sitting position on the bed, shakes
text: her violently.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik! Miss Kubelik!
text: Fran's head droops to one side, like a rag doll's. Bud lets
text: go of her, rushes out.
text: In the living room, the phonograph is still cha cha-ing away.
text: Bud dashes to the phone, picks it up. Then it occurs to him
text: that he doesn't know whom to call and he hangs up. Out of
text: the kitchen comes Margie, with a bowlful of ice cubes.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: I broke a nail trying to get the
dialog: ice-tray out. You ought to buy
dialog: yourself a new refrigerator.
text: Bud, not listening, runs past her to the hall door and out.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: I didn't mean right now.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - NIGHT
text: Bud arrives at the door of the Dreyfuss apartment, starts
text: ringing the doorbell and pounding with his fist.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Dr. Dreyfuss! Hey, Doc!
text: The door opens, and Dr. Dreyfuss stands there sleepily,
text: pulling on his beaten bathrobe.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (words tumbling over
dialog: each other)
dialog: There's a girl in my place -- she
dialog: took some sleeping pills -- you
dialog: better come quick -- I can't wake
dialog: her up.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Let me get my bag.
text: He disappears from the doorway.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hurry up, Doc.
text: Bud turns and runs back into his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Margie has settled herself comfortably on the couch, and is
text: fixing the drinks. The cha cha music is still going. Bud
text: comes flying in, heads for the bedroom.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Hey -- over here, lover.
text: Bud stops in his tracks, suddenly aware of her.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: What's all this running around?
dialog: You're going to wear yourself out.
text: Bud strides over to her purposefully, yanks her up to her
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Not so rough, honey.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (taking the glass out
dialog: of her hand)
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Good night?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (thrusting the fur
dialog: coat at her)
text: The party's over.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: What's the matter? Did I do
dialog: something wrong?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (easing her toward door)
dialog: It's an emergency -- see you some
dialog: other time.
text: Dr. Dreyfuss comes hurrying in, carrying his medical bag. He
text: stops, bewildered by the sound of music and the sight of a
text: wide-awake girl in the apartment.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Not this one --
dialog: (pointing to the bedroom)
dialog: -- in there, Doc.
text: Dr. Dreyfuss proceeds into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: Say, what's going on here, anyway?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: (propelling her
dialog: toward the door)
dialog: Just clear out, will you?
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: (pointing back)
dialog: My shoes.
text: Bud reaches under the coffee table, where she left her
text: shoes, retrieves them.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Some lover you are. Some sexpot!
text: Bud shoves the shoes at her, takes a bill out of his wallet,
text: hands it to her.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Here -- find yourself a phone booth
dialog: and call your husband in Havana.
speaker_heading: MARGIE
dialog: You bet I will. And when I tell him
dialog: how you treated me, he'll push your
text: face in.
text: (he shoves her
dialog: through the open door)
dialog: You fink!
text: Bud slams the door shut, starts toward the bedroom. Halfway
text: there, he becomes aware that the cha cha record is still on.
text: He detours to the phonograph, switches it off, continues
text: into the bedroom.
text: In the bedroom, the overhead light is on, and Dr. Dreyfuss
text: is working on the unconscious Fran. He has removed her coat,
text: and is shining a flashlight into her eyes, examining her
text: pupils. Bud approaches the bed worriedly.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: She going to be all right, Doc?
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: How many pills were in that bottle?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It was half-full -- about a dozen
dialog: or so. You going to have to take
dialog: her to the hospital?
text: Dr. Dreyfuss ignores him. Out of his medical bag, he takes a
text: stomach tube with a rubber funnel at the end. Then he starts
text: to lift Fran off the bed.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Help me, will you?
text: Between them, they get Fran into an upright position.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
text: Into the bathroom.
text: They half-carry, half-drag Fran's limp form toward the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What are you going to do, Doc?
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Get that stuff out of her stomach --
dialog: if it isn't too late. You better
dialog: put some coffee on -- and pray.
text: Bud starts away as Dr. Dreyfuss takes Fran into the bathroom.
text: Bud loses no time getting into the kitchen. He fills an
text: aluminum kettle with water, strikes a match, lights the gas
text: burner, puts the kettle on. Then he takes a jar of instant
text: coffee and a chipped coffee mug out of the cupboard, shakes
text: an excessive portion of coffee into the mug, sticks a spoon
text: in it. He watches the kettle for a moment, mops his brow
text: with a handkerchief, then starts back toward the bedroom.
text: Bud crosses the bedroom to the half-open door of the
text: bathroom, looks in anxiously. From inside come the sounds of
text: a coughing spasm and running water. Bud turns away, undoes
text: his tie and collar, paces the bedroom floor. Something on
text: the night table attracts his attention -- resting against
text: the base of the lamp is a sealed envelope. Bud picks it
text: up -- on it, in Fran's handwriting, is one word, JEFF. He
text: turns the letter over in his hand, trying to decide what to
dialog: do with it.
text: Dr. Dreyfuss emerges from the bathroom, carrying a pale,
text: still unconscious Fran. Bud quickly conceals the suicide
text: note behind his back.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Bring my bag.
text: He lugs Fran into the living room. Bud stashes the letter in
text: his back pocket, picks up the medical bag, follows them.
text: In the living room, Dr. Dreyfuss lowers Fran into a chair.
text: Her chin falls to her chest. Dreyfuss takes the bag from
text: Bud, fishes out a hypodermic syringe, draws 2 c.c.'s from a
text: bottle of picrotoxin.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
text: Roll up her right sleeve.
text: Bud does so. Dr. Dreyfuss hands the hypodermic to Bud,
text: searches for a spot for the injection.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Nice veins.
text: He swabs the spot with alcohol, takes the hypodermic back
dialog: from Bud.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Want to tell me what happened?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I don't know -- I mean -- I wasn't
dialog: here -- you see -- we had some
dialog: words earlier -- nothing serious,
dialog: really -- what you might call a
dialog: lovers' quarrel --
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (making off-scene injection)
dialog: So you went right out and picked
dialog: yourself up another dame.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Something like that.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: You know, Baxter, you're a real
dialog: cutie-pie -- yes, you are.
text: Bud just stands there, taking it. Fran stirs slightly, and
text: from her parched lips comes a low moan. Dr. Dreyfuss grabs
text: her by the hair, lifts her head up.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: If you'd come home half an hour
dialog: later, you would have had quite a
dialog: Christmas present.
text: With his free hand, Dr. Dreyfuss slaps Fran viciously across
text: the face. Bud winces. Dreyfuss, still holding Fran by the
text: hair, takes a box of ammonia ampules out of his bag. He
text: crushes one of the ampules in his hand, passes it under her
text: nose. Fran tries to turn her head away. Dreyfuss slaps her
text: again, hard, crushes another ampule, repeats the process.
text: Bud is watching tensely. From the kitchen comes the whistle
text: of the boiling kettle, but Bud pays no attention.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Get the coffee.
text: Bud hurries into the kitchen. He turns off the gas, pours
text: the boiling water into the mug with the instant coffee,
text: stirs it. From off, come the sounds of more slapping and
text: some moaning. Bud carries the coffee out.
text: In the living room, Dr. Dreyfuss is working another ammonia
text: ampule under Fran's nose. Her eyes start fluttering. Dreyfuss
text: takes the coffee mug from Bud, forces it between Fran's
text: lips, pours coffee into her mouth. Fran resists
text: instinctively, half the coffee dribbling over her chin and
text: dress, but Dr. Dreyfuss keeps at it.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Let's get some air in here. Open
text: the windows.
text: Bud complies promptly -- pulls up the shades, opens the
text: windows wide.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (putting the empty
dialog: mug down)
dialog: What's her name?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik -- Fran.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (to Fran, slowly)
dialog: Fran, I'm a doctor. I'm here
dialog: because you took too many sleeping
dialog: pills. Do you understand what I'm
dialog: saying?
dialog: (Fran mutters something)
dialog: Fran, I'm Dr. Dreyfuss -- I'm here
dialog: to help you. You took all those
dialog: sleeping pills -- remember?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (mumbling groggily)
dialog: Sleeping pills.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: That's right, Fran. And I'm a doctor.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Doctor.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Dr. Dreyfuss.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Dreyfuss.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: Get more coffee.
text: Bud picks up the mug, leaves.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (to Fran)
dialog: Tell me again -- what's my name?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Dr. Dreyfuss.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: And what happened to you?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I took sleeping pills.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Do you know where you are, Fran?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (looking around blankly)
dialog: No.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Yes, you do. Now concentrate.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I don't know.
text: Bud is coming back with the coffee.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (pointing to Bud)
dialog: Do you know who this is?
dialog: (Fran tries to focus)
dialog: Look at him.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Mr. Baxter -- nineteenth floor.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Hello, Miss Kubelik.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: Mister -- Miss -- such politeness!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (to Dr. Dreyfuss, discreetly)
dialog: Well -- we work in the same
dialog: building -- and we try to keep it
dialog: quiet --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (to Bud, puzzled)
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Bud throws Dr. Dreyfuss a look, as if to say that Fran's
text: mind still wasn't functioning properly.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (to Fran)
dialog: Don't you remember? We were at the
dialog: office party together --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Oh, yes -- office party -- Miss
dialog: Olsen --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's right.
dialog: (to Dr. Dreyfuss;
dialog: improvising rapidly)
dialog: I told you we had a fight -- that's
dialog: what it was about -- Miss Olsen --
dialog: you know that other girl you saw --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (still trying to
dialog: figure out Bud's presence)
dialog: I don't understand --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's not important, Fran -- the
dialog: main thing is that I got here in
dialog: time -- and you're going to be all
dialog: right --
dialog: (to Dr. Dreyfuss)
dialog: -- isn't she, Doc?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (closing her eyes)
dialog: I'm so tired --
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Here -- drink this.
text: He forces her to swallow some coffee.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (pushing the mug away)
dialog: Please -- just let me sleep.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: You can't sleep.
dialog: (shaking her)
dialog: Come on, Fran -- open your eyes.
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: Let's get her walking. We've got to
dialog: keep her awake for the next couple
dialog: of hours.
text: They lift her from the chair, and each draping one of her
text: arms over his shoulder, they start to walk her up and down
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (urging Fran on)
dialog: Now walk, Fran. One, two, three,
dialog: four -- one, two, three, four --
dialog: that's the idea -- left, right,
dialog: left, right -- now we turn -- one,
dialog: two, three, four --
text: At first, Fran's feet just drag along the floor between them.
text: But gradually, as Dr. Dreyfuss' voice continues droning
text: hypnotically, she falls into the rhythm of it, repeating the
text: words after him and putting her weight on her feet.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Left, right, left, right -- walk,
dialog: walk, walk -- one, two, three,
dialog: four -- turn -- left, right, left,
dialog: right -- now you got it --
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - DAWN
text: Through the bedroom window comes the first faint light of
text: dawn. Fran has been put to bed by an exhausted Dr. Dreyfuss.
text: She is in her slip, and Dreyfuss is just drawing the blanket
text: over her. Her eyes are closed, and she is moaning fitfully.
text: Watching from the doorway is Bud, in shirtsleeves now, weary
text: and disheveled.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: She'll sleep on and off for the
dialog: next twenty-four hours. Of course,
dialog: she'll have a dandy hangover when
dialog: she wakes up --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Just as long as she's okay.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (massaging his calves)
dialog: These cases are harder on the
dialog: doctor than on the patient. I ought
dialog: to charge you by the mile.
text: They have now moved out into the living room, where the
text: overhead light and the Christmas tree bulbs are still on.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Any of that coffee left?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sure.
text: He goes into the kitchen. Dr. Dreyfuss takes a small notebook
text: with a fountain pen clipped to it out of his bag, sinks down
text: on the couch.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: How do you spell her last name?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (from kitchen)
dialog: Kubelik -- with two k's.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: What's her address?
dialog: (no answer from Bud)
dialog: Where does she live?
text: Bud appears from the kitchen, stirring the coffee powder in
text: a cup of hot water.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (apprehensive)
dialog: Why do you want to know, Doc? You
dialog: don't have to report this, do you?
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: It's regulations.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (setting the coffee down)
dialog: She didn't mean it, Doc -- it was
dialog: an accident -- she had a little too
dialog: much to drink and -- she didn't
dialog: know what she was doing -- there
dialog: was no suicide note or anything --
dialog: believe me, Doc, I'm not thinking
dialog: about myself --
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (sipping the hot coffee)
dialog: Aren't you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's just that she's got a family --
dialog: and there's the people in the
dialog: office -- look, Doc, can't you
dialog: forget you're a doctor -- let's
dialog: just say you're here as a neighbor --
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (a long look at Bud)
dialog: Well, as a doctor, I guess I can't
dialog: prove it wasn't an accident.
dialog: (closes notebook)
dialog: But as your neighbor, I'd like to
dialog: kick your keester clear around the
dialog: block.
dialog: (indicating coffee)
dialog: Mind if I cool this off?
text: He uncaps the bottle of Scotch, pours a large slug into his
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Help yourself.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
text: (taking a big gulp of
dialog: the spiked coffee)
dialog: I don't know what you did to that
dialog: girl in there -- and don't tell
dialog: me -- but it was bound to happen,
dialog: the way you carry on. Live now, pay
dialog: later. Diner's Club!
dialog: (another swig)
dialog: Why don't you grow up, Baxter? Be a
dialog: mensch! You know what that means?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm not sure.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: A mansch -- a human being! So you
dialog: got off easy this time -- so you
dialog: were lucky --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah, wasn't I?
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (finishing coffee)
dialog: But you're not out of the woods
dialog: yet, Baxter -- because most of them
dialog: try it again!
dialog: (picks up bag, starts
dialog: toward door)
dialog: You know where I am if you need me.
text: He walks out, closing the door after him. Bud dejectedly
text: turns off the overhead light, kicks out the plug of the
text: Christmas tree lights, trudges into the bedroom.
text: Fran is fast asleep. Bud picks up her dress, gets a hanger,
text: drapes the dress over it, hangs it from the door. An early
text: morning chill has invaded the room, and Bud switches an the
text: electric blanket to keep Fran warm. Then he slumps into a
text: chair beside the bed, looks at Fran compassionately. The
text: light on the dial of the electric blanket glows in the
text: grayish room. Bud just sits there, watching Fran.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - BROWNSTONE HOUSE - DAY
text: Mrs. Lieberman, followed by her dog, is climbing the stairs
text: to Bud's apartment, puffing asthmatically. She seems quite
text: angry as she arrives at the door and rings the bell. There
text: is no answer. She starts knocking impatiently.
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: Mr. Baxter. Open up already!
text: Finally the door opens a crack, and Bud peers out. He looks
text: like a man who has slept in his clothes -- rumpled, bleary-
text: eyed, unshaven.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh -- Mrs. Lieberman.
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: So who did you think it was -- Kris
dialog: Kringle? What was going on here
dialog: last night?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Last night?
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: All that marching -- tramp, tramp,
dialog: tramp -- you were having army
dialog: maneuvers maybe?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm sorry, Mrs. Lieberman -- and
dialog: I'll never invite those people again.
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: What you get from renting to
dialog: bachelors. All night I didn't sleep
dialog: ten minutes -- and I'm sure you
text: woke up Dr. Dreyfuss.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Don't worry about Dr. Dreyfuss -- I
dialog: happen to know he was out on a case.
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: I'm warning you, Mr. Baxter -- this
dialog: is a respectable house, not a
dialog: honky-tonky.
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: Come on, Oscar.
text: Bud watches her start down the stairs with the dog, withdraws
text: into the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bud closes the door, crosses toward the bedroom, looks
text: inside. Fran is asleep under the electric blanket, breathing
text: evenly. He tries to shut the bedroom door, but it won't
text: close completely because Fran's dress, on a hanger. is
text: hooked over the top. He goes to the phone, picks it up,
text: dials the operator.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (his voice low)
dialog: Operator, I want White Plains, New
dialog: York -- Mr. J. D. Sheldrake --
dialog: (an added thought)
dialog: -- make it person to person.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - SHELDRAKE HOUSE - DAY
text: The decor is split-level Early American. There is a huge
text: Christmas tree and a jumble of presents, open gift boxes,
text: and discarded wrappings.
text: Sheldrake and his two sons, TOMMY and JEFF JR., are squatting
text: on the floor, testing a Cape Canaveral set the kids got for
text: Christmas. Sheldrake is in a brand new dressing gown, with a
text: manufacturer's tag still dangling from it, and the boys are
text: in pajamas and astronaut's helmets. As for the Cape Canaveral
text: set, it is a miniature layout of block-houses, launching
text: pads, and assorted space-missiles. Tommy has his finger on
text: the button controlling one of the rockets.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (counting down)
dialog: 7-6-5-4-3-2-1 -- let her rip!
text: Tommy presses the button, and a spring sends the rocket
text: toward the ceiling. Just then, the phone in the entrance
text: hall starts ringing.
speaker_heading: JEFF JR.
dialog: I'll get it.
text: He hurries to the phone.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, Dad -- why don't we put a fly
dialog: in the nose cone and see if we can
dialog: bring it back alive?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: It's a thought.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Maybe we should send up two flies --
dialog: and see if they'll propagate in
dialog: orbit.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: See if they'll what?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Propagate -- you know, multiply --
dialog: baby flies?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Oh -- oh!
speaker_heading: JEFF JR.
dialog: (coming back from the phone)
dialog: It's for you, Dad. A Mr. Baxter.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Baxter?
speaker_heading: JEFF JR.
dialog: Person to person.
text: Sheldrake heads quickly for the phone.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (to Jeff Jr.)
dialog: Come on -- help me round up some
dialog: flies.
text: In the entrance hall, Sheldrake picks up the phone, turns
text: his back toward the living room, speaks in a low voice.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Hello? -- yes -- what's on your
dialog: mind, Baxter?
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I hate to disturb you, but something
dialog: came up -- it's rather important --
dialog: and I think it would be a good idea
dialog: if you could see me -- at the
dialog: apartment -- as soon as possible.
scene_heading: SHELDRAKE - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You're not making sense, Baxter.
dialog: What's this all about?
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I didn't want to tell you over the
dialog: phone but that certain party -- you
dialog: know who I mean -- I found her here
dialog: last night -- she had taken an
dialog: overdose of sleeping pills.
scene_heading: SHELDRAKE - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: What?
text: From the stairway beyond him comes:
scene_heading: MRS. SHELDRAKE'S VOICE
dialog: What is it, Jeff? Who's on the phone?
text: Sheldrake turns from the phone. Halfway down the stairs is
text: Mrs. Sheldrake, in a quilted house-robe.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (a nice recovery)
dialog: One of our employees had an
dialog: accident -- I don't know why they
dialog: bother me with these things on
dialog: Christmas Day.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, Baxter -- just how serious is
dialog: it?
text: Out of the corner of his eye, he watches Mrs. Sheldrake come
text: down the stairs, pass behind him on the way to the living
dialog: room.
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, it was touch and go there for
text: a while -- but she's sleeping it
text: off now.
text: He glances through the half-open door toward the sleeping
dialog: Fran.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I thought maybe you'd like to be
text: here when she wakes up.
scene_heading: SHELDRAKE - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: That's impossible.
text: (an apprehensive look
dialog: toward the living room)
dialog: You'll have to handle this situation
dialog: yourself -- as a matter of fact,
dialog: I'm counting on you --
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - DAY
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, sir -- I understand.
dialog: (taking Fran's letter
dialog: out of his pocket)
dialog: She left a note -- you want me to
dialog: open it and read it to you?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Well, it was just a suggestion --
dialog: no, you don't have to worry about
dialog: that, Mr. Sheldrake -- I kept your
dialog: name out of it so there'll be no
dialog: trouble, police-wise or newspaper-
dialog: wise --
text: As Bud continues talking on the phone, Fran, in the bedroom,
text: opens her eyes, looks around vaguely, trying to figure out
text: where she is. She sits up in bed, winces, holds her head in
text: her hands -- she has a fierce hangover.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: -- you see, the doctor, he's a
dialog: friend of mine -- we were very
dialog: lucky in that respect -- actually,
dialog: he thinks she's my girl -- no, he
dialog: just jumped to the conclusion --
dialog: around here, I'm known as quite a
dialog: ladies' man --
text: In the bedroom Fran, becoming aware of Bud's voice, crawls
text: out of bed and holding on to the furniture, moves unsteadily
text: toward the living room door.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: -- of course, we're not out of the
dialog: woods yet -- sometimes they try it
dialog: again -- yes sir, I'll do my
dialog: best -- it looks like it'll be a
dialog: couple of days before she's fully
dialog: recovered, and I may have a little
dialog: problem with the landlady --
text: Behind him, Fran appears in the bedroom doorway, barefooted
text: and in her slip. She leans groggily against the door post,
text: trying to focus on Bud and to concentrate on what he's saying.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: -- all right, Mr. Sheldrake, I'll
dialog: keep her in my apartment as long as
dialog: I can -- any sort of message you
dialog: want me to give her? -- well, I'll
dialog: think of something -- goodbye, Mr.
dialog: Sheldrake.
text: He hangs up the phone slowly.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Bud turns around, sees her standing there on rubbery legs.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik --
dialog: (hurries toward her)
dialog: -- you shouldn't be out of bed.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I didn't know -- I had no idea this
dialog: was your apartment --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (putting his arm
dialog: around her)
dialog: Let me help you.
text: He leads her back into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm so ashamed. Why didn't you just
dialog: let me die?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What kind of talk is that?
text: (he lowers her onto
dialog: the bed)
dialog: So you got a little over-
dialog: emotional -- but you're fine now.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (a groan)
text: My head -- it feels like a big wad
dialog: of chewing gum. What time is it?
speaker_heading: BUD
text: Two o'clock.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (struggling to her feet)
dialog: Where's my dress? I have to go home.
text: Her knees buckle. Bud catches her.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You're in no condition to go
dialog: anywhere -- except back to bed.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You don't want me here --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sure I do. It's always nice to have
dialog: company for Christmas.
text: He tries to put her back to bed. Fran resists.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik, I'm stronger than you
dialog: are --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I just want to go brush my teeth --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh -- of course. I think there's a
text: new toothbrush somewhere.
text: He crosses to the bathroom, takes a plaid robe off the hook
text: on the back of the door, hands it to Fran.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Here -- put this on.
text: In the bathroom, he finds an unused toothbrush in a plastic
text: container. His eyes fall on his safety razor. With a glance
text: toward the bedroom, he unscrews the razor, removes the
text: blade, drops it in his shirt pocket. Then he empties the
text: blades from the dispenser, puts those in his pocket. Now he
text: notices a bottle of iodine on the medicine shelf, stashes
text: that in another pocket, just as Fran appears in the doorway
text: wearing the robe.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (handing her the toothbrush)
dialog: Here. How about some breakfast?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No -- I don't want anything.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'll fix you some coffee.
text: He crosses the bedroom, heading for the kitchen, stops.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh -- we're all out of coffee --
dialog: you had quite a lot of it last
dialog: night --
text: He thinks for a moment, hurries toward the hall door.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - DAY
text: Bud comes out of his apartment, leaving the door half open,
text: heads for the Dreyfuss apartment. He rings the bell, peers
text: down over the banister to make sure Mrs. Lieberman isn't
text: snooping around. Mrs. Dreyfuss opens the door.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mrs. Dreyfuss, can I borrow some
dialog: coffee -- and maybe an orange and a
dialog: couple of eggs?
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: Eggs he asks me for. Oranges. What
dialog: you need is a good horse-whipping.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Ma'am?
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: From me the doctor has no secrets.
dialog: Poor girl -- how could you do a
dialog: thing like that?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I didn't really do anything --
dialog: honest -- I mean, you take a girl
dialog: out a couple of times a week --
dialog: just for laughs -- and right away
dialog: she thinks you're serious --
dialog: marriage-wise.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: Big shot! For you, I wouldn't lift
dialog: a finger -- but for her, I'll fix a
dialog: little something to eat.
text: She slams the door in his face, Bud starts back to his
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - DAY
text: Fran enters shakily from the bedroom, looks around for the
text: phone, locates it, picks it up. As she starts dialing, Bud
text: comes in from the hall.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Who are you calling, Miss Kubelik?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: My sister -- she'll want to know
dialog: what happened to me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Wait a minute -- let's talk this
dialog: over first.
text: (hurries up to her,
dialog: takes the receiver away)
dialog: Just what are you going to tell her?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Well, I haven't figured it out,
dialog: exactly.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You better figure it out -- exactly.
dialog: Suppose she asks you why you didn't
dialog: come home last night?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'll tell her I spent the night
text: with a friend.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: Someone from the office.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: And where are you now?
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: In his apartment.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: His apartment?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I mean -- her apartment.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What's your friend's name?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What's her first name?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Miss.
dialog: (she is impressed
dialog: with her own cleverness)
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: When are you coming home?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: As soon as I can walk.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Something wrong with your legs?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No -- it's my stomach.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Your stomach?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: They had to pump it out.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (hanging up the phone)
dialog: Miss Kubelik, I don't think you
dialog: ought to call anybody -- not till
dialog: that chewing gum is out of your
dialog: head.
dialog: (leads her into bedroom)
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: But they'll be worried about me --
dialog: my brother-in-law may be calling
dialog: the police --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's why we have to be careful --
dialog: we don't want to involve anybody --
dialog: after all, Mr. Sheldrake is a
dialog: married man --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Thanks for reminding me.
text: She pulls away from him, starts to get into bed.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (contritely)
dialog: I didn't mean it that way -- I was
text: just talking to him on the phone --
dialog: he's very concerned about you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: He doesn't give a damn about me.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, you're wrong. He told me --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: He's a liar. But that's not the
dialog: worst part of it -- the worst part
dialog: is -- I still love him.
text: The doorbell rings.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Must be Mrs. Dreyfuss --
dialog: (starts into living room)
dialog: -- remember the doctor -- from last
dialog: night -- that's his wife.
text: He opens the hall door. Mrs. Dreyfuss brushes past him with
text: a tray full of food.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: So where is the victim?
dialog: (Bud indicates the bedroom)
dialog: Max the Knife!
text: She sweeps into the bedroom, Bud tagging along.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: (to Fran)
dialog: Nu, little lady, how are we feeling
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I don't know -- kind of dizzy.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: Here. The best thing for dizzy is a
dialog: little noodle soup with chicken --
text: white meat -- and a glass tea.
text: She sets the tray down on Fran's lap.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Thank you. I'm really not hungry.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: Go ahead! Eat! Enjoy!
text: She hands her the soup spoon, turns to Bud.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: You wouldn't have such a thing as a
dialog: napkin, would you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, I have some paper towels --
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: Beatnik! Go to my kitchen -- third
dialog: drawer, under the good silver,
text: there is napkins.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
text: He starts out with a worried backward glance toward the two.
text: Fran is just sitting there, the spoon in her hand, not
text: touching the soup.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: So what are you waiting for -- a
dialog: singing commercial?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I can't eat.
text: Mrs. Dreyfuss takes the spoon from her, starts to feed her.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: You must eat -- and you must get
dialog: healthy -- and you must forget him.
dialog: Such a fine boy he seemed when he
dialog: first moved in here -- clean and
dialog: cut -- a regular Ivy Leaguer. Turns
dialog: out he is King Farouk. Mit the
dialog: drinking -- mit the cha cha -- mit
dialog: the no napkins. A girl like you,
dialog: for the rest of your life you want
dialog: to cry in your noodle soup? Who
dialog: needs it! You listen to me, you
dialog: find yourself a nice, substantial
dialog: man -- a widower maybe -- and
dialog: settle down -- instead of nashing
dialog: all those sleeping pills -- for
dialog: what, for whom? -- for some Good
dialog: Time Charlie?
text: (sees Bud approaching
dialog: with napkin)
dialog: Sssh!
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (gaily)
text: One napkin, coming up.
dialog: (hands it to Fran)
dialog: I wish we had some champagne to
dialog: wrap it around.
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: (to Fran)
dialog: What did I tell you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Look, Mrs. Dreyfuss, you don't have
dialog: to wait around. I'll wash the
dialog: dishes and --
scene_heading: MRS. DREYFUSS
dialog: You wash 'em, you break 'em. I'll
dialog: come back for them later.
dialog: (to Fran)
dialog: If he makes trouble, give me a yell.
text: She exits.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: She doesn't seem to like you very
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, I don't mind. As a matter of
dialog: fact, I'm sort of flattered -- that
dialog: anybody should think a girl like
dialog: you -- would do a thing like
dialog: this -- over a guy like me.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (glancing at night table)
dialog: Oh. Did you find something here --
dialog: an envelope -- ?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, I've got it.
dialog: (takes envelope out
dialog: of back pocket)
dialog: Don't you think we'd better destroy
dialog: it? So it won't fall into the wrong
dialog: hands -- ?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Open it.
text: Bud tears open the envelope, takes out Sheldrake's hundred
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: There's nothing here but a hundred
dialog: dollar bill.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: That's right. Will you see that Mr.
dialog: Sheldrake gets it?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Sure.
text: He puts the money in his pocket.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (holding out tray)
dialog: Here -- take this, will you?
text: Bud relieves her of the tray, sets it down.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You want me to move the television
dialog: set in here?
dialog: (Fran shakes her head)
dialog: You play gin rummy?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm not very good at it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I am. Let me get the cards.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You don't have to entertain me.
text: Bud opens the bureau drawer, takes out a deck of cards, a
text: score pad, and a pencil.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Nothing I'd like better -- you know
dialog: togetherness. Guess what I did last
dialog: Christmas. Had an early dinner at
text: the automat, then went to the zoo,
dialog: then I came home and cleaned up
dialog: after Mr. Eichelberger -- he had a
dialog: little eggnog party here. I'm way
dialog: ahead this year.
text: He pulls a chair up to the bed, starts to shuffle the cards.
speaker_heading: BUD
text: Three across, spades double, high
dialog: deals.
dialog: (they cut)
dialog: Eight -- ten.
dialog: (he starts to deal)
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (pensively)
dialog: I think I'm going to give it all up.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Give what up?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Why do people have to love people,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah -- I know what you mean.
dialog: (flips over down card)
dialog: Queen.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I don't want it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Pick a card.
text: She does, and they start playing.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: What do you call it when somebody
text: keeps getting smashed up in
dialog: automobile accidents?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: A bad insurance risk?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: That's me with men. I've been
dialog: jinxed from the word go -- first
dialog: time I was ever kissed was in a
dialog: cemetery.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: A cemetery?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I was fifteen -- we used to go
dialog: there to smoke. His name was
dialog: George -- he threw me over for a
dialog: drum majorette.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Gin.
text: He spreads his hand. Fran lays her cards down, and Bud adds
dialog: them up.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thirty-six and twenty-five --
dialog: that's sixty-one and two boxes.
dialog: (enters score on pad)
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I just have this talent for falling
dialog: in love with the wrong guy in the
dialog: wrong place at the wrong time.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (shuffling)
dialog: How many guys were there?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (holding up four fingers)
dialog: Three. The last one was manager of
dialog: a finance company, back home in
dialog: Pittsburgh -- they found a little
dialog: shortage in his accounts, but he
dialog: asked me to wait for him -- he'll
dialog: be out in 1965.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (pushing the deck
dialog: toward her)
dialog: Cut.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (she does, and he
dialog: starts dealing)
dialog: So I came to New York and moved in
dialog: with my sister and her husband --
dialog: he drives a cab. They sent me to
dialog: secretarial school, and I applied
dialog: for a job with Consolidated - but I
dialog: flunked the typing test --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Too slow?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Oh. I can type up a storm, but I
dialog: can't spell. So they gave me a pair
dialog: of white gloves and stuck me in an
dialog: elevator -- that's how I met
dialog: Jeff --
text: (her eyes mist up,
dialog: and she puts her
dialog: cards down)
dialog: Oh, God, I'm so fouled up. What am
dialog: I going to do now?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You better win a hand -- you're on
text: a blitz.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Was he really upset when you told
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mr. Sheldrake? Oh, yes. Very.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Maybe he does love me -- only he
dialog: doesn't have the nerve to tell his
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm sure that's the explanation.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You really think so?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No doubt about it.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (a thoughtful beat, then)
dialog: Can I have that pad and the pencil?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (handing her score
dialog: pad and pencil)
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm going to write a letter to Mrs.
dialog: Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You are?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: As one woman to another -- I'm sure
dialog: she'll understand --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik, I don't think that's
dialog: such a good idea.
text: He gently takes the pad and pencil away from her.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, for one thing, you can't
dialog: spell. And secondly -- if you did
dialog: something like that -- you'd hate
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (fighting back tears)
dialog: I don't like myself very much anyway.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Pick up your cards and let's go.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Do I have to?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You bet. I got a terrific hand.
text: Fran, her eyes drooping sleepily, picks up her cards, makes
text: a discard.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You sure you want to throw that card?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Gin.
text: He removes the cards from her hand, starts to add them up.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Fifty-two and twenty-five -- that's
dialog: seventy-seven -- spades is double --
dialog: a hundred and fifty-four -- and
dialog: four boxes -- you're blitzed in two
dialog: games.
text: He enters the score on the pad. As he starts to shuffle
text: again, he notices that Fran has slid down on the pillow, and
text: that her eyes are closed -- she is asleep.
text: Bud rises, adjusts the blanket over her. He stands there
text: looking at her for a moment, runs his hand over his chin.
text: Realizing he needs a shave, he crosses to the bathroom.
text: In the bathroom, Bud washes his face, squirts some shaving
text: cream into his hand, starts to apply it.
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE HOUSE - DAY
text: A Volkswagen draws up to the curb in front of the house.
text: Kirkeby gets out on the street side, Sylvia squeezes herself
text: out through the other door. Kirkeby raises the front hood of
text: the Volkswagen, reaches into the luggage compartment, takes
text: out a cardboard bucket with a bottle of champagne on ice.
text: Together, he and Sylvia start up the steps of the house,
text: Sylvia already cha cha-ing in anticipation.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: In the bathroom, Bud has just finished lathering his face
text: when the doorbell rings. He starts into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: All right -- all right, Mrs.
dialog: Dreyfuss.
text: He glances at the sleeping Fran, picks up the tray, carries
text: it into the living room, pulling the bedroom door closed
text: behind him. But it doesn't shut completely, because of
text: Fran's dress hooked over the top.
text: Bud crosses to the hall door, opens it. Outside are Kirkeby,
text: with the champagne bucket, and Sylvia.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Hi, Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (blocking the door)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: What do I -- ?
dialog: (to Sylvia)
dialog: Just a minute.
text: He pushes his way into the apartment past Bud.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You can't come in.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (closing the door
dialog: behind him)
dialog: What's the matter with you, Buddy-
dialog: boy? I made a reservation for four
dialog: o'clock, remember?
text: He heads for the coffee table, sets the champagne down. Bud
text: shoots a quick glance toward the bedroom door, gets rid of
text: the tray.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Look, you can't stay here. Just
dialog: take your champagne and go.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Baxter, I don't want to pull rank
dialog: on you -- but I told the lady it
dialog: was all set -- you want to make a
dialog: liar out of me?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Are you going to leave, Mr. Kirkeby,
dialog: or do I have to throw you out?
text: As Bud spins him around, Kirkeby notices the dress on the
text: bedroom door.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Buddy-boy, why didn't you say so?
dialog: (indicating dress)
dialog: You got yourself a little playmate,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Now will you get out?
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - DAY
text: Outside the door of Bud's apartment, Sylvia is cha cha-ing
text: impatiently. Up the stairs comes Dr. Dreyfuss, in his
text: overcoat and carrying his medical bag.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (knocking on the door)
dialog: Hey, come on, what are we waiting
dialog: for? Open up, will you?
text: She continues cha-cha-ing. Dr. Dreyfuss has unlocked the
text: door to his apartment, and is watching Sylvia, appalled by
text: the fact that Baxter seems to be at it again. He starts
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Mildred -- !
text: He shuts the door behind him.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (knocking on Baxter's door)
dialog: What's holding things up?
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Kirkeby looks toward the door in response to Sylvia's
dialog: knocking.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Say, why don't we have ourselves a
dialog: party -- the four of us?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No!
text: He forces Kirkeby toward the hall door. Kirkeby, glancing
text: past him through the partly-open door of the bedroom,
text: catches sight of Fran asleep in bed.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (grinning smugly)
dialog: Well, I don't blame you. So you hit
dialog: the jackpot, eh kid -- I mean,
dialog: Kubelik-wise?
text: (Bud opens the door,
dialog: gestures him out)
dialog: Don't worry. I won't say a word to
dialog: anybody.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR LANDING - DAY
text: Kirkeby comes backing out the door of Bud's apartment, minus
text: the champagne bucket.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Stay with it, Buddy-boy!
text: (Bud shuts the door
dialog: on him)
dialog: Come on, Sylvia.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: What gives?
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: A little mixup in signals. Let's go.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Go where?
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (leading her toward stairs)
dialog: What's your mother doing this
dialog: afternoon?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
text: She's home -- stuffing a turkey.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Why don't we send her to a movie --
dialog: like Ben-Hur?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: That's fine. But what are we going
dialog: to do about grandma and Uncle
dialog: Herman and Aunt Sophie and my two
dialog: nieces --
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bud comes into the bedroom. As he heads for the bathroom,
text: Fran stirs slightly, opens her eyes.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Who was that?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Just somebody delivering a bottle
dialog: of champagne. Like some?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: Would you mind opening the window?
text: She turns off the electric blanket as Bud crosses to the
text: window, pushes it up. Then a thought strikes him, and he
text: looks at Fran suspiciously.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Now don't go getting any ideas,
dialog: Miss Kubelik.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I just want some fresh air.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's only one story down -- the
dialog: best you can do is break a leg.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: So they'll shoot me -- like a horse.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (approaching the bed)
dialog: Please, Miss Kubelik, you got to
dialog: promise me you won't do anything
dialog: foolish.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Who'd care?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I would.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: Why can't I ever fall in love with
dialog: somebody nice like you?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: Yeah. Well -- that's the way it
dialog: crumbles, cookie-wise. Go to sleep.
text: Fran closes her eyes. Bud returns to the bathroom, picks up
text: his razor, starts to shave. But something seems to be wrong
text: with the razor -- and unscrewing it, he realizes that there
text: is no blade. Sheepishly, he takes out the blade he hid in
text: his shirt pocket, inserts it in his razor, screws it shut.
text: Then he resumes shaving.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S ANTEROOM - DAY
text: It is the morning after Christmas, and Miss Olsen and the
text: other girls are just settling down to work. Sheldrake, in
text: hat and coat, approaches from the elevators, comes through
text: the glass doors.
speaker_heading: SECRETARIES
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (ignoring them)
dialog: Miss Olsen, will you come into my
dialog: office, please?
text: He strides into the inner office. Miss Olsen picks up her
text: stenographic pad, follows him in.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sheldrake is removing his hat and coat as Miss Olsen comes
text: in, shuts the door behind her.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: Did you have a nice Christmas?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Lovely. You were a big help.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Thank you for giving that little
text: pep talk to Miss Kubelik at the
dialog: office party.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: (dropping her
dialog: business-like mask)
dialog: I'm sorry, Jeff. You know I could
dialog: never hold my liquor --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: But I thought you could hold your
dialog: tongue.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: It won't happen again.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You bet it won't. I'll arrange for
dialog: you to get a month's severance
dialog: pay --
text: (she looks at him, uncomprehending)
dialog: That's right, Miss Olsen. I'm
dialog: letting you go.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You let me go four years ago, Jeff.
dialog: Only you were cruel enough to make
dialog: me sit out there and watch the new
text: models pass by.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I'd appreciate it if you'd be out
dialog: of here as soon as you can.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: (formal again)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.
text: She turns and walks out of the office, shutting the door.
text: Sheldrake looks after her for a moment, then goes to his
text: desk, picks up the phone, dials the operator.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: This is Mr. Sheldrake. I'd like Mr.
dialog: Baxter's home telephone number --
dialog: that's C.C. Baxter, in Ordinary
dialog: Premium Accounting --
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S ANTEROOM - DAY
text: Miss Olsen has put on her coat, and is going through her
text: desk drawers, cleaning out her personal belongings -- nail
text: polish, emery boards, an extra pair of glasses, etc. As she
text: stows them away in her handbag, one of the buttons on the
text: telephone lights up. Miss Olsen hesitates for a second, then
text: with a quick look around, she pushes the button down,
text: carefully picks up the receiver, listens in.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sheldrake is dialing the last two digits of a telephone
text: number. After a moment, someone answers.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Hello, Baxter? Jeff Sheldrake. Can
dialog: you talk?
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bud, wearing slacks, a shirt open at the neck, and a cardigan
text: sweater, is at the phone. A pillow and a blanket on the
text: living room couch indicate where he spent the night.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (looking off)
text: Yes, she's in the shower -- she's
dialog: coming along fine, considering.
scene_heading: SHELDRAKE - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Good. Is there anything you need --
dialog: money -- ?
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, thank you, Mr. Sheldrake. As a
dialog: matter of fact, I've got some money
dialog: for you -- a hundred dollars --
scene_heading: SHELDRAKE - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Well, if there's anything I can do
dialog: for you --
scene_heading: BUD - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: For me? I don't think so. But I was
dialog: hoping maybe you could do something
dialog: for her --
scene_heading: SHELDRAKE - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Like what? Put yourself in my
dialog: place, Baxter -- how can I help
dialog: her -- my hands are tied --
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Fran now appears in the bedroom, wearing the plaid robe, and
text: toweling her damp hair.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Well, at least you can talk to
dialog: her -- let me put her on -- and
dialog: please be gentle --
text: He puts the receiver down, crosses toward the bedroom door.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: There's a call for you --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: For me?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: -- Mr. Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I don't want to talk to him.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I think you should. I have to run
dialog: down to the grocery anyway -- all
dialog: that's left around here is one
dialog: frozen pizza --
dialog: (takes raincoat and
dialog: old hat from hanger)
dialog: I'll be right back -- okay?
text: Fran nods, watches him go out. Then she glances toward the
text: phone, which is off the hook. Reluctantly she advances
text: toward it, picks it up.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello, Jeff.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Yes, I'm all right.
scene_heading: SHELDRAKE - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Fran, why did you do it? It's so
dialog: childish -- and it never solves
dialog: anything -- I ought to be very
dialog: angry with you, scaring me like
dialog: that -- but let's forget the whole
dialog: thing -- pretend it never
dialog: happened -- what do you say, Fran?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Fran --
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S ANTEROOM
text: Miss Olsen, glued to the phone, is listening intently.
scene_heading: SHELDRAKE - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Are you there, Fran?
speaker_heading: FRAN - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Of course I'm not here -- because
dialog: the whole thing never happened -- I
dialog: never took those pills -- I never
dialog: loved you -- we never even met --
dialog: isn't that the way you want it?
scene_heading: SHELDRAKE - ON PHONE
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: There you go again -- you know I
dialog: didn't mean it that way, Fran. Just
dialog: get well -- do what the nurse tells
dialog: you -- I mean Baxter -- and I'll
dialog: see you as soon as I can. Bye, Fran.
dialog: (he hangs up)
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S ANTEROOM - DAY
text: Miss Olsen hangs up the phone, sits there for a moment,
text: weighing what she has overheard. Then she makes a decision,
text: picks up the phone again, dials a number. As she waits for
text: an answer, she glances toward Sheldrake's office.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Sheldrake? This is Miss
dialog: Olsen -- fine, thank you -- Mrs.
dialog: Sheldrake, I was wondering if we
dialog: could have lunch together? -- well,
dialog: I don't know how important it is,
dialog: but I think you might find it
dialog: educational -- it concerns your
dialog: husband -- all right, one o'clock,
text: at Longchamp's, Madison and 59th.
text: She looks up as the door to the inner office opens and
text: Sheldrake comes out. He stops when he sees that Miss Olsen
text: is still there.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: (hanging up phone)
dialog: Don't worry, I'm on my way.
dialog: (she rises)
dialog: I was just making a personal call.
text: She opens her handbag, takes out a coin, puts it down on the
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: MISS OLSEN
dialog: Here's a dime.
text: She marches out through the glass doors toward the elevators
text: as Sheldrake stands there, watching her.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE HOUSE - DAY
text: Bud comes down the street, carrying a large brown paper bag
text: overflowing with groceries. He goes up the steps of the
text: house and through the front door.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE AND SECOND FLOOR LANDING - DAY
text: As Bud starts up the stairs, with the groceries, Mrs.
text: Lieberman comes hurrying down toward him.
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: (breathlessly)
dialog: Oh, Mr. Baxter -- I'm glad you're
dialog: here -- I was just going to get the
dialog: passkey.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What for?
scene_heading: MRS. LIEBERMAN
dialog: I thought I smelled gas coming from
dialog: your apartment.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Gas?
text: He races up the stairs two at a time, fumbling frantically
text: for his key. Reaching the door of his apartment, he unlocks
text: it, dashes in.
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bud comes bursting through the door. The living room is
text: empty, and the bedclothes have been removed from the couch.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Miss Kubelik!
text: He dumps the bag of groceries on a table, rushes into the
text: kitchen. The burner has been turned on under the kettle, but
text: there is no flame, and gas is hissing from the vents. Bud
text: snaps it off, starts out again.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Miss Kubelik!
text: Meanwhile Fran has appeared from the bathroom, and is
text: approaching the bedroom door. She is still in her robe, and
text: is holding a double sock-stretcher with one of Bud's socks
text: on it. Bud, rounding the corner from the kitchen at full
text: speed, collides with Fran in the bedroom doorway. He grabs
text: her arms with obvious relief.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (sniffs)
dialog: What's that funny smell?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Gas.
dialog: (indicating kitchen)
dialog: Didn't you turn it on?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Yes. I was boiling some water to
dialog: get the coffee stains out of my
dialog: dress.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: You turned it on -- but you didn't
dialog: light it.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Are you supposed to?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: In this house, you're supposed to.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Oh.
text: Bud starts to take off his hat and coat, notices the sock-
text: stretcher in her hand.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What are you doing with that?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I was washing my stockings, so I
dialog: decided I might as well do your
dialog: socks.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: It's very curious -- I could only
text: find three and a half pair.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, things are a little
text: disorganized around here.
text: He carries the bag of groceries into the kitchen, Fran
text: trailing after him. During the following, he removes the
text: contents of the bag -- bread, eggs, bacon, spaghetti, ground
text: round, frankfurters, and assorted canned goods -- sets them
text: out on the drainboard.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'd say. What's a tennis racquet
dialog: doing in the kitchen?
text: She produces the racquet from behind the stove.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Tennis racquet? Oh, I remember -- I
dialog: was cooking myself an Italian
dialog: dinner.
text: (Fran looks at him oddly)
dialog: I used it to strain the spaghetti.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (thinking it over)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty
dialog: good cook -- but I'm a lousy
dialog: housekeeper.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Yes, you are,
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: living room)
dialog: When I was straightening up the
dialog: couch, you know what I found? Six
text: hairpins, a lipstick, a pair of
text: false eyelashes, and a swizzle
dialog: stick from the Stork Club.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: It's just that I'm the kind of guy
dialog: who can't say no -- I don't mean to
dialog: girls -- I mean --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You mean to someone like Mr.
dialog: Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I know so. He's a taker.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: A what?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Some people take, some people get
dialog: took -- and they know they're
dialog: getting took -- and there's nothing
dialog: they can do about it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I wouldn't say that --
dialog: (trying to change the subject)
dialog: What would you like to have for
dialog: diner? There's onion soup and
dialog: canned asparagus --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I really ought to be getting home.
dialog: My family will be flipping by now.
text: She starts into the living room. Bud follows her.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You can't leave yet. The doctor
dialog: says it takes forty-eight hours to
dialog: get the stuff out of your system.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (wistfully)
dialog: I wonder how long it takes to get
dialog: someone you're stuck on out of your
dialog: system? If they'd only invent some
dialog: kind of a pump for that --
text: She sits on the arm of a chair.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I know how you feel, Miss Kubelik.
dialog: You think it's the end of the
dialog: world -- but it's not, really. I
dialog: went through exactly the same thing
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, maybe not exactly -- I tried
dialog: to do it with a gun.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Over a girl?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Worse than that -- she was the wife
dialog: of my best friend -- and I was mad
dialog: for her. But I knew it was
dialog: hopeless -- so I decided to end it
dialog: all. I went to a pawnshop and
dialog: bought a forty-five automatic and
dialog: drove up to Eden Park -- do you
dialog: know Cincinnati?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No, I don't.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Anyway, I parked the car and loaded
dialog: the gun -- well, you read in the
dialog: papers all the time that people
dialog: shoot themselves, but believe me,
dialog: it's not that easy -- I mean, how
dialog: do you do it? -- here, or here, or
dialog: here --
dialog: (with cocked finger,
text: he points to his
dialog: temple, mouth and chest)
dialog: -- you know where I finally shot
dialog: myself?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (indicating kneecap)
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: In the knee?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Uh-huh. While I was sitting there,
dialog: trying to make my mind up, a cop
text: stuck his head in the car, because
dialog: I was illegally parked -- so I
text: started to hide the gun under the
dialog: seat and it went off -- pow!
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: That's terrible.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah. Took me a year before I could
dialog: bend my knee -- but I got over the
dialog: girl in three weeks. She still
dialog: lives in Cincinnati, has four kids,
dialog: gained twenty pounds -- she sends
dialog: me a fruit cake every Christmas.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (suddenly suspicious)
dialog: Are you just making that up to make
dialog: me feel better?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Of course not. Here's the fruit
dialog: cake.
dialog: (shows it to her
dialog: under Christmas tree)
dialog: And you want to see my knee?
dialog: (starts to raise
dialog: pant-leg)
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No, thanks. The fellows in the
dialog: office may get the wrong idea how I
dialog: found out.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: So let 'em. Look, I'm going to cook
dialog: dinner for us. We'll have the fruit
dialog: cake for dessert. You just sit
dialog: there and rest. You've done enough
dialog: for one day.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yes, nurse.
text: Bud starts happily into the kitchen.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY INSURANCE BUILDING - DAY
text: It is mid-afternoon, and traffic is light. A Yellow Cab has
text: pulled up in front of the entrance, and the driver, a
text: stockily-built young man in a leather jacket and cap, gets
text: out and comes through the revolving doors into the lobby.
text: His name is KARL MATUSCHKA, and he is Fran's brother-in-law.
text: As he cases the elevators, the starter comes up to him.
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR STARTER
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: I'm looking for one of the elevator
dialog: girls -- Miss Kubelik.
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR STARTER
dialog: So am I. She didn't report this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: She didn't. Where can I get some
dialog: information -- who's in charge here?
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR STARTER
dialog: That comes under General Office
dialog: Administration. See Mr. Dobisch,
text: twenty-first floor.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: Thanks.
text: He steps into an elevator, the doors of which are just
dialog: closing.
scene_heading: INT. DOBISCH'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Dobisch is sitting behind his desk, lighting a cigar.
text: Kirkeby, who has dropped in for a little visit, is perched
text: on the edge of the desk.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: -- so yesterday afternoon I take
text: Sylvia up to the apartment, and
dialog: guess who he's got stashed away in
dialog: the bedroom?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Kubelik.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: No kidding. Buddy-boy and Kubelik
dialog: having themselves a little toot!
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Toot? It's more like a lost weekend.
dialog: Neither of them showed up for work
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: A.W.O.L.?
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: What gripes me is the two of them
dialog: were guzzling my champagne while
dialog: Sylvia and I wound up at the
dialog: Guggenheim Museum.
text: The glass door opens and Matuschka comes in.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: Mr. Dobisch?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: My name is Karl Matuschka -- my
text: sister-in-law, she runs one of the
dialog: elevators here -- Fran Kubelik.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (exchanging a glance
dialog: with Dobisch)
dialog: Miss Kubelik?
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: You know her?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Of course. There may be a lot of
dialog: employees here -- but we're one big
dialog: happy family.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: Well, she lives with us -- and my
dialog: wife, she's getting a little
dialog: nervous -- on account of Fran
dialog: hasn't been home for two days.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (another look at Dobisch)
dialog: That so.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: Anyway, we was wondering if somebody
dialog: in the office would know what
dialog: happened to her.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: I see.
dialog: (to Kirkeby)
dialog: What do you think, Al? Can we help
dialog: the man?
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (after a pregnant pause)
dialog: Why not? We don't owe Buddy-boy
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Yeah. What's Buddy-boy done for us
dialog: lately?
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: (scowling)
dialog: Who is Buddy-boy?
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Buddy-boy is bending over a hot stove, preparing an Italian
text: dinner. He takes a saucepan of spaghetti off the fire, and
text: picking up the tennis racquet with the other hand, pours the
text: spaghetti on top of the racquet strings. Then he turns on
text: the faucet, runs water over the spaghetti. With the combined
text: technique of Brillat-Savarin and Pancho Gonzales, he gently
text: agitates the racquet, letting the water drain off the
text: spaghetti. As he works, he hums a theme from Tschaikowsky's
dialog: Capriccio Italien.
text: Fran walks in, still in her robe.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Are we dressing for dinner?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No -- just come as you are.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (watching him)
dialog: Say, you're pretty good with that
dialog: racquet.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You ought to see my backhand.
dialog: (dumping spaghetti
dialog: into platter)
dialog: And wait till I serve the meatballs.
dialog: (demonstrates)
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Shall I light the candles?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: It's a must -- gracious-living-wise.
text: As Fran starts into the living room, Bud begins to ladle
text: meat sauce onto the spaghetti, humming operatically.
text: In the living room, the small table has been set for two,
text: and prominent on it is the champagne bottle that Mr. Kirkeby
text: left behind, still in its cardboard bucket, but freshly iced.
text: As Fran lights the candles, she notices the napkins on the
text: table, peels a price-tag off the corner of one of them.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I see you bought some napkins.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Might as well go all the way.
text: He carries the platter of spaghetti and meat sauce in from
text: the kitchen, sets it on the table, sprinkles some cheese on
text: it. Then he crosses to the coffee table, where a full
text: martini pitcher stands in readiness, fills a couple of
text: glasses. Fran seats herself at the table.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You know, I used to live like
dialog: Robinson Crusoe -- shipwrecked
dialog: among eight million people. Then
dialog: one day I saw a footprint in the
dialog: sand -- and there you were --
dialog: (hands her martini)
dialog: It's a wonderful thing -- dinner
dialog: for two.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: You usually eat alone?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, no. Sometimes I have dinner
dialog: with Ed Sullivan, sometimes with
dialog: Dinah Shore or Perry Como -- the
dialog: other night I had dinner with Mae
dialog: West -- of course, she was much
dialog: younger then.
dialog: (toasting)
dialog: Cheers.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Cheers.
dialog: They drink.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You know what we're going to do
dialog: after dinner?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: The dishes?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I mean, after that?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You don't have to if you don't want
dialog: to --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I don't?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: We're going to finish that gin game.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: So I want you to keep a clear head.
text: The door bell rings. Carrying his martini glass, Bud crosses
text: to the door, starts to open it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Because I don't want to take
dialog: advantage of you -- the way I did
dialog: yesterday in bed.
text: By now the door is open, and Bud is speaking to Fran over
text: his shoulder. He turns, finds himself face to face with Karl
text: Matuschka, who is standing grimly in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: Baxter?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes?
text: Matuschka shoves him roughly aside, strides past him toward
text: Fran, who has risen to her feet.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: What's with you, Fran -- did you
dialog: forget where you live?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (to Bud)
dialog: This is my brother-in-law, Karl
dialog: Matuschka.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Matuschka?
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: (pushing Bud away; to Fran)
dialog: Okay, get your clothes on. I got
text: the cab downstairs.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Now, wait a minute. I know what
dialog: you're thinking -- but it's not as
dialog: bad as it looks --
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: (shoving him away)
dialog: It's none of my business what you
dialog: do, Fran -- you're over twenty-
dialog: one -- but your sister happens to
dialog: think you're a lady.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: All we were going to do is eat and
dialog: wash the dishes --
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: (grabbing him)
dialog: Look, Buddy-boy -- if there wasn't
dialog: a lady present, I'd clobber you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (separating them)
dialog: All right, Karl -- I'll get dressed.
text: She exits into the bedroom, removing her dress from the
text: door, and closing it. Matuschka leans against the wall
text: beside the hall door, eyeing Bud truculently. Bud raises a
text: finger to remonstrate with him -- then breaks into a nervous,
text: ingratiating smile.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Care for a martini? Champagne?
dialog: (Matuschka continues
dialog: glaring at him)
dialog: How about a little spaghetti with
dialog: meat sauce? Made it myself.
dialog: (Matuschka just scowls)
dialog: Your sister-in-law sure is
dialog: terrific --
dialog: (realizes his mistake;
dialog: switching abruptly)
dialog: Must be murder driving a cab in New
dialog: York -- I mean, with all that
dialog: cross-town traffic --
text: He gestures with the martini glass, spilling the contents
text: over his shirtfront. Through the partly open hall door, Dr.
text: Dreyfuss sticks his head in.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Hi, Baxter.
text: He steps into the apartment, passing Matuschka without
text: seeing him.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: How's the patient?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Oh, I'm fine, Doc.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Not you -- Miss Kubelik.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: (stepping forward)
dialog: What's the matter with Miss Kubelik?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, this is Mr. Matuschka -- he's
dialog: Miss Kubelik's -- he's got a cab
dialog: downstairs --
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: (to Dreyfuss)
dialog: Fran been sick or something?
text: Dr. Dreyfuss looks at Bud.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, no -- just had a little accident.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: (to Dreyfuss)
dialog: What does he mean, accident?
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Well, these things happen all the
dialog: time --
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: What things?
dialog: (grabbing Dreyfuss)
dialog: Say, what kind of doctor are you,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (hastily)
dialog: Oh, not that kind. He just gave her
text: a shot and pumped her stomach out --
text: Behind them, the bedroom door has opened, and Fran comes
text: out, wearing her coat over her dress.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (coming up)
dialog: Because I took some sleeping pills.
dialog: But I'm all right now -- so let's go.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: Why did you take sleeping pills?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (promptly)
dialog: On account of me.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: (whirling on him)
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Who else?
text: Matuschka lashes out with a left to Bud's jaw, and while he
text: is off balance, catches him with a right to the eye. Bud
text: falls back against the Christmas tree, which topples with a
text: crash. Fran pulls Matuschka away from him.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Leave him alone, Karl.
text: She kneels beside Bud.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: You fool -- you damn fool.
speaker_heading: MATUSCHKA
dialog: Come on, Fran.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Baxter.
text: She kisses him on the cheek, rises, starts toward the door.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Goodbye, doctor.
text: She follows Matuschka out. Bud looks after her, starry-eyed.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: I don't want to gloat, but just
dialog: between us, you had that coming to
dialog: you.
text: (tilts Bud's chin up,
dialog: examines his eye)
dialog: Tch, tch, tch. Are you going to
dialog: have a shiner tomorrow. Let me get
dialog: my bag.
dialog: (he starts out)
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: Don't bother, Doc. It doesn't hurt
dialog: a bit.
text: He is on Cloud Nine.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. NINETEENTH FLOOR - DAY
text: Bud is coming from the elevators toward his office. He is
text: wearing his chesterfield, bowler, and a pair of dark glasses.
text: He opens the office door, starts in.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud crosses directly to the phone, removes his glasses
text: revealing a swollen left eye. He dials a number.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mr. Sheldrake's office? This is C.C.
dialog: Baxter. Would you please tell Mr.
dialog: Sheldrake I'd like to come up and
dialog: see him? It's rather important.
dialog: Will you call me back, please?
text: He hangs up, takes off his hat and coat, deposits them on
text: the clothes- tree. Then he paces around the office,
text: rehearsing a speech out loud.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news
dialog: for you. All your troubles are over.
dialog: I'm going to take Miss Kubelik off
dialog: your hands.
dialog: (nods to himself with satisfaction)
dialog: The plain fact is, Mr. Sheldrake,
dialog: that I love her. I haven't told her
dialog: yet, but I thought you should be
dialog: the first to know. After all, you
dialog: don't really want her, and I do,
dialog: and although it may sound
dialog: presumptuous, she needs somebody
dialog: like me. So I think it would be the
dialog: thing all around --
text: (the phone rings and
dialog: he picks it up)
dialog: -- solution-wise.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes? I'll be right up.
text: He hangs up, crosses to the door, opens it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news
dialog: for you --
text: Putting on his dark glasses, he heads for the elevators,
text: still talking to himself.
scene_heading: INT. NINETEENTH FLOOR - DAY
text: Kirkeby and Dobisch are just stepping out of an elevator
text: when Bud approaches. They grin smugly when they see that he
text: is wearing dark glasses.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: Hi, Buddy-boy. What happened to you?
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
text: Hit by a swinging door? Or maybe a
dialog: Yellow Cab?
text: Bud pays no attention, walks right past them into the
text: elevator, still muttering to himself. The doors close.
speaker_heading: KIRKEBY
dialog: (as they move away
dialog: from the elevators)
text: That guy really must've belted him.
speaker_heading: DOBISCH
dialog: Yeah, he's punchy. Talking to
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: INT. TWENTY-SEVENTH FLOOR FOYER - DAY
text: The elevator doors open.
scene_heading: ELEVATOR OPERATOR
dialog: Twenty-seven.
text: Bud steps out. As he heads for Sheldrake's office, he
text: continues rehearsing his speech.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You see, Mr. Sheldrake, those two
dialog: days she spent in the apartment --
dialog: it made me realize how lonely I'd
dialog: been before. But thanks to you, I'm
dialog: in a financial position to marry
dialog: her -- if I can ever square things
dialog: with her family.
text: He opens the door to Sheldrake's anteroom.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sheldrake is pacing in front of his desk. A couple of
text: suitcases are standing in a corner of the room. The intercom
text: buzzes, and Sheldrake presses the lever down.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY'S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Baxter is here.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Send him in.
text: A beat, then the door opens, and Bud marches in determinedly.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news
dialog: for you --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: And I've got good news for you,
dialog: Baxter. All your troubles are over.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (reacting to the echo)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I know how worried you were about
dialog: Miss Kubelik -- well, stop
dialog: worrying -- I'm going to take her
dialog: off your hands.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: You're going to take her off my
dialog: hands?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: That's right.
dialog: (indicating suitcases)
dialog: I've moved out of my house -- I'm
dialog: going to be staying in town, at the
dialog: Athletic Club.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You left your wife?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Well, if you must know -- I fired
dialog: my secretary, my secretary got to
dialog: my wife, and my wife fired me.
dialog: Ain't that a kick in the head?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Now what was your news, Baxter?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (recovering with difficulty)
dialog: It's about Miss Kubelik -- she's
dialog: all right again -- so she went back
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Swell. And don't think I've
dialog: forgotten what you did for me.
dialog: (opens door to
dialog: adjoining office)
dialog: This way, Baxter.
text: Bud advances slowly toward the door.
scene_heading: INT. ADJOINING OFFICE - DAY
text: It is a slightly smaller and less lavish edition of Sheldrake
text: s office. Sheldrake ushers Bud through the door, points to
text: the chair behind the desk.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Sit down. Try it on for size.
text: Bud obeys like an automaton, lowers himself into the chair.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You like?
dialog: (indicating office)
dialog: It's all yours.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Mine?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: My assistant, Roy Thompson, has
dialog: been shifted to the Denver office,
dialog: and you're taking his place.
dialog: (no reaction from Bud)
dialog: What's the matter, Baxter? You
dialog: don't seem very excited.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, it's just that so many things
dialog: have been happening so fast -- I'm
dialog: very pleased -- especially for Miss
dialog: Kubelik. Now that I've gotten to
dialog: know her better, I think she's the
dialog: kind of girl that definitely ought
dialog: to be married to somebody --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Oh, sure, sure. But first the
dialog: property settlement has to be
dialog: worked out -- then it takes six
dialog: weeks in Reno -- meanwhile, I'm
dialog: going to enjoy being a bachelor for
dialog: a while.
text: (starts back toward
dialog: his own office)
dialog: Oh, by the way, you can now have
dialog: lunch in the executive dining
dialog: room --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He removes his dark glasses reflectively.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: That's just one of the privileges
dialog: that goes with this job. You also
dialog: get a nice little expense account,
dialog: the use of the executive washroom --
text: (breaks off, peers at
dialog: Bud's face)
dialog: Say, what happened to you, Baxter?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I got kicked in the head, too.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Oh?
text: With a shrug, he exits into his own office, closing the door
text: behind him. Bud sits there, unconsciously bending the
text: glasses in his hand until they suddenly snap in two. Bud
text: glances down at the two broken halves, as though surprised
text: by his own violence, tosses them on the desk.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY INSURANCE BUILDING - EVENING
dialog: We are close on the building directory. Listed under
text: PERSONNEL is J.D. SHELDRAKE, Director, and just below that a man's
text: hand is inserting the name C.C. BAXTER in the slot marked Asst.
text: Director. The lettering is complete except for the final R.
text: Camera pulls back to reveal the sign painter we saw earlier,
text: working on the directory. Watching him is Bud. He is wearing
text: his chesterfield and bowler, and still has a slight welt
text: under his left eye. It is after six o'clock, and there is
text: very little activity in the lobby.
text: Fran, wearing her coat over street clothes, approaches from
text: the direction of the elevators, stops when she sees Bud.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Baxter.
text: Bud turns to her in surprise, removes his bowler.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Oh, Miss Kubelik. How do you feel?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Fine. How's your eye?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Fine.
text: There is a moment of constraint between them.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: How's everything at the apartment?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Nothing's changed. You know, we
dialog: never finished that gin game --
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I know.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I suppose you heard about Mr.
dialog: Sheldrake --?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You mean, leaving his wife? Yeah.
dialog: I'm very happy for you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I never thought he'd do it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I told you all along. You see, you
dialog: were wrong about Mr. Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: For that matter, you were wrong
dialog: about me, too. What you said about
dialog: those who take and those who get
dialog: took? Well, Mr. Sheldrake wasn't
dialog: using me -- I was using him. See?
dialog: (indicating his name
dialog: on directory)
dialog: Last month I was at desk 861 on the
dialog: nineteenth floor -- now I'm on the
text: twenty-seventh floor, paneled
dialog: office, three windows -- so it all
dialog: worked out fine -- we're both
dialog: getting what we want.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Yes.
text: (looks at her watch)
dialog: You walking to the subway?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, thank you.
dialog: (fumbling)
dialog: I -- well, to tell you the truth --
dialog: (glancing around lobby)
dialog: -- I have this heavy date for
dialog: tonight --
text: He points off toward the newsstand. Standing there is a
text: tall, attractive brunette, obviously waiting for someone.
text: Fran looks off in the indicated direction.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Aren't you meeting Mr. Sheldrake?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: No. You know how people talk. So I
dialog: decided it would be better if we
dialog: didn't see each other till
dialog: everything is settled, divorce-wise.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's very wise.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Good night, Mr. Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Good night, Miss Kubelik.
text: Fran walks toward the revolving doors. Bud watches her for a
text: moment, then strides briskly across the lobby toward the
text: newsstand. He goes right past the waiting brunette, stops in
text: front of a rack of pocket books, examines the merchandise. A
text: man now comes out of a phone booth, joins the waiting
text: brunette, and they go off together. Bud picks out a couple
text: of paperbacks, pays the clerk behind the counter. Stuffing a
text: book into each coat pocket, he moves slowly toward the
text: revolving doors.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sheldrake is swiveled around sideways behind his desk, with
text: a bootblack kneeling in front of him, shining his shoes.
text: Reaching for the intercom, Sheldrake presses down one of the
text: levers.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Baxter -- would you mind stepping
dialog: in her for a minute?
speaker_heading: BAXTER'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.
text: The bootblack finishes the second shoe with a flourish,
text: gathers up his equipment. Sheldrake tosses him a half dollar.
speaker_heading: BOOTBLACK
dialog: Much obliged.
text: He exits into the anteroom as the door of the adjoining
text: office opens and Bud comes in, carrying several charts.
text: There is no trace left of his black eye.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (putting charts on desk)
dialog: Here's the breakdown of figures on
dialog: personnel turnover. Thirty-seven
dialog: percent of our female employees
dialog: leave to get married, twenty-two
dialog: percent quit because --
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (breaking in)
dialog: You're working too hard, Baxter.
dialog: It's New Year's Eve -- relax.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I suppose you'll be on the town
dialog: tonight -- celebrating?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Naturally.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Me, too. I'm taking Miss Kubelik
dialog: out -- I finally talked her into
dialog: it --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: The only thing is I'm staying at
dialog: the Athletic Club -- and it's
dialog: strictly stag so if you don't
dialog: mind --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Don't mind what?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: You know that other key to your
dialog: apartment -- well, when we had that
dialog: little scare about Miss Kubelik, I
dialog: thought I'd better get rid of it
dialog: quick -- so I threw it out the
text: window of the commuter train.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Very clever.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Now I'll have to borrow your key.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: What do you mean, sorry?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: You're not going to bring anybody
dialog: up to my apartment.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I'm not just bringing anybody --
dialog: I'm bringing Miss Kubelik.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Especially not Miss Kubelik.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: How's that again?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: No key!
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Baxter, I picked you for my team
dialog: because I thought you were a bright
dialog: young man. You realize what you're
dialog: doing? Not to me -- but to yourself.
dialog: Normally it takes years to work
dialog: your way up to the twenty-seventh
dialog: floor -- but it takes only thirty
text: seconds to be out on the street
dialog: again. You dig?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (nodding slowly)
dialog: I dig.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: So what's it going to be?
text: Without taking his eyes off Sheldrake, Bud reaches into his
text: pocket, fishes out a key, drops it on the desk.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Now you're being bright?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: He turns abruptly, starts back into his own office.
scene_heading: INT. BUD'S NEW OFFICE - DAY
text: Bud comes in, shutting the door behind him, stands rooted to
text: the spot for a moment. Then he takes some pencils out of his
text: breast pocket and drops them into a container on the desk,
text: closes his account book, slams a couple of open file drawers
dialog: shut.
text: As he crosses to the clothes closet, the connecting door
text: opens and Sheldrake comes in, key in hand.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Say, Baxter -- you gave me the
dialog: wrong key.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No I didn't.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: (holding it out)
dialog: But this is the key to the executive
dialog: washroom.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: That's right, Mr. Sheldrake. I
dialog: won't be needing it -- because I'm
dialog: all washed up around here.
text: He has taken his chesterfield and bowler out of the closet,
text: and is putting the coat on.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: What's gotten into you, Baxter?
speaker_heading: BUD
text: Just following doctor's orders.
dialog: I've decided to become a mensch.
dialog: You know what that means? A human
dialog: being.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Now hold on, Baxter --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Save it. The old payola won't work
dialog: any more. Goodbye, Mr. Sheldrake.
text: He opens the door to the anteroom, starts out.
scene_heading: INT. SHELDRAKE'S ANTEROOM - DAY
text: Bud comes out of his office, carrying his bowler, strides
text: past the secretaries and through the glass doors to the
text: foyer. An elevator is just unloading, and beside it a
text: handyman is cleaning out one of the cigarette receptacles.
text: Bud crosses to the elevator, and as he passes the handyman,
text: he jams his bowler on the man's head -- surrendering his
text: crown, so to speak. The elevator doors close. The handyman
text: straightens up, looks around in bewilderment.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bud is in the process of packing. In the middle of the
text: living room are several large cardboard cartons filled with
text: his possessions. The art posters are off the walls, the
text: bric-a-brac has been removed from the shelves, and Bud is
text: stowing away the last of his books and records. He crosses
text: to the fireplace, opens one of the drawers in the cabinet
text: above it, takes out a forty-five automatic. He holds the gun
text: in the palm of his hand, studies it appraisingly.
text: The doorbell rings. Bud snaps out of his reverie, drops the
text: gun into one of the cartons, goes to the door and opens it.
text: Standing outside is Dr. Dreyfuss, with a plastic ice bucket
text: in his hand.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Say, Baxter -- we're having a
dialog: little party and we ran out of
dialog: ice -- so I was wondering --
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Sure, Doc.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (stepping inside)
dialog: How come you're alone on New Year's
dialog: Eve?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Well, I have things to do --
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: (noticing cartons)
dialog: What's this -- you packing?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Yeah -- I'm giving up the apartment.
text: He goes into the kitchen, opens the refrigerator, starts to
text: pry out the ice-cube trays.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Where are you moving to?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I don't know. All I know is I got
dialog: to get out of this place.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Sorry to lose you, Baxter.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Me? Oh, you mean my body. Don't
dialog: worry, Doc -- it'll go to the
dialog: University -- I'll put it in
dialog: writing --
text: He dumps the ice-cubes, still in their trays, into the
text: bucket Dr. Dreyfuss is holding. Then he pulls Kirkeby's
text: unopened bottle of champagne out of the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Can you use a bottle of champagne?
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Booze we don't need. Why don't you
dialog: join us, Baxter? We got two brain
text: surgeons, an ear, nose and throat
dialog: specialist, a proctologist, and
text: three nurses from Bellevue.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: No, thanks -- I don't feel like it.
dialog: Look, Doc -- in case I don't see
dialog: you again -- how much do I owe you
dialog: for taking care of that girl?
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Forget it -- I didn't do it as a
dialog: doctor -- I did it as a neighbor.
dialog: (stopping in doorway)
dialog: By the way, whatever happened to her?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (airily)
dialog: You know me with girls. Easy come,
dialog: easy go. Goodbye, Doc.
scene_heading: DR. DREYFUSS
dialog: Happy New Year.
text: Bud closes the door, returns to the kitchen, brings out a
text: box of glassware and the tennis racquet. As he starts to
text: deposit the racquet in a carton, he notices a strand of
text: spaghetti clinging to the strings. He removes it gently,
text: stands there twirling the limp spaghetti absently around his
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: It is five minutes before midnight, New Year's Eve. Sitting
text: alone in the last booth is Fran, a paper hat on her head, a
text: pensive look on her face. There are two champagne glasses on
text: the table, and the usual noisemakers, but the chair opposite
text: her is empty. Above the general hubbub, the Chinese pianist
text: can be heard playing. After a moment, Fran glances off.
text: Threading his way through the merrymakers crowding the bar
text: and overflowing from the booths is Sheldrake. He is in
text: dinner clothes, topped by a paper hat. Reaching the last
text: booth, he drops into the chair facing Fran.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Sorry it took me so long on the
dialog: phone. But we're all set.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: All set for what?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I rented a car -- it's going to be
dialog: here at one o'clock -- we're
dialog: driving to Atlantic City.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Atlantic City?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I know it's a drag -- but you can't
dialog: find a hotel room in town -- not on
dialog: New Year's Eve.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (a long look at Sheldrake)
dialog: Ring out the old year, ring in the
dialog: new. Ring-a-ding-ding.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: I didn't plan it this way, Fran --
dialog: actually, it's all Baxter's fault.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Baxter?
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: He wouldn't give me the key to the
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: He wouldn't.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Just walked out on me -- quit --
dialog: threw that big fat job right in my
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (a faint smile)
dialog: The nerve.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: That little punk -- after all I did
dialog: for him! He said I couldn't bring
dialog: anybody to his apartment --
dialog: especially not Miss Kubelik. What's
dialog: he got against you, anyway?
speaker_heading: FRAN
text: (a faraway look in
dialog: her eye)
dialog: I don't know. I guess that's the
text: way it crumbles -- cookie-wise.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'd spell it out for you -- only I
dialog: can't spell.
text: The piano player is consulting the watch on his upraised
text: left arm. He drops the arm in a signal, and the lights go
text: out. At the same time, he strikes up AULD LANG SYNE.
text: All over the dimly lit room, couples get to their feet,
text: embracing and joining in the song.
text: In the last booth, Sheldrake leans across the table, kisses
dialog: Fran.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Happy New Year, Fran.
text: Fran's expression is preoccupied. Sheldrake faces in the
text: direction of the pianist, and holding his glass aloft, sings
text: along with the others.
text: As AULD LANG SYNE comes to an end, the place explodes
text: noisily -- there is a din of horns, ratchets, and shouted
text: greetings. The lights come up again.
text: In the last booth, Sheldrake turns back toward Fran -- but
text: she is no longer there. Her paper hat lies abandoned on her
dialog: vacated chair.
speaker_heading: SHELDRAKE
dialog: Fran --
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: -- where are you, Fran?
text: He rises, cranes his neck, trying to spot her in the crowd.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Fran, a coat thrown over the dress she was wearing at the
text: Rickshaw, comes down the street almost at a run. There is a
text: happy, expectant look on her face. She hurries up the steps
text: of the house and through the front door.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE AND SECOND FLOOR LANDING - NIGHT
text: Fran mounts the stairs eagerly. As she reaches the landing
text: and heads for Bud's apartment, there is a loud, sharp report
text: from inside.
text: Fran freezes momentarily, then rushes to the door.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Mr. Baxter!
dialog: (pounding on door)
dialog: Mr. Baxter! Mr. Baxter!
text: The door opens and there stands Bud, the bottle of champagne
text: he has just uncorked still foaming over in his hand. He
text: stares at Fran unbelievingly.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (sagging with relief)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm fine.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Are you sure? How's your knee?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I'm fine all over.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Mind if I come in?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (still stunned)
dialog: Of course not.
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Fran comes in and Bud shuts the door. The room is the same
text: as we left it, except for an empty champagne glass standing
text: on the coffee table.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Let me get another glass.
text: He goes to one of the cartons, takes out a champagne glass
text: wrapped in newspaper, starts to unwrap it.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Who knows? Another neighborhood --
dialog: another town -- another job -- I'm
dialog: on my own.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: That's funny -- so am I.
dialog: (Bud, pouring
text: champagne, looks up
dialog: at her)
dialog: What did you do with the cards?
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: (indicating carton)
dialog: In there.
text: Fran takes the deck of cards and the gin rummy score pad out
text: of the carton, settles herself on the couch, starts to
text: shuffle the cards expertly.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: What about Mr. Sheldrake?
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: I'm going to send him a fruit cake
dialog: every Christmas.
text: Bud sinks down happily on the couch, and Fran holds out the
text: deck to him.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: Cut.
text: Bud cuts a card, but doesn't look at it.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: I love you, Miss Kubelik.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (cutting a card)
dialog: Seven --
dialog: (looking at Bud's card)
dialog: -- queen.
text: She hands the deck to Bud.
speaker_heading: BUD
dialog: Did you hear what I said, Miss
dialog: Kubelik? I absolutely adore you.
speaker_heading: FRAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Shut up and deal!
text: Bud begins to deal, never taking his eyes off her. Fran
text: removes her coat, starts picking up her cards and arranging
text: them. Bud, a look of pure joy on his face, deals -- and
dialog: deals -- and keeps dealing.
dialog: And that's about it. Story-wise.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
