dialog: The Place Beyond The Pines
dialog: Written
dialog: by
dialog: Derek Cianfrance, Ben Coccio & Darius Marder
dialog: Producers
dialog: Jamie Patricof
dialog: Lynette Howell
dialog: Alex Orlovsky
speaker_heading: 8409 Santa Monica Blvd
speaker_heading: West Hollywood, CA 90069
dialog: (323) 654-7800
dialog: White
dialog: 06/14/2011
dialog: ii.
dialog: "He linked the past with the present, and the eternity
text: behind him throbbed through him in a mighty rhythm to
text: which he swayed as the tides and seasons swayed."
dialog: Jack London,
scene_heading: THE CALL OF THE WILD
dialog: "One cannot violate the promptings of one's nature without
dialog: having that nature recoil upon itself."
dialog: Jack London,
speaker_heading: WHITE FANG
scene_heading: INT/EXT. ALTAMONT FAIR - NIGHT 1 *
text: LUKE GLANTON; 28, handsome; has sex with a GROUPIE in his *
text: trailer. Very animal. They finish. *
text: He zips up a motorcycle jacket over two faded prison tatoos,
text: strides from his trailer through the corridors of the arena,
text: passing other performers on his way to the main ring. He *
text: ears echoing strains of DEATH METAL on the PA mix & a *
dialog: cheering audience. *
scene_heading: INT. ALTAMONT FAIR MAIN RING- CONTINUOUS 2 *
text: Luke climbs onto his bike, revs the engine. Roadies slap his
text: back, give him high 5's. He is joined by 2 motorcyclists.
scene_heading: ANNOUCER OVER P.A.
dialog: And now, ladies and gentlemen, boys
dialog: and girts, get ready to be rocked
dialog: by the motor-cycle mayhem of... *
text: A spherical, metal cage sits under the Big-Top. Next to it
text: stands an ornate portico with a red velvet curtain as a door.
speaker_heading: ANNOUCER OVER P.A. (CONT’D)
dialog: Luke Glanton and his Rough Riders!
text: The two motor-cycles ride ahead of Luke through the curtain
text: and into the cage. Luke bursts through, stops, revs his
text: engine and pumps his fist at the roaring crowd.
text: ROMINA GUTIERREZ, 26, Hispanic; sits in the bleacher seats, *
text: watching the spectacle. Enraptured.
text: Luke drives into the cage where the other riders make long,
text: Lazy loops. Luke guns it, guides his bike over the inside
text: walls of the cage. He defies gravity while weaving his way
text: around the other two stunt riders. He makes it look easy. But
text: it isn't. It is a death-defying act of bravado.
text: The other two drivers leave the cage and Luke performs his
text: finale; a slow inside loop where his bike leaps from one
text: facet of the cage to another. The crowd goes wild.
speaker_heading: ANNOUCER OVER P.A. (CONT’D)
dialog: Let's hear it for Luke Glanton and
dialog: his Rough Riders, folks!
speaker_heading: LATER 3
text: bights are up. Luke sits on his bike, signing autographs and
text: taking pictures with a gaggle of extremely psyched 8-year old
dialog: boys. Luke clearly enjoys being the coolest thing in the
dialog: world to these kids.
text: Romina walks against the surge of people exiting the arena.
text: Luke catches sight of her; he drops what he's doing.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 2.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: gsnitting, awkward)
dialog: I didn't know if you'd remember.
text: Luke looks at her like she's crazy. His fans tug on his
text: clothing, vying for his attention. He pushes through them to
text: get closer to Romina. They give each other a little hug,
text: careful not to smush the youngsters all around them.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You wanna go somewhere? You got
dialog: plans tonight?
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: I gotta go. I just wanted to see
dialog: you again.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Can I give you a ride home?
text: She remembers the thrill riding on the back of Luke's bike.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: I'm fine. I can just take the bus.
scene_heading: EXT. ROUTE 5 - NIGHT 4
text: Luke tears away from the Arena. Everything around looks run-
dialog: down, abandoned. We are in Schenectai a smaller, upstate-
text: New York version of Detroit. It is 1994.
text: Romina rides on the back of his bike, her arms holding tight
text: around his abdomen. The wind blows hair into her indecisive
text: face. She really should be on the bus right now. But the air
text: is cold and Luke's body is warm. She buries her face into the
text: back of his leather jacket.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-FAMILY HOUSE - LATER 5
text: Luke pulls up in front of an old, two-family house. Romina
text: gets off, looks over her shoulder; the living room light is
text: ON. She says, "thanks" and gives Luke a peck on the cheek.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's it? You don't wanna talk, or
dialog: anything...
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: (hiding something)
dialog: I can't. I think about you a lot.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 3.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: So then lets hang. We pack up after
dialog: tomorrow night ' s show and I
dialog: probably won't be back this way for
dialog: another year. At least. Wanna get a
dialog: beer or something?
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: (comes close, whispers)
dialog: I'm with someone... I just wanted
dialog: to see you again...
text: She kisses him again quick, wishing she could stay. Then runs
text: away, not looking back, up the steps of her childhood home.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Say 'hi' to your mom.
text: Luke starts his bike, tears out of the neighborhood, tires
text: squealing smoke, blackening the street.
scene_heading: EXT. ALTAMONT FAIR. NIGHT. 6
text: Engine gunning, Luke circles the inside of the steel cage in
text: a rage. He is on the verge of crashing. The audience rapt.
speaker_heading: LATER 7
text: ROADIES and performers pack up the steel cage. Luke wanders
text: through the activity and ignores the throngs of kids seeking
text: autographs. He searches the fair for Romina. She is nowhere
text: to be found. He mounts his bike.
scene_heading: EXT. ROUTE 5 - NIGHT 8
text: Raging, Luke drives fast through the night streets.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. TWO FAMILY HOUSE - LATER. 9
text: MALENA, 47, Guatemalan, opens the door in nurse's scrubs.
text: Instantly, "she recognizes Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hello mama.
speaker_heading: MALENA
dialog: She's no here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (sighs, resigned)
dialog: Is the man of the house home?
text: Luke hears a BABY crying from inside. Malena tries to hide it
text: by closing the door so only her head is visible.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 4.
speaker_heading: MALENA
dialog: Nobody's home...
text: Malena is short. And Luke peeks over her into the house. SEES
text: - a few baby toys scattered in the floor. Luke looks down.
text: Malena relents. She can't keep him away from the truth any
dialog: longer.
scene_heading: INT. TWO- FAMILY HOUSE- CONTINUOUS 10
text: He gets past her. Looks around the house. Follows the sound
text: of the crying baby upstairs. He pushes open the door to
text: Romina’s bedroom.
text: A BABY wails in the center of a twin bed surrounded by
text: pillows. Malena comes in, scoops him up, starts to bounce and
text: "shush" him. Luke stands near the door, rocked.
speaker_heading: MALENA
dialog: You wanna hold him?
text: Luke is unsure. He awkwardly, but gently accepts the baby
text: into his arms. Luke and the baby stare at one another. Tears
text: well in Luke's eyes as he falls in love with his son. Malena
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Romina still work at the diner?
text: Malena tries to give nothing away.
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIC DINER - LATER 11
text: Luke walks into the diner. He’s pissed, looks around but
text: doesn’t see Romina.
text: Luke doesn’t sit. He waits. Romina exits kitchen with a tray
text: of food. Sees Luke immediately.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, I don’t know... You think we
dialog: have anything else to discuss
dialog: before I take off again tomorrow
dialog: forever?
text: Romina is frozen for a second. She knows that Luke knows her
text: secret. She walks to a table with her tray of food. Luke
text: stands still. Waits for her to come back.
text: When she returns, she is flustered.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: You weren't gonna tell me?
speaker_heading: _ ROMINA
dialog: It was just a fling.
dialog: +
speaker_heading: OE
dialog: ee
dialog: +
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 5.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Still... It's common courtesy.
dialog: Might even be the law.
speaker_heading: ROMINA .
dialog: I haven't heard from you in a year.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I know it. It's not 'cause I
dialog: haven't thought about you...
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: I haven't been waiting to hear from
dialog: you, or anything.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Jason.
text: Luke and Romina look at each other in silence.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to school nights now.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Good for you.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: I don't have a lot of time for
dialog: anything except Jason and school
dialog: and wor. And my boyfriend.
text: Silence. A challenge.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Great. Sounds like you got
dialog: everything you need.
text: Luke turns and_ walks away from Romina. She is crushed as she
text: watches him walk away. e gets back to work.
scene_heading: EXT. ALTAMONT FAIR. TRAILER OFFICE. 12
text: The fair is packed up and ready to leave. Luke wheels his
text: bike up to a trailer office.
scene_heading: INT. ALTAMONT FAIR. TRAILER OFFICE- 13
text: JACK, weathered, 55, sips coffee & shoots Luke with venom
text: from’ his dilated pupils.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How many fuckin' times I have to
dialog: tell you?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: eK
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 6.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: "After the show, help everyone
dialog: dismantle." Then you can go get
dialog: your dick wet & whatever the fuck-
dialog: else you need to do.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: When's this pay period end? Friday?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I need whatever's coming to me now.
dialog: You can cut off the next two days.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't give out advances.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's not an advance. I quit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can't quit.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm taking the bike too.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can't take the bike.
speaker_heading: _ LUKE
dialog: It's my bike.
text: Jack sighs. He leans forward and pulls a wad of bills from
text: his back pocket. He peels off some bills.
scene_heading: EXT. TURNPIKE. MORNING. SIDE OF THE ROAD. 14
text: Luke sits on his bike watching the Fair drive away.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BELL MOTEL - AFTERNOON 15
text: Luke's bike is parked in front of an old, run-down motel.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE BELL MOTEL-— CONTINUOUS 16
text: Luke sits on his bed, eats McDonald's. The TV is on playing a
text: news report from 1994. He counts his pay-out, folds it, slips
text: it in his boot.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-FAMILY HOUSE - MORNING 17
text: Luke rings the doorbell, bag of BISQUICK under his arm. Door
text: opens. Romina stands there, wearing her Sunday’s best. She is
text: speechless and stares at Luke through the screen door.
dialog: +
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 7.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Wow. Look at you. You look like a
dialog: princess.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: What are you still doing here?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m here.
text: He holds out the bag of BISQUICK.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: You like pancakes? I like to make
dialog: people ancakes . I got a special
dialog: way with 'em. You wanna know my
dialog: secret ingredient? Huh? LOVE.
dialog: They're not the kind of pancakes
dialog: you get at that greasy place you
dialog: work. You know?
text: Romina nervously looks back into the house.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: And anyway... I'd like to make you
dialog: and Jason some of my special
dialog: pancakes. Would you allow me to do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: This isn’t a good time.
speaker_heading: KOFI (0.S.)
dialog: Ready?
text: Romina turns. Sees KOFI CANKAM - 28, black, wearing a suit
text: come down the stairs carrying Jason in his arms.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: (back to Luke)
dialog: We're going to church.
text: Kofi opens the door. Steps out onto the porch. Faces Luke.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: I know who you are.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well you got me at a disadvantage.
text: Luke sees his son, Jason, dressed in a white baptismal gown.
text: He is less frightened of his own son now. In fact, he wants
text: to hold him. He gestures to Kofi.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you mind?
text: Kofi doesn’t want Luke to take Jason away from him.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: It’s okay. Let him.
dialog: +
dialog: %
speaker_heading: HHH OHHH HH HHH HH
dialog: +
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 8.
text: Kofi hesitates. Concedes that he really has no choice in this
text: matter. He hands Jason to Luke.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Watch his neck.
text: Luke and the baby stare at one another.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Whoa. He looks like a little
dialog: prince.
text: Romina watches Luke and Jason, smiles. Tears well in her
text: eyes. Kofi sees it all happen.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: So, when do you leave town?
text: Luke doesn’t answer. Instead, he asks his own question.
speaker_heading: LUKE (TO KOFI)
dialog: How long you lived here?
text: Kofi has had enough but is playing along.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Couple months.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Little cheaper than having your own
dialog: place, I suppose...
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Kofi’s helping us buy this house.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Wow. You move fast huh?
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: I’m not moving at all actually.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How much they want for a place like
dialog: this anyway?
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Bout a hundred and twenty five
dialog: thousand. Why? You in the market?
text: Romina reaches in and takes Jason from Luke.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Okay we have to go. Or we’re gonna
dialog: be late.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'd like to come.
dialog: > E
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 9.
scene_heading: INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH. JASON’S BAPTISM. DAY. 18
text: Kofi holds Jason at the altar. Romina and Malena stand next
text: to him. A PRIEST pours holy water over Jason's head.
text: Luke stands in the pews, watching, seething.
scene_heading: EXT. FRIENDLY’S RESTAURANT —- DAY 19
text: Luke pulls his bike into the parking lot, gets off, walks
text: into the restaurant.
scene_heading: INT. FRIENDLY'S RESTAURANT - DAY 20
text: MR. FEINSTEIN, the manager of the restaurant peruses Luke's
text: neatly handwritten resume. He looks up, smiles.
speaker_heading: MR. FEINSTEIN
dialog: So why’ do you want to work at
dialog: Friendly's, Mr. Glanton?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don't really want to in
dialog: articular. I need to. You were the
dialog: irst to get back to me.
speaker_heading: MR. FEINSTEIN
dialog: You shouldn't answer like that.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Just being honest, sir.
scene_heading: MR. FEINSTEIN,
dialog: An answer like that won't get you
dialog: the job.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I need this. For my boy.
speaker_heading: MR. FEINSTEIN
dialog: Now, see? That's better and you
dialog: didn't even have to lie.
scene_heading: INT. STOCKROOM, FRIENDLY'S - LATER 21
text: Luke sits in front of a television hooked up to a VCR. Mr.
text: Feinstein puts a tape in the machine, presses 'play.'
speaker_heading: MR. FEINSTEIN
text: This is only a few minutes long.
dialog: Take a look, then come find me.
text: Mr. Feinstein leaves the room. VIDEO BEGINS - instructs new
dialog: employees how to make the various types of sundaes. Everyone
text: in the video is 19 or younger. Everyone smiles.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 10.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FRIENDLY'S RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS 22
text: Luke strolls briskly out the front door. Feinstein catches
text: him leaving out of the corner of his eye. Watches Luke
text: straddle his bike and roar away.
scene_heading: EXT. PINE BARRENS - DAY 23
text: Outside of town, thousands of tall, thin pines stand cheek by
text: jowl. Luke speeds between them with reckless abandon and joy.
text: He catches sight of an ATV through the pines, plotting a
text: parallel course, as if in unspoken friendly competition.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING AREA OFF THE ROAD NEAR PINE BARRENS - LATER 24
text: Luke comes to a parking area adjacent to the main road. Sees -
text: ROBIN VAN DER_ZEE, 48, white, working hard to get his ATV
text: onto the trailer behind his pickup. Luke trots up to help.
text: They roll the ATV onto the trailer, secure it with nylon
text: straps. Robin makes note of Luke's bike.
speaker_heading: _ ROBIN
dialog: Mean machine.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I built it myself. Mostly.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You handle it like a pro.
speaker_heading: ; LUKE
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You headed back to town?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I suppose...
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Give you a ride. Save you some gas.
text: They strap his bike next to the ATV. Robin notices one of
text: Luke's prison tatoos.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE BELL MOTEL - LATER 25
text: Robin pulls up to the Esquire, surveys the run-down motel.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thank you kindly.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You're staying here?
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 11.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Temporarily.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Just passing through, huh?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Naw. I'm transitionin' in.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: What are you doing for work?
text: Luke looks around... not many opportunities in his sights.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D) .
dialog: You know your way around an engine?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I run a little service station back
dialog: down route 5. I could use a good,
dialog: you know, American worker like you,
dialog: you_know what I mean? Good people.
dialog: At least, that's what you seem
dialog: like. I can put you up, too. Got a
text: little apartment above the garage.
dialog: It's modest, but its got what you
dialog: need. Better than this shit-hole.
text: Luke considers the offer. Robin flashes a wry smile.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Did I catch you at a busy time or
dialog: something?
scene_heading: EXT. VAN DER ZEE'S STATION - LATER 26
text: They pull up to into a run-down service station. Busted cars
text: crowd the bays. A JUNKYARD DOG named TONY barks at Luke.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT ABOVE SERVICE STATION - CONTINUOUS 27
text: Robin opens the door to a tiny studio. A tiny fridge sits
text: next to a tiny stove, next to a twin bed.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: It’s not much. We'll take the rent
dialog: out of your pay, okay?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m not sucking your cock.
text: Robin laughs, awkward.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: Luke has.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 12.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: okay. - This isn’t jail. This can *
dialog: e your home. You ever been in *
dialog: Be
text: But he's not about to tell Robin about it.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't have to be coy with me,
dialog: son. See this?
text: Robin pulls out his top row of teeth. Dentures. Just gums
text: remain. He pops the teeth back in.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I had too many postage stamps.
dialog: Contraband, they sai They tell me
dialog: their gonna put me in “solitary for
dialog: a month. Problem is, I had this gum
dialog: infection. Doc ordered 2 weeks of
dialog: antibiotics before they would put
dialog: me in solitary. But the warden...
dialog: he saw no need for postponement. So
text: he orders the prison dentist to
dialog: pull all my top teeth. Then put me
text: in solitary. Damn near starved to
text: death. Mom smuggled in crushed
dialog: penicillin pills
text: Robin punctuates his story by clacking his teeth.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ten years in Attica. Ten years
dialog: probation. I'm clean as a whistle
dialog: now. You ever been in jail?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I knew it when I first saw you.
dialog: Birds of a feather... Wanna flock?
text: Luke has a mind to knock Robin's block off. Robin starts
text: laughing at him, deep belly laughs.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DUSK 28 *
text: Luke tears down a winding road. The low sun creates a long *
text: shadow of him on his bike on the road in front of him. *
scene_heading: EXT. TWO FAMILY HOUSE, NIGHT 29 *
text: Luke sits on the side of his bike. Across the street is
text: Romina’s house. The kitchen is brightly lit and Luke can hear
dialog: the sound
text: lifting Jason over his head and talking to him.
text: of talking and laughter. From his bike he sees Kofi
dialog: >
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 13.
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - DAY
dialog: 30
text: Luke, covered in grease, works diligently under a 1988 Ford
text: Taurus. He notices Robin's feet approach. Slides out from
text: under. Robin peels a few bills and hands them down to Luke.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Payday, my boy. Less room & board.
text: Luke counts his paltry sum. Sighs.
scene_heading: EXT. PINE BARRENS - DAY
text: LATER. Luke and Robin sit an old tree stump drinking beer.
speaker_heading: ROBIN ;
dialog: All my peopie were Dutch. This
dialog: town, the whole area started Dutch.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I need to earn more money. Any
dialog: chance you give me a raise?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Believe me, kid. If I could give
dialog: anyone a raise, it would be you.
dialog: You're a real asset. And goo
dialog: company too. The big chains bleed
dialog: me a little bit more each month.
dialog: The only regular work I_get into
text: the shop is souping up low-riders
dialog: for niggers and spics.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: My kid is half spic. Or half
text: something south of the border.
text: Robin toasts Luke with his beer. They drink.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I like you, boy. You remind me of
dialog: me. A lo-o-o-o-ong time ago.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You ain't so old.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Not so old I'm throwing in the
dialog: towel. I'm not just gonna sit there
dialog: and wait around til someone tell's
dialog: me I'm a dead duck. I have a
dialog: feeling you're the same way. Right?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don't like waiting around for
dialog: other people to give me permission
dialog: to live.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You're like me. You're a chisler.
dialog: 31
dialog: *
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 14.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I ain't no chisler. What's that,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You play all the angles... I know
dialog: you've been to jail. More than
dialog: once, right?
text: Luke puts down his beer and stares at Robin hard.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Course you have. You've stolen
dialog: before.
text: Luke gets up and starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now don't be like that. You know
dialog: I'm not judging you. Hell, I admire
text: a thief. It takes a man to steal.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don't know a thing about me.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Oh, please do pardon me. I
dialog: certainly hope my misjudging you in
dialog: this way didn't hurt your feelings
dialog: too deeply. Tell me you've stolen!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I've stolen.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: But you did it stupid, right? You
text: got liquored up and knocked over a
dialog: convienience store or something?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I didn't need to be liquored up.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Fair enough. But you got caught...
dialog: I know you like you're my own flesh
dialog: and blood. Your problem wasn't your
dialog: lack of courage. It was your lack
dialog: of foresight. Your plan failed you.
dialog: Look, how would you like to do it
dialog: right? With me? What do you say?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I got two things to say. First of
dialog: all, thank your for considering me.
dialog: Second of all, fuck you. I gota
dialog: id!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Well that's why we're talking here,
dialog: isn't it. I never had children,
dialog: that I know of, but I do watch a
dialog: lot of TV. Nature shows mostly.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 32
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 15.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Providing for your family, that's
dialog: something I understand. It's
dialog: animal. It's instinct. You get a
dialog: mouth to feed and all of a sudden
dialog: you got a purpose, you have a goal.
dialog: And you focus everything you have,
dialog: everything you are like a laser on
dialog: that goal, right? You gotta edge
dialog: out the competition with whatever
dialog: ou have to offer. With whatever
dialog: alents are at your disposal. And
dialog: you're a man with some very, very
dialog: unique talents.
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIC DINER - DARKEST HOUR BEFORE DAWN 32
text: The middle of a long shift. Romina steps from the kitchen
text: carrying several plates. She drops off the breakfast specials
text: at their destination and sees Luke - slumped in a boot
text: Romina stares at the back of his head for a while.
text: MOMENTS LATER. They look at one another over cups of coffee.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Marry me.
text: Romina tries to repress her laughter.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why are you laughing?
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: You're corny. You don't even know
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I know I love my boy. He's
dialog: definitely my boy, right?
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: -..Yeah... But you didn't even know
dialog: he existed until a few days ago.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: --.-Don't matter.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: You say you want to marry me. You
dialog: don't mean it. You might think you
dialog: do. But it's not true. You're just
dialog: excited...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How can you sit there, and tell me
dialog: what I do and don't feel? What're
dialog: you, Carnac? I'm saying "I love
dialog: you. "I'll learn to. Even when you
dialog: urt my feelings. And I'm saying,
dialog: "I love him." That's it. There's
dialog: nothin' left to say. That's truth.
speaker_heading: + HH OF
dialog: +
speaker_heading: HH HHH HHH HHH
dialog: >
speaker_heading: HHH HAA K
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 16.
text: Romina soaks up his words.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can take care of you.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Oh, really?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: How are you gonna do that? You
dialog: don't even have a job.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That’s not true. I have a job now.
dialog: I’m making money, That’s not a
dialog: problem. I'm saving up. I was
dialog: thinkin’ we could buy a RV or
dialog: something. And get out of this god-
dialog: forsaken town. din style, ya
dialog: know? I could show you the countr
dialog: We could raise Jason in home of the
dialog: brave. Ya know? Let our boy smell
dialog: freedom.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: You're crazy.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why? Why do you say that? You’re
dialog: the one who’s crazy to question it.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: I’m not leaving my mom.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: She can come. Bring her. We’1ll make
dialog: room. Not a problem.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: What about Kofi?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He can stay home.
text: Romina gets up from the booth.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: So what do you think?
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Sounds like a nice dream for you.
text: She sets the check, $1.50 face down, in front of him.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to get back to work.
speaker_heading: HHH HHA AAA AH OF HH
dialog: %
dialog: +
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 17.
text: She walks away. Luke scans the check, digs in his pocket. *
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S KITCHEN - LATER 33 *
text: Robin and Luke sit at the kitchen table. A map is spread out
text: before them. On it - several locations marked with red dots.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: These are a_ few prospects, but I'm
dialog: sure we could find some more.
text: Robin places something swaddled in old flannel rags on the
text: table. He pushes it toward Luke.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't ask me where I got it from.
text: Luke slowly unwraps the flannel - a .38 snub-nosed pistol
text: sits on the table.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D
dialog: We'd split everything fifty-fifty.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Seems like I'm taking most of the
dialog: risk. I should get most of the
dialog: reward.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I'll just find someone else who
dialog: will be happy with an even split.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Really? You're gonna get someone
dialog: else to rob a goddamned bank with
dialog: you? Okay Robin.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Come on! Don't get lawyerly on me.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Sixty-forty.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Seventy-thirty.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Sixty-five-thirty-five or go to
dialog: hell.
text: Luke picks up the pistol.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - LATER 34 *
text: Robin and Luke inspect a beat-to-hell cube truck. It's white *
text: and nondescript. The windshield has a crack across it. *
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Doesn't look like much, but it runs
dialog: fine. And the back is big enough.
dialog: > E
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 18.
speaker_heading: LUKE *
dialog: You bought this? For this? *
speaker_heading: ROBIN *
dialog: You gotta spend $ to make $. *
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - NIGHT 35
text: Robin clicks the button of a stop-watch.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Go.
text: Halfway across the garage bay stands an old bureau. Luke runs
text: up to the bureau and vaults it.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ten seconds. Let's go.
text: Luke stands behind the bureau and grabs Monopoly money that
text: had been placed in the bureau's drawers.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You didn't tell anyone what to do.
text: People are getting panicked.
text: Luke halfheartedly speaks into the empty garage.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Everyone get down on the floor.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Aw, Jesus. You sound like you're
dialog: asking some jerk off for
text: directions. Twenty seconds.
text: Luke grabs the rest of the money and leaps over the bureau.
text: He runs for the bay's door. Robin clicks his stopwatch.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Pathetic.
text: Robin places his hand gently on Luke's chest.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, kid. You're a performer,
dialog: right? These folks in the bank,
dialog: they're your audience. They're
dialog: expecting a show. They want to see
dialog: a real live bank robber. Give 'em
dialog: what they want, and you won't get
dialog: any trouble.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - MORNING 36
text: Robin and Luke step up to the young, female TELLER and *
dialog: smiles.
dialog: 37
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: How can I help you today?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Hi there, sweetheart. I need to
dialog: break this hundred. One fifty, two
dialog: twenties and a ten, please.
text: Robin watches the teller use a set of keys she has wrapped
text: around her wrist on an elastic band to open up three separate
text: drawers. The drawers contains different bills.
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - NIGHT
text: Robin starts his stopwatch.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Go.
text: Luke bounds past him into the bay like Gene Kelly.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen! I ask that
dialog: each and every one of you lay
dialog: yourselves down_on the Goddman
dialog: loor, if you please!
text: Luke vaults the 'counter' grabs the money, vaults back and
text: runs to Robin who clicks his stop watch.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You're making me proud.
dialog: 37
text: A bit out of breath, Luke pulls the gun from his waistband.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This thing gotta be loaded?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Just sayin'. I'm not gonna hurt no
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Well hell's bells. Why don't we
dialog: just get you a squirt gun instead?
text: Not a bad idea. Luke laughs. Robin doesn't. He grabs the gun.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You understand fully what we've
dialog: engaged here, correct?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, I do.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 20.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I don't want anything to happen to
dialog: you. And if God forbid it does, I
dialog: don't_want the other guy walking
dialog: away like it's no big deal.
text: Luke looks down at the ground and smiles, like a kid reacting
text: to a compliment from his proud father.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT ABOVE SERVICE STATION - NIGHT 38
text: Luke sits on his bed and inspects the pistol. He swings open
text: the cylinder, methodically removes the bullets. He lines them
text: up meticulously on his night stand.
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION. BAY. NIGHT. 39
text: Luke uses a spray gun to paint his bike black.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - MORNING 40
text: Luke and Robin eating breakfast together.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Good pancakes.
text: Luke collects his plate, rinses it in the sink. He heads out
text: the door for his bike. He climbs on his black bike.
scene_heading: EXT. TURNPIKE - MIDDAY 4l
text: Luke wears a motorcycle helmet as he bolts down the turnpike;
text: an empty child's school backpack on his back.
scene_heading: EXT. BANK - LATER 42
text: Luke parks, climbs off, leaves his bike running right outside
text: the front door of a bank. He checks the time and performs his
text: OCD ritual before bursting through the door.
scene_heading: INT. BANK- CONTINUOUS 43
text: INSIDE - Luke, still wearing his helmet, puis the pistol
text: from his front jacket pocket and points it theatrically into
text: the air. He strolls through the bank with measured strides.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ladies and gentleman, listen up.
dialog: This is gonna be the fastest bank
dialog: robbery you've ever witnessed.
text: Clipped screams of shock echo through the bank.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 21.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now if you'll all please oblige me
dialog: and get on down onto the floor
dialog: there, I'd really appreciate it.
text: The bank falls silent with fear. Luke runs up to the counter
text: and vaults it, slips off the backpack. 3 female tellers
text: huddle behind’the counter. Luke squats down on his haunches
text: and finds the one who served Robin before. He pulls the keys
text: off her wrist and opens the top drawer at her station.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Open up the top two drawers all the
dialog: way along.
text: Luke tosses his backpack to another teller.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
text: Hold the bag so she can fill it.
text: They fill the bag with_mone hand it to Luke, back away,
text: hands raised. Luke vaults the counter to the Other side.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you all kindly for your
dialog: attentive cooperation.
text: Luke walks out the door calmly and quickly.
scene_heading: EXT. BANK PARKING LOT -— CONTINUOUS 44
text: Sound of sirens approach. Luke gets on the bike, takes off.
scene_heading: EXT. TURNPIKE - CONTINUOUS 45
text: Luke tears down the road, passes cars in front of him, The
text: cops can't catch up.
text: Luke takes a dangerous and wild right turn onto a small
text: country road. After a few more turns, Luke drives up to
text: Robin's old cube truck which is parked on the side of the
text: road. Its back is open and its loading ramp down.
scene_heading: INT. REAR OF CUBE TRUCK - CONTINUOUS 46
text: Luke drives into it, hops off, shuts the door. The truck
text: lurches forwards, pulls a U-ey.
scene_heading: EXT. TURNPIKE - CONTINUOUS 47
text: Cop cars scream by the truck. Robin drives the other way.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 22.
scene_heading: INT. REAR OF CUBE TRUCK - CONTINUOUS 48
text: Luke turns on a fluorescent campi ng lamp and secures his
text: bike. He gets thrown around a little bit by Robin's driving.
text: His adrenaline rushes. His breathing heavy. He puts his hands
text: on his knees and pukes all over the truck's floor. Sits down.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - LATER 49
text: Robin pulls into the station, opens up the back of the truck.
text: The stink of warm vomit hits Robin.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Jesus! Phew!
text: Luke sits against the wall, dazed and tired, and laughing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I puked on my boots.
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 50
text: Luke and Robin lay out the money in neat piles.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: It's not a million dollars or
dialog: anything. But we do this a few more
dialog: times.
text: Robin pushes Luke's cut to him and stands up and walks around
text: the table. He plants a big phoney kiss on Luke's check.
speaker_heading: _ROBIN (CONT'D),
dialog: Are you kidding me? We did it!
scene_heading: EXT. DINER. MORNING. 51
text: Romina gets off work, walks into the parking lot. SEES Luke
text: in the early morning light, leaning against his bike. His
text: aura is magnetic. He holds a DISPOSABLE BOX CAMERA. Takes her
text: picture with it. She suppresses a smile. Moves to him.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL. MORNING. 52
text: Luke and Romina lay naked on a bed, postcoital, sheets on the
text: floor. They smoke. The mood is bright.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Let me take you guys out for ice
dialog: cream. He's never_had it, right?
dialog: You get to have all his firsts.
dialog: First steps, first words. I want
dialog: some firsts. Do you remember the
dialog: first time you ate chocolate ice
dialog: cream? Remember what it was like?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: * HO
dialog: +
speaker_heading: EK
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 23.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanna be there when he first
dialog: tastes it.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
text: He don't even eat solid food yet.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: They have soft ice cream.
text: Laughs.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I want him to see my face when he
dialog: tastes chocolate ice cream for the
dialog: first time. Can you give me that?
scene_heading: EXT. BUMPY’S ICE-CREAM STORE. 7 IN THE MORNING. 53
text: Luke holds a sugar cone of chocolate ice cream up to Jason's
text: mouth, presses it gently on his lips. Instinctively, the baby
text: licks the ice cream, gets a taste. His eyes light up & he
text: starts "cooing." Excited, he wants more.
text: Luke is so happy, probably the happiest he has ever been in
text: his whole life. His eyes well up with big, heavy tears.
text: Romina is conflicted, but infected by the joy of the moment.
text: Luke goes up to the LADY WORKING IN THE ICE CREAM SHOP and
text: asks her if she will take a picture of the 3 of them. She
dialog: agrees.
text: The family poses on his motorcycle. And the Lady working in
text: the ice cream shop takes their family picture.
scene_heading: I/E BANK - DAY 54
text: LUKE walks into the bank brimming with confidence and charm.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen... This is a
dialog: robbery. I know you might be peeing
dialog: our pants now. Trembling wit
dialog: ear. Don't be scared. I'ma
dialog: blessing in your boring, average
dialog: lives. Just think about the story
dialog: you are gonna be able to tell.
text: He hands a bag to the teller.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Please fill it up.
scene_heading: INT. REAR OF CUBE TRUCK - LATER 55
text: Luke rides up into the back of the truck, slams the door
dialog: closed.
speaker_heading: He HHH OF HHH FH
dialog: +
speaker_heading: HOH HO
dialog: *
dialog: +
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 24.
scene_heading: INT. DUANE'S TOYLAND - DAY 56
text: Luke fills his cart with every colorful toy, game & book that
text: catches his eye. He rolls by a frazzled YOUNG MOTHER & CHILD.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You got a lively | one there. Mine
dialog: too. He's very lively. I suppose
dialog: they all are. Unless something's
dialog: wrong with ‘em.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-FAMILY HOUSE - AFTERNOON 57
text: Luke stands on Romina's porch, waits. He frequently looks
text: over his shoulder. The door opens and Malena stands there.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: She's not home, right?
speaker_heading: MALENA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What about the man of the house?
text: Malena shakes her head. Luke turns around, whistles through
text: his fingers. A delivery van pulls up in front of the house.
scene_heading: INT. TWO-FAMILY HOUSE - LATER 58
text: Jason swings back and forth in the new free standing swing
text: that Luke has bought for him. Luke assembles a crib on the
text: floor Romina and Kofi’s bedroom.
text: He talks to Jason_as he works, about the importance of being
dialog: brave in a mean ole world.
text: He HEARS the front door open downstairs, then Romina’s voice.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (DOWNSTAIRS) (IN SPANISH)
dialog: Hello Mama. Where’s Jason?
speaker_heading: MELENA (DOWNSTAIRS) (IN SPANISH)
dialog: Up stairs...
speaker_heading: ROMINA (DOWNSTAIRS) (IN SPANISH)
dialog: He’s sleeping?
speaker_heading: MELENA (DOWNSTAIRS) (IN SPANISH)
text: Luke’s up there with him.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (DOWNSTAIRS) (IN SPANISH)
dialog: You let him in?
text: Luke HEARS the trunk to a car slam outside.
dialog: +
speaker_heading: OE
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 25.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Jason)
dialog: Uh oh.
text: Luke LOOKS out the window, SEES Kofi hefting many bags of
text: groceries up toward the house.
speaker_heading: MELENA (DOWNSTAIRS) (IN SPANISH)
dialog: He brought a lot of stuff.
text: Luke HEARS Romina coming up the stairs.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Jason)
dialog: When your mom comes in here, do you
dialog: think she’s gonna be bummed? Or do
dialog: you think she’s gonna be psyched?
text: Jason just swings. Romina enters the room.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: What’s this shit? What is all this?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Jason)
text: She’s bummed.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: What are you doing here? You are
dialog: gonna screw up my life.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Just calm down. Don’t be so
dialog: dramatic. OK.
dialog: (to Jason
dialog: You needed this right? You can’t be
text: sleeping at night in a bed with two
dialog: huge people, worrying about being
dialog: crushed the whole time if they roll
dialog: over or something. You need some
dialog: space to dream, right?
text: Romina turns and looks down the stairs, SEES Kofi coming up.
text: She resigns herself to be a spectator.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: What’s going on?
text: Luke continues to work.
speaker_heading: KOFI (CONT’D)
dialog: (to Romina)
dialog: This okay with you?
text: Romina is frozen, staring at the stuff on the floor.
speaker_heading: KOFI (CONT'D)
dialog: Cause I’m not really sure if all
dialog: this THREE’S COMPANY shit is
dialog: working for me.
speaker_heading: He HHH HOEK +
speaker_heading: + HH HHH HHH HHH HK
dialog: *
dialog: >
dialog: 59
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 26.
text: Kofi looks at the stuff littering his bedroom.
speaker_heading: KOFI (CONT'D)
dialog: If you come in to my house. You
dialog: gotta come with a little more
dialog: respect, ya heard?
text: Kofi steps over boxes as he makes his way into the room.
text: Luke is not responding but his eyes are peripherally aware of
text: Kofi as he moves to sit on the bed.
speaker_heading: KOFI (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not going to say you can’t give
dialog: this to your son. You’re his
dialog: father, you have the right to
dialog: provide for him as you see fit. But
dialog: in my house, I have the right to
dialog: raise him as I see fit. And you
dialog: can’t just bust in here, in this
dialog: house, and do it like this. Not
dialog: this way. Not to me. Not to my
dialog: family.
text: Luke doesn’t stop working.
speaker_heading: KOFI (CONT’D)
dialog: I want you_take all this stuff out
dialog: of here. All this...
text: Kofi, anger building, stands.
speaker_heading: KOFI (CONT'D)
dialog: Take it away.
text: Kofi reaches down to grab the frame of the crib that Luke is
text: working on and, in an instant, Luke grabs a wrench, springs
text: forward and cracks Kofi’s forehead open with it.
text: Kofi is knocked out. He crashes to the floor, hitting the
text: back of his head. Concussion. Romina screams and so do!
dialog: Jason.
text: In a rage, Luke takes Kofi’s body by the shirt and pulls it
text: down the stairs. Romina does anything to try and make him
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You_want me to take this shit out?
dialog: I’ll take it out.
scene_heading: EXT HOUSE- CONTINOUS 59
text: Luke pulls Kofi'’s body out onto the porch, drops him like the
text: saber-tooth tiger does to FRED FLINSTONE. Romina shoves past
text: him to tend to Kofi. He watches as Romina cradle Kofi’s head.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (0.S.)(IN SPANISH)
dialog: (to. Malena)
dialog: Mama call an ambulance.
dialog: es
speaker_heading: HHH AAA A AHH OF HF
dialog: *
speaker_heading: eK
speaker_heading: HHH HHH HK
dialog: +
dialog: > E
dialog: +
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 27.
text: Luke just stands there, invisible. Malena dials 911.
speaker_heading: MALENA
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: Leave!
text: Luke walks back up stairs and into the bedroom. SEES - Jason
text: swinging back and forth, still screaming. Luke puts his arms
text: over the side of his head in an effort to block out the noise
text: and the mess that he made. Sound of sirens approaching.
scene_heading: INT. SCHENECTADY POLICE STATION - LATER 60
text: The Police book, fingerprint and photograph Luke.
scene_heading: INT. SCHENECTADY POLICE HOLDING CELL - LATER 61
text: Luke sits, wearing prison orange, touching each bar in
text: succession firmly with his fore-finger.
scene_heading: INT. SCHENECTADY COURTHOUSE - DAY 62
text: Luke sits in a courtroom in his prison orange with his STATE
text: APPOINTED COUNCIL. He fidgets as he waits.
text: THE JUDGE sets the court date, posts the bail at five
dialog: thousand dollars. Luke can pay it.
text: The Judge then suggests and sets a court date that will put
text: in affect a restraining order for Kofi against Luke.
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 63
text: Luke smokes a cigarette in the Kitchen. Robin watches him.
text: Knows something has changed. Long moment of awkward silence.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I was thinkin' maybe we could do 2
dialog: in 1 day. The big Trustco on
dialog: Brandywine and the other First
dialog: National Rotterdam.
text: Robin eyes him warily.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You know what they say about people
dialog: who rob banks?
text: Luke takes a drag. Waits for Robin to answer his own
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: They say they always do one too
dialog: many. The trick is to know how many
dialog: is too many, and do one less.
dialog: +
dialog: >
speaker_heading: HH FH F HHH HH HH
dialog: >
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 28.
text: Luke sucks on his cigarette absorbed in deep negativity. *
scene_heading: EXT. BANK PARKING LOT - DAY 64
text: Luke runs from a bank with a bag of cash. Another job 1/2 *
text: completed. He hops on his bike, peels out onto the main road.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN ROAD- CONTINUOUS 65 *
text: The police are on him quicker this time. He can't shake them.
text: He nears the rendezvous point with Robin, sees the truck
text: waiting patiently up ahead, but a glance back confirms he
text: hasn't lost the heat yet. He makes a slicing gesture across
text: his throat to signal Robin the rendezvous is off. Robin
text: watches Luke take a right turn, leading the cops away from
text: the truck. Robin hops out, closes the rear door, drives off.
scene_heading: EXT ROAD- CONTINOUS 66 *
text: The cops try to stay with Luke, but his maneuverability
text: daunts them. He cuts hard onto a path that cuts next to the
text: train tracks. The cops do not follow. He follows the tracks
text: until he comes to a clearing which leads into the woods.
speaker_heading: eK
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS- CONTINUOUS 67
text: Luke drives through the tall pines. He goes deep into the
text: woods as fast as he can.
scene_heading: E/I ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION/KITCHEN - NIGHT 68
text: Luke comes in - finds Robin sitting at th e table, a pack of *
text: cigarettes smoulder in the ashtray before him.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Get in and close the Goddamn door.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (manic, adrenalized)
dialog: It's okay y I lost em. I'm like the
dialog: fucking Road Runner. BEEP BEEP!
text: Luke dumps the bag of money on the table, squats down and
text: pets Tony the dog. Tony licks his face. Robin tugs on a
text: smoke, his hands shaking from a combo of nerves and nicotine.
text: He surveys the money, wont touch it.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You do realize, we're done here. *
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC DINER - DAWN 69 *
text: Luke waits for Romina outside the diner. Romina comes out,
text: sees him.
dialog: +
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 29.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: She makes a b-line for her car. Luke intercepts her, hands
text: her a sugar bag which is filled with cash.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: It ain't sugar in there.
dialog: Keeps moving.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look. I_know that you think lowly
dialog: of me. I do. I know you hold it
dialog: against me that I wasn't there for
dialog: you when you were going through
dialog: everything. I know that.
text: She gets to her car. Fumbles with the keys.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can’t run from me now. I'm
dialog: here. I'ma Pikena” And I want you
dialog: to treat me like a person. Like I'm
dialog: here. Like I'm not nothing. Like
dialog: I'm not a piece of shit. Hey!
text: She finds her keys, opens her car door. Gets in. Luke moves
text: his body into place so she can’t close her door.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen to me you fucking lunatic.
dialog: This money, it's not yours. OK?
text: He throws the bag of money in her car.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't buy yourself anything
dialog: with that, OK? None of those
dialog: diamond studded jeans that you
dialog: wear, no make- UP ¢ no jewelry, no
dialog: perfume. No nothing. Don't buy
dialog: yourself a thing. You hear me? This
dialog: money is not for you. It's for
dialog: Jason. You give every penny to him.
dialog: OK? He needs it. Say OK. Say OK...
dialog: Say OK!
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: -.-OK.
text: She starts the car.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm his father. I’m his. Ya hear
dialog: me? He’s not mine. I’m his. You
dialog: understand? And there’s nothing
dialog: you’re gonna do to keep him from
dialog: me.
dialog: +
scene_heading: HHH OHHH HEH HHH HEH OK
dialog: >
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 30.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: You broke it. You’re not his
dialog: father. You’re an animal. If I ever
dialog: see you again, I’m calling the
dialog: police.
text: She drives away. He is left alone. He gets into the cube
text: truck, drives away.
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - LATER 70
text: Drunk, Robin has taken an acetylene torch to Luke's bike and
text: cuts it to pieces. Only the engine is intact. He ponders his
text: next cut when - Luke walks in - can't believe his eyes.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What the fuck! What're you doing?!
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: We had a good thing going. We geet
dialog: it up_as long as we coul made a
dialog: nice little Score, now it's over.
text: Luke reacts as if Robin put down his horse. He storms out of
dialog: the garage. We follow him to...
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT ABOVE SERVICE STATION - CONTINUOUS 71
text: Luke picks up the bullets from his nightstand, fights against
text: his better judgement, loads the gun.
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - CONTINUOUS 72
text: Robin is still cutting up the bike. Luke comes in and sticks
text: the barrel of the pistol against the back of Robin’s head.
text: Luke is out of his fucking mind here, close to squeezing the
dialog: trigger.
speaker_heading: LUI
dialog: You fucking Killed my fucking
dialog: bike?! Open your mouth.
text: Luke sticks the gun inside Robin’s mouth. Turns it against
text: his teeth. Robin pisses his pants. Luke pulls the gun out.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: You owe me for a new bike.
scene_heading: INT. CREST MOTORS - MORNING 73
text: Luke and a DEALER stand over a red 1994 Honda Fireblade.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: It's a sport bike. Honda calls it a
dialog: uper-bike.' It's a racing model
text: with a few changes for the street.
speaker_heading: HHH HK
dialog: +
dialog: >
dialog: > E
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 31.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How's the balance?
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: What are you used to riding?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nevermind. You take cash?
scene_heading: 74 EXT. GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS 74
text: Luke fills the tank. A picku truck at the pump next to him
text: blares Bon Jovi's 'Dead or Alive' from its speakers.
scene_heading: 75 INT. PAYPHONE - LATER 75
text: Robin, out of breath, runs to a payphone - dials 911.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I want to make an anonymous report.
scene_heading: 76 INT. 911 CALL CENTER. DAY. 76
text: An OPERATOR types the info from Robin into her computer.
text: "SUSPECTED ROBBERY IN PROGRESS", color-coded RED, comes up on
text: the DISPATCHER'S screen.
scene_heading: 77 INT. SCHENECTADY POLICE CRUISER. DAY. 77
text: AVERY CROSS, 28, rookie, patrols the western district.
speaker_heading: RADIO DISPATCH (ON RADIO)
text: ADAM-22. 211 in progress at Trustco
dialog: bank at 320 State St.
speaker_heading: AVERY (INTO RADIO)
dialog: ADAM-22. Copy that. Enroute.
text: Avery flips a u-ey. Accelerates toward the bank.
scene_heading: 78 E/I TRUSTCO BANK - CONTINUOUS 78
text: Luke gets off his bike. Enters the bank, gun above his head.
text: Luke kicks the bank door hard. The patrons, confused, stop
text: what they're doing and take notice. Luke is all rage and
text: animal. He is intimidating and dangerous.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Every last one of you get down on
dialog: the Goddamn floor! Right now!!!
dialog: > E
dialog: +
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 32.
text: € goes to the teller, SEES that the counter has a Lucite
text: win ow which rises up to the ceiling. He turns white.
text: He takes the empty bag, shoves it through the teller's slot.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fill it up and pass it back.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: We can't open the vault.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: From the drawers then! With some
dialog: urgency! Come on!
text: The teller reluctantly does as she is instructed. Luke looks
text: around to make sure no one is sneaking up on him. The teller
text: finishes, tries to pass the bag through the slot.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: It won't fit, sir.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What're you an ignoramus? Take some
dialog: damn money out. I got to think of
dialog: everything?
text: The teller pulls out some of the cash. She tries to fit the
text: bag back through. Still won't fit. She takes out some more
text: cash. Luke hears sirens. Goddamnit.
text: He tries to force the bag back through the slot. It opens and
text: most of the money spills out on the teller's side. He is left
text: with an empty bag. Fuck. He bolts out the door.
scene_heading: INT. SCHENECTADY POLICE CRUISER OUTSIDE BANK-CONTINUOUS 79
text: Sirens blare, Avery turns the corner, SEES Luke take off,
text: trying to quickly master his unfamiliar bike.
speaker_heading: AVERY (INTO RADIO)
text: ADAM-22. In pursuit of a possible
text: suspect on a motorcycle. ADAM-21
text: make contact with the bank.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHENECTADY STREETS. CONTINUOUS 80
text: Luke has the cruiser on his tail. He blasts through an
text: intersection and turns hard down a small, residential street.
text: He blasts through two more intersections in the wrong lane;
text: barely avoiding oncoming traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHENECTADY RESIDENTIAL STREETS— CONTINUOUS 81
text: Luke takes another hard right, runs up onto a lawn, and tries
text: to head back to the street. Avery's car runs up onto the lawn
text: and comes to a jarring halt. Luke tries to maneuver but can't
text: keep the bike under him. He ditches further up the road.
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 33.
text: Luke pushes the wrecked bike off of his scraped up leg, limps
text: away, looking for a way out. Behind him, 3 houses away, Avery
text: pursues on foot.
scene_heading: INT. TWO FAMILY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 82
text: Luke enters through a screen door, looks around the house for
text: a place to hide. SEES - a MOTHER and her young BOY staring at
text: him wordlessly from the kitchen. They had been making a cake.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Anyone else home?
text: The mother and her boy barely move. Luke shows them his gun.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Take me upstairs. COME ON! LETS GO!
dialog: (softens )
dialog: I won't hurt you. Come on!
scene_heading: INT. TWO FAMILY HOUSE STAIRS/BEDROOM- CONTINUOUS 83 *
text: Luke corrals the scared family up the stairs to a bedroom. He
text: closes the door behind them, and waves the gun at the bed.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sit down.
text: The mother and boy sit on the ground in the corner by the bed
text: and_ bury their faces into each other, making themselves as
dialog: small as possible. *
text: Desperate, Luke looks out the window. It would be a long drop *
text: to the ground. He opens the window. He starts to climb *
text: through, His leg is in pain and hard to move. HEARS Avery *
text: downstairs calling, "POLICE! DROP YOUR WEAPON!" He is
text: cornered.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Aw, hell. Do you have a phone?
text: The mother nods, tells him it's on the nightstand. He picks
text: up the phone, dials information.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (OVER THE PHONE)
dialog: What city and listing please?
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Schenectady. Her name is Romina.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (OVER THE PHONE)
dialog: Romina. Last name?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Guitierrez... I think... *
text: While the operator checks, he sits down on the window sill, *
dialog: *
text: sets his gun down between his legs.
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 34.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (OVER THE PHONE)
dialog: I have a Romina Guitierrez on
dialog: Brandywine. I have the number.
dialog: Would you like me to connect you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes! Connect me!
text: The phone rings. Luke swings one leg out the window, but he
text: can barely move it. He can’t jump out.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Pick up...
scene_heading: INT. TWO FAMILY HOUSE- AT THE BOTTOM OF THE STAIRS. 84
text: Avery can HEAR Luke talking upstairs - Back to the wall, gun
text: drawn, he slides quietly up the stairs. He gets outside the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: POLICE! Put the weapon down!
scene_heading: INT. TWO FAMILY HOUSE BEDROOM 85
text: The phone continues to ring. A realization and a deep despair
text: creep upon Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Please answer.
text: He hears the cop outside his door.
text: CLICK. The phone picks up.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (ON PHONE)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Romina?
text: Avery hears Luke’s voice. Weapon aimed, he bursts through the
text: bedroom door, sees Luke with the phone in one hand, and his
text: body halfway out the window. He shoots. The shot makes a
text: loud, sharp noise. A small cloud of blue smoke rises from the
text: muzzle and floats toward the ceiling.
text: Luke is hit in the abdomen, he drops the phone. Avery sees
text: it, lowers his gun, thinks, “did I just shoot a man with a
dialog: phone in his hand?"
text: Luke looks down at the blood spreading through the fabric of
text: his shirt.
text: He grabs the gun on the sill, shoots back: hits Avery in the
text: knee. The kickback from the gun pushes Luke's body back and
text: he falls out the window like a rag doll: ass over teakettle.
dialog: >
dialog: +
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 35.
text: Avery clutches his leg; agony. FUCK! Avery tries to get
text: himself up off the floor. He can't. His knee is destroyed.
speaker_heading: AVERY (INTO RADIO)
dialog: ADAM-22. Officer down. Suspect
dialog: escaped through window. Request
text: paramedics and backup at the scene.
text: The young mother grabs her son, shields his eyes from the
text: carnage, and bolts out of the room.
text: Avery is left alone. He stares at the window. Blood splatter
text: on the wall. A curtain blows gently in the breeze. He can
text: hear ROMINA’s VOICE screaming, oeitakel” out of the speaker of
dialog: the phone.
text: He crawls to the window using his 3 functional limbs; Sirens
text: in the distance. He uses his arms to prop himself up on the
text: window; SEES; Luke splayed out on his back on the ground
text: below. His body is contorted in an impossible awkward
text: position. A pool of blood forms around his head. It is a
text: nightmarish image. Cop cars and ambulances descend on the
dialog: scene.
scene_heading: INT. ELLIS HOSPITAL - LATER 86
text: Avery lies on a moving gurney. His pant-leg is being cut away
text: from his skin. A nurse sedates him. A DOCTOR explains.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: We're giving g you a mild sedative
dialog: now and saline for shock, okay?
scene_heading: INT. ELLIS HOSPITAL - LATER - 87
text: The ER staff rolls Avery into the operating theater. Another
text: team in there already frantically works on Luke.
text: Avery hears Luke's heart monitor beep erratically. He watches
text: the doctors act more frantically. Finally, the heart monitor
text: emits a flat, even tone.
text: The sound of screaming. Avery looks and sees Romina wailing
text: and fighting with ER staff. Kofi helps to restrain her.
text: An INTERN straddles Luke and starts to give him CPR. A nurse
text: closes a curtain around Luke.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Officer? We need to operate now.
text: Behind the curtain, the other team tries to shock Luke's
text: heart back to life before the SURGEON finally gives up.
speaker_heading: SURGEON (0.S.)
dialog: Time of death four thirty-nine.
dialog: > E
dialog: 88
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 36.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (To Avery)
dialog: Don't be afraid.
text: An anesthesiologist fits a mask over Avery's mouth and nose.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL RECOVERY ROOM. LATER THAT NIGHT. 88
text: Balloons, flowers & cards fill Avery 's room. CHIEF GORDON
text: WEIRZBOWSKI, 50's, enters the room followed by DA BILL
text: KILLCULLEN, mid-40's. Both are reverent and respectful.
text: They greet Avery, who is lying in bed. His father AL, late
text: 60's is there, along with his wife JENNIFER, 27, who holds
text: Avery's baby boy A.J. Gordon kisses Jennifer and offers his
dialog: understanding.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: How's our hero?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I don't know.
text: She squeezes Avery's hand.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: No more than a scratch really.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: Your Honor. Pleasure... I believe
dialog: you two know each other...
text: Killcullen comes in to shake Al's hand.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Of course, Bill. Nice to see you.
speaker_heading: KILLCULLEN
dialog: We miss you at the court house.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Well, I hate to break it to you,
dialog: but I don't miss you (he he).
dialog: Swinging that gavel was starting to
dialog: interfere with my golf game.
text: Little laughs.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: Whatdaya think - with Avery,
dialog: injured, and you out of work, maybe
dialog: you'd consider joining the force.
dialog: We could use a good man.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: I'm afraid you're only recruiting
dialog: one from this family.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 37.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: (to Avery)
dialog: They give you any idea when you
dialog: might get outta here?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Can't be soon enough.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: (to Al)
dialog: Boy's got ambition. Give him that.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: That's one word for it.
dialog: (to Jennifer
dialog: We better be taking you home.
text: He takes Jennifer's hand and leads her out.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: We'll take care of your husband.
dialog: Don't you worry Jenny.
text: Weirzbowski kisses A.J.'s little hand, then Jennifer's cheek.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (to Avery)
dialog: Are you going to be Okay?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Yeah. You guys go.
text: They leave. Gordon pulls up a chair next to Avery's bed.
text: Killcullen stands.
speaker_heading: KILLCULLEN
dialog: How's the knee?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Fucked.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: It'll heal. You're young. Young
text: body bounces back. I want to
dialog: introduce you to Bill Killcullen,
dialog: Schenectady DA. Bill needs to ask
dialog: you some questions. You up for it?
dialog: Good to do it before the paint
dialog: dries, know-whatimean?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: So you're effectively putting me on
dialog: trial?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: Mister sensitive... Don't get your
dialog: panties in a bind. You're gonna be
dialog: our poster boy. This is a
dialog: formality. Best get it outta the
dialog: way.
dialog: 89
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11
text: Weirzbowski puts his hat on, gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (CONT’D)
dialog: I'll leave you two to get to know
dialog: each other. Shouldn't be too hard.
dialog: You both speak lawyer talk.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL RECOVERY ROOM- ELLIPSE.
text: ghey are deep into Avery's recounting of the events.
dialog: Kille
speaker_heading: KILLCULLEN
dialog: So what happened when you were
dialog: outside the door?
speaker_heading: AVERY
text: I heard him on the other side.
text: Sounded like he was talking on the
dialog: phone. But I couldn't tell who he
dialog: was talking to. So, I made my
dialog: presence known.
speaker_heading: KILLCULLEN
dialog: How'd you do that.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: (piecing it together)
dialog: Announced myself. "Police. Drop the
dialog: weapon." And when he didn't
dialog: respond. I kicked the door’ open...
dialog: and I saw him sitting on the ledge
dialog: of the window with... he was
text: holding a phone...
speaker_heading: KILLCULLEN
dialog: ... and he had a gun?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (deep sigh)
dialog: .-.I saw him drop the phone.
speaker_heading: KILLCULLEN
dialog: And when did he fire?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: After he dropped the phone...
speaker_heading: KILLCULLEN
dialog: And then you returned fire?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: ...Yeah...
speaker_heading: KILLCULLEN
dialog: And then he fell out the window?
text: Avery nods.
dialog: 38.
dialog: 89
text: ullen records everything on tape deck and jots notes.
dialog: +
dialog: 90
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 39.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KILLCULLEN
dialog: Good riddance.
scene_heading: INT. AVERY AND JENNIFER'S HOME - EVENING 90
text: ON THE TV: A local NEWS ANCHOR sits at her studio desk.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (ON T.V.)
text: A triumphant moment for a young
dialog: Schenectady Police officer today.
dialog: He left the hospital after
text: recovering from gunshot wounds.
text: ON TV: Footage of the day Avery shot Luke.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR gon T.V.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Officer Avery Cross hadn't been on
dialog: the force for a full year before he
dialog: ran head-on into the alleged
text: MOTOBANDIT. Reporter Ed Dague was
dialog: there as officer Cross left Ellis
dialog: hospital.
text: ON TV: Avery is wheeled out of the hospital. Dozens of cops
text: stand around and cheer him as he rolls past & pumps his fist.
speaker_heading: ED DAGUE (V.O.) (ON T.V.)
dialog: Facing the danger and fighting the
dialog: brave fight, Avery Cross accepting
dialog: the praise Of his fellow officers
text: as he is wheeled through a gauntlet
text: of cheers and apprause- Turning a
dialog: corner in his recover he's
dialog: leaving Ellis hospita well enough
dialog: to return home - happy "to be alive.
text: ON TV: Cops lift his wheelchair into an ambulance.
speaker_heading: AVERY (ON T.V.)
dialog: I'll be back before you know it.
text: ON TV: File footage from the day of the shooting.
speaker_heading: ED DAGUE (V.O. ) (ON T.V.)
dialog: This young officer's life flashed
text: before him in a flash of gunfire.
text: Responding to a bank robbery, Avery
dialog: Cross pursued alleged motor-cycle
dialog: bandit Luke Glanton through the
dialog: streets of Schenectady.
text: Avery sits on a sofa in his comfortable but not fancy home,
text: his leg elevated in a cast. Jennifer sits next to him trying
dialog: to calm A.J.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 40.
speaker_heading: ED DAGUE (V.O.) (ON T.V.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Glanton then fled into this house,
dialog: took Melissa Majack & her son Gabe
dialog: hostage, & came face to face with
dialog: Officer Cross. Glanton shot Officer
dialog: Cross in the knee before officer
text: Cross returned fire, killing the
text: suspect and saving the hostages.
text: ON TV: DAGUE stands in front of the hospital, holding a mic.
speaker_heading: ED DAGUE (ON T.V.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Officer Cross was rushed here to
dialog: Ellis hospital and listed in
dialog: critical condition. He has made a
dialog: swift recovery, but doctors say the
dialog: bullet that struck him has caused
text: nerve damage in his leg.
text: ON TV: Police CHIEF GORDON WEIRZBOWSKI, 50's greying,
text: fireplug, talks to the reporters at the scene.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (ON T.V.)
dialog: He's a hero. Plain and simple.
dialog: There's one thing he wants to do
dialog: more than anything else; that's
text: slide behind the wheel of a radio
dialog: car and go back out there and do
dialog: the same thing he was doing that
text: day. Hopefully with better results.
text: ON TV: Avery sits on the same couch he is sitting on as he
text: watches himself on TV.
speaker_heading: AVERY (ON T.V.)
dialog: I've only ever wanted to be a cop.
dialog: Ever since I was six.
text: The baby's cries drown out the TV. Jennifer stands, trying to
text: calm him down by bouncing. Jennifer doesn't look so calm
text: herself. Avery turns up the volume.
speaker_heading: ED DAGUE (ON T.V.)
dialog: We talked with Officer Cross for a
dialog: moment about the high crime rate in
dialog: Schenectady.
speaker_heading: AVERY (ON T.V.)
dialog: It's an epidemic. And it's up to
text: the police to do the heavy lifting.
dialog: That's our job. But also something
dialog: the community has to help with.
speaker_heading: ED DAGUE (ON Tv)
dialog: We also asked Cross how he feels
dialog: about ongoing allegations of
text: corruption dogging the police.
speaker_heading: AVERY (ON T.V.)
dialog: Schenectady deserves better.
dialog: 91
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 41.
text: A.J. Is wailing. Avery is numb to it. Jennifer can't take any
text: more. She retreats with the baby to their bedroom.
text: ON TV: Luke's mug-shot.
speaker_heading: ED DAGUE (V.O.) (ON T.V.)
dialog: Glanton, a drifter and sometime
dialog: motor-cycle stunt-rider, had a
dialog: violent history and a long re record.
dialog: Police say he moved here las
dialog: spring and it only took him 5 month
dialog: to start robbing local banks. He
dialog: leaves behind a infant son. I'm Ed
text: Dague, WNYT, Schenectady.
text: A commercial begins on TV. Avery is alone.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. NIGHT. 91
text: A.J. sleeps in a crib in the corner of a small bedroom. Avery
text: and Jennifer talk softly, lying in bed next to one another.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Was it scary?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: It happened so fast. Wasn't time to
dialog: be scared.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: It's scary for me.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'm okay.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I oust can't really believe that
dialog: re dealing with this you know?
dialog: Te! s just so weird...
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What do you mean weird?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I guess the fact that you're in
dialog: this position. I just never
dialog: imagined our life like this.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Yeah well it's just part of the job
dialog: unfortunately.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Haven't you had enough, now?
text: Avery sees tears welling in her eyes.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean there's so many things you
dialog: could do.
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 42.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Why are you making me feel like I'm
dialog: doing something wrong? I'm a cop.
dialog: And_I don't know why I have to
dialog: apologize for that.
speaker_heading: _ JENNIFER
dialog: We are just worried about you...
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Who's "we?"
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I talked to your dad today...
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Oh Jesus Christ. Leave him OUT of
dialog: it Jenny. He made his decisions and
dialog: now I'm making mine. OK.
text: Avery turns away from Jennifer. She looks at the ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 92
dialog: MONTAGE. Physical therapy - Avery literally learns to walk all
text: over again. We HEAR the doctor's prognosis over these images.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (V.O.)
dialog: You're going to be extremely weak
dialog: on this leg for a while, so don't
dialog: push too far too fast.
speaker_heading: AVERY (V.O.)
dialog: How long before I'm back to normal?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (V.O.)
dialog: I'd rather not give you any
dialog: unrealistic expectations.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM. EVENING. 93
text: The SOUND of the SHOWER RUNS in the background. Baby A.J.,
text: irresistibly cute, plays on a blanket, cooing. Avery sits on
text: the floor, Yegs set wide apart. He doesn't look at his son,
text: doesn't want to. His mind is somewhere else completely. The
text: doorbell rings. Avery gets up to answer it. It is Scott.
speaker_heading: scoTtT
dialog: Hey partner. We thought you might
text: like’ a little distraction.
text: Avery looks past Scott, sees PAUL DELUCA and his partner
text: CROTTY idling in a cruiser out front.
scene_heading: INT. UNMARKED POLICE CAR - EVENING 94
text: Avery and Scott ride in the back. DeLuca and Crotty up front.
dialog: 95
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 43.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: You are aware I'm not back on
dialog: active duty yet.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA ;
dialog: We're aware. This is our gift to
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO FAMILY HOUSE - AFTERNOON 95
text: Avery and Scott stand at the base of the steps and watch -
text: Deluca and Crotty ring the bell to Romina's house. Malena
text: opens the door. DeLuca flashes his badge.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: Is Romina Gutierrez at home?
text: Malena turns her head into the house.
speaker_heading: MALENA
dialog: Romina!
text: Kofi and Romina come to the door. Avery recognizes her from
text: the hospital. Deluca flashes his badge.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: Good afternoon, ma'am. We're here
dialog: to search the house.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: Evidence.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Evidence for what?
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: We're looking for the money Luke
dialog: Glanton may or may not have given
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: You supposed to have a warrant or
dialog: something, right?
text: DeLuca leans in close to Romina, quietly.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: How about you assume I have a
dialog: warrant, and I assume she has a
dialog: green card.
text: Deluca nods toward Malena. Romina is out-manoeuvered. She
text: lets them in. DeLuca nods to Scott and Avery to head
dialog: upstairs.
text: Avery reluctantly enters. Romina recognizes him from TV.
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 44,
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'm sorry for your loss.
text: Romina feels violated by his presence. Avery side-steps
text: around her, nodding.
scene_heading: INT. TWO-FAMILY HOME- UPSTAIRS. 96
text: Aided by a cane, Avery follows Scott as he heads into the
text: first room on the left. They speak in hushed tones.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I don't think I like this.
speaker_heading: ScoTT
dialog: We're safe. Come on.
scene_heading: INT. TWO-FAMILY HOME -DOWNSTAIRS. 97
text: DeLuca and Crotty sit across from Kofi and Romina. Malena
text: brings out coffee and Hostess donuts.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: Thank you, ma'am.
dialog: (to Romina)
dialog: Mostly this is just a formality. I
dialog: believe you when you tell me you
dialog: don't have the money, I really do.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: (To Romina)
dialog: Don't say anything 'til we got a
dialog: lawyer.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: Relax, pal. You're not under arrest
dialog: yet. Nothing you say matters.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: We don't got the money.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: This guy was a real piker. 10G from
dialog: this bank, 7 from that one. To them
text: it's peanuts. It's all covered by
text: the FDIC anyways.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: He offered us the money but we
dialog: never took it.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Romina.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: It's okay, really. It's my boss
dialog: see, the chief. He's very concerned
dialog: about appearances.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 45.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA (CONT'D)
dialog: otta harass good people so he
dialog: 80 s like he's doing his job. It's
dialog: all politics.
scene_heading: 98 INT. TWO-FAMILY HOUSE- UPSTAIRS. 98
text: Scott and Avery search Jason's room quietly. Scott begins to
text: lift the crib mattress.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Hold the baby.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: This is too much.
speaker_heading: scoTtrT
dialog: Come on. I don't wanna wake him.
text: Avery picks up Jason, stares at his little, sleeping body and
text: contemplates the fact that he killed this kids father.
text: Meanwhile, Scott lifts the mattress.
speaker_heading: . SCOTT (CONT'D)
dialog: Bingo.
text: He pulls out_a stack of cash, shows it to Avery, hides it on
text: his person. Avery rests Jason back into the crib.
scene_heading: 99 INT. TWO-FAMILY HOUSE- DOWNSTAIRS. 99
text: Avery and Scott come down the stairs. Scott approaches
text: DeLuca, whispers in his ear. DeLuca smiles.
scene_heading: 100 INT. UNMARKED POLICE CAR/EXT HOME - CONTINUOUS 100
text: Avery, Scott and Crotty wait in the car, WATCHING. Romina and
text: Kofi see them off from the porch. DeLuca is the last to
text: leave. He lingers for a second on the lawn.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: I gave you my card, right? If you
dialog: remember anything regarding that
dialog: money, you call me first, OK?
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Of course. Have a good evening
dialog: officer.
scene_heading: 101 INT. UNMARKED POLICE CAR- CONTINIOUS 101
text: DeLuca climbs into the car and drives off. Avery watches
text: Romina and Kofi head back inside.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: So, what's our haul?
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 46.
text: Scott produces the money and all the cops except Avery hoot.
text: Scott starts to flip through the bills.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Where'd you find it?
speaker_heading: scoTtT
dialog: Under the fucking crib.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: Ha! Perfect.
speaker_heading: scoTrT
dialog: When do you think they'll notice
dialog: it's missing?
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: They're noticing it right now.
text: Crotty grabs the bills from Scott.
speaker_heading: CROTTY
dialog: You're too young to count.
speaker_heading: ScoTtT
dialog: It's over fourteen grand!
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: It's not gonna be an even split.
dialog: The lion's share is going to you.
text: DeLuca looks at Avery in his rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA (CONT'D)
dialog: A little unofficial hazard pay.
text: Crotty counts out the money. He gives a little of it to Scott
dialog: and a lot of it to Avery.
speaker_heading: sScoTtT
dialog: Thank you!
text: Avery is slow to say something as he is handed the money.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Wow.
text: DeLuca stares at him in the rearview. Avery can't meet his
dialog: gaze.
scene_heading: 102 EXT. AVERY AND JENNIFER'S HOME. DAWN. 102
text: Avery puts the money in an old shoe box and stashes it
text: somewhere in the shed.
text: Jennifer stands in the upstairs window. She sees him come out
text: of the shed and turn off the light.
dialog: 103
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 47.
speaker_heading: CORY (¥-O-)
dialog: I know you're probably feeling a
text: little disoriented by all that has
dialog: happened.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION. OFFICE. DAY. 103
text: CORY GILBEAU, 37 female police psychologist interviews Avery.
text: Cory nods.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: I'm here to start a conversation
dialog: with you. And although I will
dialog: ultimately make a recommendation as
dialog: to whether you're ready or not to
dialog: return to duty. I want you to know
dialog: that the details of what we discuss
dialog: together will never move beyond
dialog: these walls. OK?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: OK. So how are you Avery?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: OK. Other than my knee, I'm OK.
speaker_heading: CORY ;
dialog: What are the doctors saying about
dialog: your knee?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'll never be able to bend it
dialog: properly. But that's just what it
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: That doesn't bother you?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I haven't had much time to think
dialog: about it yet.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: What have you been thinking about?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Since the shooting?
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well... you know... it's just been
dialog: such a crazy time with physical
dialog: therapy and everything you know...
text: getting everything back on track.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: What do you have to get on track?
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 48.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Everything.
text: Cory waits for him to elaborate.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean like the job and relearning
dialog: to walk and everything at home.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: What do you mean ‘everything at
dialog: home?'
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Well you know it's a shock for my
dialog: wife and it doesn't help that
dialog: there's a baby around but it's OK.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: You say it doesn't help that
dialog: there's a baby around...
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Well I just mean that it's just
dialog: another thing you know? I think I
dialog: just need time to get everything
dialog: else sorted out first.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: First before what?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Before I can deal with that I
dialog: guess..
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: You mean before you can deal with
dialog: your baby?
text: Avery doesn't respond. Cory waits.
speaker_heading: CORY (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened Avery? Is this hard
dialog: to talk about?
speaker_heading: . AVERY
dialog: It's just been hard I guess.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Hard to what?
speaker_heading: AVERY
text: Hard to look at him. I can't look
text: at him.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: What about your wife? Are you
dialog: having the same problems with her?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: .-.-I'm having a hard time...
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 49.
text: He looks at her after he says it. Silence.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (V.O.)
dialog: We are gathered here today to
dialog: celebrate a cop who makes other
dialog: cops proud.
scene_heading: INT. PROCTOR'S THEATER - DAY 104
text: Avery, propped up by a cane, is in uniform for the first time
text: in weeks. He stands on stage at Proctor's Theater. His dad,
text: Jennifer and A.J. sit in the audience 2nd with members of
text: the community and reporters. Local news videotapes it. Chief
text: Weirzbowski, in his best dress uniform, grips a podium.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: -.-Officer Avery Cross. We can all
dialog: rest a little easier at night now
text: that he's on the path of recovery.
text: The crowd spontaneously applauds.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (CONT'D)
dialog: Officer Cross is the first member
text: of his family to join the force.
dialog: And not just any force. He joined
dialog: the Schenectady Police Department.
dialog: He said he wanted to go where the
dialog: action was. Well, careful what you
dialog: wish for, right?
text: Gordon beams and the audience laughs. Gordon lumbers over to
text: Avery and officially affixes a decoration on Avery's uniform.
text: MOMENTS LATER. Photo ops. Avery in center is surrounded by
text: Weirzbowski, Jennifer, A.J., and Avery's dad.
scene_heading: INT. STEAKHOUSE. NIGHT. 105
text: DeLuca raises a glass and the other cops follow.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: To hero boy. Lucky fuck. I been on
dialog: the force 22 years, only Pees t my
dialog: weapon once. You been on less than
dialog: 6 months you already got one in the
dialog: bag. And he's white! (har har)
dialog: Lucky fuck! How's that feel?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Better him than me, right?
scene_heading: PAUL DELUCA |.
dialog: Speedy recovery. Next time, duck!
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You mean, "jump!"
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 50.
text: Everyone laughs, cheers. Al sits at the head of a large table
text: filled with people from the ceremony - Weirzbowski, Deluca,
text: Crotty, Stevens, Jennifer and Avery and Al.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (to Avery, privately)
dialog: Hell of a group.
text: Avery doesn’t quite know how to respond to his Father's
text: veiled insult.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLF COURSE. DAY. 106
text: Avery watches his dad set up the tee and prepare for his
text: drive. Al swings. Hits a beautiful shot.
scene_heading: EXT GOLF COURSE- LATER 107
text: LATER. Avery and Al are PUTTING. Avery lines up his shot but
text: has trouble navigating his bum knee.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: How's it feel to be a hero, Avery?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Honestly, I'm ready for it to end.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Well don't worry it will. You can
dialog: be sure of that. Police always
text: on a big show when something tike’
dialog: this happens. Because other than
dialog: this, at else is there to keep
dialog: people motivated? The hero card is
dialog: the only one they have to play.
dialog: It's the same thing that gets
dialog: people signed up for the army.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'm not thinking about all that. I
dialog: just want to get back to work.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Well, you can go back. Or you, gan
dialog: ge forward. Truthfully Avery i you
dialog: ad planned this you couldn't fave
dialog: orchestrated it any better. But
dialog: you" re not going to make it work
dialog: or you within the police
dialog: department I promise.
text: Avery putts. The ball goes... (well that's up to the putt!)
speaker_heading: AL (CONT'D)
dialog: Depends what you want, really. It's
dialog: your choice. But if your smart you
dialog: ride this wave into some kind o
dialog: office.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 51.
text: Al putts.
speaker_heading: AL (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at Roosevelt - A limp goes a
dialog: long way in politics.
scene_heading: INT. SCHENECTADY POLICE STATION - DAY 108
text: Avery slips into the station. Everyone greets him reverently.
scene_heading: INT. OUTSIDE CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI'S OFFICE - LATER 109
text: Avery sits outside of the Chief of Police's office.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (V.O.)
dialog: I received a call today from Bill
dialog: Killcullen. He wanted me to convey
dialog: to you some words which should come
dialog: as a relief to you -
scene_heading: INT. CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI'S OFFICE - LATER 110
text: Avery sits across from the Chief.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: The state's internal investigation
text: into the shooting of Luke Glanton
dialog: has been deemed awful.
dialog: Congratulations Officer. Put it
dialog: behind you and let's get back to
dialog: police work. OK?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: OK. That's the question I wanted...
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (V.O.)
dialog: The question is can you go back out
dialog: on patrol anytime soon? And if you
dialog: went out, could you be effective?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: No, I know. I can't.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: I'm glad you're being clear-eyed
dialog: about this. A lot of guys think
dialog: there's only one way £0 be a COR:
dialog: You know, out there busting heads.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I've never been interested in that.
dialog: +
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 52.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: There are a lot of jobs that need
dialog: to be done around here that in
dialog: ways, and you know this, in ways
dialog: are more important than what
text: happens out on the street.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I want you to make me a Lieutenant.
dialog: Put me in charge of special
dialog: investigations.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: I can't fucking do that.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Yes you can. You're the boss.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: You paid too much for your
dialog: education to act so stupid, kid.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I deserve it. But more importantly,
dialog: I have ideas that could turn that
dialog: whole division around.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: That's one mighty healthy sense of
dialog: entitlement you got there Cross.
dialog: There's geys here who have been
dialog: waiting or 5 years to make
dialog: Sergeant. Good cops. You're on the
dialog: force barely a year, get lucky, &
dialog: think you deserve to jump steps?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I deserve something.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: How about you trade in your fifteen
dialog: minutes of fame for a piece of
dialog: pussy, okay? In the meantime, back
dialog: ere in real life, you got two
dialog: choices. Retire on disability, or
dialog: reassignment at your current rank.
speaker_heading: / AVERY
dialog: Reassignment?
scene_heading: INT. EVIDENCE ROOM - DAY 111
text: Avery works behind the desk at the evidence room. It's in the
text: basement. Behind him are rows of wire-caged shelves. Scott
text: Stevens, in plain-clothes, approaches the desk.
speaker_heading: scoTtrT
dialog: Hey, man, heard you were down here.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 53.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What's with the street clothes?
speaker_heading: sScoTttT
dialog: You didn't hear? I'm vice now.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: No shit?
speaker_heading: scoTtrT
dialog: I'm actually paired up with DeLuca.
dialog: Crotty retired last month.
text: Scott hands over a folder with 2 bags of marijuana.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Thanks for the drugs.
speaker_heading: sScoTtT
dialog: Any time.
text: Scott pauses a beat, he's got something on his mind.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT’D)
dialog: We should get a bite sometime. Talk
dialog: about things...
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Hey, sure. Anything to get me outta
dialog: this cage. Name the time...
speaker_heading: scoTtT
dialog: ...You name the place.
text: They shake. Scott leaves, says, "see ya."
text: Avery heads back into the lockers. Puts the evidence inside.
text: Once done, he heads deeper into the room, stands in front of
text: another locker, opens it up. He takes out a cardboard box,
text: sits on the floor, spreads out_evidence: gun y_to his
text: motorcycle, empty backpack, wallet. Inside the wallet, he
text: finds a picture of Luke, Romina, and Jason.
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC DINER - DAY 112
text: Avery is parked in his unmarked Cavalier across the street
text: from the diner where Romina works. He watches her through the
text: window, going about her job. Avery can't seem to assuage the
dialog: guilt he feels for this woman.
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIC DINER - DAY 113
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: What can I get you?
text: Romina looks up from her pad, sees Avery sitting in a booth.
text: She tries to hide her contempt for him, looks around for
text: help, but she is the only waitress on duty. Awkward beat.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 54.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: How are you? How's your boy, Jason?
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Do you really care about my boy?
dialog: You care about my family? Or is
dialog: this just small talk?
text: Avery can't keep eye contact, her eyes full of venom. He
text: looks down, notices that Romina is pregnant.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'll just take a coffee...
text: Romina walks back into the kitchen. Avery watches her go.
text: Scott Stevens approaches and sits down. Both men shake hands.
speaker_heading: scoTtT
dialog: Thanks for meeting me. You order?
dialog: I'm starving.
text: Scott puts his hand up and waves for Romina. "Ma'am!"
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT'D)
dialog: We're dealing with a case, DeLuca
dialog: and me. And it's pretty sensitive.
dialog: I'm hoping this can stay private.
text: Avery is listening. Romina comes back to the table, trembling
text: with fear and rage. She pours Avery's coffee.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT'D)
text: Tuna melt. Large iced tea.
text: Scott hands her the menu, notices who she is, makes big eyes
text: at Avery. She turns to Avery, waits for his order. Avery
text: can't tell if she is terrified or angry. Probably both.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'm fine with coffee.
text: She takes his menu, walks away. Scott looks at Avery like a
text: kid who has just gotten away with something.
speaker_heading: scoTtT
dialog: Small fucking world.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What'd you want to talk about?
speaker_heading: scoTtrT
dialog: Right. I knew I could come to you.
dialog: You could really help us bust this
text: thing wide open.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I don't know what I can do, but I'm
dialog: here for you.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 55.
speaker_heading: sScoTtT
dialog: We have an operation going with
dialog: these low level pushers. Kids. It
dialog: could lead to their higher- ups, but
dialog: we need to convince them we're
dialog: legitimate. Now, you know how it
dialog: is. You want to sign out drugs or
dialog: money for an operation and the list
dialog: of regulations... It's insane. As
dialog: long as your arm, right?
text: Romina returns with the ice tea. Scott adds 4 sugars.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT'D)
dialog: (stirring his drink)
dialog: DeLuca and I thought, you know,
dialog: you're a stand-up guy. If we can
dialog: arrange something where we can
dialog: have, you know, temporary access to
dialog: the evidence room, and we could
dialog: borrow some stuff.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'm listening...
scene_heading: 114 INT. ELAN'S STRIP CLUB - NIGHT 114
dialog: Girls on stage grind to music and will do anything for a
text: dollar. Avery and DeLuca share a booth with Scott.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: We'll give you a list of what we
dialog: need and you pull it out for us.
dialog: We'll use it and then get it or
dialog: something exactly like it back to
dialog: as soon as we can.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: For this one investigation?
text: Scott and DeLuca look at one another.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well, yeah, for this investigation.
dialog: But we were hoping this could be
dialog: like something we're all involved
dialog: in. periodically. If we need it.
text: A COKE-HEAD moves quick through the club and ducks into the
text: bathroom. DeLuca eyes him, lets it slide.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Like an open-ended thing?
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: What the hell? Scott told me you
dialog: wanted to help us do some rea
dialog: police work.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 56.
speaker_heading: scoTtrT
dialog: Take it easy, Paul. Avery is
dialog: helping. We're just working it out.
text: Paul smiles. He points to Scott with his thumb.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: My better half.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What happens if somebody comes up
dialog: for trial and the evidence isn't
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: sScoTtT
dialog: That's not a problem...
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: You pest fudge the paper work.
dialog: We'll give you cover from the DA.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D)
dialog: Also, you_ should file the
dialog: occasional report about how
text: disorganized the evidence room is.
dialog: It's a good hedge if something
dialog: surprises us.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Why? Why would I do this? What do I
dialog: get out of it?
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: What are you saying? You want us to
dialog: bribe you or something? To do your
dialog: fucking job?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'm not asking for fucking bribes.
dialog: Just assurances. I want to do
dialog: what's right, but I need
dialog: assurances.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: The fuck? You need fucking
dialog: assurances? I don't even know what
dialog: that means. Assurance? You get that
dialog: in law school? Listen, pal, if this
dialog: blows up we're all fucked. But you,
dialog: see, you make sure it doesn't blow
dialog: up. You can walk around all day
dialog: looking down your self-righteous
dialog: fucking nose at everybody, but
dialog: you say you wanna be a cop. Do you?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Yes, but...
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: You wanna see what we're dealing
dialog: with? C'mere.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 57.
text: Deluca stands, walks into the bathroom where the Coke-head
text: disappeared minutes earlier. He beckons Avery and Scott to
text: follow. Anticipating the adventure ahead, Scott stands,
text: sighs. Avery follows his lead.
scene_heading: INT. ELAN’S BATHROOM. CONTINUOUS. 115
text: DeLuca sees feet standing inside one of the stalls. Pants
text: aren’t down. DeLuca kicks open the door. SEES the guy
text: snorting a line.
speaker_heading: COKE-HEAD
dialog: What the fuck, man?
speaker_heading: DELUCA
dialog: Gimme your dope.
speaker_heading: COKE-HEAD
dialog: I’m not doing nothing, man.
text: DeLuca grabs the man by his hair, jerks his head _ back, looks
text: up his nostrils. He pulls the man out of the stall, head
dialog: i11 pulled back.
speaker_heading: DELUCA
dialog: You’re full of shit.
dialog: (to Avery)
dialog: See this? No fucking nose hair.
dialog: It's the absolute tell-tale sign of
dialog: a fucking coke-head.
dialog: (to the Coke-head)
dialog: Who’s your source asshole?
speaker_heading: COKE-HEAD
dialog: I don’t know what the fuck you're
dialog: talking about!
text: The man is scared, doesn’t say anything. Deluca looks at
text: Avery and Scott, before yanking him out of the joint.
scene_heading: INT. DELUCA’S CAR - NIGHT 116
text: Deluca and Scott are in front and Avery sit’s in the back
text: with the Coke-head. He looks at Avery. Avery looks away.
scene_heading: EXT. PINE BARRENS - LATER 117
text: DeLuca leads the cuffed Coke-head into the pines with a
text: flashlight. Scott and Avery follow. Deluca stops.
speaker_heading: DELUCA
dialog: Okay shitbag, walk ahead of us and
dialog: stand by that tree.
text: The Coke-head is petrified. Deluca takes Avery aside.
dialog: +
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 58.
speaker_heading: DELUCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay hero go find out who his
dialog: source is.
speaker_heading: , AVERY ;
dialog: This is crazy. What are we doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: DELUCA
dialog: This is the fucking job.
text: Avery looks at Scott. Unspoken, Scott urges him on. Avery
text: walks to the Coke-head, tries to be a human being.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What’s your name?
speaker_heading: JUNKIE
dialog: Fuck you motherfucker.
text: Avery leans in and whispers.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Listen. You have any idea what kind
dialog: of trouble you’re in here? I need
dialog: to know the name of your source so
dialog: i can get you outta here.
text: Junkie doesn’t say anything. He’s not scared of Avery.
speaker_heading: DELUCA
dialog: What’s taking so long? Do the right
dialog: thing, hero.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: This is your last chance.
speaker_heading: JUNKIE
dialog: Or what? Fuck you bitch.
text: The other cops hoot with laughter. Avery is mortified by the
dialog: man's defiance and the ultimate ghetto insult - no man calls
text: another man a bitch without a fight. Avery slams the junkie
text: up against the tree.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Give me a fucking name.
text: Avery's presses the mans face against the tree. He pulls his
text: head back and slams against the tree again. Deluca puts his
text: hands on Avery’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: DELUCA
dialog: Whoa, whoa... No need to hurt the
dialog: guy for Christ sake.
text: Avery's breathing hard. He steps back.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 59.
speaker_heading: DELUCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Apologies for my colleague here.
dialog: He’s still learning how to be a
dialog: cop.
text: Deluca produces a bag of crack cocaine. He holds it up with
text: the flash light on it.
speaker_heading: DELUCA (CONT'D)
dialog: See this... It’s the real deal.
dialog: Give it a taste. It’s all yours. We
dialog: gest need one name from you. And
dialog: here's more where this came from.
text: The junkie is interested. He takes the bag. Avery learns.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. AVERY AND JENNIFER'S HOME. NIGHT. 118
text: Avery can't sleep. He stares at the ceiling. He gets out of
text: bed, very quietly.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. AVERY AND JENNIFER'S HOME. SHED. PRE-DAWN 119
text: Avery digs out the shoe box with the plastic bag of money he
text: took from Romina's place. He quietly walks back to his car.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (0.S.)
dialog: Avery?
text: Jennifer opens the back porch screen door, and comes out in
text: her nightgown. She sees the bag of money in his hand. He
text: tries to hide it. They stand there for a minute.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you wanna talk?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I have to go.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: OK.
text: He goes for his car.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: This stuff you're doing doesn't
dialog: feel good.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What stuff am I doing?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Are you in trouble?
text: Avery sighs. At a loss on how to answer.
dialog: 120
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 60.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER (CONT'D)
dialog: I've never seen you like this.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: So distant.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I just don't feel like I can trust
dialog: you right now and I never thought
dialog: 'd feel that way about you.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Then maybe I shouldn't be here.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Will you just come inside? I miss
dialog: you, Avery.
speaker_heading: AVERY.
dialog: -.-I can't... I can’t do this...
text: Jennifer gathers the courage to ask...
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Are you leaving me?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Avery gets in his car. Shuts the door. Starts it up.
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC DINER - MORNING 120
text: Romina gets off of her shift. Avery climbs out of his car.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Excuse me. Don't worry. I'm not
dialog: here as a police officer. I'm just
dialog: a regular guy.
text: Avery holds out the money for her. Romina won't touch it.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't judge anything you've done.
dialog: This is yours, not mine. Please.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: I don't know where that money is
dialog: from. And What you're doing is very
dialog: inappropriate.
text: Romina walks over to her car and gets in. Avery follows.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'm not trying to_entrap you. Take
dialog: it. You need it. For the baby.
dialog: 121
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 61.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: What do you know about what my baby
dialog: needs?
text: Romina backs out and almost runs over Avery's foot. Avery
text: watches her drive away.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION. WEIRZBOWSKI'S OFFICE. DAY. 121
text: The end of another long day But Avery has been waiting a
text: long time. Weirzbowski calls him in. Avery walks in, sees the
text: chief gathering his things to leave for the day.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Chief.
text: Avery closes the door behind him. Chief finds it curious.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: What's up, Cross? Don't tell me
dialog: you're gonna ask for another
dialog: promotion.
speaker_heading: AVERY.
dialog: No. Something else...
text: Avery reaches in his jacket, pulls out the bag of money.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: What's that doing up here?
speaker_heading: AVERY
text: It came from one of the houses.
dialog: During a search. And it's not just
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Don't say another word.
text: Avery puts the money down on the chief's desk. They both look
text: at it, then at each other.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you want me to do with
dialog: this? What do want me to do. What
dialog: do you expect me to do?
dialog: Silence. Avery wishes he would have never brought it up with
text: the chief. He stands up to leave.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (CONT’D)
dialog: Whoa. Wait a minute. I want you to
dialog: know that this is not good
dialog: business. This is not the way to
dialog: build a career.
text: The chief takes a couple of tissues from a box, uses them to
dialog: pick up the bag of money (so as not to get his fingerprints
text: on it). He throws it at Avery. Hard.
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 62.
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (CONT’D)
dialog: Take this shit outta my office.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What should I do with it?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: Shove it up your fucking ass! I
dialog: don't care! You figure it out.
text: Avery retreats out of the office. Moves through the station
text: with increasing determination.
scene_heading: INT. EVIDENCE ROOM. DAY. CONTINUOUS. 122
text: Unlocks door. Takes out Luke's box. Unzips the backpack.
text: Stuffs the money in there.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION. PARKING LOT. LATE AFTERNOON. 123
text: Avery walks out of the station, with paranoid urgency. "Chirp
text: chirp" Unlocks his car. He looks to the left, SEES -
text: Weirzbowski talking to Deluca. They turn and watch him. Shit!
text: He get's into his car - kind of a lengthy process with his
text: bum knee - has to stick his bad leg in first without bending
text: it. He's nervous and impatient. Finally gets in.
scene_heading: INT. AVERY'S CAR. DUSK. 124
text: His heart is racing from the adrenaline. He drives down ERIE
text: BLVD toward home. Not much traffic. He talks to himself.
text: suddenly . The lights from a cruiser flash behind him. "What
text: the fuck?" He doesn't know what to do. He keeps driving.
text: The cruiser gets closer. Sirens bleat.
scene_heading: INT/EXT AVERY'S CAR- CONTINUOUS 125
text: Avery is covered in sweat. He pulls over to the side. Watches
text: in the rear-view. The cruiser is parked behind him, Lights
text: still flashing. He can't make out who is driving, just hazy
text: silhouettes. The driver's door cracks open. Beat. DeLuca
text: steps out. Pulls up his pants. Approaches Avery's window.
text: He rolls down his window.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: License and registration.
text: avery | s thrown off. He reaches into his pocket. DeLuca starts
text: laughing (deep laugh of a smoker).
dialog: 126
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 63.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D)
dialog: What _the fuck is wrong with you? If
dialog: I tol' ya to bend over so I can
dialog: fuck ya up the ass would you do it?
text: Avery feels like snapping.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D)
dialog: It's a fucking joke. Have a sense
dialog: of humor. You okay?
text: Avery nods.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D)
dialog: You sure? 'Cause you don't look so
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I'm good.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: Scott told me he talked to you
dialog: about that thing. You know, that
dialog: thing? We need to talk it over. Get
dialog: a little game plan together - if
dialog: you know what I'm sayin'.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: When? Now?
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA
dialog: Now? No last week. Whatdaya mean,
dialog: "now?" Yeah now. Follow me.
text: He returns to his cruiser, pulls up next to Avery, rolls down
text: his passenger side window.
speaker_heading: PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D)
dialog: We're gonna go out a little ways.
dialog: Get away from the ears in this
dialog: city. Follow me.
text: Avery rolls up his window and nervously goes along with it.
scene_heading: INT. AVERY'S CAR INTO THE PINES- CONTINUOUS DRIVING 126
text: The headlights of Avery's car illuminate endless rows of
text: lonely pine trees. Deluca's tail lights hover ahead, leading
text: Avery deeper and deeper into the darkness. Avery's heart is
text: in his throat. He takes his gun out of his holster, sets it
text: next to him. "where the fuck are you going?"
text: Deluca turns down a dirt road, and Avery has no choice but to
text: follow. “oh my fucking ged." Avery stops. Sees, Deluca's
text: brakes light. DeLuca's door opens. Abject terror.
text: Avery does a super fast and messy 3-point turn to get out of
text: there. He is nearly hyperventilating.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 64.
text: He peels out sending a cloud of gravel and dirt into the
text: atmosphere. He straightens out on the main road and drives
text: like hell out of the forest.
scene_heading: 127 EXT/INT. AVERY'S FATHER'S HOME - GE PLOT - NIGHT 127
text: Avery pulls into his father's driveway. Stately mini mansion -
text: now all dark. Avery rings the bell. Knocks.
text: Porch light turns on. Al Cross, in robe, opens the door. He
text: looks into his son's desperate eyes. Nods. "Come in..."
scene_heading: 128 INT. AVERY'S FATHER’S HOME- LATER 128
text: They sit_in a large kitchen, drinking scotch. We pick up in
text: the middle of their conversation.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: There's always a way out. And
dialog: there's a way out of this... but
dialog: you're not going to like it. Do you
dialog: want to hear?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I want to hear.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: OK Let's start at the precinct.
dialog: Who, if anyone, still trusts you?
text: Avery knows that this is the moment he can't turn back from.
dialog: He knows who trusts him...
scene_heading: 129 INT. CRUISER. THE NEXT DAY 129
text: Avery balances 2 cups of coffee and opens the passenger's
text: side door. Scott sits in the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: sScoTtT
dialog: You really gave Deluca quite the
dialog: scare...
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: That's one way to look at it.
speaker_heading: scoTtT
dialog: What the fuck were you thinking?
dialog: He's ready to dump you and give up
dialog: on the whole thing. What happened?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I just wasn't in the mood to get
dialog: fucked around.
speaker_heading: scoTtrT
dialog: Look. I know. He's very difficult
dialog: to deal with sometimes. But that's
dialog: just him.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 130
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 65.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT'D)
dialog: He needs to get comfortable. He's
dialog: just testing you. He needs to know
dialog: youre on board. And it's getting a
dialog: ittle hard for me to keep vouching
dialog: for you. Especially when you act so
dialog: fucking weird all the time.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Well enough with the fucking tests.
dialog: You tell me what you want me to do
dialog: or just fucking leave me alone.
speaker_heading: sScoTtT
dialog: Damn, you're touchy.
dialog: Avery is all nerves.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Okay fuck it. I'm out.
text: Avery opens his car door to get out.
speaker_heading: scoTtT
dialog: Hey come on partner.
text: Avery stops. Wants to just walk away, but he can't leave.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT’D)
dialog: Remember the MacInnis case? The
dialog: kilo? We need you_to pull that out
dialog: for us. Deluca will make the pick
dialog: up. We'll get it, or something
dialog: exactly like it, back to as soon as
dialog: we can.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Not a problem.
speaker_heading: sScoTtT
dialog: I knew I could count on you.
dialog: They slap "five."
scene_heading: INT. SCHENECTADY COUNTY D.A.'S OFFICE - DAY 130
text: Avery, in uniform, sits across from D.A. Killcillen. He holds
text: a small tape-recorder up & Plays his conversation with Scott
text: which he secretly recorded. Killcillen leans in to listen.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (ON TAPE RECORDER)
dialog: I knew we could count on you.
text: Avery clicks off the tape, hands the recorder to Killcullen.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I have more. Much more.
text: Killcullen studies the recorder and puts it on his desk.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 66.
speaker_heading: BILL KILLCULLEN
dialog: Have you shown this to IA?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: BILL KILLCULLEN
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I have no interest in being a
dialog: martyr. I can give you this whole
text: case on a silver platter.
text: Killcullen smiles. He presses a button on his intercom. His
text: receptionist STACY answers on the other end.
speaker_heading: BILL KILLCULLEN
dialog: Stacy? Is it Christmas?
speaker_heading: STACY (OVER THE INTERCOM)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BILL KILLCULLEN
dialog: Can you check for me and see if
dialog: it's Christmas?
speaker_heading: STACY (OVER THE INTERCOM)
dialog: I'm busy.
text: The intercom clicks off.
speaker_heading: BILL KILLCULLEN
dialog: To the best of my knowledge, it's
dialog: not Christmas. Therefore, I assume
dialog: this isn't just a gift you want to
dialog: give me?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: No. I have conditions.
speaker_heading: BILL KILLCULLEN
dialog: And what are these conditions?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: First off, you need to give me your
dialog: word you' re going to follow
dialog: through. Second, I want immunity if
dialog: you do follow through. And thir
dialog: whether you follow through or not,
dialog: I want you to make me an assistant
dialog: D.A. I have a law degree and I
speaker_heading: passed the BAR.
speaker_heading: BILL KILLCULLEN
dialog: I already have an assistant D.A.
dialog: Two, actually.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Make room.
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 67.
speaker_heading: BILL KILLCULLEN
dialog: Officer Cross. Avery, right? Can I
dialog: call you Avery? Avery, you're
dialog: obviously someone I can be candid
dialog: with. No bullshit. Well let me ask
dialog: you straight, just on the face of
dialog: this yoposition, why the hell do
dialog: you think I'd be willing to reward
dialog: you for this shit sandwich? I have
dialog: to work with the guys on this tape.
dialog: I'm not going to make it my
dialog: business to screw them.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: You can say no to me and I'll walk
dialog: out of here and walk right into the
dialog: Gazette. Only when I play the tapes
dialog: for them, they'll be some new
dialog: material.
text: Avery pulls another little recorder from his inside coat
text: ocket and shows it to Killcullen. It's recording. Killcullen
text: eans back in his chair and smiles. Avery smiles back.
speaker_heading: BILL KILLCULLEN
dialog: Wow. You're a real asshole, huh?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Act now, and I'm your asshole.
scene_heading: EXT. DELUCA RESIDENCE - DAY 131
text: Federal agents arrest Paul DeLuca at his home and lead him
text: down his sidewalk in cuffs.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (ON T.V.) (V.O.)
dialog: Drugs, corruption and gang . It's
dialog: not an investigation by the
dialog: Schenectady Police it's an
dialog: investigation into the Schenectady
dialog: Police.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - DAY 132
text: Scott Stevens is put into a cell. The door closes behind him.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (ON T.V.) (V.O.)
dialog: Earlier today, DA William
dialog: Killcullen announced that his
dialog: office, in conjunction with the
dialog: F.B.I. would be handing down
dialog: indictments that would lead to the
dialog: arrests of Schenectady Police
dialog: officers.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION. NIGHT. 133
text: Chief Weirzbowski stands, watching the TV, seething.
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 68.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (ON T.V.)
dialog: The D.A. is making allegations
dialog: today that Schenectady vice
dialog: officers acted like the gangs they
dialog: were supposed to be busting.
scene_heading: INT. AVERY AND JENNIFER'S HOME. NIGHT 134
text: ON TV: A REPORTER stands in front of the Police station.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: Officers allegedly stole drugs,
dialog: money and even guns from the police
text: department's evidence room. With
dialog: the stolen evidence, officials say,
dialog: the cops allegedly paid criminals
dialog: to help set up their rivals which
text: lead to headline grabbing arrests.
text: Jennifer watches the news report on TV, bounces A.J.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. AVERY'S FATHER'S HOME - GE PLOT - NIGHT 135
text: Avery and his father watch the local news. His father takes a
text: phone call, and Avery is left alone, in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (ON T.V.)(V.O)
text: The D.A. Announced a star witness
text: in the case, hero-cop Avery Cross,
dialog: who post under a year ago was shot
dialog: in the line of duty while saving
dialog: two Schenectady residents from the
dialog: alleged "motobandit."
scene_heading: INT. LEGAL OFFICE. CONFERENCE ROOM. MONTHS LATER. DAY. 136
text: Avery and Jennifer enter a room with their LAWYERS and a
text: MEDIATOR. Avery sits on one side of a big conference table
text: with his Lawyer and Jennifer sits on the other with hers. The
text: mediator sits at the head. Awkward. Little eye contact.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR
dialog: It's always nice when two parties
dialog: can come to an agreement on their
dialog: own without having to enter a
dialog: courtroom because we all know where
dialog: that can lead. That being said I
dialog: just want to remind all parties
dialog: present that we're not locked in
dialog: yet and there's still time to
dialog: revise the specifics of this
dialog: agreement but after these divorce
dialog: documents are signed of course that
dialog: window closes. Ok? Mr. Cross, do
dialog: you fully understand that in
dialog: Signing this document you are
dialog: willingly giving away Sole custody
dialog: of your son A.J.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 137
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 69.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Cross to your former wife Jennifer
dialog: Cross and in so doing you
dialog: understand that_you are
dialog: relinquishing all rights going
dialog: forward to make decisions regarding
dialog: the parenting of you son. Do you
dialog: fully understand the implications
dialog: of what you're signing?
text: Avery leans over to his lawyer.
scene_heading: AVERY'S LAWYER
dialog: Yes he does.
speaker_heading: MEDIATOR
dialog: And do you, Jennifer Cross
dialog: understand the terms of this
dialog: agreement?
text: Jennifer is heart-broken. She looks at Avery, hoping that
text: he'll put up a fight. He doesn't. Defeated, disappointed,
text: disillusioned, she looks down and says "yes."
scene_heading: JENNIFER'S LAWYER
dialog: Yes she does.
text: ELLIPSE. Documents are signed.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETARY. DAY. 16 YEARS LATER. 137
text: The cemetary is natural, hilly and wild. Pall-bearers remove
text: a casket from the back of a Hearse.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (V.O.)
dialog: Albert Cross was someone who
dialog: brought justice and strength to all
dialog: aspects of his life.
text: People awkwardly mingle as they find their seats. This is a
text: big funeral. A preacher stands at a podium next to an tent
text: and an open grave. People sit and stand, listen and remember.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: He was not only a father to his
dialog: beautiful family but also a father
dialog: to our entire community.
text: Avery, now the distinguished looking statesman (a little
text: grayer at the temples, but still in great shape), sits next
text: to a now 16-year old A.J. Jennifer sits next to A.J.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I would like to welcome his son,
dialog: who I know he was extremely proud
dialog: of, to say a few words. DA Cross?
text: Avery stands. People watch him with sympathetic expressions
text: as he quietly makes his way to the podium.
dialog: 138
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 70.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Let me start by saying thank you to
dialog: everyone who has come out today to
dialog: honor my father's life. I know Al
dialog: had a tremendous impact on so many
dialog: of you here. He was not exactly
dialog: what you would call a low impact
dialog: man. I remember as a boy looking at
text: him in his judges gown and thinking
dialog: my dad is a super hero. Now looking
dialog: back I think I was not so far off.
dialog: My father had that all important
dialog: quality as a Judge of being both
dialog: compassionate and ferocious at the
dialog: same time. He was not afraid to
dialog: make enemies and because of that_he
dialog: made many friends. Before he fell
dialog: into a coma I was able to tell him
dialog: that I was dedicating my run for
dialog: Senate to him.
dialog: (chokes up)
dialog: He shook his head no. I didn't
dialog: understand why he did this. And so
dialog: I leaned in close and he managed to
dialog: whisper... and he said to ame, "I'll
dialog: take the win not the run.
text: People laugh. Jennifer doesn't.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: That was Al.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. AVERY'S FATHER'S HOME - GE PLOT - LATER 138
text: Well dressed folks gather at Al's house for a reception. Pot
text: luck dishes cover the grand dining room table. A.J. wears
text: headphones as he fills a plate with food. Avery makes the
text: rounds accepting condolences with the grace of a politician.
text: Jennifer watches him finish one conversation and move quickly
text: to another. She hangs back until the opening reveals itself.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Avery.
text: Avery turns around and Jennifer gives him a meaningful hug.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I guess this day had to come at
dialog: some point right?
text: Jennifer nods.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I know how hard this must be for
dialog: you.
text: Avery knows that Jennifer knows the true depth of how hard it
text: is. He works to stay composed.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 139
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 71.
text: Avery averts his eyes from Jennifer's stare.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: So I know this is not_the ideal
dialog: time but I need to talk to you
dialog: about A.J. a little bit.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Okay.
dialog: It's hard for Jennifer to say this...
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: He wants to live with you... He
dialog: won't stop asking me about it.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Really? Well I think he should at
dialog: some point.
text: Jennifer looks at him sadly. She would do anything to keep
text: him at home.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: This is his senior year Aver
dialog: There isn’t going to be anot er
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: It's just... a tough time for me
dialog: right now. With the campaign and...
dialog: I'm totally unprepared you know?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Is that what you want me to tell
dialog: him? That it’s a tough time for
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Jennifer...
scene_heading: EXT. AVERY'S HOME. POOLSIDE. DAY. 139
text: Avery is sitting in an patio chair, trying to lead a
text: conference call with his political advisors. They discuss
dialog: details of his campaign.
text: A.J. walks out of the house with a big beach towel, sets it
text: on a chair. He takes off his shirt and stands on the edge of
text: the pool, watching his dad talking on the phone.
text: Avery looks at his son, shirtless, skinny, pale, standing on
text: the edge of his pool. As if A.J. senses his dad’s inspection,
text: he jumps and cannonball’s into the pool.
text: He makes a big splash and lots of noise. Avery takes the
text: conference call inside. A.J. is left in the pool alone.
dialog: +
dialog: ee
dialog: +
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 72.
scene_heading: EXT LINTEN HIGH SCHOOL. DAY. 140 *
text: A.J. parks his nice car in the student lot of the school.
speaker_heading: GUIDANCE COUNSELOR (0.S.)
dialog: Let's see... Avery Cross?
dialog: A.J.
dialog: A.J.
speaker_heading: GUIDANCE COUNSELOR
dialog: Oh okay.
text: A.J. passes by other students on his way into school.
scene_heading: INT. GUIDANCE COUNSELOR'S OFFICE - LATER 141
text: A.J. sits across from the GUIDANCE COUNSELOR. He looks over
dialog: his schedule.
speaker_heading: GUIDANCE COUNSELOR
dialog: I saw your dad on TV the other day.
dialog: He’s really good in front of those
dialog: cameras.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Yeah. We’re really proud of him.
scene_heading: INT. LUNCHROOM. 142 *
text: A.J. wanders around the lunchroom with a tray of pizza -
dialog: doesn’t know anybod: doesn't see a place to sit. Sees a big,
text: rebellious Yooking fa — JASON sitting alone. A.J. walks over
text: and puts his tray down across from him.
dialog: +
dialog: A.J.
dialog: What’s up?
text: Jason eyes A.J., then nods. A.J. opens his milk carton. Looks *
text: around at GIRLS walking by.
speaker_heading: A.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: Must be extra hormones in the
dialog: chicken here cuz these girls are
dialog: developed. N’aw mean?
text: Jason looks around and smiles.
speaker_heading: A.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn...My dad wanted me here for my
dialog: senior year - I don't know why. I'm
dialog: so fucking glad to get out of
dialog: fucking Troy though man.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 73.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: That fucking town sucks dude. Way
dialog: worse than here.
text: Jason eats.
speaker_heading: A.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: You have any good distractions
dialog: ‘round here?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Some.
scene_heading: EXT. GROUT PARK. AFTERNOON. 143
text: A.J. takes the first drag of a marijuana pipe. Holding the
text: smoke in his lungs he passes it to Jason. Jason does the
dialog: same.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN TRACK MONTAGE— LATER 144
text: They tell jokes, get high, wrestle lost in the hot autumn
text: friendship. The characters literally get to know each other
dialog: before our eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN TRACK- LATER 145
dialog: A.J.
dialog: You live with both of your parents?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: That's cool they're still together.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah well it's not my real dad
dialog: but...
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Where's your real dad at?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Died. In a car accident. I was
dialog: still a baby though.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: That's fucked up right?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That's the way it is.
text: Beat. A.J. looks at him. They walk.
dialog: +
dialog: 146
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 74.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: This is kind bud dude - but you
dialog: know where we can score some X?
scene_heading: INT. SUV. NIGHT 146
text: A.J. drives his dad’s SUV through Hamilton Hill section of *
dialog: Schenectady.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Take a right. And then pull over up
dialog: there.
text: A.J. puts on his blinker, turns the corner, & pulls over.
text: It’s a rough part of town. He gives Jason a pile of cash, and
text: leaves the engine running.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: K wait here.
text: A.J. cranks his head to see Jason run/walk down the block to
text: a shitty looking house. A.J. waits, looks around, nervous.
text: Jason is back relatively quickly. He hands A.J. a package of *
dialog: 20 tabs. *
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Yeah son!
text: A.J. takes his X. *
speaker_heading: A.J. (CONT'D) *
dialog: What you waiting for? *
text: Jason thinks twice. Then pops his tab. A.J. hoots and *
text: hollers, pumps his stereo, then pulls away from the curb. *
text: Suddenly. Cop lights flash behind them.
speaker_heading: A.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: (freaking out)
dialog: What the fuck? Oh fuck. Holy shit.
text: A.J. keeps driving. Jason turns down the music. *
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Shit. Just pull over. *
dialog: A.J. *
dialog: What the fuck, dude? *
speaker_heading: JASON *
dialog: Just chill out. Just pull over. *
text: Finally, A.J. does.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: What the fuck did you do?
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 75.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHENECTADY POLICE STATION - CONTINUOUS 147
text: Avery gets out of his car and walks into the station.
speaker_heading: AVERY (V.O.)
dialog: Where have you got him?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI (V.O.)
text: Downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION. CONT 148
text: Chief WEIRZBOWSKI briefs Avery as they walk through the halls
dialog: of the station.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: He was bu ing gostasy from some
dialog: Schenectady kid
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Who arrested him?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
text: Beat cop. Central district patrol.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Anyone see him come in other than
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: No. I made sure of that.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: And what about the arresting
dialog: officers? Stand up guys?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: Fpey! 11 sit on this. If they hear
dialog: rom me.
scene_heading: INT. VIDEO MONITOR ROOM- CONTINUOUS 149
text: They arrive at a video monitor which is split into quadrants.
text: Avery looks at the screen, SEES - A.J. sitting alone in an
text: interrogation room, & Jason, with his head down in his folded
text: arms on the table, sitting alone in a separate room.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Who's the other kid?
speaker_heading: CHIEF WEIRZBOWSKI
dialog: Jason Kancam. Got caught a few
dialog: years ago on some vandalism charge.
text: Another aimless youth.
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: 150
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 76.
text: Avery can't believe it. He tries to hide his surprise.
speaker_heading: AVERY
text: Cut the mic in room 2.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 150
text: Avery enters the room, takes off his jacket, uses his jacket
text: to cover the hidden camera; obscuring the surveillance feed.
text: A.J. is rolling.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: I'm really sorry dad. It was m
dialog: fault. I shouldn’t have been there.
dialog: I know you don’t have time to deal
dialog: with this kinda stuff right now. It
dialog: won't happen again. You have my
dialog: word.
text: Avery holds a stare at his son. His apology falls on deaf
dialog: ears.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Not him.
text: Awkward beat.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Leave that kid alone.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Why?
text: Avery pushes him into the wall. Gets up in his face. Avery's
text: voice is full of malice but he keeps it at a raspy whisper.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Wipe that fucking smile off your
dialog: face.
text: A.J.’s smile has become a terrified quiver.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: You hear me? Not him.
text: A.J. doesn't respond - tears are now coming out of his eyes.
text: Avery releases him, stands up.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay away from him, you understand
dialog: me?
text: A.J. nods his head slightly. He puts his jacket on and
text: resumes the face of a politician. A.J.
dialog: +
speaker_heading: OE
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 77.
text: follows him out of the room wiping the tears from his eyes
text: with the sleeve of his sweatshirt.
scene_heading: INT. OTHER INTERROGATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS 151
text: Jason sits alone in the other interrogation room. A COP opens
text: the door and enters the room. The cop takes a seat across
dialog: from Jason.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Okay. You are under arrest. I'm
dialog: supposed to advise of your rights.
dialog: You have the right to remain
dialog: silent. Anything you say can and
dialog: will be used against you. You have
dialog: the right to an attorney. If you
dialog: can't afford an attorney, one will
dialog: be appointed for you.
text: Jason swallows hard. His eyes dart around the room.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
text: Jason nods, rapidly.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT'D)
dialog: We're gonna book you now, okay?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ‘kay.
scene_heading: INT. SCHENECTADY POLICE STATION - LATER 152
text: Jason is fingerprinted and photographed. His personal
text: possessions are taken from him and cataloged.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Do you want to call someone?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: What's not to know?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don't want my mom to find out.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: She's gonna find out anyway. If you
dialog: don't call someone, you're gonna
dialog: spend the night in jail.
text: Jason thinks about it.
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 78.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL - LATER 153
text: Scared, Jason sits in a holding cell with 1 or 2 DRUNKS.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: I look where I want to look. I'm
dialog: looking at you and if ou say
dialog: anything about it, I'll defend
dialog: myself.
text: Jason tries to look away. Tries to make himself disappear.
speaker_heading: DRUNK (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't ignore me. Don't you fucking
dialog: ignore me.
scene_heading: INT. AVERY'S HOME. DAY. 154
text: A.J. sits alone on the living room couch. He eats a piece of
text: pizza and watches a news report. The report shows Avery
text: campaigning at the local BOYS AND GIRLS CLUB.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: -+- The senatorial candidate even
dialog: took time to play a few innings
dialog: with the local youth.
text: We see Avery at bat, swing, hit and run the bases (his limp
text: slowing him down of course.
scene_heading: INT. COURT ROOM - DAY 155
text: Jason sits alone in the gallery of a court house with a
scene_heading: PUBLIC DEFENDER.
text: Kofi and Romina, both 16 years older, enter the room, shake
text: hands with the public defender. Jason can’t really make eye
dialog: contact with them because he knows how ANGRY they are.
speaker_heading: PUBLIC DEFENDER
dialog: So, Jason. Seems like you have some
dialog: friends in high places?
text: Jason is visibly confused.
speaker_heading: PUBLIC DEFENDER (CONT'D)
dialog: Just lucky, I guess. I'm getting
dialog: some pretty strong signals from the
dialog: prosecutor that if you plead
dialog: guilty, we can bargain this down to
dialog: almost nothing.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: What do you mean? Like it will be
dialog: dismissed?
speaker_heading: PUBLIC DEFENDER
dialog: No. If he pleads guilty he'll have
dialog: a record.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: ee
dialog: +
speaker_heading: % HH HF
speaker_heading: HK
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 79.
speaker_heading: PUBLIC DEFENDER (CONT'D)
dialog: But if we bargain down to
dialog: misdameanor possession we can get
dialog: some time served from the night in
dialog: jail and at worst maybe a fine and
dialog: some probation.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: And we get that if we plead guilty?
text: Defender gets up to leave, stacking folders as he goes.
speaker_heading: PUBLIC DEFENDER
dialog: It’s your lucky day, I guess.
text: Romina stares at her son. He looks to her, finds no approval.
scene_heading: INT. KOFI’S CAR. DAY. 156
dialog: They drive home. Nobody says a word. You could cut the
text: tension with a knife.
scene_heading: INT. TWO-FAMILY HOUSE. DAY. 157
text: Jason enters the house and runs up to his room. Kofi and
text: Romina enter behind him. HEAR him shut his door.
scene_heading: INT. TWO FAMILY HOUSE, JASON'S ROOM - LATER 158
text: Knock at the door.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah.
text: Romina enters the room and looks around. Jason closes his
text: notebook and looks at her. He knows how fucked he is.
text: She walks over to Jason and slaps him across the face. It’s
dialog: the kind of slap that makes your eyes water.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Don’t you ever do that to me.
text: Jason looks up at his mom. It’s the first time she’s hit him.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: No call? No nothing? You were
dialog: afraid we'd be angry?
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Well guess what. We're angry.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: You need to start acting like
dialog: you're a part of this family.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: HHH HK
dialog: +
dialog: +
speaker_heading: 4 HH HH OF
dialog: +
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11
speaker_heading: ROMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Not just some guy who lives in the
dialog: same house. Okay?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Say "okay."
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay.
text: Jason puts his head down.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: I will not watch this happen.
text: She leaves his room, slamming his door shut.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTIAN BROTHERS ACADEMY. WAITING ROOM.
text: Jason and Romina sit in the waiting room.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (V.O.)
dialog: We see kids like yours every day
text: Mrs. Cankam. Young men who come
dialog: here and think that somehow the
dialog: jaws of the land don’t apply to
dialog: them.
scene_heading: MONTAGE. CHRISTIAN BROTHERS ACADEMY.
dialog: 80.
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
text: A SERGEANT gives Jason and Romina a tour of the facilities.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (V.O.)
dialog: Boys who have been through
dialog: countless schools, jails, foster
dialog: homes, you name it.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTIAN BROTHERS ACADEMY. OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Jason and Romina sit across a desk from the SERGEANT.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: I've spoken to countless mothers
dialog: just like your self who feel with
dialog: out hope for their sons and all I
dialog: have to tell you is that what we do
dialog: here at the Christian Brothers
dialog: Academy works. We do not deviate
dialog: from our routine for anything or
dialog: anyone. Every cadet does physical
text: training starting at 6:05 sharp.
dialog: Then chores, then formation,
dialog: advisory, academics and so on until
text: chores and lights out at 10 pm.
dialog: Cadets have 35 minutes per day of
dialog: free time.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 161
dialog: *
speaker_heading: OE
dialog: *
speaker_heading: OF
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: ee
dialog: 162
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 81.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (CONT'D)
dialog: If this is not respected it will be
dialog: promptly retracted. We believe,
dialog: Mrs. Cankam, that freedom is
dialog: earned. It all comes down to the
dialog: character of the individual.
text: They both look to Jason.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Well, I honestly don’t know what
dialog: else there is for us to do.
text: Jason is shocked. He’s not going here in a million years.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Well let’s talk to the young man
dialog: himself. How do you see yourself
dialog: fitting in here, Jason?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don’t. I’m not coming here. No
dialog: way.
text: The sergeant is not surprised by Jason’s answer. He turns and
text: speaks to Romina as if Jason is not there.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: This kind of resistance to the
dialog: program is typical Mrs. Cankam.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. MOVING. CONTINUOUS. 162
text: Romina drives. Jason is very distant.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: I'm doing this only because I love
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: How can you say that? How can you
dialog: say you love me when you’re gonna
dialog: kick me out of your house?
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: You can be mad at me all you want.
dialog: But you have made your own choices
dialog: here, Jason.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That’s a funny way to love someone.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Jason..
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: This is my last year at home, and
dialog: you're gonna send me away? You must
dialog: really love me.
speaker_heading: He HH HHH HHH HHH HH
dialog: +
speaker_heading: HH FH HHH HHH HH
speaker_heading: OE
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 82.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Jason. Jason. No one’s sent you
dialog: away yet...
text: Jason looks away from his mom, yanks on the strings on his
text: hoodie until his face disappears into a black hole.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: The application process takes 2
dialog: weeks. You can change my mind about
dialog: this. But you’re gonna have to
dialog: prove it to me. You have 2 weeks.
dialog: But I need you to try really really
dialog: hard. OK?
text: She puts out her hand to shake.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Jason... Do we have a deal? Jason?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: You gotta shake on it.
text: Jason does. A little bit of the tension is lifted.
scene_heading: EXT. LINTEN HIGH SCHOOL. MORNING. 163
text: Kofi pulls his SUV up into the student lot. Vanessa gets out
text: of the passenger’s seat, Jason gets out of the back seat.
text: Kofi gets out of the driver's seat, pops the back hatch,
text: retrieves a diorama. He brings it to Vanessa, kisses her on
text: the top of her head. Then, pulls Jason by neck, and kisses
text: him on the top of his head. Embarrassed, Jason swings a
text: playful punch at Kofi.
text: A.J., surrounded by other kids, watches the scene from the
text: fancy tail of his SUV.
text: Jason sees that A.J. has been watching him. He waves at A.J.
text: A.J. turns away from him. Jason, a little perplexed, walks
text: into school with his sister.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL. POOL - DAY 164
text: Loud echoing yells and laughter fill the pool area. Students
text: enjoy free time. Jason stands on the edge, reticent to get
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: GYM TEACHER
dialog: Gotta get wet, Cancam. Only way to
dialog: get credit is to get in the pool.
text: Jason slowly descends the stairs into the pool. The water is
text: cold. He holds onto the wall because he can’t swim. Looks up,
text: SEES A.J. run on the diving board do a sick flip into the
text: pool. Big splash. Kids cheer.
speaker_heading: HHH FH HK
dialog: *
dialog: +
speaker_heading: HK HH HOH HHH HHH OH
dialog: >
dialog: 165
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 83.
text: Using the wall, Jason makes his way over to A.J., who is
text: talking and goofing off with a group of guys.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Sup?
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Sup dude?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That was a sick dive.
text: Jared comes up behind A.J. and dunks him. A.J. retaliates and
text: gets Jared back. Jason watches, a bit uncomfortably, hoping
dialog: hey don’t try and do the same to him.
speaker_heading: GYM TEACHER
text: Hands off the side, Cancam.
text: Jason lets go of the edge. Tries desperately to stay afloat.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM. LATER 165
text: Students get dressed. Loud. Commotion. Jason sits near A.J.
text: who sits with other kids.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hey, sorry man. I didn’t mean to
dialog: get you busted.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Fuck that, dude. My dad had me
dialog: outta there in like 5 minutes. I
dialog: wasn’t gonna stay there and get
dialog: fucked up the ass all night.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You get grounded or something like
dialog: that? What was your punishment?
dialog: A.J.
dialog: (Laughs )
dialog: wy punishment is I can do no wrong.
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m OK.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Really? Cause I saw that guy today.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What guy?
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Your dad... That’s your fucking
dialog: dad? Dude, he looks’ like fucking
dialog: linebacker.
text: Jared laughs. A.J. enjoys the attention.
speaker_heading: + HH HHH HH FH KHH FHF
speaker_heading: HK
dialog: *
dialog: 166
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 84.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Kofi’s cool.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: He's fucking ridiculous, bro.
dialog: When’d he move in?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What? He didn’t move in.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: He’s always been there? Did he at
dialog: least wait until your dad died to
dialog: move in on your momma?
text: Laughter. Jason is rip shit. Gets in A.J.'s face.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What the fuck are you talking
dialog: about, A.J.?
dialog: Dude. chil! “Gay playin. Don’t be
dialog: so serious. You got a fucking
dialog: temper, man. You need to get that
dialog: shit under control. Or you’re gonna
dialog: get into trouble,
text: A.J. and gang get up, leaving Jason alone in the locker room.
scene_heading: INT. JASON'S HOUSE, DINING ROOM - EVENING 166
text: Jason and his family eat dinner. Kofi and Vanessa talk about
text: her day at school. Jason won't make eye contact with anyone
text: in his family. He’s deep in his own thoughts.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (blurting)
dialog: What’s the deal with my dad?
text: Everyone in the house goes quiet. Kofi looks to Romina to see
text: how she wants to answer this. This question takes her aback,
text: bringing to surface many conflicting emotions. She becomes a
speaker_heading: ; JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you hate him or something?
text: Romina can’t look at Jason. She can’t look at anyone.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just wondering, because, I’m
dialog: just - I don’t even know what color
dialog: is eyes were...
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: I told you everything there is to
dialog: know Jason.
speaker_heading: HHH HH HHH HH HH
dialog: *
speaker_heading: HH HHH HH HHH
dialog: >
dialog: +
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 85.
speaker_heading: JASON *
dialog: You haven’t told me shit. *
text: She gets up with her plate. Disappears into the kitchen. Kofi *
text: watches, then looks toward Jason. Jason looks dejected. Kofi *
text: takes a bite of his food. *
scene_heading: 167 INT. JASON’S ROOM. NIGHT. 167 *
text: Jason doodles in a notebook - violent pictures. KNOCK at the *
text: door. Kofi appears in the doorway. *
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Feel like going for a ride? *
speaker_heading: JASON *
dialog: Not realy. *
speaker_heading: KOFI *
dialog: I do. Let’s go. Come on. *
scene_heading: 168 EXT. FRIENDLY'S RESTAURANT - PARKING LOT - LATER 168
text: Kofi and Jason lean against his SUV. Kofi drinks a shake.
text: Jason licks an ice cream cone.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Can we drive around?
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: With ice cream? Come on. I'm trying
dialog: to keep that car nice.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That car is older than you. *
text: Kofi laughs in spite of himself.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Wait til you have your own. Which
dialog: at the rate you're going will be
dialog: never.
text: Kofi and Jason enjoy their ice cream in silence.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: How come mom won't talk to me about *
dialog: my dad? *
text: Another silence. Kofi searches...
speaker_heading: KOFI
speaker_heading: (like DARTH VADER)
dialog: I'm your father. Search your
dialog: feelings, you know it to be true.
text: Jason laughs.
dialog: 169
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 86.
speaker_heading: KOFI (CONT'D)
dialog: It's your mom's business to talk
dialog: about or not talk about, you know?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Grandma used to tell me some.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Oh yeah? What'd she say?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: She said he was a bad man. An
dialog: outlaw or something.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: (unimpressed)
dialog: That sound cool to you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don't know. Was he really messed
dialog: up?
text: Jason licks his ice cream and tries to look unmoved.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: He's not your father. Not really.
dialog: He's some guy who had a baby. I'm
dialog: your father. I been there since you
dialog: were born. I love you. I'll always
dialog: love you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Will you tell me his name?
dialog: Kofi considers this request.
speaker_heading: _ KOFI
dialog: Your mom is gonna murder me.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL LIBRARY. DAY. 169
text: Jason GOOGLES the name 'LUKE GLANTON' on the school computer.
text: A list of links to old news articles comes up. Jason clicks
dialog: on one - a text only article. READS:
dialog: "MOTO-bandit LUKE Glanton was_shot and killed yesterday in a
text: shoot-out with Schenectady Police...
text: Jason is floored.
text: He continues discovering more details on his father's life,
text: and death. Nearing the end of the article he READS:
dialog: "Glanton, a former motorcycle stunt rider had been working at
text: Van Der Zee service station in Rotterdam. His former boss,
scene_heading: ROBIN VAN DER ZEE, declined to be interviewed for this
dialog: article.
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 87.
scene_heading: EXT. NISKAYUNA STREETS/SCHENECTADY STREETS - AFTERNOON 170
text: Jason rides away from school down Route 5 toward ROTTERDAM.
scene_heading: EXT. VAN DER ZEE SERVICE STATION - LATER 171
text: Other then the assortment of cars parked out front, not much
text: has changed in the last 15 years. Jason leans his bike
text: against an old pay phone out front.
scene_heading: INT. VAN DER ZEE SERVICE STATION 172
text: Jason walks INTO THE FRONT OFFICE. It's empty. He sits down,
text: waits & can see into the busy arage bays from where he sits.
text: DEAN THE MECHANIC walks into the office, startles Jason.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (clears throat)
dialog: Yeah. I'd like to talk to Robin Van
dialog: Der Zee?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: He's busy right now. What can I do
dialog: for you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I just need to talk to him. It's
dialog: not about a car.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Alright... Wait here.
text: Dean walks back into the bays. Jason watches him talk to
text: Robin, who is working over the engine of a Ford Focus. Robin
text: looks at the office. Comes out, wiping the grease off his
dialog: hands?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Do I know you?
text: Jason shakes his head, "no."
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: My name's Jason.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I was wondering if I could talk to
dialog: you about Luke Glanton.
text: Robin hasn't heard that name in a long time. It registers a
text: change on Robin's face. He tries not to betray it. However,
text: Jason sees it.
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 88.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not a cop.
speaker_heading: 1 neeeN
dialog: au s
dialog: cleati 9 )
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I'm his son.
text: A change comes over Robin's face again.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: No shit... Goddamn. You kinda look
dialog: like him.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: A little bit, I think.
text: Jason is warmed by this.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You drink beer?
text: Jason nods.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on in.
text: Jason follows Robin into the back.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: How old are you anyway?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: 17. Goddamn.
scene_heading: 173 INT. BACK ROOM. LATER. 173
text: Robin pulls out a box of papers, memorabilia.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Gotta be in here somewhere... there
dialog: we go.
text: Robin pulls out dusty newspaper from. the stack. Above the
text: fold headline reads, 'Moto Bandit Killed by Sch'dy Cop.' He
text: hands it to Jason.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: There he is. That's him. That's
dialog: Luke.
dialog: 174
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 89.
text: Jason stares in awe at LUKE'S MUGSHOT. It is the first time
dialog: he has ever seen his father.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: He was a grazy son of a bitch. But
dialog: he had a big heart.
text: Next to Luke's picture is Avery's portrait in his police
text: uniform. Robin points to it.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: And there's the pig who tagged him.
text: Jason looks up at Robin. Angry and confused.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Shame it went down that way. Didn't
dialog: anyone ever tell you about any of
dialog: this?
text: Jason shakes his head, "no." Looks back into the newspaper.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT’D)
dialog: That's just bullshit. Plain and
dialog: simple. Shouldn't be scared of the
dialog: truth. Gotta confront it, straight
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Will you tell me about him?
text: Robin thinks about it. Kills his beer.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Why not? Y'need another beer?
scene_heading: INT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION. LUKE'S OLD ROOM. AFTERNOON. 174
text: Robin, spins tales and opens the door to reveal the dusty old
dialog: room where Luke used to sleep.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Not much of a room. Then again, he
dialog: didn't need much. Didn't take up
dialog: much space. I appreciated that
dialog: about him. I truly did
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Was he good at anything?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: You're dad was good a LOT of
dialog: things. Riding a bike for one. It
text: was like it was attached to him.
text: appe € part of his body. An
dialog: age. Never saw anyone ride
dialog: = him. Unfuckingbelievable. And
dialog: ite knew his way around an engine.
dialog: Oh boy, did he...
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 90.
text: Jason is beaming with pride.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Do you still have his bike?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: No. In fact I don't. Police
dialog: probably cut it up, & used it for
dialog: scrap.
text: Jason goes back into the rabbit hole of his mind.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: He used to talk about you.
text: Jason is listening.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Quite a lot, actually. You changed
dialog: his life in many ways. Just a shame
dialog: he couldn't slow down enough to
dialog: fully appreciate it. But I know,
dialog: and this is a fact, that he loved
dialog: you. That he truly did. And I know
dialog: if he could see you now, he'd be
dialog: proud.
text: Jason is crying. Not slobbery sobbing cries. But the cries of
text: a kid who is feeling more than he's ever felt. He tries to
text: drown it out with a slug of beer. Robin stands in the
text: doorway, watching him.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION. LATE AFTERNOON. CONTINUOUS. 175
text: Robin closes up garage doors, locks up. He walks Jason to his
dialog: ike.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: I'm glad you came by. Don't let
dialog: those people keep you in the dark
dialog: anymore. Ya hear me?
text: Jason gets on his bike, pops a wheelie, rides away.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREETS - LATER 176
text: Jason rides reckless and drunk through the streets of
text: Schenectady, narrowly missing traffic.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENIENCE STORE - LATER 177
text: Jason walks down the brightly lit aisles Tooking at the array
text: of food options. The woman behind the counter glances up at
text: him as he shops. Jason turns his body slightly away from the
text: woman's gaze and loads a couple of candy bars in his pockets.
text: He stands up and looks at the woman behind the counter before
text: walking out.
dialog: *
dialog: ee
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 gl.
scene_heading: EXT. JASON'S HOUSE - LATER 178
text: Jason walks through the front door, still a bit tipsy. Romina
text: and Kofi are watching TV. Romina gets up to intercept Jason.
text: she SEES Jason close the door, somewhat drunkenly, behind
dialog: im.
text: Jason turns and looks at her, takes a big bite of his candy
text: bar, keeps his eyes on her, as he walks past her and up to
dialog: is room.
text: Romina doesn’t say anything. She can tell something in Jason
text: has changed. Silent moment of reckoning between them.
scene_heading: INT. JASON'S HOUSE VANESSA’S ROOM- CONTINUOUS 179
text: UPSTAIRS. Jason knocks on Vanessa’s door. He opens it. She’s
text: in there, with her headphones on, listening to music and
dialog: doing homework.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Qh my god Mom has been freaking
dialog: out.
text: Jason produces a ring pop from his pocket, tosses it to her.
speaker_heading: VANESSA (CONT'D)
dialog: A ring pop? What is going on with
dialog: you Jason?
speaker_heading: ; JASON
dialog: Eat it up. It was a steal.
text: He leaves, closes the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL. STAGE. LATER 180
text: Jason stands in a class. In front of them a kind of quirky,
text: earthy looking DANCE TEACHER in her mid 30's.
speaker_heading: DANCE TEACHER
dialog: So to swing dance you only really
dialog: need 3 things. 1 - a partner. 2 -
dialog: endurance cause it's really like a
dialog: sport in a way. And 3 a sense of
dialog: humor. OK? So let's get started. I
dialog: need one brave volunteer please.
text: A beat. No one volunteers. The teacher points to Jason.
speaker_heading: DANCE TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: How ‘bout you? What's you're name?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Jason.
text: Kids snicker.
dialog: es
dialog: +
speaker_heading: 181
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 92.
speaker_heading: DANCE TEACHER
dialog: K Jason. So come up here. Stand
text: facing me and... Hold my hands.
text: Jason does it, despite onlookers.
speaker_heading: DANCE TEACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is called open position. And
dialog: for now follow me Jason.
dialog: Eventually you" 11 be leading but
dialog: for now follow me. Basically you'll
dialog: be my WiTeor image.
text: Dance teacher starts to mover her feet and count. 1 and 2 and
text: 1 and 2 and. Jason does his best to follow. He's surprisingly
text: quick to pick it up. She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: DANCE TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Ope. We've got a natural here.
dialog: Let's try with music.
text: She presses play on a portable CD player. Music starts.
text: A.J. watches. Tries to make fun with others but it doesn't
text: affect Jason at all. Jason playfully tries to spin the
text: teacher. Gets tangled.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY. - LATER 181
text: Jason shuts his locker and makes his way down to the exit.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Yo!
text: A.J. catches up to Jason.
speaker_heading: A.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow dude. Didn't know you had it in
dialog: ya.
text: Jason is over A.J. at this point, and he doesn’t really want
dialog: to talk to him right now.
speaker_heading: A.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: That was cool though. She was hot.
dialog: I saw you check out her titties
dialog: though, that was hilarious.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (stops)
dialog: What do you want, man?
dialog: A.J.
dialog: OK. So. Dude, I’m sorry I was kinda
dialog: a dick to you yesterday and
dialog: everything. I was just kinda rip
dialog: shit with you about losing my $500
dialog: bucks, you know. But it’s cool. I’m
text: over it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: +
speaker_heading: EE
dialog: 182
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 93.
speaker_heading: A.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: And I hope you’re over it, as well.
dialog: So, what do you think? We cool?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah, whatever, man.
text: Jason walks off. A.J. gets up along side him.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Hey dude. Dude. I'm having a party
dialog: at my house tonight - my dad’s
dialog: house is seriously ridiculous.
dialog: Anyway. I was thinking you should
dialog: come over. I know you have the sick
dialog: connection and everything. And I
dialog: was thinking, if Yee brought the
dialog: skittles or something, I could just
dialog: forget about the money you lost me.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah? I thought we were cool, bro?
dialog: A.J.
dialog: We are, man. You know. We’re just
dialog: making it correct.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I got shit to do tonight, A.J.
text: Jason keeps going. He seems in a hurry.
speaker_heading: A.J. (CALLING OUT)
dialog: What do you have to do?
dialog: (to himself
dialog: Play scrabble with your family?
scene_heading: EXT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - LATER 182
text: Jason walks inside the FRONT OFFICE. No one is in there.
text: Jason waits for a couple beats and looks around. He ventures
text: into the garage. Dean looks out from under a car.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Is Robin around?
text: Dean yells loud for Robin. "KID'S BACK!"
text: Jason waits, hands in his pockets, tooking around the shop,
text: trying to get a feel for it. It feels good.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (0.S.)
dialog: What're you doing back here?
text: Jason turns, SEES: Robin, with cigarette, approach him. Not
text: so cordially this time.
dialog: +
speaker_heading: HH HHH HHH HHH OF
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: 183
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 94.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Sorry. Just coming to say "hi."
text: Robin ushers Jason out of the bay with a whistle and a snap
text: of his finger.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Come on. Let's get out. Can't have
dialog: you back here. Regulations.
text: They snake through the office and out into the front of the
text: shop. Robin keeps it moving the whole time.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT’D)
dialog: I can't have you just walking in on
dialog: me like that. It's not
dialog: professional. I have a lot of work
dialog: on my plate, and I am in no
dialog: position to fall behind. I wish I
dialog: could spend my days | reminiscing and
dialog: getting Pali nostalgic with you
dialog: about your dear old daddy. All
dialog: misty eyed and shit. But I just
dialog: can't. See you down the road,
dialog: though.
text: Robin has walked Jason to the edge of his property.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
text: Oops. Hang on a beat.
text: He turns and walks to where Jason has parked his bike. Grabs
text: it. Walks it back to Jason.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Can't leave without your wheels.
dialog: Gotta outrun the woodchucks.
text: He holds it up for Jason, ensuring he gets on. Jason does.
text: Robin pats his ass and sends him on his way. Jason feels
text: pretty dejected. He pedals away.
scene_heading: INT. CVS - LATER 183
text: Jason enters a pharmacy. Surveys nervously. He knows what he
text: wants and he scans the aisles until he finds the cough
text: medicine section. Scans the cough medicine until he finds
text: boxes of little red Coricidin pills. Looks nervously around -
text: puts a bunch of boxes in his sweatshirt. Now he's really
text: nervous but tries to play it cool. A CLERK stands in front of
text: the door as Jason walks towards it.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Take the shit outta your pockets.
text: Jason keeps going. The guy tries to stop him. Jason breaks
text: free and runs out the door. Outside Jason grabs his bike and
text: tries wildly to run with it as he's jumping on. The guy
text: chases after him. Jason peddles like mad. Barely gets away.
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 95.
scene_heading: EXT. AJ’S HOUSE/AVERY’S MANSION HOUSE - NIGHT 184
text: Sound of music, bass thumping. Jason rides his bike up to a
text: large, palatial, suburban McMansion. Cars are parked all
text: over. Music spills out of the windows. Kids are streaming in
text: and out of the front door. Jason, covered in sweat, goes in.
scene_heading: INT. AJ'S HOUSE/AVERY’S MANSION- CONTINUOUS 185
dialog: The MUSIC is so loud that you cannot have a conversation
text: without screaming in someone's ear (ala FIRE WALK WITH ME).
text: Jason makes it through the crush of dancing bodies, finds
text: A.J. in a crowd of kids. They shout to tal
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Oh shit! You made it!
text: They give hugs. Jason is all wet and sweaty.
speaker_heading: A.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn, bro. You stink!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What?!
text: A.J. leans in to shout in Jason's ear.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: You got the skittles?!
text: Jason produces the boxes of Coricidin from his hoodie
text: pockets. A.J. is beyond psyched. He grabs the boxes and
text: immediately shows off the score to friends around him.
text: A.J. starts handing out the skittles to party goers. An
text: adoring group forms quickly around him. Jason looks on
text: somewhat dejected. He approaches the group and waits his turn
dialog: to receive.
text: He holds out his hand. A.J. pops 6 little red pills in his
text: palm. Jason eats them like candy. Someone hands him a beer.
text: He takes a long slug.
scene_heading: INT. AJ'S HOUSE/AVERY’S MANSION- LATER 186
text: In time the party | starts to slow down. Lights blur. Music
text: seeps deep into his consciousness. He goes and sits down on a
text: couch. Watches ASHLEY, a girl with an endless mid-riff, dance
text: before him: so beautiful, so sensual. Jason falls into’ the
dialog: spell of everything.
text: The girl beckons him up off the couch. He gets up. She keeps |
text: dancing so good. He does his swing two step from earlier t
text: day. She giggles at him. He's cute to her. She moves closer.
text: The room is slowing down around him and her hips and pierced
text: navel swallow his focus.
speaker_heading: HH
dialog: > E
dialog: 187
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 96.
text: She pulls him towards her and their bodies grind together.
text: A.J. checks them out from across the crowded room. *
text: Jared approaches & starts grinding her from behind. Her *
text: movements have ghanged- She seems to be enjoying the crude
text: grindings of this other guy. Jason can't get her back. It
text: isgusts him. His moment is being torn from him. Jason lets
text: go and moves away. Leaving his girl in an animal embrace. *
text: Drugs really setting in now, Jason's unstable. He winds his
text: way through the party, losing his equilibrium. He finds a
text: staircase, sees a few people up the stairs. He moves towards
text: them in a moment of pure exploration.
scene_heading: INT. AJ'S HOUSE/AVERY’S MANSION- CONTINUOUS 187
text: THE HALLWAY UPSTAIRS is crowded with dark figures. Jason
text: can't make out anyone's face, as hard as he squints.
text: He looks down at the floor to try and center himself, but the
text: rug is vibrating. Jason steadies himself against the "wall.
text: The wall is covered with photos. Jason zeroes in on a photo
text: of A.J. when he was young sitting in Grandpa Al's lap. Jason
text: is sucked in, he moves to the next and the next; pictures of
text: a fractured and empty family.
text: Jason finds himself at the end of the hall looking at Avery's
dialog: rookie oR photo -_the same one paired with Luke from the
dialog: Oo
text: paper at in's. The drugs are doing their thing but the
text: power of the picture is undeniable. Ashley walks up behind. *
speaker_heading: ASHLEY *
dialog: Boo! *
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Is that A.J's dad?
text: Jason doesn't take his eye off the photo. *
speaker_heading: ASHLEY *
dialog: Duh... He's like the mayor or *
dialog: something.
dialog: She produces a pipe. *
speaker_heading: ASHLEY (CONT'D) *
dialog: Do you want to smoke this with me? *
text: Jason looks back at the picture of Avery on the wall. He’s *
text: trying to piece it together, but the pull of Ashley wins out. *
speaker_heading: JASON *
dialog: OK. *
text: She puts the BeEPS in his mouth, Brings pp a lighter, lights. *
text: He inhales. bbles. He holds in his hit *
speaker_heading: ASHLEY *
dialog: Your name is Jason, right? *
dialog: 188
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 97.
text: He nods. Lets out a cough.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi. I'm Ashley.
text: She lights up for herself. The world is getting more trippy.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: This house is pretty insane. Do you
dialog: live in an insane house?
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: (lets out a cough)
dialog: My house is normal.
text: Jason is getting more and more woozy. She leans in and gives
text: him a long, deep kiss.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You taste good.
text: He kisses her forehead and eyebrows and down to her waiting
text: lips. He doesn't ever want it to stop.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Not here. Not here.
text: She leads him down the hall to a bedroom. He can barely walk.
scene_heading: INT. AJ'S HOUSE/AVERY’S MANSION- LATER 188
text: Jason is asleep on the bed alone. He is under the covers and
text: completely naked. A.J. jostles him repeatedly.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Come on, dude. Wake up.
text: Jason struggles to come back to full consciousness.
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. Party's over. Get your
dialog: clothes on, dude.
text: Jason takes stock of where he is. The house is very quiet.
text: His clothes are scattered. He reaches for his pants. A.J.
text: WATCHES him get dressed. Jason turns for some privacy.
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: Good party Light?
text: A.J. sees Jason to the door. They shake hands.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah thanks man.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: Go take a shower dude.
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: 189
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 98.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: EXT. NISKAYUNA STREETS - LATER 189
text: Jason, unable to ride competently, walks his bike home.
text: Behind him, without him realizing it, a police cruiser slowly
text: catches up with him. Once it's nearby, its siren bleats and
text: lights flash. Jason barely notices. He slows to a stop, turns
text: to face the blinding searchlight. 2 COPS climb out.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Good_evening, Porn man. Why don't
dialog: you lay the bike down on the lawn
dialog: there.
text: Confused, Jason complies slowly. The cop moves in.
speaker_heading: COP (CONT'D)
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Jason Cankam.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Have you got any ID on you, Jason?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I don't have a driver's licence.
speaker_heading: COP ;
dialog: Where are you headed tonight?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Home.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Where's that?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: 1412 Balltown Road.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Where are you coming from?
text: Jason looks around, knows this is no good.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: A friend's house.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: What's the address of your friend?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Not sure. It's on, uh, Myron?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Have you been drinking this
dialog: evening? Have you been using any
dialog: illegal drugs?
speaker_heading: HHH HHH OF
dialog: *
dialog: +
dialog: +
speaker_heading: HK
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 99.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No. I had a beer.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: If I, search you, am I going to find
dialog: any illegal drugs?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Am I gonna find any weapons?
text: Jason shakes his head 'no', and intuitively puts his hands on
text: the back of his head before anyone asks him. The cops laugh
text: at how Jason jumps the gun.
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: (To his partner)
dialog: Now there's someone who's been
dialog: processed before.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Can I search you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Come on over here.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That's not mine.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Whose is it?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I have no idea.
text: The cops also discover a small-bladed knife.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: This also not yours?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Not mine.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Put your hands behind your back.
text: Jason feels trapped. He tries to run. And the cop takes him
text: to the ground, smashing his face into the dirt. Jason
text: continues to resist, and the cops twists his arms behind his
text: back to control him. Knee in the back, they cuff him, lift
text: him up, and put him in the back of a police cruiser.
speaker_heading: HH
dialog: +
dialog: %
dialog: >
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 100.
scene_heading: EXT. A.J.’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 190
text: The cruiser is parked in the drive-way of A.J.'s house. Jason
text: sits in the backseat, his face red and swollen from the
text: gtruggle with police. Light from the house shines on his
dialog: ace.
text: He watches A.J., up by his front door, talk to the 2 cops. He
text: can’t HEAR what he’s saying, but he SEES A.J. pointing at him
text: in the backseat. Jason is seething.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - LATER 191
text: Jason is booked, printed, photographed and put in a cell.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL - LATER 192
text: Jason tries to clear the lingering fogginess in his head.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Aw fuck. Aw goddammit! God damn it!
text: Jason is alone in the holding cell. It looks more like an
dialog: asylum than a jail.
scene_heading: INT. LAW OFFICE - LATER 193
text: Jason, Kofi and Romina sit at a conference table with CLAIRE
dialog: MULFORD, 40's, attorney.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: Among the many complications of
dialog: this case is Jason's prior
dialog: conviction.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: The lawyer at that time told us to
dialog: plead guilty.
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: I'm gonna tell you to do the same.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I didn't do it.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Shut up! No one wants to listen to
dialog: you right now. You need to shut up
dialog: and listen to the expert here!
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: This is not about right or wrong.
dialog: It's about what's best for you in
dialog: the long run. You plead innocent,
dialog: and take this tria I guarantee
dialog: you a conviction for a Class E
dialog: elony.
dialog: es
dialog: +
speaker_heading: He HHH
dialog: +
dialog: +
dialog: >
speaker_heading: HHH HH AK
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Can you tell us... how long...
speaker_heading: CLAIRE
dialog: At least a year in jail. Probably
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: KOFI
dialog: Jesus.
text: The family sits in silent contemplation.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON SUN.
text: Romina and Jason stand on the sidewalk in front of
text: house. Romina, still shaken up, stares at what has
text: her son. She reaches up to touch his bruised face.
text: doesn’t react.
speaker_heading: ROMINA
dialog: Does it hurt baby?
text: Jason doesn’t look at her.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s going to be okay Jason.
text: Still no reaction.
speaker_heading: ROMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why won’t you talk to me Jason?
text: Jason turns his head and looks at his mother.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You’re a liar.
dialog: 101.
dialog: 194
dialog: the court
dialog: become of
dialog: Jason
text: They stare at each other. Kofi pulls up his SUV. Jason gets
text: in the back seat, shuts his door. Looks at his mom standing,
text: frozen on the sidewalk.
scene_heading: INT. JASON’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jason watches a news clip on his computer.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (V.O. “di
dialog: -.. The senatorial candidate's son
dialog: reported the robbery, which
dialog: llegedly took place during an
text: unsupervised party. When asked
dialog: about whether or not the party
dialog: involved drinking or drugs, Cross
dialog: said he was unsure, but then went
dialog: on to take responsibility if that
dialog: were the case.
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: HH OF
dialog: +
dialog: *
dialog: ee ee eo
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 102.
speaker_heading: AVERY (ON T.V.)(0.S.)
dialog: Even if there were no drinking at
dialog: the party, the fact that it was
dialog: unsupervised is not acceptable. I
dialog: take responsibility for this. It
dialog: seems my son made a mistake. But
dialog: I'm his father. And I take
dialog: responsibility for what he does.
text: ON TV: File footage from the Luke Glanton incident.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: Cross's career has been defined by
text: dramatic events. As a young police
dialog: officer he was jaunched into the
dialog: spotlight when, acting on an
dialog: anonymous tip he shot> and killed a
dialog: wanted bank robber known as the
dialog: Motobandit.
text: Jason processes the information that is coming at him.
scene_heading: EXT. JASON’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 196
text: He pulls his bike, quietly out of the garage, rides away.
scene_heading: EXT. WEED SPOT. DEEP NIGHT. 197
text: Jason knocks on the door of a two-family house.
speaker_heading: VOICE BEHIND DOOR
dialog: What's the word?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It still peanut?
text: The door opens. BENNY, 22, stares at Jason, bruised and
text: soaking wet.
dialog: The fuck happened to you?
text: (he calls up behind him)
dialog: Yo, Sef, check this nigga out.
dialog: (back to Jason)
dialog: Son, you get hit by a bus?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I need a gun.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Maybe this isn't the time for that
dialog: killer. I don't need to ask you why
dialog: you need one but you sure this is a
dialog: good time?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I need some protection.
speaker_heading: HHH AHH HHH HHH HH
dialog: *
speaker_heading: HHH FH FH HH HH FH
dialog: +
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 103.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I see that. Ok my man. You know
dialog: ‘bout the neighborhood gun?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Neighborhood gun?
scene_heading: EXT. SCHENECTADY CEMETARY - JUST BEFORE DAWN. 198
text: Jason walks through the graves, comes to the edge of the
text: cemetery, where he finds 3 large dumpsters. He checks under
text: all three & finds an irregular lump under the last one. He
text: digs at the lump and unearths a metal case. Etched crudely
text: onto the front cover are the words 'Brandywine Ave Burner.
text: Jason opens the box, finds a pistol. He hefts the beat-up
text: pistol in his hand. On the bottom of the box is etched a
dialog: simple request: 'Reload when you done, son'
text: Jason flips out the cylinder. Someone has clearly not
text: followed the request; the gun is loaded with only 3 shells.
scene_heading: E/I ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - EARLY MORNING 199
text: Jason walks slowly up the driveway to Robin's service
text: station. His new clothes and messed up face give him the aura
text: of a completely different person. He walks into the front
text: office, looks around. It's empty.
text: Jason notices a long hallway leading to the back of the
text: station. Jason walks down it slowly, comes to a half open
dialog: loor.
text: Through the door, Jason sees Robin. Robin stares with deep
text: concentration at his computer. Jason stands and stares at him
text: until he suddenly looks up, startled by the sight of Jason...
text: He pushes himself back in a protective instinct.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: The hell you doing back here?
text: Robin's still trying to recover from the scare.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: What're you doing sneaking up like
dialog: that, boy?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I was wondering something.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Were you now? Well wonder your way
dialog: outside my fucking garage and maybe
dialog: I'll come out and entertain your
text: musings.
text: Jason looks around, decides not to move, breathes in courage.
dialog: +
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 104.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Do you know who called in the tip
dialog: on my dad?
speaker_heading: _. ROBIN
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: You insinuating something son?
text: Jason pulls out the revolver. He doesn't point it at Robin,
text: he just shows it to him.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT’D
dialog: Decided to grow a pair did ya? You
text: putting the old misty eyed kid away
dialog: and jumping into the man act?
text: Jason can't bring himself to point the gun at Robin. Robin
text: sniffs his weakness.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You think you're a fucking man?
dialog: Cause you look a lot like a fucking
dialog: kid to me Jason.
text: Jason raises the gun at Robin, without conviction, bottom lip
dialog: trembling.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: How come you're still alive?
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Oh, I get it now. This is where you
dialog: come to settle your old man's
dialog: score. Well, you got the wrong guy.
dialog: I stupidly tried to help that sorry
dialog: sonofabitch. If it weren't for me
dialog: he would've been living in the Y
dialog: and giving blow jobs at the bus
dialog: station for a living.
text: Robin laughs.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You need someone to blame for
dialog: making you a bastard, look no
dialog: further than your father.
text: Jason holds back the urge to cry. He can't stop himself and
text: his embarrassment is obvious.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Chip off the old block, aren't ya?!
text: Another gutless wonder. Only a
text: Glanton would pull a gun on an
dialog: unarmed fucking man who's minding
dialog: his own fucking business. Put that
dialog: away before you hurt yourself.
dialog: Chickenshit.
text: Jason lowers the gun. He wishes he never came in here. Robin
text: stands, approaches him.
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 105.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, Jason. Sometimes people
dialog: die for a reason. I'm looking at
dialog: you, Jason... And I'm realizing
dialog: I'm looking at that reason. Look at
dialog: yourself. You're the reason your
dialog: dad died. And I'm thinkin' - what a
dialog: Goddamn tragedy.
text: Jason is frozen.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT’D)
dialog: You want a little piece of advice?
dialog: Put that gun to good use. Stick the
dialog: barrel in your mouth, pull the
dialog: trigger.
text: Robin turns his back on Jason.
speaker_heading: ROBIN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Because listen - (FP you're too
dialog: pussy to do it... I can certainly
dialog: arrange a meeting between you and
dialog: your dad.
text: Jason scared now. He retreats, down the hall.
scene_heading: EXT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION - CONTINUOUS 200
text: Jason hobbles away as fast as his injured body will take him.
text: He looks back at Robin who watches through the front window.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHENECTADY HIGH SCHOOL - LATER 201
text: Jason hides outside the school, waiting. He sees his sister,
text: VANESSA, walk into school. Her face is innocent and beautiful
text: although she looks consumed with worry. Jason watches her.
scene_heading: INT. SCHENECTADY HS- BELL RINGS. SCHOOL IS OUT FOR THE DAY02
text: Kids file out of their classrooms. We find A.J. walking down
text: the hall with some friends. He places his books in his
text: locker. His friends ask him to go with them to hang.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: I can't. I got that thing with my
dialog: dad.
text: They are disappointed. He walks with a spring in his step.
scene_heading: EXT. NISKAYUNA STREETS - AFTERNOON 203
text: A.J. walks home through the sun dappled suburban streets.
dialog: +
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 106.
scene_heading: EXT. A.J.'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 204
text: A.J. walks the long driveway to his dad's house. Key turns in
text: the lock. He goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. AJ’S HOUSE- KITCHEN. 205
text: AJ Drinks juice out of the container.
scene_heading: INT. AJ’S HOUSE STAIRS/ UPSTAIRS ROOM- CONTINUOUS 206
text: Ag walks upstairs, goes to his closet, pulls out a suit and
dialog: ie.
scene_heading: INT. AJ’S HOUSE/AVERY’S SHOWER/BEDROOM- CONTINUOUS 207
text: AJ showers in his dad's shower. He turns off the water.
text: Pulls on his dress pants, dress shirt. He stands in front of
text: the mirror tying his tie. He catches something in the
text: reflection. TURNS QUICKLY!
text: Jason is standing there with the gun pointed at his face.
text: A.J. screams, scared shitless.
text: Jason, pale, out of a nightmare, closes the door with the
text: heel of his shoe.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Get on the floor. On your face.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: What're you doing? Jason!
speaker_heading: JASON
text: On the floor.
text: A.J. takes a little step towards the door.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: GET ON YOUR FUCKING FACE!
text: A.J. startled, breaks into sobs. He lies down on the floor.
text: Pleading for his life. He is sobbing, "Don't! Don't!"
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: You want someone to rob you? Bitch.
dialog: That what you want, bitch?
text: A.J. can't stop crying.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: I'm so sorry Jason. Please. Please!
text: Jason walks slowly over to the drawer and grabs the hand
text: cuffs he saw earlier. He comes back to A.J. Mounts him.
dialog: +
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 107.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Put your hands behind your back.
text: A.J. continues to cry as he complies. Jason puts the cuffs on
text: him. A.J.'s moans are getting to Jason. He presses the gun to
text: the back of his head.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop it.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: (more frantic
dialog: I don't want to die! Please!
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Stop it! Just fucking stop it!
text: A.J. is in hysterics. Jason swings the gan sideways and fires
text: a shot into the floor beside A.J.'s hea It tears through
text: the hardwood floor, kicking up a cloud of sawdust and smoke.
text: The muzzle flash burns A.J.'s face and deafens him. He goes
text: silent his ears ring with deafness.
scene_heading: 208 EXT./INT AVERY'S HOUSE, DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS 208
text: Avery is in his car, slowly driving up the driveway. The
text: garage door is automatically moving up.
text: Avery, on the phone, steps out of his car, stares up at his
text: house — he thought he just heard a gunshot. He forgets to
text: close the car door behind him.
speaker_heading: AVERY (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Gotta call you back.
text: He pockets the phone, deep concern in his eyes. He runs under
text: the garage door and opens the door to his house.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: A.J.!
scene_heading: 209 INT. A.J.'S PARENT'S ROOM. 209
text: Jason hears Avery calling for A.J. downstairs.
dialog: A.J.
dialog: a (screams )
dialog: Dad!
text: Jason hits A.J. in the head with the butt of his gun and he
dialog: stops screaming
scene_heading: 210 INT. AVERY'S HOUSE, STAIRS- CONTINUOUS 210
text: He cautiously moves up his stairs, the old police training
text: coming back to him. Only now, he's unarmed.
dialog: 211
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 108.
text: He SEES - The door to his bedroom OPEN - Jason comes out -
text: He's holding a pistol.
text: Both stop. Jason levels the gun at Avery. The two stare at
dialog: one another
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Are you alone?
text: Avery says nothing, confused, shocked.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you alone!?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You're gonna drive me away from
dialog: here. Now.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Turn around. Down the stairs. Now.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: What's happened?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: t you don't start walking, I'll
dialog: jus shoot you in your face.
scene_heading: INT. AVERY'S CAR - LATER 211
text: Jason is crouched down in front of the passenger seat with
text: the pistol pointed up at Avery.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Go to route 7.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: How did you get in without setting
dialog: off the alarm?
text: Jason does not respond.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: Did someone let you in?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Your son let me in.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Is my son okay?
text: Jason doesn't answer. Avery is immediately concerned.
dialog: 212
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 109.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: If you don't tell me if my son is
dialog: okay I'll pull over right now. I
dialog: don"t care.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: He's fine.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Your son is fine.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I don't believe you. I heard a
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You should be more worried about
dialog: yourself.
scene_heading: EXT. PINE BARRENS - EVENING 212
text: Avery's car is parked away from the side of the road. Jason
text: pushes Avery deep into the woods. Avery limps.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: You'll be in jail for the rest of
dialog: your life if you do this. You
dialog: understand that?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What do you think I'm going to do?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Tell me about my son. If he's hurt
dialog: let_me please call an ambulance.
dialog: I'll give you the phone. You can
dialog: call it. That way you don't have to
dialog: worry about me tricking you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Gimmie your phone.
text: Avery gladly complies. Jason wings the device against the
text: nearest pine tree. It shatters into a hundred pieces.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Oh Jesus.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Take off your jacket.
text: Avery hesitates.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Take off your fucking jacket!
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 110.
text: Avery complies. Hands his jacket to Jason. Jason digs into
text: the pockets, grabs Avery's keys and his wallet. Pockets them.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep going.
text: Avery turns, continues to limp into the woods, his hands up.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I know who you are, but you don't
dialog: know who I am, do you?
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I_don't_know... I'm sorry. Just
dialog: please let me know if my son is
dialog: okay. Is A.J. okay?
text: Jason hits Avery in the head with the pistol. He topples
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Shut up! I told you! I told you!
dialog: He's fine! Don't you fucking
dialog: listen? He's fine!
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Oh, my son! My son!
text: Avery wails. Jason tries to get a hold of himself and the
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Shut up! Stop crying!
text: Jason puts the muzzle of the pistol against Avery's head.
dialog: You’re not crying for him. You’re
dialog: crying for yourself.
text: Avery stops wailing for moment. He stares at Jason, and with
text: a flush of realization, it all come clear to him.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: I know who you are. I'm sorry. I'm
dialog: so sorry! You shoulda just killed
dialog: me, not my son.
text: Jason points the pistol at him.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT’D
dialog: I deserve it. I should die. But not
dialog: my son. Not my poor son.
text: Avery wails. Jason aims at Avery, prepares for the rapport of
text: his pistol.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: You shoulda killed me.
text: Jason lowers the pistol to his side. He can't do it. He's not
dialog: a killer.
dialog: ee
dialog: *
dialog: +
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 111.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: My boy. My poor boy. I'm so sorry.
text: Jason backs away from Avery. Soon, Avery's wails get more and
text: more faint.
speaker_heading: AVERY (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, my boy. My boy.
scene_heading: EXT PINES- EDGE OF THE PINES 213
text: Jason can still barely hear the sound of Avery wailing. He
text: rifles the money from Avery's wallet. Tosses the wallet.
text: Counts as he walks. Something catches his eye. He stops.
text: Notices the faded picture of his family. *
scene_heading: EXT. PINE BARRENS - CONTINUOUS 214
text: Avery's wails become slow and more quiet until they transform
text: into a somber moan. Finally, he goes silent. His ashen face
text: expresses grief and bewilderment. He stands and finds himself
text: in the woods. He is alone.
scene_heading: INT. AVERY'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 215
text: Jason drives for a long time, further and further away from
dialog: Schenectady.
scene_heading: EXT. TURNPIKE - CONTINUOUS 216
text: Avery starts the long walk back to Schenectady. Over this
dialog: lonely image, we HEAR...
text: APPLAUSE come up.
speaker_heading: AVERY (V.O.)
dialog: Thank you... thank you...
scene_heading: EXT./INT. AVERY'S HOUSE - LATER 217 *
text: Avery's house is oH wale with police cars, blocked off with *
text: crime scene tape. He walks toward his home like a ghost. The *
dialog: cops let him through, give him wide birth. *
scene_heading: APPLAUSE AND CHEERING. *
speaker_heading: AVERY (V.O.) *
dialog: Thanks so much. *
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 112.
scene_heading: INT. AVERY'S HOUSE- CONTINOUS 218
text: Avery heads up stairs. People talk to him, but he can't hear
text: it. He heads into his bedroom.
scene_heading: MORE APPLAUSE.
text: Sitting on the edge of the bed, wrapped in a blanket and
text: absentmindedly holding a bottled water is a dazed and
text: exhausted A.J. His head is bandaged, but he is alive.
speaker_heading: AVERY (V.O.)
dialog: Thank you all so very much.
text: Avery is stunned. He thought his son was dead, It all feels
text: like’ a dream. He runs over to A.J., Gathers his son in his
text: arms. Both of them cry.
text: THE APPLAUSE SWELLS.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BALLROOM - EVENING 219
text: Avery stands at a podium. His name in red, white, and blue
text: behind him. The crowd is cheering, endlessly.
speaker_heading: AVERY
dialog: Please. Thank you.
text: The crowd won’t settle down enough to let Avery speak.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you.
text: The crowd goes crazy.
speaker_heading: AVERY (CONT'D)
dialog: I cannot tell you how truly humbled
dialog: and honored I am to stand here
dialog: today as a Senator of the great
dialog: state of NY.
text: Applause. Applause. Applause.
scene_heading: EXT. ROMINA'S HOUSE. DRIVEWAY. EVENING. 220
text: Romina's car is stopped in the driveway, door open, engine
text: running. We can HEAR the news report seeping out of her car
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: AVERY (ON RADIO)
dialog: Freedom... Is never more than one
dialog: generation away from extinction. We
dialog: idn’t pass it on to our children
text: in the bloodstream.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: OE
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: 223
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 113.
speaker_heading: AVERY (ON RADIO) (CONT'D)
dialog: It must be fought for, protected,
dialog: and handed on for them_to do the
dialog: same, or one day we will spend our
dialog: sunset years telling our children
dialog: and our children’s children what it
dialog: was once like in the United States
dialog: where men were free.
text: Romina opens the mailbox. Sorts through letters. Finds one
text: with no return address. She opens it.
text: INSIDE, she finds the old, faded picture. She sees herself in
text: a happier time. Surrounded by love.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY 221
text: Jason walks down a long, straight road surrounded by flat
text: farm land in all directions. It's winter, and his coat is
text: inadequate for the season. Behind him in the distance stand
text: the Rocky Mountains. He turns left and heads down a long
text: driveway which leads to a farm house.
scene_heading: EXT. SECLUDED HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 222
text: Jason rings the doorbell. An OLD MAN opens the door, waits.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hi... We emailed? I told you I'd be
dialog: coming today?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Oh, right, of course. Wow, you're
dialog: early.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: There's only one bus out this way a
dialog: day.
scene_heading: INT. SECLUDED HOUSE - LATER 223
text: Jason sits at the breakfast table, clutching a coffee cup for
text: warmth, with the old man and his WIFE.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You're not from around here, huh?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I'm as observant as the next guy.
dialog: You just passing through?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (shrugs
dialog: Headed out west I suppose.
speaker_heading: HH HHH
scene_heading: PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 114.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
text: A fine destiny for a young man.
speaker_heading: JASON
text: It's warm there. Sunny.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: That's what_I've been lead to
dialog: believe. Well, you ready? It's down
dialog: at the barn. We'll go take a look,
dialog: okay?
scene_heading: 224 EXT. GARAGE - LATER 224
text: Jason and the old man stand over a dirt-bike which is much
dialog: like Luke's old Fair special.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Runs great. Gotta a lot of miles on
dialog: it, but I kept the maintenance up.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Can I take it for a test drive?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Okay. Go on ahead and take ‘er down
text: the driveway.
text: Jason hands the old man a stack of bills.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Here. You can hold onto this. For
text: like collateral.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: That's okay.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No, really. It's a little more than
dialog: what you were asking.
text: Jason holds out the money until the old man accepts it. He
text: then straddles the bike. He starts it up with confidence.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You ever ridden one of these
dialog: before?
text: Jason can barely hear the old man over the engine. He does a
text: tight donut and guns the engine as he takes it down the
text: driveway. He turns left at the road and rides with the
text: Rockies at his back.
dialog: 
