dialog: 
scene_heading: THE BROTHERS BLOOM
dialog: Written by
dialog: Rian Johnson
scene_heading: 1 EXT. DIRT ROAD - SUNRISE 1
text: Dawn with her rose-red fingers rises over a dusty country
text: road. A car chugs over the horizon.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: As far as con man stories go,
dialog: I think I've heard them all.
dialog: Of grifters, ropers, faro fixers,
text: tales drawn long and tall.
dialog: But if one bears a bookmark in
text: the confidence man's tome,
dialog: twould be that of Penelope,
dialog: and of the brothers Bloom.
scene_heading: 2 EXT. COUNTRY HOUSE - MORNING 2
text: The car deposits two shabby boys (10 &amp; 13) in front of a
dialog: country house.
text: Both in black. Each with a suitcase.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: At ten and thirteen Bloom and
dialog: Stephen (the younger and the old)
scene_heading: 3 INT. KITCHEN (FLASHBACK) 3
text: The two brothers and an oafish FOSTER FATHER sit eating
dialog: breakfast.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: had been through several foster
dialog: families.
text: The FOSTER FATHER slaps Bloom upside the head. Stephen
text: LAUNCHES across the table, tackling the dad and beating the
dialog: crap out of him.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
text: Thirty eight, all told.
scene_heading: 4 INT. CHILD WELFARE OFFICE - DAY 4
scene_heading: CLOSE ON - A CHILD WELFARE FILE COVER
text: "Bloom" stamped on it. It opens, and dozens of reports flip
text: by. Under the "REASON FOR RETURN OF MINORS" field we catch
scene_heading: different entries: "BEHAVIOR INAPPROPRIATE", "UNMANAGEABLE",
text: "MOLESTED CAT", "SOLD OUR FURNITURE", "CAUSED FLOODING".
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: 4 CONTINUED: 4
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Mischief moved them on in life, and
dialog: moving kept them close.
scene_heading: 5 EXT. COUNTRY HOUSE PORCH 5
text: The brothers on the porch, suitcases in hand.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: For Bloom had Stephen, Stephen
dialog: Bloom, and both had more than most.
text: The front door opens, and a pair of FOSTER PARENTS eye the
text: brothers suspiciously.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. SMALL TOWN SQUARE - LATER THAT DAY 6
text: A wide dusty Main Street, which the two brothers survey.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Another home, another main street.
dialog: Stephen looked around,
dialog: then summed the burgh up thusly:
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Bloom, we've hit a one hat town.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: One theater. One car wash. One
dialog: cafe. One park. One cat. Which,
text: through some mishap, had one leg.
text: The cat sits on a roller skate, rowing itself down the street
text: with its one leg.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Sweet Jesus. Look at that.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. SCHOOL - DAY 7
text: A group of children flee the school joyfully.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: One school, which meant one tight-
text: knit group of local well-off kids.
dialog: 3
dialog: 
scene_heading: 8 EXT. CANDY SHOP 8
text: The children run out of the candy store, all slurping Rocket
dialog: Pops.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Their pocket-change bought rocket
dialog: pops,
scene_heading: 9 INT. CANDY SHOP 9
text: The brothers at the counter. Bloom watches the children go,
text: while Stephen counts out pennies.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The brothers,
text: Stephen slaps the change down angrily and points with a
dialog: scowl.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Pixie Stix.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. PARK 10
text: The children play, resplendent with their Rocket Pops.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: They were the `they'. All well
dialog: loved, rooted, happy as you please.
text: Bloom and Stephen sit off to the side of the park, none too
text: happy nursing their Pixie Stix.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: Always there. In every town.
text: Stephen glares, flicks the Stix away like a cigarette.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: The playground bourgeoisies.
text: He storms off. Bloom lingers, staring silently at the
dialog: children.
dialog: 4
dialog: 
scene_heading: 11 EXT. FOREST 11
text: The brothers amble down a wooded path. Bloom stops, staring
text: into the trees.
text: Through the dense thicket of foliage... the children playing.
text: And one gleaming eye framed perfectly through a small open
text: patch in the leaves.
text: Bloom pushes the leaves aside. A girl. Golden curls.
text: Summer dress. Standing in the distance on a wide lawn.
text: Bloom gazes. Stephen places his hand on Bloom's back.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. PARK - CONTINUOUS 12
text: Bloom stumbles from the trees (very much as if he's been
text: shoved) and regains his footing and freezes, not shielded at
text: all now from the playing kids and the girl.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Could he simply
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (O.S.)
dialog: Talk to her!
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Just drop his fears and go? Leave
text: his brother in the woods, and join
dialog: the children?
text: The girl makes eye contact, twisting a daisy chain between
text: her tiny fingers. Bloom's adam apple convulses.
text: He turns tail and runs back into the woods.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: No.
scene_heading: 13 INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT 13
text: Brothers in bed. Bloom gazes window-ward. Stephen gazes Bloom-
text: wise, shuffling a pack of cards.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: What's doing?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: What?
dialog: 5
dialog: 
scene_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You shuffle when you're thinking
dialog: something through. So whatcha
dialog: thinking?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Not a thing.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: This wasn't really true.
dialog: Cause in the root of Stephen's
text: psyche, something now began.
text: A seed of grand epiphany. A hook.
dialog: A tale.
scene_heading: 14 EXT. WOODS - DAY 14
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: A plan.
text: Stephen spreads out a hand-drawn flowchart on a stump, and
text: talks Bloom through it.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: A fiction made for profit, in which
dialog: both boys played a part.
text: A simple con in fifteen steps.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: And this is where we start.
text: Stephen runs his finger backwards down the connected boxes,
text: each neatly numbered, stopping at #1.... "Bloom Talks To
dialog: Girl"
scene_heading: 15 EXT. PARK - DAY 15
text: Children and the gold haired Girl playing. The wall of
text: foliage where the forest begins shimmers.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: And then, as if a curtain had been
text: pulled back from the sky...
dialog: Some barrier within the younger
dialog: Bloom was broken.
text: Bloom bursts through the trees and strides across the wide
text: lawn, confident, glowing, stopping face to golden face with
dialog: the girl.
dialog: 
dialog: 6
dialog: 
scene_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Hi.
text: They talk. They run. They laugh. They play.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: So Bloom performed his role in
dialog: Stephen's story to a T.
text: BOX #2 on the flowchart - "Bloom wins the kids' trust"
scene_heading: 16 EXT. TOWN SQUARE 16
text: Bloom does indeed, sitting and laughing with a circle of
text: kids, suddenly a natural born charmer.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: And being who he wasn't, could be
dialog: as he wished to be.
text: The Golden Girl smiles at him.
text: From the shadows of an adjacent alley, Stephen watches,
text: pleased. He slinks away.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS-
scene_heading: 17 EXT. CAVE - DAY 17
text: BOX #3 - "Stephen finds a cave" dissolves to Stephen scouting
text: out a cave deep in the woods.
scene_heading: 18 EXT. PARK - DAY 18
text: In the park, Bloom runs with the kids, laughing.
scene_heading: 19 INT. HARDWARE STORE - DAY 19
text: BOX #5 - "Stephen buys supplies" dissolves to: Stephen in a
text: hardware store, pointing. A flashlight, snow boots and
text: several large coolers are purchased.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. PARK - DAY 20
text: Back in the park, Bloom says goodnight to the kids and walks
text: homeward in the warm twilight.
dialog: 7
scene_heading: 21 INT. CHURCH - DAY 21
text: BOX #8 - "Stephen scouts church" dissolves to: Stephen's
text: eyes poke up from behind a pew in a church. He manages to
text: look devious as he snags a SUNDAY SCHOOL SCHEDULE.
scene_heading: 22 INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT 22
text: Bloom enters, hears running water from the bathroom. He
text: glimpses down at the flowchart on the bed, scanning down to:
text: Box #10 - "Bloom comes home to find Stephen filling the
dialog: coolers"
text: Stephen backs out of the bathroom trolling a heavy cooler.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Oh - kay. How's it going on the
dialog: playground front?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: It's great.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: So, on to step eleven, then. The
dialog: Tale. You tell them -
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Wait...
text: Bloom's lip quivers, obviously conflicted.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Must the numbers rattle on? Must
dialog: the fiction end?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I think I need more time to win
dialog: their-
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Bloom. They're not your friends.
dialog: They're part of this, and this aint
dialog: real. Remember, it's a con.
dialog: And when it's done, we've just got
dialog: us. And we'll be moving on.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, the tale. You tell them
dialog: there's a
dialog: 8
scene_heading: 23 EXT. PARK - DAY 23
text: Bloom holds court with the kids.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: hermit in the woods. A one eyed,
dialog: steel toothed vagabond...
scene_heading: 24 INT. ATTIC 24
text: Back to Bloom and Stephen in the attic
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: ...with blood red eyes?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: That's good. He stopped you coming
dialog: home from school...
scene_heading: 25 EXT. PARK - DAY 25
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: ...and told me of a cave.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What kind of cave?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: A cave of wonders.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Pffft ha.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Shut up, Dave.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: At noon on every Sunday, there
text: appears a ball of light, which
text: flutters like a butterfly...
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: A will-o-whisp?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: That's right. It guides you
dialog: 9
scene_heading: 26 INT. ATTIC 26
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: ...if you can keep up...
scene_heading: 27 EXT. PARK 27
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: ...to where the treasures lay.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: So where's this cave?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Yeah, where?
scene_heading: 28 INT. ATTIC 28
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Ah-hah. The hermit didn't say.
text: He got this greedy glinting look,
dialog: the filthy red-eyed leech... and
dialog: said he'd tell for thirty bucks.
text: Something in Bloom's face falls.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. PARK 29
text: The girl's bright, trusting face looking at him. A moment of
text: silence. Then, triumphant, an excited boy leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: EXCITED BOY
dialog: Well that's just two bucks each!
text: The kids all rejoice, and fist-fulls of dollars are thrust at
text: Bloom. He looks almost crestfallen as his eye catches the
text: girl's joyful gaze.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: So Sunday came...
scene_heading: 30 EXT. WOODS 30
text: Children in their bright Sunday clothes run through the dark
text: woods, led by Bloom.
dialog: 10
dialog: 
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ...and straight from church, into
dialog: the woods Bloom led.
scene_heading: 31 INT. CAVE 31
text: In the dim light of a cave, Stephen overturns the coolers of
text: water and retreats into shadow. A flood soaks into the dirt
text: floor, as outside the mouth of the cave the group of panting
text: children come into sight.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: They stopped. Their hearts leapt.
dialog: There it was.
scene_heading: 32 EXT. CAVE 32
text: The children look at the craggy mouth of a forboding cave.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Just like the hermit said!
text: Deep in the cave's dark maw, a spark of light.
text: The children gasp collectively. The Girl grabs Bloom's arm.
text: Bloom stares, transfixed as any of them.
text: The spark becomes a glowing, fluttering point of light, which
text: hangs in the mouth of the cave for a tantalizing moment, then
text: recedes deeper into the gloom.
text: With a cry the children, Bloom included, dash into the cave.
scene_heading: 33 INT. CAVE 33
text: The light glows just around the next corner... the children
text: run after it, slipping in the mud, laughing, turning the
dialog: corner...
text: And the light glows just around the next corner. They
text: scramble, they slip and slide, they can't catch the light,
dialog: but they're all having the time of their lives.
text: Bloom included. Holding the girl's hand, laughing, eyes full
dialog: of wonder.
dialog: 11
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: For just one moment, Bloom forgot
dialog: himself and ran too fast.
text: He puts on a burst of speed, gets ahead of the crowd.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: He'd catch the light and find the
dialog: treasure...
text: Turning a corner, he (alone) sees the rather tawdry image of
text: Stephen, flashlight in hand, shooing him back as he turns the
text: next corner.
text: Bloom stops running.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: But the moment passed.
text: The other kids and the girl pass him, but Bloom stands dead
text: still, a strange expression on his face.
text: The girl turns back towards him, still running, and holds out
text: her hand for him to follow.
text: But he doesn't. He stays behind, and is soon left alone.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. PLAYGROUND 34
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: They didn't catch the will-o-wisp,
dialog: but didn't really care.
text: The muddied children walk home, laughing, while Bloom leans
text: against a lamppost. Stephen appears behind him, counting
dialog: their money.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: It seems to me that in the end, the
dialog: perfect con is where
dialog: each one involved gets just the
dialog: thing they wanted.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah I guess so.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Our fledgling thieves were
dialog: satisfied.
dialog: 12
dialog: 
scene_heading: 35 EXT. FOSTER HOUSE - DAY 35
text: A front door opens, revealing a porch-full of 30 angry
text: parents holding 15 muddied kids by their ears.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: The children's parents, less so.
text: The Foster Parents exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: QUICK SHOTS -
text: Stephen is smacked.
text: The wad of money is snatched from a grubby small hand by an
dialog: angry big one.
text: A telephone slams down.
text: On a form, the field "Reason for return:" is filled with
dialog: "Larceny."
scene_heading: 36 INT. BEDROOM - DAY 36
text: Two suitcases on a bed are snapped closed and pulled away.
text: The bed sits solid and vacant in the dusty afternoon
dialog: sunlight.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: A bitter ending? Maybe. But
dialog: there's sweetness in the mix.
text: Beneath the bed, forgotten, a piece of paper. On it, the con
dialog: flow-chart. Numbered boxes.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: The brothers Bloom had found their
dialog: calling.
dialog: One of the boxes... number six...
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
text: As shown in number six.
dialog: BOX #6: "Cut % O'Henry's"
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: `Cut' meant to negotiate, `percent'
dialog: percentage deal.
dialog: 13
scene_heading: 37 EXT. SMALL TOWN SQUARE - DAY 37
text: Through a storefront window - rows of the children's muddy
text: Sunday clothes hang, each tagged.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: `O'Henry's' was the town's one dry
dialog: clean shop.
text: And striding out of the store beneath the `O'Henry's
text: Cleaners' sign is Stephen, fifty dollars in hand, sucking a
text: Rocket Pop. The OWNER leans out of the door, looking a
text: little nervous. Stephen throws him back a salute.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. BACK ALLEY - DAY 38
text: Bloom sits against a wall, suitcases beside him. Boxes of
text: Rocket Pops, and one in each fist. Stephen plops down beside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: So how's it feel?
text: Bloom's eye catches the children, and the girl, playing in
dialog: the distance.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In truth, young Bloom won't know
dialog: for twenty years just how he felt.
text: HONK! A `Child Welfare' car waiting out on the street. The
text: brothers pick themselves up.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: And so, we'll skip ahead now in our
dialog: story.
text: Stephen tosses his Rocket Pop.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Let `em melt.
text: The con man team of the brothers Bloom, suitcases in hand,
text: strides down the alleyway.
text: Stephen in front.
dialog: 14
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
text: Bloom a few steps behind, stealing one last glance back at
text: the children playing in the sun.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 39 OPENING CREDITS 39
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40 INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT 40
text: Flames spread over a wall of bookshelves.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: BERLIN, 25 YEARS LATER
text: A YOUNG MAN in a nice suit and bowler hat steps in front of
text: the flaming books.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: He gets the scarab, you get the
dialog: money, I get the girl... so in the
dialog: end, everyone gets everything he
dialog: wants.
text: Three gunshots, two bloody holes in the nice suit and the
text: young man folds to the ground.
text: A sweaty man named CHARLESTON (40s) lowers his gun, while
text: behind him the rest of the library roars in flames.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Wha - Charleston, what - oh my god
dialog: are you... oh god he's dead,
dialog: Victor's dead... you've killed us!
dialog: We had it he was right it was all
dialog: in the bag and now we're dead, why?
dialog: Why, you stupid son of a bitch?
text: The owner of the voice, a MAN a bit younger than Charleston
text: in a derby cap, snatches the gun away and slaps Charleston
dialog: hard.
dialog: 15
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: CHARLESTON
dialog: Cause the Turk was right. After
dialog: seeing her, after that night on the
dialog: airstrip, after Cairo everything
text: changed, and he couldn't see the
dialog: play through that one milky eye,
dialog: but the Turk was right about one
dialog: thing, that there's nothing
dialog: beautiful about money. She's
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: MCGUIRE
dialog: This isn't happening...
speaker_heading: CHARLESTON
dialog: He'll never have her now. She's
dialog: free. And I'll never see her in
text: scarlet again, her chestnut hair,
dialog: but it's worth the money and my job
dialog: and his life and the rest of my
dialog: life that she's free.
speaker_heading: MCGUIRE
dialog: Charleston. I can't be here...
speaker_heading: CHARLESTON
dialog: You're not here. Neither of us
text: are. It's Mowcher's gun.
speaker_heading: MCGUIRE
text: Mowcher is at the bottom of the
text: Spree with a cowl in his neck!
text: Charleston gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: CHARLESTON
dialog: They won't find him for a week, and
dialog: the Albino will chalk it up to
dialog: Davey, he won't talk. We're clean.
speaker_heading: MCGUIRE
dialog: Listen to you - four months ago you
dialog: were an investment banker! Now
dialog: you're nothing. The Scarab's lost.
dialog: The money's gone. It'll rot in the
text: Peruvian earth. It's gone.
text: Charleston limps to the flaming doorway.
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: (2) 40
speaker_heading: CHARLESTON
dialog: The man named Charleston you met
dialog: nine months and a thousand years
text: ago at the hotel bar in Jodhpur is
dialog: dead. If we see each other again
dialog: it'll be as strangers. As for the
dialog: money... let it rot.
text: He exits, leaving McGuire stooped beside the crumpled form of
text: Victor. A long beat. The distant roar of an engine, tires
text: squealing.
text: Then through the smoky doorway steps a beautiful ASIAN WOMAN,
text: early 20s. She gives a nearly imperceptible nod.
speaker_heading: MCGUIRE
dialog: Wow.
text: He pats Victor, who sits up, spitting blood. McGuire looks
text: to Victor and the woman for a reaction. Gets none.
speaker_heading: MCGUIRE (cont'd)
dialog: Wow is the word you're both looking
dialog: for. Wow.
text: The Asian woman nods slightly.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (un-wowishly)
dialog: You're a genius, Stephen.
dialog: For McGuire is, of course, Stephen.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We're a genius, Bloom.
text: Just as Victor is, indeed, Bloom. He spits.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: Tastes like tin foil.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: So does real blood. Buy you a
dialog: drink.
text: Stephen escorts the Asian woman out, while Bloom wipes his
dialog: lip.
dialog: 17
scene_heading: 41 EXT. HOUSE - PRE-DAWN 41
text: A stately house in the middle of nowhere, on fire. Stephen
text: holds the door of a car open, while Bloom steps from the
text: flaming house.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: "Four months and a thousand years
dialog: ago." That's Kipling, isn't it?
dialog: He stole that from Kipling.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: No.
scene_heading: 42 EXT. BERLIN - PRE-DAWN 42
text: Hazy light over the sprawling city.
scene_heading: 43 INT. DEUTCH MARK 43
text: A low, cozy basement level bar. A dozen people crowd it, all
text: expectant in a surprise-party type way.
text: A TURKISH GENTLEMAN in a white linen suit and eye patch
text: raises his drink when Bloom, Stephen and the woman enter.
speaker_heading: THE TURK
dialog: Make way, make room for the
dialog: brothers Bloom!
text: The bar bursts into cheers.
scene_heading: 44 INT. DEUTCH MARK - LATER 44
text: A DWARF dances on the bar. Stephen plays cards with the
text: Turk, an ALBINO and a small crowd of character types.
speaker_heading: THE TURK
dialog: Nine months, six countries, three
dialog: faked deaths, for one mark. You're
dialog: a beautiful antique, my friend.
text: They clink glasses.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Proust.
dialog: 18
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
speaker_heading: THE TURK
dialog: One thing baffles me. The entire
dialog: con would have fallen apart if
dialog: Charleston had walked away. How did
dialog: you know he'd pull the trigger?
text: Stephen riffle shuffles a pack of cards.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Just think of any card. Got one?
text: Stephen cuts the deck randomly - 2 of spades.
speaker_heading: THE TURK
dialog: No.
text: Stephen shrugs.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: But if I do it enough, eventually
dialog: it'll work on someone. And then
dialog: it'll be the best card trick in the
dialog: world.
text: Wink. The dwarf slips, plummets from the bar. Stephen kicks
text: a chair across the room, into which he lands with a crunch.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: Ante up.
speaker_heading: THE TURK
dialog: It's true you never work with the
dialog: same crew twice?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: That's true.
speaker_heading: THE TURK
dialog: Well shit. Except for the uh, for
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: La Chinoise?
speaker_heading: THE TURK
dialog: Yeah.
text: Back at the bar - the Asian woman. The CHINK. Being hit on
text: by a weasly ROMANIAN.
speaker_heading: ROMANIAN
dialog: Yeah, I'm pretty big into anime.
dialog: 
dialog: 19
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: (2) 44
text: She almost imperceptibly rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Our fifth Beatle. She knows the
dialog: ins and the outs, and so far as I
dialog: can tell, speaks three words of
dialog: English.
text: She taps on the bar.
speaker_heading: THE CHINK
dialog: Jameson.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Ice?
dialog: She says `no' with a look.
speaker_heading: THE ALBINO
dialog: So she's with you and Bloom till
dialog: the end.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Just till the wind changes.
text: Stephen makes a gun with his finger and shoots at the Chink.
text: She flicks a champaign flute to make a `DING!' and mimes the
text: bullet bouncing off her.
speaker_heading: THE TURK
dialog: Where is Bloom?
text: In the corner of the bar, in a private booth with drawn
text: velvet curtains, Bloom sits alone playing solitaire. Stuck
dialog: with a queen of hearts he can't play.
text: A beautiful woman in scarlet with auburn hair pokes her face
text: through the curtains.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: There you are. Hiding?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I've been learning. Stephen likes
dialog: to talk about you.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Did he tell you the cave story?
dialog: 20
scene_heading: 44 CONTINUED: (3) 44
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Is it true?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: What else did he tell you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm not going to tell it as good as
dialog: Stephen. You two kicked around
dialog: till your early teens, then stowed
text: away on a merchant marine freighter
dialog: and ended up in St. Petersburg,
dialog: where you spent five years under
text: the tutelage of a shadowy old
dialog: swindler named the Diamond Dog.
dialog: And he was your Fagin and Stephen
dialog: was his Artful Dodger, but it ended
text: suddenly and badly.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: Stephen took his eye out with an
text: antique rapier.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why did he do that?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: And then the Brothers Bloom lit out
dialog: on their own to make their fortune
dialog: as gentleman thieves. Sounds
dialog: romantic.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It does.
text: She pushes the cards aside and slides clumsily onto the
text: table, her face inches from Bloom's, eyes closed, expecting a
dialog: kiss.
text: Bloom's eyes stay open.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You want to know how Stephen did
dialog: it? With Charleston?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's not the first thing on my
dialog: mind.
dialog: 21
scene_heading: 45 INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 45
text: A replay of Bloom in front of the flaming bookshelf.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (O.S.)
dialog: He positioned me in the same spot
dialog: where, seven years ago,
dialog: Charleston's wife stood and told
text: him she was leaving.
text: The room transforms, becomes daylit, not on fire, seven years
text: ago, a WIFE standing in Bloom's place.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (O.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: He chose my outfit to mirror her
dialog: suit.
text: Sure enough, the colors and shape of Bloom's suit matches the
dialog: Wife's outfit.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (O.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: He even phonetically matched my
text: final words to hers.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: This is the end. Charelston, you've
dialog: always been a dunce.
text: Everything snaps back to Bloom in the flaming room.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (IN FLASHBACK)
dialog: So in the end, everyone gets
dialog: everything he wants.
speaker_heading: BANG.
scene_heading: 46 INT. DEUTCH MARK 46
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: That's what he does, he writes his
dialog: cons the way dead Russians write
text: novels, with thematic arcs and
dialog: imbedded symbolism and shit. And
dialog: he wrote me as a vulnerable anti-
dialog: hero. And that's why you think you
dialog: want to kiss me. It's a con.
text: He leaves Rose lying on the table and sweeps through the bar
text: towards the exit, passing Stephen.
dialog: 22
dialog: 
scene_heading: 46 CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: I need air.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Who doesn't?
dialog: (plays a card)
dialog: That's the big 2.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. BERLIN STREET - EARLY MORNING 47
text: Bloom stumbles up stone steps to street level. A THOUSAND
text: YEAR OLD MAN sweeps up across the square.
text: Bloom sits wearily on the curb, bowler hat in hand, shirt
text: bright red with fake blood, face long as hell.
text: Putting the broom aside a moment, the old man walks painfully
text: across the street to Bloom. Standing nearly toe to toe with
text: him, the man pulls a huge joyful smile across his grizzled
dialog: face.
text: He then smears his hand over his mug, pulling the smile off
text: his face and rubbing it on Bloom's mouth. When he takes his
text: hand away, Bloom plays along and has the same big joyful
text: smile. The old man winks at him and walks back to his broom.
text: As soon as the old man is away, Bloom drops the smile.
text: Stephen paces out into the street.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We missed the sunrise. That
dialog: would've been nice.
text: They walk across the street to the Tiergarten.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. TIERGARTEN - EARLY MORNING 48
text: Berlin's Central Park and zoo, dead and brown. The brothers
text: stroll through the woods, Stephen a few steps ahead, Bloom
text: trailing behind, lost in thought.
text: Camel heads poke over a wall with `Kamelhaus' painted on it.
text: Stephen throws open the wall's gate.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (to camels)
dialog: Back to the swamps!
text: The camels are unimpressed. Bloom slouches into a bench.
dialog: 
dialog: 23
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: 48
text: Stephen shows the deck of cards to Bloom, who nods. Stephen
text: cuts the deck, shows him a card. Bloom shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: At least you're honest.
text: Bloom stares into space.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: Alright, let's do this. Let's just
dialog: get it done. So first you say `I'm
dialog: quitting, Stephen. I'm out.' Then
dialog: I say...
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: `Do we have to go through this
dialog: again.'
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Then you make a show of putting on
dialog: your jacket and say `no I mean it
dialog: this time Stephen, this time I'm
dialog: really out.'
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Then you say `let's have a drink,
dialog: and in the morning Bloom you'll
dialog: have come to your senses'
text: Stephen pulls a flask, unscrews it.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (re: Bloom's bright red
dialog: blood stain)
dialog: That's a major design flaw in fake
dialog: blood, by the way.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: `and we'll be moving on.'
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Real blood turns brown after a half
dialog: hour.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Listen to me, Stephen.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: This scotch costs more than your
dialog: suit.
dialog: 24
dialog: 26/11/06.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (2) 48
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Listen to me.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: And the flask stopped a bullet from
text: a black powder rifle at Appomattox.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Listen.
text: Bloom bats the flask away. A camel catches it, tips its
text: camel neck back and gulps it down.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: That's my new favorite camel.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I hate you. I hate this life, I
dialog: hate it, I hate that you won't
dialog: fucking listen to me for one
dialog: goddamn second. Just listen.
text: Stephen listens.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: I can't wake up next to another
dialog: stranger, who thinks they know me,
dialog: or even wants to know me, cause I
dialog: don't know - who - I'm thirty five
dialog: years old, and I, I'm useless, I'm
dialog: crippled, I don't, I've only ever
dialog: lived life through these roles that
dialog: aren't me, that are written for me
dialog: by you.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Tell me what you want.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Why? So you can write me a role in
dialog: a story where I get it? You're not
dialog: listening to me. I want a real...
dialog: thing, I wanna do things how I
dialog: don't know are gonna work out, a,
dialog: I, want, a...
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: You want an unwritten life.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 25
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (3) 48
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I want an unwritten life!
dialog: (realizes Stephen just
dialog: wrote that line for him)
dialog: Aauuugghh god!
text: The camel belches. Bloom makes a show of putting on his
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: I'm going away. Somewhere you or
dialog: even the Chink won't be able to
dialog: track me down, so don't try. No
dialog: more stories.
text: Bloom tosses Stephen the bowler, and storms off. He gets
text: about ten feet, then hesitates.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: I love you. Bye.
dialog: Then goes.
text: The camel nudges Stephen's jacket, looking for more scotch.
text: Stephen puts the bowler on its camel head.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Sorry bud. I'm dry.
text: Stephen watches his brother walk off into the rising morning
text: mist, lost in thought.
text: His hands mechanically begin shuffling the pack of cards.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 49 EXT. ITALIAN COUNTRYSIDE - DAY 49
text: Beautiful green hills surround the walled medieval city of
dialog: Ferentino.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: Ferentino, Italy - 3 months later.
text: A tiny red car inches its way across the countryside. It
text: winds its way up and deeper into the city on the hill.
dialog: 26
dialog: 
scene_heading: 50 EXT. FERENTINO APARTMENT - DAY 50
text: The tiny stone porch outside a private apartment. The red
text: car's bumper pulls up, parks.
text: On a small wood table, empty booze bottles and a loose pack
text: of cards. Fingertips spread the cards, then the fingertips'
text: owner heads for the apartment door.
scene_heading: 51 INT. FERENTINO APARTMENT - DAY 51
text: Stephen steps in cautiously, surveys the apartment.
text: A goddamn mess. Empty bottles and glasses, very little
text: light. Stephen opens the curtains, light streams in the
text: window. A groan of displeasure comes from the gloom.
text: Bloom stirs, passed out in a hammock. Unkept beard, a few
text: extra pounds. Crushed cigar hanging on his lip.
text: A rotund GRANDMOTHER waddles in, cleaning up bottles and
text: berating Bloom in a constant stream of angry Italian.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: She's right, you know.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Why are you here, Stephen?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Put on your face, let's eat.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. FERENTINO APARTMENT - LATER 52
text: Stephen guides a dressed Bloom out the door. The grandmother
text: follows them, still barking angry Italian at Bloom. At the
text: last moment she says a few kind words, kisses him on the
text: cheek and sends them off.
scene_heading: 53 EXT. FERENTINO CAFE - DAY 53
text: A few tables on a stone walkway overlooking the countryside.
text: The red car parked nearby. Stephen eats, Bloom stares.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: How'd you find me?
dialog: 27
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The Chink.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: How'd the Chink find me?
text: Stephen's eyes: "Are you joking?"
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: How've you been?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I've done a lot of thinking the
dialog: past three months. You don't want
dialog: out. You think you do but you
dialog: don't. Here, c'mere. I want to
dialog: show you something.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I'm quits, Stephen.
text: Stephen stands, strolls off. Bloom wearily follows.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: New Jersey.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Well lemme get my jacket.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 54 EXT. AN AIRPLANE ROARS RIGHT TO LEFT 54
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 55 EXT. LUDICROUS MANSION - AFTERNOON 55
text: A long private road through a tunnel of trees leads to a
text: ludicrous mansion. Our trio watch it from the road.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: Looks like an etching from a Bronte
dialog: novel.
dialog: 
dialog: 28
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
text: Stephen flips open a first edition Jane Eyre. The
text: illustration inside is in fact an exact match, right down to
text: a plaster deer in the front yard.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Huh. Look at that. Well thanks.
dialog: I'm gonna head back to Italy.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Big money. Inheritance. Dad died
dialog: early, Mom died two years ago after
dialog: ten years fighting an illness that
dialog: I can't pronounce.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: How much?
text: The Chink writes a number in the snow with a stick. Just
text: when we think she's done, she adds several more zeros.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Look out.
text: Stephen pulls Bloom into the trees as a cherry red
text: Lamborghini roars down the private road, does an unruly donut
text: and crunches painfully into a tree, kicking up a cloud of
text: dust and smoke.
text: Thumping bass from the audio system turns off, and from the
text: dust cloud emerges PENELOPE, early 30s, beautiful but in a
dialog: non-Lamborghini way.
text: Bloom watches her through the trees, none too happy.
scene_heading: 56 EXT. THICKET - LATER 56
text: Off to the side of the house. They lean on the hood of their
text: rental car, an old school Cadillac.
text: In the background, a tow truck arrives with a brand new
text: Lamborghini, and leaves towing the old one.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: What am I doing here, Stephen? I
dialog: have one rule, and you've never
dialog: even tested it.
dialog: 
dialog: 29
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Stick with me.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: No women. One rule. You know we
dialog: don't do women, I don't, and it's
dialog: not a morality thing or- a thing-
dialog: it's, whatever it is it doesn't
dialog: matter what it is, that's just our
dialog: rule. So what are we,
dialog: (RE: the rental car)
dialog: Did you rent a `78 Caddy?
text: Stephen nods to the Chink. Bloom nods appreciatively.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Controversial choice. So no, is
dialog: what I'm saying. I'm quits anyway.
dialog: I'll be in Italy. Drinking.
text: The front door of the mansion slams, and they watch Penelope
text: drag a harp around into the back yard.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Penelope Stamp. Thirty three.
dialog: Lived at home her whole life.
text: Bloom's eyes never leave Penelope.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: An eccentric shut-in rich bitch.
dialog: You're not helping your case.
text: The Chink silently hands Bloom a retractable spyglass, he
text: watches Penelope drift atop a hill and sit on a stump.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: She's bored, a seed in the snow.
dialog: We're going to put her through a
dialog: grand adventure, bring her to life.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: So this is the big plan. Lure me
dialog: back into things with some
dialog: beautiful intriguing elusive girl,
dialog: stir up old memories with the
dialog: prospect of redemption and rebirth.
dialog: Seriously Stephen. Amateur night.
text: Bloom watches her play Clash songs on the harp.
dialog: 
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: (2) 56
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: I'm not saying yes. But what's the
dialog: con?
text: Stephen spreads a folded piece of paper on a tree stump, with
text: a flowchart on it. Numbered boxes.
text: Bloom doesn't take his spyglass off Penelope.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: It's actually pretty simple. We're
text: brothers, antique dealers, perusing
dialog: the Americas for antiquities en
dialog: route to someplace exciting via
dialog: luxury steamer, say Greece. You
dialog: tie into her and work your magic...
text: Penelope plays on.
scene_heading: 57 INT. HOTEL BAR - NIGHT 57
text: Very late. Bloom and Stephen in armchairs, collars loosened,
text: drinks drunk. The Chink's Chuck Taylors stick up over the
text: back of a chair.
text: Bloom holds the con flowchart.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: ...and so that's how it ends, in
text: Mexico, a burst of violence then a
dialog: moment of truth on the beach. What
dialog: do you think?
text: Bloom idly looks over the chart.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You've got something up your
dialog: sleeve. This is about me, right?
dialog: Somehow.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: This might not be something you
dialog: know, but they've all been about
dialog: you. Maybe that's why they've none
dialog: of them been perfect, I've never
dialog: been able to give you what you
dialog: really want.
dialog: 31
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I want to be outta all this. So by
dialog: definition, this is not going to
dialog: give me what I want.
text: Stephen answers by letting an ace fall from his sleeve.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: This will be the last one. You'll
dialog: let me go.
text: The Chink's inert sneakers come to life and she's on her
text: feet, silently going to Stephen's side.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I will never approach you to do
text: another con again.
dialog: (to the Chink)
dialog: Let's make it a red Schwinn.
text: Bloom stares at #1 on the flowchart - "BLOOM MEETS PENELOPE."
scene_heading: 58 EXT. HILLTOP - MORNING 58
text: A grumpy Bloom perched on the red Schwinn, an ill fitting
text: Styrofoam helmet on his head.
text: Stephen sits in a lawn chair watching the highway below.
text: The Chink sets up a lawn umbrella, a chair for herself, and a
text: cooler with Coronas.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: There are less painful ways to cut
text: into a mark.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk.
dialog: Score to beat is 7.9. Keep your
text: head in the game, the Chinese judge
dialog: is tough.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: This is a banana seat, man!
text: He directs this to the Chink, who blinks with innocent
text: incomprehension and opens two Coronas.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Don't give me that blank look, you
dialog: know what a fuckin banana seat is.
dialog: 
dialog: 32
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
text: Stephen spots something and blows a whistle. With a grunt,
text: Bloom launches the Schwinn forward.
text: Gaining speed, bumping over weeds and gopher holes, down the
text: steep steep hill.
text: At the bottom of the hill, a two lane highway. Cruising down
text: the highway, a cherry red Lamborghini.
text: Whose front right fender Bloom expertly smashes into.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 59 EXT. HIGHWAY / SKY - DAY 59
text: Silent and blue. Time slows to a crawl as Bloom sails
text: through the air, arcing over the Italian luxury car's hood
text: and past a horrified Penelope, face frozen mid scream behind
dialog: the wheel.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (V.O.)
dialog: There's actually a knack to this.
dialog: You want to avoid dying or breaking
dialog: anything that won't grow back, but
dialog: you don't want to roll out of it
dialog: and come up roses. If you're
text: trying to fast track into a mark's
dialog: sympathies, there's nothing quite
dialog: as efficient as having your first
dialog: conversation be from a hospital bed
dialog: they put you in. I usually like to
text: try for a dislocated shoulder.
text: Several things happen at once.
text: Bloom hits the pavement shoulder-first, hard. The bent bike
text: follows suit.
text: Up on the hill, Stephen and the Chink raise score cards. 8.9
dialog: and 5.6.
text: The Lamborghini screeches to a stop.
text: Everything is still.
text: Then the car jolts forward. Then stops. Then again, jolts
text: and stops. Rolls forward a few feet, lazily drifting, then
text: jolts and stops.
text: Bloom painfully stands, as confused by the car's behavior as
dialog: us.
dialog: 
dialog: 33
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED: 59
text: Stephen and the Chink lower their cards, equally confused.
text: One last long beat of silence, then the car jolts forward,
text: veers drunkenly to the left, tips into a ditch and chunks to
text: a stop. The horn blares.
text: Bloom looks up to the hilltop for guidance.
text: Stephen stares blankly. The Chink raises a new score card -
dialog: 7.8.
scene_heading: 60 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT 60
text: Penelope sleeps, bruised and battered. Bloom sits bedside
text: uncomfortably, arm in a wimpy sling. She stirs. Bloom leans
dialog: forward.
text: Slurred with sleep and drugs, she painfully barely breathes
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Are you alright?
scene_heading: 61 INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - NIGHT 61
text: Bloom consults with Stephen and the Chink, both in scrubs.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The Chink had it - I'm telling him,
dialog: I know, thank you - in her report,
dialog: I missed it. This is actually kind
dialog: of great, I'll tell you why.
text: The Chink lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You missed it?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Dostoevsky was an epileptic.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: His seizures were preceded by an
text: enlightened euphoria, a sort of
text: opening of his spiritual eye.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 34
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 61 CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: I think the fact that she saw your
text: face the instant before a seizure
dialog: is a pretty goddamn good foot to
dialog: start things out on, right?
text: Bloom stares blankly. The Chink burps into her stethoscope.
scene_heading: 62 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT 62
text: Bloom slumps in a chair, watching Penelope sleep.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (V.O.)
dialog: The next step is to figure out a
dialog: way to insinuate yourself into
dialog: their personal life.
text: Bloom drifts off, then wakes with a start.
text: It is MORNING. Penelope is shaking him.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I think they took my car. Could
dialog: you drive me home?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Uh. Yeah.
text: She walks away, the back of her gown wide open, then turns.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I'm Penelope Stamp.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Bloom.
scene_heading: 63 INT. CADILLAC - MORNING 63
text: Bloom drives, Penelope gazes stiffly out the window.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (V.O.)
dialog: Engagement. Find a connection with
dialog: your mark through conversation.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: I'm sorry about your Lamborghini.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: S' ok.
text: Silence. He notices her playing with the side mirror knob,
text: angling it to stare at him while looking out the window.
dialog: 
dialog: 35
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 63 CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Nice area.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jersey.
dialog: More silence.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
text: This car is like riding in a huge
dialog: marshmallow.
text: And still more silence.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (V.O.)
dialog: Having now deftly set your hook in
dialog: the mark's psyche, this would be
dialog: the perfect time to tug the line,
scene_heading: 64 EXT. LUDICROUS MANSION - MORNING 64
text: They pull up in the car. A tow truck is dropping off a new
dialog: Lamborghini.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (V.O.)
dialog: Get invited in for coffee, and tell
dialog: them the full tale.
text: Bloom looks about to launch into something, when Penelope
text: drops a stack of cash bound in a green rubber band on his
text: dashboard.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: For the bike, and the whole, thing.
dialog: This was a big shit sandwich. Ok.
dialog: Bye.
text: The car door slams and she's gone. Bloom sits a moment.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (V.O.)
dialog: However, there are advantages to
dialog: playing it cool. Letting it lie
dialog: for a day or two, then casually re-
dialog: establish contact.
text: Bloom starts driving off, and adjusts the passenger side
text: mirror so it points back to the road. As he does he sees
text: Penelope in it, sprinting after his car.
text: He stops. A moment later she appears at his window, heaving.
dialog: 
dialog: 36
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 64 CONTINUED: 64
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I realized... I should have...
dialog: invited you in... for coffee...
dialog: right?
scene_heading: 65 INT. PENELOPE'S KITCHEN - DAY 65
text: Bloom and Penelope sit in a luxurious stone-based kitchen,
text: neither touching their coffee. Bloom talks.
text: This is how Penelope listens: she starts with her eyes on
text: Bloom, then very quickly drifts away into her own thoughts,
text: then recognizes she's doing it and makes eye contact again
text: and gives an overbaked "oh yes go on" smile/nod, then does it
dialog: all again. Three or four times.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: ...didn't really have anyone except
dialog: each other growing up, and our
dialog: father was in the antique business,
dialog: he had a shop in Charleston. So we
dialog: stuck together, my brother Stephen
dialog: and me, we and just took over the
dialog: shop when dad died. Then we
dialog: realized one day, we saw the
dialog: dealers who were finding and
dialog: selling us the antiques coming from
dialog: exotic countries all over the
dialog: world, and there was a, almost a
dialog: scent they had, when they'd come in
dialog: the dusty shop we worked nine to
dialog: five in since we were nineteen, the
dialog: air would, like before a rain, the
dialog: ions would line up, and you could
dialog: just smell midnight trains to Paris
dialog: and steamer ships and Calcutta
dialog: bazaars, and we made the decision,
dialog: we just did it, that we want to
dialog: have that sort of life. So we did,
dialog: and we've been travelling and
dialog: treasure hunting the world ever
dialog: since, and could you, I'm sorry,
dialog: stop doing - that, you're, I'm, ok.
dialog: Alright, look.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I'm really bad at talking to
dialog: people.
dialog: 37
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 65 CONTINUED: 65
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I told you, that's alright.
dialog: You want me to go?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: No! I want to talk to you. Fuck.
text: She storms out.
scene_heading: 66 INT. PARLOR 66
text: Victorian, expensive. Penelope leans against the window,
text: looking out. Sulking. Bloom enters.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: So what kind of stuff do you do?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Nothing. Maybe you should go.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Alright. I'm just gonna finish my
dialog: coffee first.
text: Very slowly, he sips it. Each sip becomes a noisier and
text: noisier slurp.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I collect hobbies. I see someone
dialog: doing something I like, and I get
dialog: books and learn how to do it.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Hm. Anything interesting?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: HOBBY MONTAGE
text: In which Penelope demonstrates the following with exacting
dialog: seriousness and skill for Bloom:
text: Playing the piano. The classical guitar. The fiddle. The
dialog: banjo.
text: Putting the finishing touches on a ship in a bottle.
text: Executing a perfect ollie on a skateboard.
dialog: 
dialog: 38
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED: 66
text: Juggling various items. Riding a unicycle. Juggling while
text: riding a unicycle.
text: Playing ping-pong against a wall with ungodly speed.
text: Karate chopping through too much wood.
dialog: Breakdancing.
text: Playing the accordion.
text: Rapping to a drum machine.
text: Creating a perfect origami dragon.
scene_heading: END HOBBY MONTAGE
text: On Bloom's shell-shock face.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: No. I know a lot of stuff.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You just learned this stuff, here
dialog: by yourself?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Kinda sad.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: No. So you just thought, `so I
dialog: want to learn this and this,' and
dialog: you just did it? How do you plan
dialog: to use all these skills?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I dunno. I'm not a planner. I
dialog: just do stuff. Here, look at this
dialog: watermelon. It's a camera. You
dialog: can make a pinhole camera out of
text: anything hollowish and dark.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: It's gotta warp the image though,
dialog: right?
dialog: 
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED: (2) 66
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: No, yeah it does. That's what -
dialog: the Taj Majal taken by a fat
dialog: tourist with diarrhea and a point-
dialog: and-shoot camera can be the
dialog: flattest, dullest, "here's us at
dialog: the Taj Majal," "Oh lovely lets go
dialog: stick our thumbs up our asses"
dialog: picture. But you can look at the
dialog: most menial everyday thing, and
dialog: depending on how your pinhole
text: camera eats the light, it's warped
dialog: and peculiar and imperfect. It's
dialog: not reproduction, it's
dialog: storytelling.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: It's a lie that tells the truth.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I dunno about truth. A photograph
dialog: is a secret about a secret. The
dialog: more it tells you, the less you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: What's changed between now and
dialog: twenty minutes ago? Cause this is
dialog: kinda like a conversation.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Huh. Well shit.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. BACKYARD - DAY 67
text: Bloom and Penelope walk and talk, finally rounding the house
text: and ending up at the driveway.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Well, I should, uh, it's late. So.
dialog: I meet a lot of people in my job I
dialog: have to professionally act
dialog: interested in. It's a good feeling
dialog: to be genuinely interested in
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Are you leaving?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 40
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Are you coming back?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Well next time I'm in town. We're
dialog: taking a steamer at noon tomorrow
dialog: off the docks, to the continent for
dialog: a few months.
text: During this, Bloom very naturally moves his hand to the small
text: of Penelope's back. The edge of his thumb comes to rest on a
text: small slit of exposed skin.
text: Penelope's expression does not change, but a noticeable blush
text: crosses her still face.
text: When Bloom removes his hand, the blush falls.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Paris and Greece, I think. I've
dialog: gotta get a hat. Thanks for the
dialog: pinhole camera demonstration. And
dialog: for the good conversation. Goodbye
dialog: Penelope.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Goodbye Bloom.
text: He drives off. She stands in the doorway, watching him go.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. THE DOCKS - DAY 68
text: A jaunty steamer ship docked and ready. Bloom watches the
text: access road, Stephen makes notes, the Chink whittles.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I need another day with her.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: You'll have two weeks on the boat.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I need another day to get her on
dialog: the boat, she isn't hooked. That
dialog: bit I skipped where we were talking
dialog: in the backyard, it was ten minutes
dialog: on the optics of lensless
dialog: photography, we didn't really talk.
dialog: 41
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: It isn't the talking that hooked
dialog: her.
text: Bloom turns from the road.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I think you're wrong.
text: A screech of distant tires and a crash. Bloom doesn't look.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: Though every time I say that, you
text: end up being comically right.
dialog: That's her, isn't it? Yeah.
text: Penelope pulls a clumsy steamer trunk that never could have
text: fit in her Lamborghini, which is bent around a pylon.
text: Bloom meets her.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Hi. What are you doing here?
text: She holds out the stack of bills in the green rubber band.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: You left this money in my kitchen.
text: He doesn't take it.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah, I didn't want it, but thanks.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey, where's this boat going?
scene_heading: 69 EXT. THE ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY 69
text: The good ship Fidele breaks the waves Greece-ward.
scene_heading: 70 EXT. DECK - DAY 70
text: Bloom and Penelope stroll the deck.
dialog: 
dialog: 42
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 70 CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Why did you decide to come?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Well I'd never been to Greece. Or
dialog: Europe. Or outside New Jersey.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: It just seems like a big leap.
dialog: From where you were at yesterday to
dialog: being a world traveler.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: It looked like fun. I wanted to do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: A new hobby.
text: Up ahead, Bloom spots a large man in a fur collared cape
text: gazing out to sea. He quickly turns Penelope away.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Here, this way.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. SHUFFLEBOARD DECK - DAY 71
text: The Chink and Stephen play shuffleboard. Bloom leads
dialog: Penelope to them.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Penelope, this is my brother
dialog: Stephen.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Pleased to make your acquaintance.
dialog: Bloom's told me about you, you're
dialog: the epileptic photographer?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Sort of.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: This is my personal secretary and
dialog: masseuse, Mrs. Yuengling.
text: A nearly imperceptible glare from the Chink.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Yuengling like the beer?
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Heh. No. So what are your plans
dialog: in Greece?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I don't plan.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Good for you.
text: The Chink hits a damn near impossible shuffleboard shot, then
text: gives Stephen a pointed deferential giggle-bow.
scene_heading: 72 INT. STATE ROOM - NIGHT 72
text: The brothers dress for dinner.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You named the Chink `Yuengling?'
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I was writing in a bar. And she
dialog: doesn't drink, how does she know a
dialog: Philly beer?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: She knows a lot of stuff.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Was that who I thought it was on
dialog: the East deck this morning?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Yes it was. Did he spot you?
text: An ominous glance.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Not yet.
scene_heading: 73 EXT. DECK - NIGHT 73
text: Several small tables scattered about the moonlit deck, Bloom
text: and Penelope sit with flutes of champagne. Penelope, in an
text: elegant but understated dress, shuffles a pack of cards.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You look very nice.
text: She laughs as if at a joke she doesn't think is funny.
dialog: 44
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: 73
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: What was your childhood like?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I make cameras out of watermelons.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Lonely.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Lucky guess.
text: Penelope's hands move faster. She knows how to shuffle
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: How was it lonely?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
text: Fishing for an entertaining
dialog: childhood anecdote that
dialog: encapsulates my adult issues?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Well it's funny how everyone's
dialog: usually got one.
text: As Penelope tells her story she gets fancier with her
text: shuffles.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: When I turned six I started getting
dialog: allergies, hayfever, rashes, really
dialog: bad. So my mom took me into the
dialog: doctor, and he did that test where
text: they use needles to prick a grid on
dialog: your back with all the different
dialog: toxins, to see which ones you're
dialog: allergic to. The next day I came
dialog: in, the doctor lifted up my shirt,
text: and my back looked like a patch of
text: oily, moldy, blackish green double-
dialog: puff marshmallows. I was allergic
dialog: to everything. So they sealed the
dialog: house with plastic and a special
dialog: ventilation system, and I spent my
dialog: entire childhood and adolescence
text: indoors. Mostly alone. Lonely.
text: She pulls the Queens out of the deck and lays them face up on
dialog: the table.
dialog: 
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: (2) 73
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: It wasn't `til I was nineteen they
dialog: discovered what I was actually
dialog: allergic to was the aluminum alloy
dialog: the hypodermic needle was made out
dialog: of. Then I was going to leave, but
dialog: my mom got sick. So I stayed. And
dialog: she stayed sick, a long time.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Do you feel cheated?
text: Penelope does an amazing card trick using the four queens.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: The trick to not feeling cheated is
dialog: to learn how to cheat. So I
dialog: decided this wasn't a story about a
text: miserable girl trapped in a house
dialog: that smelled like medical supplies
dialog: wasting her life on a dying person
dialog: she sometimes hated. It was about
dialog: a girl who could find infinite
dialog: beauty in anything, any little
dialog: thing. And do anything she decided
dialog: to do. And love the person she was
dialog: trapped with. So I told myself
dialog: that story until it became true.
dialog: Now did doing that let me escape a
dialog: wasted life, or did it just blind
dialog: me so I wouldn't want to escape it?
dialog: I don't know. But either way, I
dialog: was the one telling my own story.
dialog: So I don't feel cheated.
text: She finishes the trick.
text: A single pair of hands clapping turns their heads. At the
text: far end of the deck, alone at a table, the large man in the
text: fur collared cape, who for reasons unlikely to become clear
dialog: at the moment will be called THE CURATOR.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: And a magician is just an actor
dialog: playing the part of a magician. My
dialog: compliments.
text: Bloom takes Penelope gently by the elbow and guides her up
dialog: and away.
dialog: 46
dialog: 
scene_heading: 74 EXT. BOW - NIGHT 74
text: They stroll out onto the moonlit bow of the ship.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Who is that man? You avoided him
text: earlier on the deck.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: I don't know, but he's carrying a
text: knife up his sleeve and wearing a
dialog: cape. Do me a favor and steer
text: clear of him.
text: A waltz drifts through the air from a band unseen.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: I don't suppose in all your hobby
dialog: acquiring you ever learned how to
dialog: dance?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I went through a phase when I was
text: mildly obsessed with the Bolero.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Give me a minute.
text: He leaves her alone. Clouds obscure the moon, shadows
text: deepen. She shivers.
text: A match strikes. She jumps.
text: The moon re-emerges, and she is no longer alone on the deck.
text: The Curator lights a dapper briar pipe, shakes out the match.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Mademoiselle.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Monsieur.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: (in French, subtitled)
dialog: I didn't mean to startle you.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: (in French, subtitled)
dialog: Yes you did.
dialog: 
dialog: 47
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: (in French, subtitled)
dialog: Apologies, but the deck was dark,
dialog: and I had to approach.
dialog: (English)
dialog: It's been such a time since I've
dialog: encountered the Brothers Bloom.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: You're in antiques?
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: (Cheshire grin)
dialog: Antiques. I wonder, my dear, if
dialog: you know the true nature of the men
dialog: you travel with?
text: The band strikes up a Bolero. The Curator flicks his wrist,
text: and a long thin blade falls into his hand.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (cont'd)
dialog: A little fear might suit you, I
dialog: think.
text: He raises the blade... it is in fact a fine mustache brush,
text: which he delicately employs.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (cont'd)
dialog: Bon soir, ma cherie.
text: With that the Curator backs into the shadows, and is gone.
text: Moments later Bloom trots up to her, oblivious.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: It isn't a Spanish band, but
dialog: they'll do their best.
text: He hands her a single blood red rose. She puts it in her
text: teeth, and they dance. If there is a tinge of tension in the
text: air, the Bolero suits it.
text: The moon ducks behind a cloud once more, and they dance on in
dialog: the dark.
scene_heading: 75 INT. STATE ROOM - MORNING 75
text: Bloom wakes with a start. Morning light pours in through his
text: porthole. He opens it, looks out to sea.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
text: His dinner jacket draped over a chair. The rose in its
text: lapel. He fishes it out. Runs his fingers over the teeth
text: marks on the stem.
text: Then raises an eyebrow at a lump in the breast pocket, and
text: pulls out the stack of bills in the green rubber band.
scene_heading: 76 EXT. DECK - MORNING 76
text: The Chink and Penelope lie on their stomachs on the deck, a
text: beer can pinhole camera between them.
text: Penelope gives a lesson on how it works.
text: The Chink appreciates her.
scene_heading: 77 EXT. BREAKFAST DECK - LATER 77
text: Bloom escorts Penelope to breakfast.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: How'd you find her?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: The Chi-nese, uh, Yeungling? She
dialog: found us.
scene_heading: 78 INT. KITCHEN - EARLY MORNING (FLASHBACK) 78
text: Bloom cooks breakfast in his bathrobe.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (O.S.)
dialog: A few years back, when we hit the
dialog: top of our art dealing game, she
dialog: just appeared.
text: A door opens and slams. Bloom turns. The Chink sits at his
text: place at the table, suitcase beside her, smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (O.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: She's stuck with us. We figure
dialog: when she gets bored she'll vanish
text: with the same lack of noise.
text: Like feeding a strange animal, Bloom pours her coffee. She
text: drinks it without looking at him.
dialog: 49
scene_heading: 79 EXT. BREAKFAST DECK 79
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I like her.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Good.
text: They smile when they see Stephen and the Chink at a table.
text: Their smiles drop when they see the Curator sitting with
text: them. Bloom glares at the Curator, but speaks to Stephen.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: What's he doing here?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I invited him, sit down. This
dialog: ship's too small to dance around
dialog: each other for a week, we might as
dialog: well have it out now. Bloom. Sit.
dialog: Penelope, do you know our friend?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
text: Only as the creepy Frenchman.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Book-learned. You know languages
dialog: but not accents, my dear. I am
dialog: Belgian. Maxmillion Melville, at
dialog: your service.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Also known in certain professional
dialog: circles as the Curator.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Pleased to make your acquaintance.
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: I'm a curator, presently for the
dialog: National Museum in Prague. And
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I'm an epileptic photographer.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Good for you. Boys? What do you
dialog: do?
dialog: 50
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 79 CONTINUED: 79
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We have a legitimate antique
dialog: reselling business.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Baissez le rideau, la farce est
dialog: jouee.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We've gone straight, Max.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Pardon, but you do not ascend to
dialog: the grand heights of the Brothers
dialog: Bloom only to toss it all and sell
dialog: terra cotta to blue haired weekend
dialog: antiquers.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We did. Eat your waffles.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: But Mademoiselle appears...
text: confused. Perhaps she is unawares?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Eat your waffles, fat man.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Unaware that the Brothers Bloom are
dialog: in fact the two most highly
dialog: respected art smugglers in the
dialog: western world?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Were. We've been on the straight
dialog: for three years. So that's that.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Well, if that is that, then that is
dialog: indeed that. As you say.
text: Penelope snaps her fingers. Everyone looks up.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Your name's Melville?
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Maxmillion Melville, Esquire.
dialog: 
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: 79 CONTINUED: (2) 79
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Sorry, no, cause I noticed but I
dialog: couldn't place it, this ship is the
dialog: Fidele, which was the ship in
dialog: Melville's novel "The Confidence
dialog: Man." So that's weird.
text: Everyone glances at Stephen, a little uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Huh.
scene_heading: 80 INT. DECK - NIGHT 80
text: Bloom paces, Stephen shuffles cards.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I know you like to throw those
dialog: clever little details in, but
dialog: you've gotta watch that shit with
dialog: her Stephen. She had a lot of time
dialog: alone in that house, and she used
dialog: it. She did the best Double Dutch
dialog: Queens I've ever seen up on the
dialog: deck last night.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Double Dutch Queens uses gaffed
dialog: cards.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: She had them in her purse and cut
dialog: them in while I was folding my
dialog: napkin.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: That's what I'm saying. She's
dialog: different, she knows, sometimes it
text: feels like she knows everything.
dialog: Doesn't that worry you?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No. But something about her is
dialog: worrying you plenty.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: She feels like one of your
dialog: characters.
dialog: 52
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The day I con you is the day I die,
dialog: Bloom.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I know that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How did you get the Belgian, on our
dialog: budget?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: He's beautiful, right?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I didn't expect him to actually be
dialog: Belgian.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: I'm not sure he is. I'm to bed.
text: Stephen stands to go, then pauses.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: I've always protected you, right?
dialog: The only real danger in this whole
dialog: play is that you'll actually fall
dialog: in love with her. Look at me.
dialog: Don't fall in love with her.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. UPPER DECK - CONTINUOUS 81
text: The Chink sits smoking her whittled pipe, watching Bloom
text: alone on the deck. Stephen passes her, and she stops him
text: with a look.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Shut up. I know what I'm doing.
text: She hands him a thin piece of paper. He looks it over.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: This came through just now?
text: The paper is a telegram with the Fidele's imprint, received
text: from St. Petersburg. Stephen reads it.
dialog: 
dialog: 53
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: "My dear Stephen STOP Word on the
dialog: wire is the Bros B are bound for
dialog: Prague STOP Am heading there myself
dialog: would love to see my boys STOP
dialog: Affectionately DD." The Diamond
dialog: Dog.
text: He crumples the paper, looks down at Bloom.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: Wire him back for me. "Dear Dog
dialog: STOP Unless you've lately felt an
dialog: excess of eyes left in your head
dialog: kindly stay the fuck away from me
dialog: and my brother STOP Regards,"
dialog: etcetera.
scene_heading: 82 EXT. THE MEDITERRANIAN SEA - MORNING 82
text: The good ship Fidele rounds the Rock of Gibraltar.
scene_heading: 83 EXT. DECK - MORNING 83
text: Bloom and Penelope lie on the deck, watching dolphins.
text: She says this word like she's eating chocolate:
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Smugglers. It's like an adventure
dialog: story. Whose idea was it to go
dialog: straight?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Mine. Stephen always loved the
dialog: life. Then he was almost killed on
text: a run to Jakarta, two thugs with
text: heads like canned hams worked him
dialog: beyond all reason.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. JAKARTA PIER - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 84
text: Stephen is set upon by two thugs. He rushes them.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Have at thee, you ham headed
dialog: bastards!
dialog: 54
dialog: 26/11/06.
scene_heading: 85 EXT. DECK - MORNING 85
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: And I called it, that was it.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Scary.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: For me. Stephen enjoyed it. He
dialog: loved the idea that we were
dialog: internationally infamous art
dialog: smugglers, but I think deep down,
dialog: same as me, he felt like we were
text: putting on a persona, faking it.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
text: Telling a story.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: He'd love to die on a job.
text: Cornered at midnight on a run to
dialog: Jakarta. That's his dream, to tell
dialog: his story so well it fulfills
dialog: itself. It somehow would make it
text: finally real for him.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: That's kinda the thing we all want,
dialog: right?
text: He looks at her in the sun.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Trying to get something real by
dialog: telling yourself stories is a trap.
dialog: Trust me on that one.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. GRECIAN PORT - DAY 86
dialog: Kalamata, if it matters.
text: The Fidele docked in bright blue water. Our intrepid heroes
text: stand aside a dusty road, surrounded by their luggage.
text: The Curator approaches, tips his hat to them.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Best of luck with the antiquing,
dialog: boys. Au revoir, Chinois.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 55
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (cont'd)
dialog: (to Penelope)
dialog: Mademoiselle. Mes restes d'offre.
text: With a wink, he is gone. A beat. Penelope stands apart.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: My French is a little rusty, but I
dialog: believe he just told you `my offer
dialog: stands.'
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: He came out of nowhere last night.
scene_heading: 87 EXT. DECK - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 87
text: Penelope taking air on the moonlit deck. The Curator
text: dissolves out of the darkness.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (V.O.)
dialog: Whatever's in his pipe, it made me
text: thick.
text: He brings her face close to hers, smoke twisting, and speaks
text: unheard words low and fast.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. GRECIAN PORT - MORNING 88
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Oh lord. What has he got?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
text: An 8th century prayer book.
scene_heading: 89 EXT. PRAGUE STREETS - DAY 89
text: We fly through the city streets...
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (V.O.)
text: From his museum in Prague, stashed
text: in the castle.
text: Up to the base of the castle, through a grated hole in an
dialog: ancient wall, into...
scene_heading: 90 INT. MUSEUM VAULT 90
text: A stunning illuminated manuscript lies open on a stone table.
text: The Curator's hands close it gently and take it away.
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (V.O.)
dialog: A book of hours.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah. Medieval art bores the crap
dialog: out of me so I don't know it that
dialog: well. So that's what he does, he
dialog: makes pieces in his collections
text: disappear, then sells them off via
text: a trusted middleman.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. GRECIAN PORT 91
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: That's what he does.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Wonder who's his fence?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Probably his Spanish guy, right?
dialog: (asks Penelope)
dialog: Did he say who's buying?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: An Argentinian. Argentine?
dialog: Argentinian?
scene_heading: 92 EXT. DECK - NIGHT (FLASHBACK) 92
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: A gentleman from Argentina. He's
text: quite sick, cancer in his bones,
dialog: and desperate for sentimental
dialog: reasons to own this piece while he
dialog: may.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. GRECIAN PORT 93
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: He'll sell it to a middleman for
dialog: one million, US. The Argentin...a
dialog: guy will pay two point five.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Not bad.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Is he legit?
dialog: 57
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The Curator? That's a relative
dialog: term. He's telling the truth.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I'm sorry you had to deal with that
dialog: guy.
text: Behind Penelope, two porters load her steamer trunk into the
text: back of a taxi.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Where's that cab going?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
text: The train station.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Where's the train going?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Prague.
text: Bloom breathes.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: Let's do it. Let's, just, I want
dialog: to try this. Let's be smugglers.
dialog: I think it'd be fun. We should do
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Well first off, we don't have a
dialog: million dollars.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I do, I've got, that's whatever. I
dialog: mean a real reason.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: This is real, it's dangerous, it
dialog: could go very bad.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I think a little real danger might
dialog: suit me. I'm gonna do it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 58
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (2) 93
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: So if you want to join my smugglers
dialog: gang, you know, I'll consider it.
text: She walks off towards the taxi.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: This is not an adventure story.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What are you talking about? It
dialog: totally is.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. HUNGARIAN COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT 94
text: A train roars through the night towards Prague.
scene_heading: 95 INT. STEPHEN'S SLEEPING CAR - NIGHT 95
text: Stephen reclines, hat on his face. Bloom paces.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Take it easy. She's having fun,
dialog: that's the point of this.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: She's making a flag for our
dialog: "smugglers gang," man. She made me
text: learn a secret smugglers handshake.
dialog: Unhealthy. This afternoon, when
dialog: she was writing, in the observation
dialog: car? A letter? A journal? No.
dialog: She is getting way too into this.
text: Bloom fishes a crumpled piece of paper from his pocket and
text: thrusts it in front of Stephen's face.
text: On it are written dozens of variations in stylized fonts of
dialog: "Penelope the smuggler."
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
text: She's been singing the Smuggler
dialog: Song since Athens.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: What Smugglers Song?
dialog: 
dialog: 59
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You know, the one from whatsit, the
dialog: Disney thing, that Smuggler Song,
dialog: the `We're a band of smugglers hey,
dialog: la la la la la, we smuggle by night
dialog: and drink by day, smugglers ho, ho
dialog: ho, smugglers...' there, this
dialog: isn't... there isn't a Smuggler
dialog: Song, is there? Ok. She made up a
text: Smuggler Song. With hand motions.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The whole point of this was to
dialog: sweep her off her feet. Let her
dialog: enjoy it.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: While it lasts.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Nothing lasts.
text: Exit Bloom. Stephen sighs and drops his hat back on his
dialog: face.
scene_heading: 96 INT. BLOOM'S SLEEPING CAR 96
text: Bloom reads. Footsteps pound by outside. Penelope and the
text: Chink run past his door. A moment later a uniformed
text: ATTENDANT runs past.
text: A beat, then the footsteps come back, and the girls duck into
text: Bloom's cabin, slamming the door. Sacks in their teeth.
text: Off Bloom's quizzical look:
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
text: Smuggling. From the snack car.
text: They pull bags of chips and tiny liquor bottles from their
dialog: sacks.
text: Bloom glares at the Chink, who tries to avoid his gaze.
scene_heading: 97 INT. SNACK CAR 97
text: Bloom pays the SNACK CAR ATTENDANT from a stack of Euros,
text: while the Chink gives him counts on her fingers.
dialog: 
dialog: 60
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: 97
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Fourteen gins? Are you kidding me?
speaker_heading: THE CHINK
dialog: Jameson.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I'm not paying for that.
text: She holds up two fingers, the Attendant pours two.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Ice?
text: She says no with a look, they drink.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: She made up the Smuggler Song.
text: The Chink nods. Bloom pays for the Jameson.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: I thought it was a Disney thing.
scene_heading: 98 INT. PENELOPE'S SLEEPING CAR - LATER THAT NIGHT 98
text: The lights are off. Penelope reclines on the bed, surrounded
text: by empty tiny gin bottles. Drunk.
text: Bloom sits on the floor, both framed in a big window looking
text: out on a breathtaking moonlit landscape rolling hypnotically
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Gin is fuckin fruity. Have you
dialog: taken this train before?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: So this is all like fuckin
dialog: `whatever' to you.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I usually drink with the Chink in
text: the snack car, play cards.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: With the who?
dialog: 
dialog: 61
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: 98
dialog: Oops.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Mrs. Yeungling. That's her
dialog: smuggler nickname.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: That's offensive.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I think if it were offensive to
dialog: her, she'd let us know.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Do I get a smuggler nickname?
text: Bloom quietly slips the stack of cash in the green rubber
text: band into Penelope's luggage.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I think you're constipated. In
dialog: your fuckin soul.
text: Bloom makes several attempts to form a response to this
text: before giving up.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: You've got a big load of grumpy
dialog: petrified poop up your ass, I'm
dialog: just calling you out on it. Yeah
dialog: I'm pretending I'm a smuggler, so
dialog: you know what? I'm a fuckin
dialog: smuggler. If that's your thing,
dialog: fuckin tell it like you own it.
dialog: When you've got a spotlight in
dialog: front of your feet, man, fuckin
dialog: jump into it and dance the shit out
dialog: of it. Stop fuckin thinking so
dialog: much. Enjoy the fuckin ride.
dialog: Fuck.
text: A roll of thunder and spectacular flash of lightning ignites
text: the landscape, and rain starts to patter. Penelope stiffens.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: Whoa.
dialog: 
dialog: 62
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: (2) 98
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Look, I'm not-
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Shh. I love thunderstorms.
text: Another crash. Lying on her stomach, Penelope slowly starts
text: feeling something which makes her undulate. Bloom stares,
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: Whoa ha. Oh ho ho. Ohhhhhh whoooo
dialog: ha ha ha ha.
text: Beneath her, the train wheels rhythmically clack and vibrate
text: against the tracks. Another flash of lightening, the rain
dialog: falls harder.
text: Penelope writhes. Bloom silently shrinks back in terror.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: Oh hooooooooooo ha ha ha ha ha ha
dialog: ha oh my GOD, ha whoooo.. whee...
dialog: ha... hoo. I... am... so horny.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Nite.
text: The door to her car latches, and Bloom is gone.
scene_heading: 99 INT. SNACK CAR - NIGHT 99
text: Bloom sits drinking and playing cards with the Chink. He
text: spaces out, she snaps her fingers to wake him up.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: (playing a card)
dialog: That's the big 2.
scene_heading: 100 EXT. HUNGARIAN COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT 100
text: The train steams onward into the growing storm.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. CHARLES BRIDGE, PRAGUE - MORNING 101
text: Our intrepid four stroll the bridge, the city's castle
text: looming before them.
text: Penelope slumps pale faced in dark glasses.
dialog: 
dialog: 63
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: 101
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The last time I was in Prague, I
dialog: was in love.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What was she like?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Pale skin. Long feet. So.
text: He winks.
scene_heading: 102 INT. PRAGUE HOTEL ROOM - DAY 102
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (V.O.)
dialog: Bloom and I will secure us lodging,
text: The brothers set their suitcases on the beds. Bloom finds
text: the stack of bills in the green rubber band in his.
scene_heading: 103 INT. NATIONAL MUSEUM - DAY 103
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (V.O.)
dialog: Mrs. Yeungling will scout the
dialog: castle museum.
text: The Chink, in ridiculous tourist garb and a "PROPERTY OF KGB"
text: t-shirt, takes pictures with one of several cameras around
text: her neck.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. CHARLES BRIDGE, PRAGUE 104
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: You will go to the bank, that wire
dialog: should have cleared if you put it
dialog: in at Athens.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Cash?
scene_heading: 105 INT. PRAGUE BANK - DAY 105
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (V.O.)
dialog: Only movie thugs and Russians deal
dialog: in suitcases of cash. Draw a
dialog: certified check.
dialog: 64
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 105 CONTINUED: 105
text: A cashier hands over an elaborate check, which Penelope signs
text: and puts in an envelope.
scene_heading: 106 INT. APARTMENT STAIRCASE - DAY 106
text: A baroque spiral staircase, the spine of a high apartment
text: building. Our intrepid four ring the bell beside an
text: apartment door.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (FROM INSIDE)
dialog: Who the hell is that?! Who is it?!
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Candy-Gram. It's us, Max.
text: Stephen pushes open the door, and an instant later a SHOTGUN
text: BLAST takes out a chunk of the landing beside his head.
text: They all dive onto the floor, piling on top of each other.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (FROM INSIDE)
dialog: Who the hell are you, what do you
dialog: want, who the hell!!!!??
scene_heading: BLOOM STEPHEN
dialog: Max! Max! It's us, Bloom, Max! Max! It's Stephen and
dialog: Stephen, Jesus, Max, easy, Bloom, easy, whoa, Christ,
dialog: whoa! whoa now!
text: The Curator stands in the smoky apartment hallway, sloppily
text: draped in a ratty bathrobe, bottle in one hand and shotgun in
text: the other. He squints at them.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (cont'd)
dialog: Ah. Good morning. Come in. I
dialog: have been drinking.
scene_heading: 107 INT. THE CURATOR'S APARTMENT - LATER 107
text: A schematic of the castle laid on the kitchen table. The
text: Curator looks even worse in the light, red rimmed eyes, heavy
text: skin on his face.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Here, off the Basilica, are offices
dialog: of administration, and beneath
text: those, an otherwise inaccessible
dialog: section of catacombs. And the
dialog: book.
dialog: 65
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: 107
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Administrative offices. So how do
dialog: you steal the book?
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
text: The book is already stolen. The
dialog: stealing is in the bureaucracy, in
text: the filing, red tape. As far as
dialog: the museum is concerned, the book
dialog: does not exist. I am the curator,
text: I walk in, pinch the copy girl's
dialog: baboosh, put the book in a
text: briefcase and walk out. Tomorrow,
dialog: say, at two.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Today.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Today is not a good day.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Tomorrow. Now what about this
dialog: Argentinian.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: (blank, then realizes)
dialog: Ah, the Argentine? Senor Luise
dialog: Belguta Rioso. I get his file.
scene_heading: 108 INT. CURATORS APARTMENT BEDROOM - LATER 108
text: Penelope and Bloom wander into the bedroom, looking at an
text: array of beautiful paintings on the wall.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Gin is slow death, man.
text: Stephen and the Chink poke their heads in, leaving. The
text: Curator strolls in.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We'll see you back at the hotel.
dialog: (glances at the Curator)
dialog: Soon.
text: They go, leaving Bloom and Penelope, who squints at an
text: unframed oil on canvas, of a lonely stone well in a primeval
text: forest clearing. It sits at the foot of an unmade bed.
dialog: 
dialog: 66
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: From a private collection on the
dialog: island of Ikaria. That one.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Who painted it?
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Why is it the last thing you see
dialog: every night, and the first thing
dialog: you see every morning?
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: That's a story. You have a minute?
text: He closes the blinds and sits on a stool in front of the
text: painting. Setting the stage.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (cont'd)
dialog: My daughter travelled with me when
dialog: she was very young, and I'd show
dialog: her the places and the art, all the
dialog: most joyous and terrifying things
dialog: in the world.
text: Memories of his daughter's hand in his, flashing against the
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: I wanted that the world was alive
text: in the most fantastic way for her.
dialog: To built her a pair of wings. Make
dialog: these things real. But maybe more
dialog: than any other objet d'art, she
dialog: loved to hear she'd ask to hear the
text: story of the stone golem. From a
text: painting in a small private
dialog: collection on the island of Ikaria.
text: He motions to the painting, and we move into it. As he tells
text: the story the scenes are shown in the painting, just as still
text: images, which we move across like a picture book.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: Well Rachel, like most monsters the
text: Golem was once a human. A boy,
dialog: about your age.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 67
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: (2) 108
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: And one day the boy was walking
dialog: home, and he quarrelled, he fought,
dialog: with a good friend of his. They
dialog: got very angry and his friend
dialog: pushed him a certain way and the
text: boy fell and struck his head and
dialog: died. The boy's friend was very
text: sad but also very frightened. So
dialog: instead of telling the boy's
dialog: parents, he did something awful.
text: He pulled the body into a quarry, a
text: pit of broken rocks, and hid the
text: boy beneath a pile of large stones.
dialog: Well. Years went by, and the boy's
dialog: friend became a young man, and one
dialog: day while drinking in town (which
dialog: in his guilt he did quite a lot of)
dialog: he heard that a well was being
dialog: built near the forest... with the
text: stones from the quarry. He ran to
dialog: the quarry to find it nearly
dialog: empty... no stones, no body. He
text: ran to the well where the masons
dialog: were finishing their work. `Did
dialog: they find anything strange in the
dialog: quarry?' he asked, expecting, maybe
dialog: hoping they'd arrest him for the
dialog: awful crime on the spot. But no,
text: they said, motioning to the well.
dialog: Nothing strange. Just stones.
text: They left him alone there at the
text: well, and he stood looking into it
dialog: as the sun fell behind the
text: mountains and twilight set the
text: world in a deep, still silence.
text: The last image we land on is the well, alone in the clearing.
text: Its dark innards loom ominously in the long pregnant silence
dialog: that follows.
text: Then, with a piercing ROAR, a living monster of stone lunges
text: out of the well, animated and terrifying, grabs the friend by
text: the throat and with a crunching of bones and one last roar
text: pulls him back down into the depths of the well.
text: Silence again. We pull out of the painting, back to the
text: Curator, sitting very still.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (cont'd)
dialog: My daughter died nineteen years ago
dialog: today. She was six. She went out
dialog: to play one afternoon and vanished.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 68
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED: (3) 108
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (cont'd)
dialog: The next morning we found her, in a
text: stone well on a neighboring
dialog: property. I climbed down to her,
dialog: but slipped and broke my leg, and
dialog: while we waited for the rescue team
dialog: to pull us out she died in my arms.
dialog: If you've had a child... my whole
dialog: everything just focused down to one
dialog: thing, to hold her and make her
dialog: feel safe. But no matter what I
dialog: said to her, I couldn't stop her
text: shaking, crying. Her last moments
dialog: on this earth were filled with
text: terror. Of a stone golem.
text: He stands, opens the blinds, pours another drink.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (cont'd)
dialog: It was the first painting I
dialog: `acquired.' I keep it maybe hoping
dialog: some night the golem will come for
dialog: me.
scene_heading: 109 INT. APARTMENT STAIRCASE - MOMENTS LATER 109
text: Bloom trots out, ahead of Penelope.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Mademoiselle.
text: Bloom keeps going, anxious to leave, but Penelope lingers on
text: the staircase. The Curator comes out.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR (cont'd)
dialog: It is you I do business with, yes?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Right. Oh, right.
text: She gives him the envelope with the certified check. He
text: shakes her hand, then deftly adjusts his grip so that just
text: for a moment he holds her hand as you would hold a child's.
text: He lets go, and smiles apologetically.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: Au revoir.
dialog: 69
dialog: 
scene_heading: 110 EXT. PRAGUE STREETS - DAY 110
text: Penelope and Bloom stroll home in silence through crowded,
text: vibrant cobblestone streets.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: You aren't constipated. You're
dialog: scared. What are you scared of?
text: They walk on, suddenly somehow holding hands.
text: As they approach the hotel, Bloom deftly breaks their hand
text: holding off. Penelope notices why.
scene_heading: 111 INT. PRAGUE HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS 111
text: Stephen, up in the window watching them approach. He recedes
text: into the room.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. PRAGUE STREETS - NIGHT 112
text: The sun sets against the castle, taking us into night.
scene_heading: 113 INT. PRAGUE HOTEL BAR - NIGHT 113
text: Bloom drinks alone, sketching Penelope's face with a pencil.
text: A smell breaks his concentration.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: Diamond Dog, carrying a cup and a
dialog: cane.
text: Standing behind him, a soft old man in an ashy suit and
text: eyepatch. The DIAMOND DOG.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG
dialog: Bloom. How long has it been?
dialog: (sits, orders)
dialog: Tea.
dialog: (to Bloom)
dialog: Can you believe that? Tea? Been a
dialog: long while.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: If I call Stephen down he'll kill
dialog: you.
dialog: 70
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: 113
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG
dialog: Well then please don't call Stephen
dialog: down. Look at you, you're
dialog: terrified. C'mon now, look. Take
dialog: a look. I'm an old man with no
dialog: depth perception. You don't have
dialog: to be scared of me.
text: The Dog plays with a heavy gold lighter, making sparks.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG (cont'd)
dialog: It's been a funny thing, watching
dialog: you boys take what I taught you and
dialog: eclipse me. I'm so proud to be a
dialog: footnote in the lives of the
dialog: Brothers Bloom. And you hate me.
dialog: The curse of all bad fathers - that
dialog: my presence on this earth after I
dialog: die will not live on the lips of
text: admiring men, but will sink into
dialog: the murky backwaters of my
dialog: children's psyches.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Is this profundity? Cause you can
dialog: skip it.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG
dialog: Ha! Ha ha. Piss and vinegar.
text: The Dog scoots next to Bloom.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG (cont'd)
dialog: When I first took you boys in,
dialog: showed you the ropes, haunting St.
dialog: Pete's, piss and vinegar. I still
dialog: crave that youthful joy. Even
dialog: today.
text: The Dog's hand touches Bloom's leg. There is something
dialog: horrible about this.
text: Beneath the bar, Bloom grips the sharp pencil like a knife.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Don't touch me.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG
dialog: You probably won't believe I loved
dialog: you boys very much.
dialog: 
dialog: 71
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 113 CONTINUED: (2) 113
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You're going to take your hand away
dialog: or I'm going to break your arm,
dialog: there's nothing between.
text: He does, but Bloom's fingers don't loosen on the pencil.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG
dialog: But love, you know. We know, folks
dialog: like us, you can always blink and
dialog: realize that it's a fiction, and
dialog: like Peter walking on water or
text: Wiley Coyote running off a cliff,
dialog: if you look down in doubt you'll
dialog: fall. That's the price of our
dialog: lives, the wax in our wings. One
dialog: day Stephen's going to fall. It
dialog: may be glorious, but he's going to
dialog: fall hard and he won't be there to
dialog: tell you what to do and protect
dialog: you. When he's gone, remember me.
text: The Dog has moved in very close to Bloom, his breath hot on
text: his face, and his hand comes to rest fully on Bloom's leg.
text: Bloom's hand with the pencil quivers, about to strike-
text: When Bloom is pulled from the bar stool by a heavy hand.
text: Stephen, his eyes burning through the Dog.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG (cont'd)
dialog: Hello Stephen.
text: Stephen smashes a bottle from the bar and slashes it across
text: the Dog's hand.
text: Waiters and porters tackle him, the Dog howls, holding his
text: bleeding hand. Bloom stands numb, and puts the pencil in his
dialog: pocket.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. PRAGUE HOTEL - NIGHT 114
text: Bloom watches the Dog get into a waiting black Mercedes. For
text: an instant the car's interior light shows an 11 year old boy
text: behind the tinted glass, as the Dog slides in and puts his
text: arm around him.
text: The Mercedes drives off.
dialog: 72
dialog: 
scene_heading: 115 EXT. PRAGUE STREETS - NIGHT 115
text: Right in front of the hotel, on the water. Bloom sips coffee
text: from a china cup, spinning a paper in his hands. Stephen
text: joins him, with a matching cup.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I'm sorry I wasn't there.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You can't always be there.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No, I guess can't.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: That was a real tonal shift. The
dialog: Curator's tale.
text: On one side of the paper is the sketch of Penelope, on the
text: other is the con flowchart. "#12 - The Curator's Tale."
dialog: "#14 - Castle Break-In."
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I'm a big fan of tonal shifts. I
dialog: didn't write it for him, though.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: He made it up on the spot?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I don't know.
scene_heading: 116 INT. BLOOM'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 116
text: Bloom flops into bed. He turns and looks at the wall.
text: Right on the other side of it...
scene_heading: 117 INT. PENELOPE'S HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS 117
text: Penelope lies in bed, looking at the wall also. She closes
text: her eyes.
dialog: 73
dialog: 
scene_heading: 118 INT. BLOOM'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 118
text: Bloom's breathing slows. He closes his eyes.
text: A beat. Then light snoring breaks the silence, coming
text: through the wall. Penelope snoring.
text: Bloom smiles slightly. What a cute snore.
text: The snoring deepens slightly.
text: The clock on the wall advances from 1:30am to 5:50am, and
text: through the window the horizon glows with the approach of
dialog: dawn.
text: Bloom lies wide awake on his back, red rimmed eyes wide open,
text: the guttural snoring ringing in his ears.
scene_heading: 119 INT. APARTMENT STAIRCASE - MORNING 119
text: Our four at the Curator's door. Bloom knocks, and they all
text: step judiciously back. No response.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Max?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: We're a little early...
scene_heading: 120 INT. THE CURATOR'S APARMENT - MORNING 120
text: Still and silent in the breaking light of morning.
text: And totally empty. Picked clean down to the bare walls.
text: The only thing left in the apartment is the painting of the
text: well... broken on the floor.
text: Our intrepid four stand in various states of thoughtfulness.
text: Penelope stares at the painting, Bloom at the window.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: The Golem came for him. In my
text: dream. Crawled out of the painting
dialog: and killed him in a horrible way.
dialog: 74
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 120 CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Well at least he had the decency to
dialog: just skip out on us, not do
dialog: something tacky like fake his own
dialog: death.
text: Poking around the room, Bloom opens a closet. The Curator
text: stands pressed against the back wall in his pajamas.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: You're a little early.
text: Bloom quickly closes it.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I don't get it. If he was
dialog: hightailing it he could have waited
dialog: eight hours till we traded the
dialog: million for the book, and had some
dialog: traveling money. Well. Back to
dialog: antiquing. Nothing gained, nothing
dialog: lost.
dialog: (to Penelope)
dialog: And you got to see Prague, which is
dialog: nice.
text: Penelope's eyes widen with realization.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You should stay in the city for
dialog: awhile, they have these amazing
dialog: puppet show opera things-
text: But Stephen raises a hand to shut him up.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Oh?
scene_heading: 121 EXT. SIDEWALK BAR - DAY 121
text: Several empty glasses of wine, one full one in Penelope's
text: hand. All heads are slumped.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: 75
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: It's my fault. I can't believe I
dialog: left you alone with him.
text: The Chink hands Stephen a piece of paper. He glances at it.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The check was cashed yesterday
dialog: afternoon, he'd have deposited it
dialog: in a Swiss account. I'm sorry Pen.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What a waste.
text: Bloom puts his hand on her arm, sympathetic.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: That poor man. What a waste.
text: Bloom's expression turns quizzical.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: That poor Argentina man. He'll
dialog: never see the book now, it'll just
dialog: rot in the catacombs. What a
dialog: waste.
text: When Penelope lifts her suddenly brightened eyes in a moment
text: of divine inspiration, Bloom meets her gaze with fear.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. CHARLES BRIDGE, PRAGUE - DAY 122
text: Bloom paces, Penelope looks up at the castle with binoculars.
text: The Chink and Stephen stand by.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: No. No no. Can't you see what
dialog: happened here, there is no book,
dialog: we've been swindled -
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: But maybe there is, maybe it's
dialog: real, we don't know!
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: It's not real, it's a con.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: It's my money, I'm going to find
dialog: out for sure. He gave us every
dialog: piece of information we need.
dialog: 
dialog: 76
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 122
text: She spreads the castle floor plan out on a bench.
text: Bloom turns to Stephen and the Chink with a "this is crazy
text: right?" expression and gesture. They give him nothing back.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We'd need to clear the
dialog: administrative offices. Some sort
dialog: of disruption.
text: The Chink strokes her chin in mock-thoughtfulness.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: (to Bloom)
dialog: C'mon. Help me break into this
dialog: castle. It'll be fun.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. FIELD - DAY 123
text: A Barbie Doll set up in the middle of the field explodes in a
text: theatrical plume of fire.
text: Several others follow suit.
text: The Chink pops up from behind a mound of dirt in her aviator
text: goggles, cigarette dangling from her lip. She leans on a
text: detonator plunger.
text: Bloom, Stephen and Penelope crouch nearby, watching her work.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: She's an artist with nitroglycerin.
dialog: It's kind of her thing.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I feel like I want to know more
dialog: about her.
scene_heading: BLOOM STEPHEN
dialog: Yeah. Yeah.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Check the tat.
text: On the back of the Chink's neck, a few finely scripted lines
dialog: of Chinese.
dialog: 77
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: 123
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
text: An inky wisp of personal
dialog: information. We transcribed it,
dialog: brought it into a Chinese
dialog: restaurant.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What's it say?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: The literal translation is
dialog: something about water cranes, but
dialog: essentially it means "When you're
dialog: done with something, blow it up."
scene_heading: 124 INT. PENELOPE'S PRAGUE HOTEL ROOM - EVENING 124
text: The Chink lies on the floor with Penelope, showing her how to
text: build a tiny remotely detonated bomb. She slices a tiny bit
text: off a brick of dynamite, sets it in a petri dish with a
text: detonator, and puts the whole thing in a handbag.
text: Penelope appreciates her.
text: Bloom and Stephen hunker over the castle floorplan.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: There's a smoke detector in these
text: empty rooms in the east tower. So
dialog: we plant and set off a tiny -
dialog: (to the Chink)
text: TINY tiny, tiny charge.
text: The Chink clicks a seemingly innocent ballpoint pen. With a
text: BEEP, a tiny poof of fire plumes from the handbag setting it
text: on fire, and the smoke rises to the ceiling.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
text: Fire drill ensues, offices empty,
dialog: and you'll have exactly four and a
dialog: half minutes to get through the
text: access hatch, into the catacombs,
dialog: get the book and get out before the
text: fire department arrives.
text: Penelope and the Chink do their elaborate handshake, and she
text: gives Stephen and Bloom a finger snap thumbs up.
dialog: 78
dialog: 
scene_heading: 125 INT. PENELOPE'S HOTEL ROOM - LATER 125
text: Bloom and Penelope, up late at the table. Going over the
text: floorplan one more time.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: So straight down the corridor,
dialog: again, tell me where.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Second left, third right, access
dialog: hatch behind the copier, I need to
dialog: sleeeeeeep...
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: The abort code if we need to abort
text: is "corned beef." For some reason.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Bloom, I need to sleep.
text: He folds up the plans, she wraps up the brick of dynamite and
text: bomb components and spots a black leather backpack beside an
text: open handbag on the table.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: Is this Yeungling's backpack?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah.
text: She gently puts the brick of stabilized nitroglycerin inside
text: the front zipper compartment, and sets the tiny petri-dish
text: bomb beside the handbag.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: You know what I feel?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Horny?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Scared. All my big talk. But this
dialog: isn't a story, it's real. Fuckin
dialog: scary.
text: She kisses him. He kisses her back.
dialog: 79
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
text: The pure whole hearted sensuality with which they attack each
text: other and the deluge of almost child-like need let loose in
text: this one simple act quickly reaches a point where as a viewer
text: we no longer feel comfortable intruding with our gaze.
text: Fifteen seconds after this point, we FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. PRAGUE - DAWN 126
text: The sun arcs into the sky above the castle.
scene_heading: 127 INT. PENELOPE'S PRAGUE HOTEL ROOM - DAWN 127
text: Bloom half wakes.
text: Across the landscape of the bed, Penelope sleeps. Sunlight
text: on her body and her sleeping face.
text: Distant KNOCKING. From the next room over.
text: Bloom's eyes snap open. He scampers.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. PRAGUE HOTEL WINDOW LEDGE - DAWN CONTINUOUS 128
text: In his boxers, holding trousers and shirt in his teeth, Bloom
text: swings over the ledge from Penelope's window into his.
scene_heading: 129 INT. BLOOM'S PRAGUE HOTEL ROOM - DAWN CONTINUOUS 129
text: He opens the door for Stephen, who regards him narrowly.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Ready?
scene_heading: 130 INT. PENELOPE'S PRAGUE HOTEL ROOM - MORNING 130
text: The Chink picks up the backpack, handbag and petri dish bomb.
scene_heading: 131 INT. PENELOPE'S PRAGUE HOTEL ROOM - MORNING 131
text: Penelope folds a plastic bag and puts it under her jacket.
scene_heading: 132 EXT. CASTLE ADJACENT STREETS - DAY 132
text: A little alcove with a good view of the castle.
dialog: 
dialog: 80
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: 132
text: Stephen trains his gaze on one set of windows high in the
text: Eastern tower. Bloom paces.
scene_heading: 133 INT. EASTERN TOWER ROOM - CONTINUOUS 133
text: An empty storage room, half under construction. The Chink
text: walks in, wearing the backpack and carrying the handbag. She
text: goes straight for a spot just under a smoke detector.
scene_heading: 134 EXT. CASTLE ADJACENT STREETS - CONTINUOUS 134
text: Stephen, Bloom and Penelope are joined by the Chink.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Ok.
text: He looks through his binoculars again.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Alright?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Ok.
text: They share a brief moment with their eyes, and Penelope trots
text: off. The Chink caught it. She looks at Bloom slyly.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: For the record, I'm still against
dialog: this. Why send her in alone?
text: The Chink finds a way to casually smell Bloom's fingers.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Because going in alone is a very
dialog: important thing to do. She's
dialog: walking into a zero security
dialog: tourism office during a fire drill
dialog: and taking a five hundred dollar
dialog: manuscript replica from a utility
dialog: crawlspace. Worst case scenario, a
text: file clerk asks if she's lost.
dialog: Which isn't even going to happen.
dialog: (to the Chink)
text: She's in position.
text: He spots Penelope casually waiting beside an unmarked door.
text: Bloom notices the Chink looking at him with a knowing grin.
text: She mimes sealing her lips and tossing the key.
dialog: 81
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 134 CONTINUED: 134
text: She then takes the ballpoint pen detonator... out of the
text: handbag dangling at her hip.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: Cause nobody's going to know we
dialog: were ever here.
text: Bloom spots the handbag. Something's not right.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Uh-
text: The Chink clicks the pen.
scene_heading: 135 INT. EASTERN TOWER ROOM - CONTINUOUS 135
text: The black backpack, sitting under the smoke alarm, beeps.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. CASTLE ADJACENT STREETS - CONTINUOUS 136
text: A THUNDEROUS EXPLOSION blows a massive ten foot wide chunk
text: out of the side of the Eastern tower, spewing a painfully
text: dramatic ball of fire and debris.
text: Screams. Shouts. Panic.
text: Our three look up at the tower, agape.
speaker_heading: THE CHINK
dialog: Fuck me.
text: Bloom grabs the binoculars from Stephen, looks for Penelope.
scene_heading: 137 EXT. CASTLE COURTYARD - DAY 137
text: Panicked tourists stumble away from the descending dust.
text: Penelope sees what's happened, but holds her ground.
text: The unmarked door opens, and a dozen business people pour
dialog: out.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. CASTLE ADJACENT STREETS - DAY 138
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Don't do it don't do it Penelope
dialog: don't-
dialog: 
dialog: 82
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 138 CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: They're locking down the castle,
dialog: she won't get in.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. CASTLE COURTYARD - DAY 139
text: She takes a step towards the door.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. CASTLE ADJACENT STREETS - DAY 140
text: Bloom drops the binoculars and sprints.
scene_heading: 141 EXT. CASTLE COURTYARD - DAY 141
text: A burly SECURITY GUARD trots across the courtyard, herding
text: tourists and smoking a cigar.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: To ze back, no panic, to ze back...
text: He blocks the office door, and sets his cigar down for a
text: moment. Penelope spots it.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. CASTLE ADJACENT STREETS - DAY 142
text: Bloom nears the courtyard, sees Penelope up ahead.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Pen! Don't - abort! Corned beef!
dialog: Corned beef!
scene_heading: 143 EXT. CASTLE COURTYARD - DAY 143
text: Penelope deftly spins the cigar 180 degrees.
text: The Guard absently picks it up and puts it back in his mouth,
text: fire-side first. He howls, doubles over.
text: She dashes into the door.
text: Bloom bursts out of the crowd and lunges for the door, but a
text: SECOND SECURITY GUARD stops him.
text: Dozens more security guards swarm in. Overhead, an army
text: helicopter buzzes by. Bloom stares into the doorway,
text: helpless and scared.
dialog: 83
dialog: 
scene_heading: 144 INT. TOURISM OFFICE HALLWAYS - DAY 144
text: Water rains down from the ceiling sprinklers. Penelope
text: weaves through the halls.
scene_heading: 145 INT. COPY ROOM - DAY 145
text: Cramped, ill lit, and with its own sprinkler.
text: Penelope dashes in, shoulders the massive cold war era copy
text: machine and with a Herculean effort pulls it away from the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I'm in Prague. I burned a man's
text: lips off to break into a castle in
dialog: Prague.
text: Revealing an access hatch.
scene_heading: 146 INT. CRAWLSPACE 146
text: Tiny, earthy. Penelope shuts the hatch behind her.
text: Light from a barred window illuminates a rectangular shape
text: lying on a stone slab. Penelope approaches the small BOOK OF
text: HOURS reverently.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. CHARLES BRIDGE - DAY 147
text: A full view of the castle reveals just about the worst case
text: scenario. The entire area swarms with army helicopters and
text: tanks, soldiers with rifles, yellow tape, news crews.
text: Stephen, Bloom and the Chink sit behind the police line on
text: the bridge with the rest of the crowds. Heads in their
dialog: hands.
scene_heading: 148 INT. CRAWLSPACE 148
text: Penelope is broken out of her stupor by heavy footsteps all
text: around her, soldiers searching the castle.
text: Voices right outside the hatch. She slides the wimpy little
text: bolt shut. It rattles.
text: She looks up - a moldy vent in the muddy ceiling.
dialog: 84
dialog: 
scene_heading: 149 EXT. CHARLES BRIDGE - DAY 149
text: Bloom suddenly stands.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Wait. Wait, we're fine. She's
dialog: fine. If the soldiers find her
dialog: wandering the halls they'll assume
dialog: she's a clerk, they'll just shoo
dialog: her out. So as long as she doesn't
dialog: do anything suspicious, she's fine.
scene_heading: 150 INT. VENTILATION DUCT 150
text: Penelope wriggles on her belly through a tin ventilation duct
text: barely big enough for her. The book, encased in the plastic
text: bag, hangs from her teeth.
text: Sounds of soldiers searching the offices come from below her.
text: Up ahead she sees a point of light. With a gleeful grunt she
text: shimmies faster - she's nearly made it!
scene_heading: 151 INT. TOURISM OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 151
text: A dozen SOLDIERS and the CHIEF OF POLICE have their eyes (and
text: guns) trained on the tin ventilation duct above their heads.
text: It is very very obvious not only that a person is crawling
text: through it, but exactly where that person is.
text: The Chief of Police pointedly coughs to get her attention.
scene_heading: 152 INT. VENTILATION DUCT 152
text: Penelope freezes. A beat of silence.
text: The tin gives way, and she plummets...
scene_heading: 153 INT. TOURISM OFFICE - DAY 153
text: ...hitting the ground hard, then springing to her feet and
text: through some knee-jerk primal instinct kicking a nearby
text: soldier in the head.
text: Eleven rifles cock and aim at her.
dialog: 85
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 153 CONTINUED: 153
text: And that's how she's caught, frozen in a kung fu stance,
text: plastic bag in her teeth.
text: She locks eyes with the Chief of Police. Lets the bag drop
text: from her teeth.
text: And opens her mouth to speak.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. CHARLES BRIDGE - AFTERNOON 154
text: The hubbub has died down considerably, soldiers march away
text: from the castle in formation. Bloom Stephen and the Chink
text: sit watching for some sign.
text: Three police cars, sirens blazing, drive down the length of
dialog: the bridge.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: The Chief of Police.
text: As the last one passes, Bloom sees the Chief of Police riding
text: shotgun, and Penelope sitting with a soldier behind caged
text: mesh in the back seat.
text: His face falls.
text: Then Penelope spots him, points and says something.
text: Very suddenly, the police car stops.
text: The Chief of Police gets out. Nods at our intrepid three.
text: And opens the door for Penelope. As she climbs out he
text: motions for the passing soldiers to stand at attention and
dialog: salute her.
text: He kisses her hand.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: (in Czech)
dialog: It has been a privilege, madame, to
dialog: behold even briefly such a strong,
text: beautiful flower.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: (in Czech)
dialog: Thank you sir, I will not soon
dialog: forget your kindness.
text: She blushes and smiles, then does an unhurried victory strut
text: back to Bloom, Stephen and the Chink.
dialog: 
dialog: 86
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 154 CONTINUED: 154
text: The police cars drive off.
text: Penelope pulls the book out from under her jacket and sets it
text: on a bench. A moment of victorious silence.
text: Clapping her hands, she does a little shuffle dance of joy.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: (sings)
dialog: We're a band of smugglers hey,
dialog: la la la la la,
dialog: we smuggle by night, drink by day,
dialog: smugglers ho, ho ho...
dialog: Everybody!
scene_heading: 155 EXT. SIDEWALK BAR - LATE AFTERNOON 155
text: Bloom and Stephen sit among empty wine glasses.
text: The Chink approaches, gives Stephen a hand gesture.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Let her sleep. Train doesn't leave
dialog: till eight.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: That was real.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Yeah, I know.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Fuckin scary.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. PARK - LATE AFTERNOON 156
text: Bloom walks pensively through a green park. Cat Stevens'
text: "Miles from Nowhere" plays from a nearby radio.
text: His eye catches something. A shiny red apple on a fruit
text: seller's cart.
text: He approaches it slowly, face flushed, breath shallow, eyeing
text: the elderly vendor with a thin semblance of nonchalance.
dialog: Holy shit. He is going to steal that apple.
text: Deftly he passes, lifting and pocketing it just as the Vendor
text: turns away. Bloom has done it. His pale face tightens.
dialog: 
dialog: 87
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 156 CONTINUED: 156
dialog: And turns.
text: And sees a five year old boy. Giving him a stare of infinite
dialog: judgement.
text: Bloom turns on his heel and RUNS HELL FOR LEATHER.
text: The vendor shouts. The little boy chases him, pointing and
text: screaming. Dogs bark. People stare. And Bloom sprints,
text: apple in hand, a joyful smile forming on his lips.
scene_heading: 157 INT. PRAGUE POLICE STATION - EVENING 157
text: Stephen bails Bloom out.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: An apple?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah, but it was part of an
dialog: epiphany.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. HUNGARIAN COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT 158
text: The train thunders South, towards Greece.
scene_heading: 159 INT. TRAIN SLEEPER CAR - NIGHT 159
text: Stephen pokes his head into Penelope's car, says goodnight.
text: As soon as he's gone, a foot dangles down outside the window
text: and taps it. Penelope pulls it open, Bloom shimmies in with
text: two mini bottles of gin.
text: He kisses her.
scene_heading: 160 INT. SHIP STATE ROOM - MORNING 160
text: Bloom holds a sleeping Penelope, watching the sun stream
text: through the window and slipping the green rubber band cash
text: into her suitcase.
text: A low horn blows, and Bloom's face darkens.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. THE ATLANTIC OCEAN - DAY 161
text: The good ship Fidele breaks the waves, blowing its horn.
dialog: 
dialog: 88
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 161 CONTINUED: 161
text: Stephen stands on the deck. Bloom joins him.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Mexico.
text: He strolls off, leaving Bloom watching the horizon gloomily.
scene_heading: 162 EXT. DECK - DAY 162
text: Our intrepid four sit around a small table (except for the
text: Chink, who lies on a deck chair in a bikini and Chuck
text: Taylors, sunning herself.)
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Oh-kay. We're rendezvousing with
dialog: Senor Rioso's guys here, on an
text: isolated beach just south of the
dialog: Mexican port town Tampico. A
text: simple handoff. Penelope and
dialog: Yeungling will stay with the car,
dialog: Bloom and I will do the handing.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: You guys seem a little tense.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Well I'm not thrilled they set this
dialog: in Mexico. There could be
dialog: legitimate reasons, but Mexico's -
dialog: and I don't want to simplistically
dialog: vilify an entire country, but
dialog: Mexico's a horrible place. So
dialog: we'll be careful.
scene_heading: 163 EXT. MEXICO BEACH - LATE AFTERNOON 163
text: The Chink fires an automatic pistol eight times into the dead
text: center of a target pinned to a palm tree. She re-loads.
scene_heading: 164 EXT. TAMPICO HOTEL GROUNDS - CONTINUOUS 164
text: The beach sprawling below them, Penelope and Bloom meander.
text: The hotel itself feels very old, red ruinous stone.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Is this going to be more dangerous
dialog: than I think, tomorrow?
dialog: 
dialog: 89
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 164 CONTINUED: 164
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah. You should sleep at the
dialog: hotel tonight, I'll stay with
dialog: Stephen at the beach house. You'll
dialog: need sleep.
text: On the distant beach, following the faint rapport of gunfire,
text: a palm tree falls over.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I'm really happy right now. Are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Right now I am.
text: She kisses him and runs off along the cliff side, singing the
dialog: smuggler song.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Penelope...
text: But she's too far away now, and the ocean is too loud. She
text: can't hear him, and he can't hear her, and in another moment
text: she has vanishes into the green brush and white flowers.
text: Behind Bloom's pained face, the sun dips towards the beach.
scene_heading: 165 INT. BEACH HOUSE - NIGHT 165
text: Stephen packs for tomorrow, Bloom stares out the black
text: window, drinking. Flower in his lapel.
text: Stephen picks up the con flowchart.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The last box in our last con. Let
dialog: them begin the beguine. How's it
dialog: feel?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: She's something special, Stephen.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Can I...
text: He stares at his drink.
dialog: 
dialog: 90
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: 165
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Can I just have a little more time?
dialog: Just a few days. I want to keep
dialog: her, like this, I don't want this
dialog: to just end. Don't make me do
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Be angry at me, you son of a bitch.
dialog: Don't be pathetic. Make you?
dialog: Jesus. I told you not to fall for
dialog: her-
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I'm not gonna do this.
text: Stephen comes very close to Bloom's face, looks him straight
text: in the eye. Finds his answer.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I don't believe you.
text: He goes back to packing.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. TAMPICO HOTEL GROUNDS - NIGHT 166
text: Bloom stands, the beach behind him, the glowing lights of the
text: hotel before him. Growing determination.
scene_heading: 167 EXT. HOTEL HALLWAY - NIGHT 167
text: Bloom knocks on a door. Penelope answers, in her bathrobe.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I know what I've gotta do. I've
dialog: gotta talk to you. Are you wearing
dialog: shoes?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What's up?
text: He pulls her out of the room.
scene_heading: 168 INT. TAMPICO HOTEL GROUNDS - NIGHT 168
text: Bloom pulls Penelope by the hand, but she stops.
dialog: 
dialog: 91
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 168 CONTINUED: 168
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Bloom. What?
text: Deep breath.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: My brother and I are con men. All
dialog: things considered, we might be the
dialog: most respected con man team working
dialog: today. And everything since you
dialog: hit me with your Lamborghini, all
dialog: of this, it's all fake. It's all a
dialog: con.
scene_heading: 169 EXT. BEACH - NIGHT 169
text: The waves break angrily on the beach. In the distance,
text: Stephen finishes his drink on the beach house porch, goes
text: inside and turns out the light.
scene_heading: 170 EXT. TAMPICO HOTEL GROUNDS - NIGHT 170
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: No, we were going to blow you off
dialog: tomorrow using the cackle bladder,
dialog: it's a, term, we have actors
dialog: playing the Argentina guy's men,
dialog: when we showed up the deal would go
dialog: bad, they would open fire on us,
dialog: Stephen and I would pretend to be
text: shot using blood packets, squibs.
dialog: That's - cackle bladder, in the old
dialog: days they put fake blood in chicken
dialog: bladders, so... So you'd escape
dialog: with the Chink, she'd send you off
dialog: with a little travelling money and
dialog: that would be that.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: But that's not how this one's going
dialog: to end. I love you now, and I want
dialog: to get you out of this. I'm going
dialog: to do what I have to do to get you
dialog: out of this, away from all this for
dialog: good. Are you ready?
dialog: 92
dialog: 
scene_heading: 171 EXT. BEACH - NIGHT 171
text: Bloom leads Penelope down the beach by the hand.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Stephen's gone into town to prep
dialog: the Argentina actors. Your money's
text: at his place.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Money? I don't want the money,
dialog: let's just leave.
text: For a moment he's tempted. The dark beach house looms ahead.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: C'mon.
scene_heading: 172 INT. BEACH HOUSE - NIGHT 172
text: Dark. Bloom leads Penelope in, stumbles in the dark,
text: switches on a lamp. Click, click - it doesn't come on.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (O.S.)
dialog: You have to switch it on at the
dialog: base.
text: A beat. Bloom does.
text: Stephen sits in an easy chair, not looking happy. But not
text: angry. Much more sad than angry.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: So I've told her our whole play.
dialog: And I'm here. To take her money
dialog: back. How's that make you feel?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Disappointed.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: This isn't the ending you wanted?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: It doesn't matter now. This is the
dialog: way it ends. So let's get it over
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Where's the money?
dialog: 
dialog: 93
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 172 CONTINUED: 172
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I ate it.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Give me the money, Stephen.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I don't want the money.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: He's not going to keep a single
dialog: piece of you.
text: Stephen stands.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I'm sorry you fell in love with
dialog: her. But she's a mark. And all of
dialog: this, all of it is a con. Every
dialog: moment you shared with her, you
dialog: were just playing the part of a man
dialog: falling in love. That's what
dialog: you're afraid of, right? That you
dialog: don't know the difference? Or
dialog: maybe that there is no difference.
dialog: That that's what love is.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: We're leaving.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: (to Bloom)
dialog: No. You're too scared to leave.
dialog: You're scared to ride off into a
dialog: sunset that isn't painted
dialog: tarpaulin, cause real sunsets are
text: beautiful but they turn into dark
dialog: uncertain nights. If you were
dialog: ready for that, you wouldn't be
dialog: here. The money is in my bedroom.
dialog: Right behind me. But in my story
dialog: you don't get the money or the
dialog: sunset or the girl.
text: A long beat. The dark bedroom doorway looms behind Stephen.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Bloom. Let's just go. Please.
dialog: 
dialog: 94
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 172 CONTINUED: (2) 172
text: Bloom LUNGES, cracking Stephen in the jaw.
text: Stephen goes down, Bloom leaps past him - but Stephen grabs
text: Bloom's leg and brings him down.
text: Then they are fighting. Penelope watches, horrified.
text: A frightening, brutal brawl that tears the small beach house
text: apart, thirty years worth of a fight.
text: Until Stephen throws Bloom to the ground at Penelope's feet.
text: Upsetting a small table. The Chink's pistol, lying on the
text: holey paper target, falls and strikes the ground.
text: And goes off with a deafening rapport.
text: Blood spreads just beneath Stephen's collarbone.
text: Penelope screams.
text: Stephen stays standing for a moment, shocked. A dribble of
text: blood out of the corner of his mouth. He half grins.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: Tastes like tin foil.
text: And sinks to the ground.
text: Bloom's eyes glaze. He crawls to his brother. Takes him in
text: his arms.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Penelope watches the brothers holding each other. Tears in
text: her eyes, but she backs away a step, very conscious of not
dialog: being a part of this moment.
text: Bloom looks up at her, almost taking a moment to recognize
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Bloom...
text: He doesn't move from his brother.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: She leaves.
dialog: 95
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 172 CONTINUED: (3) 172
text: For a long moment the Brothers Bloom lie in each other's arms
text: in the middle of the broken room.
text: Then Bloom stands, goes to the window and watches Penelope
text: walking off into the distance down the beach.
text: From the darkened bedroom doorway steps the Chink, her face a
dialog: mask.
text: Stephen stands. Lifts his shirt and removes the squib and
dialog: blood packets.
text: Bloom steps outside.
scene_heading: 173 EXT. BEACH HOUSE - NIGHT 173
text: A wood patio with steps leading down to the sand. Bloom
text: watches Penelope, now very distant, almost gone.
text: Stephen comes out, pulls out a flask.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Hey.
dialog: (nothing)
dialog: I think that was the most honest
dialog: conversation we've ever had.
dialog: (more nothing)
dialog: You actually connected on a few of
dialog: those punches.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Did you expect me to do it? To
dialog: come here tonight, end it the way
dialog: you wrote it? Or were you really
dialog: disappointed I didn't run off with
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I was disappointed. But I wasn't
dialog: surprised.
text: Bloom turns and SLUGS him in the jaw. Stephen falls to the
dialog: sand.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I let you do your monologue, but
dialog: you wanna know why I did it? I did
dialog: it so she'd never want to see me
dialog: again. To get her away from all
dialog: this for good.
dialog: 
dialog: 96
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 173 CONTINUED: 173
text: Without looking back Bloom walks off down the beach, in the
text: opposite direction of Penelope, leaving Stephen bleeding in
text: the sand, alone in the dark uncertain night.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD - 3 months later.
scene_heading: 174 EXT. LUDICROUS MANSION - DAY 174
text: Penelope's home, bucolic on a lazy Spring day.
text: At a picnic table at the far edge of the front lawn, Penelope
text: sits writing with intense concentration on a piece of paper.
text: After awhile she raises her head, regarding what she's
text: written thoughtfully. Folds it up, puts it in her pocket.
text: Clicks the seemingly innocent ballpoint pen.
speaker_heading: BEEP.
text: The mansion EXPLODES, completely.
text: She walks away without looking back.
text: After a beat, the plaster deer explodes in a ridiculous
text: fireball.
scene_heading: 175 EXT. ITALIAN COUNTRYSIDE - DAY 175
text: Green hills surround the walled medieval city of Ferentino.
text: A tiny white car inches its way across the countryside, and
text: up into the city.
scene_heading: 176 EXT. FERENTINO APARTMENT - DAY 176
text: Bloom walks up the stone alley to his apartment, a bag of
text: groceries in hand. He spots the white car parked out front.
text: Loud shouting in Italian grows louder, until Penelope and the
text: Grandmother burst out the front door. Berating each other
text: with Italian curses and hand gestures.
text: Penelope sees Bloom, and freezes.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Hello.
dialog: 97
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 176 CONTINUED: 176
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Hey.
text: The Grandmother keeps up her barrage as she takes the
text: groceries from Bloom, but as soon as she's behind Penelope's
text: back she gives Bloom a wink, points to her and gives a thumbs-
dialog: up of approval.
scene_heading: 177 EXT. FERENTINO STREETS - DAY 177
text: Bloom and Penelope wander the twisty alleyways of the city.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: How did you find me?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: The Chink.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: How did you find the Chink?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: She gave me her cell when we got to
dialog: Mexico.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I didn't even know she had one.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I think she's kind of selective in
text: who she gives the number to.
scene_heading: 178 EXT. FERENTINO CAFE - LATER 178
text: They sit with wine and bread.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Why are you here, Penelope?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Why did you decide to stay with
dialog: your brother instead of coming with
dialog: me in Mexico?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Everything Stephen said that night
dialog: was true.
dialog: 98
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 178 CONTINUED: 178
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I've been doing a lot of thinking
dialog: the past three months. I want you
dialog: to consider something.
text: She takes a piece of paper from her pocket, unfolds it and
text: slides it across the table to him.
text: On it, written over and over in a dozen different stylized
text: fonts, is "PENELOPE THE CON ARTIST."
text: Bloom sets the paper down with a snap.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Go away. Everything Stephen said
dialog: was true. I was just playing you
dialog: as a mark. Everything between us,
dialog: none of it was real.
text: She leans in close to him, her hand on his leg.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I don't believe you.
text: It's obvious even before she kisses him that she's right.
scene_heading: 179 EXT. FERENTINO STREETS - DAY 179
text: Bloom dials a pay phone. He's been crying. It rings.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Pick up... c'mon...
scene_heading: 180 INT. MONTE CARLO CASINO - CONTINUOUS 180
text: Lush, Edwardian. In a private room, a card table is
text: overturned. Stephen lies on the ground in a defensive
text: posture, a RAVISHING WOMAN in red lunging at him with a
text: curved dagger. A BEARDED MAN with an eyepatch holds her back
text: by the wrists, while a MONOCLED MAN in an antique wheelchair
text: holds his tear stained face in his hands.
text: This whole scene is frozen like a tableau, as Stephen's cell
text: phone chirps away.
text: Annoyed, the Bearded Man gives him a `go ahead' nod.
text: Stephen hastily answers it.
dialog: 
dialog: 99
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 180 CONTINUED: 180
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: 181 EXT. FERENTINO STREETS - CONTINUOUS 181
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: How quickly can you get to
dialog: Ferentino?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (ON PHONE)
dialog: Uh... Nine-ish?
text: Bloom fishes out his pocket watch.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Alright.
text: Click. As he's putting his pocket watch back, he finds the
text: stack of green rubber band money in his breast pocket.
scene_heading: 182 INT. FERENTINO APARTMENT - NIGHT 182
text: Penelope plays cards with the Grandmother.
scene_heading: 183 EXT. FERENTINO APARTMENT - NIGHT 183
text: Stephen and Bloom sit on the little landing outside the
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: So she comes back wanting to work
dialog: with us. Honestly? I think we'd
dialog: be lucky to have her. If you
dialog: called me to hear my opinion on the
dialog: matter. Which I'm getting the
dialog: feeling you didn't.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I did what I did in Mexico to get
dialog: her out of all this. I would rather
dialog: die than bring her into the con.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: So maybe you want to tell me what
dialog: I'm doing in Ferentino.
dialog: 100
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 183 CONTINUED: 183
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You knew she'd come back. What did
dialog: you figure she was good for,
dialog: another million?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: One point seven five.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: We will play her again, one last
dialog: con, but not for money. I'm gonna
dialog: tell you how this one's gonna end.
dialog: You built us into this, you're
dialog: gonna fly us out, end it so she's
dialog: done with all of us. End it all so
dialog: it can't start up again.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: You want me to plan a con whose
dialog: sole purpose is to blow her off for
dialog: good?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I love her. You owe me this. I
dialog: don't want to turn her into me.
scene_heading: 184 INT. FERENTINO APARTMENT - NIGHT 184
text: Penelope sleeps on a cot against the window.
text: Bloom enters wearily. Sits in a chair. Watches her.
text: In the next room over, Stephen sits in the dark. Shuffling
dialog: cards.
text: A lovely tune sung in Mandarin Chinese plays over this,
dialog: segueing us into...
scene_heading: 185 INT. KARAOKE BAR - NIGHT 185
text: On a television screen, images of the Shanghai skyline.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD - Shanghai
text: A wall of monitors, which the Chink steps in front of,
text: singing the climax of the song. Beautiful and sad.
text: As the song ends, she sees through the spotlight Penelope,
text: Bloom and Stephen at a table. Penelope waves.
dialog: 
dialog: 101
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 185 CONTINUED: 185
text: The Chink's face betrays just the slightest hint of
dialog: disappointment.
scene_heading: 186 INT. KARAOKE BAR PRIVATE BOOTH - LATER 186
text: The four sit with drinks.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: So what's the next job?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Before we do the next job, we need
dialog: to liquidate our assets from the
dialog: last job.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: But you've got-
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Your money from the last job, well
dialog: that's profit, not capital, the
dialog: three of us have already split it
dialog: up. So step one: sell the book of
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I thought it was fake.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: With all your random expertise we
dialog: couldn't risk a flat out fake. It
dialog: isn't worth two point five million,
dialog: we could maybe catch four hundred
dialog: grand for it, but it's real. Who'd
dialog: we buy it from?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Minskie.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Perfect, we'll sell it right back
dialog: to him.
text: The Chink hands him a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: If he wasn't dead.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Well there's Demarco or Boyer. Or
dialog: Roche, if we want to go state-side.
dialog: 102
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 186 CONTINUED: 186
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
text: All traceable. With Minskie out
dialog: we'd have to go deep black market
dialog: if we wanted to be a hundred
dialog: percent clear. There's only one
dialog: place that's deep enough for that.
text: Bloom and the Chink know exactly what he's talking about, and
text: they don't look happy.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Where?
scene_heading: 187 INT. KARAOKE BAR BACK ROOM - LATER 187
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Russia. It's like `cancer', I
dialog: don't even like saying the word.
text: Bloom, Stephen and the Chink drink in a cramped little
text: concrete room adjacent to the bar's kitchen.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We're obviously not going to deal
dialog: with real Russians. They'll be our
dialog: guys in a phony set up, they'll
dialog: take our phony book and give her
dialog: phony cash, a closed loop. Safe
dialog: and simple.
text: Bloom looks to the Chink for an opinion. Gets a blank face.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: So. We go to St. Petersburg.
text: At the mention of St. Petersburg Bloom looks sharply at
text: Stephen, but Stephen presses on.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: She does the hand-off with our fake
dialog: "Russians." But while we're
dialog: driving out of town, everything
dialog: goes bad.
text: He lays a simple flowchart, drawn on a napkin - three boxes.
text: He points to the first, "Penelope sells book to `Russians'"
dialog: 
dialog: 103
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 187 CONTINUED: 187
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: We discover we were sold a
dialog: counterfeit book in the first
dialog: place, which we've now sold to
dialog: Russian smugglers. We discover
text: this when the Russian mob starts
dialog: taking us out one by one. Oh shit.
text: He points to the second box, "Red Dawn."
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: First they ambush our car,
dialog: destroying the money. Then they
dialog: take me out, then the Chink, and
dialog: finally you Bloom, in a heroic
dialog: death that allows Penelope to
text: barely escape with her life.
text: Devastated but reborn with the
dialog: knowledge that you loved her so
dialog: much you died so she could live,
text: she drives off into a romantic life
text: of adventure and peril, on the run
dialog: from imaginary Russians.
text: He points to the third box, "The End."
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 188 EXT. ST. PETERSBURG - SUNSET 188
text: The blood red sun sets over the city.
scene_heading: 189 INT. ST. PETERSBURG HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 189
text: Penelope snores on the bed, while our intrepid three unpack.
text: The phone rings. Stephen answers it, listens, hangs up.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Our "Russians" have arrived.
scene_heading: 190 INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT 190
text: Stephen, Bloom and the Chink ride down to the lobby with a
text: red suitcase.
dialog: 
dialog: 104
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 190 CONTINUED: 190
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Who'd you get, anyway?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Hm?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: To play the "Russians?"
speaker_heading: DING.
text: The elevator doors open, revealing the Diamond Dog.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG
dialog: My boys.
scene_heading: 191 INT. HOTEL BAR - LATER 191
text: Empty. The Dog leans against the bar with several LACKEYS,
text: waiting patiently, making sparks with his gold lighter.
text: Sounds of shouting come from the adjoining dining area.
scene_heading: 192 INT. HOTEL DINING ROOM 192
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I don't understand. Tell me so I
dialog: understand. Three months ago you
dialog: were ready to blind the old bastard-
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We need someone who can pass for
dialog: the Russian mob to buy our fake
dialog: book. The Dog's got his big store
dialog: right here in St. Petersburg.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Alright, fuckin stop. You want
dialog: this to finish in St. Petersburg,
dialog: you want this to end with the Dog
dialog: for some what thematic something?
dialog: Fine but don't tell it like a
dialog: story, let's say it. Twenty three
dialog: years ago and I can still smell,
dialog: that blood red apartment of his,
dialog: the smell of that place. I hate
dialog: him Stephen but this isn't that,
dialog: this is I don't trust him.
dialog: 
dialog: 105
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 192 CONTINUED: 192
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: What's he gonna do? Steal our fake
dialog: money?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've thought this one out, believe
dialog: me. And we can't end it without
dialog: him. Trust me. It's gonna be ok.
scene_heading: 193 INT. HOTEL BAR - LATER 193
text: The red leather suitcase on the bar.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG
dialog: Stephen, still the grand architect
dialog: with your symbols. Red for
dialog: temptation, white for salvation.
text: The Dog opens it, revealing US hundreds. Examines it with a
dialog: loupe.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG (cont'd)
dialog: Impressive, boys.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: It's trash. There's visible cross
text: hatching in Franklin's eye.
text: Sure enough - obvious jagged misprints cut into Ben
text: Franklin's eye on the bills.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG
dialog: Hm. I'll be damned.
dialog: (closes case)
dialog: Ruskies wouldn't be caught dead
text: handing over a rag bag like this,
dialog: it should be a steel attache.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: This'll do. We'll do the drop off
dialog: at your store. Make it scary,
dialog: think a movie version of the
dialog: Russian mafia, but don't hassle
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG
dialog: Alright.
text: The Dog closes the case, and for a moment Bloom's eyes rest
text: on his bandaged hand.
text: He then takes the case and quickly moves off with his crew.
dialog: 
dialog: 106
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: 193
speaker_heading: DIAMOND DOG (cont'd)
dialog: I look forward to meeting the lady.
dialog: Take care, boys.
text: Leaving his gold lighter on the bar.
scene_heading: 194 INT. HOTEL CAR PORT - NIGHT 194
text: The Chink leads Stephen and Bloom around the brown Peugeot.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: So. Our fake Russian attack. One
dialog: small charge will simulate a bullet
text: hit, and blow out the back window.
text: The Chink points with an extendable pointer to a small nub on
text: the rear windshield.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: So that one bang, then we roll off
dialog: the road. Once we get clear of the
text: car the Chink sets off the final
text: charge, incinerating the car and
dialog: the money in the trunk. This'll
dialog: all happen exactly twenty seconds
text: after we cross the main bridge out
text: of town. After the bridge.
text: Stephen makes a note in a manila envelope, tucks it in his
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Ok.
scene_heading: 195 INT. HOTEL HALLWAY - LATER 195
text: Bloom and the Chink walk back to their rooms. The Chink is
text: expressionless.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You've been awful quiet.
text: She doesn't react.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: I'm doing this for her.
text: But a door clicks shut, and Bloom is alone in the hall.
dialog: 107
dialog: 
scene_heading: 196 INT. PENELOPE'S HOTEL ROOM 196
text: Penelope in bed. Her door cracks open, and she sleepily
text: looks up. Bloom stands silhouetted in the doorway.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
text: Tomorrow it all starts.
text: She lifts the sheets. He gets into bed, and as she drifts
text: into peaceful slumber Bloom is very conscious of holding her
dialog: for the last time.
text: When her snores begin, he has ear plugs ready.
scene_heading: 197 EXT. ST. PETERSBURG - SUNRISE 197
text: The Peugeot drives into the heart of the city.
scene_heading: 198 EXT. ST. PETERSBURG ALLEY - DAY 198
text: Bloom, Stephen and the Chink parked in an alley, watching a
text: doorway across the street with a pair of binoculars.
text: Bloom breathes uneasily, checks his watch.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: She gives the Dog the book, he
dialog: gives her the fake money. This is
dialog: taking too long.
text: Just then Penelope trots out. Metal attache case in hand.
scene_heading: 199 EXT. RUSSIA HIGHWAY - MORNING 199
text: On the outskirts of town, parked beside a murky little lake.
text: Our heroes gather around the metal attache case on the hood.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: He hassled me. Took forever
text: looking the book over, haggled the
dialog: price. Wanted to pay me in Rubles.
text: Stephen smirks, then opens it. The money's there.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Alright. Let's get the hell out of
dialog: Russia.
dialog: 
dialog: 108
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 199 CONTINUED: 199
text: Bloom pulls the Dog's gold lighter from his pocket, takes one
text: last glance at St. Petersburg and tosses it down into the
dialog: lake.
scene_heading: 200 EXT. ST. PETERSBURG HIGHWAY - MORNING 200
text: The brown Peugeot drives towards the climbing sun.
scene_heading: 201 INT. PEUGEOT 201
text: The Chink drives, Stephen rides shotgun.
text: Bloom and Penelope in the back seat. He looks weary.
text: He sees the bridge approaching, maybe a half mile ahead.
text: She pulls his head down into her lap, fingers in his hair.
text: He breathes, closes his eyes.
text: An explosion shatters the front passenger window.
text: Bloom's eyes snap open, he bolts upright.
text: The bridge is still a quarter mile away.
text: In the next moment the car becomes a din of breaking glass,
text: screams, tires screeching.
scene_heading: 202 EXT. ST. PETERSBURG HIGHWAY 202
text: A BLACK MERCEDES roars out on to the road, machine gun fire
text: blazing from its windows, literally shredding the Peugeot.
text: The car spins, tires flapping, and hits a highway embankment
text: full speed, launching into the air.
scene_heading: 203 INT. PEUGEOT 203
text: A moment of strange silence as the car flips mid-air. The
text: brothers lock eyes for a split second.
scene_heading: 204 EXT. FOREST BESIDE ST. PETERSBURG HIGHWAY 204
text: The car slams into the steep grassy embankment, manages to
text: flip upright, and rolls into a thick forest, coming to an
text: abrupt stop against a stout tree.
dialog: 109
dialog: 
scene_heading: 204 CONTINUED: 204
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: OUT!
text: They all four dive out of the car, Bloom shoving Penelope,
text: tumbling into the thick forest an instant before the car
text: becomes a roiling ball of flame.
text: Bloom lies shell-shocked, his vision blurry. He vaguely sees
text: Penelope passed out beside him, Stephen on the other side of
dialog: the car.
text: A DARK FIGURE comes trotting into the woods, shining a
text: flashlight on the charred car. Goes to Stephen. Reaches
dialog: down to him...
text: Bloom's mind flutters away into darkness.
scene_heading: 205 INT. FOREST - DAY 205
text: Bloom wakes. Rain splattering. Slumped against a tree.
text: Penelope hunches over him.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
text: Yeungling went to get another car.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Where's Stephen?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: We don't know. He was gone.
text: Bloom stands shakily, goes to the charred car. Runs his
text: fingers over the dozens of bullet holes.
text: Goes to where Stephen fell. Lying in the grass, a manila
dialog: envelope.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: We're going to find him. If he
dialog: escaped, he'll contact us. If
dialog: they've got him, it's for ransom.
dialog: 
dialog: 110
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 205 CONTINUED: 205
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Who's got him?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: The Russians.
text: The Chink pulls up in the green bug, headlights catching
text: Bloom's face against the dark forest depths.
scene_heading: 206 EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY 206
text: A desolate gas station parking lot. Bloom sits in the Bug,
text: loading his revolver with shaky fingers. Penelope stands
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Stephen, god please what's
dialog: happening. I don't know what to
dialog: do. I don't know Stephen please.
dialog: Please. What's happening. Please.
text: A long black sedan screeches to a halt in the parking lot
text: outside the window, Bloom bolts out of the car, pistol ready.
text: But the Chink climbs out of the black sedan.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Where does she get all these cars?
text: Bloom motions for Penelope to stay back, then goes to meet
text: the Chink in the middle of the parking lot.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: If you know what's happening, now
dialog: would be a really good time to
dialog: speak up.
text: She sets a suitcase down beside her. Bloom takes this in.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: No, please. Not now. I need your
dialog: help here now, I don't know what to
dialog: do.
text: The slightest smile communicates all the compassion in the
text: world. But she's leaving.
text: She hands him a small slip of paper, their fingers touching
text: for an instant.
dialog: 
dialog: 111
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 206 CONTINUED: 206
text: She gives Penelope a quick little "call me" gesture, picks up
text: her case and walks off.
text: A truck blocking our view of her car pulls away, and she gets
dialog: in.
text: Bloom looks down at the slip of paper. A short phrase, in
dialog: Chinese.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Thanks.
text: The engine turns over, and the Chink's car EXPLODES in a
text: dramatic fireball.
text: The paper flutters out of Blooms's fingers a moment before he
text: and Penelope are thrown to the pavement by the shock wave.
text: Bloom and Penelope lift their heads, absorbing what just
dialog: happened.
scene_heading: 207 EXT. CHICAGO - DAY 207
text: A busy street, which a title card identifies as "Chicago,
dialog: Illinois."
text: On the corner, an unassuming Chinese restaurant.
scene_heading: 208 INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - DAY 208
text: A dive. The chef on the phone.
speaker_heading: CHEF
dialog: Ah, ah yes, Mr. Bloom. Yes, ok.
dialog: ALL THE COOKS
dialog: Blooooom!
text: He puts the phone down and goes to the fax machine, which is
text: spitting out a facsimile of the Chink's slip of paper.
scene_heading: 209 INT. ST. PETERSBURG COPY SHOP - EARLY MORNING 209
text: Bloom on a pay phone, scribbling on a piece of paper.
dialog: 
dialog: 112
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 209 CONTINUED: 209
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Uh huh. Assholes. Ok. Um, ok.
dialog: So I've got "We are all assholes in
dialog: our own theatrical enterprises."
dialog: You sure?
text: This phrase, written on Bloom's paper.
speaker_heading: CHEF
dialog: And then it end with "Goodbye shit
dialog: head."
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Shit head?
speaker_heading: CHEF
dialog: But it is different meaning in
dialog: Mandarin, uh, endearing. "Shit
dialog: head" if you have affection for
dialog: shit.
scene_heading: 210 EXT. SIDEWALK - MOMENTS LATER 210
text: The Bug parked nearby. Penelope sits on the curb, crying.
text: Bloom sits next to her.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What did it mean?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What did it say?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: "We're all of us marks in our own
dialog: cons." And she said goodbye.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I still can't believe it.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: That the Chink fell for a car bomb?
dialog: Neither can I.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: What? Oh, oh god do you think she
dialog: faked it? So the Russians would
dialog: think she was dead?
dialog: 113
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 210 CONTINUED: 210
text: Bloom stands, paces away. He leafs limply through the manila
dialog: folder - addresses, pictures, information...
text: A paper with the Dog's photo clipped to it. An address in
dialog: St. Petersburg.
text: The napkin Stephen wrote the con flowchart on. The third box
dialog: - "The End."
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: What do we do now?
text: Scrawled on the inside of the manila envelope - "An unwritten
text: life." Bloom's face clears. He wipes his eyes.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Ok.
text: Bloom goes to the Bug.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: This wasn't Russians. This was
dialog: done by an old mentor of ours who
dialog: wants us off the map. He has an
dialog: apartment in St. Petersburg. So
dialog: this is, yeah. I've gotta go back
dialog: to that apartment to face the Dog
dialog: and get my brother back. That's
dialog: how I'm gonna end this.
text: Penelope's eyes gleam. She jumps up to the passenger door,
text: and Bloom stops her with a weary look.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: We can skip the whole you-sending-
dialog: me-nobly-away-and-me-refusing-to-
dialog: leave-your-side-thing.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Thank Christ.
scene_heading: 211 EXT. ST. PETERSBURG STREET - LATE MORNING 211
text: A narrow alley between tall apartments. Bloom parks, pulls
text: his gun and checks it.
dialog: 
dialog: 114
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 211 CONTINUED: 211
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: If there are shots you run to the
dialog: car and drive, with or without me.
scene_heading: 212 INT. APARTMENT ENTRYWAY - DAY 212
text: A badly lit apartment hallway. Bloom approaches a door,
text: Penelope behind him.
text: His breathing becomes hard. His face contorts. He crumples
text: next to the door.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What's in there? Tell me who this
dialog: guy is.
text: Bloom's breathing steadies.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: He's just an old man.
text: He tries the knob. It opens.
scene_heading: 213 INT. DIAMOND DOG'S APARTMENT - D 213
text: Blood red walls.
text: Dark, neglected and to all appearances empty. Bloom creeps
text: down the darkened corridor, gun outstretched. Breathes
text: through his nose, chokes.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Dog! I came back.
text: He kicks open a door, revealing a large living space. Empty.
text: He lowers his gun, switches on the light.
text: Penelope enters. Sniffs the air.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Moth balls.
text: Bloom almost laughs.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Is that what that smell is?
text: BAM! A closet door smacks open, revealing the business end
text: of a double barrel shotgun.
dialog: 
dialog: 115
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 213 CONTINUED: 213
text: Bloom spins, gun drawn. Penelope screams.
text: Then a moment of stillness. The shotgun barrel quivers.
text: It's held by the 11 year old boy Bloom saw in the Dog's
text: Mercedes in Prague. Malnourished and scared.
text: Penelope approaches him slowly.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: It's okay. Honey, it's alright.
text: The shotgun sinks to the ground. Penelope strokes his hair
text: back from his face.
text: Bloom lowers the gun, trembling.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Ask him if anyone else is here.
dialog: She does.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Nyet.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Ask him where the Diamond Dog is.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Diamond Dog?
dialog: (in Russian)
dialog: Where is the Diamond Dog?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (in English)
text: The Dog of Diamonds is gone.
text: Bloom does a quick search of the rest of the room. As he
text: does Penelope asks the boy one more question in Russian, and
text: gets a quick answer.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Get the car started.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: It's alright.
dialog: 
dialog: 116
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 213 CONTINUED: (2) 213
text: She believes him, and goes. Bloom kneels in front of the
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: You don't need to be afraid of him
dialog: anymore. Or angry at him. Or ever
dialog: come back here again. He doesn't
dialog: concern you anymore. Understand?
dialog: It's gonna be ok.
text: The boy nods. Bloom hands him the stack of bills wrapped in
text: the green rubber band. The boy snatches it and runs off.
scene_heading: 214 EXT. ST. PETERSBURG STREET - DAY 214
text: Bloom trots out of the apartment building, and sees two
text: things: Penelope working the VW's starter, and a black
text: Mercedes speeding down the narrow street towards her.
text: He sprints towards her, screaming
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Get out! Get out of the car!!
text: She sees the approaching Merc, too late, and ducks down.
text: A hand hurls something from the darkened window. It smashes
text: through the Bug's passenger side window, showering Penelope
dialog: with glass.
text: The Mercedes roars off down the street.
text: Bloom reaches the Bug and throws the door open.
text: Penelope lies covered in safety glass, holding a Russian
text: nesting doll.
scene_heading: 215 INT. BUG - LATER 215
text: The seven progressively smaller dolls lie open on the back
text: seat, Bloom holds the two halves of the final tiny doll, and
text: Penelope holds a note.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: It's a ransom note. It says they
dialog: have Stephen, it says they want the
dialog: money wired to a specific account,
dialog: they give a bank to do it at and a
dialog: manager to ask for.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 117
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 215 CONTINUED: 215
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
text: Then an address to come to, at two
text: p.m. In two hours.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I'll wire the money from my
dialog: account, and we'll go get Stephen.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: It's a lot.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I'll do it, I want to, I've got
dialog: plenty-
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: How much are they asking for?
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: One point seven five million.
text: A cold pit opens in Bloom's stomach.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Oh. Oh oh. No no NO.
text: He punches the dashboard.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: No I'll kill him. I'll kill him if
dialog: that's what this is, if that's all
dialog: that this is, no NO NO.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: There's another possibility that I
dialog: should of, I'm a fucking idiot.
dialog: This might all be a con. By my
dialog: brother. To get me - oh god - he
dialog: wanted me to face the Dog, to end
dialog: it, and he gets your money. Oh
dialog: god. I'm going to be sick.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Would he do that? To you?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I don't know. Yes. Yes of course
dialog: he would.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 118
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 215 CONTINUED: (2) 215
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: To tell a story so well it becomes
dialog: real. The perfect con. That's his
dialog: whole, goddammit, that's what.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: But you don't know. Let's transfer
dialog: the money. You don't know.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: You don't know. This is your
dialog: brother's life. I'm gonna wire the
dialog: money.
scene_heading: 216 EXT. ST. PETERSBURG BANK - DAY 216
text: Bloom sits in the car, alone. He punches the dashboard
text: again, helpless enraged and scared.
text: Penelope gets in, looks at the address on the note.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Ok.
scene_heading: 217 EXT. BURNED OUT THEATER - DAY 217
text: Penelope and Bloom sit in the car, parked in front of the
text: impressive facade of a closed, burned out old theater.
text: The clock on the dashboard reads 1:50.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I'm so scared. Anything I can
dialog: imagine finding in there, I'm
dialog: scared of.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I'm going to be here when you come
dialog: out.
text: She kisses him.
text: He puts his hand on the door. Hesitates. Then goes.
text: Walks up the stairs to the inky maw of the theater door.
text: Goes in alone.
dialog: 119
dialog: 
scene_heading: 218 INT. THEATER LOBBY 218
text: No lights. Moldy dust. A genuinely creepy place. Bloom
text: steps lightly, deeper into the theater.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Stephen!
scene_heading: 219 INT. THEATER AUDITORIUM 219
text: A few lights flicker on the walls, fitfully illuminating the
text: broken dusty seats and bare ruined stage.
text: Bloom walks down the aisle, trying to keep his voice steady.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Stephen!
text: A spotlight snaps on from the mezzanine, right in Bloom's
text: face. He spins, trapped in its glare.
text: A guttural command is shouted in what might be Russian.
text: When Bloom doesn't respond, the spot silently advances a few
text: feet ahead of him towards the stage.
text: Bloom gingerly follows it, up onto the splintered stage and
text: finally resting on a split in the tarpaulin backdrop.
text: With a wary glance back, Bloom steps through it.
scene_heading: 220 INT. THEATER BACKSTAGE 220
text: Giant fossils of antique stage scenery. Utility lights high
text: above, cut by scaffolding, patch everything in dim jagged
text: forms of light and black.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: (unsteady)
dialog: Stephen. Game's up. Come on out.
dialog: Let's blow this one hat town.
text: Silence. Then a harsh utility lamp snaps on, cruelly
text: lighting Stephen's face.
text: Shockingly bruised and battered, old and new blood.
text: Bloom cries and rushes towards him...
dialog: 120
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 220 CONTINUED: 220
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No! No Bloom, freeze.
text: He obeys. Stephen is tied to a chair. A dark figure behind
text: him holds the lamp with a black gloved hand.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Stephen, who is it? Is it the Dog?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Did Penelope wire the money?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: They're calling to check right now.
dialog: Don't move. I'm alright.
text: The dark figure's cell phone rings, he holds it to his ear
text: for a moment then flips it closed.
text: Something happens in the blackness, and Stephen shakily
text: stands, cut loose.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: Stay where you are, Bloom. I'm
dialog: coming to you.
text: He takes a couple wobbly steps.
text: Behind him, Bloom sees the dark figure raising his gun
text: towards Stephen's back, pulling the hammer...
text: And the utility lamp switches off.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: No!
text: Bloom's revolver pops out of his sleeve and he's firing into
text: the blackness.
text: Stephen drops flat to the ground.
text: The fiery rapport of a big pistol flashes from the blackness,
text: strobing the scene like stage lightning.
text: Bloom reloads behind the cover of a heavy flat, but Stephen
text: lies on his stomach out in the open.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Stephen!
dialog: 121
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 220 CONTINUED: (2) 220
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Stay back!
text: But Bloom makes a dash for his brother, out into the open,
text: unloading three more rounds into the dark.
text: The dark figure returns fire on Bloom, who is sprinting full
text: on his feet in a large pool of light. A sitting duck.
text: Stephen launches himself up, tackling Bloom backwards.
text: Just before they fall behind the safety of the flat, a red
text: burst of blood flowers from Stephen's left lower back.
text: Bloom sets him down gently, and hears heavy footsteps behind
dialog: him.
text: He turns, firing, but only sees a blur of dark coat go by,
text: through the torn backdrop.
text: Bloom runs out on stage, tearing the tarpaulin, and fires
text: after the dark figure limping up the aisle and away into the
dialog: lobby.
dialog: Silence.
text: Bloom walks back to Stephen, who lies behind the flat,
text: breathing heavy. Blood soaking through his shirt.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Please tell me this is all gonna be
dialog: ok. Tell me that's a squib, and
dialog: that's makeup, and that you just
dialog: gave me what I always wanted and
text: pulled off the perfect con.
text: A long, long moment.
text: Stephen coughs, spits. Then a wry grin spreads across his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: You said it, not me.
text: He stands, the shakiness gone.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN (cont'd)
dialog: Can I get a `wow' for this one?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: You son of a bitch.
dialog: 122
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 220 CONTINUED: (3) 220
text: Bloom looks like he might hit him, but his face breaks and he
text: embraces him, crying. The Brothers Bloom stay like that for
text: a long while, holding each other in the spotlight's glow.
text: Finally Stephen pulls away, tears in his eyes. He wipes
text: them, wipes blood from his lip.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Tastes like tin foil. Alright
dialog: here's what I want you to do. The
dialog: Chink split?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Yeah. Clean exit.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Car bomb.
text: A hint of relief in Stephen's face.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Good. Here's what. Take Penelope
dialog: back to Helsinki, take that flight
dialog: to Rio. Lay low like we said.
dialog: Play out the on-the-run-from-
dialog: vengeful-Russians thing, that'll be
dialog: fun for her. Play it like I'm
dialog: dead, actually - that'll add some
dialog: gravity to everything, that'll be
dialog: nice. And I'll see you when I see
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Soon?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I hope not. Last thing you need is
dialog: me hanging around. Anyway, how
dialog: could I top this?
text: Bloom hugs him again.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: I love you. Bye.
text: He turns to go.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Hey. Think of any card.
dialog: 123
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 220 CONTINUED: (4) 220
text: Stephen pulls out a pack of cards.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Alright.
text: Stephen cuts, to the Queen of hearts.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (cont'd)
dialog: Stephen. That's it.
dialog: (grins)
dialog: That's the best card trick I've
dialog: ever seen. I just wish you had a
dialog: bigger audience.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: You're the only audience I've ever
dialog: needed.
text: Wink. Bloom leaves.
text: Stephen watches him go.
scene_heading: 221 EXT. RUSSIA HIGHWAY - LATE AFTERNOON 221
text: Rumbling towards Finland.
text: In the Bug, Bloom sleeps in Penelope's arm while she drives.
text: She looks at his hand on hers, his shirt cuff bright red with
text: Stephen's "blood." She strokes his shoulder sadly.
text: Off Bloom's sleeping face...
scene_heading: 222 INT. THEATER STAGE 222
text: Stephen pulls a chair out onto the stage, sets it right in
text: the spotlight's glare.
text: Trembling as if it takes all his last strength in the world.
text: Sits. Looks at the Queen of Hearts, moves his fingers over
dialog: it.
text: Then slides is up his sleeve.
text: Blood trickles down his hand.
dialog: 124
dialog: 
scene_heading: 223 INT. BUG - SUNSET 223
text: Bloom wakes with a start.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Hey. Hey, it's ok. The bridge is
dialog: coming up, we're almost at the
dialog: border. Were you dreaming about
dialog: Stephen?
text: She strokes his hair back from his face.
text: He nods, and looks down at his sleeve.
text: Stephen's "blood" on his white cuff.
text: Now a dark shade of brown.
text: Bloom looks at this shirt. All the blood, it's all brown.
text: He looks up at the road, nearly panicked.
text: Maybe a quarter mile ahead is the bridge.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Pull over. Pull over!!
scene_heading: 224 EXT. ROADSIDE - SUNSET 224
dialog: She does.
text: He bursts out of the car, and run/tumbles down the grassy
text: hillside till he finds the car tracks.
text: He follows them to the charred remains of the Peugeot.
text: Penelope stumbles down after him.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: What is it? You're scaring me-
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: What did you ask the Russian kid,
dialog: in the Dog's apartment? He said
dialog: the Dog isn't here, then what did
dialog: you ask?
text: Bloom kicks open the trunk. Pries open the blistered attache
dialog: case.
dialog: 
dialog: 125
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 224 CONTINUED: 224
text: Sifts through the charred pile of cinders that was the money
text: from the "Russians" till he finds what he was looking for and
text: brings it out into the dying light.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: How long had he been alone.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: And what did he say?
text: A scrap of unburned money. A fragment of Ben Franklin's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Since yesterday morning.
text: A single eye gazing up at him, the green grass behind it.
text: The eye is perfect. No cross hatching.
text: Bloom sinks to his knees.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: This is real. They hassled you.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: Bloom-
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: The Dog was gone before we got
dialog: there. They hadn't cleared out of
dialog: their apartment, they had been
dialog: cleared out.
scene_heading: 225 INT. DIAMOND DOG'S APARTMENT - DAY FLASHBACK 225
text: RUSSIANS in black overcoats burst in, shooting the Dog's men
text: with silenced pistols.
text: The BOY shuts himself in the closet, terrified.
scene_heading: 226 EXT. ROADSIDE - SUNSET 226
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Real Russians. Took his store.
dialog: They didn't know about his deal
dialog: with us, but you haggled with them.
dialog: You really sold the book to real
dialog: Russians. The Diamond Dog was
dialog: gone.
dialog: 126
dialog: 
scene_heading: 227 EXT. RUSSIA HIGHWAY - FLASHBACK 227
text: The scene beside the lake, our four heroes checking the money
text: in the attache case.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Let's get the hell out of Russia.
text: Bloom tosses the gold lighter, it splashes into the lake. We
text: follow it, plunging beneath the surface.
text: Deep deep down, among weak tendrils of light, the Diamond Dog
text: sinks into watery blackness, a long blade in his neck.
scene_heading: 228 EXT. ROADSIDE - SUNSET 228
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: And they came after us. And
dialog: Stephen...
text: Penelope holds him tight.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
dialog: Stephen saved my life.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: BLOOM
text: He's gone.
text: Bloom folds into Penelope's arms, but she doesn't let him.
text: She holds his crying face up.
speaker_heading: PENELOPE
dialog: And he did it so you could live.
dialog: Your brother loved you. He loved
dialog: you so much. Look at me. Stephen
dialog: said something once, I got the
dialog: feeling he'd rather be telling it
dialog: to you. He said there's no such
dialog: thing as an unwritten life. Just
dialog: badly written ones. I love you.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 127
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 228 CONTINUED: 228
speaker_heading: PENELOPE (cont'd)
dialog: We're gonna outrun these bastard
dialog: Russian mafia, and we're gonna hide
dialog: out in Rio, then we're gonna live
dialog: like we're telling the best fucking
dialog: story in the world. Are you ready?
text: She holds his face close to hers for a long beat. Then
text: smiles and pushes away, launching up the grassy hill.
text: Bloom watches her.
text: Time slows as she turns back towards him, still running, and
text: holds out her hand for him to follow.
speaker_heading: BLOOM (V.O.)
dialog: I was thinking of something Stephen
dialog: said too. "The perfect con is one
dialog: where everyone involved gets just
dialog: the thing they wanted." Well.
text: He takes the girl's hand, and runs with her towards the point
text: of light breaking over the hill.
scene_heading: 229 EXT. HIGHWAY - SUNSET 229
text: Sunset with her wine-red fingers falls over the road ahead.
text: The rumbly old VW chugs away from us, towards the horizon.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
