scene_heading: THE NEW WORLD:
text: A STORY OF THE INDIES
dialog: Written by
dialog: Terrence Malick
dialog: 
scene_heading: THE MGW voRLD. A STPRY oF THE INDIES
dialog: by, Terrence Malick
dialog: c OF s
dialog: The English
dialog: Capt John Smith, an English adventurer
dialog: John Rolfe, a tobacco planter
dialog: Capt Newport, first President of the Jamestown Colony
dialog: Master Wingfield, a gentleman
dialog: Capt Argall, a soldier of fortune
text: Mary, a maid
text: Ben, a friend of Smith's
dialog: Wilf, a cabin boy
dialog: Capt Ratcliffe, Newport's aide
dialog: King James and Queen Anne
dialog: Ackley, Jonson, Selway, Emery, Robinson; colonists
dialog: er an:
text: Pecahontas, a young princess
dialog: The Great Powhatan, her father, Emperor of the Indians
dialog: Opechancanough, Powhatan’s brother
dialog: Parahunt, Pocahontas’ brother
text: Patowomeck, King of Pastancy, her treacherous uncle
text: Wobblehead, a lunatic
dialog: Tomocome, Powhatan’s interpreter
text: With various fortune-seekers of the Jamestown Colony,
dialog: court officials of Werowocomoco, Chiefs of the Pamunkey
dialog: Armies, etc. .
dialog: "Pocahontas easily prevailed with her
dialog: father and her countrymen to allow her to
dialog: indulge her passion for the captain, by
dialog: often visiting the fort, and always
text: accompanying her visits with a fresh
dialog: supply of provisions: therefore it may
dialog: justly be said, that the success of our
dialog: first settlement in America, was chiefly
dialog: owing to the love this girl had conceived
dialog: for Capt Smith, and consequently in this
dialog: instance, as well as in many others,
text: LOVE DOES ALL THAT’S GREAT BELOW!"
dialog: "A Short Account of the British
dialog: Plantations in America,"
dialog: Londen Magazine, 1755
text: by TITLES OVER BLACK, CUs OF POCAHONTAS
text: The title appears: THE_NEW WORLD:
dialog: (and dissolves to)
text: The front credits follow, over shots of our heroine
text: learning English from our hero. She repeats one word
dialog: another: trea, bush, leaf, bird, cloud. ord after
scene_heading: 1 LEGEND - EXT. SEA
text: A legand appears over the wild, unbounded saa.
dialog: “No man understandeth or knowes
dialog: what Virginia is.”
dialog: - Capt. John Smith
text: The legend fades cut, except for the word “Virginia,”
text: beneath which appears the date: :
dialog: 26 April 1607 .
dialog: Then continues:
text: : WHILE COLUMBUS HAD STRUCK THE SHORES OF
text: yr THE NEW WORLD OVER A CENTURY BEFORE,
scene_heading: . NORTH AMERICA REMAINED UNEXPLORED
scene_heading: 2 EXT. NEW WORLD SHORES, CHESAPEAKE BAY
dialog: Young Pamunkey Indians, the original inhabitants of tha
text: Virginia coast, splash and duck each other in the shallows
dialog: —of Cheasapeake Bay. .
text: Little work is raquired of them. Virginia is a rich,
dialog: magical country, where nature has provided for every human
text: want. Wild plums and cherries grow in profusion along the
text: banks of thea musical rivers. Grapes dangle from the boughs
text: of tall pines and bog magnolias perfume the air, The
text: braves tend the fishing wairs, plant corn and squash, while
text: the women gather berries and lay meat out in strips to dry.
text: Their work is soon finished, however, and they join the
text: children at their life of play.
scene_heading: 3 UNDERWATER SHOT -. POCAHONTAS - ANGLES ON SHORE
text: Gayest of them all is POCAHONTAS, a girl of sixtean, whom
text: wae first discover underwater, diving for mussels and
text: i catching a sturgeon by the tail. She trims her hair with
text: “ pearls as shea sits by the shore. She gazas in a rapture at
text: ed the wind rushing through the trees.
dialog: € -
dialog: The Indians all defer to her. She is the favorite d:
dialog: da . aughtar
text: of POWHATAN, their Emperor, who sits along the shore is a
text: mood of philosophical delight. She has a lova of life and
text: a eantoDy mischievous way that makes har irresistible to
dialog: em all.
speaker_heading: EXCITED SCOUT
text: A scout suddenly breaks into the Indians’ midst, gesturing
text: towards the east. with breathless excitement.
scene_heading: EXT. VIRGINIA SHORE
text: The Indians rush through the pine woods and down to the
text: shore, where they stop and gape, Three English merchant
text: ships loom on the horizon.
text: What are these apparitions? Birds? Floating islands?
text: Messengers of the gods? At a signal from their leader,
text: they hurry back to their camps.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON POCAHONTAS
text: The Indians run past Pocahontas and into thea woods.
text: Messengers beat drums and blow saa-shell trumpets.
text: Puzzled, she drifts down toward thea shore. She stands in
text: tha woven shade at the water’s edga, gazing at the English
text: sails. She is in no way alarmed. It is as though she knew
text: they were coming. A mysterious smile appears on her lips.
scene_heading: EXT. CHESAPEAKE BAY - ABOARD THE SUSAN CONSTANT
text: A sounding lina plunges into the dark waters of the bay.
speaker_heading: VOICES (0.S.)
text: Tan fathom. Sweeper bearing right,
dialog: Cap’n. Right full rudder.
text: Aboard the eight-gun Susan Constant, flagship of the thrae-
text: vassel fleat, CAPTAIN CHRISTOPHER NEWPORT breathes in tha
text: first sweat fragrance of the land. They have spent three
text: months'at sea, wracked by tempest and-diseasea. Not one of
text: the seventy men on board is entirely fit. Still, most have
text: Managed to drag themselves on deck, where they gaze in
text: prayer and silence at the heart-stirring green band on the
dialog: horizon,
dialog: Unlike the Puritans who will follow them thirteen years
text: later, they are a rough, quarrelsome lot of desperadoes --
dialog: the refuse of society, America-bound because England would
dialog: not have them. In this new land they have everything to
dialog: gain and nothing toa lose.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
text: Newport, their leader, is a gentleman of fame. With od
dialog: he raided Cadiz harbor in 1587 and single-handedly captured
dialog: the Madre da Dios, tha richest Spanish galleon ever to fall
dialog: into English hands.
scene_heading: INT. HOLD - CAPTAIN JOHN SMITH
text: One young adventurer, CAPTAIN JOHN SMITH, is not en deck
text: but sits.in the hold. He has been cast in irona to await
text: hanging on a charge of mutiny.
text: Smith is a boisterous man of great strength, a warm-hearted
text: rabel, a lover of play and song. He speaks his mind
text: without mincing words, convinced he must always be right,
text: in small matters no less than in large. He is long
text: accustomed to the disfavor of his superiors and dees not
text: have a politic bone in his body.
text: He wears the earring of a Moorish woman to whom he was once
text: a slave. He has been a prisoner of the Turks, a beggar in
dialog: Moscow, has fought the Tartars in Transylvania and been -
text: shipwrecked in three seas. With no rank or property, no
dialog: education or connections, he can only win fame or fortune
dialog: by his daring. The career he has taken up is the single
text: one open to a parson of his ambition.
text: He is a. true pioneer, forever leaving the past behind,
text: bearing the brunt of danger, contemptuous of fear -- a
text: conqueror who lets down anchor when the whim seizes him,
text: makes the shore his home for a while, then inevitably grows
text: bored and moves on, te seek his luck elsewhere.
scene_heading: EXT. ENGLISH SHIPS - FLAGS
text: The Susan Constant signals her two sister vessals to come
text: about and fall in behind har. They are tiny things, decked
text: with flags and painted with bright markings as a defense
text: against sea monsters. They leok as though they had been
dialog: built for children, hardly seaworthy,
scene_heading: EXT. JAMES RIVER
text: The ships leave tha sparkling waters of Cheasapeake Bay and
text: turn up the James River, in search of a harbor beyond the
text: reach of Spanish privateers. A man dangles over the side
dialog: to taste the water.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Sweet water, Captain!
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN MOORAGE
text: The English moor the ships to the long branches of an oak
text: tree that hangs ott over the banks.
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
text: With Newport in the lead, thay wade ashore. They speak te
text: one another in hushed voices, as though thay had
dialog: great temple. , g ay had entered a
dialog: Hera, on this strip of marshy land, America ig born.
dialog: Jamestown will be England's first permanent settlement in
dialog: the Northern Hemisphere, for that matter her first colony
dialog: anywhere.
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLES
text: The English explora the land, enjoying their new fraadoms
text: after months on the Atlantic. They pick the plants and
text: inspect them, amazed by the bounty of this new world.
dialog: Everything is splendid and rare.
speaker_heading: VOICES (0.S,)
text: There’s oysters on the shore as thick
text: as stones. Fish everywhere. They
dialog: lock into your eyes. We'll live like
dialog: kings! Kings!
text: They feint at one another with their swords, practice
text: parries and thrusts, chop at branches and flowers to test
text: the edge of their steel, stab vainly at the fish that flash
text: through the streams. There are a few women in their
dialog: company; two or three.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Captain Newport!
text: The sailor calls Newport’s attention to a dugout canoe
text: floating down the river. Inside the canoe, fully erect,
text: sits a skeleton draped with pearl necklaces.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Muskets!
text: Newport pricks his @ars as a strange, haunting seng comes
text: wafting to him on the wind from far away. The man are keen
text: with apprehension and excitement. Far away, Pocahontas
text: watches from her perch in a tree.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGING TREE.
text: Elsewhere, unaware of this apparition, CAPTAIN WINGFIELD
text: prepares the noose in which, as a first order of business,
text: Smith must hang. Smith stands on a stool, unperturbed.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I admire you, Wingfield. Yes, [
dialog: admire anybody who dares to anjoy
dialog: himself. After all, most things are
dialog: set up so you won't.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: SMITE (cont’d)
dialog: They hold you by the nosa and make
dialog: damn sure you won't misbehave. Well,
dialog: God will take care of them, right?
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: If I were you, Smith, I would take
dialog: advantage of thesa precious minutes to
dialog: compose my prayers.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: He has no intention of hanging me.
dialog: Why should ha? He follows the path of
text: logic, Wingfield. He uses his mind.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: I think, in this fataful instance, you
dialog: might be wrong.
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: I don’t know why I waste my breath.
dialog: Let people be. Deon’t open their ayes.
dialog: Supposing you did, what’d they sea?
dialog: Their misery. Man is a brute -~ a
dialog: great brute. If you are cruel to him,
dialog: he respects and fears you. If you ara
dialog: kind to him, he plucks out your eye.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: Good, very good. I intend to make a
dialog: collaction of your sayings, if you
dialog: will permit me.
text: Capt Newport walks up.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Lat him go.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: You said to hang him.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Remember, Smith, that you are under a
dialog: sloud and that it will darken if 1
dialog: hear any more of your mutinous
dialog: remarks. Now make yourself useful.
text: Newport has only wanted to throw a scare into him, as Smith
text: guessed. The man raise a cheer as Smith’s hands are
text: untied. He is an immensely popular figure.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: I think you should reconsider this
dialog: decision, sir.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: - NEWPORT
dialog: Wingfield, not everybody in this world
text: is able to keep his mouth shut, and
dialog: you might perhaps be one of those who
dialog: can’t. They find they havea crossed
dialog: the subtle line between independence
dialog: - of thought and sheer insolence. Wow
dialog: that might ba happening te you, don’t
dialog: you think?
text: Smith gives Wingfield a broad smile.
scene_heading: EXT. VIRGINIA SHORE
text: Smith swaggars around, ignoring his shipmates’
text: congratulations. He has a hardy confidence in himself that
text: inspires respect. His eyes area alive with a cunning
text: intelligence. He wears a bright uniform and a steel
text: chestplate embossed with a rampant dragon, daspite the heat
text: that has caused the others to strip down to their singlets.
text: There is something convincing about his bold, outiandish
text: manner. He has a way of carrying it off.
text: BEN, the ship’s cook, salutes his friend.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Thay Jat you go! A terrible mistake
dialog: thay made there. Come, sit like a
dialog: gentleman, be idle. I thought surely
dialog: thay would hang you.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Why would they do that?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Why, for the ‘arm you done us all! I
dialog: can only speak for myself, but before
dialog: I met you, I knew nothing and now 1
dialog: am, if a man should speak truly,
dialog: little better than one of the Wicked,
text: lying about the whole day, dreaming of
dialog: gilded palaces and the like, caring
dialog: nething fer the world’s business. You
dialog: could corrupt a saint, Capt Smith.
text: Smith smiles. He likes his mates and the place he enjoys
text: in their hearts.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Land mo a pinch of tobacco, would you?
dialog: No? Not a pinch? I have friends’ and
dialog: I have acquaintances. I will piss in
dialog: your bedding.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: I will see dog’s meat mada of your
dialog: flesh and dice of your bones. Work on
dialog: that!
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: You sea, gentlemen, there is. na
dialog: defense againat wit.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Pity you haven’t found a way to live
dialog: by it!
text: He walks off.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hold your tongue! As I am a gentleman
dialog: born, I will gat drunk, grow valiant
dialog: and beat you within an inch of your
dialog: ife.
text: Smith stands with a man named ACKLEY, gazing at the woods.
speaker_heading: ACKLEY
dialog: Therea’s something out there, Smith.
dialog: You can feel it. I don’t like it that
text: the trees run down so close to tha
dialog: shore, The boat's not protected.
scene_heading: NEWPORT AND SCOUTS
text: A scout has sighted tha Indians.
dialog: scout
dialog: Naturals, sir. Sea there? They was
text: making quite a fuss, too.
text: Three Indians run down the opposite shore of the river,
text: calling to one another in strange, bird-like syllables.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
text: Prepare the pinnace and a war party.
text: Twenty men.
text: The threa Indians run past Pocahontas.
scene_heading: EXT. VIRGINIA WOODS - SMITH
text: Smith enters the virgin forest, awed but unafraid, like
text: someone entering a great cathedral. He has slipped away
dialog: from the others.
text: The trees area full of cool drafts, like a spring-fed pool.
text: They seem to roll on forever, flat and park-like,
text: partitioned by creeks and streams that at low tide become
text: slicks of black mud. Clusters of grapes hang from vines
text: that twine through their boughs.
speaker_heading: rN.
dialog: wv
dialog: 18
text: Softwoods grow side by side with oaks and 1
text: contradictory sight to European eyes. Turkeys dust
text: themselves in tha sand. Their nests lie open, brimming
text: with eggs, as though they had no fear of Marauders. The
text: call of each bird stands out sharp and clear i
text: this April afternoon. P Fin the caim of
scene_heading: POCAHONTAS AND PARAHUNT
text: Pocahontas and her brother, PARAHUNT, steal through the
text: trees to get a closer look at the visitors.
text: Pocahontas wears a wreath on her head and a short buckskin
text: apron, Except for the long strands of pearls and shells
text: that hang around her neck, she is bare above the waist.
text: Below her knees and above her albows, her arms and legs are
text: ornamented with tattoos, giving her a vaguely Polynesian
dialog: appearance.
text: She sees Smith and freezas in her tracks. Parahunt wants
text: to go back, but impatient with her brother's timidity, she
text: ventures closer.
text: Smith turns and sees her, all at once. Shae gazes at him as
text: though he were a visitor from the sky. With. his beard and
text: his glinting armor, alone in the stillness of the forast,
text: he seems so handsome, so unafraid -- a blue-eyed, fair-
text: haired god. She turns a cartwheel. Then, with an odd
text: laugh, she is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. OPPOSITE SHORE OF THE JAMES
text: The pinnace, a small sailboat, strikes the opposite shore.
text: Newport and his men jump out and, weighted down with their
text: casques and armor, crossbows and pikes, wade clumsily
text: ashore. Quickly they find footprints, at first only
text: footprints. Tangion mounts as they advance into the woods.
text: They sansa they are being watched. .
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Sssssst!
text: Newport looks around to behold a magnificent Pamunkey brave
text: standing at the adge of a clearing a hundred feet away.
text: The brave lowars his bow and gives two loud shouts. The
text: English jump back, startled. .
text: Newport steps forward and puts his hand over his heart, as
text: a sign the English mean no harm. The brave nods, as though
text: to say he understands. He raises his hand and two hundred
text: battie-dressed warriors step out from the woods.
text: They are a handsome people, a full head taller than the
dialog: English.
dialog: is
dialog: Unlike the severe, aquiline Indians of the
dialog: whom we are accustomed, they have round faces bread *e
text: cheekbones and straight nosas. Their skin is the calor of
text: burnished gold, their eyas jet black, in shape almost
text: Chinese. Buffalo tails dangle from their balts on the
text: ground behind them. Dead blackbirds hang from their ears
text: They chalk their. cheeks and arms with root dyes and shave
text: the right side of their haads, to keep their hair clear of
text: their bowstrings, giving each man two completely different
text: profiles -- one frightful, the other soft and noble. The
dialog: English have never seen beings remotely like these and
text: murmur with astonishment -- astonishment, than gradually
text: fear, as they realize they could easily be overwhelmed.
text: The brave strikes his head and chest, then reaches out to
text: strike Newport’s the same way. Newport shies back,
text: distrusting his intentions. The brave smiles and repeats
dialog: the gasture.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Mr. Ackley?
text: The, brave pulls his hair, then with a jovial look points at
dialog: Neawport’s own.
speaker_heading: ACKLEY |
dialog: He does not know how to make. his"
dialog: meaning plain, but it appears he means
dialog: we are all made of tha same flesh and
dialog: blood.
text: Again, Newport puts his hand over his heart. The brave
text: comes forward, nodding with great satisfaction, and asks
text: permission to touch Newport’s skin. The Indians are
text: fascinated above all else by the Englishmen’s white pallor,
text: exaggerated by their long months at sea. Newport laughs
text: and holds his arm out for inspection. The brave touches it
text: with a little gasp of awe, Pocahontas looks at her brother
dialog: and smiles,
scene_heading: EXT. ALONG THE JAMES RIVER - A GOLDEN AGE
text: The Indians have grown more trusting. They dance with
text: panpipes on the shore and wade out into the shallows to
text: greet the English longboats with songs of welcome. Some
text: paddle ahead in their long canoes to warn Nawpert’s
text: helmsman of snags in the water.
dialog: “We hava never in the world so far encountered a kinder
dialog: people,” wrote James Barlowe, captain of Raleigh's ill-
dialog: fated 1584 expaédition, ‘We were entertained with ;
dialog: friendship and were given everything they could provide.
dialog: Wa found (them) gentle, loving and faithful, lacking all
text: guile and trickery. It was as if they lived ina golden
dialog: aga of their own.”
dialog: 20
dialog: 10.
text: A sailor rushes up to Smith, breathless with excitement.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: I gave this Indian woman a brokan
dialog: plata, and she give me four rows of
dialog: her pearls. I tell you, we come to
dialog: tha richast country in the world.
text: The ship’s BOSUN, a great hulking man, spots one of the
text: indians stealing a hatchet.
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: What do you think you're doing?
text: The Indian backs away, uncomprehending, His people have
dialog: communal ideas about property which the English do not
dialog: share.
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: Drop itt
text: Alarmed by thea bosun’s tone of voice, the brave turns and
text: runs. The bosun levels his musket and sends a volley
text: crashing through the underbrush, stinging the fleeing
text: Indian’s shoulder with a spray of pellets. His fellows
text: gape at this display of tha Englishmen’s power. ‘Smith
text: knocks him to the ground. .
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You fool! Tie his hands behind his
dialog: back.
text: The bosun strikes back at Smith, who with a swift display
text: of physical courage quickly subdues him. The Indians
text: ratreat to the trea line. Pocahontas watches as Smith
text: tries to call them back, but they no longer trust the
dialog: visitors from heaven.
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: He stole my hatchet!
text: Smith drags tha bosun down into the water, and in full
text: sight of the Indians, shoves his head underwater again and
text: again, as though to show them he will punish the offender.
dialog: They do not understand the meaning of this display,
text: howevar, and shying off like deer, thay disappear into the
text: woods. Pocahontas is tha last to retreat, her eyes still
text: detained by the English haro.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Newport harangues the assembled English company.
dialog: a
dialog: il,
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Capt Smith did well today and went a
dialog: considerable way towards reinstating
dialog: himself in our good opinion. But the
dialog: hardships we face ara greater still
dialog: for tha actions of a fool. Tonight we
dialog: shall sleep aboard the ships, every
dialog: man in full armor. In the morning we
dialog: shall chop down every tree within half
dialog: a mile of the moorage and use the
text: straightest timbers to palisade a
dialog: fort. When we have done that, we must
dialog: set corn, put up houses and lay in
dialog: firewood. Slackers will be executed
text: at, the site of their transgression.
dialog: Yas, Salway?
speaker_heading: SELWAY
dialog: Sir, when are we going out to -- poke
dialog: around?
speaker_heading: NEWPORT .
dialog: We are not here to pillage and raid .
dialog: but to expand England’s domain of
dialog: reason and light, We have it in our
dialog: means to make a fresh world here, one
dialog: where the lion might lie down with the
text: lamb and the wolf with the sheep,
dialog: where there might be plenty for all.
dialog: Every man who works hard in time will
dialog: be rawarded. But we must work, too,
dialog: for the good of those who are to come.
dialog: Wa shall enjoy the good things of the
dialog: earth, and wa shall be happy to think
dialog: that after us, and thanks to us, men
dialog: will recognize themsalves as being
text: happier, better and more free.
speaker_heading: SELWAY
dialog: Begging your pardon, but if we'd
dialog: wanted to farm, we could ‘ave stayed
dialog: in Devon. .
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Perhaps you’ve made a terrible
dialog: mistake. Gold will do you no good six
text: months from now, when the snows fly.
dialog: We want to live in peace with these
dialog: people. Our survival depends upen
dialog: keeping that peace, We shali at some
dialog: point explora the land, but we shall
dialog: not plunder it. Do I make myself
dialog: clear?
dialog: 21
dialog: 12.
text: When nobody speaks, Newport lowers his head and offers a
dialog: prayer of thanksgiving. :
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Lord, we have the Devil and all the
dialog: Gates of Hell against us, but if Thou
dialog: art with us, wa care not who is
dialog: against us. Grant us, therefore, a
dialog: healthy portion of Thy mercies. We
dialog: ask it in the name of Thy son, Jesus
dialog: Christ our Lord. Amen.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN SETTLEMENT - MONTAGE
text: At dawn the next morning, the English strip off their
text: doublets and set to work. The forest rings with the bite
text: of their Kentish axes. Sweat glistens on their tattooed
text: backs. After months at sea, the work is a joy.
text: When the felling gang is done, the sawyers drag the logs
text: off to hew them into timbers. Soon a small fort is under
dialog: construction.
text: Pocahontas watches from afar. From time to time she allows
text: the cabin boys to approach her. They secon are teaching her
dialog: English words.
text: Foragers attempt to catch fish and wildfowl but without the
dialog: help of the Indians have little success. Carpenters put
text: together a shallop, a shallow-draught vessel for navigating
text: the rivers, pitch the tents and stake out gardens. Yeomen
text: sow oats and barley.
text: Newport is a wise leader. He gives every man a job, though
dialog: the gentlemen are exempt from physical labor. He goes
dialog: around keeping up their spirits and, where necessary,
text: lending a hand. But when he comes upon two of their
text: company plucking a wild goose, he is inflamed to wrath.
text: The men are hauled to the ground, and their hands are bound
text: behind their backs.
dialog: . NEWPORT oe
dialog: Clever dogs! Staunch to the last!
dialog: Never told us how they managed to look
dialog: so fit. And why should they? No,
dialog: fine fellows, fine fellows!
dialog: {turning to his adjutants)
dialog: Wait until the sun goes down to bury
dialog: them.. I don’t, want the Savages to
dialog: think our numbers are dwindling.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: INDIANS’ POV
text: Overcome by curiosity, the Indians have returned to the
text: vicinity of the camp, From across the river, they witness
text: the axecution of the poachers. It seems not to deter their
text: curiosity. A brave named TOMOCOMO talks with the sentries,
text: a distinctive man, dyed black frem haad to toe and covered
dialog: with tattoos. :
scene_heading: EXT. HALF-FINISHED FORT AT JAMESTOWN - SMITH
text: Smith sits with a sketch board, drawing the strange
text: varieties of plants he has turned up. Tha fort is now half-
text: finished. At one point, standing watch by the wall, he
text: sees Pocahontas cavorting with the cabin boys -- walking on
text: her hands, challenging them to follow her example in the
dialog: English phrases they have taught her. He notes how,
text: finding herself alone, sha looks up into the clouds above.
text: Her lips move as though she were speaking with someone.
text: She seems to feel his eyes on her, stops, turns and looks
text: evenly at him. He waves to her. She waves back, as though--
text: urging him to come out and play. He smiles and shakes his
text: head; he is on guard and must stay where he is. But the
text: incident makes its impression. His nerves tingle with a
text: strange delight. Will he go away into the blackness of
dialog: death never having known the mystery of her free, fresh
dialog: life? .
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY STORE
text: Ben shows Newport that the kegs of grain and hardtack they
text: have brought from England are infested with worms.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: The damp got in.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- The damp’s not your problam. Some of
dialog: the kegs was good, but they’re gone
dialog: now. Somebody filched ‘am. I know
dialog: what you're thinking, but it couldn’t
dialog: have been the Naturals. They couldn’t
dialog: get through the lock. Had to be one
dialog: of our own. . .
speaker_heading: ACKLEY
text: The frost hag nipped our oats. We sat
dialog: them in too late. The natives know
dialog: how to’ catch these fish. They won't
dialog: come to a hook.
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 14,
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Speak softly. Tell no ona of the
dialog: condition of our storas.
scene_heading: EXT. HALF-FINISHED FORT - SMITH’S POVS
text: Smith watches the cabin boys imitate their Indian playmate.
text: Her cinnamon breasts have inflamed their young
text: imaginations. Then he sees that an English party under the
text: leadership of CAPT ARGALL, an adventurer like himself, has
text: captured two Indians who ventured too clasely to the fort
dialog: and brought them to Newport for interrogation. One of them
dialog: is Tomocomo.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: They can tell us what we can’t find
dialog: out for ourselves.
scene_heading: INT. SAILCLOTH LEAN-TO
text: A council of the Jamestown elders sits in the shade of a ~-
text: slung sail. Hogs forage for scraps of food in the rutted
text: lanes. The captured Indians stand next to Newport.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT -
dialog: (presiding)
dialog: We are here by the will of Providence.
dialog: Had we not sighted land the day we
dialog: did, I would have turned back. We’va
dialog: eaten the best part of our stores.
dialog: Our best men are sick with fever; the.
dialog: rest will soon breathe mutiny. We
dialog: might as well be shipwrecked. Now the
dialog: Naturals tell me of a city up the
dialog: river, and a mighty King who lives
dialog: there. I propose we send an envoy to
dialog: him, to sea whether he can be
dialog: persuaded to trade with us.
dialog: Meanwhile, I shall raturn to England
dialog: for fresh supplies. I will net be
dialog: back until the spring. You will be
dialog: utterly alone until then, but my
dialog: leaving will free the men, when
dialog: adversity strikes, of any temptation
dialog: to return. Ratcliffe here will be in
dialog: command. As to who shall approach the
dialog: Savage King, I needn’t tell you that
dialog: it will be a hazardous mission.
text: A silence follows.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Captain Smith is the only professional
dialog: soldier among us. He alone is suited
dialog: to the task.
text: There are noises of agreement. Smith bows.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: {leaping up)
dialog: I should very dearly like to know one
dialog: thing. What is to prevent this friend
dialog: ef the hangman from making league with
text: the Naturals, then turning upon us,
dialog: only under the extremity of torture, I
dialog: should like to assume? Or instructing
dialog: them in the conduct of war and English
dialog: strategies, if I may make so bold?
dialog: His right to the title of Captaincy is
text: dubious at best. The low-born son of
dialog: a yeoman cannot be expected to behave
text: with a gentleman’s sense of propriety.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Perhaps you’d like to go, Wingfield!
text: The others laugh.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
text: The sentiment of the council is clear.
dialog: Moreover, it conforms with my own.
dialog: (to Smith)
dialog: This will be your opportunity to
dialog: repair your reputation for discipline
dialog: and obedience. I axpect you to
dialog: welcome it.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (with a bow)
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN DOCK
text: Smith walks along the Jamestown dock with Newport as he
text: prepares to set off in the shallop the carpenters have_
text: built. Meanwhile the principal ships are being provisioned
dialog: for Newport's return to England.
speaker_heading: NERPORT
dialog: Are you afraid?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: No.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: I would be.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I've always believed that sooner or
dialog: later something good, something
dialog: special, was in stora for me. A
dialog: destiny all my own, I suppose I ama
dialog: Musselman in that way,
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: A Musselman?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I begged in Moscow when it was blowing
dialog: snow in eight-foot drifts. I was the
dialog: only man to come out alive when my
dialog: regiment was overrun by the Turks in
text: Transylvania. They put a chain around
dialog: my neck and gave me as a slave toa
dialog: Stambuli lady -- her name was
dialog: Tragabonza -~ and she ordered me
text: around like her sit-up dog, until she
dialog: got bored and poisoned me, to see if I
dialog: could take it. I never lost hope.
dialog: Even when it looked bad, you know, I
dialog: never even felt in danger. I had this
dialog: feeling, through it all, that there
dialog: was something waiting for me -- my
dialog: life would not end until I had found
dialog: it -- achieved it. I never knew where
dialog: it lay or what it was exactly.
text: (over a river, winding .
dialog: its way into the interior)
dialog: Ruling huge countries for myself and
dialog: the King, doing things that seem
dialog: impossible to the world, making the
dialog: heathen fly like the wind -- I had all
dialog: manner of ideas. Then I came to the
dialog: conviction it was in the East. I
dialog: thought that must be it -- to find the
dialog: way through to the Indies. No one has
dialog: dona it. I mean to, and I will.
text: Nawport smiles through all this, with an indulgence that
text: seems almost paternal.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Interesting, You must always keep in
dialog: mind: your responsibilities to the rest
dialog: of your countrymen, however. Most of
dialog: them are idiots and fortune-seekers,
dialog: but even so they are under your
dialog: protection.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: v7.
speaker_heading: . NEWPORT (cont’ d)
dialog: You have the makings of a leader,
dialog: Smith. You have a future here. So,
dialog: the boat is ready. Make England's
dialog: name formidable. :
text: Smith bows and boards the shallop. They have laid on
text: provisions of cloth, beads, food and books. The rast of
text: Jamestown waves goodbye from the shore.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICKAHOMINY RIVER - SMITH’S POVS
text: Smith makes his way up the Chickahominy River in search of
text: the King. With him area nine Englishmen, heavily armed, and
text: the two captured Indians. They sing as they rew, to steady
dialog: their nerves.
text: The river winds through vast floating gardens of water
text: lilies and sedges. The shores thrum with cicadas. Little
text: by little the land reveals itself to them.
text: They pass an Indian town. The people come down from their
text: fields to raise up their peculiar shouts of greeting but
text: they no longer offer help or gifts.
text: At night they see braves spearing eels in the shallows by
text: the light of flaming torches.
text: The land grows still more mysterious, more magical, as they
text: work their way up the river. Dragonflies dart about like
text: pixies. Huge carvings of otherworldly beings appear in the
text: recks along the bank. The skeletons of ancient Pamunkey
text: chiefs hang from the rafters of sacred huts. It seems the
text: scenes of visionary enchantment will naver end. Yet
text: gradually the channel narrows. The overhanging branches of
text: the trees make the going difficult, and strange cries reach
text: their ears. The English company soon is showing distinct
text: signs of unrest.
speaker_heading: HELMSMAN
dialog: Captain, we haven’t the draught to go
dialog: any further.
dialog: (Smith is silent)
dialog: I can’t stand out in the river, They
dialog: can reach us with their weapons now.
dialog: You hear me, Captain? We‘re in
text: bowshot.
text: Smith signals that they should put in to shore.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE
text: Two Indian women tempt a sailor who has wandered off from
text: the rest of the English party to follow them into the
text: woods. He is cautious at first, but curiosity or lust gets
dialog: the better of him.
scene_heading: 30 REST OF THE PARTY
text: His distant cries of pain send shivers through the English.
speaker_heading: FIRST ENGLISHMAN
dialog: Let’s go back, sir,
scene_heading: SECOND ENGLISHMAN
dialog: We could gather a larger party. We're
dialog: lost. You know it, and we know it,
dialog: too.
scene_heading: THIRD ENGLISHMAN
dialog: Let’s put it to a vote! I’d rather
dialog: die on the gallows than have my throat
dialog: cut by these monsters.
text: Smith feels a mutiny brewing.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: The Naturals say that we shall come to
text: wide lakes and a mighty river falling
dialog: west into the Indian Ocean. I thought
dialog: I shouldn’t tell you. The people
dialog: there are unlike any we have ever
text: seen, Gold is more plentiful with
dialog: them than copper is with us, and for
dialog: as much red copper as you can bring,
dialog: you’ll have three times its weight in
dialog: gold. Why, their chamber pots and
text: dripping pans are pure gold, and the
dialog: chains they chain their streets up
dialog: with, and even the prisoners they
dialog: take, are bound in gold, and as for
text: rubies and diamonds, they go forth on
dialog: holidays and gather them by the
text: seashore to hang on their childran’s
text: coats and stick in their caps.
text: He continues over scenes of the original America, the
text: infinite land of primeval beauty, over its lakes and
text: mountains and streams.
speaker_heading: SMITH (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t know whether to credit this.
dialog: You decide. But I think we shall live
dialog: freely there, without sergeants or
dialog: lawyers or courtiers, only a few
dialog: industrious Scots, perhaps, who indeed
text: are scattered over the face of the
dialog: whole earth. I think they will lay
dialog: their treasures at cur feet. You will
dialog: be noblemen, never slaves.
speaker_heading: (MORE }
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: SMITH (cont'd)
dialog: Each man shall have his fig trea to
dialog: lia baneath. They will favor you
dialog: without your having te pander, scrape
dialog: Or steal. The things we value to them
dialog: ara worth no mere than straw. There’s
dialog: danger, but what is danger compared
dialog: with seaing those cities ~- magical
text: Capitals that stretch for miles and
text: risa into the clouds, glancing in the
dialog: evening light. Would the like aver
dialog: happen to you in England? Your
dialog: freedom’s at hand, men. Make your
dialog: choice. Go back and muck about the
dialog: rest of your lives -- dia like cattle,
dialog: never lifting your eyes from tha
dialog: ground -- or come with ma -- to the
dialog: East.
text: He points wast, toward the Indies. Only two men step
text: forward, a young carpenter named THOMAS EMERY and a sailor,
scene_heading: JEHU ROBINSON.
speaker_heading: EMERY
dialog: Look!
text: One of the Indian guides, Tomocomo, has taken to the woods.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Lat him go. I could have the rest of
dialog: you hanged as deserters. But I'd
dialog: xather go on with these two men than
text: with a flock of ducks.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE - FOG
text: Smith continues on with a canoe, the remaining guide and
text: the two English volunteers.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Very good, Captain.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Was I impressive?
text: The wilderness closes around them.
scene_heading: SMITH’S POVS - FOG
text: The country hag a supernatural mystery. Beavers crack
text: their tails and slip beneath the surface. Flights of wild
text: ducks pass overhead. Were the canoe to capsize, they would
text: probably drown under the weight of their armor. Against an
text: attack they would be defenseless. But Smith feels himself
text: being drawn on; he does not know quite why.
dialog: 20.
text: Somewhere, dimly, he feels there is something waiting for
text: him, something fine and unspeakable, infinitely more
text: exalted than the prospect of fame and fortune that draws
text: the other English on.
speaker_heading: EMERY
dialog: You know where we are, Captain?
text: Smith does not reply.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: What are we doin’ this for?
speaker_heading: EMERY
dialog: I’m after the coin. Newport can talk,
dialog: but I laid my Jesus on the shelf for
dialog: the time bein’. Instead I brought a
dialog: compass and a rule, to make a map.
dialog: Now tell me I don’t look a’ead and use
dialog: me brains!
text: They jump out of their skins as Smith discharges his musket
text: into a bush along the shore. The shot echoes down the
text: Waterway, until it fades away and the birds resume their
text: twittering.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Put in here.
speaker_heading: EMERY
dialog: But it’s thick as a jungle, sir. We
dialog: don’t know the trails.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: It’s a bleedin’ evil place, even in
dialog: daylight. You don’t know what might
dialog: ‘appen in there, it’s that rotten
dialog: still.
text: Ignoring their protests, Smith straps on his siege helmet.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICKAHOMINY SHORE - SECOND LANDING
text: Robinson and Emery load their matchlocks.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Keep your matchlocks lit. Signal if
dialog: you see anything.
speaker_heading: . EMERY ;
dialog: What if they start peltin’ us with
dialog: arrows?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Imagine they won‘’t hit you.
dialog: re
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
text: Smith moves down the trail into the wilderness, accompanied
text: by the remaining Indian guide. Soon his friends have
text: vanished from sight.
scene_heading: SMITH’S POVS - BEAR, ETC.
text: He sees a hummingbird. He sees a bear feeding on a
text: blueberry bush. It watches him for a moment, then moves
dialog: off.
text: While he is thus absorbed, his guide deserts him. Smith
text: sees him retreating through the woods but does not pursue
text: him. The music builds a mood of tension. He is utterly
text: lost, and he knows it.
text: Mockingbirds fly down to attack him when he comes too near
text: their nest. He presses on, entranced. Now, in the
text: distance, he hears a cry.
speaker_heading: POVS ON SMITH
text: Suspecting his mates have run into the Indians, Smith turns
text: back. Tha clanking of his armor is loud in the stillness
text: of the forest, his bright silks conspicuous. Gradually, we
text: begin to observe him from the point of view of Pamunkey
text: warriors stealing up from the depths of the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP FOREST
text: From out of nowhere, a flight of arrows descends on him.
text: Two ricochet off his breastplate. One plunges into his
text: thigh. He plucks it cut, inspects it curiously and breaks
text: it in half. He slips down the face mask of his burgonet
text: and prepares his halberd, a spear with the head of an axa.
text: A hundred Indians appear from the trees. They do not come
text: at him directly but run around him in circles. In their
dialog: manner of warfare the object is net to kill the enemy so
text: much as to humiliate him into surrender, a display of
text: superior force demonstrating that resistance is futile.
text: As they get closer, the Indians race in and touch him, like
text: children playing tag. Smith shoots the boldest of them in
text: the hand with his’ pistel. The others step back, amazed at
text: this device that fires thunderbolts and lightning.
text: Holding the entire party at bay, he walks backward to the
text: point on the riverbank where he left his comrades.
scene_heading: EXT. BOG /
text: Distracted, Smith stumbles into a bog and quickly sinks up
text: te his waist. His thrashing about only causes him to sink
text: deeper into the mire,
dialog: 
dialog: 38
dialog: 22
text: The Indians closa in. His hopes of escapa gone, Smith puts
text: the blade of the halberd to his chest, as though he were
text: Preparing to take his life. He'soon thinks batter of this
dialog: course of action, howaver -- life is too sweet -- and
text: offers his weapon to the leader of the Indian party with
text: great flourish, as though he were surrendering a whole
text: army. He doas not beg for mercy. He does not expect it.
text: Two braves drag him out of the bog.
text: OPECHANCANOUGH steps forward, a-chief seven feet tall, so
text: stately in his manner that Smith at first takes him for a
text: fool. He reaches out, touches Smith’s beard and explodes
text: in laughter.
text: Another Indian removes Smith’s shoulder bag, smells it,
text: then throws it away in disgust. The English strike these
text: people as incredibly dirty and foul~smelling.
text: Suddenly, to Opechancanough’s great surprise, his prisoner
text: leaps to his feet, and taking a small box from his pocket,
text: presents it to the chief with a deep bow. Opechancanough -
text: is wary of the mechanism at first, but upon inspecting it
text: more closely, he discovers inside an iron needle which
dialog: points the same direction whichever way you turn the box.
text: When he tries to touch the needle, his finger is stopped by
text: the glass, further cause for astonishment. The Indians are
text: unacquainted with this legacy of the Phoenicians.
text: He turns the box upside down and looks at it from — ;
text: underneath, taking care to praserve an air of dignity in
text: the presence of his soldiers.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Would you mind fetching my musket from
dialog: the cance?
text: Opechancanough wonders at his effrontery. He has never met
text: aman like this. He orders the prisoner’s hands tied
text: behind his back.
text: The Indians conduct Smith through the woods with his arms
text: lashed to a pole.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY OF WEROWOCOMOCO
text: Smith rounds a bend in the trail and stops in his tracks,
text: astonished. Before him rises Wercwocomoco, the seat of the
dialog: Powhatan Empire.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
text: The magical city stands on a bluff above the swirling mists
text: of the Pamunkeay River, hundreds of tree-bark houses of
text: every shape and description surrounded by a palisade of
text: immense logs. Beyond the town lie well-cultivated fields
text: of beans and corn, tobacco and squash.
dialog: The inhabitants are a far cry from the savagas the English
text: imagined they had found. Smith is delighted.
scene_heading: INT. POWHATAN’S PAVILION
text: Smith is led into a longhouse and made to sit down. The
text: house is covered with rush mats laid over an arched
text: framework of bent saplings. The sides are trellised with
text: vines, like a pergola, and laid over with strips of bark
dialog: that can be rolled up on nice days to let in the sun and
dialog: the breeze.
text: Now a host of warriors suddenly appears around him, dancing
text: and singing frenzied songs. They are incomparably more
text: majestic than the Indians he saw at the landing. fach has.
text: a quiver of arrows and a club. Over their arms they wear
text: fox and otter skins. Their heads and shoulders are painted.
text: red and smeared with bear oil to make them glisten. Now
text: and then they stop and look at their bewildered prisoner as
dialog: though he were a monster.
text: Chiefs and Great Ones from the far-flung corners of the
text: Empire approach to inspect the prisoner, the first white
dialog: man they have ever seen.
text: Then, all at once, they fall silent.
scene_heading: THE GREAT POWHATAN
text: In the roaring torchlight at the far end of the pavilion
text: appears a dignified man of sixty, the GREAT POWHATAN, ruler
text: of Virginia. His robe is made of raccoon skins and painted
text: in incomparable colors. Chains of pearl hang about his
text: neck. His head is crowned with brilliant feathers and
text: tresses of moss.
text: To his left and right sit the ranks of his councillors, his
text: wives and court officials, their heads and shoulders
text: painted red and pounced with polka.dots of gold-flecked
text: sand. At his sida two young hermaphrodites wave fans to
text: make a breeze. Yet the ruler’s majesty lies less in his
text: attire than in the gravity and omniscience of his manner.
text: It seems to Smith that he has stepped out of his everyday
text: world and fallen in with a race of fawns, satyrs --~
dialog: mythical people.
dialog: 
dialog: 24,
text: A messenger prostrates himself before the Emperor. From a
text: satchel he produces the hearts and heads, hands and feet of
dialog: Smith's late comrades, Emery and Robinson, The Indian
text: Great Ones examine them with curiosity, then turn to look
text: at Smith, Smith shows no emotion, though it appears the
text: same fate now awaits him.
speaker_heading: GREAT ONE
dialog: They are mortal.
text: The natives speak Algonquin; subtitles translate their
dialog: words, here and in the future. Tamocomo, tha guide who
text: escaped at the river, acts as Powhatan’s interpreter.
text: Pocahontas looks on.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER (TOMOCOMO)
dialog: Where have you come from?
text: He points up to the sky, inquiringly.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: The sky? No. From England -- a land
dialog: to the east,
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER (TOMOCOMO)
dialog: Why have you come here?
speaker_heading: - SMITH
dialog: Exploring. I hope you don’t consider
dialog: it a crime for a man to labor in his
dialog: vocation. We had an encounter with
dialog: the Spaniards, our enemy, and were
text: overpowered, put to retreat, then by
dialog: extreme weather forced to this shore.
dialog: The boats had leaks, so Captain
dialog: Newport, my father as you might say,
dialog: left for England to get them repaired
dialog: and pick up supplies.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER (TOMOCOMO)
dialog: When do you leave?
speaker_heading: .' SMITH
dialog: Leave? I intend to push on. I can’t
dialog: speak for the others. There won't be
dialog: any leaving before the spring. The
dialog: ships won’t bea back till then.
text: They have set a great repast of bread and venison in front
text: of Smith, food enough for twenty men. Music enters. And
text: now we start jump-cutting from the interpreter to Powhatan
dialog: himself, until we establish the conceit that Powhatan is
text: communicating with Smith, and even with the other members
dialog: of his tribe, in English, directly.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You aren’t trying to fatten me up, are
dialog: you? That would be a poxey trick.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER (TOMOCOMO)
dialog: Why have you come up the river if you
dialog: stopped only to send the ships back
dialog: for supplies?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Because it pleased ma to. My official
dialog: mission, however, is to pay my
dialog: respects and to trade for food and
dialog: other comforts. I should also be
dialog: interested to speak with you about the
text: back sea, over the mountains, on the
text: other side of the main, where J hear
dialog: there is saltwater.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER {(TOMOCOMO)
dialog: Why should we help you?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: {directly to Powhatan)
dialog: Don’t you love your neighbors?
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: Some. Others -~ how can you love
dialog: them? They steal from you before your
dialog: very eyes. They have no shame. They
dialog: would gladly burn this slight roof
dialog: above my head and kill me and my
dialog: children, if they had the courage.
dialog: But they are cowards and fear to
dialog: approach ma, even to come into these
dialog: woods. You would laugh to hear what
dialog: they are afraid of. A child would
dialog: laugh to hear it.
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: Why should we help you?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We have articles that might interest
dialog: you, Powers you do not possess,
dialog: unless I am mistaken. Things we might
dialog: teach you.
text: With a coal from the fire, Smith ignites a pile of
text: gunpowder. The Indians stare at him like country people --
text: this man is a true magician. Fowhatan leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: My inferior in years and judgment,
dialog: presuming to instruct me!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: fo
dialog: 41
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN (cont'd)
dialog: Manacle his feat. Giva him sea water
dialog: to drink. Feed him withered roots and
text: acorn husks,
text: Smith snatches up his sword. His captors have left it
text: lying caralessly nearby, as though they imagined it were a
text: decorative part of his costume. Pocahontas looks on,
text: overcome with awe,
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: Put that away. You look ridiculous.
dialog: I could disarm you with this stick,
text: He advances confidently on the Englishman. They stand
text: facing one another for a long moment. Then, with inhuman
text: speed, Powhatan raps him on the wrist, and Smith’s sword
text: goes flying from his hand.
text: A brave stands up and levels his bow at Smith’s armor,
text: hanging from the ceiling. The arrow shoots clear through
text: the steel. Suddenly a host of conjurers and medicine men
text: enters the court. They dance around Smith with strange
text: gestures and fall to the ground in paroxysms of delight.
text: The Chief Priest looks deep into Smith’s eyes and lets out
text: a piercing wail. His body is covered with coal and oil.
text: He wears a coronet of feathers and weasel skins. Six
text: virgins arrange circles of cornmeal, grain and sticks
text: around Smith’s figure. Great wooden idols look down at him
text: with a scowl.
text: WOBBLEHEAD, a lunatic with the habit of rolling his head,
text: gestures to Smith that his story has failed to convince
text: anyone -~ he will die. Other natives reach out and touch
text: his face in sympathy.
scene_heading: POCAHONTAS - SMITH'S POVS
text: Smith sees Pocahontas. He wonders why she is here. Her
text: hair is woven with strands of moss, her mouth painted azure
text: blue. She is the very image of earthly beauty.
text: At a signal from the Chief Priest, the longhouse falls
text: silent. Powhatan offers a prayer to his divinities, then
text: throws his scepter in the dust at Smith’s feet. The
text: audience gasps. Without a moment’s hesitation, his
text: attendants bring in two large stones and set them down in
text: front of the Emperor’s throne.
text: A dozen braves grab Smith, drag him to the stones and lay
text: his head acros&’.them. Smith sees the end has come. The
text: braves raise their huge clubs over his head. The tips are
text: studded with bear fangs and flints.
dialog: 27.
text: Suddenly, Pocahontas breaks out of the crowd by her
text: father’s side, runs to Smith and puts her hand on his head.
text: The audience is astonished. She winds her arms around
text: Smith’s shoulders. She pressas har head close to his. Her
text: hair streams across his face.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: Come here.
text: Pocahontas kneels in front of her father.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: How can you stand up for this
dialog: creature?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: What has he done to you? He’s gentle.
text: He’s not afraid.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: Silence. One more word and I will
dialog: chide you. You’vea only seen your own
dialog: people. This man is common as clay.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I must be humble in my tastes, then.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: Hush! What do you know? A child!
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (whispering now)
dialog: Let me have him.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Because I ask it of you.
speaker_heading: _ POWHATAN
dialog: They know you are my favorite child.
dialog: Would you embarrass me?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: If I have to. Ha might be a spirit.
speaker_heading: . POWHATAN
dialog: A spirit?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS |
dialog: Teall ma -- have you ever seen his
dialog: like?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: POWRATAN |
dialog: He eats and sleeps as wa do. He came
text: from the same place as the others.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Why do you speak this way, father?
dialog: Does pity never mova you? Look at
dialog: him. A good and noble man.
text: Powhatan smiles. She is a stubborn, willful girl, but her
text: defiance only endears her to him. She is his favorite
text: child. Except for Smith, everyone in the longhouse knows
text: it. Opechancanough, Powhatan’s militant brother, gestures
dialog: fiercely that Smith should be killed.
speaker_heading: OPECHANCANOUGH
dialog: They are building a fortress! Drive
dialog: them off now, while they still are
dialog: weak, or they will think we instead
dialog: are weak and come in numbers.
text: Parahunt urges his father to exercise restraint.
speaker_heading: PARABUNT
dialog: Don’t be harsh, father. Why should
dialog: you care about them as long as they do
dialog: not harm us? They only want a little
dialog: swampland. It does us no good. If
dialog: they try to stay, you can drive them
dialog: off, whenever you want. We outnumber
dialog: them a thousand to one.
speaker_heading: OPECHANCANOUGH
dialog: For now, We cannot tell what will
dialog: happen later.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: We shall find out what their
dialog: intentions are. There is no reason to
dialog: waste lives. If they do not leave,
dialog: then wa shall attack.
text: Powhatan raises his hand to signal that Smith will be
text: spared and, nodding at Pecahontas, declares:
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
text: He can maka her beads and bells.
text: One by one the Indians exploda with laughter. They rush
text: forward and slap him on the back, pummel him, make him eat,
dialog: stand up and sit down.
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 29.
text: they carry him around on their shoulders as if he were a
text: conquering hero, strip off his clothes, dangle their
text: strands of pearl around his neck, heap raccoon pelts on his
text: shoulders and thrust a crown of feathers on his head.
text: Smith has no idea what to make of all this. The moment
dialog: before they were ready to slaughter him and now they treat
text: him like their bosom friend. . His look of perplexity only
text: causes them to laugh the more. Meanwhile, Powhatan confers
dialog: with his advisors.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: We shall watch them and wait.
speaker_heading: OPECHANCANOUGH
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
text: For whatever comes. A dream.
scene_heading: SMITH AND POCAHONTAS ~ LATER - DAY-FOR-NIGHT
text: Smith comes upon Pocahontas in the moonlight. She shies
text: away, and still it seems that she trusts him.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Don't be afraid. Your father says
dialog: that I’m to teach you --
text: He follows her deeper and deeper into the flickering
text: darkness. She says something to him in pantomime, but he
text: does not understand what she means.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: They might chop off my head if I
dialog: don’t put sense in you.
text: Shea swings back and forth on a rope strung from a high
text: branch. The wind flutters har short skirt, and his heart
text: skips a beat.
scene_heading: SCENES OF INDIAN LIFE - MONTAGE
text: _Led by Pocahontas, Smith walks through Werowocomoco,
text: marveling at the Indians’ way of life. She is constantly
text: shooing away her host of simpering maids. She points when
dialog: she wants him to do something: sit down, get up, etc. She
text: drops a leaf from her hand.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Pick that up, please.
dialog: the does)
dialog: And if I dropped it again?
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I would pick it up again.
dialog: {she smiles)
dialog: Would you like ma always to do what
dialog: you wish, Princess? -- to follow you
dialog: in the woods when you say “come” -- to
dialog: chase you round the trae to catch you,
dialog: and to lie down for you to thraw
dialog: leavas on me, and to be glad when you
dialog: are glad?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Yes!
text: He is no longer the enlightened, creedless man. She is a
dialog: being sacred and apart. She is so near that naw world
text: whose existence he has only guessed at, that it seems
text: brought near to him.
text: Two young braves loll in a hammock smoking a pipe. They
text: smile pleasantly at Smith and return to their tobacco
text: visions. By nature they are a silent people. The scolding
text: of a crow is loud above the normal sounds of the village.
text: Powhatan sees Smith with his daughter. He does not scowl
text: as an English father might. In fact, he feels a certain
dialog: amusement -~ that she should let herself be amazed this
text: way, as though by a strange bird. He is a man free of
text: jealousy, a man of deep understanding. Yat while he does
dialog: not take her infatuation seriously, he still must keep a
dialog: close watch on Smith to maasure his utility to the Indian
dialog: cause.
text: Youngstars play basketball on a strange court surrounded by
text: posts with nun-like faces carved in them. Their elders
text: hunt stag in the groves between their gardens, costumed in
text: the skins of their prey so that they can approach them
text: quite closely.
text: They show Smith rabbit and fox tracks and speculate about
text: what transpired at their intersections. They catch fish in
text: traps made of bound sticks and broil them with their
text: venison on hurdles over outdoor fires.
text: In the center of the corn fields stand high towers, where
text: watchmen stand guard against the crowd. Their cries and
text: the noise of their rattles ring constantly through the air.
text: Indian mothers take to the water with their children on
text: their shoulders: The men keep their bows with them. When
text: they are in the water, they tie their quivers to their hair
text: so their hands will be free. They light great fires at
dialog: night, to show their joy.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 3t.
text: Smith exchanges greetings with Parahunt and Wobblehead.
text: Except for Opechancanough, the Indians receive him as a
text: brother. Gradually ha comas to find his English dress
text: constricting and, piace by pieces, he substitutes for it a
text: deerskin robe and headdress.
text: Often they tease him, mocking his English manners,
dialog: especially his swordsmanship in the woods the morning he
text: was caught. They hold no grudge against him. They are
text: naked, frolicsome, full of good humor, always inclined to
text: laugh, which they do with irresistible grace.
text: It is a pleasant sight to see them wading in the rivers in
text: the cool of the avaning, free of care, living cheerfully
text: and at their hearts’ ease. They do not seek more than they
text: need. They share with their neighbors. They overflow with
dialog: mercy and loving kindness. They have mo wants beyond what
dialog: the day provides. Like tha lilies of the field, they
dialog: neither toil nor spin, yet Solomon in all his glory was not
text: arrayed as one of these.
text: TIGHT ON SMITH - “OTHER SIDE” MUSIC .
dialog: It strikes Smith that there is soma other way of existing
text: in this world, outside the eternal circle of struggle and
text: desire. Little by little he parts with the ideas that
dialog: clothe the soul of the European, above all the idea that a
text: Man attains strength through force. He assumas, in some
dialog: Measure, the dress and manners of the Indians as he
text: discovers a self he never knew he had. His civilized
dialog: brothers have lost something these Indians enjoy like the
dialog: very air they breathe. Why should he aver wish to leave
dialog: this Eden?
text: But even as he entertains these thoughts, he half-knows he
dialog: will not honor them -- that the passionate conviction of
text: this autumn afternoon will one day seem a dream, a passing
text: fancy. For the moment, however, he is a free man. He has
text: opened his eyes. Hae can follow his vision or betray it.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING - POCAHONTAS AND SMITH
text: He sits with Pocahentas in a clearing. He is giving her an
dialog: English lesson. Har words have by now acquired a soft
text: Algonquin lilt.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS /
dialog: You coma from that way? Yes? What is
dialog: that way?
speaker_heading: , SMITH
dialog: Nothing but ocean, for months and
dialog: months.
dialog: He traces
dialog: middle.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Months? What are they?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: No matter. The world is so large that
dialog: we only see a small part of it from
dialog: any one place, Look.
text: a circle in the sand and puts a pebble in the
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: This is the spot we are standing on.
dialog: And this is all that we can see from
dialog: here. This is Virginia, and these
dialog: woods, if you walked in them for
dialog: years, would be the world,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: De you know all the world? All the
dialog: mountains and rivers and all the
dialog: people in the world?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: That would be impossible. You imagine
dialog: the rest of the earth is like this
dialog: little part here. But it’s not all
dialog: the same, There are rivers and
dialog: mountains and...
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I can swim.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Aeross these rivars, no. There are
dialog: mountains that none can climb. Beasts
dialog: that would gulp you down. And with
dialog: great pleasure, too.
text: Astonished, she runs out to. the edge of the woods.
dialog: _the world?
speaker_heading: ‘, POCAHONTAS
dialog: Tall me, what's there? And there and
dialog: there? Tell me.
speaker_heading: SMITH .
dialog: Even if I knew, it would take too long
dialog: to tell.
speaker_heading: ‘ POCAHONTAS
dialog: Hurry! There is time. What is beyond
dialog: 46
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Water, only water. Didn’t I say?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: All around?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Water, no beyond? Only water?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Look at the moon. It is like that
dialog: with the world. We cannot touch it.
dialog: We cannot put our hands on it. Beyond
dialog: the water that flows around the world,
dialog: but far away -- so far that it would
dialog: take months and months in a ship to
dialog: reach them -- there are islands, soma
dialog: small, others as large as this land
dialog: here -- some where the people live in
dialog: snow and ice the whela year round,
text: others where they go naked as a calf.
text: But they are so far away, so
dialog: impossible to raach, that it’s uselass
dialog: to speak of them. They are like the
dialog: moon. You don’t know it yet, but
dialog: there are a thousand kings, dukes,
dialog: emperors and petty princes whose state
dialog: is greater than your father’s. You’re
text: a wild creature that belongs to a
dialog: bygone aga. .
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Can you keep a bird on your finger?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Can you catch a fish with your hands?
text: Smith shakes his head; no.
text: THE SARCOPHAGUS OF HER ANCESTORS
text: Pocahontas has brought Smith to a long, dim hut filled with
text: the bones of her ancestors. Skeletons lie in perfect
text: silence on wicker platforms,
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: My ancestors. Our fathers and
dialog: mothers. All. Their bones are here.
dialog: 34.
text: She points to one of the skeletons.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: My mother. But not she. Only her
text: body is turned to dust.
dialog: (she toes the ground)
dialog: But she is away -~ up there, where the
dialog: stars are. We do not die, but go on,
dialog: and on. No one is lost. I talk to
dialog: her. Sometimes I say, “Why do you
dialog: naver answer when I speak?” And when
dialog: I think she is quiet, than she
text: whispers so. Turn away.
text: She imitates the voice of her mother’s spirit, a ghostly
text: sound like the wind in the pines.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
text: She lives in the clouds.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Oh yes? .
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Didn’t you know? All those books you
dialog: read, what good are they? Why do you
dialog: read them? If they don’t teach you
dialog: this, what do they teach you?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Other things.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: What things? Do they say who made the
dialog: clouds -~ or why? Why your nose is
dialog: here, not there? Why you are you, and
dialog: Iam I?
text: She looks up at tha sky with an open mouth, in a sort of
text: ecstasy, as though she were seeing it for the first time.
speaker_heading: PCCAHCNTAS
dialog: {series of jump cuts)
dialog: Tall me, John ~~ why can’t the wind
dialog: blow backwards? Why do the trees love
dialog: the sky?
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: You don’t know?
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Turn away.
text: She comes up behind him, bends over and whispers
dialog: 47
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Are the people in London as we are?
dialog: Would they understand me?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: No, there’s none lika you. Not one.
text: She laugha and runs off. Smith follows her. The Great
text: Rabbit, the Pamunkeys’ fierce god, looks on.
scene_heading: POCAHONTAS AND SMITH - MONTAGE
text: Time passes. Fall colors hava appeared in the trees.
text: Pocahontas takes Smith to the river with her when she
text: bathes. They swim together, naked. She gives him
text: breakfast out of her own bowl and shows him her favorite
text: trees in the woods,
text: She sits enthroned and watches the sham wars of the braves
text: as they hunt one another with headless arrows, practice
text: feints and attacks.
text: Passing her hands over a fire, she gathers its light into
dialog: her heart.
text: She tells Smith about the migrations of the birds, shows
text: him where to find the turkeys’ nests and the blueberries,
dialog: what bark to use for remedies. Wild creatures come
text: fearlessly to her outstretched hand.
text: She looks through a book of drawings of London that he
text: brought along in the boat.
speaker_heading: SMITH (O.8.)
dialog: Those are tha belis that cali the
dialog: people home and those ara white birds
text: -- they fly around the steeples.
dialog: Those are the ships that sail along
dialog: the river. That is a flag that
text: streams in the breeze. And that a
dialog: great clock; the greatest in all
dialog: England.
text: She is astonished. smith has sat her imagination on fire.
text: Each igs strange to the other, each intrigued by the other’s
dialog: differences.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Will I evar sea these, John? I have
dialog: dreamed of them, the steeples and the.
dialog: boats on the river. Will I die before
dialog: I sea them?
dialog: 48
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Probably.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Now that I have come hera, I will
dialog: never be able to live in that world
dialog: again.
dialog: (catching her hand)
dialog: Do yau like me to hold your hand?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Yes.
text: She looks at herself in a mirror as she combs her hair.
text: The comb is a device the Indians are unfamiliar with and
text: quite fascinated by.
speaker_heading: SMITH | :
dialog: Do you intend to spend the rest of
dialog: your life admiring yourself?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: If I can! .
dialog: Nothing so lovely has aver been created. He loves her as
dialog: he has never loved before, never could love any other
text: being. His former ambitions seem as nothing now; paltry,
text: commonplace, unworthy of him. He is a changed man, and
dialog: this change is the proof that that old artificial life
dialog: never was and could not be the real one, in harmony with
dialog: his true nature.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLES ~ POCAHONTAS AND SMITH - COMPASS
text: Pocahontas sits in the moonlight touching the palm of
text: Smith’s hand, studying his fingers. Her eyes are fixed on
text: him with a look ha finds strangely soft and flattering.
dialog: She loves averything. She has a soul of innocent zest,
text: She listens to his heart and laughs with delight. She
text: looks at his compass, the magic little box, utterly awed,
dialog: as though she believed you could make wishes on it.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Am I dreaming?
text: He sees that she is asking in earnest, but when he attempts
text: to reply, she touches his lips with her finger and asks:
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Why do you not answer me -- speak to
dialog: me --.speak to me, like this?
text: He understands. He is learning to speak this new language
text: of the eyes, as gradually the ideal becomes real to him.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (0.8.)
dialog: Is he a god? What are these feelings
dialog: that I have? He has come into my
text: heart. His eyes are like a lake, and
dialog: I am his.
text: Smith gives her lessons in astronomy. He explains the
text: motions of the sun, the earth and the moon. de plays the
text: moon, running circles around Pocahontas, who plays the sun,
text: while her maids, the stars, move along beside them in
text: stately procession. She loves it when he cuts up for her
text: friends. He watches them cavort through the trees above,
text: like spirits of the forest.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (0.S.)
dialog: He has no evil in him, and is
dialog: beautiful to look at. His words are
dialog: gentle, and his desire is to be always
dialog: with me. We shall go beyond where tha
dialog: world ends.
text: One afternoon, while alone, she finds him carrying logs.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Rest a moment. My father is away this
dialog: afternoon. Here, I will help you.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Under no circumstances! I will not
dialog: see you dishonored.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: It would dishonor me less than you. T[
dialog: would do it more easily. I want to.
dialog: You do not.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I don’t know if the young men ever _
dialog: tell you, but you're -- a little pixie
dialog: is what you are, actually. <A sprite.
text: He sats down his load. She puts her hands on her
text: shoulders, te cover her breasts, and closes her eyes. She
dialog: cannot believe the grace and beauty these gods have-
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: How people are where you live, I do
dialog: net know.
dialog: (he smiles at her)
dialog: Are you a prince?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: No.
dialog: a8.
text: She rolls her eyes. She does not believe him.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Do you love ma?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: At this moment, more than anyone in
dialog: the world.
dialog: (she staras up into
dialog: the trees)
dialog: Why are you doing that?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Because I do not deserve you. Why
dialog: should mean like to kiss?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Let me show you.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (after they kiss)
dialog: Now I sea. I am afraid. I am your
dialog: wife, if you will marry me. If not,
dialog: then I am your servant -- whether you
dialog: like it or not,
dialog: (suddenly alarmed)
dialog: I don’t know why I talk this way.
dialog: Sometimes I seem younger than I am.
text: Smith stumbles. She frowns.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I lost my balance.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Where did you lose it?
text: Smith looks at her and marvels.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What a mystery woman is! Sometimes I
dialog: wish all you pretty creatures would
dialog: die the same time I de, but alas,
dialog: you'll go on living and having a high
dialog: old time. Man will be taking you in
dialog: their arms when I’m just dust for you
dialog: to walk on.
speaker_heading: POCAHCNTAS
dialog: You will not deny me?
dialog: | eal
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: §1
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: How could I? Do you not see it in my
dialog: face -- all that I fael for you, the
dialog: love that makes me happy? For this is
dialog: love, my sweet, that makes our two
dialog: souls one.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Shall it always be so?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Yes!
text: She offers her hand to him as a pledge. He kisses it and
text: presses it against his forehead. A thrush sings in the
text: pines.
scene_heading: EXT. POWHATAN’S LODGE
text: Qutside his lodge the Emperor sees Smith’s armor hanging
text: from a tree. He shrugs off his long robes and lights his
text: pipe. When the tebacce has taken its effect, he lies back”
text: and closes his eyes.
scene_heading: POWHATAN’S DREAM - STRANGE LANDSCAPE, TREE, STAIRCASE
text: Powhatan finds himself in a land he has never seen before,
text: surrounded by strange flowers and animals. Ranks of clouds
text: move through the sky.
text: A man stands before him and shows by a gesture that he has
dialog: come from the west and that he means to marry his daughter.
dialog: They will spawn a new race.
text: All at once a tree takes root in front of him and begins to
text: grow at astonishing speed, higher and higher, until it
text: reaches inte the heavens. Powhatan steps through the bark
text: of the tree. Inside, he discovers a winding staircase. He
text: climbs the staircase, his shadow climbing ahead of hin.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER
text: The afternoon is sweet and drowsy. Smith and Pocahontas
text: lie in a peaceful spot along the river. They have managed
text: to elude her retinue.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS .
dialog: No one knows where we are. You can
dialog: escape if you want to. They’d never
dialog: catch you. Gof
text: Smith shakes his head. He does not wish to.
dialog: Boe
dialog: 52
dialog: 40,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I was testing youl
text: Yielding to a swift impulse, Smith puts his arms around
text: her, presses her to him and kisses her forehead. Then he
text: is frightened -- when she goes so pale, closing her eyes,
text: so that the long, dark lashes lie still on her cheeks; when
text: she sighs with answering love. He runs his hand over her
text: young shoulders, wondering how much she knows. She
text: unhitches her apron, She is without shame. Smith has
text: never seen anything so beautiful. She sinks to her knees
text: and draws him gently down beside her.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Do you know what you’ re doing?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Do you?
dialog: {he nods)
dialog: Then why are you afraid?
speaker_heading: SMITH -
dialog: Afraid?
text: They are silent for a time. Then she gets back up and
text: slips her apron on, smiling at him mysteriously.
text: She takes his hand, puts it to her heart, her forehead.
text: She rubs her nose against his, then quietly Slips off inta
text: the pines. At last they close around her, and she is gone,
text: Smith feels happy and triumphant. Shivers run through his
text: limbs and a vague alarm. This is the beginning of -- what?
text: He walks around to get on terms with thesa new sensations.
dialog: To hold in his fingers such a wild flower, to put it to his
text: lips and feel it tremble with delight against them! What
dialog: intoxication and -- embarrassment! What to do with her -~-
dialog: how to meet her next time?
text: Returning through the woods, he sees his guards waving to
text: him. The Emperor has summoned him.
scene_heading: INT. POWHATAN’S LODGE - SMOKE - CG PARAKEET
text: Smith enters Powhatan’s lodge. He understands Algonquin
text: now and does not have to wait for an interpretation, though
text: he replies to Powhatan in English.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: I think your people come to take our
text: land away.
dialog: 41.
text: Smith has come to feel a bond with Powhatan’s people that
dialog: he did not feel before. He wants to speak honest Ly.
text: Because ha cannot, he keeps silent.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: Go back to them and tell them what you
dialog: have seen. You can say that we ara
dialog: weak, that wa lie around in our
dialog: hammocks the whole day long and can
dialog: be taken with your muskets. Or you
dialog: can say that, though we live in peace,
dialog: we yet are strong, that you have seen
dialog: an Empire all of whose sons and
dialog: daughters, nephews and nieces are
dialog: ready to die to preserve their land,
dialog: at their King’s command. You can say
dialog: that his kingdom is very great, that
dialog: it extends for many weeks’ journey,
dialog: that he has green fields and great
dialog: storehouses of corn. What-‘you all
dialog: them will either discourage them or
dialog: arouse their lust. Tell them what you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I shall.
speaker_heading: POWHRATAN
dialog: You Tassantasses ask what lies to the
text: west, beyond the mountains and the
dialog: falls. Believe me, there is no
text: saltwater. The rivers dwindle into
text: streams. The hills rise up in
dialog: forests, But there is no sea to the
text: west, only the land stretching away
dialog: forever in great meadows, where
text: wanderars follow the buffalo herds.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Has anyone gone so far he can say
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: "” POWHATAN
dialog: Remember that while you are a
dialog: Tassantasse, and the son of your King,
dialog: you are my son, too, We must not
dialog: spend our lives fighting one another.
dialog: There is no sensa in taking by force
dialog: what you may have for love or
dialog: destroying those who provide you with
dialog: food. What can you get by war when we
dialog: can hide cur stores and fly to the
dialog: woods? You would famish for wronging
dialog: us, your friends.
speaker_heading: (MORE }
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN (cont’d)
dialog: Do you think I am so foolish not to
dialog: know that it is better to aat good
dialog: Maat, to sleep peacefully with my
dialog: women and children, to laugh and ba
dialog: merry with you, to have copper and
dialog: hatchets and other goods, than to be
text: forced to flee, to lie cold in the
text: woods, to feaad on acorns and roots and
dialog: be hunted by you so that I can neither
dialog: rest, nor eat nor sleep? What I say
dialog: is true. The earth hears me. The sea
dialog: hears me. Shall I lie?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I trust not.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: My councillors tell me that I should
dialog: have you killed. You have gained a
dialog: knowledge of our arms and our strong
dialog: places. But my daughter assures that
dialog: you are a good man, and I do not like
dialog: to kill. Men should live in peace. .
dialog: What need is there to hate and kill
dialog: and steal? Wa take what we nead. We
dialog: ask no more, We belong to this earth.
dialog: Wa were made when this earth was made.
dialog: Why do you bother us? What kind of
dialog: people to you think we are? Let the
dialog: streams of life flow in peace. Let us
dialog: change this earth and make it better.
dialog: All the people in the world ought to
dialog: love it and speak well of it, always.
dialog: Then it will last forevar, and the
text: trees will never caase to bloom.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I hope, as you do, for quiet days and
dialog: long life. I believe wa can live in
dialog: peace.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: Then leave us, You will turn the
text: world upside down. Looking for what
dialog: you might have found at home. Go back
dialog: where you came from. We are stronger
dialog: than you. We shall destroy you if you
dialog: don’t. I will send you back with a
dialog: supply of food. Wea giva you this and
dialog: no more,
text: Powhatan dips his hands in ashes and washes them .
text: thoroughly, then rinses them in another bowl and dries them
text: on a bunch of feathers.
dialog: 
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
text: An attendant steps forward and gives h
text: inhales deeply and passes it to Smith.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: I wonder who you are, Smith.
dialog: at you and I think, “There’s
dialog: 43.
dialog: ima pipe. Ha
dialog: I look
dialog: nothing
dialog: ill can dwell in him.” I hope tha
dialog: time Will never come when I shall say,
dialog: I should have killed this fine man.
dialog: Can I trust you more now than when you
dialog: first came to this city?
text: Smith smiles at Powhatan, more than an
dialog: him,
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: admirer ~- in awe of
dialog: I believe so. I believe, anyway, that
dialog: we gan work out our differences. I
dialog: will do all that I can to see that it
dialog: is done.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Before you leave, I offer you this
dialog: vanity of mine. It was brought to me
dialog: from a land to the South.
text: Indian dancers enter, singing wild mel
dialog: eodies, and present
text: him with a brilliant Carolina parakeet.
scene_heading: EXT. POWHATAN’S LODGES
text: The Indians bid Smith a fond farewell.
dialog: deep respect for him, and he for them.
text: alona does not smile.
dialog: They have gained a
speaker_heading: Opechancanough
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - SMITH AND POCAHONTAS - LATER
text: Smith walks along with his arm over Pocahontas’ shoulder.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I imagined you would never 1
dialog: I had no right to think so.
dialog: many things I want to say.
dialog: going to happen?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: - POCAHONTAS
dialog: You won't forget me?
text: He looks at her. It strikes him that
text: with a near child.
dialog: eave us.
dialog: There are
dialog: What is
dialog: he has fallen in love
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You trust ma?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Yes -- I do. Think of me alone, days
text: and days, in the wood, waiting for
dialog: you, all the time saying, “Come
dialog: quickly, John. How long you are.” Oo
dialog: John, how happy we shall bal!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I must go. Tha favor of kings is a
dialog: slippery boon. Thay withdraw it as
dialog: lightly as they grant it.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I will not be troubled. As little as
dialog: the sky. I will watch for your
dialog: signal.
text: She walks quickly off.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Smith picks up his armor and slings it over his shoulder.
text: The braves who will conduct him to the fort tie a blindfold
text: around his eyes.
text: Pocahontas watches him go, confident things will work out
text: for the best. Whan her father comes upon her, she gives
text: him an uneven look.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: I want you to promise me one thing.
dialog: That you will put your people befora
dialog: all alse in the world -~ aven your own
dialog: heart.
text: She nods.
text: EXT, A PATH THROUGH THE WOODS
text: Blindfolded, smith'follows the caravan of Indians through
dialog: the woods. .
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN FORT
text: Smith walks down the road to the Jamestown fort. It is
text: just after sunrisa. The English sentries ara fast asleep.
text: The Indians stop a hundred feet away. Smith locks up. The
text: gates are decorated with the skulls of deer and.bear. What
dialog: will stepping back into this other world mean? Will he
text: forget? It seams he goes forward by a conscious act of
dialog: will,
dialog: oo
dialog: 58
dialog: 45,
text: A sentry wakes up. He gasps at the Indian caravan, then at
dialog: Smith himself -- this man whom they had given up for dead,
text: to discover him so utterly changed.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Captain Smith!
text: He goes running through the colony to announce Smith's
dialog: arrival,
speaker_heading: SECOND SENTRY
dialog: The Savages will have to stop here,
text: Captain. Raasons of security.
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: We don’t want ‘em to know we’re
dialog: mortal.
text: Smith gestures to the Indians that they should set their
text: gifts down. They are only too glad to leave,
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - SMITH ASTONISHED AT THE CHANGE
text: Within the walls of the fort averything is topsy-turvy.
text: Along the street of sailcloth roofs the houses are falling
text: down, the faw that have been completed. The men limp out
text: ef their tents and dugouts, pale with rickets and
text: dysentery, like the inmates of a concentration camp.
text: Smith finds WILF, the cabin boy, drawing water. His feet
text: are dusty and bleeding. He has bowed legs and sharp, ugly
text: eyes. Yat still he is as swaggaring a boy as ever stood
text: four feat, six inehes tall. He offers Smith a drink.
speaker_heading: WILP
dialog: You have to quaff it now. Somebody
dialog: else wants the tumbler.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What’s happened here? Where is
dialog: Captain Newport?
speaker_heading: WILF
dialog: Gone back to England, sir, with all
dialog: three ships -- to get supplias, new
dialog: men. He left Captain Ratcliffe in his
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And Ratcliffa, where is he?
speaker_heading: WILF
dialog: (evasively)
dialog: Why ~-- he’s gone, sir. We expect he
dialog: perished. Nobody knows.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 46,
speaker_heading: WILF (contd)
dialog: I mean, there’s talk about this and
dialog: that, but nobody knows, in the proper
dialog: sense of the word. One day he just
dialog: vanished like a ghost!
text: Ill-looking faces jut out of doors, register amazement,
text: then withdraw inte. the darkness, The dirty juvenile with
text: the manners of a man begins to whisper, worried he will be
dialog: overheard,
speaker_heading: WILE
dialog: Since you left half of ‘em has diad.
dialog: Crops all failed. Seeds won’t take
dialog: root. We got nothing to eat. This
text: morning there’s another four gone.
dialog: You find them laying out on the
text: doorstep, dogs sniffing them, the ones
dialog: they still hadn’t set to eatin’. I
dialog: grew up in Brighton, but I swear
dialog: before Almighty God, I never seen the
dialog: like. The gangs, they bully around
dialog: and steal from the store, gamble and -
dialog: keep us all on short rations whilst
dialog: they have their fill.
dialog: {over such scenes)
dialog: They don’t fool me. They cuff me
dialog: about but I just looks at them cold-
dialog: like, you see. They know what I’m
dialog: thinking. Hoho! Don’t they imagine I
dialog: got my own ways of dealing with
dialog: things? -No, oh no, by no means!
text: He slyly removes a knife from the crown of his hat.
dialog: Suddenly,
speaker_heading: WILF
dialog: Don’t fret your ayelids on that score!
text: They bowl while the houses fall down.
text: Nobody pays attention or obeys the
dialog: other’s commands! Be a charmer, don’t
dialog: noise it about I told you soa.
text: Wingfield walks up and cuffs the boy aside.
speaker_heading: “| WINGFIELD
dialog: Winsome boy. I feel about him as
dialog: though he were my own son.
text: He struts around like a Japanese swordsman, all glower and
text: bluster, backed by six other pirates armed with swords and
text: matchlocks.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: You look quite well, Smith. Been
dialog: anjoying yourself, have you? Been
dialog: enjoying yourself mightily, I expect.
dialog: 47.
text: From his regimen of venison and corn, Smith looks
text: shockingly healthy next to tha other Englishmen, evan
text: Wingfield and his henchmen, who have fared better than the
dialog: rest.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: You were sant to relieve our
dialog: situation, not to pleasure yourself.
dialog: We here have suffered.
dialog: {nodding at Wilf)
dialog: Been telling you a lot of stories, has
dialog: a?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: As a good citizen, I ignore the
dialog: stories which bring officialdom into
dialog: disrepute.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: No speeches, Smith. Things are
dialog: differant now, We can’t gat away with
dialog: cheek. Allow cheek, and we shall have
dialog: chaos. I -wear a medal now, I am the
dialog: President. You were stripped of your
dialog: captaincy.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: May I know why?
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: Someday, yes, but let's not talk about
dialog: that now. As a matter of fact, you'd
dialog: be considerably happier if you didn’t
dialog: make my job more tiring than it
dialog: already is. You shortly will be
text: arrested in the nama of His Lordship,
dialog: King James, and confined to the
dialog: fortress.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What is tha charge against me, if I
dialog: may know?
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: Caused tha death of two good
dialog: Englishmen. Than you deserted.
dialog: Furthermore, you have allowed the
dialog: Naturals to see the state of our
dialog: extremity.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Are you qualified to pass judgment on
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: That needn’t concern you at present.
dialog: Pity you were not here to defend
dialog: yourself in person at the trial, I
dialog: assume your guilt made you afraid to
dialog: return,
dialog: He waits to sea if Smith will be provoked into defi
text: but Smith only stares at him. © defiance,
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: My trial?
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: You were tried during the period of
dialog: your desertion.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: This does not amuse me,
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: Then you will be even less amused to
dialog: learn that you were condemned to
dialog: death,
text: Crazy with hunger, the English fall madly on Powhatan’s
text: gifts, cheering Smith as a hero. His parakeet flies away.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: What did you offer them in return for
dialog: these bats’ tails and what-have~-you?
text: He gestures contemptuously at Powhatan’s gifts, while his
text: cronies bully the others out of the way to make sure they
dialog: gat the lion’s share.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: Nocturnal creatures!
text: He sticks his sword into a raccoon and throws it to a man
dialog: to whom ha owas a favor.
speaker_heading: - WINGFIELD
dialog: (to his henchmen)
dialog: Send them a dozen of those red top
dialog: hats. And the bed in which Master
dialog: Godfrey died, since none will sleep in
dialog: it. And Nelson’s cur. The ever so
dialog: poxey one. They haven’t one of those,
dialog: I suppose.
text: He points to a sickly greyhound. Argall steps forward and
text: speaks directly to Smith, ignering Wingfield.
dialog: 48.
dialog: as.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: He keeps the best food for himself,
dialog: Captain, and gives us rotten corn.
dialog: Being an atheist, he has no Bible,
dialog: which you can go down there right now
dialog: and prove. You'll find he also has a
dialog: Spanish grammar, for reasons which are
text: unclear, except parhaps to a Papist
dialog: scholar.
text: Smith studies the motley crew. He has just come from
dialog: peopla who asked for nothing and gave away everything in
text: return. He feels a disgust with their selfishness, greed
text: and complaint. He sees in tham the person he was four
dialog: months ago and must never allow himsalf to ba again,
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: He was planning to take the boat and
dialog: leave us here while he ran off to
dialog: Newfoundland. His name is not even
dialog: Wingfield. Woodson -- Woodson’s the -
dialog: name, Charming. Left England under a
dialog: cloud of disgrace, he did. A master
dialog: forger. Charming in tha extreme.
dialog: Ever so charming.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: Seize them. Anyone impeding the
dialog: punishment of these rogues will be
dialog: dealt with harshly.
text: Wingfield’s men move to arrest Smith and Argall. smith
text: draws his sword. They challenge him with theirs, but they
dialog: are no match, evan in numbers. With dazzling skill, he
text: dispatches three of them. As the crowd sees his strength
dialog: and the chance to turn the tide of things at the fort, they
text: join him. Wingfield’s man are soon overpowered.
speaker_heading: WINGFIELD
dialog: You want to gat rid of me, eh? Give
dialog: me the old heave-ho? Let ma tell you,
dialog: thera’s not a square-head here man
dialog: enough to get away with that. Don’t
dialog: start anything you can’t finish. Will
dialog: you all be witnesses to this? Stop
dialog: now or I shall report this mutiny to
dialog: London. It could be ugly.
speaker_heading: . ARGALL
dialog: Quite ugly.
text: A sword tip explodes through Wingfield’s armor. Argalil has
text: come up behind him and run him through. Smith stares at
text: Argall, stunned by this naked act of murder.
dialog: 50.
dialog: The others seem accustomed to such goings-
dialog: for the, entertainment. gonngeron and grateful
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: Dead as a ‘erring, Serve ‘im right.
dialog: Puttin’ on airs!
text: With a flick of his sword, Smith sends the murd,
text: flying from Argall’s hands. meer weapon
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: I was only trying to help you.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Arrest this man.
text: A man named Small steps forward.
speaker_heading: SMALL
dialog: I can ratify what Mr. Argall said,
dialog: {toeaing Wingfield) .
dialog: He refused to give me a chicken or
dialog: return the whistle I gave him in
dialog: payment for it. In fact, one morning
text: while conniving with his friend Mr.
dialog: Ackley here, he even refused to give
dialog: me a spoonful of beer. Were we in
dialog: England, I should be ashamed to let my
dialog: servant keep company with such
dialog: fellows.
speaker_heading: ACKLEY
dialog: You never had a servant. You were
dialog: one. I ate a single chicken, and that
dialog: when I was very ill. Small here ‘as
dialog: aaten six, a number of which he could
dialog: not be troubled to cook. For myself I
dialog: can prove that he begged in Ireland
dialog: like a regue, without a license. I
dialog: know his games. [I know the criminal
dialog: mind.
text: Argall steps forward, swallowing his pride.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: I say it’s Captain Smith should lead
dialog: us.
text: The men raise a cheer of agreement. After all, he has
text: saved them from starvation, Ackley strips the President’s
text: medallion off Wingfield and puts it over Smith’s neck.
text: With a wave of his hand, Smith rescinds the order for
text: Argall’s arrest.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: Sl.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Tf I lead you, you’ll listen to me and
dialog: respect my orders. The gentlemen will
dialog: be obliged to bend their backs and
dialog: obey with the rest. I haven’t had the
dialog: opportunity to look into it, but it
dialog: seems that quite a few of you imagine
dialog: that you’re still in London. 1/11 be
dialog: a worse tyrant than this man was.
dialog: (nedding at Wingfield)
dialog: So make up your minds. We are not
dialog: going to have an easy time with the
dialog: Naturals. We are superior to them in
dialog: arms but not in numbers, nor in
dialog: character. They are a formidable
dialog: enemy. Unless we leave by spring,
dialog: they will attack us. If you don’t put
dialog: things in order, they will see how
dialog: great our need is and be tempted to
dialog: attack before then. It appears we
dialog: might have picked a poxey spot to
dialog: land. And you thought you'd come to
dialog: the land of Cockaigne! But that’s a
dialog: matter I’11 take up with Captain
text: Newport when he returns. Meanwhile,
dialog: it will be all wa can do to survive.
dialog: These gifts will last a month. And
dialog: soon the snows will fly. But with a
dialog: united will we can hold out, and
dialog: shall, What say you, then?
text: The men raise a great cheer. Smith finds himself beaming
text: with pleasure at their approbation. They. snatch up his
text: gifts and carry him off on their shoulders. .
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENT’S OFFICE
text: Smith enters the office reserved for the President of the
text: Colony. There is a bust of King James, a crucifix, a globe
text: and astrolaba -- serious badges of office and English
text: refinement in primitive Jamestown. He caresses them with
text: his hand. Suddenly he laughs out loud. So fortune has
dialog: tossed him up for'’a while! How long will he ride the wave?
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN - MONTAGE, INC POCAHONTAS’ POV
text: Smith walks around the fort, supervising its restoration.
text: New buildings go up: a brickworks, a potter's shed and a
text: pit saw. He is not above rolling up his own sleeves to
dialog: help in the work, .
text: The men quarrel over everything: building a wall, portions
dialog: of food, the date of the year.
dialog: 61
dialog: 52.
dialog: (These scenes will be improvised, Smi i
dialog: disputes in a wisa, clever way. us qualities oe thease
text: leadership make all tha men lock up to him. He continues
dialog: to wear his unconventional wardrobe -- feather headdress
text: buckskins, war paint. He even insists on sleeping outside
text: on the ground, as he did at Werowocomoco. The routine of ‘
dialog: his life, hia former thoughts and ambitions, seem futile
dialog: now, and artificial. What shall he do?
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Smith is joking with Ben, Ackley and some of the other men
text: when a fallow with a serious look interrupts him.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: What about the gold, Captain?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: Have you told us everything? I mean, :
dialog: did you see anything that raised your
dialog: hopes of a better life?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Gold, you mean? What do you care
dialog: about gold? You're on the verge of
dialog: starving. This is the most valuable
dialog: thing I brought you back.
text: He holds out a handful of corn seed.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: Who gave it to you? —
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: A friend.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: What about the soil, Captain? Is it
dialog: good as we thought?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: {avoiding their eyes)
dialog: Not really. In fact, I’ve rarely sean
dialog: so ill-appearing a pesthole. Look
dialog: about you. Everything’s gone to
text: swamp, with water standing in lakes
text: and pools, so the ground gives way
dialog: beneath your feat. I suspect there's
text: more puddles than dry land, producing
text: more mosquitoes in their slime than
text: there are beads in a nunnery -- and
text: each mosquito as hungry as a priest!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 62
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: SMITH (cont’d)
dialog: None but a savage could inhabit the
dialog: place, unless he was a bloody fool or
dialog: some other manner of ass. But west of
dialog: here, towards the mountain, or south --
dialog: that is somathing else.
text: It still is not clear what line Smith will be able to walk
dialog: between his duty to the English and his sympathy for the
text: Indians. He looks off toward the woods. The pines sway
text: back and forth in ecstasy.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICKAHOMINY RIVER - SHALLOP
text: Smith runs a flag up into the rigging of the shallop and
text: prepares to sat sail. The English wonder at this action.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (avoiding their eyes)
dialog: Where you would not dare to follow.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Don’t you think you should take some
dialog: men with you? It would be dangerous
dialog: sailing by yourself.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Let them come, if they please.
text: Ackley speaks with Smith privately.
speaker_heading: ACKLEY
dialog: Watch them, sir. They are a dangerous
dialog: lot.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: ACKLEY
dialog: To tell the truth, I don’t know how
dialog: much longer I can last, Captain. I
dialog: seen too much.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You'll last, my friend. Have hope.
text: Smith boards the shallop and, with a squad of English
text: soldiers, sets out up tha river.
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: Post a sentry at the point. The rest
dialog: of you wait for me here. If they come
dialog: to look at you, leave them alone.
dialog: 63
dialog: 54,
text: He collects a sack of copper hatchets, beads, combs and red
text: hats -~ the English wares most popular with the natives.
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP FOREST ~ SMITH’S FOVS
text: Smith stops and looks around. The half-moon has just
text: risen. The trees beckon him on. They seem to run off to
text: the uttermost ends of the earth.
text: His romance with the Indian girl seams far off, unreal.
dialog: Has he put himself in a false position? What ara his
text: intentions? He almost dreads seaing her -- would it not be
dialog: almost a relief if she did not appear? -- and yet, when she
text: does not come right away, he feels vexed and disappointed.
text: By the confidence with which she walks her path, she
dialog: convinces him that another way exists than that which his
text: feet have known. She releases his soul from its captivity.
text: She breaks up the frozen sea of his heart. He conceives
dialog: hopes that he never imagined it was in his power to
text: cenceive; the walls of his habitual life fall away and
text: leave him in a wide field, in that new world which he
text: hitherto sought in vain, and which he now knows, not by
text: satting his foot on the Virginia shore, but in the sight of
text: her, in her touch, in the joy and grace she radiates.
text: By and by he hears the sound of footsteps. He sees her
text: coming toward him and, in a voice that seems not quite his,
text: he says her name. She seems to look right into him. He
dialog: never before realized the depth and purity, the touching
text: faithfulness, of her dew-bright eyas. He feels his heart
text: and senses unfolding. She is all simple nature and beauty,
dialog: ag much a part of this October evening as the falling
dialog: leaves. How should he not take all that she would give
dialog: him, how not fulfill the spring in her heart and his? What
dialog: did he know of love, until he seized har hand and kissed
dialog: it? And now -- what does he not know?
text: Their lips seek each other’s, and still they do not speak.
text: The moment speach begins all will be unreal.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Why did you come here?
text: She looks up, hurt, amazed.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Sir? You asked me to.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Don’t call me sir, my pretty sweet.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: What shall I call you?
dialog: 
dialog: $5.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: John.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: What have you sean? Your eyes are
dialog: like -- stones.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I’ve had nothing but aggravation.
text: Half are sick, the others lunging at
text: each other’s throats like they ware in
dialog: Brighton Way, They’d do anything for
dialog: money. They’d risk damnation in this
dialog: world and the next. And me, a good
text: Man by any lights, moving among such
dialog: people!
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Send them away.
speaker_heading: SMITE
dialog: Away?
dialog: (after a silence)
dialog: How many lands behind me! How many
dialog: seas! What blows, dangers! My soul
text: hungered after far horizons. Now
dialog: there is only this contention with
dialog: fools, this ignoble war with little
dialog: things.
dialog: (pacing)
dialog: It has always been so. I can naver
dialog: Stay on land for long. It scorches my
dialog: feet. It always disappoints. There
dialog: is comfort and safety in the port,
text: hearthstone and supper, warm blankets,
dialog: friends. But always I find that I
dialog: still am not where I must be. Always
dialog: shut up somewhere. Cut off. Starved.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Look before you. We could live in the
dialog: woods, I know a place. There is a
dialog: waterfall there. A bed of moss. I’ve
dialog: never shown it to anyone. I waited.
dialog: (caressing his face)
dialog: My brother will take care of us. He
dialog: told ma that he would. Make a sign,
dialog: John. Tell ma if I should keep on.
dialog: {suddenly alarmed)
dialog: I wish for you when you’re gone. I
dialog: look for you. I wonder if the others
dialog: can tell.
dialog: 36.
text: Smith reaches for her, but she skips back out of reach.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: It was never so before.
text: Smith looks at her with love rising in his heart like the
text: scent of a crushed herb. Her heart is a nest, untouched by
dialog: grief.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Can it be that wa have met again?
dialog: That I can look again into your ayes --
dialog: hold you again in my arms at last?
dialog: And I so changed -- so different!
dialog: Have I answered you -- have I come to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Yes...No, it is not you.
dialog: {after a moment)
dialog: Is it you?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Say it again, my sweet. Speak. I
dialog: cannot live or breathe until I.am next
dialog: to you, and I can feel your hand.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I waited -- watched -- so many days --
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And 1 treated you so unkindly! Ah, my
dialog: guardian angel, my light in the
dialog: darkness, how I hate myself for giving
dialog: you pain! There is something I know
dialog: when I am with you that I forget whan
dialog: I am away. Tell me, my sweet, did you
dialog: wish me to come back and liva with you
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: . BOCAHONTAS
dialog: {suddenly afraid)
dialog: You must not look into my eyes. You
dialog: must not touch me.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I must hold your hand when I speak
dialog: with you.
text: He at last has found a passage to the other sea. He steps
text: up to her and touches her belly. She is ~~ so open, so
text: unafraid. He bobs like a cork on the ocean of her
dialog: movements.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES OVERHEAD - SMITH’S AWAKENING
text: The world spins to a stop The moon peers at Smith thr
dialog: : 7 ough
text: the pines. Flecks of moss drift down from the upper $
dialog: branches.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We can’t go inte the forest. Could I
dialog: show you England? I would take cara
dialog: of you, I promise. I would never be a
dialog: brute to you. But no, it is too far.
dialog: You would perish there.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: If I can be with you, that is all.
text: He gazes at her. She is a lady, a flower, a jewal. The
text: woods murmur about them. He looks out on a new creation; a
dialog: landscape as lovely as a lost Eden. O his America, his new
dialog: found land, how blessed he is in discovering her, and in
text: full nakedness; unbound. The curtain is lifted, and he
text: sees with the eyes of his soul. But even as he does, and:
text: knows this is what he has always bean waiting for, striving
text: for, he fears that he might be overwhelmed -- that he might
text: not be equal to what he has known but disintegrate under
text: its pressure. There is a temptation to rush back into the
text: comforting darkness of his former life.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN CAMP
text: Smith has no luck trading at a nearby camp. Huddled in
text: their fur robes by a blazing fire, the Indians point to the
dialog: sky. Soon winter will ba here.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICKAHOMINY RIVER
text: On his way back to the boat, Smith runs into one of the
text: English sentries.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ” SENTRY
dialog: I beg your pardon, sir. You were gone
dialog: longer than wa expected. Appears I
dialog: let myself wander a bit. Things go
dialog: badly?
text: Like the others, he is under the impression that Smith’s
dialog: purpose here was to trade with the Indians. Smith dees not
text: reply. The sentry smiles, vaguely aware that his captain
dialog: is hiding something. . .
dialog: 
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: EXT. SHALLOP MOVING DOWNRIVER
text: Smith watches his English friends. After his ti i
dialog: h n : ma awa’
dialog: the weeds : tear ertsP: slangy talk is queer at first, than
dialog: so natura at the scene he has come from begi
dialog: remote and incredible. egins to seem
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST, CLOUDS
text: Pocahontas movas through the nconday darkness of the woods.
text: They are vocal with the songs of birds and running water.
scene_heading: EXT, JAMESTOWN FORT
text: During Smith’s absence, there has been a stabbing.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And what was your disagreement about?
speaker_heading: STABBED MAN
dialog: He said it was the fifteenth of
dialog: November, I said the seventeenth.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You were fighting about the date of
dialog: the year.
speaker_heading: ASSAILANT
dialog: Not entirely. He made comments to the
dialog: effect that my education was something
dialog: less'’n his.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I am gone two days, and you fall right
dialog: back into your old ways! What has
dialog: been going on here? Didn’t I tell you
dialog: to dig a new well -- farther from the
dialog: river? Why hasn’t this bean done?
text: They offer their excuses. Smith feels uneasy. Has his
dialog: romance with Pocahontas caused him to shirk his duty? This
text: feeling of guilt -- utterly unjustified guilt -~ sends him
text: into a rage.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Every man will stop what he is doing
text: right now and start digging the wall.
dialog: Those that can’t carry the dirt in
dialog: buckets will carry it off with their
dialog: hands:
scene_heading: 70 EXT. WELL (INCLUDING POV FROM BOTTOM)
dialog: Every man in the colony works at digging the well i
dialog: : . a
dialog: impractical way that Smith has insisted upon. n the
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: {to Ben)
dialog: See what men they’ve sent us. A
dialog: headless multitude! They will not sow
dialog: corn for their own bellies. They
dialog: would rather eat their fish raw than
dialog: go a stone’s cast to fetch wood and
dialog: dress it.
dialog: " {after a pause)
dialog: Are there yet blissful isles one might
dialog: stear for from England's wreck? How
dialog: could one know happiness there, where
dialog: all is false and in decline?
text: 70B EXT. A CLEARING IN THE PINES
text: The wind flows in melody through the sky~loving treas. .
text: Pocahontas looks up.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (0.S.)
dialog: {to har mother)
dialog: He makes my heart like water. He
dialog: drinks from my heart like a deer from
text: a stream.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: VW. EXT. VIRGINIA LANDSCAPES - SNOW - POCAHONTAS
text: The winter snow tumbles down, veiling the fort and the
text: fields beyond, the woods and rocky shores in white, seeming
text: nowhere to alight. It falls, too, on the Indian longhouses
text: and the dark Chesapeake waves. It lies thickly drifted on
text: the crooked crosses and headstones of the Jamestown
text: graveyard, on the spears of tha little gate and the thorns
dialog: that lie beneath it.
speaker_heading: - WILF
dialog: (te Smith, afraid)
text: The oysters area gona from the shore,
dialog: sir, and the birds that were in the
dialog: trees.
text: Drawing Smith’s jacket tight about her shoulders,
text: Pocahontas watches the snow. Presently she looks up as a
text: white owl flies overhead.
dialog: ms
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (0.8.)
dialog: Where is he now? His head lies on my
dialog: heart. Carry my love to him.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN FORT
text: Smith watches, too, as the English wander around in the
text: grip of malaria and blackwater fever, raving like madmen,
dialog: Epidemic has done in more than half of them, starvation the
text: rest. Less than fifty people remain alive of the original
dialog: two hundred. Every morning there are half a dezen new
text: deaths. The corpses are dumped in the river; no one has
text: the strength to dig in the frozen ground.
speaker_heading: ANGRY MAN
dialog: Somebody should shoot Jonson there.
dialog: He hasn’t got'a ghost of a chance, and
dialog: he’s going to contaminate us all. He
dialog: used Wortham’s spoon -- now Wortham’s
dialog: gone. My friend! Have we got to wait
dialog: till all is dead? Here he comes now.
text: The men dodge out of Jonson’s way and pick up rocks to
text: throw at him in case he comes too close,
speaker_heading: JONSON
dialog: I’ve only get a couple more days,
dialog: Captain. The men can eat me if they
dialog: like, I should like to be helpful in
dialog: whataver way I can.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Thank you, Jonson, We shall call upon
dialog: you if we have to.
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLES
text: Brawls erupt over food and small possessions. The settlers
text: boil their belts and harnesses and eat them. They commit
text: murder for matches. They eat dogs, cats, even rats. But
text: civilization, aven such as it exists, begins to work its
text: effect on Smith. Every one of his compatriots is an avenue
text: that leads him back into his former ways of thinking.
text: Wilf, the cabin boy, cheers him with memories of youth and
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Are you happy?
speaker_heading: WIL
dialog: Why showldn’t I be?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What makes you happy?
dialog: 
dialog: 74
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: WILF
text: The sunshine. The sky at night. But
dialog: especially, I likes it when things
dialog: goes my way.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What did you do before you came here?
speaker_heading: WILF
dialog: My eyes -~ how green, how green!
dialog: Asking all these questions!
text: Smith laughs, The domestic intimacy of the fort brings him
text: around and makes the magic city and even Pocahontas seem
dialog: unreal. Did he really make lova to her, really promise to
dialog: take her away to live with him? The notion that ha could
text: make her his mistress fills him with a sort of horror, even
text: while it still whips and stings his blood. He wonders what
dialog: came into him. He feels he has been awful, then in the
dialog: Next moment that his behavior was quite sane.
speaker_heading: SOLDTER
text: Sir, Ackley’s dead. And, directly,
text: somebody ate his hands.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Smith finds Ackley sitting in a chair in his Sunday best,
text: the end of a musket in his mouth.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: (pilfering Ackley’s things)
dialog: Went out in the ‘eight of style,
dialog: anyhow. Such tranquility -~ look at
dialog: him! You'd think he could speak,
text: His hands have been chopped off and taken for food. Tha
text: sight of it turns Smith’s stomach.
scene_heading: SECOND SOLDIER .
dialog: I shall miss him. I think we all
dialog: shall.
speaker_heading: SMITH .
dialog: Bury him. And put this in the morning
dialog: report.
speaker_heading: SECOND SOLDIER
dialog: Are you quite sure, siz?
speaker_heading: SMITH |
dialog: Spare no detail.
dialog: Nee
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
text: TIGHT ON SMITH
text: Again he thinks about her. Ha agonizes over what he should
dialog: do. Only a few months ago, ha held her to him under the
text: blue strong sky, kissing her eyes and lips. He gasps,
text: swept by this rush of remembrance, and is back with her
text: again, back in the rapture of his kisses on her upturned
text: face of innocence and humble passion, back in the suspense
dialog: and beauty of that pagan night,
text: He looks around him. What would the others think of such
text: wild, unlawful loving? He wonders if he really loves her,
dialog: or if he only wants her because she is so pretty and lovas
dialog: him,
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN FORT - INDIAN PROCESSION ~- MUSIC
text: The English line the walls of tha fort. Beyond it lies a
text: sight to astonish them. Pocahontas is leading a. great
text: procession of Indians toward the gates -~ braves with
text: carcasses of dear and braces of turkey slung from poles
text: over their shoulders, women with large reed baskets of
text: cernbread and raccoon.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Pocahontas and Smith find themselves alone for a moment as
text: the English fete their red saviors, overwhelmed by this
dialog: gratuitous act of generosity.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: They all bow to you. The President!
dialog: My father will not let me bring you
dialog: anything more. He says we hardly have
dialog: enough for ourselves.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: IT understand.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I will do what I can.
speaker_heading: -’ SMITH
dialog: Don’t put yourself in danger. You
dialog: neadn’t do anything more ~- for us.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: If your people are hungry, they can
text: find shellfish under the ice.
text: Pocahontas looks puzzled. Smith casts about for the thing
dialog: he wants to say. What doas he risk doing to her? Has he
dialog: done it already?
dialog: 63.
dialog: -~ Somewhere in his heart he know i
dialog: s he will batray her, and
dialog: though he does not wish it, ha knows i i t
dialog: certainty. r 8 it with an utter
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Don’t trust me.
speaker_heading: FOCAHONTAS
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You don’t know who I am,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Of course I do. John. Why shouldn't
dialog: I do anything I can for you? I love
dialog: you. I like to show you that I do.
dialog: Does it make you uncomfortable when
dialog: they see you with me?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Sometimes.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: : I would be near you. You know that
dialog: e from the way I look at you, don’t you?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Yes. Yes I do, my love.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Why have you not come to me?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Thera are people dying around me here.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I know it is a terrible thing to say,
dialog: but how can you stay with them, John?
dialog: They’ re so fierca. They’re so dirty,
dialog: too, No wonder they dia.
dialog: (after a silence)
dialog: What can.you have to do, lova?
text: Living at the fort, Smith has come to see things with
text: English eyes again. Her age and her openness, the very
text: things that he treasures, embarrass him somewhat. He
dialog: remembers that at certain times he adores her; at other
dialog: times he can hardly recall who the person was that felt
text: this way. He is aware of a new world, a reality whose
dialog: existence he never had guessed or penetrated through to.
dialog: The whole scheme of his former life has been called inte
text: question and seams to him now like an illusion. But that
text: does not make it any less problematic; rather far more so.
dialog: ps
dialog: 78
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Does your mother speak with you still?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
text: Yes. She speaks in silence, like the
dialog: stars. And if I do not answer, she
dialog: says, “What could I say to you that I
dialog: have not told you in my own language?
dialog: Is it my fault that you have net
dialog: understood ma? You think I wished to
dialog: speak to your eyes and ears, and it
dialog: was my heart that spoke to you. In
dialog: truth, it was the heart.of all the
dialog: earth that spoke to you through mine.”
dialog: She is not here, but up there -- far!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: She is dead and cannot hear you.
dialog: Speak with me, dear -~ I am living and
dialog: can answer.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: The English give the Princess a round of applause as she
text: leaves, Passing back through the gates of the fort, Smith
text: comes to a stop. Wobblahead, the lunatic Indian whom Smith
text: met long ago in the longhouse at Rerowocomoceo, has come to
text: the fort during the night and is entertaining the men.
text: Smith watches as the fool, an axcellent mime, pretends to
text: mount an imaginary beast. One by one, the colonists break
text: into laughter. They seam to know nothing of Smith’s
dialog: romance and would not aven hold it against him if they did.
text: They respect him; they depend on him.
speaker_heading: BLACKSMITH
dialog: He’s coming to England with us! Tf
dialog: ‘ave agreed to become his manager. I
dialog: expect I shall soon be entertaining
dialog: divers offers.
text: Wobblehead nods and points over the seas, England’s
text: direction. A suspicious dog answers in the distance. The
text: crowd melts away. It is their uneasiness, more than
text: anything else, which causes Smith to ask if they were
text: amusing themselves at his expense.
text: Ha strides around, as though looking for a confrontation.
dialog: Why should he feel any tie to this sorry lot and their
dialog: selfish plans?°
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You, what were you laughing at?
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 65.
text: SMIRKING FELLOW
dialog: Why, I can't be sure. An idea that I
dialog: ‘ad in me ‘ead, Did I offend, sir? I
dialog: must be going. I got me chores.
text: He slinks off. Smith wonders how much he knows.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
text: Pocahontas walks along with a frown. What is she to make
dialog: of Smith’s words?
scene_heading: EXT. A CORN FIELD NEAR THE FORT - LATER
text: Spring has come, bringing sunny weather.
text: Indian scouts sneak up to a field near the fort, a sunken
text: enclosure camouflaged with vines, They strip the vines
text: back and peer inside. Befora them stand row upon row of
text: qreen shoots six inchas high -- baby corn plants. The
text: Indians’ leader darts inside and uprocts one to take back
dialog: to the Emperor.
scene_heading: INT. POWHATAN’S LODGE
text: Powhatan tosses the corn plant down in front of his
text: daughter. His voice is soft and loving.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: They do not mean to leave.
dialog: ({pausa)
dialog: This does net surprise me. What does
dialog: is how they found the seed and: where
dialog: to plant it. This the Tassantasses do
dialog: not know. And how did they find the
dialog: other things -- the oysters, the
dialog: turkeys’ aggs?
text: When Pocahontas starts to speak, he cuts her off. He does
dialog: not require an answer to these questions.
speaker_heading: . POWHATAN
dialog: He will forget you.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Have you no kind word for me, father?
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: No.
text: She jumps to her feet and leaves.
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: EXT. POWHATAN’S LODGE
text: Powhatan throws open the door of his lodge. Opechancanou
dialog: and the Chiefs of his Armies understand him and, with a *
dialog: great shout, repair to their units.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN FORT
text: A singla native scout observes a cross standing in the
text: midst of the wilderness. Then, coming into sight of the
text: fort, he solemnly plants three arrows in the road outside
dialog: ita walls, to serve warning of tha Emperor's intentions.
text: The English are by now accustomed to strange antics from
dialog: the Indians and give the business no thought.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Spearing gophers?
text: The Indian reaches into a pouch, mumbles an incantation and
text: casts a handful of dust in the sentry’s direction.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - INDIAN CAMPS
text: Powhatan casts tobacco leaves on the streaming grey waters
text: of the Chickahominy, to satisfy himself that the omens ara
text: good. The camps are a hive of silent activity as tha
text: Indians prepare to make war. Braves plunge their spears
text: into a log, working up their courage with whoops and cries.
text: They put on paint and smoke tobacco, say prayers and bid
text: goodbye to their children. Allies gather from distant
text: camps. Streams of warriors become whole rivers.
text: Pocahontas looks on with alarm.
scene_heading: EXT. WEROWOCOMOCO - DUSK
text: As dusk settles, Pocahontas walks around Werowocomoco,
text: shivering like a frightened deer.
scene_heading: INT, POWHATAN’S TEMPLE ~ DUSK
text: Powhatan has come to his principal temple to meditate
text: before the sacred hearth. The dancing firelight gives him
text: the appearance of a great conjurer.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: Find my daughter.
text: A brave clacks a hollow log.
scene_heading: EXT. TOBACCO FIELDS ~- POCAHONTAS - DUSK
text: Pocahontas hears the drums. Suddenly, she makes a
dialog: decision.
dialog: 88
dialog: ao
dialog: 90
dialog: 67.
text: With an air of nonchalance, she ambles through the main
dialog: gate into tha tobacco fields beyond. onl
dialog: YGols see hes cov ry miy the great wooden
text: Looking back from the cool dark rows of tobacco, her
text: kinsmen seem to her like people she knew in some time long
text: Past. With a sob rising to her throat, she turns
text: off into the woods. and runs
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DUSK
text: Pocahontas crashes through the mocnlit woods in a panic.
text: The pinas sway back and forth like a wild sea.
text: She stops for a moment ta listen to the drums, but they
text: only harden her determination, and she starts running
dialog: again.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN FORT - DAY-FOR-NIGHT
text: Pocahontas wakes up the English sentry at Jamestown.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: The Princess!
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Please get him! Hurry!
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: You won’t say that I was drowsing,
dialog: will you, Highness? No sooner did TI
dialog: shut me eyes than I was lifted out of
dialog: this wretched world and forgot me
dialog: duties!
scene_heading: EXT, A FIELD BEYOND THE FORT - DAY-FOR-NIGKT
text: Smith leads Pocahontas inte a field of leveled ground
text: beyond the fort. The twisted shapes of burnt-out tree
text: stumps loom up about them in the light of Smith’s hurricane
dialog: lantern.
speaker_heading: _ SMITH
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: The corn. He sees you mean to stay.
dialog: Do you? Do they?
text: Smith does not.answer. She is terribly upset about what
dialog: she is doing. ~
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Make peace with him before he comes.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: ‘2 won't accept peace. He'd be a fool
dialog: O.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You're going to fight a war with him?
dialog: Send them away. So many will die!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: IT won’t de that. They wouldn’t listen
dialog: to mea avan if I did. Why should they?
dialog: This earth is theirs as much ag it’s
dialog: yours, You own it, I know. Well, I
dialog: suppose you could say you’va owned it
dialog: long enough. Now othars are having
dialog: their turn,
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Besides, they have no boats to leave
dialog: in.
text: She is steadfast in ignoring the drift of what he says.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: We can go away. Wa can go where
dialog: nobody could find us.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Where? For how long? We can’t live
dialog: out in the woods. And the truth is I
dialog: could never take you to England with
dialog: ma, either. You don’t belong in that
dialog: world, You’d be like a plaything. A
dialog: curiosity. They make you over there.
dialog: They make you their own. They press
dialog: you small, lika Chinese feat.
text: Smith looks off into the woods. All at onca it strikes him
dialog: how terribly he has compromised har -- and that now he must
dialog: take a stand.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: This isn’t you, John. Don’t you
dialog: ramember?
text: But when she looks at his face, she sees that ha remembers
dialog: nothing of those other times.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Watchman! How many hours till the
dialog: dawn?
dialog: 69,
speaker_heading: SENTRY (0.8.)
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: Two, Captain!
text: Impulsively, Smith draws some beads and bells from a pouch
text: on his belt and offers them to her.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Here.
text: Bellis? She looks at him, unbelieving. He himself seems
text: horrified at what he is doing,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Why do you give ma these?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You’ ve done the English a service.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Let mea see your face. -
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: They should be thankful to you. You
dialog: have extended yourself for them -- now
dialog: more than once.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (very proud)
dialog: I have betrayed my father! Nothing
dialog: can reward me for that. If...he saw
dialog: me with these, he would take my life.
dialog: Here. Take them back.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: T can’t do what you wish.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: They care nothing for you. I can stop
dialog: my father. Tell them to leave.
speaker_heading: _., SMITH
dialog: They wouldn’t listen to me.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Never until this moment have you
dialog: spoken falsely. Why have you said
dialog: such things to me?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Truthful, pure as you, I cannot he.
dialog: 91
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I know that you would never deceive
dialog: me. I ran here through the forest.
dialog: Now I feal I’ve dona somathing very
dialog: wrong.
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Will you warn them?
text: Suddenly he regrets his cruelty. He takes her by the hand.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You have to come with me.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Inte the fort. Your people will know
dialog: you came. They’1ll find out soon
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS .
dialog: What will you do?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: My sweet, my woodland fairy, my
dialog: saviour, why do you fear ma? Do I now
dialog: seem to you dark and evil, but too
dialog: late for your peace, after the sweet
dialog: sickness of love has infected you?
text: He reaches out towards her, but she wrenches free and
text: retreats to the edge of the woods, stopping now and then to
text: look over her shoulder in a proud, confused way.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Stay! I must not let you go alone.
dialog: They will punish you,
text: When hea starts toward her, she turns and runs away.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS
text: Smith follows her. She is like some little dog which has
dialog: lost its master and dees not know whether to run on, to run
text: back -- where to turn. He seems on the verge of coaxing
text: her back when he sees a squad of Indian scouts advancing
text: through the woods.
text: He hides behind a tree. When he looks back, she is gone.
text: He has no alternative now. He turns back.
text: Meanwhile, Pocahontas abandons herself to her grief.
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 7h.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT - DAWN
text: Smith walks back into the fort. He cannot think clearly.
dialog: He does not know where his duty lias or whether ha even
text: cares anymore. He wonders what has made him change. He
text: remembers making vows to her, but they seem like the words
text: of a stranger.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Captain? Is anything wrong? Excuse
dialog: ma if I worry too much, but the ships
dialog: should’ve been ‘are weeks ago, and now
dialog: the men are talking -- ‘ave they
dialog: forgot about us?
text: Smith stares at him a long time before speaking. Shall he
dialog: obey the voice that in the forest commanded him? Shall he
dialog: live in this world or that other?
speaker_heading: SMITH :
dialog: Wake the men up. Silently. Have them .
dialog: report here. Don’t stand there. Go!
scene_heading: INT. SMITH’S TENT
text: Smith throws himself on his straw bed. For a moment’s
text: passion, he has cut her life to ribbons, perhaps sent her
dialog: off to her death. What would it mean, going to her now?
dialog: It would be madness.
text: Then, the memory of the poor, bewildered figure, of those
text: anxious eyes, digs into him again. In a seizure of
text: longing, the kind that comes upon one when life seems to be
text: carrying something out of reach, he leaps up. He wants her
text: again; her kisses, her soft body, her abandonment, all her
dialog: warm, pagan emotion; wants the wonderful feeling of that
text: night under the sighing pines; wants it all with a horrible
dialog: intensity.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT
text: Smith walks out toward the woods beyond the fort.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Captain? The men are ready.
dialog: What is it that struggles against pity and this feverish
dialog: longing and keeps him rooted here? He turns back, He will
dialog: think about it later.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS NEAR FORT ~- SUNRISE
text: As the sun rises through the cool blue canyons of the
text: pines, Pocahontas wanders along in a daze.
dialog: 96
dialog: 72,
text: Under the ganeralship of Opechancanough, the Indians move
text: quickly through the woods until they have surrounded the
dialog: ort.
text: A scout slips up through the wet marsh grass to the
text: palisade. At his signal, the Indian soldiers advance,
text: brandishing their spears and war clubs.
dialog: The English have been waiting for this moment. They roll
text: out their cannons and send a sickle of grapeshot through
text: the Indians’ front ranks.
text: Astonished, the Indians fall back, but the second and third
text: waves press blindly on. Before tha English can reload,
text: they are upon the walls. They fight with a blind
text: determination, but their light weapons are no match for
text: English steel. They retreat back into the field, where
text: again they are beset by the cannons. Yet still they rally
text: and make a second charge. Fresh troops constantly replace
dialog: those who have retired. In the same way that the English
text: pass orders by trumpets and drums, the Indians use heralds
dialog: to cry out when to attack and when to retreat. .
text: When an Englishman falls, the Indians stuff arrows up his
text: rectum and hack him to pieces, lopping off heads and hands
text: and private parts, waving the trophies aloft, laughing.
text: Musketeers advance into the field, each protected by a
text: Pikesman. They rest their heavy weapons on a stand, then
text: light off their hundred-caliber leads in a great cloud of
dialog: smoke.
text: Opechancanough is puzzled. How could the enemy have known
dialog: of the attack, as clearly thay did?
text: The Indians shout curses and accusations of betrayal at
text: Smith in Algonguin. He does not reply. His comrades look
text: to him for an explanation.
text: With his sword and bullwhip, Smith ranges out beyond the
text: fort to engage in single combat. Tears stream down his
text: face. His eyes are crazy and ferocious. He shrugs off his
text: wounds. He proves himself the bravest of the English, a
dialog: law unto himself. ©
text: Powhatan, sick at heart, watches the progress of the battle
text: from a cliff half a mile from the fort. Things do not go
text: well for the Indians; they are used to fighting in ambushes
text: and skirmishes, not pitched battles. Still, they vastly
text: outnumber the English and hope to wear them down.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN DRESSING STATION - POCAHONTAS
text: Pocahontas watches the Indian wounded being taken to the
text: rear. They bear their sufferings in silence.
dialog: 97
dialog: 73.
text: She wanders about in a turmoil of shame and bewilderment.
dialog: She cannot go back to her father -- what should she do?
dialog: How many yet will die on her account?
text: Her cousins and brothers look questioningly at her, knowing
dialog: she likes the English but hardly guessing the full extent
dialog: of what they would consider her treachery.
text: Suddenly she sees her brother Parahunt among the wounded.
text: A piece of shrapnel has torn through his belly; he will not
dialog: survive.
speaker_heading: PARARUNT
dialog: Something stung me, then I couldn’t
dialog: walk. Now I can’t move my shoulder,
dialog: sister. I’m cold. Cold!
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Here, rest. Help him!
speaker_heading: PARAHUNT
dialog: Sit down. Talk to me. Thera’s
dialog: nething you can do.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Don’t say that. Wait. Help him!
text: She runs off to lock for help, but she does not get far.
text: Two Indians seize her on order from the Emperor. They
text: ignore her protests -- that her brother is dying, that her
dialog: father will punish them when he finds out how they have
dialog: treated har.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN FORT
text: The attack seems to have abated, though a few Pamunkey
text: braves steal into the fortress through chinks in the wall
text: and tunnels they have dug. They fight blindly with knives
text: and tomahawks until they are contained and killed.
text: Lookeuts search the horizon. Smith knocks them from their
dialog: parch.
speaker_heading: “ SMITH
dialog: What are you looking for? There’s no
dialog: one coming to rescue you.
text: Flecked with blood, he walks through the stockade, sneering
text: at his soldiers.
dialog: BEN .
dialog: You seem pretty ‘appy.
dialog: 98
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Nothing intoxicates ma like disaster.
dialog: My past mistakes seem very small,
text: A wounded man pulls an arrow from his hand and waves it
text: hysterically at Smith.
speaker_heading: WOUNDED MAN
dialog: T‘m not entirely sure I shall have tha
dialog: use of this hand again. I liked it
dialog: while I had it. You sea, I was a
dialog: clerk when I left London. I never
dialog: thought I’d have any trouble with it.
dialog: Don’t walk off. What was they
dialog: shouting at you?
dialog: (Smith turns around)
dialog: You heard me! Don’t give ma that
dialog: poxey look. What did you do to them?
dialog: What did you do to gat them so oggly
dialog: about us? Why ‘ave I got to pay for
dialog: it?
dialog: (Smith dees not answer)
dialog: He’s not telling us something, and I
dialog: got a right to know. They won’t
dialog: respect our white flag. They won’t
dialog: receive our emissaries. There’s
dialog: something he’s not telling us!
speaker_heading: ‘ SMITH
dialog: Stupid as hogs, the lot of you.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: Now we're fighting with each other,
dialog: When the anemy’s out there preparing
dialog: to cut our throats!
text: Smith strides around, bristling with contempt.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Stupid as hogs.
dialog: {under his breath)
dialog: Always shut up somewhere.
text: Wobblehead, who knows no sides, gives Smith an apologetic
text: look. It is not in his nature to be sad for long, however.
text: He leaps in the air and runs off through the lanes, hooting
text: maniacally.
scene_heading: INT, SMITH’S TENT
text: Smith sulks in his tent like Achilles, Has he betrayed her
text: from a fear of his peers’ opinions, he who prides himself
dialog: on bending to no man? What need has he to justify himself
dialog: to the likes of them?
dialog: 
dialog: 39
dialog: 75.
dialog: A man with his fine sense of. honor cannot forgi i .
dialog: give himself
dialog: for acts that lesser men might consider trivial. Ben
dialog: enters,
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You must be more diplomatic.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What have I got to say? I can’t bring
dialog: my tongue to say it. What should I
dialog: do? Show them my wounds and tell them
dialog: how I gat them in their service, while
dialog: they ran from tha noise of their own
dialog: drums. Hang ‘em. I’d rather die than
dialog: crave their favor.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: They say you mock them. When our
dialog: patrols returned unharmed, you
dialog: expressed your regret. You call ‘em
dialog: enemies of true nobility.
speaker_heading: SMITH .
dialog: Yes. .
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Why do you want to lead them?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I deserve to. ©
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You have no desire to?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I have no desire to trouble the poor
dialog: with begging. Maybe you can give me a
dialog: box on the ear so I may look penitent.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Take care they don’t plant a deep
dialog: enough rage in you they make you one
dialog: of their own.
text: Smith walks outside. The Indians have broken off their
dialog: attack.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER
text: Stripped to his underwear, Smith plunges into the river.
text: The puzzled looks of the English give him an odd pleasure.
text: He swims farther and farther out, defying the danger of the
text: fast current and the hostile Indians on the other bank.
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 76,
text: To go back and love Pocahontas in the woods, with
text: everything around wild and fitting -- that, he knows, is
dialog: impossible, To transplant her to a great town; to keap in
dialog: some little room one who belongs so wholly to nature -- he
dialog: shrinks from this, In London her very simplicity, her lack
dialog: of all sophistication, would make her life a misery of
text: exile and alienation. But now that she is gone, he hates
dialog: bimsel£ and the English, with their smug ideas of right and
dialog: ty .
text: An ache for lost youth, a hankering, a sense of wasted love
text: and sweetness, grips him by the throat. Surely, on this
dialog: earth of such wild beauty, one is meant to hold rapture to
text: one’s heart as the earth and sky hold it. And yet it seems
dialog: that one cannot, or not for long.
dialog: What did he do that was wrong? Where is that new world in
dialog: which he found such happiness? Those woods, with their sky-
dialog: loving pines? .
scene_heading: EXT. POWHATAN’S CAMPAIGN TENT
text: Pocahontas is conducted to Powhatan’s campaign tent by an
text: official of the court. Shae takes a moment to compose
text: herself before she enters. She knows her father is aware
dialog: of her offense.
scene_heading: INT. TENT
text: Pocahontas sits bafore Powhatan in the hazy darkness of the
text: tent. The Emperor is thickly painted and oiled all over --
text: his arms and shoulders red, his face blue, his body jet
text: black. From his ears hang the dried claws of a kingfisher.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: You've brought me great sadness. You
dialog: could have married other chiefs and
dialog: worked for your nation, You could
dialog: have helped to bring us peace. You
dialog: have forgotten your duty.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So have I. I loved you more than my
dialog: people. I put you, my heart and soul,
dialog: ahead of them. I did that thing which
dialog: I forbada you to. You have been a
dialog: fool, but I have been a very great
dialog: fool. These peopla come to take our
dialog: world away. We must defend ourselves
dialog: against them. Many more will die
dialog: because of our folly. I shall tell
dialog: nobody of this. Not because I love
dialog: you but because I am weak.
speaker_heading: NL
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: 103B
dialog: V7.
text: From outside come the noises of new preparations for
dialog: battle.
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: I can no longer speak with my
dialog: ancestors, nor with my people.
dialog: Someday, if I have any honor, I shall
dialog: tell them what I have done and offer
dialog: them my life. Today I cannot.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Forgive me, father!
speaker_heading: POWHATAN
dialog: You have been the light of my life. I
dialog: cannot give you over to die. I banish
dialog: you instead -- I take your nama away
dialog: and send you to your uncle. I am too
dialog: old to see you die, but if I see you
dialog: again, I might feel the love of you
dialog: again. You are already dead. I .
dialog: cannot love one that is dead. I
dialog: cannot love a ghost. So leave me now,
dialog: ghost girl, and may the Father of our
dialog: people give you happiness in the
dialog: hereafter.
text: Pocahontas stands up. He sits with his head bowed.
text: Despairing of a further word from him, she leaves.
scene_heading: EXT, CEREMONIAL FUNERAL
text: The Indians hold a ceremonial funeral for Pocahontas at a
text: pavilion near the battlefield. Once the joy of her
text: people’s eyes, they will no longer look at her except in
text: their mirrors. They behave as though they genuinely
dialog: believed she were gone -- a ghost.
text: Still, the ritual is one to befit a princess. Heralds play
text: dirges on trumpets of tree bark. Eight strong braves bear
text: the palanquin that will carry her off to exila. Two
text: hermaphrodites walk ahead with fans at the ends of long
dialog: poles, to protect her from tha sun.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS
text: An English scout sees Pocahontas’ train moving through the
text: woods. He recognizes her.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS ~ SMITH AND TOMOCOMO - NIGHT
dialog: Tomocomo has come to Smith as a spokesman for Powhatan, his
text: emperor. They are alone in the moonlit woods.
dialog: 104
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: TOMOCOMO
dialog: The great Powhatan speaks thus: “You,
dialog: destroyer of peace, a man I saved, and
dialog: sheltered, and fed -- treated like a
dialog: son! -- have you not injured me
dialog: enough? You have stolen my child’s
dialog: heart from me. With a thousand
dialog: inventions you have driven her mad.
dialog: With your lying tongue you have
dialog: changed her into a demon to persecute
dialog: me.” I was to say no mora, but see --
text: Catching hold of the top of a sapling, ha hends it to the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: TOMOCOMO
dialog: We shall treat you in the same way.
text: He turns and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. VICINITY OF THE FORT - DAWN
text: At dawn the Indians resume their attack. They twist moss
text: around the points of their arrows, seat them alight and
text: shoot them ovar the walls of the fort onto the thatch roofs
text: ef the English houses, which burst into flame.
text: The English rush around trying to put out the fires. Their
text: situation grows more desperate from hour to hour. A soot-
text: blackened soldier reports ta Smith.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
text: The east wall is burned through, sir.
dialog: Wa cannot close it without exposing
dialog: ourselves to their missiles.
text: Argall leads in the scout who spotted Pocahontas in the
dialog: woods. :
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Tell him.
speaker_heading: “SCout
text: The Princess is up the river at
dialog: Pastancy. They sent her to her uncle
dialog: Patowomeck, Lord of the Naked Devils
dialog: of that region and, by the by, an
dialog: acquaintance of mine. So I gat to
text: talking to his Nibs and he proposes to
text: sell her. He says with her at the
dialog: fort, the Emperor will not dare attack
text: us. He dotes on her.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You’re certain she’s the one you saw?
speaker_heading: ; SCOUT
dialog: With these eyes! I spoke to the King
dialog: directly.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And what does this regue propose to
dialog: sell her for?
dialog: scout
dialog: iowas getting to that. His most
dialog: favorite thing is combs, but in this
text: case he appears to have his heart set
dialog: on a kettle. A hob, you know -- a
dialog: copper kettle, like me mother uses for
dialog: making tea. What use he means to make
dialog: of the instrument I cannot say.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: SMITH .
dialog: We don’t take hostages. King James
dialog: would not approve.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: ¥ou would rather see us annihilated?
text: It is the first direct challenge to his authority that
dialog: Smith has faced.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: She has done enough for us. She
dialog: risked the beating out of her own
dialog: brains to save mine. She kept the
dialog: rest of you from starving. We shall
dialog: not answer her kindness by making her
dialog: a captiva.
text: Argall presses Smith, confident the others are on his side,
dialog: that they will see this as their last hope.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
text: She and her flock are on the verge of
dialog: killing us all. I expect there will
dialog: scarce be a handful alive whan the
dialog: boats return, if they ever do. You
dialog: told us yourself that her father
text: regards her as no one else.
dialog: (Smith says nothing)
dialog: Do you have private reasons for this
dialog: attitude of yours?
dialog: 
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Return to your post.
text: Smith’s behavior feeds the flame of Argall’s suspicions.
text: He stands his ground.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: The penalty for disobeying an order of
dialog: the Prasident is hanging. You’re
dialog: breaking the laws. This is mutiny.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Me breaking the laws? You've broke
dialog: them all yerself, as fast as you made
dialog: them,
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: I have information Smith here was
dialog: Planning to marry the wench and make
dialog: himself King of Virginia! I have the
dialog: proof! The crazy one told ma. Listen
dialog: to what he says!
text: Fearing their wrath, Wobblehead retreats into the shadows.
text: Smith strides up to Argall until they are face to face.
text: His eyes blaza with anger.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Strike me and you break the laws of
dialog: this colony. Those are the laws!
dialog: You’ve got to protect thase men.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Strike you?
text: He looks at him for a moment, than reaches out and gives
text: his ear a violent twist.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Jesu!
text: Suddenly, six of Argall’s cohorts fall on Smith from behind
text: and wrestle him to, the ground.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: (triumphantly)
dialog: You're no longer in command, Smithy.
dialog: I shall have the medal now, You have
dialog: been derelict in your duties to the
dialog: King. You/’ve betrayed the citizens of
dialog: Jamestown. The medal, please! You’ve
dialog: shamed the investors of the London
dialog: Company. I therefore pronounce you
dialog: unworthy of being a member of this
dialog: colony.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: -
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: ARGALL (cont/’d)
dialog: As Chief Spokasman for His Majesty in
dialog: the New World, I sentence you to
dialog: corporal punishment until you admit
dialog: your guilt.
scene_heading: SMITH AND SOLDIERS
text: Smith is conducted to tha decks by a brace of guilty
text: Soldiers. Among them is tha santry who greeted Pocahontas
text: the morning of the first attack. He has reason to feel
dialog: guiltiest of all.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Sorry, Captain. We must do as Argall
dialog: says. Wea men ‘ave got no power.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: I advise you to admit your fault.
dialog: Otherwise hea will kill you. He can’t
dialog: afford to be considered a mutineer,
dialog: without legal authority.
scene_heading: EXT. SHALLOP - INC UNDERWATER SHOT
text: Smith is keelhauled -- dragged by a rope beneath the ship,
text: so that his back is raked along the jagged barnacles
text: encrusted on the hull. He bobs to the surface, gasping for
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: You want to say your piece? No? Very
dialog: well. I sentence you to hard labor at
dialog: the brickworks.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN DOCK
text: Argall and a party of ten soldiers sail the shallop upriver
dialog: to kidnap Pocahontas.
scene_heading: EXT. PASTANCY INDIAN CAMP
text: PATOWOMECK, the traacherous King of Pastancy, watches out
text: of tha side of his aye as an English sailor sets a copper
text: kettle down in front of his lodge. He must be careful not
text: to appear complicitous with the kidnapping.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: No use trying to hide her. I know she
dialog: is here. Help me, and I will be your
dialog: friend!
text: Patowomeck’s ayes flit nervously around. Argall bows to
text: Pecahontas, who is surprised that he seems to know who she
dialog: is.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Who sant the boat?
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: Why, nokedy sant it, milady. I was
dialog: just passing by whan I thought it
dialog: diplomatic te stop and pay a visit.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You don’t saem like someone to trouble
dialog: himself about diplomacy.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: (slyly)
dialog: Does Captain Smith?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I could not say. I am sure he does
dialog: not tolerate insolence from his
dialog: subordinates.
text: Two Moons, a sympathetic Pastancy Indian, appears heside
text: Pocahontas and bows to her. They are out of Argall’s
dialog: hearing.
speaker_heading: THO MOONS
dialog: Princess, they mean to get you on
dialog: board and kidnap you.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: What makes you say that?
text: But there are tears in her eyes. She knows full well what
text: is going on.
speaker_heading: THO MOONS
dialog: I saw your uncle dealing with. the
dialog: Tassantasse. They’re planning to take
dialog: you back to their camp. Watch out!
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Nonsense!
text: Pocahontas looks at the shallop, its mast wobbling back and
dialog: forth in the lazy current of tha Chesapeake, Could Smith
dialog: really have sent it? Could this be a grand gesture from
dialog: her lover? Tha music hints at such a-hope. Should she
dialog: swallow her pride, betray her father yet again and give
dialog: Smith another chance? She cares nothing for her dignity
text: anymore. She is ruined. What is left to save -- except,
dialog: if possible, a last glance at ona who once loved her?
text: Patowomeck’s wife approaches. Her guile is heart-
text: wrenchingly transparent,
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: PATOWOMECK’S WIFE
dialog: Please come. I am afraid to go all by
dialog: myself, My husband told me I could go
dialog: only if you go with me,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You think it will be safe?
speaker_heading: PATOWOMECK’S WIFE
dialog: Of course. You live in our house. We
dialog: take cara of you.
text: Pocahontas smiles pleasantly.
scene_heading: EXT. GANGPLANK TO SHALLOP
speaker_heading: PATOWOMECK’S WIFE
dialog: You go first.
text: Pocahontas walks up the gangplank ahead of the wife.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You see?
text: All at once the English seize her, pull the gangplank
text: aboard and shove off. A display of their muskets is enough
text: to discourage the Indians from retaliating, though a few
text: throw rocks and spears. Pocahontas feels a rudeness in
text: Argall’'s grasp that tells her she is not being brought to
text: Jamestown as a guest of the President’s. Now she starts to
text: struggle in earnest.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: You won't be hurt, Highness.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You wouldn’t dare!
text: On tha shore Patowomeck rushes about giving contradictory
text: orders, never letting go of his kettle, bristling with
text: indignation, yelling words of encouragement to Focahontas
text: and knocking his wife about. The English soldiers laugh,
text: no longer able to keep up their end of the charade.
text: Pecahontas covers har face with her hands. She burns with
dialog: shame.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMES RIVER
text: As the shallop drifts along the river, the English raiders
text: study their captive sympathetically. They know they owe
dialog: their lives to her and that they have caused her to suffer
text: terribly in return. Argall comes up beside her and drapes
text: a shawl over her bare shoulders.
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: a4.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: My father will not ransom me. Ha doas
dialog: not feel toward me as he did before.
dialog: I tell you this so you do not risk the
dialog: lives of your man further than you
dialog: already have.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: One must hope, Your Majesty, I
dialog: apologize for this discommoding of
dialog: your person. Such are the necessities
dialog: of war.
dialog: (philosophically)
dialog: I came out here because I had nowhere
dialog: else to go. They took away my land,
dialog: though I owned it outright and had
dialog: papers to prove it. My father told me
dialog: honor wasn’t going to help me get it
dialog: back. And it doesn’t help you in the
dialog: grave. He was wrong about all alse,
dialog: but right about that.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (0.8S.)
dialog: O Mother, has he sent this ship for
dialog: me?
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN DOCK
text: Disembarking at the Jamestown docks, Pocahontas is dismayed
text: to find that Smith is not on hand.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Where is the President?
text: The English, knowing that their fate may depend upon her,
dialog: treat her with great deference.
speaker_heading: ARGALL
dialog: President? Yes -- I neglected to tell
dialog: you. The Captain’s no longer
dialog: occupying that post. He can explain
dialog: the reasons better than I. You will
dialog: only be kept here long enough for us
text: to arrange a truce. In the meanwhile
dialog: I hope you won’t mind being -- looked
dialog: after.
text: He neds at a guard cof pikesmen.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN STREETS
text: Argall conducts Pocahontas through the streets. Wobbl ehead
text: bows to her.
dialog: =
dialog: as.
scene_heading: 113 INT. REVEREND WHITAKER’S HOUSE - MONTAGE
text: Pocahontas enters the Reverend Whitaker's clapboard house,
text: the single frame dwelling in the colony. Her guards take
text: up their posts outside. Slats have been nailed across the
dialog: windows.
text: She looks distractedly at the English appurtenances -- the
text: oil lamps, the white pine furniture and the porcelain
text: figures on the mantel. MARY, Whitaker’s maid, a middle-
text: aged woman from Devon, appears to greet the royal guest.
dialog: Great. care has been taken to ensure that she will be
dialog: comfortable,
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: This will be your room, milady.
text: Pocahontas acts as though she did not hear her.
speaker_heading: ARGALL :
dialog: She says that’s not her name anymore.
dialog: She has no name.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How unfortunate! Well, wa shall have
dialog: to give you one. Perhaps...Lady --
dialog: you are of royal blood -- Rebecca! My
dialog: mother’s name was Rebecca. Would that
dialog: be suitable? Does she like it? You
dialog: may leave us, Captain.
text: Argall leaves, Beneath a single window there is a bed of
text: rough planks covered with a pallet of straw. Pocahontas’
text: guards stroll back and forth outside. Mary can plainly see
text: that she is utterly distraught and crazed with grief.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: This is the basin, for when you want
text: to wash. The water is outside the
text: window, in the rain barrel.
text: She demonstrates the use of the wash basin.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: This is soap!
text: She shows Pocahontas by pantomime how the soap is used.
text: There is not a trace of pleading or complaint in her guest.
text: She appears determined to face each new hardship with
dialog: courage. :
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I think you are most elegant, excusing
dialog: the liberty. .
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 86,
text: Mary tries to get her to eat, but she will not take food.
text: Mary gives her a bath. She is limp and indifferent even as
text: a pail of hot water is poured over her shoulders. She is
text: like a wild animal that has been brought into captivity.
text: She puts on Mary’s cast-off clothes. First a corset, then
text: a tattered camisole, then a long calico gown.
text: Mary makes her look at herself in the mirror. She is
text: beautiful, yet Mary’s cries of admiration do not cause her
dialog: to feel less forlorn.
text: Mary shows her how to sit and walk like an Englishwoman.
text: She must keep her back straight and her knees together,
text: smoothe out her skirt, etc. Outside a new battle rages.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Go ahead. Take.a few steps. Walk.
dialog: That’s right. The shoes hurt your
dialog: feet, don’t they?
text: Pocahontas’ movements; naturally free, seem constrained in
text: these new garments. They weigh on her like papal
text: vestments. But she continues to accept Mary’s efforts to
dialog: teach her English ways with a fierce stoicism., If this is
dialog: to be the form of her damnation, sha will throw herself
text: into it head first. She will relish her perdition.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN FORT - BATTLE - POV ON ENGLISH SHIPS
text: The Indians pelt the fort with flaming arrows as the
text: English, their defenses crumbling and their walls on the
text: verge of being wholly breached, wait to see if Pocahontas
dialog: will ransom them.
text: Then, all at once, they leave off their attack, and we
text: stand with Powhatan as they behold with astonished eyes the
text: return of Newport and the English ships.
scene_heading: POCAHONTAS AND MARY
text: Mary shows Pocahontas how to use a door key. It seems to
text: her that the Princess’ mind has been damaged.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Not that way. Hold it like this.
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: Will you see Captain Smith?
text: Pocahontas does not reply. Pity for Smith’s approaching
text: sufferings at her hands surges up inside her together with
text: a smaller measure of pity for herself. Outside they hear
text: loud, boisterous noises.
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: ay.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITAKER HOME
text: Mary rushes out to sea what is going on. Pocahontas
text: lingers inside, her heart pounding with expectation.
text: Cannons thump in the distance. English soldiers rush
text: through the streets, celebrating wildly.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: PASSERBY
text: The ships ‘ave come. The war’s over.
dialog: The Chief of the Savages has offered
dialog: us peace.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Pocahontas chops her hair off with a broken conch shell.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITAKER BACK DOOR
text: With her guards distracted by the festivities, she snaaks
text: eut the back way. She wanders around for a while as she
dialog: considers whethar she should swallow down her pride and go
text: to Smith. She looks at the back woods, considers going
text: back to hear own people, then thinks better of it.
scene_heading: EXT. BRICKWORKS
text: She finds Smith at the stockade, hard at work making
text: bricks. He looks around and sees har standing bafore him,
text: dressed in English clothes.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Did you know I was here?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: They said they were going to fetch
dialog: you. I was against it.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Oh.
text: Her cheeks burn with shame and disappointment. But this,
dialog: it seems, is what she wants -~ to feel humiliated to the
text: point of drastic action. Smith starts to speak, but
text: hesitates.
speaker_heading: . POCAHONTAS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I forgot what I was going to say.
dialog: 
dialog: cr
dialog: 8a.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Te must have bean a lie. Wait ~- let
dialog: ma look at you, :
dialog: (distraught)
dialog: I should not have come to you.
dialog: (her eyes plead with him)
dialog: You hear them singing, dancing? Turn.
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: She draws a long kitchen knife out from under her shawl and
text: brings it down with all her strength against Smith’s heart.
text: The steel corselet beneath his shirt causes it to ricochet
text: away, and Pocahontas cuts her hand on the blade. She drops
text: the knife and bursts into tears. Smith takes a moment to
text: compose himself, then reachas out to touch her.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: It was your own choice. Was it not?
dialog: Blama no one but yourself. You
dialog: followed ma of your own free will.
dialog: Did I come looking for you? Did I |
dialog: lure you from your family’s side? Did
dialog: I forca my love on you?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I deceived my father, left my home --
dialog: where can I go now? Back to the
dialog: people I betrayed? They hate me. As _
dialog: they should. I had no cause to harm
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Did I hand you over to these people or
dialog: urge you to do any of those things you
dialog: think so evil?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: it pains ma to hear you lia.
speaker_heading: :’ SMITH
dialog: I didn’t want to harm you -- and now
dialog: there's disaster all around us. Wa
dialog: should have stopped before it was too
dialog: late. How can I go off with you?
dialog: Where? Where would you belong?
text: Barefoot. Tattoos. Running through
text: the treas, talking to the clouds...
text: He decides to leave it there, then breaks his resolution.
dialog: -89,
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You're surprised that I don’t have
dialog: scruples. Well, I do, put it’s not in
dialog: my character to be stopped by them. I
dialog: want no more chaos. I want peace.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You will not have it.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Let me stay with you. You will never
dialog: be happy anyway. It can’t matter to
dialog: you one way or the other.
dialog: (seeing him hesitate)
dialog: I will never question you in anything.
dialog: I will be like a bird in your hand.
dialog: {still he hesitates)
dialog: When you first came to our camp, you
dialog: made me feel -- that we had always
dialog: been looking for each other. You
dialog: taught me how to name the stars. You
dialog: showed me where the north was. Then I
dialog: loved you and showed you all the good
dialog: things of the land. Do you remember?
dialog: ‘The springs, the turkeys’ nests, the
dialog: places where the fish hide...
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And I expressed my appreciation!
dialog: ({qrowing angry)
dialog: You might consider that in return for
dialog: saving me, you might have got more
dialog: than you gave. You left a barbarous
text: placa to come to a civilized colony.
dialog: Don’t make me talk this way.
text: But he cannot resist going on.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I taught you how to speak. When you
dialog: ware a savage and didn’t know your own
text: meaning but whistled like a bird. May
dialog: the gods blast me! You think I thank
dialog: you for the things you’ve done? No --
dialog: I thank whatever foul, fiendish thing
dialog: makes people fall in love.
dialog: (maniacally}
dialog: Love! TI hate the name! There’s no
dialog: irons can make you more of a slave.
dialog: You forget yourself. Your dignity,
dialog: your freedom. You end up wondering
dialog: what drove you mad. I was happier in
dialog: a Turkish jail.
dialog: 
dialog: 90,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Iam sorry. I have no right to blame
dialog: you. Don’t leave this way. I don't
dialog: want to remember you this way --
dialog: thinking what to tell ma -~ how to say
dialog: it. Show a doubt. Pretend if you
dialog: have to. You have a good heart,
text: Smith sees tha guilelessness of her clear eyes and feels
text: his feet mashed in a web of lias. Hea seas the damage ha
dialog: has done her, this child whose heart has never known true
text: grief. A dam bursts inside him. Trembling with emotion,
text: he rips open her blouse.
speaker_heading: SMITH :
dialog: Here, let ma see you naked. One last
dialog: time! So I can forget you.
text: He pushes her back into the darkness of a stable. His face
text: is contorted heyond recognition. A demon rages inside him.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I watched my brother die. I killed’
dialog: him, I Know that I am vile. I lied,
dialog: I stole. You cannot endure me
dialog: anymore. That night when I asked you
dialog: to take me away -- you hated me then.
dialog: I hate myself a thousand times more.
text: I could rip my heart from my chest.
dialog: What is it deing thera?
speaker_heading: SMITH .
dialog: You hate me. I don’t blame you for
dialog: it.
text: He offers her the knife she stabbed him with. Pocahontas
text: looks at him, stunned. When sha next speaks, she seems
dialog: utterly changed.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Oh, John, is this a dream? I naver
dialog: knew that life could be this way. I
dialog: did not know what you call misfortune.
dialog: I thought all was the best that it
dialog: could be -- that men loved the truth --
dialog: that people didn’t go away when they
dialog: died, not forever -- that they were
dialog: hera listening and kept the snakes
dialog: away! I thought you could talk with a
dialog: stone. I was a foolish girl. I
dialog: thought we wanted the same thing --
dialog: that we might have a child, and -~
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 91
text: While she has been talking Smith has quietly come up behind
text: her. Now, suddenly, she tufns around and sees him. He
text: takes her into his arms. "
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I have injured you, and my own soul.
dialog: Those wounda that I have given you I
dialog: hope in time shall heal. Those wounds
dialog: I gave myself, they never can.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I forgive you, John.
speaker_heading: . SMITH
dialog: Forgive me? I, who loved you, was
dialog: crueller to you than your cruellest
dialog: enemies. I’ve cast.a shadow on your
dialog: life.
text: Immitigable, eternal. He sees it even if she does not.
dialog: Heaven itself could not undo what he has done.
text: He rocks her gently back and forth, and she pulls him down
text: to the ground beside her, and they hold one another as they
text: did long ago in the dark Chickahominy woods.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN DOCK
text: New settlers disembark from the Susan Constant and peer
text: about the pestilence-wracked colony, astonished.
text: With their fine clothes and healthy looks, they stand out
text: from the original members, who wander around eating fresh
text: meat, fruit and eggs for the first time in six months.
scene_heading: EXT. BRICKWORKS
text: Newport has come to the brickworks with Argall. He points
dialog: to Smith.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Set him free.
dialog: (to Smith)
dialog: Do you wish to bring charges against
dialog: this man?
text: Smith considers this for a moment, then shakes his head.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Are you sure? Fine then, Argall. Be
dialog: off.
dialog: (Argall leaves)
dialog: I have news for you.
speaker_heading: (MORE}
dialog: 
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT (cont’d)
dialog: The King wants you to return to
dialog: England and prepare an expedition of
dialog: your own, to chart tha northern coasts
dialog: ~- to sea if you might find a passage
dialog: to the Indies.
text: Smith ponders the offer.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Thank you, but I am obliged to
dialog: decline.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: May I know why?
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: Come, Smith, this is not how the world
dialog: works. Eh? This is not how things
dialog: are done. Things must look different
dialog: to you here than from out there in the
dialog: woods. The King has great hopes for
dialog: you. Plans, great plans! I spoke
dialog: with him in person. What is there for
dialog: you if you stay? Trouble. Ennui.
dialog: The common lot. But I will not plead
dialog: with you. Your life is your own. Is
dialog: there anything I can do for you?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: She will not escape.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: No, not if she has her -senses about
dialog: her, Her father does not want her
dialog: back. He would be obliged to take her
dialog: life if she returned. Yes, they would
dialog: kill her if she did. She understands
dialog: that?
scene_heading: 122 EXT. JAMESTOWN - SERIES OF ANGLES - HAPPY MOOD RETURNS
text: The colony is plunged into a faver of activity under
text: Newport's direction. He addrasses its assembled members:
speaker_heading: "" NEWPORT
dialog: Unless the material sickness that has
dialog: consumed the spirit of our colony is
dialog: branded and checked, unless our lusts
dialog: are outgrown and our rape of this
dialog: earth and of each other stopped, wa
dialog: shall lose not only our life and land
dialog: but, “like Esau of old, our eternal
dialog: birthright. Let not America go wrong
dialog: in her first hour. If we use God’s
dialog: bounty for selfish purposes, then God
dialog: will curse us.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 123
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT (cont’d)
dialog: Let us remember what this country wag
dialog: when first wa set foot upon these
dialog: shores. Let us think what it still
dialog: might be. Let us prepare a land of
dialog: justice and liberty, where a man might
dialog: rise to his true stature: a land of
dialog: unprecedented faith, tolerating all,
dialog: founded on the soul and loving its
dialog: laws: a land that shall be the scene
dialog: of the next mighty act in the history.
dialog: of man’s redemption,
dialog: Over the course of the following weeks, Pocahontas and
text: Smith manage to steal a few hours together. They skip
text: stones and feed each other berries. She shows him a bird
text: she has coaxed to land on her hand, He caresses her
text: shoulders with a cattail and looks at her tattoos.
text: Embarrassed, she covers them back up. She has grown more
text: modest. She fears that she might seem like a barbarian to
dialog: him, .
text: Her wild, natural gaiaty is gone out of her. The
text: somersaulting is but an imitation. She no longer is tha
text: blithe, fantastic being he met in the forest, bright as an
text: angel, innocent and affectionate as a child, What has he
text: done? From a distance, Wilf regards him warily.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You look sad, Have I made you so?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Sad? No. I’ve never been sad. We
dialog: have all we need. Even now. Why
dialog: should I be sad?
scene_heading: SMITH AND NEWPORT
text: Newport and Smith are out for a walk. In the background
text: there is tha incessant note of frogs.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: I always thought you were meant for
dialog: something more, Smith.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: More what?
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: I den’t know. Important.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: More important to whom?
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: 1243
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: You could do your nation a great
dialog: service. All nations! His Majesty is
dialog: ready to finance a considerabla
dialog: expedition. Needless to say, it will
dialog: be a vary famous man who finds it --
dialog: the passage -- a way through. TI know
dialog: you do not care about such worldly
dialog: things. Prastige! But still you
dialog: might have a great futura ahead of
dialog: you. Why should it stop here? This
text: is a beautiful land. It flows with
dialog: milk and honey as surely as any
dialog: Scripture ever promised. And yat it
dialog: is not all wa hoped to find, now is
dialog: it?
dialog: (music enters)
dialog: Shall you be a discoverer of passages
dialog: which you refused yourself to explore
dialog: ~- beyond the threshold?
text: Smith looks off down the shore to the place where they
text: first landed, now quite changed.
scene_heading: EXT, DOCK - INDIES MUSIC
text: Smith walks through the colony. Across the bay he sees the
text: ships being outfitted for their return to England. The new
text: arrivals salute him. His reputation has spread.
text: He stops in front of the largest of the ships. He looks up
text: at the taut spars and repes, at the great waxed sails, and
text: somewhere deep in his soul he again hears the Indies music
dialog: that has called to him from the beginning and drawn him
dialog: ever on.
text: The music whispers that there is no lasting haven of
text: happiness. Life has moments of unbidden flying rapture,
text: but they last no longer than it takes a cloud to move
text: across the sun. They are as fleating as the golden visions
text: one has of the soul in natura, those glimpses of its remote
text: and brooding sanity.
dialog: It whispers that the Indies lie always before us;
dialog: everything is still possible; we can put tragedy behind us
dialog: and make a new start. And now we no longer see Smith
text: directly but seem to look out over his shoulder. We notice
text: what he notices -- the sailors coming and going, the
text: chatter of the new pioneers, the wind playing in the sails,
scene_heading: EXT. JAMES RIVER SHORE
text: Smith talks with Ban, his sole confidant.
dialog: 935.
text: Hedged by a margin of dark trees, the river winds off inte
text: the interior, shimmering in the evening light.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: A man cannot let himself be detained
text: on Calypso islands, howaver inviting.
dialog: He must sail on ~~ put off those arms
dialog: which would hold him and keep the
dialog: independence of the open sea, Heaven
dialog: will not fault him. Heaven itself is
dialog: shoreless. Better to perish in the
text: howling infinite than crawl to the
dialog: safety of the land. Uniass you are
text: ready with a savage will to break
dialog: free, you stand to miss your own
dialog: destiny. What is worse than that?- To
dialog: wake up and find you've been leading
dialog: another man’s life!
dialog: (Ben does not reply)
dialog: Wait two months, then tell her I am
dialog: dead.
dialog: {seeing Ben hesitate)
dialog: It will give her strength. She must
dialog: not despair of her future.
dialog: 125 EXT. woods
text: Smith has come out with Pocahontas to the woods.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Quick! They may follow us!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: No one has followed us.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: This way, come!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We can’t go farther. Wa might get
dialog: lest. Tell me, my sweet, are you well
dialog: today?
text: She wonders why he seems so solemn. The afternoon is
dialog: lovely, and it is net easy for them to steal away.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: There’s something I know when I/m
dialog: with you.
text: She gazes at him. What does he mean?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I’ve been a monster to you.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Someone who doesn’t care if he hurts
dialog: other people.
text: She does not answer but looks at him in silence. Whatever
dialog: the past has bean, let them think rather of what lies
text: ahead. Far away, the ships sway gently at their anchor,
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You know ma as I was long ago, when
dialog: the soul that looked from my eyes was
dialog: not the accursed thing that it is now.
dialog: Yet sometimes it seems -- I could be
dialog: something still -- I’ve never yet been
dialog: the man you thought I was, or had the
dialog: right to expect that I should be.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: You’re all I’ve ever wanted! Just as
dialog: you are.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Tell me, my sweet, do you still wonder
dialog: if the wind could blow backwards?
dialog: She smiles, How lovable she is in her devotion, how
text: childlike. Har look of adoration could move a stone. It
text: is a fearfully painful thing, to love her as he does, and
text: to have to be so cruel, though her stoicism makes it
text: somewhat easier for him to discount what she might feel.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Why do you bite your lip?
dialog: (he does not answer)
dialog: Why do you look at me that way?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I cannot tell. One imagines that one
dialog: is strong, when one is weak.
speaker_heading: POCARONTAS
dialog: You are very strong. Why worry about
dialog: the rain when it is past? We waste
dialog: the afternoon. Come away. Let’s sit
dialog: by the river and think of all the
dialog: birds-we can!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: O John, how happy we can be. We fit!
dialog: Love will make us happy, in spite of
dialog: the sadness we have known. Why mourn
dialog: for what is lost? Why do we not:
dialog: quickly forget it, till we are glad
dialog: again?
text: He looks at her with a sharp stab of longing. He loves her
text: now, in leaving her, more than ever before.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP CASTING OFF, DEPARTING - WILF (BACK FIGURE)
text: Sailors untie hawsers and cast them on the deck of the
text: Susan Constant. Wilf stands on the shore and watches.
text: A wake spreads out behind the departing ship, flashing and
text: frolicsome in the morning sun. Tha waves lift up their
text: necks, pressing toward the deep-water currents. The mast
text: points toward the clouds. High above flies a solitary
dialog: bird.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS ASLEEP
text: Nature breathes softly about Pocahontas as she lies beneath
text: a tree, a nymph lost in her green dreams; an Ariadne.
text: Gradually, she comes to consciousness. Wobblehead is
text: tickling her lip with a spear of grass. Startled, she asks
text: him what is going on. In a mischievous way, he pantomimes
text: that her friend Smith may. be giving her the slip.
scene_heading: EXT, JAMESTOWN STREETS
text: Pocahontas walks briskly through the streets of Jamestown.
text: They are mysteriously deserted. Then she hears the noise
text: of the crowd at the dock.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK
text: Pocahontas rushes along the dock, looking for Smith. The
text: English regard her with pity and embarrassment. She
text: refuses to believe what their looks plainly say.
scene_heading: EXT. BRICKWORKS ‘
text: From the brickworks, Pocahontas sees the sails parting in
dialog: the distance, and that greatest of agonies comes cver her --—
text: the pain of having loved in vain.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITAKER HOUSE
text: Mary finds her friend,
dialog: m
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: SB.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He’s laft you, Princess. He tald you
dialog: a pack of lias. Forget about him.
text: Stunned, Pocahontas sits down on the boardwalk.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I gave him everything I had -- my
dialog: first, best...I am too poor,
dialog: barbarian. Is that the word? oO, I
dialog: thought people loved each other always
dialog: and forever!
dialog: (avoiding the eyes of
dialog: passersby)
text: Look at them. They are talking about
dialog: me. They are afraid of me. Oh yas!
text: They look away when they see me now.
dialog: They stare -- I don’t know which is
dialog: worse. I want to die.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You made a fool of a mistake about
dialog: him, I tell ‘ee again and the harm you
dialog: done yourself by dirtying your own
dialog: hest, it serves you right, excusing
dialog: the liberty.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: What should I do? I’ve thought of a
dialog: way to bring him back -- to astonish
dialog: him -- or free ma forever of desire.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Don’t let it make you bitter. You’re
dialog: a Princess. You grew up in a palace.
dialog: You’re used to giving orders and
dialog: having your own way. You must learn
dialog: te live on a common level now.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON ROLFE
text: JOHN ROLFE, a gentlemanly planter who has recently shipped
text: in, observes this scene. The Indian woman’s disheveled
text: beauty sends tongues of fire through his veins.
text: GROUP OF WOMEN HAVING TEA
text: Pocahontas serves tea to a group of newly-arrived women.
text: She wears a glazed expression and seems utterly indifferent
text: to their gaze.”-As scon as she leaves the room, they begin
dialog: to talk about her.
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 99,
speaker_heading: FIRST WOMAN
dialog: The other day she stripped off har
text: clothes on tha Landing, in front of
text: the Plowman family. When they gasped,
dialog: she turned and threatened to scalp
dialog: them.
text: They are unaware that the creature who is serving them once
dialog: enjoyed a very different life.
speaker_heading: SECOND WOMAN
text: As soon as I go near her, she glares
dialog: at me like a bull. She’s going to do
dialog: herself harm, she is. Good as my
dialog: word. Says wa should eat and sleep
dialog: and love children, only childran!
scene_heading: EXT, CLEARING - SMITH’S ARMOR
text: Pocahontas comes upon Smith’s armor, still hanging in the
dialog: clearing where they had their tryst the week before he
text: left. She looks up at the clouds as inwardly she speaks
text: with her mother.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (0.S.}
dialog: I am going mad again -- hear voices --
dialog: You no longer speak with me or walk
text: among the trees.
scene_heading: POCAHONTAS BY CANDLELIGHT
text: At night, by a candle, she resumes their communion. A moth
text: flits about the flame. The windows buzz in their fittings.
text: Her eyes dart right and left, waiting for Smith’s spirit to
text: make an appearance. Love and rage sweep over her in waves.
dialog: Why can she not live lika the simple moth?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (0.S.)
dialog: I want to de good, yet I do bad. You
dialog: told me that if I loved truly, I would
dialog: find true love in turn. I followed my
dialog: heart; now I am lost. I thought there
dialog: were no accidents, that every sorrow
dialog: would turn to joy, and all at last to
dialog: blessing. © Mother, why did you not
dialog: tell me more?
scene_heading: POCAHONTAS BY MOONLIGHT
text: She listens to-the wind in the pines. Fear grows in her at
text: the thought of her fate. The sight of the sky, which once
text: delighted her, now makes har heartsick and ashamed.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (0.S.)
dialog: People have been patient with me and
dialog: kind beyond words. Help Mary if you
dialog: can. Everything is gone from me ~-
dialog: everything but the certainty of your
dialog: goodness, The time has come to join
dialog: you, and my fathers --
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK
text: Pocahontas makes her way across a wet meadow into the
text: darkness of the forest. She picks a toadstool, a red
text: amanita, and eats it, then lies down on a carpet of pine
text: needles to await her death.
text: Luckily, Wobblehead has been following her. He rushes out,
text: Picks her up in his arms, shakes her, then carries her off
text: to the river, to drench her and to seek an antidote.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN STREET - MONTAGE - AUTUMN
text: Autumn leaves are falling. Pocahontas walks around dressed
text: in rags and tatters. Her hair, which once shone like a
text: raven’s wing, now hangs down in matted tresses. She does
text: net care how she looks. She has given up her attempts at
text: looking like a civilized woman. Her reason for them just
text: Sailed away. She is dirty, distraught. She can barely be
text: made to utter a word. She is like a wild creature that
dialog: will not take to captivity. She makes no secret of her
text: loss. When sha does grow animated, it is to take a
text: perverse delight in degrading herself before the citizens
text: of Jamestown -- dancing and chanting, behaving in
dialog: unpredictable and outrageous ways.
text: She watches the scavenger dogs slink through the alleys and
dialog: feels a special affinity with them -~ with all things low
text: and revolting, all things scorned and abused.
text: She sees the Indians trading with the white men. The sight
text: of the simple, carefree lifa that she forever has
text: relinquished fills her with an indescribable dismay.
text: POCAHONTAS IN THE RAIN
text: Rolfe watches her as she walks in the rain. She looks up
text: at the sky with a smile and closes her eyes, enjoying the
text: gentle pelting of the raindrops while the English hurry by
text: covering their heads. She dances.
text: He sees in her a glimmer of the natural girl whom we first
text: met; wounded now, though still quite young. Mustering his
text: courage, he steps out into her path.
dialog: 140
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: I would like to spend the afternoon
dialog: with you. How do I ask?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (aloof)
dialog: You just did.
text: She makes no effort to drive him away, nor to carry the
dialog: conversation further.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH THROUGH THE WOODS
text: Pocahontas and Rolfe ara on a path through the woods. The
text: sight of her, so beautiful and so deeply wounded, stirs
dialog: Rolfe to the quick.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: What are you going to do? You can’t
dialog: let yourself rot away.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: You seem like someone who loves her
dialog: freedom -- who could never be caught.
dialog: Caught, you know, like a bird in a
dialog: cage.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I don’t know why you call it that. If
dialog: I like my cage, why need it trouble
dialog: you?
text: Two little girls rush up and beg her breathlessly not to
dialog: leave, otherwise they will be sent back to England.
dialog: Pocahontas promises them that with new friends like these,
text: she would not consider it. She and Rolfe continua on their
dialog: walk.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You love people, and they don’t love
dialog: you back. You tell them the truth,
dialog: and they tell you lies. I don’t know
dialog: why I am surprised. I couldn’t make
dialog: him love ma. I couldn’t make him
dialog: sorry when he wasn’t with ma. Don’t
dialog: remind me that I aver spoke this way.
dialog: I wouldn’t like to remember it.—
text: But she finds it impossible to stem the flood that is
text: rising in her.
speaker_heading: 1408
dialog: 140¢
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I can’t abide myself, I lived for
dialog: him. All day long I waited for him
text: like a dog. I obeyed him, smiled at
dialog: him, put on things to please him, then
dialog: took them off if I thought they
dialog: wouldn’t. ~
dialog: (Rolfe seems to wince)
dialog: And all the time he didn’t want me. I
dialog: can’t bear it! And I deserve it all!
dialog: I thought only of myself -- while my
dialog: family suffered, while my brother
dialog: died!
text: Rolfe looks around, wondering if they can be overheard.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I will tear him from me, tear my chest
dialog: down to the bone, until the shame is
dialog: gone. Until I tear it cut!
text: She has been fealing strong. Now, suddenly, she feels vary
dialog: weak.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Oh, Mr. Rolfe, if I cry, you’ll put
dialog: your hand over my mouth, won’t you --
dialog: and hold me tight? Hold me, Mr.
dialog: Rolfe. Hold me with all your
dialog: strength.
text: Rolfe rocks her gently in his arms.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMES RIVER
text: Gently, guiltily, Ben whispers to Pocahontas that Smith is
text: dead. We do not see the moment when she understands what
text: he is saying, only the aftermath, as she rubs dust on her
text: face and body, then plunges fully clothed into the river,
text: as though to calm her grief.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNDRA (NEWFOUNDLAND) - WIND, A CREAKING MAST
text: ‘Smith’s shadow advances over the ground. Searching and
text: seeking are written in his face, with eternal failure to
text: find. His travels bring him at last to the bleak,
text: windswept tundra of Newfoundland. There is not a tree in
text: sight, no murmuring stream or leaf to speak with his soul.
text: The natives here (Inuit, or Eskimos) gaze at him coldly,
text: with eyes like stones, as though he were a man who could
text: not be trusted or reckoned with. The bribe of gaudy beads
text: he holds out to them they turn their backs on, and he casts
text: it aside as something worthless after all, into the stiff,
text: dead grass.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: 140pD EXT, DRY RIVERBED
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
text: Smith stands in a dry riverbad. A STRANGER looks at him
text: skeptically as, off camera, wa hear:
speaker_heading: SMITH (0.8,)
dialog: I must keep looking.
scene_heading: JAMESTOWN GROWS - MONTAGE
text: A legend reads: “Four Years Later”. The colony has
text: prospered, its peace with Powhatan assured by Pocahontas’
text: presence at the fort. New arrivals come in from England
dialog: avery few weeks. They fell the forests and lay out their
text: fields. The houses more and more resemble the Tudor
text: cottages of England. Rolfe writes in his journal, a
text: portion of which plays over these scenes.
speaker_heading: : ROLFE (0.S.)
dialog: “In time her spirits improved. She
dialog: came to believe there must be a reason
dialog: for all that had come to pass. Things
dialog: do not happen by accident. She would
dialog: go wherever life should lead her. She
dialog: would not languish in sorrow. The
dialog: sun, the grass and the stars -- they
dialog: all ware perfect and content. Why
dialog: should she not be the same? Her
dialog: transformation was remarkable, a great
dialog: satisfaction to all who knew and cared
dialog: about her.”
text: Rolfe gives Pocahontas books from his library. She learns
dialog: to read and to speak properly. Sha studies geography,
text: history and literature. She flourishes under his tutelage.
text: Mary has joined the household as a serving maid.
scene_heading: AMBUSH, POWHATAN MOVES. OUT, VILLAGE ON FIRE
text: Tha colonists skirmish with the Indians, until Powhatan,
text: defenseless against thair superior arms, decides to abandon
text: the Tidewater and push west, by canoe and caravan, into the
text: territory of enemy tribes. The longhouses are bundled up,
text: the stores unearthed and sealed in clay pots, the villages
text: burned to the ground.
text: Pocahontas sees, in the distance, the black columns of
text: smoke. She stands and wonders how much more destruction
text: she will witness. Tears rise up behind her eyes.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON POWHATAN
text: His face set like a flint, Powhatan bids farewell to his
dialog: ancestral home.
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 1ia4,.
scene_heading: EXT, HENRICO TOBACCO FIELDS - ROLFE - PANTOMIME
text: Rolfa cultivates his extensive tobacco fields. Pocahontas
text: gives him valuable advice, showing him (in pantomime) how
dialog: to nip off the seed buds so as to concentrate nourishment
dialog: in the leaves, how properly to fallow the land, planting
text: beans at the foot of the corn so thay can climb up the
text: stalks while replenishing the soil, etc.
text: Helpers work at the curing racks, setting the tobacco out
text: to dry in the sun, then packing it into hogsheads for
text: shipment back to England. A sacrament to the Indians,
text: tobacco has become the foundation of Jamestown’s aconomy,
text: its only significant export. Rolfe makes up a pipe.
scene_heading: ANGLES ON POCAHONTAS
text: Wobblehead amuses Pocahontas with his antics as she wanders
text: along the country lanes.
text: She is a legend to the English, who bring her gifts and
text: leave them at her doorstep. She opens the gifts ~- strange
text: hats, religious paraphernalia, dolls, balloons, pins. She
text: tries on a hat. The taint and burden of her madness falls
text: away. Gradually she grows more English in her ways, though
text: at dawn she swims in the river still, and still the elders
text: spy on her as she does.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMES RIVER - ABOARD THE MOVING BOAT - LATER
text: Rolfe has brought Pocahontas out boating on the James. Her
text: unhappiness is no longer so acute, and his kindness has
text: grown upon her. Has she begun to sea in hima
text: reincarnation of her lost lover? Though not as handsome or
text: dashing as Smith, Rolfe is an immensely attractive man.
dialog: Still, you can tell from her distracted manner that she
text: does not regard him with anything like the feeling. she once
dialog: had for Smith.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Suppose I asked you to marry me? What
dialog: would you say?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Are you asking me?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Where would we live?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Here.” England, if you wish. Perhaps
dialog: that would be best. You could forget
dialog: your life in this place.
dialog: 105,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I couldn’t live in England, Mr. Rolfe.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Say yes.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Listen to you. Always giving orders!
text: Something has changed in her. Sha has nowhere to turn, and
dialog: she desperately wants to make her peace with the world, to
text: live with a semblance of decency again, free of scandal, of
text: uncertainty and insolent looks.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (stalling)
dialog: You don’t know how it is.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: I do. I know what you are going to
dialog: tell me, in any case. I know the
dialog: rumors -- that soma might be true.
text: She nods. She feels an odd desire to humiliate herself in
text: his eyes, so that he can entertain no illusion about her.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: : ROLFE
dialog: That’s all dead and gone.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I wish I'd met you first. But all the
dialog: wishing in the world won’t make it
dialog: different.
dialog: (deflecting him)
dialog: “Have you thought about the looks you
dialog: would receive? They talk about us
dialog: enough already, even now. You would
dialog: feel as though your every thought was
dialog: Known to them. You’re so proud, Mr.
dialog: Rolfe. You couldn’t bear it.
speaker_heading: _ ROLFE
dialog: I would bear it proudly.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: There are things you don’t know and
dialog: could not guess. I would be obliged
dialog: to tell you all.
speaker_heading: : ROLFE
dialog: o I know what I have to. I know that I
dialog: i ‘ love you.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: You see, I despise him, but I don’t
dialog: know what I would do if he were to
text: coma up from the dead. It is batter
dialog: to face the truth than to hurt you as
dialog: well. You see, I am weak -- too weak
dialog: to rely on. You should have the sense
dialog: to know it, as much as I would like
dialog: you to forget it.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: I dream about you. I would give up
dialog: everything. My friends, my land.
dialog: Everything.
text: Her candor stirs his chivalry. He reaches out to take her
dialog: hand.
dialog: She looks
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Why do you shrink from ma?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I wasn’t thinking.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Tell me...
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You know I do not iike to talk about
dialog: myself. I’m not going to leat you make
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Won't you say yes?
text: at him for a moment.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: All right. If you like.
speaker_heading: . -ROLFE
dialog: Don’t you want to?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: There’s nobody else I would marry...
text: She bursts into tears.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: This isn’t what I expected. Why are
dialog: you crying, Rebecca?
dialog: 147
dialog: 107,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Why are you crying?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I guess because...I must ba happy. I
dialog: never like to cry. It gives me a
dialog: headache. But...I said I will marry
dialog: you. JI will not love you, but I will
dialog: marry you.
text: Rolfe considers this remark for a moment.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: When shall I make the announcement?
text: She looks at him, astonished by his kindness and devotion.
text: Though she does not love him, she admires him a great deal.
text: She trusts him. He is strong and sane. She does not know.
dialog: what else to hope for. .
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: You do not love me now. Someday you
dialog: will. Or I shall seek to deserva that
dialog: you should.
scene_heading: INT. JAMESTOWN COUNCIL HOUSE
text: Rolfe discusses his marriage plans with the elders of
text: Jamestown. Newport presides. In an improvised way, the
dialog: elders discuss their objections to the idea -- precedent,
dialog: whether they can allow a precedent for miscegenation, etc.
text: Finally, Newport intervenes; a man of cold logic.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: You are not ignorant of the heavy
dialog: displeasure which Almighty God
dialog: conceived against the sons of Levi and
dialog: Israel for marriage of strange wives.
speaker_heading: ‘> ROLFE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Would you do anything necessary to
dialog: bring this about?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Would you write out a petition,
dialog: explaining as the wealthiest planter
dialog: in Virginia the benefit this would
dialog: offer to the colony? Could you state
dialog: your hope that it might be the
dialog: beginning of the great work of
dialog: converting the Naturals, that this
dialog: idea came to you in no way from carnal
dialog: affections but for the good of tha
dialog: plantation, for the glory of God and
dialog: your own soul, with the purpose of
text: saving an unbelieving creature, moving
dialog: an urregenerate to regeneration. And
dialog: would you add to this that the Lord
dialog: should condemn you at the dreadful day
dialog: of judgment, when the secrets of all
dialog: hearts will .be known, if this be not
dialog: your true intent. Would you do that?
dialog: {Rolfe nods)
dialog: Then surely you do love her. Write.
scene_heading: INT. POCAHONTAS’ ROOM
text: Mary helps Pocahontas get ready for the wedding.
scene_heading: INT. JAMESTOWN CHURCH
text: The citizens of Jamestown celebrate the first union of
text: Indian and white man in the New World. Sells ring out.
scene_heading: EXT, ROLFE HOUSEHOLD - SERIES OF ANGLES
text: Rolfe and Pocahontas choose the site where they will build
text: their house -- beyond the fort, on a bank overlooking the
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: We can burn the weeds off here and
dialog: make a garden.
text: They wedge the earth open with a digging stick, to find the
dialog: best topsoil.
text: Gradually they settle into a life of quiet domestic joy.
text: Pocahontas milks the cattle and leads them to their stalls.
text: She bakes bread in the oven and watches her husband with a
text: growing devotion; he has saved her from doom.
text: From time to. time Indians approach the house to trade with
text: her husband. Covered with soot and sweat, she looks
text: longingly at them, who spend their days as the birds of the
text: air and lilies of the field. She will never again play in
text: the river or run carefree through the scented forests.
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: INFANT
text: Gentla hands daub a newborn infant with sprigs of moss,
scene_heading: INT. ROLFE HOUSE
text: Pocahontas has just givan birth to a son. Rolfe is
text: overjoyed. But when Mary holds the child out to his
text: mother, Pocahontas hesitates to accept it, as though she
dialog: doubted it wera her own. Then her natural feelings assume
text: their reign, as she takes it warmly up into her arms.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Dear child! Thomas! May we call him
dialog: that?
scene_heading: EXT. JAMES RIVER
text: Pocahontas sits with Mary on the bank of the James. She
text: leoks out across the fields she reamed as a girl, to the
text: stiff ranks of poplar and virgin pine. Sha remembers the
text: nights when the aurora borealis shimmered above them. The.
text: air rings with the cries of children.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You seem happy.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I might be. I am about to be. Do you
dialog: ever know? I speak with my mother
dialog: again. I speak with the clouds. I
dialog: thought it would never ba. I have a
dialog: family now.
text: Pocahontas jumps and skips as she plays with her lovely
text: child, who now is two years old. Then suddenly she stops,
text: as though she had noticad how happy she was feeling and
dialog: felt guilty about it. But it is se wonderful to feel a
text: part of life again, to feel it flowing in her veins. Yes!
text: She turns to Rolfe and smiles.
scene_heading: VISION OF SMITH
text: That night Pocahontas dreams of her own mother, a lordly
text: woman who summons up the ghost of Captain Smith. Smith has
text: something in his hand, a little book, which her mother
text: insists she take from him. She studies the books, but she
text: can make no sense of it. When she looks up, Smith is
text: beckoning her. Where?
dialog: we
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 110,
text: EXT. WALLS OF JAMESTOWN FORT.
text: Another day, as sha is walking alone by the walls of the
text: fort, sha hears some voices on tha other side talking about
text: a man who could only be Smith. She stops. She puts her
text: ear to the rough-hewn palisade.
speaker_heading: VOICES (0.S.)
text: He got booted out of Newfoundland.
dialog: Set himself up a notch too high. Low-
dialog: born mant Knocked him from his
dialog: perch!...Ha could make you laugh,
dialog: though. He could make you laugh.
text: The treas sway back and forth above her head. A darkness
text: closes around her heart. At a convenient moment sha
text: approaches one of tha men who has been speaking.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Captain Smith is still alive?
dialog: {the man nods)
dialog: You saw him?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yes.
text: . She turns and walks away. Her face is white with shock.
scene_heading: INT. ROLFE HOUSE
text: Rolfe leans down to kiss Pocahontas, but she eludes him.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I cannot do that.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: It would mean something I do not feal.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: What has coma over you?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I am married to -- him.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: (after reacting te this}
dialog: Married? You don’t know the meaning
dialog: of the word exactly.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: But I am.
dialog: wh
dialog: Lin.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: You’va been so happy.
speaker_heading: . POCAHONTAS
dialog: Did I say I had been? My heart is
dialog: lika a stona.
text: Rolfe suffers this remark dumbly. He reaches out to take
text: her hand.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I mustn’t do this, John Rolfe. I
dialog: cannot kiss you as before. Why do you
dialog: tempt me?
text: She walks into the kitchen, closing the door behind her.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Don’t go.
text: Mad with jealousy, Rolfe jerks the door off its hinges.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You ought not to have dene that. It
dialog: is not becoming of you. Please go
dialog: away. Will you?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: I merely wish to say that it is
dialog: monstrous you should feel this way.
speaker_heading: FOCAHONTAS
dialog: Yes, I know, It is wicked of ma. I
dialog: am sorry. But it is not I altogether
dialog: who am to blame.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Who is, then?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Mr, Rolfe, would you mind my living
dialog: away from you?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Away from me? What was the meaning of
dialog: our marrying, then?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I thought I could do nothing alse. I
dialog: gave you my promise. Then, as time
dialog: went on, I regretted I had and wished
dialog: I could find a way to break it off. TI
dialog: thought of the scandal it would cause
dialog: -- this frightened me.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (cont/d)
dialog: I, of all people, ought not te have
dialog: cared what people said, But I was a
dialog: coward -- and I didn’t want to hurt
dialog: you, Now I see it would have been
dialog: better to have injured your feelings
dialog: then, than to marry you and injure
dialog: them all my life after. Will you let
dialog: me go away?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Mr. Rolfe, why should we let the world
dialog: choose our plan of life for us? What
dialog: is the use of thinking of laws, any
dialog: laws, if they make you miserable when
dialog: you know you are committing no wrong?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: From my point of view, you are
dialog: committing a wrong in not liking me.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I do like you! But I didn’t see it
dialog: would be ~- so much more than that.
dialog: For a man and a woman to live
dialog: together, whan one feels ag I do, is
dialog: not right. There. I have said it!
text: She winces inwardly to sea the pain that she is causing
text: him. But he is patient and kind. He overlooks insult and
dialog: injury. He doas not stand on his rights, nor keep a record
text: of wrongs. His is a love that never gives up.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS.
dialog: There’s a house in the heart. A
dialog: little house. I can’t help it that he
dialog: came to mine.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: You can,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: How? See my hand?
text: It flutters like a leaf. She is Faithful to her grief. To
dialog: think -- she had almost abandoned it!
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Ifm that way all through. Don’t leave
dialog: me. See me through this. I don’t say
dialog: it’s right. Why can’t we agrea to
dialog: free each cther? We made the pact.
dialog: At night, when we could not see.
dialog: Surely we can cancel it. Then we
dialog: might be friends and meet without pain
dialog: to either one of us. ‘Be my friend,
dialog: Mr. Rolfe.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: 156B
dialog: 157
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (cont! d)
dialog: (pause) .
dialog: Oh, don’t you sea? We shall both be
dialog: dead in a few years. Then what will
dialog: it matter to anybody that you set ma
dialog: free for a littla while? Why can’t we
dialog: seem fools to the world? I know I am
dialog: wrong. I always am. I guass you just
dialog: can’t say that you will love someone
dialog: forever,
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: You mean, by living away from me, to
dialog: live by yourself?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: If you insist. I know you maan my
dialog: good. I will go away and never
dialog: trouble you again. But...if you will
dialog: not let me go my way, will you let me
dialog: live here separately? I would not ask
dialog: if I were not forced to. Ba kind,
dialog: though I have not heen kind to you!
text: Again, he reaches out to take her hand.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You mustn’t, Mr. Rolfe.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Mustn’t what?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS /
dialog: Love ma. You ara to like ma. That is
dialog: all. If you want to leave me
dialog: altogether, I understand. Or say one
dialog: thing and do another. I understand.
dialog: (pointing to the window)
dialog: Go, look at the sun. See what it
dialog: says.
text: Rolfe looks out the windew in silence. The sparrows fuss
text: under the eave.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS’ BEDROOM - LATER
text: Pocahontas looks down at her child, asleep in his bed.
dialog: Poor, helpless thing -- why should he suffer? A tide of
text: love surges up in her chest, her throat.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - LATER
text: Rolfe answers a knock at his bedroom door. Pocahontas
text: stands before him in her nightgown.
speaker_heading: 1L1é
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I have changed my mind. If you want
dialog: to love ma, you are frea to. I will
dialog: never tell you again that you mustn’t.
dialog: Will you forgive me for my cruelty?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: What has happened to you?
dialog: {she shakes her head)
dialog: You are out of your sensas.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I can’t endure your saying that. I am
dialog: here, am I not? Don’t turn ma away.
text: He reaches out to her, but she shrinks away; she cannot
dialog: help it.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Why did you do that?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I wasn’t thinking. I’m sorry.
text: The ticking of a clock is loud in the enclosure of the
dialog: little room.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: I have had some surprising news. We
dialog: have been invited to England. Or
dialog: rather, you have.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: By whom?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: By the King and Queen. There will he
dialog: a royal audience in your honor,
dialog: (she looks puzzled)
dialog: You are known to them all. But that
dialog: is not why I think that you should go.
speaker_heading: "+ POCAHONTAS
dialog: Why, than?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Te see Mr. Smith. To see if you still
dialog: love him.
text: She sits down in a corner and puts her face in her hands.
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMESTOWN DOCKS
text: The hawsers are cast free as Pocahontas, Rolfe and their
text: son Thomas board a ship bound for England. Mary has come
text: along to help with the child. Newport, too, is a
dialog: passenger.
text: Wobblehead watches the ship move down the James River
dialog: toward tha Atlantic breakers.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP, HIGH SEAS
text: Pocahontas is astonished to discover that Opechancanough is
text: a fellow passenger. The great chief is disguised as a
dialog: common Indian.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Uncle!
text: Opechancanough indicates to her that she must keep his
text: identity a secret. Nonetheless, she greets him with the
dialog: proper formalities. -
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: The daughter of Powhatan greats har
text: mighty uncle. She begs him speak to
dialog: her, so that she may remember the
dialog: honor all of her days.
speaker_heading: OPECHANCANOUGH
dialog: (cold, aloof)
dialog: Opechancanough, who has won fifteen
dialog: feathers in battle against tha enemies
text: ef his people, greets the daughter of
dialog: the Emperor and orders her to risa
text: that he might see her face.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Why have you coma?
speaker_heading: OPECHANCANOUGH
dialog: Your father sent me. I am to place a
dialog: notch in‘these sticks for each white
dialog: pearson I come upon.
text: He shows her a sheaf of sticks he carries with him.
speaker_heading: OPECHANCANOUGH
dialog: Yes -- and to see this “God” they
dialog: speak. sO much about.
text: With a skeptical air, he bows te her and walks off, though
text: from the way in which he watches her hereafter,
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 116...
dialog: we suspect that her father has sent him along in part to
dialog: lock after her as well,
text: Other Indians swim behind the boat, pulled along by a
text: trailing rope. Even in the middle of the Atlantic they
text: cannot resist the attraction of the cold, wild water.
scene_heading: SIGHTS OF ENGLAND - HOLLAND (BRUGES) AND QUEBEC
text: Pocahontas gazes in wonder on the sights of the Old World
text: as they ride up the Thames. How she once dreamed of this
text: hour! The ship glides past the Isle of Dogs and turns into
text: the pool of London. The Tower, William the Conqueror’s
text: great fortress, rises from the blue mists at the water’s
text: edge. Still farther up stands London Bridge, bristling
text: with the heads of recently executed felons. Domes and
text: temples, avenues and theaters lie open to the fields and
text: sky. Bells are ringing far away.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON DOCKS
text: Half the city’s population seems to have turned out for
text: Pocahontas’ arrival. She sees her uncle is taking note of
text: all her silks and finery. Opechancanough himself is bare
text: except for his deerskin apron and splashes of paint.
text: She walks down the gangplank, searching the faces of her
text: welcomers for someone who is not there.
text: The crowds marvel at her beauty, blow kisses and throw
text: flowers in her path. She is a dove of peace, the living
text: proof that the heart’s great wilderness can be tamed, the
dialog: infidel brought to Christ. She is the very flesh and
dialog: promise of the American soil, an Earth Mother as surely as
dialog: ancient Demeter.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON STREETS - SERIES OF ANGLES
text: Hand in hand with her child, she walks like a somnambulist
text: through the crowds of the curious. The clanging of the
text: carts and coaches at first alarms har but soon is a source
dialog: of great delight. She has never before seen horse or
dialog: wheel. :
text: She gazes in wonder at the riders. To her they seem a part
text: of the horse itself, a single being with their mount. She
text: sees a flag streaming in the breeze. She sees a great
text: clock too, but seems to remember when Smith spoke’ to her of
dialog: such things in the woods, Her husband dees not guess her
text: thoughts. Opechancanough shares her amazement. The crowds
text: applaud her wherever she goes.
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 147.
text: What fascinates her most is window glass. She presses her
text: fingers against the leaded panes of a baker’s shop and
text: smiles at the people inside. Life abounds with wonders.
text: They pass a candlemaker’s stall,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Do you eat these?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: They are candles. You light the ends.
text: She looks away, embarrassed by her mistake. London’s
text: squalor, the open sewers and fetid lanes, make their
text: impression on her, toc. She studies a group of young
text: adventurers, reminiscent in their own way of Smith. She
text: glances at Rolfe, sees that he has been watching her and
text: looks guiltily away. Does he guess what she is thinking?
scene_heading: EXT. HEACHAM HALL
text: A coach passes through the gates of Heacham Hall, the
text: country estate where they have taken up residence.
text: Pocahontas alights, bows gracefully to a footman and looks
text: about her in amazement and delight. A fountain stands
text: before the entrance. The noise of water rushing through it
text: dissolves into the sound of applause.
scene_heading: INT. WHITEHALL PALACE
text: To a fanfare of trumpets and timpani, Pocahontas steps down
text: the main aisle of Whitehall Palace as she is presented to
text: Their Majesties James and Anne, the KING and QUEEN of
text: England. Her coal-dark eyes and noble bearing send tremors
dialog: through the court. ,
text: Mary looks on from the gallery: at last her unfortunate
dialog: mistress is receiving the respect she deserves.
text: Opechancanough is on hand, too, in his Pamunkey war dress.
text: Pocahontas bows to the King. Rolfe listens as the Court
text: Laureate reads a composition in her praise. Thomas
text: listens, too.
speaker_heading: LAUREATE
dialog: ‘The Princess of Virginia, Empress of
dialog: the New World, Savior of the Mission
dialog: Imperial. Through you we leave behind
dialog: the past and go forth into a newer,
dialog: mightier world, of fresh wonders ever.
dialog: Through you we shall walk in unknown
dialog: ways, pierce deep mines and fell the
dialog: forasts, look on peaks gigantic and
dialog: find the springs of great rivers. You
dialog: radiate redundant joy and grace on all
dialog: around you.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: LAUREATE (cant! d)
dialog: You warm us with the fullness of your
dialog: heart, You inspire us with your
dialog: courtesy. You unloose our tongues.
dialog: The walls of our habitual reserve
dialog: vanish and leave us at large.”
speaker_heading: KING JAMES
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Does ha bore you?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: No, King. I adore flattery -~- however
dialog: dishonest.
speaker_heading: KING JAMES
dialog: Admirable directness! Tall ma, how
dialog: large is your father’s realm?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Bigger than England, Spain and France
dialog: put together.
text: KING JAMES .
dialog: Ah, but how strong would you say it
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Strong enough that they would fight
dialog: the English army without the slightest
dialog: fear. Though it would never occur to
dialog: them to cross the seas and attack
dialog: people who to them had done no harm.
speaker_heading: KING JAMES
dialog: We had been led to believe they were
dialog: barbarians.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Even the poorest of the people is ‘
dialog: never in want. They have no beggars.
text: None who is abandoned or cast out.
dialog: All are brothers, sisters.
text: She speaks without: reserve. Even Opechancanough takes
dialog: note,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: They know what true nobility is.
speaker_heading: KING JAMES
dialog: And how does it seem to them?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: It has contempt for safety and ease.
dialog: It perceives that virtue is enough.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: pw
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 119,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (cont! d)
text: Tt stands by itself and does not try
dialog: weakly to reconcile itself to the
dialog: world. The strong, the presumptuous,
dialog: learn there is a resistance on whom
text: both impudence and terror are wasted,
text: The King steps forward, bows and kisses her hand. This is
text: someone from beyond his realm. Murmurs of surprise run
dialog: through the court. The Queen thinks she might have
text: discovered a new friend in her Virginia counterpart.
speaker_heading: QUEEN ANNE
dialog: Come afterwards to my apartments.
scene_heading: JONSON’S CHRISTMAS MASQUE
text: Pocahontas and the court watch Jonson’s Twelfth Night
text: masque, a pantomima of Greek gods and dancing children set
text: to music by Orlando Gibbons. Pocahontas marvels at the
text: unreal world of the stage.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITEHALL PALACE - OPECHANCANOUGH .
text: Pocahontas runs into Opechancanough on the lawn cutside the
dialog: palace.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You're still here! JI hope you will
dialog: not be discouraged, uncle. Like you,
dialog: I cannot forgive them, but I must live
dialog: among them. My life is here.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I hesitate to ask you this, but I wish
dialog: that you would carry a message to my
dialog: father. Tell him that he should
dialog: forgive himself for treating me with
dialog: indulgence -- we all are weak from
dialog: time to time -- and that I love him
dialog: very much.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Love can make us weak as well as
text: strong.
text: Opechancanough nods. He seems to want ta say something
text: more. She waits a mement, then bows gracefully to him and
text: starts off. When she has gone some distance,
text: Opechancanough hails her.
speaker_heading: OPE CHANCANOUGH
dialog: Farewell, my niece!
text: She turns around, deeply stirred by this hint of his
dialog: restored affection.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Farewell, great uncle!
text: He bows to her and leaves.
scene_heading: 167 EXT. HEACHEM GROUNDS - ROLFE WITH NEWPORT
text: Rolfe talks with Newport.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: You mustn’t let her play upon your
dialog: feelings in this way. I would speak
dialog: mora candidly, were she not your wife.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
text: She is not. She is his, except in
dialog: name and law. She would never have
dialog: married me had she known that he were
dialog: still alive. There is no use in
dialog: keeping her chained to me if she does
dialog: not balong to me. I must set her
dialog: free. I have reason to believe she
dialog: would welcome my taking such a step as
dialog: the greatest charity to her. And
dialog: though she sympathizes with me, as a
dialog: husband she cannot abide me.
speaker_heading: NEWPORT
dialog: Such a step might ruin your prospects
dialog: in Virginia.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: If so, no one must tell her.
dialog: (Newport starts to interrupt)
dialog: No, I don’t want your opinion on this.
dialog: My giving her up can do her no
dialog: possible harm, and it will opan up a
dialog: chance of happiness for her, which she
dialog: has never dreamt of hitherto.
scene_heading: 168 INT. HEACHAM ROOMS - ROLFE AND POCAHONTAS
text: Rolfe has opened his heart to his wife.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS |
dialog: But I am prepared to stay.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: I would be wrong to hold you back. I
dialog: was a.fool. In my vanity I thought I
dialog: could make you love me. You cannot do
dialog: that, or shouldn’t. In any case, you
dialog: have walked blindly into a situation
dialog: you did not anticipate.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: ROLFE (cont/d)
dialog: I must help you, whether you ask it or
dialog: not. I will not rob you of your salf-
dialog: raspect.
text: Rolfe’s sensa that he is doing his duty by a woman at his
text: mercy almost overpowers his grief at giving her up.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: I am a bachelor by nature. Being
dialog: without a wife will not really be 30
dialog: irksome as it might be to other men,
dialog: especially those who might have bean
dialog: married longer. I have my fields.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: What of our child?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: He can come to you in tha spring, and
dialog: then back to me in tha fall.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Don’t you worry what people will say?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: What happens in England does not
dialog: concern me. Back in Virginia the
dialog: matter is too old for scandal,
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I shall write you.
speaker_heading: ROLFE :
dialog: No. I think we should be separate.
dialog: You need give me no information about
dialog: your plans or-movements.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: You don’t seem very sorry at the idea
dialog: of my going.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: (infinitely sorry)
dialog: No. Perhaps not.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: This is hard, John -- for me to say --
dialog: but I know it is the best course. I
dialog: know for certain that you will be
dialog: better off without me. I should add
dialog: that I like you very much for how you
dialog: have behaved. It is a strange thing
dialog: that, as soon as I begin to regard you
dialog: not as my husband but as a friend, I
dialog: like you very much.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (cont‘d)
dialog: I won't be so careless as to say I
dialog: love you, but I will always remember
dialog: you --
dialog: {choking up)
dialog: -- as a very good friend.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: I will see you again before I sail --
dialog: so I will not say goodbye.
scene_heading: EXT. HEACHAM HALL - MUSIC
text: Captain Smith approaches Heacham Hall. He is seven years
text: older. To judge by his wardrobe, he has not fared well in
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Is this the Rolfe estate?
speaker_heading: GARDENER
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: INT. POCAHONTAS’ BEDROOM
text: Mary announces Smith’s arrival.
speaker_heading: - MARY
dialog: It’s him! I seen him!
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Captain Smith! Good as my word,
text: Mafam. Most presuming, appearing in
dialog: this manner, without forwarding a
dialog: customary note of warning. You‘’d be
dialog: within your rights, and certainly
dialog: within the proprieties, to send him
dialog: away without an explanation!
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Indeed! Perhaps I should.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (hoping she won’t)
dialog: What shall I say?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: That you told me. That I thanked you
dialog: for telling me.
text: Mary leaves, giddy with excitement; once again she may
text: resume her role in the drama. Pocahontas is pale with
dialog: emotion.
text: She gives him a mysterious pat on the cheak, as though she
dialog: wished to get his hopes up -- to seduce him a little, so
dialog: that she might turn cold and aloof again, and punish him
dialog: for his presumption.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I had forgotten how forward you are.
text: She strides haughtily across the lawn, condescending and
dialog: cold. She has made herself what he wanted. A grand lady}
dialog: Now let. him watch her.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Giving yourself airs, eh? Who's this
dialog: man you’‘re married to?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: He owns the largest plantation in
dialog: Virginia. If you must know.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You look well, Princess. I'm not
dialog: joking. You look damn well when
dialog: you're properly dressed.,.So after I
dialog: left it -- want well for you.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I heard the King and Queen received
dialog: you. Everybody reports you were a
dialog: great favorite. They all speak of
dialog: you. One hears them in the streets.
dialog: Her Ladyship! Who'd have guessed it?
text: He looks deep into her eyes, then quickly takes her hand
text: and holds it like a trapped bird. .
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I cannot do this.
text: But when he kisses her cheeks and her lips, her will melts
text: away. Tongues of fire shoot through her veins, and for a
text: moment she returns the kiss. But with the parting of her
text: lips she lets him go. The spell is broken; her love has
text: died, passed off like a dream. He gazes ardently at her.
speaker_heading: : POCAHONTAS
dialog: Are you about to tell me a secret? I
dialog: hate secrets. Whenever anyone asks me
dialog: if I would like to hear one, I say no.
dialog: I have not once regretted it.
dialog: bo
dialog: 125,
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I was born in a tanner’s shed. Never
dialog: had a thing. Noé property, no rank, no
dialog: chance of gatting hold of anything
dialog: except with my own hands. I couldn’t
dialog: afford the luxury of being a
dialog: gentleman. You think I.liked being
dialog: what I was? I saw a chance to change
dialog: it. I can’t be blamed for wanting to.
dialog: Nobody respects a poor man. I put my
dialog: not gatting on in life down to them
dialog: persistently sanding me off to fight
dialog: their wars for them. I always felt I
dialog: would break through -- the next day,
dialog: the next hour -- that something grand
dialog: was waiting for me -- a destiny all my
dialog: own -- above the common one. .
dialog: Believing it has carried me through
text: thick and thin.
text: As he talks she looks at him and wonders at how crestfallan
text: he seems, he who used to have the assurance of a man who
dialog: had never known defeat. She wanted him brought low, but
dialog: this is more than she can bear. What does it mean that he
dialog: once loved her and she loved him?. Where did it all go?
text: He no longer is the person she yearned for. She seems, in
dialog: fact, to have forgotten who that person was. The figure
text: who stands before her now is common as clay -- the last
text: representative of her extinct, betrayed freedom.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You knew that I had promise, didn’t
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Ch yes! Did you find your Indies,
dialog: John?
text: He looks off at the horizon. Where did he wander from the
dialog: path?
speaker_heading: | SMITH
dialog: After I left Virginia, I got tha idea
dialog: of going south, to Venezuela and the
dialog: Guyanas, east of Pizarro’s lands. I
dialog: had heard of a city there. But they
dialog: withdrew the funds as I was about to
dialog: sail.. So I went to New England.
dialog: Mapped it, Then the honest citizens
dialog: went over. I was fool enough not to
dialog: insist upon a contract in advance.
dialog: Thay’re making the world in their own
text: likeness, clear to the Pole.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: SMITH (cont'd) .
dialog: There is nowhere they are not. I had
dialog: no idea my life would be spent in the
dialog: company of thieves; of those,
dialog: especially, who steal with a pen. I
dialog: dreamed of something else: graat
text: voyages of discovery, the land opening
dialog: before me, new republics without a
dialog: history, magic, new races, a new world
dialog: to shame tha old. Tha Indies -- they
dialog: were like a mirage for me.
dialog: (intercut: his shadow
text: moving over the ground,
dialog: high walls, the St.
dialog: Lawrence River winding
dialog: into the west, etc.)
dialog: I always thought they were around the
dialog: next bend -- the next thing, then the
dialog: next ~~ Newfoundland, St. Rupert’s
dialog: Island. Every time I told myself,
dialog: “Have faith. Wait. They are coming.”
dialog: I covered the whole world. Hard as I
dialog: searched, I never found what I was
dialog: looking for. After a while I gave up -
dialog: striving. Maybe I should have gone
dialog: farther north. That’s where all the
dialog: excitement is now. Perhaps there is
dialog: no passage. Perhaps it was a dream.
dialog: In some respects I’ve been a failure.
dialog: And yet I saw -- with you I knew. You
dialog: were my America, or there is none at
dialog: all.
text: He is conscious of looking as though he had fallen on hard
text: times. While her husband enjoys the fruits of her Virginia
dialog: patrimony, he, for all his prodigies of exploration and
dialog: adventuring, cannot lay claim to so much as a foot of land
text: in the New World. He is alone, bereft of hearth and home.
text: It embarrasses him that she should find him at such a pass.
text: Her gaze reaches into him like a ray of sunlight into a
dialog: forest. She alone knew the secret promise of his
text: existence. And seeing her, he knows that promise is nearly
text: gone; he is nothing more than what he now seems.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: May I speak with you this way?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: of course.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I wonder.
dialog: 172
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Your worldly failure, if you insist
dialog: upon considering it that, is to your
dialog: credit rather than your blame. You
dialog: should remember that the best people
dialog: are those who do themselves no worldly
dialog: good. Every successful man is more or
dialog: less a selfish one.
text: He looks around. The lawn and woods buzz with spring’s
text: ventriloquisms, The bees are drowsy with nectar.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: John?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I forget what I was going to say.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: It must have been a lie!
text: They smile. There is a peace between them. She has let ~-
dialog: him go.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I suppose a person of your commendable
dialog: nature cannot he sad for long.
text: She lets this illusion stand.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: No. You know that we were very happy
dialog: ence. Because that is the only thing
dialog: I could not bear --’if you had
dialog: forgotten.
text: He sees what a noble being hea allowed to escape him.
text: Before he can return to his senses they have said goodbye.
scene_heading: SMITH’S POVS - MUSIC
text: Smith watches her go off. The Indies music comes softly
text: in, and now it occurs to him that if he has not found his
dialog: dream, perhaps he was looking for it in the wrong place --
dialog: in the outer kingdom of riches and glory, when all the
text: while it lay within, in the love and the pain he shared
dialog: with this woman.
dialog: Was she the wondrous destiny that lay in store for him?
text: Was she his Indies? Did he sail past them, mistaking where
dialog: they lay or never believing they could be found, or worse
dialog: yet -- a lover of thresholds -- afraid to set foot there?
dialog: 173
dialog: 128.
text: And even as this thought comes over him, with extraordinary
text: force, he knows that it will pass, that he will again take
text: up the illusions of his daily life. The blinding insight
dialog: will seem a creature of this present hour; a passing fancy.
scene_heading: EXT. HEACHAM HALL - LATER
text: Rolfe arrives home. Pocahontas comas out to greet him.
text: She carries on almost as though nothing had ever coma
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: John, I have a desire to see Virginia
dialog: again. I don’t know how long it’s
dialog: bean since I saw a blue sky or swam in
dialog: the river ~- and the people ara so
dialog: very nice, but my jaws ache from
dialog: smiling, and -- couldn’t we go homa?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: As soon as possibla.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Before you say that, I should tell you
dialog: that Captain Smith paid me a visit. I
dialog: received him, and I let him hold my
dialog: hand -- a long while. I don’t know
dialog: whether you think it wrong.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: , (distracted)
dialog: Oh, did-you? What did you do that
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I am not sure. He wanted to, and I
dialog: let him.
text: She is surprised that he does not scold her.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS .
dialog: Furthermore, I kissed him and let him
dialog: kiss mal.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: The old story.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS .
dialog: _I didn’t know wa ware going to until
dialog: we did.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: May I ask how many times this
dialog: occurred?
dialog: 175
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Thomas! Come closer. I was in the
text: house, and the movers took a big trunk
dialog: away, and I found this in a chink of
dialog: the wall. A map!
text: His eyes light up as she unravels the old scroll. The
text: blood of two races flows in the boy.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: What does it say?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Give me time! Can we talk here? Wo --
dialog: the maids are so nosey! Close the
dialog: door. We mustn’t tell anybody else!
dialog: You won't, will you? I won't aither.
text: It’s signed by a Spanish lord.
text: Stamped with his seal! He says that
dialog: if we follow it precisely, we will
text: come to a stone man holding a great :
text: fish, with a waterfall coming from its .
dialog: mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS - SERIES OF ANGLES
text: They rush around the grounds, from one place to another,
text: following the directions to the treasure.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Wait, wait! Now it says that we
dialog: should bow three times to each other.
text: They bow to each other, as specified, and hurry off to the
text: next clue, until at length they coma to a huge mossy statue
text: of a cherub holding a fish. A fountain bubbles from the
text: fish’s mouth.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Mother?!
text: He gapes at the mysterious figure. Then he looks at her
text: and realizes she has been leading him on, and he begins to
text: chase her. They laugh and cavort wildly.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS (0.S.)
dialog: Reach in there!
text: Thomas walks carefully to flower pot at a corner of the
text: field, puts his hand inside and draws out a glass frog.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What is it?
dialog: 1738
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: A good many. I don’t remember. And I
dialog: Called him my dear friend. He spoke
dialog: of some things of the past, and it
dialog: overcame me.
dialog: (pauge)
dialog: You don’t seem very upset.
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: Perhaps I feel numb.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: You didn’t know that he was coming,
dialog: did you?
speaker_heading: ROLFE
dialog: What you suggest is beneath the
dialog: conduct of a gantleman.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I loved a dream. Will you have me
dialog: back? Will you forgive me for
dialog: neglecting you? Can you forget?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Now I know what true love is! Now I
dialog: am home.
text: Eyes bent in repentance, she takes his hand and presses it
text: against her cheek. It is the first time we have seen them
text: touch each other. Their child, watching from afar, senses
text: his parents’ joy. It seems to him they are united at last.
scene_heading: THOMAS’ POVS ON POCAHONTAS AND ROLFE
text: Thomas watches, undetected, as his mother and father go
text: hand in hand about the grounds, happily observing those
dialog: commonplace scenes of life that perhaps meant little enough
dialog: to “them before but which now suddenly have a power to
text: convey all the meaning and glory of love’s new world: a dog
text: chasing doves, a trea bowing its head, the wind on a pond.
text: At last, to his astonished joy, they kiss. With a fine
text: sense of discretion, the child hurries away. His heart
text: beats in his throat.
scene_heading: EXT. HEACHAM HALL - DUSK
text: Later the same day, or week, young Thomas looks up with a
text: start. His mother rushes in with a parchment scroll she
text: has found, unable to restrain her excitement.
dialog: 171
text: She takes a moment to compose herself, to savor the last
text: moments of her innocence. Will she know him? Will she be
dialog: able. to speak with him?
scene_heading: EXT. HEACHAM LAWN
text: She goes out the front door onto the lawn, and there he
text: stands ~- her first love! Smith looks up. She is radiant
text: in her silks and finery, utterly transformed from the wood
dialog: nymph he knew. She has achieved culture, station,
dialog: refinement, wealth, become the sophisticated soul he
dialog: thought she could never ba, while he has grown more animal,
text: She lets him look at her. She trembles under his gaze,
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Did I make a mistake in coming here?
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: That is for you to decide. But I
dialog: don’t sea how you could think it so
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I would have come before except that
dialog: I’ve baen away from the capital.
dialog: Business, you know. Small excuse,
dialog: considering that I owe you my life.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Don’t trouble yourself on that
dialog: account.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Perhaps I’m out of bounds speaking
dialog: this way, but I’ve thought of you.
dialog: often. I was a fool not to have bound
dialog: my fate with yours. I might bea
text: happy man now. A prosperous one, in
dialog: any case.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Is that so?
dialog: She will not give him anything. He will have to beg her.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I would not lie to you. No more than
dialog: I would cheat at cards. Be good for
dialog: once and don’t make a scene. I
dialog: confess that I am more, or less, than
dialog: a gentieman. You once gave me the
dialog: benefit of the doubt.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: I never told you that I did.
dialog: 123.
dialog: ee
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Be strong, my husband. This must
dialog: happen to us all. What does it matter
dialog: if I come a little before or after?
dialog: I‘m going to sea my father and my
dialog: mother, and as she whispered to me, so
dialog: shall I to you. See if you can hear
dialog: me. I will use the wind for a tongue.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVESEND DOCK, COTTAGE WINDOW, BACKYARD, ETC.
text: The curtains whisper over the sash as Pocahontas’ spirit
text: makes its departure. Her effects are put away. The
text: fisherman’s daughter shakes out the pillows that she slept
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: ROLFE (0.S.)
dialog: “She said that she would be in our
dialog: breath and in the ground beneath our
text: feet, bearing us up. She refused all
dialog: sympathy, saying it was enough that
dialog: you, her child -- -
dialog: (over scenes of America)
dialog: -- should live.”
text: Rolfe boards a ship. Opechancanough, his face painted with
text: ashes, follows him up the gangplank.
scene_heading: SHIP DEPARTING GRAVESEND AS SEEN FROM DOCK
text: At the Gravesend dock, sailors and fishermen go about their
text: tasks -- mending nets, caulking the seams.
text: As the end credits begin to roll, the ship with its great
text: whita sails is already in the offing -- Virginia-bound!
scene_heading: ABOARD THE SHIP - THE BOY
text: Thomas looks out over the waves.
scene_heading: EXT. VIRGINIA WOODS
text: The New World pines sway back and forth in ecstasy, forever
text: awaiting the determined sailor.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: re
dialog: ”
dialog: an
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 131.
text: He brings her the frog, cupping it with both hands, as
dialog: though it wera a graat jewel.
speaker_heading: POCAHONTAS
dialog: Oh, Thomas! You said you wouldn't
dialog: tell anybody. It will be our secret.
text: She looks at him and remembers when she, too, shone in this
dialog: way and all the world about her. she misses her daily
text: salute to the rising sun, the times when she found a bird’s
text: nest or vaulted up a tree, the shock of the cold water as
dialog: she plunged into the river -- all those little moments of
dialog: her life that no one else can remember or will ever know
dialog: about.
text: The wind comes up through the trees. Suddenly, to her
text: son’s delight, she performs a cartwheel in her English
text: dress. Rolfa looks on from afar, well pleased.
text: The story could end here, with a lagend describing what
dialog: happened to the characters, or else it might continue with
dialog: these next, concluding scenes: . -
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVESEND COTTAGE - A FEW WEEKS LATER
text: On their way back to America, the Rolfes have stopped in
text: Gravesend, the last port for sea-bound vessels.
speaker_heading: ROLFE (0.S.)
dialog: “13 April 1616 --
dialog: Dear Son, I write this so that
dialog: you might have it someday in the
dialog: future. Your dear mother, Rebecca,
dialog: fell ill in our outward passage, at
dialog: Gravesend, a small fishing town at the
dialog: mouth of the Thames, where the river
text: flows out into the sea.”
text: Opechancanough bursts out of a cottage, screaming in a wild
text: Pamunkey way. The citizans look at him as’ though he were a
dialog: madman,
scene_heading: INT, COTTAGE BEDROOM
text: Thomas Rolfe peers at his mother through a crack ina
text: bedroom deor. The young lady attending him, a fisherman’s
text: daughter, inspects the glass frog.
dialog: YOUNG LADY .
dialog: She gave you this? Very expensive.
dialog: Remember her, dearie!
text: Tears stream down Rolfe’s face. Pocahontas lies in bed,
text: surrounded by a radiance of white linen.
dialog: 
