dialog: 
dialog: Rev. April 26, 1971
scene_heading: THE FRENCH CONNECTION
dialog: by
scene_heading: ERNEST TIDYMAN and WILLIAM FRIEDKIN
scene_heading: DIRECTOR: William Friedkin
scene_heading: PRODUCER: Philip D'Antoni
scene_heading: EXT. LE VALLON
text: Opening shot - High angle on Lincoln along small bay with
dialog: boats.
dialog: Ext. Bar - Waist to full figure Pan Right to Left. Detective
text: comes out eating pizza, looking around. He crosses street
text: and stops against wall of impasse Michael.
text: He looks O.S. left,
text: His POV - L.S. of Lincoln behind fishing nets.
text: Waist shot of Detective looking and eating.
dialog: M.S. of Lincoln.
text: C.S. of Detective looking O.S. Left.
text: Pan Right to Left with Charnier coming out from Fonfon with
text: three friends and they walk to the Lincoln.
text: Pan Left to Right with Lincoln passing in front of the
dialog: Detective.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE LA SAMARITAINE
text: High angle from balcony. Zoom on Detective seated at the
text: cafe, reading a newspaper.
text: Cut on Lincoln along sidewalk of the cafe, then zoom back to
text: discover Detective seated.
scene_heading: EXT. MARSEILLE STREETS
text: Low angle from stairs Rue des Repenties and Pan Left to
text: Right to Rue Sainte Francoise following the Detective.
text: Pan Left to Right with Detective from Rue des Repenties to
dialog: Rue Baussenque.
text: Low angle between Rue des Moulins and Rue des Accoules with
text: Detective passing by.
text: Ext. Rue du Panier - The Detective comes out from the bakery
text: camera Right and starts to climb up Rue des Moulins with his
dialog: bread.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: High angle - on No. 50 Rue des Moulins. Pan Left to Right
text: with Detective coming up the street with his bread and going
text: inside his house, starting to open his letter-box.
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: High angle - complete reverse. As the Detective starts to
text: open his letter-box in B.G. a hand pointing a gun moves in
text: foreground and blows off half of the French Detective's head
text: with the first shot.
text: Cut to Nicoli C.S. who just fired.
scene_heading: EXT. A BAR IN BED-STUY - DAY
text: A large man in a Santa Claus suit and white beard is
text: entertaining a group of black children. He leads them in
text: the singing of a Christmas Carol (Hark the Herald Angels
text: Sing). The man is DETECTIVE FIRST GRADE JIMMY DOYLE. His
text: attention is split between the children and the activity
text: inside the bar.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR - DOYLE'S POV - DAY
text: The place is crowded with mid-day drinkers. Dimly outlined
text: at the far end of the bar are TWO BLACK MEN involved in some
dialog: kind of transaction in which a package is exchanged for
text: money. As the transaction seems to be completed, cut to
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAR - DAY
text: Santa Claus (DOYLE) starts to ring his big Christmas bell,
text: above the singing. The bell is a signal to DETECTIVE SECOND
text: GRADE BUDDY RUSSO. At this moment RUSSO is in the clothes
text: of a hot dog vendor and is in fact working behind a hot dog
text: wagon. At the ringing of DOYLE's bell he takes off his
text: apron, leaves the wagon, and runs toward the bar.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: (as RUSSO passes him)
text: The guy in the brown coat.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR - DAY
text: RUSSO enter the bar on the run. He stops and looks over the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: RUSSO'S POV
text: There are TWENTY or THIRTY MEN at the bar, at least TEN are
text: wearing brown coats! The TWO MEN involved in the deal see
text: RUSSO and start to run. One (THE BUYER) takes off out of
text: the back door. The other (THE PUSHER) jumps over the bar
text: and heads for the front entrance.
dialog: 3.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAR - DAY
text: THE PUSHER dashes out past Santa Claus (DOYLE). RUSSO
text: follows him and all three give chase.
scene_heading: EXT. BED-STUY TENEMENT ALLEY - DAY
text: THREE FIGURES running down a New York tenement alley, the
text: first in flight, the others in pursuit. We pick up the
text: incredible clutter of such an alley, mounts of rusting beer
text: cans, paper bags of garbage bulging and ripping open, old
text: bed springs, burned out mattresses, etc.
scene_heading: EXT. BED-STUY TENEMENT ALLEY - DAY
text: Close shot of BLACK PUSHER tripping on the tangle of trash
text: going up against the wall in his stumble, face toward the
text: camera, and the figures of RUSSO and DOYLE leaping upon him
text: from off-camera. There is a blur or fast struggle as DOYLE
text: and RUSSO try to get his arms and put him against the wall.
text: BLACK PUSHER writhes loose and we close in on a knife in his
text: hand, plunging rapidly into RUSSO'S left forearm.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Son of a bitch!
text: The words are both warning and a grunt of pain. As RUSSO
text: takes the blade and utters the words, we simultaneously go
text: to DOYLE crouching and snatching his .38 out of the right
text: ankle holster.
scene_heading: EXT. BED-STUY TENEMENT ALLEY - DAY
text: Close shot of DOYLE and the BLACK PUSHER, DOYLE pistol-
text: whipping him into submission with three lightening chops of
text: the gun to the PUSHER'S head. DOYLE continues to beat the
text: man mercilessly into submission.
scene_heading: INT. DOYLE'S CAR - DAY
text: 3-shot of BLACK PUSHER sitting between DOYLE and RUSSO.
text: DOYLE is at the wheel. BLACK PUSHER is sitting on his
text: hands, wrists manacled behind him, his head down and dripping
text: blood onto the jacket and the canary-yellow turtleneck. All
text: three are breathing hard.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What's your name, asshole?
speaker_heading: BLACK PUSHER
dialog: Fuck you, Santa Claus!
text: DOYLE hits him across the face.
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Your name is Willie Craven.
text: BLACK PUSHER doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Who's your connection, Willie?
dialog: What's his name?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Who killed the old Jew in the
dialog: laundromat?
text: BLACK PUSHER's brow furrows, looks up just a little.
speaker_heading: BLACK PUSHER
dialog: I don't...
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Ever pick your feet in Poughkeepsie?
speaker_heading: BLACK PUSHER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Did you ever pick your feet in
dialog: Poughkeepsie?
speaker_heading: BLACK PUSHER
dialog: I don't know what you're talkin'
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Were you ever in Poughkeepsie?
speaker_heading: BLACK PUSHER
dialog: No... yeah...
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Did you ever sit on the edge of the
dialog: bed, take off your socks and stick
dialog: your fingers between your toes?
speaker_heading: BLACK PUSHER
dialog: Man, I'm clean.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You made three sales to your
dialog: roaches back there. We had to
dialog: chase you through all this shit and
dialog: you tell me you're clean?
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Who stuck up the laundromat?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: How about that time you were
dialog: picking your feet in Poughkeepsie?
text: The BLACK PUSHER'S eyes go to RUSSO in panic, looking for
dialog: relief from the pressure of the inquisition.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: You better give me the guy who got
dialog: the old Jew or you better give me
dialog: something or you're just a memory
dialog: in this town.
speaker_heading: BLACK PUSHER
dialog: That's a lot o' shit. I didn't do
dialog: nothin'.
text: The BLACK PUSHER's eyes are on DOYLE, frozen in confusion
dialog: and fear.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You put a shiv in my partner. Know
dialog: what that means? All winter I
dialog: gotta listen to him gripe about his
dialog: bowling scores. Now I'm gonna bust
dialog: your ass for those three bags -
dialog: then I'm gonna nail you for pickin'
dialog: your feet in Poughkeepsie.
scene_heading: EXT. HEADQUARTERS NARCOTICS BUREAU OF THE NYPD 12 OLD SLIP
scene_heading: AND SOUTH STREETS - NIGHT
text: DOYLE and RUSSO standing side by side on the front steps of
text: the old First Precinct on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
text: RUSSO has his overcoat over his shoulders as a cape. The
text: sleeve of his left arm is rolled up over a blood-stained
text: bandage on the left forearm.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Havin' trouble? You're a dumb
dialog: guinea.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: How'd I know he had a knife.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Never trust a nigger.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: He coulda been white.
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Never trust anybody. You goin' sick?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Not a chance.
text: RUSSO nods in acceptance of the remark. The easy, synical
text: rapport between them is obvious: they are partners in a
dialog: business where somebody is always getting hurt and pain is
text: part of the inventory.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Let's popeye around the Chez for a
dialog: half hour, catch the end of the
text: show and a couple drinks.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Some other time Jimmy, I'm beat.
text: DOYLE reaches into the right side pocket of BUDDY's suitcoat
text: for a cigarette and matches. He lights up two in the pause,
text: sticks one in RUSSO's mouth.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Come on -- one drink. Whatta you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Drink this.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Whip it out.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB - NIGHT
scene_heading: THE TITLES COMMENCE
scene_heading: THE FRENCH CONNECTION
text: Titles over a close shot of a chorus line, with lots of tits
text: and ass and lean, long legs in a brassy blare of music. We
text: zoom back to the area where DOYLE and RUSSO are beginning to
text: occupy a table. RUSSO takes the seat on the right, eyes
text: immediately on all that ginch, while DOYLE standing, gives
text: their order. We do not hear the dialogue but DOYLE asks
text: RUSSO what he wants BUDDY looks up and says "Cinzano." DOYLE
text: turns and says "Two of these." DOYLE slips into the chair
text: opposite RUSSO and the titles roll on. Unlike RUSSO who is
text: concentrating on the girls, DOYLE is digging the room and
text: the people who occupy the tables in it, as if he is the sort
text: of man who cannot relax until he knows who is around him,
dialog: why they are there.
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB - NIGHT
text: A long view from DOYLE's position of the room, a quick
text: certain survey that stumbles twice; on laughter that seems
text: too raw and then over a flurry of activity by WAITERS and
text: CAPTAINS serving a table on the main floor. DOYLE's
text: attention is apprehended by the noise and activity that
text: emanate from the same large table.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I make at least two junk connections
text: at that table in the corner. The
dialog: guy is the stripe combo, I know him
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Hey, I thought we come for a drink.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB - NIGHT
text: A long view of the table with DOYLE and RUSSO very close
text: foreground, left and right. DOYLE is leaning on an elbow.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Who is that guy?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Policy man in Queens.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What about the last of the big-time
dialog: spenders. You make him?
text: RUSSO's eyes come off the show. It is a direct line from
text: DOYLE's gaze to the round, ruddy and arrogant face of SAL
text: BOCA, the apparent host of the table of EIGHT MEN AND WOMEN,
text: the Men in dinner jackets with ties tucked under the collars
text: of blue or white lace-trimmed shirts, the Women in a mixture
text: of pant suits and Catskills cocktail party dresses, their
text: hair coiffed towers.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: No, you?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Hunh-uh. Check the bread. He
dialog: spreads it like the Russians are in
dialog: Jersey.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: He probably sells insurance. Owns
text: a chicken farm in Hackensack.
dialog: 8.
text: Zoom in slowly on SAL as he deals tips and orders. Through
text: DOYLE's eyes, we go from Guest to Guest at SAL's table,
text: taking apart their manners and styles as they talk and
text: laugh, lost in the show chatter.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB - NIGHT
text: DOYLE finishing his drink, still looking at the table.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Dig who's just come over. The
text: creep on the end.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB - NIGHT
text: The camera pans down the table to dig the "creep on the end."
speaker_heading: RUSSO (VO)
dialog: Jewish Lucky from the Bronx... He
dialog: don't look the same without a
text: number across his chest.
scene_heading: INT. THE CLUB - NIGHT
text: DOYLE close in right profile, SAL's table in the far blurred
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Whatta you say we wait and give him
dialog: a tail?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Give who a tail?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: The greaser with the blonde.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: What for -- you wanna play Hide the
dialog: Salami with his old lady?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Come on -- just for fun --
scene_heading: INT/EXT. DOYLE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: The view from the back seat of DOYLE's car. DOYLE is at the
text: wheel, RUSSO packed uncomfortably into the corner at DOYLE's
text: right. Seventy-five yards away on the other side of the
text: street the canopied entrance of the Club. A Continental is
text: parked in front of the club. The DRIVER leaning on a fender
text: talking with the DOORMAN. DOYLE frisks his own pockets for
text: a cigarette, coming up with a collection of laundry slips,
text: crumpled notes, toothpicks and matches.
dialog: 9.
text: One of the slips of paper catches his eye as he is going
text: through the ritual of the cigarette mooch, a slip bearing
text: the name of a girl. His attention is really on the entrance
text: of the Club and both his conversation and the cigarette
text: business are detached and incidental to the art of waiting
text: through the stakeout. He stuffs the cards back into his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Monica? Who's Monica?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (handing him a cigarette)
dialog: A and A, that's all you're
dialog: interested in -- Arrests and Ass.
text: As soon as DOYLE has finished lighting the cigarette SAL and
text: his PARTY come bubbling out of the Club noisily, a little
text: drunkenly. SAL waves to the attentive DOORMAN.
text: DOYLE close, leaning forward over the wheel to put his hand
text: on the ignition key. He does not turn it. He is waiting
text: for the cover of noise from the starting of SAL's car.
text: RUSSO is turning the opposite corner of the car into a bend,
text: his head back, arms across his chest.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Cloudy, I'll lay odds he takes us
dialog: to Little Italy.
text: DOYLE reaches under his seat for the straw surveillance
text: hat - throws it up to read ledge of car.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: I'm telling you, Popeye, he owns a
dialog: bagel mine in the Bronx.
text: A long view of the Club entrance. SAL and ANGIE, a well-
text: built "classy" blonde with good legs, get into their black
text: Mercury sedan. The Mercury takes off towards First Avenue.
text: We hear DOYLE's car start and we move off after them on the
text: last blink of tail-lights at the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY - NIGHT
text: Cabs, Daily News and Times delivery trucks, bakery vans and
text: a few cruising cabs, one or two passenger cars and a coasting
text: green and black police cruiser -- this is the 4:30 a.m.
text: traffic through which DOYLE moves.
text: A rear-window view of SAL and ANGIE BOCA, in animated
text: conversation. His head is turned toward her, his hand
text: raised in a gesture. ANGIE is sitting in a corner with her
text: back to the door, in profile to the back window.
dialog: 10.
text: Her blonde head bobbles with laughter over some remark SAL
dialog: has made.
text: A long overhead view of the two cars wheeling in and out of
text: the sparse traffic.
text: Close shot of the license plate on BOCA's car.
text: Close shot DOYLE staring at license plate, memorizing it.
scene_heading: EXT. RATNER'S - DAY
text: BOCA and ANGIE exit restaurant, get into their car and drive
text: off. Hold for DOYLE's car as it passes through after them.
scene_heading: EXT. MULBERRY STREET - DAY
text: Side close view of SAL turning south into Mott Street
text: panning to pick up the Italian names on the candy stores,
text: funeral parlors, bars, grocery stores, social clubs.
text: A long view of SAL's car from the DOYLE-RUSSO auto, over the
text: shoulders of the two cops. DOYLE is leaning on the wheel of
text: his car. He's against the curb about 100 yards behind SAL.
text: Medium close view of SAL in the middle of Mott Street,
text: walking quickly toward the opposite side of the street,
text: hands in the pocket of his white raincoat. He glances over
text: his shoulder in the direction of DOYLE's car.
text: Close of RUSSO who has come awake. The smart-ass demeanor
text: has dropped away. DOYLE turns to him and smiles. This
dialog: district is the heart of every illegal activity in New York.
text: Close rear view of DOYLE and RUSSO ducking down to the level
text: of the dashboard, a reflex action. He couldn't see them at
text: that distance, although SAL, lighted by his own headlights,
text: can be seen in the background walking around the cars,
text: across the sidewalk and stopped at a recessed doorway.
text: Medium close shot of SAL and partially visible FIGURE at the
text: doorway. With another glance up the street, SAL takes
text: something out of his raincoat pocket and steps up and into
text: the doorway.
scene_heading: INT. DOYLE'S CAR - DAY
text: Close from the front of DOYLE and RUSSO low against the
text: dashboard.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: It's a drop!
text: DOYLE's face, close, light smile.
dialog: 11.
text: Long view of SAL walking down the sidewalk quickly for about
text: a quarter of a block while the headlights of his car, with
text: ANGIE apparently driving, move up with him. At another
text: doorway, he looks back and then steps inside.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN BRIDGE - DAY
text: Long view of SAL's Mercury moving over Brooklyn Bridge.
text: Close shot of the DOYLE-RUSSO car from RUSSO's side. BUDDY
text: now interested, watching.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN - DAY
text: Overhead view of cars circling block, first Mercury turning
text: corner, then DOYLE's Ford.
text: Long shot of the Mercury pulling up beside line of parked
text: cars (as seen from DOYLE-RUSSO car) stopping and parking.
text: Hold on Mercury as SAL and ANGIE get out of it. SAL locking
text: it up, and starting to walk toward a line of parked cars.
text: Close shot from rear seat of DOYLE and RUSSO glancing at
dialog: each other.
text: SAL and ANGIE stop in the street beside beat-up white Dodge.
text: Without a word they get in. Hold as they get in, SAL starts
text: and they begin to drive out of the spot.
text: Close on DOYLE.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: It's startin' to cook, Cloudy, my
dialog: man is cookin'...
text: A series of impressionist traveling shots of the white Dodge
text: and DOYLE's Ford moving through Brooklyn Streets, picking up
text: street signs of areas.
text: Medium close shot of the white Dodge pulling into the curb.
text: In near background, a candy-confectionery store.
scene_heading: INT. DOYLE'S CAR - DAY
text: Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO in profile driving past the
text: candy store as SAL and ANGIE open door and go in.
text: Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO parked. DOYLE is looking in
text: the rear-view mirror while BUDDY is turned around on the
text: seat, looking out the rear window.
text: A long shot, from the DOYLE-RUSSO viewpoint of the candy
text: store. The door is open, the street is deserted. Lights
text: are going on in the little shop.
dialog: 12.
text: Hold on the storefront as SAL appears, this time in a candy
text: store operator's smock over a white undershirt, baggy slacks.
text: He's carrying a stack of newspapers. Zoom in on SAL stacking
text: the Sunday Times and the Daily News on the rack in front of
text: the store as ANGIE appears in the doorway. She's blackhaired
text: now, the blonde wig gone, also wearing a grey cotton smock
text: over a plain skirt and sweater, holding a cup of coffee. We
text: hold on them for a beat, then
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: DOYLE and RUSSO close just looking at each other. The look
text: says everything about the freak case they have stumbled into.
scene_heading: EXT. QUAY MARSEILLE SHIPYARD
dialog: 1) Tight two shot then, 2) cut into blue prints.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: En prolongeant les quais d'une
dialog: trentaine de mètres on pourra
dialog: recevoir des unités d'une cargaison
dialog: de 500 tonnes.
text: 3) While he shows the extension, clean P.O.V. Of each quay.
text: 4) Dolly Left to Right with Notre-Dame in background. They
text: fold the blue prints and moves.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN MARCEL
dialog: Et combien d'hommes supplémentaires?
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Ca fera environ 10 hommes de plus
dialog: par équipe.
speaker_heading: MARCEL
dialog: Le Syndicat exigera un minimum de 12.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Quelle importance. Ce qui compte
dialog: pour moi c'est d'avoir un chantier
dialog: qui puisse recevoir les plus grands
dialog: bateaux du monde.
speaker_heading: MARCEL
dialog: Dis moi vieille branche? Comment
dialog: fais tu pour rester si jeune avec
dialog: la vie que tu mènes?
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Quelle vie Marcel? J'ai plus rien
dialog: foutu depuis que je suis descendu
dialog: de ces cabines.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: EXT. NUNNERY
scene_heading: EXT. CORNICHE - HI-WAY (BERGER)
text: Pan Left to Right Lincoln driven by Jean with Charnier behind.
scene_heading: EXT. CASSIS CROSSROAD IN FRONT OF MARSEILLE SIGN POST
text: Lincoln passing by.
scene_heading: EXT. CASSIS HARBOUR FROM CASINO
text: Pan Right to Left with Lincoln passing by.
scene_heading: EXT. CASSIS ROAD LEADING TO VILLA
text: Pan Right to Left with Lincoln arriving from main road to
dialog: Villa.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA CASSIS
text: Camera in front of garage where the Lincoln stops. Charnier
text: comes out with gift and walks Right to Left.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA CASSIS
text: Pan Left to Right with Charnier walking along terrace with
text: Cassis bay in B.G., and we discover his wife, Marie. She
text: gets up. Dolly back.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Bonjour chérie.
text: They kiss each other and walk arm in arm back to us.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA CASSIS
text: Close 2-shot favouring her. He gives her the gift.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Tu sais j'ai réfléchi longuement à
dialog: ton cadeau pour le voyage. Je l'ai
dialog: choisi moi-même. Tiens.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Je peux l'ouvrir tout de suite?
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Si tu veux.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: (opening the gift)
dialog: Oh Alain! C'est merveilleux! Tu
dialog: me gâtes. Je t'aime. Attends, je
dialog: vais te montrer moi aussi ce que
dialog: j'ai acheté.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Encore du sho ping!
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA
text: L.S. Pan Right to left from under the trees following her as
text: she leaves Charnier to enter in the house.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA
text: C.S. of Charnier along the terrace. He throws a fishing
text: pole in the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA
text: PAN RIGHT TO LEFT with Marie coming back with a new coat.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Regarde mon pêcheur de baleine...
dialog: Tu sais il va faire très froid cet
dialog: hiver.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Avec ça tu pourras le supporter.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Mais non, c'est pour toi.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Pour moi?
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Regarde, il te va parfaitement bien!
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Formidable! Sans toi je
dialog: m'habillerais encore en docker.
dialog: (then, taking off coat)
dialog: Je suis passé voir Françoise.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Comment va-t-elle?
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Je n'ai jamais vu tant de sérenité.
dialog: Elle m'a demandé de tes nouvelles
dialog: et si nous étions heureux.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Le sommes nous?
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: (he kisses her)
dialog: Non!
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT - CAR PARK
text: Complete Pan Left to Right with Lincoln passing in front of
dialog: Samaritaine cafe.
text: Driver pulls out. Charnier comes out from Lincoln and we
text: follow him as he crosses Left to Right and jumps into the
text: boat which moves out.
speaker_heading: FROM BOAT
text: Back shot. Charnier standing in the moving boat and smoking
text: as Marseille diminishes in B.G.
scene_heading: OPENING SEA SHOT
text: From the boat approaching Chateau d'If.
speaker_heading: ON PEER
text: Pan Right to Left as Charnier gets out of boat and starts to
dialog: climb up.
text: High angle thru first stone door with sea in B.G. Charnier
text: comes up and turns Right to Left.
dialog: High angle -- Pan Left to Right -- Low angle, with Charnier
text: coming up from 2nd arch to 3rd arch thru which we see the
dialog: tower in B.G.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU D'IF - 1ST PLATFORM
text: Pan Left to Right with Charnier arriving on terrace.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU D'IF - CHARNIER - HIS POV
text: Nicoli back to us. He turns left shoulder as we approach to
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU D'IF - TWO SHOT
text: Dolly back preceding Charnier and Nicoli after they meet and
dialog: Pan Left to Right to the Rotonde.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Ca a marché?
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: Au poil.
text: They turn around.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Sale boulot.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: Il fallait le faire.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Il est en retard.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: Je crois qu'on fait une erreur de
dialog: le prendre avec nous.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Une erreur! C'est génial. C'est
dialog: une vedette à la télévision. Il
dialog: peut aller partout sans être
dialog: soupçonné... En plus il a besoin de
dialog: fric.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: J'ai pas confiance en lui.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Sois gentil avec lui. On ne sait
dialog: jamais. Il peut te faire travailler
dialog: à la télévision.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU D'IF
text: Cut on Devereau arriving. He sees them.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU D'IF
text: Pan Left to Right bringing Charnier and Nicoli towards
text: Devereaux to finish in 3-shot.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Henri c'est gentil d'être venu. Je
dialog: vous présente mon associé, Pierre
dialog: Nicoli. Henri Devereaux.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: Enchanté.
dialog: (they shake hands)
dialog: Alain, j'ai réfléchi à votre
dialog: proposition et j'ai décidé
dialog: d'accepter.
dialog: 17.
text: SURVEILLANCE MONTAGE OF SAL BOCA's activities. From time to
text: time DOYLE and RUSSO are visible, but their dialogue is for
text: the most part VOICE OVER.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. BROOKLYN CANDY STORE - DAY
text: Various shots of SAL and ANGIE. Several shots of DOYLE and
text: RUSSO in the CANDY STORE: reading magazines, having lunch
text: separately. They are also seen in the LEATHER FACTORY
text: across the street observing the CANDY STORE. Several
text: CHARACTERS enter the CANDY STORE from time to time and go
text: into the BACK ROOM.
text: Following are a series of cuts (MOS) to be used with the V.O.
text: dialogue of RUSSO and DOYLE.
scene_heading: INT. CANDY STORE - DAY
text: SAL counts the receipts. Two or three CUSTOMERS in the BG.
text: SAL removes a tray of Ziti from the oven. ANGIE makes an
dialog: order to go.
text: SAL removes garbage from the back area.
speaker_heading: RUSSO (V.O.)
dialog: Our friend's name is SALVATORE BOCA.
dialog: They call him SAL. He's a
dialog: sweetheart. He once was picked up
text: on suspicion of armed robbery.
dialog: Tried to hold up Tiffany's on Fifth
dialog: Avenue! In broad daylight! Could
dialog: have got two-and-a-half to five,
dialog: but they wouldn't prosecute. Also
dialog: downtown they're sure he pulled off
text: a contract on a guy named DeMarco.
scene_heading: EXT. CANDY STORE - DAY
text: SAL putting garbage into cans. Pan and Zoom to DOYLE and
text: RUSSO in window of FACTORY across the street.
scene_heading: INT. CANDY STORE - DAY
text: ANGIE carries bowl of hard-boiled eggs from rear of store to
text: the front.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: His old lady?
text: ANGIE makes a tuna sandwich on a roll. A cigarette dangles
text: from her lips. SAL is in BG at cash register with customer.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: RUSSO (V.O.)
dialog: Her name's Angie... Fast filly...
text: she drew a suspended for shoplifting
dialog: a year ago... only a kid, nineteen
dialog: according to the marriage license.
text: From front of store looking to back.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, nineteen goin' on fifty.
dialog: What else?
text: RUSSO is at counter eating lunch with three others... ANGIE
text: serving. She wears a sleeveless sweater; shows lots of tit.
text: RUSSO digs... she digs him. A wise guy comes in, goes to
text: the back room. SAL follows.
speaker_heading: RUSSO (V.O.)
dialog: He's had the store a year an'a
dialog: half... takes in a fast seven grand
dialog: a year.
scene_heading: EXT. CANDY STORE - DAY
text: POV from FACTORY window... Two Wise Guys in big coats and
text: hats pull up in a big car. They enter store.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: So what's he doin' with two cars
dialog: and hundred dollar tabs at the Chez?
scene_heading: INT. CANDY STORE - DAY
text: Angie shooting from back of store towards front. The Two
text: Wise Guys enter, go to Back Room. SAL follows. They close
text: door. DOYLE is at the magazine counter in front. He sits
text: down with magazine. Orders coffee.
speaker_heading: RUSSO (V.O.)
text: The Merc's in his wife's name.
text: Dodge belongs to his brother.
scene_heading: WARD'S ISLAND - DAY
text: A heavy-faced, dirty looking man in a Sanitation Dept.
text: uniform in a group of men practising with Sanitation trucks.
speaker_heading: RUSSO (V.O.)
dialog: Lou... he's a trainee at the
dialog: Sanitation School on Ward's Island.
dialog: Served time a couple of years ago,
text: on assault and robbery raps.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: SEVERAL SHOTS - DAY
scene_heading: EXT. CANDY STORE
text: LOU pulls up. As LOU picks up SAL. They drive to various
text: buildings in Brooklyn. One or the other gets out briefly,
text: then goes on. DOYLE and RUSSO watch from DOYLE's car.
speaker_heading: SUYDAM STREET
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: If that's not a drop or a pickup,
dialog: I'll open a charge for you at
dialog: Bloomingdale's.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Make it Alexander's, I like the toy
dialog: department.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Toy wit' this will ya.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. "MICKEY'S TWO DOOR" - DAY
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: There's about a hundred years'
dialog: parole time in there night or day.
text: SAL arrives alone. DOYLE and RUSSO in parked car across
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: They treat our boy like a king.
dialog: Wonder why he don't bring his old
dialog: lady?
text: SAL flirts with the BARMAID.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: There's your answer...
scene_heading: THROUGH RIDGEWOOD - DAY
dialog: Restaurants, stores, etc.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Who's the greaser?
text: With SAL and his FATHER.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: It's his father.
text: DOYLE and RUSSO in parked car.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I think we oughta burn him on
dialog: suspicion.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Suspicion of what?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Makin' wine in the basement.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He looks like that wop stooge used
dialog: to drive for the Fracisi brothers.
text: LOU joins them. He and SAL leave together after each kisses
text: and embraces the old man.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Lay off with that wop stuff, will
dialog: you?
scene_heading: EXT. WEINSTOCK'S APT. BUILDING - DAY
text: In the East 80's. SAL exits.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: That's the third time he come here
dialog: this week. You got anything on the
dialog: building?
text: DOYLE and RUSSO in parked car.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: The building's clean. I checked
dialog: the tenant list -- Don Ameche, the
dialog: actor lives there -- oh, and
dialog: somebody else. Do the name Joel
dialog: Weinstock ring a bell?
speaker_heading: TIME LAPSE
text: Late day. WEINSTOCK leaving building, nodding to doorman.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You're kiddin'
text: DOYLE and RUSSO in parked car.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: No sir -- this is where Joel lives.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: He was the bank on that shipment
dialog: outta Mexico three years ago.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: So I've heard.
scene_heading: EXT. CANDY STORE - NIGHT
text: SAL and ANGIE leaving.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Whatta you know -- he's takin' his
dialog: wife out for a change.
text: DOYLE and RUSSO in parked car.
scene_heading: INT. LEATHER FACTORY - DAY
text: Across street from Candy Store. DOYLE and RUSSO at the
dialog: printing machine.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (at leather printing machine)
dialog: Got a job for me when this is over,
dialog: Mrs. Levene?
text: They have a view of the Candy Store across street. Various
text: people go in and out. Next to DOYLE, at a stamping machine,
text: is MRS. LEVENE, the factory owner.
scene_heading: MRS. LEVENE
dialog: What are you fellows looking for?
dialog: What do you want from that nice
dialog: candy store?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: We have reason to believe it's a
dialog: front for the biggest counterfeiting
dialog: operation in the country.
scene_heading: MRS. LEVENE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: That's right. They're trying to
dialog: steal the formula for Hershey
dialog: bars --
text: DOYLE continues his work at the print-out machine, while
text: observing the candy store.
text: We see SAL leaving the store. He crosses to his car, near
text: the RUSSO car. As he passes it, he sees RUSSO locked in
text: embrace with a lady in a babushka. As SAL drives off, we
text: get a closer look at the "LADY" in the babushka: DETECTIVE
scene_heading: JAMES DOYLE.
dialog: 22.
text: INT. RUSSO'S CAR ON TRIBORO BRIDGE CROSSING TO WARD'S ISLAND
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What the hell am I drivin' for?
dialog: I'm a first grade Detective.
dialog: You're a second grade guinea.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: I'm wounded. Oh, oh.
text: SAL up ahead in the Mercury.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (at the wheel)
dialog: What?
scene_heading: EXT. WARD'S ISLAND - BRIDGE
text: The Mercury crossing the bridge to the Island.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: He's goin' to Ward's Island. We'll
dialog: get spotted. What the hell's he
dialog: goin' there?
scene_heading: DOYLE-RUSSO car B.G.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Maybe he's goin' to see his brother.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Or could be another drop. I guess
text: he gets a free ride.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN STREET - DAY
text: A Brooklyn slum street on a morning in November. It is
text: about 11 o'clock and relatively quiet. A scattering of
text: tenement URCHINS give the street some sound and life. There
text: are a couple of dark shops on the street and a bar, all
text: appearing to be closed. We look down the street and pick up
text: DOYLE and RUSSO coming down it, walking very quickly. They
text: are heading toward the bar. A young man is coming out -
text: they grab him and throw him back.
scene_heading: INT. BAR ROOM - DAY
text: The Young Man is thrown in, followed by DOYLE and RUSSO.
text: There are about 20 or 30 PUETRO RICAN and BLACK MEN in the
text: joint, a couple of BLACK WOMEN. They are in all manner of
text: dress. Half of them are wearing shades. The bar is noisy
text: with conversation, laughter and music.
dialog: 23.
text: DOYLE and RUSSO standing in the doorway, DOYLE slightly to
text: the left, RUSSO a little behind him. DOYLE's arms are at
text: his sides. RUSSO's right hand is crossed over his belt,
text: under his jacket and on the butt of his .38, ready, waiting
dialog: to back his partner's play or respond to any move within the
dialog: bar.
text: DOYLE moving into the bar alone. He pulls the plug out of
text: the Juke Box, plunging the room to silence.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Hands on your heads. Popeye's here!
text: Twenty men raise hands to their heads as one. The raggle-
text: taggle swarm plays a kind of human chicken, refusing to move
text: until the last moment then stepping out of his way. One of
text: the customers doesn't.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What's my name?
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN
dialog: Doyle.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN
dialog: Mr. Doyle.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Ever pick your feet in Poughkeepsie?
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN
dialog: What?
text: DOYLE raises his left arm and pushes the MAN aside. The
text: MAN's eyes go to RUSSO, off-camera at the door, and back to
text: DOYLE. He doesn't resist; he gets in line with the rest of
text: them, a line formed about four or five feet from the bar,
text: running the length of it.
text: Close of DOYLE at the bar, holding an ashcan and skimming
text: the metal underrailing with one finger, knocking off the
text: magnetized key boxes into the ashcan. He isn't even looking
text: at them. His eyes are across the bar, staring down the
dialog: customers.
text: Close shot of the ashcan and the little metal boxes clinking
dialog: into it.
text: Close shot of DOYLE, the ashcan now on the bar, opening one
text: of the boxes, taking out the ten dollar bill, putting it on
dialog: the bar.
dialog: 24.
text: Then, opening another, taking out the glassine deck of
text: heroin. Then another, containing a glassine deck. He
text: empties the glassine envelopes on the bar into a cocktail
text: mixer which he proceeds to shake. The shaker is half-filled
dialog: with tomato juice.
text: DOYLE leaning over the bar toward the glaring crowd, pours
text: the mixture into the ashcan.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Milk shake anyone?
text: He wiggles his finger. It is a command for THREE MEN to
text: step forward. The MEN do not move at first.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Move ass when I tell you.
text: They move, shuffling, hesitatingly. But they move -- TWO
text: BLACKS and A PUETRO RICAN.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Put it on the bar.
text: Hands of the THREE MEN going into pockets.
text: Close of a miscellany of keys, coins, cigarettes going onto
text: the bar -- with two hypodermics, six or eight marijuana
text: cigarettes, a small plastic vial of barbiturates.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (collecting the works)
dialog: All right, you three clowns step
dialog: into those phone booths, you're
dialog: goin' in. Go on. Stand in there
dialog: till I'm ready for you.
text: The three men turn and enter the individual phone booths.
text: They stand, waiting, like contestants in the $64 Question.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Everybody goes when the whistle
dialog: blows.
text: RUSSO is with another man from whom he's just taken a set of
dialog: works.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: What's your story?
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: Gimme a break, Mr. Russo. I'm in
dialog: show business.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: You're in show business.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: S'right.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What do you do in show business?
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: I'm a dancer.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: All right, get up on that bar and
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Get up on the bar and show me how
dialog: you work. If I like it you don't
dialog: have to go in.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: You're for real?
speaker_heading: JERRY LEON
dialog: Hey man, why don't you let the
dialog: fella alone.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (a shout)
dialog: Am I talkin' to you -
speaker_heading: JERRY LEON
dialog: No, but I'm talkin' to you.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: I'm tellin' you to shut up and
dialog: stand over there.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (to Dancer)
dialog: Get up there.
text: The man climbs up on the bar.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: I got no music!
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Fake it.
dialog: 26.
text: The man goes into a fast tap dance. But he only gets in a
dialog: few steps --
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: All right, that's enough, you're
text: under arrest.
text: RUSSO pulls the man off the bar, sends him into one of the
text: phone booths.
text: DOYLE coming down the front of the bar. He stops before
text: another man, who has just come out of the toilet.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What about you? Can you stand a
dialog: toss?
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: I'm clean.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You don't use shit?
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: No.
dialog: (he goes for his wallet)
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Did I say you could move that
dialog: hand -- I'm not gonna get stuck am I?
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: No - no.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Cause if I do.
text: DOYLE frisks the man. Comes up with vial of pills and two
dialog: roaches.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Wise guy, huh? Let's see what else
dialog: you got.
speaker_heading: (to RUSSO)
dialog: - Buddy!
text: He collars the man and shoves him towards the toilet.
text: RUSSO, eyes moving everywhere, hand on the gun.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: If I see any shit on the floor,
dialog: it's yours, so keep your eye on
dialog: your neighbor.
text: Inside the toilet of the bar. The MAN is up against the
text: wall. DOYLE is only inches away.
text: The MAN is an AGENT and this is the only way DOYLE can get
text: immediate information from him without destroying the man's
text: cover. Their conversation is in whispers. And very fast.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: How's everything?
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: Everything is everything.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: How come there's nothing out there?
dialog: That stuff is all milk.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: There's nothing around. Nobody's
dialog: holding.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I got a name - Sal Boca, Brooklyn.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: Boca?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
speaker_heading: B.O.C.A.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: Doesn't register.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Got a wife named Angie.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: No, nothing. There's only some talk.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: Coming in this week, week after.
dialog: Everybody going to get well.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Who brings it?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: Who knows?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Where do you want it?
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: This side.
text: Door of toilet. There is a hell of a crash and slamming
text: behind it. Door opens and DOYLE steps out over the crumpled
text: prostrate form of the INFORMER. He has just decked the man
text: to continue the protection of the cover. He pauses halfway
text: down the line as if he's speculating on beating up another
dialog: one because he didn't get any information. But he decides
dialog: that would be futile too.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I'm goin' check on this address in
dialog: the Bronx, if you're bullshitting
dialog: me, it's your ass.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Tell everybody we'll be back in an
dialog: hour.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (to all)
dialog: We're goin' now! Goodbye.
scene_heading: EXT. PASSENGER SHIP - DAY
text: Close shot of DEVEREAUX, New York harbor in the background,
text: being interviewed by television reporters on his arrival in
text: the U.S. abroad a passenger ship. He is smiling, jovial,
dialog: charming.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: How long will you be here?
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: Not long enough. Two... perhaps
dialog: three... weeks at most.
text: Medium close shot of DEVEREAUX and THREE TV REPORTERS, as
text: they talk, a crane moves into action behind them and lifts
text: out of hold. LA VALLE is with DEVEREAUX as Translator and
dialog: Interpreter.
speaker_heading: GIRL TV REPORTER
dialog: Why did you come by ship, Mr.
dialog: Devereaux?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: The next several weeks will be very
dialog: difficult and the middle of the
dialog: ocean is the only place where the
text: telephone isn't ringing all the time.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What will be the viewpoint of your
dialog: documentary.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: To make a Frenchman feel what it is
dialog: like to be a New Yorker.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: That's enough now, ladies and
dialog: gentlemen. M. Devereaux is due at
text: his hotel in half an hour.
text: Overhead the Lincoln comes down from the hold of the ship.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST SIDE DRIVE - DAY
text: A long view of the pier from the opposite (east) side of
text: West Street, beneath the steel trusses and girders of the
text: West Side Drive and through the forest of cars that are
text: parked there, the jam of traffic that develops around every
text: unloading vessel. It is a view that takes in the front end
text: of the Lincoln inching off the pier. HENRI DEVEREAUX at the
text: wheel, turns to his right. We watch until the point of view
text: on the sidewalk. ALAIN CHARNIER and PIERRE NICOLI are
text: standing there watching. When the car (off-camera) turns
text: east on the way to the garage, NICOLI glances to CHARNIER.
text: CHARNIER does not look back.
scene_heading: EXT. DORAL HOTEL - LINCOLN PULLS IN - DAY
scene_heading: INT. POLICE OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Close shot of WALTER SIMONSON at desk in the large square
text: office he occupies as a Lieutenant of Detectives in charge
dialog: of the Manhattan Narcotics Bureau. He is the immediate
text: superior of RUSSO and DOYLE, head of the 200-man narcotics
text: squad that polices Manhattan.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: (with coffee cup)
dialog: All that is great -- but you guys
dialog: work Bed-Stuy. You're not supposed
dialog: to be in Ridgewood.
scene_heading: DOYLE, RUSSO and SIMONSON
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Detach us. Let us have a shot at
dialog: it, at least until we see if
dialog: there's anything here or not.
dialog: Everybody wants Weinstock, right?
dialog: So maybe here's a lead. We deserve
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: You couldn't burn a three-time
dialog: loser with what you're bringing in
dialog: here. You know you stiffs could
dialog: run yourselves an entrapment rap.
dialog: The guy has done nothing -- Brooklyn
dialog: is full of Candy Store guys with
dialog: two cars who like to go to
dialog: nightclubs.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Put this little candy hustler
dialog: together with Joel Weinstock and it
dialog: could be we stumbled into a big
dialog: score.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: (moves to window)
dialog: Big score! He's dealin' a few bags
dialog: here and there on the side.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Simonson, I wouldn't be infringing
dialog: on your coffee break if I thought
dialog: he was a nickel and dimer.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: Your hunches have backfired before,
dialog: Doyle.
text: DOYLE, close, no comment.
text: Back to SIMONSON.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: (moves back to stand
dialog: at desk)
dialog: Jimmy, what the hell's happening
dialog: with you lately?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You got more collars than any Narc
dialog: in the bureau. What was it. Over
dialog: 100 last year? Terrific. But who?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON (CONT'D)
dialog: You stop and shake down a bellboy
dialog: because he's got three joints in
dialog: his sock. You hit a high school
text: kid in short pants who looks like
dialog: he's got a twitch.
text: RUSSO. Getting it back on the track.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (moves in to desk)
dialog: We got information that there's no
dialog: shit in the street -- it's like a
text: desert full of junkies with a big
dialog: score coming in to make everybody
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: This could be it, Walter. This
text: Candy Store guy, putting on a big
text: show in a fancy nightclub with
dialog: known connections all over him.
dialog: Then on our own, after working the
dialog: whole day and night, we tail him
text: out to Brooklyn and sit on him for
dialog: a week practically, and who do we
dialog: come up with? Joel Weinstock.
dialog: (he leans forward)
dialog: You gotta let us have it.
scene_heading: THREE SHOT - RUSSO, DOYLE, SIMONSON
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: (pause, he turns to RUSSO)
dialog: You really believe all this crap?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: I go with my partner.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: What'll it take?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
text: First a wire.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Two wires. One on the store and
text: one on his house.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: You know I have to get a court
dialog: order for wiretaps.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Try... okay?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: We know you can do it, Walter.
text: They start to leave.
text: Close on SIMONSON.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: Popeye...
text: Close on DOYLE at the door. RUSSO beside him.
speaker_heading: Back to SIMONSON
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: You still pickin' your feet in
dialog: Poughkeepsie?
scene_heading: WIRETAP SEQUENCE "A"
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT
text: RUSSO on phones -- checking notes on SAL. DOYLE reading
text: comics on cot. Tape machine clicks on -- tape is activated.
text: RUSSO sits attentively.
scene_heading: EXT. CANDY STORE - DAY
text: Shot of wire.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.) RUSSO
dialog: What's this crap. I just (He raps on table
dialog: spoke to my wife and she with a coffee cup.
dialog: says you're raisin' me a Doyle gets up.)
dialog: halfa cent on the cups. C'mere and lissen to your
dialog: big connection.
speaker_heading: WHOLESALER (DOYLE comes over)
dialog: (V.O.) He's fightin' with somebody
dialog: Yeah, well you know I about a halfa cent.
dialog: shoulda raised this here a
dialog: long time ago. We got a DOYLE
dialog: inflation period... How we gonna keep Simonson
dialog: from hearin' this?
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: I got your inflation. I can RUSSO
dialog: get the same cups on Delancey If he does, we'll be back in
dialog: Street for what I been Bed-Stuyvesant tomorrow.
dialog: payin' you for the last
dialog: year -- That's all I gotta
dialog: do with you guys -- next
dialog: time it'll be two cents on
dialog: the cones, then two cents on
dialog: the seltzer --
speaker_heading: WHOLESALER
speaker_heading: (V.O.)
dialog: C'mon Sal, I got my orders,
dialog: too --
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: Well, if you can't do better
dialog: than that, you can stick the
dialog: cups.
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO GRAVEYARD (HUNTS POINT AND EAST RIVER) - DAY
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE: Close shot of CHARNIER, MARIE and LA VALLE
text: walking slowly together toward the camera. They are at the
text: auto graveyard and the scene of an auction of cars towed off
text: New York streets by the Police Department. About twenty
text: other men are walking around, looking at the cars.
text: A POLICEMAN blows a whistle and the prospective car buyers
text: gather around the auction trailer in the b.g.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: There are four auto graveyards like
dialog: this one in the other boroughs,
dialog: handling about a thousand vehicles
dialog: a month. Those that aren't claimed
dialog: are auctioned here once a month.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Just for mistakes of parking?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: No. Many are involved in crimes
dialog: and confiscated... or just abandoned.
dialog: This is, as you know, your prime
text: source of scrap metal, M. Charnier.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: Darling, may I have this one?
text: Medium close shot MARIE, standing next to an LTD.
speaker_heading: MARIE
text: It looks so lonesome here.
text: CHARNIER and LA VALLE approach her.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
text: It would look even more lonesome in
dialog: our garage.
scene_heading: INT. THE AUCTION TRAILER - DAY
text: Within the large trailer, about TWENTY MEN are seated at two
text: long benches to each side. Some are standing to the rear.
text: At the front, an AUCTIONEER stands at a lectern. To his
text: left sits a CLERK at a small table. The AUCTIONEER wears a
text: sweater and hat. The buyers are tough types, young and old.
text: All have inventory lists. The atmosphere is informal. The
text: CHARNIERS and LA VALLE enter the trailer at the back.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Every car sold today must be
dialog: removed at the purchaser's own
dialog: expense. We have no keys or
dialog: anything to start the vehicles with.
dialog: You buy 'em as you see 'em and
dialog: where you see 'em. All right, the
dialog: first car offered is Number 24398.
dialog: A Plymouth sedan. Do I hear
dialog: fifteen dollars?
text: The bidding goes up to forty dollars. A large BURLY MAN
text: wins the bid. He goes up to the CLERK and accepts the bill
dialog: of sale.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: We go to 24399 -- A Pontiac Station
dialog: wagon. Do I hear ten dollars?
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
speaker_heading: (aside to CHARNIER)
dialog: Notice he will never mention the
dialog: year of the car.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: I got a fifteen dollar bid going...
dialog: Do I hear anymore...
dialog: Eighteen... who'll say Eighteen?
dialog: Twenty...
dialog: Twenty-three...
dialog: Anymore...
dialog: Twenty-five. Twenty-five once --
dialog: Do I hear twenty-eight...
dialog: All right, last call for twenty-
dialog: five...
text: Close shot of CHARNIER
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
speaker_heading: (aside of LA VALLE)
dialog: And these are the cars we're buying
dialog: for shipment?
text: Close shot of CHARNIER, MARIE and LA VALLE. They are facing
text: the AUCTIONEER.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: Yes, sir. That man in the dark
dialog: jacket is our buyer.
text: Close shot of THE BUYER, LOU BOCA. He is very active and
text: wins the present bid.
speaker_heading: WIRETAP SEQUENCE "B"
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT
text: DOYLE and RUSSO playing Gin Rummy, listening at each end of
text: one phone - breaking up.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Shot of wire.
speaker_heading: ANGIE (V.O.)
dialog: (sleepy)
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: Takin' care o' business, honey.
speaker_heading: ANGIE (V.O.)
dialog: Takin' care o' business -- it's
text: after midnight.
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: You know I hadda meet some people
dialog: tonight --
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: ANGIE (V.O.)
dialog: -- Well finish all your meetin'
dialog: people and get back here now -- and
dialog: bring a pizza with you.
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: Where'm I goinna get a pizza this
dialog: time o' night?
speaker_heading: ANGIE (V.O.)
dialog: Well try, okay?
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know where I'm gonna find a
text: pizza joint open.
speaker_heading: ANGIE (V.O.)
dialog: Sal --
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ANGIE (V.O.)
dialog: Don't forget anchovies.
dialog: (she hangs up)
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: This broad's crazy!
scene_heading: EXT. WARD'S ISLAND (UNDER WEST ABUTMENT OF THE HELLGATE
speaker_heading: BRIDGE)
scene_heading: Pick up CHARNIER, MARIE and MAURICE LAVALLE
text: As the camera plays over the bridge: (in French)
speaker_heading: CHARNIER (V.O.)
dialog: It's beautiful.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE (V.O.)
dialog: It was built in 1917 - and was one
dialog: of the two heaviest bridges in the
text: world. The arch is still the
dialog: largest in the world.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Who financed it?
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: Two railroads as part of a
dialog: connecting railway which provided
dialog: passage from New England to the
dialog: South. It was actually the first
dialog: railroad through New York City.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Why is it called Hellgate?
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
text: The river at this point is the most
dialog: dangerous on the East Coast. Years
dialog: ago, hundreds of ships went down
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: If this bridge were in Europe, it
dialog: would be on every tourist's sight-
dialog: seeing list.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: Most New Yorkers never notice it -
dialog: most Americans have never heard of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Look how gracefully they conceived
text: that arch. Like a bowstring. It
dialog: was built from both ends. With no
text: support in the middle. Beautiful.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: Mmm.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Alain is the only man I know who
dialog: can become as enthusiastic about a
text: bridge as he can about a woman.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Not any woman, Marie. Just one.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD ROAD IN WARD'S ISLAND
text: CHARNIER, MARIE and LA VALLE walking.
speaker_heading: (NEAR GARAGE)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: I'm afraid the rest of Ward's
dialog: Island isn't nearly as romantic - a
dialog: pollution plant, a hospital, a
dialog: training school for garbage men and
dialog: that area over there, where the old
dialog: cars are kept, prior to being
dialog: processed for shipment to, among
dialog: other places, The Charnier Shipping
dialog: Company, of Marseilles, France.
speaker_heading: (NEAR CREMATORIUM)
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: What is that old building?
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: Oh, it's been abandoned for years.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: What was it?
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: It was a crematorium.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: For garbage?
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: For dead bodies.
speaker_heading: WIRETAP SEQUENCE "C"
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT
text: DOYLE on phones.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER (V.O.)
dialog: Allo... Salvatore...
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: Who's this --
speaker_heading: CHARNIER (V.O.)
dialog: ... Salvatore?...
text: RUSSO enters with a bag of sandwiches and cigarettes. DOYLE
text: waves him to the phone.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.) RUSSO
dialog: ... Oh... yes... yeah... Who is it?
dialog: hello... this is Sal... How
dialog: are ya? DOYLE
dialog: Sounds like a foreigner...
speaker_heading: CHARNIER (V.O.)
dialog: Very well... you meet me RUSSO
dialog: Wednesday at the hotel... (listening at the
dialog: Okay? other phone)
dialog: French... It's a Frenchman...
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: Good... good... great! DOYLE
dialog: This is what we been waitin'
speaker_heading: CHARNIER (V.O.) for -- the stuff is here!
dialog: Will I expect you? It's here!
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: What time?
speaker_heading: CHARNIER (V.O.)
dialog: Twelve o'clock... yes...
speaker_heading: SAL (V.O.)
dialog: Yes --
text: The phone clicks off.
text: DOYLE and RUSSO round each other and jump up and down like
dialog: two kids.
scene_heading: INT. WHIP GIRL'S APT.
text: Close shot of NICOLI's face. He's being whipped, and is
text: caught in an ecstasy of pain and pleasure. The tempo of the
text: strokes rises. Suddenly it reaches a crescendo and he
text: screams out in orgasm.
text: Close, full-length shot of a nude BLONDE GIRL, wearing only
text: black boots and silk panties. She's walking away from the
text: camera, throwing aside a small cat-o-nine-tails flagellant
text: whip. We can hear NICOLI's heavy breathing until the girl
text: speaks as she moves toward a couch.
text: Medium close shot of NICOLI, tying his tie shrugging into
dialog: overcoat.
text: Medium close shot of NICOLI, looking at the bills with a
text: pause to sort out the currency differences, then taking out
text: five twenties.
text: Close shot of the WHIP GIRL taking the five then moving up
text: to the look of annoyance and disappointment on her face.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: WHIP GIRL
dialog: You're Fifty Dollars short.
text: The look of anger turns to one of consternation as NICOLI
text: reacts to her.
speaker_heading: WHIP GIRL
dialog: M'sieru - the tab for this scene is
dialog: a hundred and a half.
dialog: (he moves to door)
dialog: Hey Frenchie - if you don't come up
dialog: with the scratch, you're gonna run
dialog: into my man downstairs.
text: Medium close shot of NICOLI advancing on the WHIP GIRL as
text: she backs away and begins to cringe. He grabs her and hurls
text: her back across the couch.
text: Close shot of the GIRL.
speaker_heading: WHIP GIRL
dialog: Don't hit me. Don't. Please.
text: We hear the door slam as she sobs.
speaker_heading: WHIP GIRL
dialog: You filthy faggot sonofabitch.
scene_heading: INT. CUTTING ROOM - DAY
text: Close shot of two pro football players smearing each other
text: on the field, others falling on top of them.
text: Medium close shot of DEVEREAUX at a Movie-ola working out
scene_heading: his narration (DIALOGUE IN FRENCH)
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: This is the new American religion,
dialog: professional football. It is where
dialog: everybody goes instead of church on
dialog: Sunday to express that peculiar
dialog: American taste for bloodshed and
dialog: violence.
text: Several close shots of the violent action.
text: Intercut with faces of the crowd.
text: Close shot of DEVEREAUX.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: These men, playing a "game" - make
dialog: more money each year than many
dialog: important business leaders, artists
dialog: or government officials.
dialog: (zoom out)
dialog: It tells us something about this
dialog: country and how its men live, or go
dialog: to war with a smile, and sometimes
dialog: die without a cause.
text: The phone rings - it is CHARNIER.
speaker_heading: EDITOR
dialog: It's for you - Alain Charnier.
text: Hold close up of DEVEREAUX.
scene_heading: INT. MUTCHIE'S BAR - NIGHT
text: In Lower Manhattan. There are SIX or EIGHT MATRONS still
text: there, stevedores and truck drivers. Most of them are
text: clustered at the far end of the bar, where MUTCHIE, a gray-
text: haired gone-to-paunch Irishman with spectacles as thick as
text: pop-bottle bottoms stands behind the mahogany bar. The
text: cluster of customers is involved in a typical New York
dialog: saloon argument.
text: DOYLE is ignoring the debate and watching the television.
text: He is approached by a small MAN in a long coat and baggy
text: suit with suspenders. This is JESUS THE BOOSTER.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Hey, Bo.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Hiya, Jesus.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Can you use a new suit for
dialog: Christmans?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Whatta you got?
text: JESUS reaches into his trousers and pulls out three suits
text: (jackets and pants). They are of the latest style and
dialog: color, and still on hangers!
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Whatta you?... a 44... 46?
text: DOYLE examines one of the jackets.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Where'd you get this fag shit?
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: This is what the tough guys are
dialog: wearin'. You know I only steal
dialog: from the best. It's Bonwit Teller.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Pass.
speaker_heading: JESUS
dialog: Forty dollars -- was $250.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Whyn't you get it dry cleaned and
dialog: burned.
text: JESUS blends into the crowd and we pick up the dialogue of
text: MUTCHIE and his cronies, BAD EDDIE, LEE and PUGGY.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: A big man could alluz beat a little
dialog: man. That's why Wilt Chamberlain
dialog: could murder Jim Brown if they ever
dialog: fought.
speaker_heading: BAD EDDIE
dialog: No chance. Brown'd kill him.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
text: Chamberlain's seven foot tall,
dialog: right? He's got a twelve-foot
dialog: reach. It's geophysics. He's
dialog: punchin' down on you with leverage.
dialog: He cave your chest in.
speaker_heading: BAD EDDIE
dialog: Best I ever seen was The Rock. He
dialog: was the calmest and the meanest.
dialog: Guys like Sugar'd be pukin' before
dialog: a fight. Jake LaMotta'd be pukin'.
dialog: Marciano was calm like he was goin'
dialog: to church. What about the night he
dialog: fought LaStarza? He hit him so
dialog: hard he broke the blood vessels in
text: LaStarza's arms. He was the
dialog: strongest meanest bastard ever lived.
speaker_heading: PUGGY
dialog: Hey, Mutchie, give us another bullet.
text: MUTCHIE pours him a straight Scotch in a shotglass.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: Blackjack Burns coulds been the
dialog: greatest ever --
speaker_heading: PUGGY
dialog: -- He was a stone tanker.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: That's right, he couldn't fight
text: legit. One night at the Garden
dialog: about 1950, '51 -- he fought either
dialog: Jake LaMotta or Gus Lesnevich, I
dialog: think it was -- he took one o'
dialog: those cream puff punches in the
dialog: sixth -- the laziest left you ever
dialog: seen -- missed him entirely. Down
dialog: goes Blackjack without even workin'
dialog: up a sweat and the whole Garden
dialog: gets up in its feet and I swear to
dialog: Christ, everybody starts singin'
dialog: "Dance With Me Henry."
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I fought a guy in Cleveland once.
dialog: I knew he was a dirty fighter so I
text: stick a crowbar in my crotch.
dialog: Right here. Second round he gives
dialog: me a shot -- Boom -- he breaks his
text: hand, the fight's over.
speaker_heading: PUGGY
dialog: Fuck it, I like nitroglycerin,
dialog: that's my game.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: What about you, Doyle? Who's the
dialog: best fighter you ever seen?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: (a few drinks behind him)
dialog: Willie Mays.
speaker_heading: BAD EDDIE &amp; LEE
dialog: Willie Mays?!
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: With a baseball bat! One swing!
dialog: Knock your fuckin' head off.
text: TIME LAPSE. The DRINKERS are gone. MUTCHIE is at the bar
text: cleaning up. DOYLE is in the open adjoining kitchen area
dialog: cooking breakfast.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: What ya doin' out so late? Hidin'
dialog: from the cops?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I hear the health department is
dialog: going to close this joint for
dialog: selling dirty beer. I come by to
dialog: help you carry out your money.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: They'll close you down if they ever
dialog: get a look at those busted-valise
dialog: broads you run with.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You want some eggs.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (looking around for bacon)
dialog: Hey, Mutch! You want bacon?
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (rattling pans,
dialog: looking around)
dialog: Where the hell is it?
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: Where the hell do you think it is,
dialog: potato head?
text: DOYLE opens the door to the icebox.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: No wonder there's so many Mafia
dialog: around. Ya couldn't find a Puerto
dialog: Rican in Spanish Harlem.
text: TIME LAPSE. Almost morning. Close on DOYLE and MUTCHIE
text: eating bacon and eggs. MUTCHIE is standing behind the bar
text: as he eats, DOYLE is sitting in front of it. They both have
text: a bottle of beer.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: I got this little chick I'm tryin'
dialog: to hit on. She's about 20, 21... I
dialog: take her to Jilly's last night and
dialog: she's tellin' me about how she
dialog: wants to settle down one day, get
dialog: married... I says, "Hey, this is
dialog: 1971, baby, I'm just a dirty old
dialog: man lookin' to score with some
dialog: pussy."
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Strike out, eh?
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: Yeah. In the late innings. Ya
dialog: look like a night's sleep wouldn't
dialog: kill ya.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: A piece of ass wouldn't kill me.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: When ya go back on?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Morning. Sometime.
speaker_heading: MUTCHIE
dialog: Whyn't ya stretch out on the pool
text: table for a couple hours. The kid
dialog: comes in at six will wake ya. A
dialog: couple eggs and a beer is cheaper
dialog: than keepin' a dog around the joint.
scene_heading: EXT. MUTCHIE'S BAR - DAY
text: Close of DOYLE going to his car. He stops for a light.
text: DOYLE is red-eyed and in need of a shave. He fidgets
text: through his pockets looking for a cigarette but doesn't find
text: one. As he drives along a GIRL CYCLIST comes into view
dialog: alongside.
text: Our view is DOYLE's view of her long, lean tapered legs. If
dialog: he looks further, and DOYLE always looks further, he will
text: see there is a bra-band sweater covering her well-formed
text: breasts. The pendulous swing is there as she bends over the
text: handlebars.
text: Close front view of DOYLE looking back to the light, then
text: back to the legs.
text: Close outside view, the cyclist, of DOYLE leaning out the
text: window with his badge in his hand.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You got a pedaller's license?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You're under arrest.
scene_heading: INT. SIMONSON OFFICE - DAY
text: Medium close shot of RUSSO and SIMONSON. PHIL KLEIN, a
text: federal narcotics agent, is reading aloud from an article in
text: the New York Daily News. MULDERIG is listening and sipping
dialog: coffee.
text: Close shot of BILL MULDERIG, a Fed narcotics agent.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Whatta you got -- four more years,
dialog: Walter?
text: Medium close of SIMONSON and RUSSO
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: Three.
text: Close shot of MULDERIG.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Christ, by the time you get out all
dialog: this shit'll be legal.
text: Wide shot of room, taking in SIMONSON, RUSSO, MULDERIG and
text: PHIL KLEIN. SIMONSON hands BUDDY a stack of warrants.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: (rises, to RUSSO)
dialog: The judge gave you ten days on
dialog: these. Klein and Mulderig will be
dialog: sitting in for the Federals. Tell
dialog: Doyle they'll make all the buys,
dialog: and that they're to be kept informed
dialog: of everything that goes down.
text: SIMONSON turns to MULDERIG.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: You know Doyle, don't you Bill?
text: Close of MULDERIG.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Sure, I know Popeye. The Master of
dialog: undercover, whose brilliant idea of
text: disguise is to limp into a room on
text: his left foot and limp out on his
dialog: right. Whose brilliant hunches
dialog: cost the death of a good officer --
speaker_heading: Close of RUSSO
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: If that's how you're coming in, why
dialog: not stay home and save us all a lot
dialog: of grief.
text: MULDERIG, close.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: That's just my opinion.
text: RUSSO, close.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Whyn't you shove it up your ass!
scene_heading: EXT. DOYLE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: Long shot of RUSSO approaching housing project group of
text: buildings. This is where DOYLE lives.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY TO DOYLE'S APARTMENT
text: RUSSO rings the bell. No response. He knocks. Again
text: nothing. He hears a shower working inside the apartment.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Popeye.
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Popeye.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (off, weakly)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
text: It's Cloudy. Open the door.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (off)
dialog: I can't.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (off)
dialog: Let yourself in.
text: RUSSO reaches into his jacket pocket and gets a celluloid
text: card, his PBA card, which he slides into the door at the
text: lock. He gives it a juggle and the lock is free but the
text: door moves grudgingly.
scene_heading: INT. DOYLE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The door to DOYLE's apartment, a close view from inside.
text: There's a bike propped against it and BUDDY RUSSO is trying
text: to push it open from the outside.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (behind door)
dialog: What the hell you got holding the
dialog: door?
text: The bike teeters and falls with a crash and RUSSO comes into
text: the room puzzled, exasperated.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - RUSSO'S POV - DAY
text: DOYLE is anklecuffed to the bedpost at the foot of the bed.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (sleepy)
dialog: The crazy kid handcuffed me to the
dialog: bed. With my own cuffs.
text: The shower goes off. RUSSO puts the bike upright on its
text: stand and squeezes the horn, which makes a loud beep.
text: The BIKE GIRL appears in the bathroom door, wrapped in a
dialog: towel.
speaker_heading: BIKE GIRL
dialog: Oh!
text: RUSSO sees key on dresser - tosses it to DOYLE. There are
text: clothes all over the place, the GIRL's cycling outfit,
text: DOYLE's pants and shoes and socks. The decor is completely
text: impersonal. RUSSO looks up.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (looking at scrapbook
dialog: on dresser)
dialog: You oughta get plastic covers for
dialog: this stuff like I did - your
dialog: scrapbook's a mess like everything
dialog: else in your life.
text: RUSSO goes to chair.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Gimme my pants.
text: RUSSO, who is half sitting on them, pulls the pants loose
text: and hands them to DOYLE.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You got the warrant?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: We also got Bill Mulderig and Phil
dialog: Klein.
text: Close on DOYLE, buttoning his pants.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What do we need those pricks for?
text: Medium close on RUSSO picking around through the clothes,
text: coming up with a pair of panties. He holds them out.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Because by actual count our bureau
dialog: has exactly nine hundred eighteen
dialog: dollars and fifty-four cents to
dialog: make buys and Mulderig's Feds can
dialog: get all of Uncle Sam's money he
dialog: wants by just asking.
text: DOYLE sitting on bed, strapping the holster on his ankle.
text: He checks his gun.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Throw 'em in the bathroom, will you?
dialog: How good are the warrants?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (on the move down
dialog: hall, at bathroom door)
dialog: Sixty days. Here. Don't mention it.
dialog: 50.
text: DOYLE is checking various items that go in his briefcase -
text: notebook, handcuffs, book of laws, field reports, pencils,
text: binoculars, candy bars, etc.
text: Medium close shot of RUSSO looking toward the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Hi!
text: RUSSO looks back to DOYLE. There is the sound of a kickstand
text: being kicked back in place, the door opening and the GIRL
dialog: leaving.
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE tying the shoes, wincing. Looking
text: up to the departing GIRL.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Drive carefully!
scene_heading: EXT/INT. RUSSO'S CAR - DAY
text: Close shot of BILL MULDERIG in back seat. BUDDY is in
text: front, next to DOYLE at the wheel.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
text: Strictly small potatoes.
text: We can see DOYLE working to keep up with the black Mercury
text: as they cross the Brooklyn Bridge in fairly heavy traffic.
text: The Mercury cuts around in and out, DOYLE plunges after him.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: You really know how to pick 'em,
dialog: Doyle.
text: RUSSO turns his head in anger.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Still wearing your gun on your ankle?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Somebody told me the reason you did
dialog: that was so's when you met a chick
dialog: and rubbed against her she wouldn't
dialog: know you were a cop.
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: I said that was bullshit. It must
dialog: be some kind of fast-draw gimmick
dialog: or something.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Knock it off, Bill.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: He's gettin' too far ahead. You're
dialog: gonna lose him.
text: DOYLE cuts into the next lane to a lot of horn-blowing and
text: comes to a dead, screeching stop. DOYLE sits up sharply
text: erect in the seat, craning to see where SAL is going. He
text: throws open the door and hurls himself out.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN BRIDGE - DAY
text: Rear medium close shot of DOYLE climbing up on the side of
text: the car to look ahead, then jumping down and running off.
text: DOYLE running as hard as he can.
text: Medium close side shot of SAL turning off the bridge onto
text: the FDR Drive, moving quickly and smoothly uptown.
text: DOYLE running to a stop, and staring ahead. Breathing hard,
text: horns are blowing on the bridge and they drown out the words
text: as he curses, "Dirty Sonofabitch."
scene_heading: INT. RUSSO'S CAR - DAY
text: RUSSO is on the blower.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Phil -- it's Cloudy -- we lost
dialog: him --
text: Static comes over the two-way radio.
scene_heading: EXT. BOCA'S CAR COMES OFF RAMP, PAN TO
scene_heading: INT. KLEIN'S CAR - DAY
text: KLEIN is parked on Pearl Street below the Brooklyn Bridge.
speaker_heading: RUSSO (V.O.)
dialog: He just got off the Bridge - He's
dialog: all yours if you can find him.
dialog: Sonofabitch!
text: KLEIN starts his car.
scene_heading: EXT. A PARKING GARAGE IN THE EAST 40'S - DAY
text: SAL emerges from the garage and heads toward Madison Avenue.
text: He passes a man looking in a store window, PHIL KLEIN.
text: KLEIN follows him.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN THE EAST 40'S - DAY
text: SAL stops abruptly at the corner and turns around. KLEIN is
text: forced to pass him and cross the street.
text: SAL crosses the street to his left, at a right angle to KLEIN.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON AVENUE - LATE DAY
text: SAL moving north on Madison Avenue. He is walking in a
text: triangular trap of foot surveillance. We begin to learn
text: this when we fall back twenty feet behind SAL and pick up
text: the figure of JIMMY DOYLE, moving at exactly the same pace.
text: While he keeps looking forward after SAL, he also looks
text: regularly to the left, across to the West side of Madison
text: where we quickly zoom in on the figure of BILL MULDERIG, who
text: is on an even line opposite SAL and moving almost precisely
text: in step with the subject of their surveillance. MULDERIG
text: keeps an eye on SAL but is also glancing north ahead of SAL
text: to BUDDY RUSSO, who is 20 or 30 feet ahead of SAL, thus
text: forming the triangle of the A-B-C tail.
text: SAL bobbing along.
text: DOYLE following.
text: MULDERIG keeping pace.
text: RUSSO up front.
text: SAL suddenly turning East at the Northeast corner of 46th
text: Street, the block occupied by the Roosevelt Hotel.
text: MULDERIG yanking at his right ear.
text: RUSSO spinning around, hurrying back toward the corner.
text: DOYLE turning East at the Southeast corner of 46th Street.
text: RUSSO coming around the corner looking to DOYLE.
text: DOYLE indicating the Roosevelt entrance with his chin while
text: MULDERIG comes up to join DOYLE.
text: RUSSO moving quickly into the Roosevelt entrance on 46th
text: Street between Madison and Vanderbilt.
scene_heading: INT. ROOSEVELT LOBBY - DAY
scene_heading: Roosevelt lobby stairs with ALAIN CHARNIER, PIERRE NICOLI,
text: SAL greeting.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
text: (he is moving through
text: the jam they form on
dialog: the stairs)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: We move into the lobby of the Roosevelt and then spin around
text: quickly, to watch CHARNIER, NICOLI and SAL moving upstairs
text: and out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. DAY
text: A distant view from the Northeast corner of 46th Street and
text: Madison Avenue of the Roosevelt Hotel marquee and the three
text: men under it, CHARNIER, NICOLI and SAL. They are in animated
dialog: conversation.
text: DOYLE and MULDERIG on the point-of-view corner across
text: Madison, MULDERIG with his back to the camera, DOYLE talking
text: and watching over Mulderig's shoulder.
text: Close shot DOYLE's face, eyes bright with excitement.
text: Long view of CHARNIER, NICOLI and SAL under the marquee from
text: DOYLE's view, zooming in on CHARNIER, who continues to talk,
text: look up, then look back to SAL.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You take Sal. I'll stick with the
dialog: beard if they split.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON AVENUE - DAY
text: Rear view of ALAIN CHARNIER and PIERRE NICOLI strolling
text: slowly down Madison Avenue in the Forties.
text: An overhead view of the pair, CHARNIER and NICOLI, including
text: DOYLE 20 or 30 yards behind, RUSSO across the street, even
dialog: with him.
text: CHARNIER and NICOLI window-shopping at Walter's Electric,
text: 49th and 3rd Avenue.
text: RUSSO looking quizzically, puzzled, from a doorway.
text: CHARNIER and NICOLI are engaged in a running conversation
text: that we cannot hear. But what CHARNIER is saying is simply
dialog: that he wants to get a pack of cigarettes before they turn
dialog: back and stop for dinner.
text: RUSSO looking to DOYLE for a signal.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. A CIGAR STORE - DAY
text: DOYLE already beginning to feel the cold, rubbing his hands
text: together, at the front of the place CHARNIER and NICOLI have
text: entered, trying to figure it out as CHARNIER and NICOLI
text: emerge, CHARNIER ripping the cellophane off a pack of
text: cigarettes, and they turn back in DOYLE's direction.
text: DOYLE, face to face with CHARNIER and NICOLI. Straining to
text: hear, he picks up a few words of French. Without losing
text: stride he steps off the curb and cuts across the street,
text: moving south, away from them, as they come north. But
text: halfway across the street, we pick up RUSSO coming in his
text: direction, sharp enough to pick up the tail where DOYLE had
dialog: to drop it.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Medium close view through window of ALAIN CHARNIER and
text: PIERRE NICOLI sitting at a table near the front windows of a
text: small restaurant.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A long shot of street zooming in on JIMMY DOYLE who is
text: freezing his ass off in the shadows of a doorway across the
text: street from the restaurant. He is dancing from one foot to
text: the other, his shoulders hunched, occasionally cupping his
text: hands to his ears.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: A medium close shot of WAITER holding a bottle of Sainte
text: Emillion out for CHARNIER's inspection. CHARNIER looks,
text: frowns, shakes head negatively.
text: DOYLE's feet. He's standing on one foot, the other raised
text: and he's squeezing it with a chapped hand, as if trying to
dialog: get circulation back into it.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Medium close shot of NICOLI watching the WAITER scoop coq au
text: vin onto his plate.
text: Close shot of CHARNIER taking a large forkful of food into
text: his mouth, chewing and nodding at NICOLI.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Medium shot of DOYLE looking up to RUSSO who comes bearing a
text: paper bag which he hands to DOYLE.
dialog: 55.
text: Medium close shot of RUSSO standing in front of DOYLE while
text: DOYLE fishes a piece of pizza out of the bag and lets it
text: fold into his mouth, then licks his fingers.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: You want the red or the white?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Pour it in your ear.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Medium close view of CHARNIER through the window of the
text: restaurant, sipping expresso.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Close shot of the pastry tray, rows of Napoleons, strawberry
text: and peach tarts, a frothing-frenzied rum cake, etc.
text: NICOLI close, looking like he's about to have an orgasm,
text: glancing toward CHARNIER and then the tray.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Close shot of RUSSO peering at the restaurant. DOYLE's face
text: right behind him, peering over RUSSO's shoulder, trying to
text: drink coffee from a paper container and also moving slightly
text: against the cold and the pain of the shoes.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVENUE - DAY (EXT. COPAIN)
text: Rear long view of CHARNIER and NICOLI on Madison in the
text: Forties strolling to a corner where NICOLI is splitting for
text: the Edison Hotel (West 46th Street) while CHARNIER goes on
text: to the Westbury on upper Madison. They part with a wave and
text: a nod. Hold on them as BUDDY RUSSO comes into view, moving
text: off after NICOLI. DOYLE follow CHARNIER.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTBURY HOTEL - CHARNIER ENTERS - DAY
scene_heading: INT. WESTBURY HOTEL - DAY
text: Close shot of the elevator floor indicator rising from 1 to 6.
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE turning away from the elevator
text: doors and walking toward the registration desk.
text: Close shot of the DESK CLERK.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Yes sir?
dialog: 56.
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE leaning on elbow on the counter,
text: half-turned to keep an eye on the elevators.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: That guy just walked in. What's
dialog: his name?
text: Close on CLERK and DOYLE.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: I'm sorry, I don't know who you mean.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (showing badge)
text: He got off on six.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: We have four rooms and six suites
dialog: on six. There's a man in almost
dialog: every one of them.
text: Close of DOYLE.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Little shorter than me. Well-
text: dressed. About forty-five or fifty
text: with salt-and-pepper hair, a beard.
text: Close of CLERK. Thinks it over.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: There's nobody like that on six.
scene_heading: DOYLE AND CLERK
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
text: Perhaps he's visiting a guest.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: No, I figure he stays here. Where's
dialog: your registration?
text: CLERK gets out registration log book, goes through list as
text: DOYLE waits.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: There may be two... no, three who
dialog: could fit it.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Names.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: A Mr. Paul Ganapolos, he's here
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Where from?
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Des Moines.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What's he do?
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Businessman. Owns a department
dialog: store in Des Moines, I think.
text: DOYLE is taking down the information on a pad.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Alain Charnier, would
dialog: be another. He's in shipping.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Yeh? Who else?
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: And a Mr. Michael Lowenstein, I
dialog: don't know what he does.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: This Charnier guy. He's in shipping?
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: I think so. But they're in Room
text: 408. On the fourth floor.
text: Close of DOYLE.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Where's he from?
speaker_heading: CLERK
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: Marseilles.
scene_heading: DOYLE AND CLERK
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (gives him a dumb look)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: DESK CLERK
dialog: That's in France.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Yeah, I know.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTBURY HOTEL ON MADISON AVENUE - NIGHT
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE standing in another doorway, this
text: one in Madison Avenue, opposite and a little up the street
text: from the Westbury. It is about 2 o'clock in the morning and
text: there's not much traffic. DOYLE looks like a man almost too
text: tired to stand. We hear a car pull up (off camera).
scene_heading: INT. RUSSO'S CAR - NIGHT
text: View from the front seat of a sedan of DOYLE falling into
text: the corner of the back seat. RUSSO reaches across the seat
text: from the camera to hand DOYLE a brown paper container of
text: coffee. He opens it between his knees and scalds his mouth
text: with it. RUSSO hands over another gift, a pint of Canadian
text: Club. DOYLE takes a big swig.
text: Rear close view of BILL MULDERIG at the wheel of the car,
text: looking at DOYLE in the rear-view mirror.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: You about ready for a break?
text: A view of MULDERIG at the wheel, RUSSO twisted around in the
text: seat, looking back at DOYLE and putting the cap back on the
text: bottle. When DOYLE isn't sipping at the coffee-whiskey,
text: he's looking out the window of the car at the entrance of
text: the hotel. He looks beat.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: The guy's a frog -- I'm pretty sure.
dialog: Also he made me. Stayin' on four
dialog: but went up to six -- cute.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: The other guy's a frog too. Checked
dialog: in at the Edison. Had a hooker
dialog: sent up.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Christ you should o' collared him
dialog: right there.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Who's on him?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Phil Klein.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What about Sal?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: We put him to bed for the night.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Why don't you do the same, Doyle?
dialog: You look like shit.
scene_heading: DOYLE AND MULDERIG - INTERCUT
speaker_heading: DOYLE
speaker_heading: (to MULDERIG)
dialog: Look. My partner and I found this
dialog: case and I don't want no Feds
dialog: screwing it up.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Case? So far I haven't seen a damn
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Bill, keep shootin' your mouth off
dialog: and I'll knock you into the middle
dialog: of next week.
text: RUSSO, close.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Jimmy, cool it. Nothin's goin'
dialog: down tonight. Cop a few zzz's
dialog: while you can.
text: Close shot, DOYLE.
scene_heading: INT. WEINSTOCK'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Close shot of CHEMIST with a small lab layout spread in
text: front of him -- burner, test tubes, etc. The MAN's wearing
text: an ordinary business suit and both the table and the
dialog: background indicate that this is not a lab, but somebody's
text: library or den -- and a fashionable one, with photos, a
text: signed picture of Lyndon Johnson, etc., on the panelled walls.
text: The CHEMIST is running a Thiele test on a small mound of
text: powder. Heroin from CHARNIER's shipment.
text: Medium close shot of JOEL WEINSTOCK and SAL BOCA sitting
text: opposite the CHEMIST.
dialog: 60.
text: SAL has a glass of beer in front of him, WEINSTOCK a brandy
text: snifter containing a splash of amber cognac. Both are
text: interested; SAL quite nervously.
text: The CHEMIST immerses a capillary tube, a tiny instrument the
text: size of a needle into an open kilo of heroin.
text: He pours a small quantity of mineral oil into a burnmeister
text: test tube and preheats the oil over the open flame of a tiny
dialog: alcohol lamp.
text: He removes a 15-in thermometer from its leather case,
text: fastens the capillary tuve (now totally immersed in the
text: heroin) to the bulb of the thermometer with a rubber band.
text: He places the bulb, with capillary attached, into an open
text: rubber stop and inserts the entire apparatus into the
text: burnmeister tube, about three inches in.
text: With a small metal clamp he holds the rig over the lamp.
text: We watch closely with the CHEMIST, WEINSTOCK and BOCA as the
text: white heroin powder slowly, agonizingly dissolves into the
dialog: mineral oil and
text: The mercury rises slowly up the thermometer to 220° - 230°.
text: The faces of the three men are filled with wonder and
text: anxiety. As the mercury continues to rise they become a
text: cheering section, rooting the hometeam home.
text: The longer it takes for the powder to dissolve, the purer
dialog: the heroin. The mercury stops at 240°!
speaker_heading: CHEMIST
dialog: Absolutely dynamite! 89.5 proof!
dialog: Best I've ever seen! If the rest
dialog: is like this, you'll be dealing for
dialog: two years on this load.
text: Close on WEINSTOCK, relaxed, smoking a large cigar.
speaker_heading: WEINSTOCK
dialog: Retail is not my end of the business.
dialog: Are you telling me it's worth the
dialog: half million?
text: Medium close of the CHEMIST.
speaker_heading: CHEMIST
dialog: How many kilos?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Sixty.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CHEMIST
text: Six kilos at eight big ones a
dialog: kilo...
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: I'd say it should be able to take a
text: seven to one hit in the street.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: By the time it gets down to nickel
dialog: bags it's at least thirty-two
dialog: million!
text: Medium close of WEINSTOCK and BOCA.
speaker_heading: WEINSTOCK
dialog: Thank you, Howard. Take what's
dialog: left there with you and goodnight.
text: The CHEMIST packs his apparatus and leaves.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I guess we got a deal, eh?
text: Medium close shot of WEINSTOCK alone, appraising BOCA.
speaker_heading: WEINSTOCK
dialog: We got a test. A deal for half a
dialog: million dollars, maybe.
text: SAL, whose cool is easily shattered.
speaker_heading: SAL
text: Joel, the man is in a hurry. He
dialog: wants the bread and he wants to go
dialog: back to France. He ain't gonna
dialog: hang around and play games. He's
dialog: one o' the shrewdest cats I ever
text: run across.
text: WEINSTOCK, close.
speaker_heading: WEINSTOCK
dialog: What am I, a shmuck? What's the
text: hurry? He could see a couple of
dialog: shows and visit the top of the
dialog: Empire State Building.
scene_heading: INTERCUT SAL, WEINSTOCK
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Joel, don't jerk me. I spent a lot
dialog: o' time settin' this one up.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: WEINSTOCK
dialog: So whatta you want a badge? It's
dialog: your first major league game Sal.
dialog: One thing I learned, move calmly,
dialog: move cautiously. You'll never be
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I been damn careful up to now.
speaker_heading: WEINSTOCK
dialog: Which is why your phone lines are
dialog: tapped and the Feds are crawlin'
dialog: all over you like flies.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I'm straight, Joel. They haven't
dialog: got shit on me. Look, I'm tellin'
dialog: you, he'll take the deal somewhere
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: WEINSTOCK
speaker_heading: WEINSTOCK
dialog: He could go someplace else with his
dialog: sixty kilos of heroin and see how
dialog: easy it is to pull together a half
dialog: million cash. He wouldn't find
dialog: there was any hurry to do this kind
dialog: of business.
text: SAL, a little desperate.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Look, the stuff is here. We could
dialog: set up the switch in an hour. I'm
dialog: tellin' you, Mr. Weinstock, he'll
dialog: split if we don't move. This guy
dialog: is everything they say he is.
text: WEINSTOCK taking SAL apart with his eyes over the cigar.
speaker_heading: WEINSTOCK
dialog: What about you, Sal? Are you
dialog: everything they say you are?
text: Close of SAL's worried face.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET - NIGHT
text: Close side view of DOYLE driving; popeyeing right and left,
text: looking for everything and nothing.
dialog: 63.
text: View over DOYLE's right shoulder through windshield of a
text: young Black HOOKER leaning against a lamppost, smiling at a
text: passing PEDESTRIAN. Hold on her as the car moves on,
text: DOYLE's head turning as he continues to move with the traffic.
text: Rear close view of DOYLE leaning over the back seat, looking
text: as he backs the car.
text: Close shot of the HOOKER looking up smiling, then the smile
dialog: fading.
text: Medium close view of DOYLE and the HOOKER.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You own that lamppost?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Then how come you're leaning on it.
text: Close shot of HOOKER.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I ever bust you?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I never seen you before.
text: DOYLE and the HOOKER.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Get your ass in the car.
text: DOYLE looking right and left, the form of the GIRL climbing
text: into the vehicle. He puts surveillance hat on back seat.
scene_heading: INT. DAN'S LUNCH - DAY
text: DOYLE is standing at an island counter in a coffee-doughnuts
text: joint. The COUNTERMAN is paying no attention to him but is
text: instead emptying coffee from a large dispenser into a pot.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You gonna wait on me or am I gonna
dialog: sit here all day?
text: The COUNTERMAN responds quickly to DOYLE's voice.
text: Close shot of DOYLE biting into a huge jelly doughnut, the
text: jelly squeezing out onto his fingers.
dialog: 64.
text: A kid pushes a broom past, getting rid of a collection of
dialog: cigarette butts, etc.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Hey!
text: Close shot of KID, about 16, looking up from the broom
text: toward DOYLE.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: C'mere... C'mere!
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE and the KID, DOYLE eating and
dialog: drinking.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Can you stand a toss, Hector?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: What you mean?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You still dealin' shit?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Jesus, no, Doyle. I'm clean. I'm
dialog: working twelve hours a day here.
text: Close shot of DOYLE talking around a mouthful of doughnut.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: When they going to make you chairman
dialog: of the board?
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE and the KID. DOYLE puts down the
text: coffee cup. Waves the KID closer. The KID moves closer,
text: DOYLE frisks him quickly, expertly, then rips up the kid's
text: jacket and takes a 12-inch toadsticker out of the kid's
text: waistband.
text: Close shot of DOYLE looking at the knife, snapping the
text: button and watching the blade flash out.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You clean your fingernails with this.
text: Close shot of KID.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Rather be caught with it than
dialog: without it.
dialog: 65.
text: DOYLE, pushing button and letting the blade fall into closed
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Yeah, I guess so.
text: DOYLE hands the knife back to the kid. HECTOR goes back to
text: work. DOYLE eats.
scene_heading: EXT. DAN'S LUNCH - DAY
text: DOYLE climbing back into his car, knees on the seat, reaching
text: over into the back.
text: Close shot over the rear seat of DOYLE picking up the straw
text: hat, which has been jammed into the corner by the contours
text: of the Hooker's tail. He straightens it as much as possible
text: and throws it under the driver's seat.
scene_heading: EXT. MADISON AVENUE - DAY
text: Medium shot of DOYLE on foot popeyeing up Madison Avenue in
text: the vicinity of the Westbury. As unobtrusively as possible,
text: he's looking for the tail that should be there covering
text: CHARNIER. DOYLE is on the East side of the street, and the
text: Westbury is on the West. He pokes his head into a couple of
text: doorways, checks the cars parked at the curb, looks up to a
text: couple of the mezzanine shops along the street. He sees
text: PHIL KLEIN and ANOTHER AGENT talking together totally
text: oblivious to the front entrance. MULDERIG in a cigar store
text: looks to his wristwatch, then goes inside the store.
text: Close shot of DOYLE frowning, puzzled. There doesn't seem
text: to be anybody alert. He looks over to the hotel.
text: Westbury Hotel entrance from DOYLE's Point of View. CHARNIER
text: steps out of hotel entrance, turns south. The two AGENTS
text: and MULDERIG have not seen his exit.
text: Close on DOYLE in a doorway.
text: CHARNIER, carrying an umbrella, strolling blithely down the
text: street, in DOYLE's direction but on the opposite side of the
text: street. Zoom in on his face, reflecting no concern, no
text: problems, then zoom back to DOYLE's position. Pan to the
text: hotel entrance as DOYLE looks for somebody else. Where the
dialog: hell is CHARNIER's surveillance?
text: Very quickly, DOYLE's nervous glances.
text: CHARNIER close.
text: A long view of the street.
dialog: 66.
text: CHARNIER moving along.
text: The hotel entrance.
text: Close shot of DOYLE going through the glancing movements,
text: his eyes showing CHARNIER getting farther and farther down
text: Madison Avenue. But there's still nobody following him.
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE scrambling out of the doorway and
text: moving down the street after CHARNIER.
text: Rear view of CHARNIER stopping at a newsstand, buying a copy
dialog: of the Times.
text: DOYLE in a doorway, peering out and down the street.
text: Medium close front view of CHARNIER strolling along, glancing
text: at the headlines of the Times, an umbrella hooked over his
text: left forearm as he walks.
text: Close shot of CHARNIER's polished shoes, moving quickly down
text: subway entrance stairs. Hold on the empty stairs. Then
text: DOYLE's painful, scuffed shoes, follow.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - DAY
text: Close shot CHARNIER standing on the subway platform, looking
text: at the Times, glancing toward the tracks and the rumble of a
text: train in the distance.
text: Side rear view of CHARNIER close in the foreground, DOYLE
text: moving into view in the background, not looking toward
text: CHARNIER, keeping his face turned mostly away from the
dialog: Frenchman.
text: Long shot of the platform. DOYLE right, CHARNIER left as
text: the train pulls in. CHARNIER is folding up his paper to
text: board. DOYLE is moving toward the train.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN
text: CHARNIER getting on train toward camera.
text: Close side shot DOYLE getting on train, leaning over to look
text: after CHARNIER's movements.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY PLATFORM
text: CHARNIER getting off train.
text: DOYLE puzzled, hesitating, then getting off his car.
text: Long shot of CHARNIER opening the Times again.
dialog: 67.
text: Medium shot of DOYLE moving quickly to phone booth against
text: the wall.
text: DOYLE close, barking into the phone.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I'm sittin' on Frog One.
text: MULDERIG in phone booth at Westbury.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Yeah, we got the Westbury covered
text: like a tent.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: The Westbury? Balls. I got him
text: down at the subway at Times Square.
dialog: What the hell's goin' on? I make
text: him coming right out of the hotel
text: free as a bird. Not a soul awake.
text: Close shot of CHARNIER strolling past the telephone booth,
text: DOYLE looking down.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I don't care how many bartenders
dialog: are sick. I don't work in that
dialog: joint. What the hell kind of a
dialog: union are you running down there?
text: Long view of CHARNIER and DOYLE about thirty feet apart on
text: the platform, a second train approaching.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN
text: A close view of DOYLE just inside the doors of the car
text: sneaking a peek at the platform. We can see that CHARNIER
text: is not there. He's on the train. Suddenly CHARNIER
text: reappears on the platform. DOYLE steps off.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY PLATFORM
text: Long view from DOYLE's vantage point of CHARNIER standing
text: with his back to the train, looking up like a man who can't
text: make up his mind, then turning to his left, away from DOYLE
text: and getting back on the train.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN
text: View from interior of DOYLE car of JIMMY DOYLE nipping back
text: onto car.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - CHARNIER'S CAR
text: Close view of subway doors hissing shut and an umbrella
text: being raised at the last moment by an off-camera hand
text: (CHARNIER's). The doors jerk open in the safety spasm.
text: There is a blur of the a fabric moving across the camera,
text: blocking the view of the doors. It is only a moment. When
text: it clears, the doors are closed again, the umbrella is gone.
text: But we don't know what happened and the train isn't moving.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - DOYLE'S CAR
text: Rear close view of DOYLE peeking into the forward car to see
text: where CHARNIER is sitting.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - CHARNIER'S CAR
text: Quick, shocked close view of that car, revealing that
text: CHARNIER isn't there among the twenty passengers dozing or
text: moping in their seats. There is a blurred flash as if
text: DOYLE's own eyes are spinning frantically back to the
text: windows of his own car.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY PLATFORM
text: Medium shot of DOYLE jumping out of train, CHARNIER jumping
text: back on - train takes off.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - CHARNIER'S CAR
text: A close view of CHARNIER's face. He is smiling directly at
text: DOYLE. He gives him a little wave.
text: A view from CHARNIER's position of DOYLE chasing the train,
text: anger and hatred and frustration storming across his face.
scene_heading: EXT. HENRY HUDSON PARKWAY - MOSHOLU EXIT
text: A long view from the bottom of the steep embankments above
text: Harlem River Drive in Washington Heights. Sprayed along the
text: face of the cliff is a disaster -- an overturned city bus
text: and a car with which it apparently collided. The scene is
text: lighted with flares. Police rescue WORKERS and FIREMEN are
text: scrambling up and down the face of the cliff. They are
text: carrying BODIES out of the bus and the car, COPS pulling
text: them out through the windows, leading them on stretchers.
text: There are shouted orders and some moans and cries from the
text: wreckage. In the foreground is LT. WALTER SIMONSON, involved
text: in the operation, but also involved in a hassle with DOYLE,
text: MULDERIG and RUSSO who are standing with him. An officer
text: approaches SIMONSON with a set of heroin works.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
speaker_heading: (to SIMONSON)
dialog: This belonged to the kid who was
dialog: drivin' the sports car. 17 years
dialog: old. His girlfriend OD'd in the
dialog: car. We found this set of works in
text: her arm.
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE and SIMONSON. DOYLE couldn't
dialog: care if Rome was burning on the hill; he's only interested
dialog: in his case.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
speaker_heading: (to MULDERIG)
dialog: Where the hell was the surveillance?
dialog: "Go to bed." That's all you could
dialog: say. You couldn't keep track of a
text: bleeding elephant in a snowbank.
text: SIMONSON, eyes on the hill, glancing to DOYLE with irritation.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: Jimmy, it doesn't matter anymore.
dialog: If there was a deal it must have
dialog: gone down by now. We blew it! We
dialog: blew our cover and we blew the
dialog: warrants --
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Charnier and his wife checked out
dialog: of the Westbury. Nicoli checked
dialog: out of the Edison --
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: This fella Nicoli's got a record in
dialog: France, Walter. He's wanted for
dialog: questioning in the murder of a
dialog: French cop.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I say we keep sittin' on Boca.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: That's crazy. You lost the Frog in
dialog: the subway and you blew our cover.
dialog: If they haven't moved already
dialog: they're not gonna move now.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Walter, I can make this case if the
dialog: Feds will get the hell out of my way.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: With pleasure -- it's all yours.
dialog: Walter, if anything develops outta
dialog: this charade give me a call.
text: Medium shot of SIMONSON, DOYLE, MULDERIG and RUSSO. Lights
text: flashing around them; stretchers going by with bodies.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
speaker_heading: (to MULDERIG)
dialog: My ass. The only reason you're in
dialog: this is because you've got a big
dialog: expense account for buying junk and
dialog: you like to see your picture in the
dialog: papers.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
speaker_heading: (to SIMONSON)
dialog: This is my case. Get these guys
dialog: off my back and let me handle it.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: For chrissake, will you come off
dialog: that "my case" bullshit. This has
dialog: been a whore's dream from the start.
text: DOYLE, close.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: The deal hasn't gone down yet
dialog: Walter -- I know it, I can feel it.
text: Close shot of MULDERIG
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: The last time you were dead certain
text: we ended up with a dead cop.
text: A fist, DOYLE's, comes from off-camera and connects with
text: MULDERIG's chin. As his head flies back.
text: DOYLE and MULDERIG slugging and grappling with each other,
text: RUSSO leaping in to yank them apart. SIMONSON grabbing
text: MULDERIG's arm and holding him back.
text: SIMONSON, close.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: (roaring)
dialog: That's enough. Get the hell out of
dialog: here.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Shot of SIMONSON, MULDERIG, DOYLE, RUSSO, in a cluster.
speaker_heading: SIMONSON
dialog: (on way up hill,
dialog: turning back)
dialog: Jimmy, you wasted two months - no
dialog: collars are comin' in while you two
dialog: been out jerkin' off. Now go back
dialog: to work, you're off Special
dialog: Assignment.
scene_heading: EXT. LA GUARDIA AIRPORT - DAY
text: Medium close side view of SAL BOCA's Mercury pulling to the
text: Washington-Boston shuttle parking lot at La Guardia airport.
text: SAL takes his ticket from the automatic vendor and drives in.
text: We hold for the next car driven by PHIL KLEIN, a federal
text: narcotics agent who is on his tail.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - DAY
text: Medium close shot of SAL BOCA writing out the ticket order
dialog: form.
text: Close shot of the form; SAL filling it out in an almost
text: illiterate scrawl. Under destination SAL fills in Washing...
text: and the camera raises its eye to a close shot of PHIL KLEIN
text: on the opposite side of the counter, filling in his form.
text: Close side shot of PHIL KLEIN standing right behind SAL in
text: the shuttle line.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPT. OF COMMERCE, WASHINGTON, D.C. - DAY
text: CHARNIER and an UNDERSECRETARY on the steps of the building,
text: shaking hands. Two other OFFICIALS are on hand and while we
dialog: don't hear their conversation, their manner is extremely
text: attentive to CHARNIER.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: It has been highly informative and
dialog: a personal pleasure to see you again.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: I only hope we cut through to some
dialog: meaningful proposals in the next
dialog: month or so. The pleasure was
dialog: mine, Mr. Charnier. When will we
dialog: see you again?
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
text: Soon, probably in the Spring.
dialog: 72.
text: Close shot of CHARNIER.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Goodbye.
speaker_heading: UNDERSECRETARY
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: Goodbye. Good trip home.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON STREET - DAY
text: Medium long shot of CHARNIER walking across street,
text: diagonally toward the camera, removing the identification
text: card from his lapel.
text: Rear close shot of CHARNIER joining SAL BOCA on the sidewalk
text: and the two of them moving off together.
text: Close shot of SAL, somewhat nervous about trying to peddle
text: his problems to CHARNIER.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Everything's smooth. Beautiful. I
dialog: will need a few more days though,
dialog: the boys think we oughta cool it
dialog: for awhile -- make sure there's no
dialog: heat.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: (manner outwardly pleasant)
dialog: You must take me for an imbecile.
dialog: Why do you think I asked you to
dialog: meet me in Washington? I haven't
dialog: spent five minutes in New York City
text: without the company of a gendarme.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Look, I'll level with you -- I need
dialog: a little more time -- I got to
dialog: shift gears.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Are you having trouble raising the
dialog: half million?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Hell no -- my end is covered -- my
dialog: associates just feel we ought to
dialog: wait for a more opportune time to
dialog: make the switch.
dialog: Stop, Cover.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: It has to be by the end of this week.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Look, Mr. Charnier, you got to be
dialog: reasonable.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: It's your problem.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: It's yours too!
text: Full length shot of CHARNIER and BOCA, CHARNIER leaning over
text: to shake his hand.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: So nice to have seen you again.
text: CHARNIER turns and walks off, leaving SAL looking after him
text: as we zoom back to a Point of View about a hundred yards
text: down the street.
text: Close of PHIL KLEIN, just watching.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY
text: Close shot of MRS. CHARNIER, sitting by the window of two
text: seats on the shuttle, looking out and babbling at CHARNIER.
scene_heading: (DIALOGUE IN FRENCH).
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Look, darling, they sell these at
dialog: the Smithsonian.
text: She extracts a necklace and bracelet of shark's teeth from
text: an elegant alligator bag.
text: Camera moves back to take in CHARNIER looking from the Wall
text: Street Journal to the native craft bracelets.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Are you sure it is dead?
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: I'm going to put them on the cat.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: That's a relief.
text: Close shot of CHARNIER, tenderly, lovingly.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: You did find something for yourself,
dialog: of course.
text: MARIE, close.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Of course. But I am not going to
dialog: tell you what it is until we are
dialog: back in Marseilles.
text: CHARNIER and MARIE. He folds up the paper, smiling at her.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Excuse me a moment, darling.
text: CHARNIER's view of the plane interior, walking back toward
text: the rear of the cabin. The seats are occupied by military-
text: business-government TYPES making the shuttle run. Not every
text: seat is filled. We come to an empty one on which someone
text: has deposited an attache case. It is the seat next to
text: PIERRE NICOLI, whose hand reaches out to remove it and we
text: follow the arm to NICOLI's face.
text: Close shot of CHARNIER and NICOLI sitting. (DIALOGUE IN
speaker_heading: FRENCH)
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: I'm afraid they've become a bit...
dialog: over-cautious. Our American friends.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: What happens to the schedule?
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: We must follow it.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: But will they?
text: CHARNIER shrugs.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: I don't know. Boca is scared.
text: He's not strong enough. He sees
text: policemen in his soup.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: He is not wrong.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Mmmmm. That bastard who followed
dialog: me on the subway, he's the eager one.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: Let me take him out.
text: Close of CHARNIER.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: There'll be someone else.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: What difference does it make?
dialog: We'll be out of the country Friday.
text: Close shot of CHARNIER alone.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK OUTSIDE DOYLE'S APARTMENT BLDG. - DAY
text: A complex of buildings similar to Lefrak City. A medium
text: close view of a LITTLE GIRL about to run DOYLE down with a
text: two-wheel bicycle. Two shots ring out in quick succession
text: and tear up the concrete at a point where he would have been
text: walking a moment earlier.
text: DOYLE diving for the cover of a tree. The rifle goes off a
text: third time and MOTHERS begin to scream on the benches of the
dialog: playground area.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Everybody, down! Get down on the
dialog: ground!
text: DOYLE behind the tree, pulling his gun out of the ankle
text: holster. He holds the gun ready and tries to look around.
text: Ping, another shot that drives him back.
text: Long panning view, DOYLE's view, from the ground, of all the
text: rooftops in the area. A blank. The background sound is
text: still screaming crying. "Call the police." "The man's got a
text: gun." "Help! Help!" The view is still slow, careful under
text: the pressure of the panic. There's another shot.
text: Long shot of rifle smoke rising from NICOLI's sniper position.
text: Exterior view of the concrete tunnels, DOYLE running from
text: them toward the building, dodging and ducking behind
text: playground equipment and benches as he does. He's shouting
text: as he runs.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Get down! It's a sniper. Get down!
text: Medium shot of DOYLE dashing into the lobby of his building
text: to a Spanish kid in the window of building.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - DAY
text: Exterior shot of rooftop door opening slowly, DOYLE coming
text: through the opening, gun at the ready.
text: Panning shot of the rooftop, DOYLE's view, stopping for a
text: beat at the rifle and box of cartridges lying beside the
text: parapet, moving on. The roof's empty. DOYLE sees NICOLI
text: below, grabs rifle and cartridge.
text: DOYLE running to the parapet, looking over.
text: Shot of the street, traffic, elevated tracks in the distance.
text: Long searching look of the streets and the people. The
text: view, which is DOYLE's, passes over one man in a dark suit,
text: stops and goes back. Zap! It's NICOLI walking quickly but
text: not in any panic toward the El.
text: DOYLE's face. He runs to parapet, fires at NICOLI. Misses.
text: DOYLE running across the roof and through the door.
text: DOYLE bursting out of the elevator at the bottom, through a
text: crowd of WOMEN and KIDS who scream as they did in the
dialog: playground.
text: Medium close view of DOYLE running as fast as he can.
text: Medium close shot of the entrance to the El. DOYLE coming
text: into view from off-camera, running to a stop deciding which
text: to take. He runs across the street to the downtown side
text: from which he saw train approaching.
text: DOYLE going over the turnstiles in a leap, gun still in his
dialog: right hand.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATFORM OF EL - DAY
text: Broad view of platform, DOYLE emerging looking right and left.
text: DOYLE's view across tracks. There's NICOLI, standing with a
dialog: group of people.
text: DOYLE looking up tracks to see if he can get across.
text: Training pulling in an opposite side. Train pulling in
text: right in front of DOYLE.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Stop that guy. He's wanted by the
dialog: police!
text: Side medium close shot of DOYLE turning and plunging back
text: through the doorway of platform exit.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR - DAY
text: In one corner of the train is a transit policeman. He's
text: observed Doyle shouting and gesturing at NICOLI who sits
text: nervously aware of the policeman's presence. Long longs
text: between them. Finally, the officer decides to approach
speaker_heading: NICOLI.
text: NICOLI panics and runs. The officer goes after him and
text: traps him against the door between cars.
scene_heading: INT. TOKEN BOOTH - DAY
text: Close shot of DOYLE with badge at token booth.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Where's the next stop? Going into
dialog: the city?
scene_heading: TOKEN ATTENDANT
dialog: (glancing out in
dialog: direction the train
dialog: was hurtling)
dialog: 25th Avenue.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DAY
text: NICOLI and the TRANSIT POLICEMAN struggle, as the handful of
text: passengers watch. NICOLI pulls his .45 and clobbers the
text: officer on the side of the head.
text: Close of NICOLI going from one car to another, opening doors
text: on the rear, moving through yet another crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE running into the street, forcing
text: a driver to stop. DOYLE moving so hard he falls against the
text: hood of the car then dashes around to the door and jerks it
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Police!
scene_heading: Medium close shot of DOYLE dragging MIDDLE-AGED MALE DRIVER
text: out from behind the wheel as he shouts.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (diving behind the wheel)
dialog: Police! Emergency!
dialog: 78.
text: DOYLE has a pistol in his hand. The man falls back
text: sputtering. DOYLE jams car into gear and it roars off.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN CAR - DAY
text: NICOLI pounds on the door of the Motorman's cab with his gun.
text: After a long moment - the door cracks open. Close shot
text: NICOLI pushing his way into the cab of the subway MOTORMAN,
text: sixtyish, worn and frail looking.
text: MOTORMAN looks down. He follows the glance to NICOLI's .45.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Side close view of DOYLE screeching to a stop to avoid
text: plunging into a panel truck. DOYLE sticks his head out the
text: window to look up at the tracks as the DRIVER of the truck
text: screams.
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER
dialog: Blind sonofabitch!
text: Overhead view of the tracks, train roaring along them.
text: DOYLE's view.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - DAY
text: The tracks racing by from the view of the train. We're
text: approaching a station.
scene_heading: INT. MOTORMAN'S CABIN - DAY
text: NICOLI's close view of the MOTORMAN, the gun on the man.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: Don't stop! Continue on to the
dialog: next station!
speaker_heading: MOTORMAN
dialog: I got to stop.
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: Touch the brake and I'll blow you
dialog: in half.
speaker_heading: MOTORMAN
text: The signal lights are automatic.
dialog: If I go through a red I'll be
text: automatically braked.
text: The MOTORMAN pales, his hand goes to his left side in a
text: gesture of anxiety, possibly pain.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY ENTRANCE - DAY
text: Side close view of DOYLE screeching to a stop, the car
text: bumping up on the sidewalk and DOYLE plunging out the door
text: which he leaves hanging open. He races around the car for
text: the steps to the El.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY PLATFORM - DAY
text: Side view of train roaring through the station without
dialog: stopping.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - DAY
text: Medium close shot of CROWD on train pushing toward the
text: MOTORMAN's cab. They are upset over the missed stop. The
text: CONDUCTOR seems to be the most annoyed.
text: He's pushing hardest toward the camera to complain.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Didn't stop.
dialog: Went right through there...
dialog: Hey, man, that's my station...
dialog: Where the hell's he going?
dialog: Hey, stop the car...
text: Close shot of NICOLI's back, half in the MOTORMAN's cab, as
text: he faces the CROWD. Now the cries turn to:
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: He's got a gun...
dialog: The motorman's gone crazy...
dialog: Oh my God!
speaker_heading: NICOLI
dialog: Get back.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Hey, you can't...
text: Side view of NICOLI, the MOTORMAN in the background the
text: CONDUCTOR leaping at NICOLI. NICOLI burns him; one gut shot.
text: The car turns to pandemonium of screams. The CONDUCTOR is
text: hurled back into the crowd by force of the blast. The
text: MOTORMAN throws back his head in fright, and the beginning
dialog: of a coronary.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. DOYLE'S CAR - DAY
text: Close shot of DOYLE from back seat, twisting, turning the
text: car in a wild demonstration of pursuit driving around cars,
text: braking, roaring ahead.
dialog: 80.
text: We move out through the windshield for a lurching, spinning,
text: twisting view of the tracks overhead, the street signs and
text: lights flashing by in a reeling montage of movement, the
text: train roaring above it all.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - DAY
text: Close side shot of NICOLI turning to cover the MOTORMAN, who
text: is clutching in pain, slumping toward the controls.
speaker_heading: MOTORMAN
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: I can't breathe.
text: NICOLI glances quickly to his left, out the window to the
dialog: next station.
text: Long, low view of the tracks, partially NICOLI's view.
text: There are red blinkers on the side of the tracks. Red
text: lights up ahead. That's the back of another train. It has
text: stopped and we're hurtling toward it.
text: Wide shot of screaming pack of subway riders, fighting their
text: way back from NICOLI, succeeding only in turning themselves
text: into a tightly contained mob. Now the words they cry are:
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: We'll crash.
dialog: Won't somebody please help me.
dialog: Murder
dialog: He's a killer.
dialog: Crash. We'll crash!
dialog: Stop. Stop the train.
scene_heading: EXT. DOYLE'S CAR - DAY
text: Side close view of DOYLE driving while he's looking up. He
text: skids through a red light, narrowly missing a pedestrian and
text: an oncoming group of cars.
text: Long, low view of the train from DOYLE's position.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - DAY
text: Close shot of cord dangling above a sign that says "Pull for
text: Emergency Stop Only." It just dangles, wobbles, forgotten in
dialog: the panic.
scene_heading: EXT. DOYLE'S CAR - DAY
text: Close side shot of DOYLE driving, skidding on streetcar
text: tracks, panning upward to show the car pulling ahead of the
dialog: train.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - DAY
text: Close shot of NICOLI from behind, looking out the window of
text: the car where we see ourselves hurtling toward the other
text: train, now only about 100 yards away. Hold on the train
text: ahead. The MOTORMAN collapses over the throttle.
text: Rear close shot of NICOLI plunging into the panicky riders
text: with gun in hand, trying to get out with them to some rear
dialog: car.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY STATION - DAY
text: Medium close of DOYLE arriving at the station.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - DAY
text: Back end of subway car looming up at high speed.
scene_heading: EXT. 62ND STREET STATION - THE TRACKS - DAY
text: The leader train sits waiting about twenty yards out of the
text: station. As the onrushing train approaches, it passes
text: through the yellow signal light at the rear of the station.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSE SHOT THE TRIP LOCK - DAY
text: As the onrushing car pulls equal to the red signal light at
text: the front of the station, the tiny trip lock on the track
text: springs up, activating the safety brake. The trains avoid
text: collision by a few feet as the front car screeches to a halt.
scene_heading: INT. THE ONRUSHING TRAIN - DAY
text: The passengers are thrown violently to the ground.
text: NICOLI gets to his feet and forces open one of the doors.
scene_heading: EXT. 62ND STREET TRACKS - DAY
text: NICOLI makes his way out of the train and runs along the
text: tracks for a few yards, narrowly avoiding the third rail.
text: He climbs onto the station platform, to the shock and
text: amazement of several onlookers. He is dazed and disheveled,
dialog: no longer a hunter.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE TO THE 62ND STREET STATION - DAY
text: NICOLI staggers down the stairs to the street, unarmed.
text: DOYLE is waiting at the foot of the stairs.
text: NICOLI sees him, turns in desperation to run back up.
dialog: 82.
text: DOYLE has his .38 drawn. He fires three shots into NICOLI's
dialog: back.
text: NICOLI stiffens and falls backward coming to rest at DOYLE's
text: feet. DOYLE collapses next to him.
scene_heading: EXT. CANDY STORE - DAY
text: SAL and ANGIE emerge and get into the Mercury.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN STREET - DAY
text: Long shot of the Mercury stopped. SAL gets out and walks
text: quickly to the garage entrance and down the ramp as ANGIE
text: drives off in the Mercury. Pan to
scene_heading: EXT/INT. DOYLE'S CAR - DAY
text: Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO from the front. DOYLE looks
text: after ANGIE's car.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: Medium close shot of RUSSO from the rear as he walks down
text: the ramp toward a glass attendant's booth in the background.
text: We pan around the garage looking for SAL but don't find him.
text: As RUSSO approaches the booth, we see the figure of a man
text: partially obscured by the door and the entrance framework.
text: Close shot of RUSSO from the front.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Hey, Mac, have you seen...?
text: Close shot of the man turning. It is SAL BOCA.
text: Close shot of RUSSO and BOCA in face-to-face confrontation.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: ...the guy who runs this joint?
text: There's a tense pause as BOCA looks at RUSSO.
text: Close shot of BOCA.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Yeh. He's over getting my car.
text: Medium close shot of GARAGE ATTENDANT holding the door of
text: the Lincoln open for SAL, shutting it and taking the ticket
text: from the windshield. As BOCA puts car in gear and drives
text: off, we pan to BUDDY RUSSO standing there watching. The
text: ATTENDANT walks up.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Can I help you...?
text: Medium close shot of ATTENDANT and RUSSO. BUDDY, ignoring
text: the ATTENDANT, watching the Lincoln take off, then breaking
text: loose and running toward the ramp.
text: Close shot of RUSSO from DOYLE's viewpoint, piling into the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
text: He's in the brown Lincoln - foreign
dialog: plates.
text: Close shot of DOYLE throwing the car into gear and shooting
text: down the street.
text: Long view of the street from DOYLE's windshield of the
text: Lincoln in the distance. We pick up speed and weave through
text: traffic in pursuit.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: Impressionistic shot of Lincoln and DOYLE's car winding
text: through Brooklyn streets.
text: Long shot of the Lincoln, SAL BOCA parking it, getting out
text: and locking the doors, looking around and walking away.
text: The Mercury comes around a corner, ANGIE at the wheel. The
text: car stops and SAL gets in.
text: As the Mercury takes off, Detective PHIL KLEIN follows in
dialog: his car.
text: Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO in their car parked several
text: car lengths and across the street from the Lincoln.
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Long shot of the Lincoln, zooming on the glittering car. In
text: the BG, eight youngsters are playing a game of street hockey.
scene_heading: INT. DOYLE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Close shot through windshield of DOYLE and RUSSO. MULDERIG
text: and KLEIN in their car.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Timezit?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Four.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: EXT. DOYLE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Long view over the hood of DOYLE's car to the street. We
text: can see the Lincoln. The lights of a car appear on the left
text: and come down the street past the Lincoln, slowly, like a
dialog: man looking for a place to park. We can make out, but just
text: barely with the help of the street lights, four people in
dialog: the car.
text: DOYLE in close profile, the foreground, picking up a corner
text: of the Lincoln in the background. While we are looking in
text: silence, there is a glimmering flow in the far corner, the
text: beginning of approaching headlights again. They grown
text: brighter and DOYLE's foreground profile turns to watch it
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Same car.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Third time around.
text: RUSSO and MULDERIG straightening up, leaning close to window
text: to peer out.
text: Long view over the hood of DOYLE's car of the approaching
text: vehicle, which suddenly switches off its lights and turns on
text: its parking blinkers. It comes abreast of the Lincoln and
text: stops. The men get out and chase the Lincoln.
text: View through windshield at the four men. DOYLE is now up
text: straight and at the wheel. He's leaning forward, his hand
text: on the key of the car. He glances back to MULDERIG.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (to car radio)
dialog: Let's him 'em.
text: View of the hood. All hell breaks loose, headlights,
text: including DOYLE's flash on and form a spotlight on the
text: Lincoln and the figures around it. Frozen in the headlights,
text: confused, startled, and disbelieving are FIVE PUERTO RICANS
text: with a variety of auto-stripping tools in their hands: lug
text: wrenches, tire irons, pinch bars, monkey wrenches, etc.
text: DOYLE drives right up to them. The camera leaps out of the
text: car with him and runs toward the men. We hear voices
text: shouting.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Police! Don't move... get you...
dialog: hands up... you're under arrest...
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Close view of DOYLE holding his gun on one of the terrorized-
text: looking Puerto Ricans. The KID's hands are rising
text: tentatively. He's too scared to move.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Up! Up, you sonofabitch!
text: In the background, the scene is being duplicated by two or
dialog: three others.
text: Overhead view of this headlight and flashlight arena of
text: about 10 or 12 DETECTIVES forming small clusters, throwing
text: these guys up against cars, pulling their arms around behind
text: them and throwing cuffs on them while others rapidly frisk
text: them for weapons, taking away one pistol, a couple of knives.
text: MULDERIG and DOYLE looking at their MAN up against the
text: Lincoln as RUSSO finishes snapping handcuffs on him.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Of all the goddam cars they had to
dialog: pick to steal hubcaps.
text: Close shot of the front end of the Lincoln, upended on a
text: hoist attached to a police tow truck. The area is less
text: brightly lighted by headlights now. Some cars have departed
text: with the Puerto Rican AUTO STRIPPERS. DOYLE's interest
text: focuses on the car. We pick him up as we pan to him sitting
text: on the running board of the tow truck, talking with its
text: DRIVER, who is making a report on a clipboard. MULDERIG and
text: RUSSO are standing nearby, talking to TWO PLAINCLOTHESMEN.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (looking up and around)
text: A bunch of lousy little spic car
dialog: thieves.
speaker_heading: MULDERIG
dialog: Nothing in there except a New York
dialog: street map.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: Tumble it. One end to the other.
text: RUSSO jotting in his note pad, then glancing up to the off-
text: camera DOYLE.
text: DOYLE, medium close, hands jamming into his pockets, staring
text: at the ground with RUSSO and MULDERIG.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE GARAGE - DAY
text: A montage as the Lincoln is being disassembled. First it is
text: weighed. We then see the MECHANIC drain the gas, pull apart
text: the transmission and check through the brake drums, rip out
dialog: the seats.
text: MECHANIC ducking out from under the car, moving toward off-
text: camera DOYLE.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Nobody's been under there with
dialog: anything but a grease gun since if
text: came off the line.
text: DOYLE's hand reaches out from off-camera and takes a
text: cigarette package out of the MECHANIC's pocket.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I don't buy it. The stuff is on
dialog: this car.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Then you find it. I can't.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE SERGEANT'S OFFICE AT GARAGE - DAY
text: Shot of DEVEREAUX and LA VALLE.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: The car was lost sometime this
dialog: evening. First they send us to
dialog: Pier One -- then they send us
dialog: here --
scene_heading: DESK SERGEANT
dialog: I don't understand why you had it
dialog: parked on the waterfront. You're
dialog: staying at the Doral and you lose
dialog: your car somewhere out by the
dialog: Brooklyn Bridge.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: In point of fact, M. Devereaux is
dialog: scouting locations for a film for
text: French Television. He left the car
dialog: to look at some point of interest.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: (moving, excitable)
dialog: We were told by the Police
dialog: Commissioner's office that the car
dialog: was brought to this garage. I
dialog: demand its immediate return.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: DESK SERGEANT
dialog: If you'll be patient, Mr. Devereaux.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: (moving)
dialog: I have been patient enough. There
dialog: is no reason I should have to waste
dialog: time with this red tape.
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: Mr. Devereaux is an extremely
dialog: important guest of this country.
dialog: He is working with the absolute
dialog: cooperation and participation of
dialog: your government. Here are his
dialog: credentials from the French
dialog: Consulate.
dialog: (showing them)
dialog: Unless you wish to see this episode
dialog: portrayed in his film I suggest you
text: locate his car immediately.
text: Shot of DOYLE and RUSSO near the Lincoln, now up on hoists.
text: Police MECHANIC in background.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: What are you looking for? Is it as
text: big as an orange or an elephant's
dialog: ass? I've been over every inch --
dialog: top to bottom. If you could give
dialog: me a club -- to the size...
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (doing rough figures
dialog: on a piece of scratch paper)
dialog: What was the weight of the car when
dialog: you got it, Irv?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: (consulting his notes)
dialog: 4,839 pounds.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (consulting Lincoln
dialog: Specification Book)
dialog: You're sure?
dialog: (he does quick addition)
dialog: The manufacturer's spec says it
dialog: should weigh 4,719 pounds. This
dialog: one's carrying roughly 120 extra
text: pounds somewhere.
text: He produces a copy of a ship's manifold.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: When it was booked in at Marseilles
dialog: it weighed the same. 120 pounds
dialog: overweight. Jimmy has to be right.
text: The THREE MEN turn again to stare at the Lincoln. The
text: MECHANIC lowers the hoist, thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: I ripped everything out except the
dialog: Rocker panels.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: What's that?
text: They look at each other for a long moment.
text: MECHANIC starts to undo the side Rocker pans. JIMMY pulls
text: the pan off and sticks his arm into the enclosure. Feeling
text: around inside he pulls out the first kilo-sized plastic
text: container as several others start tumbling out after. BUDDY
text: and DOYLE are smiling at each other as they continue to pull
text: the bags out. Several of the other MECHANICS in the garage
text: are gathered around the happy moment. They repeat this
text: action on the other side of the car.
text: RUSSO enters garage sergeant's bullpen. DEVEREAUX and LA
text: VALLE are still arguing with the SERGEANT.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Got it for you, Randy -- it just
dialog: came in from downtown. Who's
dialog: Devereaux?
speaker_heading: LA VALLE
dialog: This is M. Devereaux.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Devereaux, but we
dialog: get reports on a couple hundred
dialog: vehicles a night. Sometimes it's a
dialog: little tough to keep track.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: You mean the car's here now?
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Yeah -- fine -- it's okay -- not
dialog: even a scratch. You're all set.
dialog: (handing DEVEREAUX keys)
text: RUSSO walking with DEVEREAUX and LA VALLE.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Someone stole it right off the
dialog: street, huh? You're gonna have to
dialog: pay the tow away charge.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: I was told these things happen in
dialog: New York -- but one never expects it.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Yeah. Well, it's in perfect shape.
dialog: You must lead a charming life.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DORAL - DAY
text: Medium close shot of DEVEREAUX striding through the lobby
scene_heading: toward the camera. (DIALOGUE IN FRENCH)
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Henri...
text: Medium close shot of DEVEREAUX turning to face CHARNIER, who
text: has been waiting for him.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Did you pick up the car?
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: It is waiting for you in the garage.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Did they follow you?
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: I wasn't looking.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Henri... I need one more favor from
dialog: you. I know I am imposing...
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: My friend, I am not sure about what
dialog: is going on -- but for me, I am
dialog: finished.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Not quite -- you are in it whether
dialog: you like it or not. The police
dialog: know you brought the car into the
dialog: country. This makes you an
dialog: accomplice.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: An accomplice to what?! What have
dialog: you gotten me into, Alain? You
dialog: asked me to do you a favor -- and I
dialog: did what you asked -- but you've
dialog: taken advantage of me. I have my
dialog: reputation --
text: CHARNIER pulls DEVEREAUX further aside.
speaker_heading: CHARNIER
dialog: Calm down -- Henri! You must trust
dialog: me -- this is an extremely
dialog: complicated situation to which
dialog: there is a simple solution if you
dialog: do exactly what I tell you. It's
dialog: worth more money to you.
speaker_heading: DEVEREAUX
dialog: Goodbye.
text: DEVEREAUX turns and walks into the crowded lobby leaving
text: ALAIN standing alone.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL STREET - DAY
text: Medium close shot of the Lincoln. We can't see the driver
text: immediately. As we follow the car, it hesitates; horns
text: sound and it moves ahead with a jerk.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - DAY
text: Close shot of CHARNIER at the wheel of the Lincoln, trying
text: to make out street signs and directions.
scene_heading: EXT. TRIBORO BRIDGE - DAY
text: Medium shot of the Lincoln going across the Triboro Bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. WARD'S ISLAND - DAY
text: CHARNIER's view through the windshield as he drives along
text: the new road and turns left on the old service road.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD SERVICE ROAD - WARD'S ISLAND - DAY
text: Hellgate Bridge overhead in BG. Lincoln drives along old
text: road and into abandoned garage.
scene_heading: INT. WARD'S ISLAND GARAGE - DAY
text: View from CHARNIER's POV out the window of the building.
text: Faces appear beside the car. First BOCA's, then WEINSTOCK's,
text: then LOU BOCA and two MECHANICS.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: BOCA
dialog: Keep going. Right in there.
speaker_heading: FIRST MECHANIC
text: Over there. On the right.
speaker_heading: SECOND MECHANIC
text: The clear spot.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: Medium close shot of the Lincoln. The Rocker panels are
text: open and the junk is being unloaded. CHARNIER is standing
text: by two suitcases of cash. He takes a bundle out of the
text: suitcase, riffs the deck of bills with his fingers to make
dialog: sure it's money all the way through; puts it in a separate
text: stack that will go into the rocker panels of a nearby junk
text: car. WEINSTOCK is standing next to the CHEMIST, with his
text: testing equipment. The MECHANICS are under the Lincoln and
text: passing out the kilos of heroin, BOCA is helping them. The
text: kilos are concealed in the floor boards of the old garage.
text: Close shot of CHARNIER's hands, working on the money.
text: Close shot of the CHEMIST taking a sniff, then a taste.
text: Close shot of SAL BOCA and MECHANICS continuing to unload
text: packet after packet after packet of heroin.
text: Close shot of CHARNIER as the stacks of money are loaded
text: into the car.
text: Close shot of BOCA taking a bottle of Seagram's Seven Crown
text: out of a brown paper bag.
text: CHARNIER extends his hand. WEINSTOCK takes it; they shake.
text: CHARNIER close, looking back at the car as the rocker panels
text: are restored to the Lincoln. The junk car with the money
text: secreted is removed.
text: Medium shot of SAL BOCA and CHARNIER getting in the Lincoln.
text: In the b.g. a tow truck hauls the battered junk car out to
text: await shipment.
scene_heading: EXT. WARD'S ISLAND BRIDGE - DAY
text: Long view from the bridge of the Lincoln coming toward the
text: camera over a small rise.
text: View from Lincoln, between SAL and CHARNIER, over the hood
text: of the car and to the entrance to the bridge. There is a
text: police blockade. Standing in front of it are DOYLE, RUSSO,
text: MULDERIG and PHIL KLEIN.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP CHARNIER.
text: CLOSE-UP DOYLE. He gives CHARNIER a little wave.
text: Long view of the Lincoln stopping in the middle of the
text: bridge. Zoom in on it as SAL hurriedly turns it around,
text: smashing into the side of the bridge as he does.
text: Medium shot of the Lincoln racing back across the island.
text: The Mercury roars past WEINSTOCK's car, heading toward the
dialog: bridge.
text: WEINSTOCK's car coming to a stop.
text: Close shot of the CHEMIST and WEINSTOCK in the car, turning
text: back to the island.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN - DAY
text: Close shot of CHARNIER and SAL. SAL driving, CHARNIER
text: looking out the back window. The police cars, slowly, begin
text: to gun engines and start the pursuit. The sirens begin to
text: wail.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: The Lincoln roaring into the asylum toward the camera,
text: screeching to a stop. SAL and CHARNIER leaping out. They
text: run toward Crematorium Building.
text: Medium long shot of SAL running off.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Bulls!
text: CHARNIER hesitates. Then runs into the darkness of the
dialog: Crematorium.
scene_heading: EXT. CREMATORIUM - DAY
text: Police cars screeching to a halt around the building. Some
text: circling to the back to cut it off. DOYLE, RUSSO, MULDERIG,
text: KLEIN and others getting out and running toward the entrance,
text: taken by the Lincoln.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNK GRAVEYARD - DAY
text: Close shot SAL BOCA and the two MECHANICS at the auto
text: graveyard. The MECHANICS start to run and are pursued by
text: KLEIN and TWO OTHER COPS. SAL decides to shoot it out.
text: RUSSO in pursuit.
dialog: 93.
text: After a chase around the graveyard RUSSO burns SAL who dies
text: among the wrecked cars.
text: WEINSTOCK and the CHEMIST emerge from the cars. Hands in
text: the air. They give up without a struggle.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Phil, you take that side, Bill, go
text: around the other way.
scene_heading: INT. CREMATORIUM - DAY
text: Long shot, we can see somebody running, hear his footsteps,
text: but can't tell who it is.
text: Shot of DOYLE entering.
text: Shot of DOYLE, gun in hand, going around corner of long
text: corridor, looking down it.
text: Shot of MULDERIG running down one of the corridors and into
text: a cell littered with abandoned furniture, sinks, toilets, etc.
text: Long view of the hallway. Halfway down, LOU pops out and
text: fires wildly at the camera.
text: DOYLE close, pulling back, then leaning out and blazing away
dialog: twice.
text: Long shot of LOU, staffering into the corridor and collapsing.
text: DOYLE running down the corridor leaping over LOU's body and
text: continuing to run to bisecting corridor.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - DAY
text: DOYLE comes down the stairs and into the cellar. In the
text: foreground, behind a pile of ripped-out wall and floorboards,
text: there appears to be the crouched silhouette of a man. DOYLE
dialog: exits.
text: DOYLE's view down second corridor. At far end of it a
text: figure flitting past.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Jimmy?
text: Close shot of RUSSO at the head of a flight of stairs.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: Jimmy?
text: DOYLE's P.O.V.: A shadow figure ducks into one of the rooms.
dialog: 94.
text: Close of DOYLE up against a wall.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Cover the other side -- Frog Number
text: One is down there.
text: RUSSO scrambling along the Crematorium wall.
text: DOYLE moving slowly down the opposite wall.
text: Medium shot of DOYLE approaching the end rooms. A figure
text: slips out of one of them, shrouded with shadows.
text: Close of DOYLE firing twice into the camera.
text: Close shot of the figure. It's AGENT BILL MULDERIG spinning,
text: dropping, his own service revolver clattering on the concrete.
text: Medium close shot of DOYLE standing over MULDERIG's body,
text: two or three COPS coming up, including RUSSO.
speaker_heading: RUSSO
dialog: (leaning over the body)
text: He's gone, Jimmy. Bill is dead.
text: DOYLE full figure, close. A long pause -- and then --
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: The sonofabitch is in here somewhere.
dialog: I saw him -- I'm gonna get him.
text: DOYLE exits down the corridor. The others staring after him.
scene_heading: EXT. CREMATORIUM
text: Within the building no one is visible. Overhead, the
text: Hellgate Bridge, sounds of New York, jets, auto traffic, and
text: an approaching Penn Central train.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
