dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE INSIDER
dialog: written by
scene_heading: ERIC ROTH &amp; MICHAEL MANN
speaker_heading: 11/5/99
scene_heading: NOTE: THE HARD COPY OF THIS SCRIPT CONTAINED SCENE NUMBERS
text: AND SOME "OMITTED" SLUGS. THEY HAVE BEEN REMOVED FOR THIS
speaker_heading: SOFT COPY.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: All we can see is black filling the screen... Black on
dialog: black...
scene_heading: INT. A JEEP, LEBANON - DAY
text: And we're in a speeding SOVIET JEEP... Two men in front,
text: shouldering assault rifles. HEZBOLLAH SOLDIERS... And there
text: are three MEN in the back. A middle-aged Man wearing a tired
text: suit and tinted sunglasses trying to hold on. And on either
text: side of him, two Men, blindfolded. The man on one side is in
text: his forties, hands pressed in the pockets of a well-travelled
text: black-leather jacket... A stocky man, with the edge of a
text: J.D. Salinger character, he's seen everything at least once.
text: But even he has lost some of his self-confidence, here,
text: turning his head, sensing the wind, a blast of Arabic music
text: that disappears behind him... He's LOWELL BERGMAN. On the
text: other side of the man in the tired suit is a lanky Man with a
text: voltmeter around his neck, NORMAN.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEQA'A VALLEY, BAALBEK, LEBANON - DAY
text: The Jeep races up narrow winding streets of a Lebanese
text: village. It's shadowed by a Jeep in front, and in back, each
text: carrying personnel armed with AK's and a few RPG's... And in
text: the third Jeep are two blindfolded, not very threatening
text: Lebanese soldiers. And as the speeding convoy passes a
text: captured Israeli Armored Personnel Carrier covered with
text: Arabic graffiti, looking down on them from huge murals are
text: the stern visages of the Ayatollah Khomeini, and a Hezbollah
dialog: religious leader, the Sheikh Fadlallah... And, suddenly the
text: convoy skids to a stop... And blindfolded Lowell and Norman
text: are roughly taken out, and pushed, stumbling, through the
text: cloud of dust without sight... The lanky cameraman is
text: stopped, told to wait, while Lowell is pushed past armed men
text: guarding a small stone house, and inside...
scene_heading: INT. A HOUSE IN LEBANON - DAY
text: A round-faced Man in his mid-forties, with large-framed
text: glasses, black hair and a grey-black beard, wearing a
text: dullbend, a turban, sits informally at a kitchen table...
text: It's the Sheikh Fadlallah whose face stares out at us from
text: walls. A Gunman cradling an AK-47 sits in an incongruous
text: purple armchair in a corner. A torn poster of the Seychelles
text: is on one wall. Another Gunman stands by a window. Lowell
text: is sat down in a chair at the kitchen table...
speaker_heading: THE SHEIKH
dialog: Coffee?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah... Thank you.
speaker_heading: THE SHEIKH
dialog: How have you liked your stay?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (droll)
dialog: What I've seen...I've liked.
text: The Sheikh smiles. And the smile passes as quickly as it
text: came. A steaming cup of coffee in a small Arabic demitasse
text: is put down.
speaker_heading: THE SHEIKH
dialog: Please to explain, why I should agree to
dialog: interview...with pro-Zionist American
dialog: media?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Because I think Hezbollah is trying to
text: broaden into a political party right now.
dialog: So you care about what you're thought of
dialog: in America. And in America, at this
dialog: moment in time, Hezbollah does not have a
dialog: face.
dialog: (confident)
dialog: That's why.
dialog: And we've first realized this man is not a hostage; he's come
dialog: here voluntarily.
speaker_heading: THE SHEIKH
dialog: Perhaps you prove journalism objectivity
dialog: and I see the questions first. Then I
dialog: decide if I grant the interview.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (blunt)
dialog: No. We don't do that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You've seen "60 Minutes" and Mike
dialog: Wallace. So you know our reputation for
dialog: integrity and objectivity. You also know
dialog: we are the highest-rated, most-respected,
dialog: TV-magazine news show in America.
text: The Sheikh quietly looks out his glasses at him, studying
text: him. And Lowell "closes":
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: So. Mr. Wallace. Should he get on a
dialog: plane or not?
text: The Sheikh thinks it over and then...
speaker_heading: THE SHEIKH
dialog: Tell him I will see him day after
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: That's good. That works.
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Uh, you know, I want to ask you
dialog: something...I know it sounds odd...but...
dialog: It's quiet...too quiet...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello, Sheikh...?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Hello, Sheikh...?
text: Silence. He hesitates, starts to lift his blindfold... He
text: lifts it. And he sees the Sheikh, and his gunmen, are gone.
text: The house empty. Only his Cameraman, the lanky man, left
text: there, standing by the door still in his blindfold...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Norman.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What? What?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Take your blindfold off.
text: The lanky man does and we see the cameraman is Asian-
dialog: American.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Welcome to the world.
text: Norman gives Lowell an ironic look and tests the local
text: current at an electrical outlet.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Fluctuating all over the place. Anywhere
dialog: we shoot, here, it's gonna be portable
dialog: gennies and we'll run cable...
text: Lowell nods and opens the curtains from this commanding
text: height. Baalbek and the Beqa'a Valley below gold-domed
text: mosques. A moment of triumph. He dials his cell phone...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mike, it's me. We're on...
text: AND WE HEAR PEOPLE LAUGHING AND ENCOURAGING "GO AHEAD...
dialog: OPEN IT..."
scene_heading: INT. A LABORATORY, BROWN &amp; WILLIAMSON, LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: We're in a SCIENCE LABORATORY... OUT OF FOCUS LAB
text: TECHNICIANS, in white lab coats, celebrating a heavyset Black
text: woman's birthday... Half her presents are opened. Balloons,
text: incongruous, floating above the lab... And there's a sense
text: that somebody is watching... And from the waist up, a
text: disembodied figure comes into FOCUS behind a glass partition,
text: as if quarantined, isolated, an expressionless MAN in his
text: late forties, watching them...
scene_heading: INT. JEFFREY WIGAND'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The office soundproofed, he watches the people laughing,
text: their lips moving. His hair not yet settled on grey, his
text: face is changing, always interesting. Born in the Bronx,
text: educated in Upstate New York, he retains little of the accent
text: and much of the directness. He's JEFFREY WIGAND. He turns
text: to resume gathering things from his desk...some technical
dialog: books, a medical text on asthma...putting them in his
text: briefcase. And as he leaves the office, the silent party
text: like a bizarre mime behind him...
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, BROWN &amp; WILLIAMSON BUILDING - DAY
text: Briefcase in hand, Jeffrey appears from the elevator from
text: ABOVE, from WIDE and in FRONT, his eyes, frozen pools... And
text: like a bad dream, a broad-shouldered Man, leaning against the
text: wall near the reception island in a suit he's not comfortable
text: in, wearing an earphone, saying something into a lapel
text: microphone after Jeffrey's passed.
scene_heading: INT. WIGAND'S CAR, LOUSIVILLE - DAY
text: Light mottled through trees reflects off the car window...
text: Jeffrey's face goes in and out of the tunnel of light and
dialog: shadow...down this tasteful, suburban Louisville street of
text: neat houses and manicured lawns... He pulls into driveway
text: behind a 3 series BMW. It's a grey French provincial
dialog: replica...
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE, FOYER - DAY
text: Jeffrey comes in and a young Girl, six, is watching
text: television in the den...BARBARA.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Hi, honey.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Hi, Daddy.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: What's new?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Ms. Laufer gave me a star today.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Yeah? What for?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: For reading.
text: He pours himself a drink at a wet bar.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: That's great... Little early for
dialog: cartoons, isn't it?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Okay.
text: Dutiful, she shuts off the TV, going upstairs.
speaker_heading: BARBARA (cont'd)
dialog: Deborah? Debbie?
text: He looks outside. A Woman is sitting on the back porch
text: drinking wine, reading a paperback book, drinking wine.
text: There's something like a Hockney painting about her against
text: the manicured lawns. Right now the Woman comes in. She's
dialog: pretty, tall, languid, reserved, somebody it would be nice to
dialog: wear on your arm. LIANE WIGAND. She has an odd delay
text: between a thought and her speech...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Oh, I didn't know you were home... It's
dialog: early... Isn't it?
text: He doesn't say anything...
speaker_heading: LIANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Gotta take Debbie to ballet...
text: And it all feels suburban, familiar. Suddenly there's a
dialog: shout...
speaker_heading: BARBARA'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Mommy!
text: Jeffrey goes quickly up the stairs into...
scene_heading: INT. WIGAND'S HOUSE - DEBORAH'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: And a little girl, eight, sitting on the floor in a ballet
text: leotard, her head back, wheezing, her neck muscles
text: contracting and bulging, her face pale, lips white, and her
text: eyes filled with fear as rapid, shallow breathing induces a
text: sense of suffocation. DEBORAH WIGAND is having a severe
dialog: asthmatic attack...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Sweetheart, c'mon. C'mon.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: She was playing with my Pooh doll
dialog: again...
text: Jeffrey sits her on the side of her bed next to which is a
text: Nebulizer, an air compressor to deliver medication via a tube
text: into a circular mouthpiece.
text: The compressor whirs. Deborah breathes in the medication.
text: Jeffrey brushes the hair back from her face and wipes
text: perspiration from her forehead as...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Slow down. Slow down. Slow down.
dialog: Breathe deep. Breathe deep. Slow down,
dialog: honey. Slow down. Slow down.
text: Liane rushes in with rolled-up towels, kneels in front of
text: Deborah, smiling to mask anxiety, and goes into the bathroom
text: with the towels and turns on full blast the bathtub's hot
dialog: water. We don't know why yet...
text: Deborah's chest heaves. She's scared. Jeffrey gets in front
text: of her and talks to her to arrest her attention.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (cont'd)
dialog: Here we go. Deep breaths, deep breaths.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
text: She was playing with the Pooh doll.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Pooh's dusty, sweetheart...he's dusty,
dialog: and you breathed him in, okay? So what's
dialog: - what's happening to you now is... cells
dialog: called mast cells told your lungs "don't
dialog: breathe any more of that dust in."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...and the airways in your lungs are like
text: branches. And when the branches close
dialog: up, you get an asthmatic attack. And, we
dialog: give you medicine, and you get better.
dialog: Huh? Okay? You're better already,
dialog: aren't you?
text: And the medication's taking effect and she's calmer.
text: Liane, hands clutched in her lap, smiles at Deborah. Now she
text: takes Deborah's hand and exchanges a look with Jeffrey.
dialog: Jeffrey's a good father, a natural caregiver.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (cont'd)
dialog: Okay, baby?
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE, LOUISVILLE - EVENING
text: Jeffrey, Liane and the two Girls silently eating dinner,
text: Deborah in a bathrobe.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Can I go to dance tomorrow? I'm
dialog: better...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: ...if you are, then I'll take Barbara to
dialog: soccer and take you to dance after...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I can take her.
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Don't you have to be at the office?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (instead, getting up)
dialog: Is there any more rice...?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yes, it's on the stove...
text: He goes into the kitchen, to the stove, seeing...
speaker_heading: LIANE (cont'd)
dialog: Do you want more rice?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Maybe later.
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: How about you?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I'll take some.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Instant rice...?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Can I go over to Janeane's house?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: I'm sorry, darling, have you seen my
dialog: coffee mug...?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Try the car.
dialog: And Liane going outside...
scene_heading: EXT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE - EVENING
text: She opens Jeffrey's car looking in the front seat at the cup
text: holders. She turns to leave and sees the backseat filled
dialog: with two boxes and the books we saw him take...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Uh, what are those boxes?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I'm going to the store. You need
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: What do you need at the store?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Soy sauce...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Right now?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (meaning in the car)
dialog: That's my stuff from the office...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Why did you take your stuff from the
dialog: office?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I didn't want to leave it there...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: I got fired this morning... Where else
dialog: am I gonna take it?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Why? Who said?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (specifically)
dialog: Thomas Sandefur...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: (stunned, fearful)
dialog: What are we supposed to do...? What
dialog: about our medical coverage; what about
dialog: our health? What about our car payments?
dialog: The payments on this house?
text: He looks at her. There's an unspoken moment when it seems
text: he's desperate for her to ask how he's feeling... But she
text: doesn't and now there's a wall up and the moment passes...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (a beat, specific)
dialog: There's a severance agreement... It
dialog: includes cash payouts over time and
dialog: continuing medical coverage...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sure you don't need anything?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: No, thank you.
text: She's stunned. He leaves. And as Liane's completely still,
text: her accessories seeming literally to weigh her down, she
text: wants to ask how he is, how he must be feeling, and she turns
text: into CAMERA towards him to do that. But he's driven off down
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: LIANE (cont'd)
dialog: Jeffrey...!
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER HOUSE IN BAALBEK - DAY
text: The Sheikh, wearing a fresh white robe and skull cap, comes
dialog: into the room...
speaker_heading: THE SHEIKH
dialog: I am very pleased to receive you as my
dialog: guest, Mr. Wallace.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Thank you for having us...
text: REVERSE: Norman's camera crew is setting up. MIKE WALLACE
text: is there. A dangerous combination of intelligence,
dialog: arrogance, and celebrity, there's a kinetic quality about
dialog: him.
text: Wallace sits across from the Sheikh on a dais of patterned
text: linoleum in incongruous armchairs against a wallpaper mural
text: of a French formal garden. A Sound Technician wires the
text: Sheikh and Mike with microphones. Norman says something to
text: Lowell and then goes out.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I think I've got a problem with the
dialog: gennie. I have to go outside.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (going outside)
dialog: Norman...?
text: Mike turns his chair to face and slides it closer to the
text: Sheikh's chair. The Head Bodyguard barks something in
text: Arabic. The Interpreter says something back in Arabic. The
text: Sheikh, absorbed in his notes for the upcoming interview,
text: ignores all of this.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: He says you must not sit so close.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: What?
dialog: (re: Bodyguard)
dialog: I can't conduct an interview from back
dialog: there.
text: The Bodyguard, bristling at Wallace's tone, barks more
dialog: confrontational Arabic.
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: You must move back your chair.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Will you tell him that when I conduct an
dialog: interview, I sit anywhere I damn please!
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: There is no interview.
text: As Mike leaps forward, moving inches from the Bodyguard's
text: face with such sudden ferocity, even the Bodyguard flinches.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: You! I'm talking to you!
text: More armed men start to enter.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (cont'd)
dialog: What the hell do you think I am? A 78-
dialog: year-old assassin? You think I'm gonna
dialog: karate him to death with this notepad?
dialog: (to Interpreter)
dialog: Are you interpreting what I'm saying?
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: We're there.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Good, well ask him if Arabic is his
dialog: second language.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (to Interpreter)
dialog: Don't interpret that!
dialog: (to both)
dialog: Hold it. Hold it. Hold it! Slow,
dialog: slow!!
dialog: (to the Sheikh)
dialog: Sheikh, do you mind...if you would just
dialog: turn your chair a little bit to face Mr.
dialog: Wallace?
text: The Sheikh looks up from his notes, nods, fixes his chair,
text: goes back to his notes...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Is that okay?
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (Bodyguard assents; to Mike)
dialog: Are you ready? Or you want to keep
dialog: fucking around and warm up some more...?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: No.
dialog: (wry)
dialog: ...that's got my heart started.
text: They know each other well. Lowell smiles. Wallace sits
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Alright, Todd, give me the three-button
dialog: on Mike, please. Okay. We are rolling.
dialog: Okay, Mike.
text: They roll camera... "60 Minutes"... "Hezbollah"...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (charming)
dialog: Sheikh Fadlallah, thank you so much for
dialog: seeing us.
dialog: (changes)
dialog: Are you a terrorist?
dialog: The Sheikh didn't expect the Mike Wallace opening shot
text: between the eyes. He recovers...
speaker_heading: THE SHEIKH
dialog: Mr. Wallace, I...am a servant of God.
dialog: That expression of incredulity...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: A servant of God? Really...
text: Mike, tipping his glasses down while the hostile Gunmen,
text: cradling weapons, watch him through the doorway...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (CONT'D)
dialog: Americans believe that you, as an Islamic
dialog: fundamentalist, that you are a leader who
dialog: contributed to the bombing of the U.S.
dialog: Embassy.
dialog: The ballsiness of Wallace, asking these questions in this
dialog: place, is impressive...
scene_heading: EXT. BERKELEY - LATE MORNING
text: It's still. A MAIL TRUCK is stopped at an odd angle in the
text: street outside an older brick house with a bold redwood Big
text: Sur-like fence on a hillside. Beyond the truck is a forever
text: view of the Bay. A handle turns. Mail truck door opens.
text: Mailman, carrying a box, going through the gate. Doorstep.
text: Box is deposited there. It's quiet again. The BOX sitting
text: nakedly by the front door...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S HOUSE, BEDROOM, BERKELEY - LATE MORNING
text: Lowell, in sweat pants and an old tee shirt now, is on the
text: telephone, still in bed... Newspapers, <i>The New York Times,
dialog: The Wall Street Journal, San Francisco Chronicle</i>, are spread
text: all over...home as refuge. A tray with large cups of coffee
text: is on a side table.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: ...everyone thinks Canadian Mounties
dialog: ride horses and rescue ladies from
dialog: rapids, Mike. They backed locals in Oka
text: in a fight with Mohawks over building a
text: golf course on their burial site. They
text: beat up protesters at Kanasake...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Where'd you hear that?
text: The other phone on a nightstand rings... A Woman in her
text: forties, SHARON TILLER, enters, in a bathrobe, brushing her
text: teeth. She answers it...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: (droll)
dialog: Oh, someone took a poll? "Are all things
dialog: Canadian boring...?"
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (to Lowell)
dialog: It's Stuart...he's in Mexico City...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Let me call you back...
text: He takes up the line...listening...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, Stuart... What New York bank?
text: A young Man in his early twenties wanders in...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey Dad...Sharon...
text: Lowell waves at JAKE, his son.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (to Jake)
dialog: No classes this morning?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Will he go on-camera and talk about the
dialog: Mexico City branch?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I don't have to be there until ten-
dialog: thirty.
text: Lowell's son sits on the bed looking at part of a newspaper.
text: And another young Man, in his early twenties, with long hair
text: comes strolling in, Sharon's son, JOSIAH.
speaker_heading: JOSIAH
dialog: Hi Mom, Lowell...
text: Lowell, still on the phone, waves to him.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Hi, sweetheart...
text: Josiah sits on the bed too, reading the back of the sports
text: section Jake is reading... Another line rings, Sharon
text: getting it. The Boys, used to them, get up, and leave...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Will independent sources corroborate
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Hello? Yeah...
scene_heading: EXT. THE BERKELEY HOUSE - MORNING
text: The Boys coming out of the house together... And seeing the
text: BOX by the door...
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S SON
dialog: (shouts back inside)
dialog: Dad, you got a box out here...
text: And they go out the gate, talking, walking off along the
text: Berkeley street. The box left waiting by the door.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (looking at her itinerary)
dialog: Let me see this... No, 'cause I gotta
dialog: know where you're going at all times.
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S HOUSE, BEDROOM, BERKELEY - MORNING
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I can't... I've got to fly to Boston
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Lowell comes with the box back to bed. He's already
text: unwrapped it. Inside are stacks of papers... He looks at
text: the box cover. No return address. An anonymous sender; not
text: unusual for him. He casually looks through the papers.
speaker_heading: SHARON (CONT'D)
dialog: Two p.m. Great. Bye-bye.
dialog: (hangs up)
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ..."ignition propensity?"
dialog: (to Sharon)
dialog: ...you understand any of this...?
dialog: He gives her some papers. We see formulas...scientific data
dialog: in tables...
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: ...no...this looks like a table of
dialog: temperatures... Who's this from?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: ...it's anonymous. References to "P.M."
dialog: (motions)
dialog: It's got to be Philip Morris, huh?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I have to take a shower.
text: As he looks at the papers, Sharon goes into the bathroom...
scene_heading: INT. THE FEDERAL DRUG ADMINISTRATION AGENCY, CAFETERIA,
scene_heading: WASHINGTON - DAY
text: We see a MAN in his forties, eating a late lunch, getting
text: paged in a crowded cafeteria. An old 1930's WPA mural on the
text: wall... His pager goes off...
text: Doug Oliver walks across the cafeteria to a bank of pay
text: phones and dials.
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S HOUSE, DEN - BERKELEY - MORNING
text: The phone rings. Lowell picks it up...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DOUG OLIVER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi, this is Doug Oliver...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Oh, hi, Doug...it's Lowell. I'm doing
dialog: this story on fire safety... People
text: burning up from falling asleep smoking.
dialog: I received a shitload of scientific
text: papers from inside Philip Morris...
dialog: Anonymous. You or anybody in FDA know
dialog: someone who can translate this stuff into
dialog: English for me?
speaker_heading: DOUG OLIVER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...uh, yeah...
scene_heading: EXT. A BERKELEY CAFE - CLOSE: PAY PHONE
text: There's the sound of a phone ringing. PULL BACK to reveal
text: Lowell outside a cafe with dry cleaning he collected over one
text: shoulder. A LITTLE GIRL'S VOICE OVER (Deborah's) answers.
dialog: "Hello."
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Mr. Wigand, please.
text: There's a whisper..."Someone's calling for Daddy, Mom."
text: Behind Lowell is a humming Berkeley street. He gestures
text: familiarly to a Server, who brings out his two take-out
text: cappuccinos. Lowell nods his thanks, pays...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you, Bob.
speaker_heading: LIANE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Who's calling?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: My name's Lowell Bergman... I'm --
speaker_heading: LIANE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Did you say Berman?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
scene_heading: No, Bergman...B.E.R.G.M.A.N.... I'm a
dialog: producer with "60 Minutes"...
speaker_heading: LIANE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: "60 Minutes"?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LIANE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: "60 Minutes," the television show?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yes.
text: Lowell waits for some moments, and...
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE, LOUISVILLE - DAY
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: He doesn't want to talk to you.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BERKELEY CAFE - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: How does he know he doesn't want to talk
dialog: to me? He doesn't know what I'm calling
dialog: him about...
speaker_heading: LIANE'S VOICE (OVER)
text: He doesn't care to know.
text: And she hangs up. Lowell's motionless... And his interest
text: piqued, he sets down his cleaning. He calls back... The
text: phone rings and rings... A MACHINE picks it up... Jeffrey
dialog: Wigand's Voice: "This is the Wigands'... If you'd like to
dialog: leave a message or send a fax, start now..."
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGAND HOUSE, JEFFREY'S OFFICE, LOUISVILLE - DAY
text: And we see Jeffrey Wigand, sitting at his desk in his office,
text: working on his computer, hearing Lowell...
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (on the machine)
dialog: This is Lowell Bergman with "60
dialog: Minutes"... I'm doing a story on fire
dialog: safety and cigarettes... I have
dialog: scientific documents from a tobacco
dialog: company, and I could use your help as a
dialog: consultant explaining these documents to
dialog: me... My number is area code 510-555-
dialog: 0199... I'll be there, at this number,
dialog: in 10 minutes.
text: He hangs up. Jeffrey doesn't react, quietly working on his
dialog: computer.
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S OFFICE, BERKELEY - DAY
text: Lowell's restless, waiting... And not getting a call back,
text: he tries another tact. He writes a FAX, "Please call me
text: at..." He writes his number down. He sends the Fax. He's
text: still. It's quiet. And not getting an answer he gets up,
text: starting to leave the room. And suddenly the fax machine
text: RINGS... He turns. He reads a message emerging from the
text: machine..."I can't talk to you..." He's quiet. He writes on
dialog: a piece of paper..."Can't talk to me?" "Won't talk to me?"
text: "Don't want to talk to me...?" As he faxes it back...
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE, OFFICE, LOUISVILLE - DAY
text: Wigand reading the return fax from Lowell...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S OFFICE, BERKELEY - DAY
text: Lowell, waiting... The fax machine rings again... He reads
text: Jeffrey's answer. "Can't." "Won't." "Don't want to..."
text: He's quiet, more than just interested, now. There's
text: something beyond intriguing here. He turns. He looks
text: through a stack of phone books for something...a nationwide
text: 800 directory. He looks through it and dials Wigand's phone
dialog: number again...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: If you're curious to meet me...
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' HOUSE, OFFICE, LOUISVILLE - DAY
text: Wigand working on his computer... Lowell's VOICE on his
dialog: answering machine...
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (on machine)
dialog: ...I'm gonna be in the lobby of the
dialog: Seelbach Hotel in Louisville, reading <i>The
dialog: New York Times</i>, tomorrow, at five
dialog: o'clock...
text: Lowell clicks off. And as Wigand sits at his computer,
dialog: giving no indication what he might do...
scene_heading: INT. THE SEELBACH HOTEL LOBBY, LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY - EARLY
speaker_heading: EVENING
text: An old hotel with faded carpets. Lowell in the lobby reading
text: a <i>New York Times</i>, waiting... And instead of looking up every
text: time somebody passes, he looks down at people's shoes. A
text: pair of black wing tips walking by... A woman's high
text: heels... A pair of men's tasseled loafers. A lace-up brown.
text: A pair of tennis shoes. A cordovan wing tip. The pair of
text: tasseled loafers walking by again... And Lowell looks up...
text: And the Man in the tasseled loafers, turns away... It's
text: Jeffrey Wigand in a suit and a tie with a Fortune 500,
text: corporate-executive bearing... Lowell crosses to the
text: elevators. Wigand looks around the lobby and follows Lowell
text: in, and as the doors close...
scene_heading: INT. A HOTEL ROOM, LOUISVILLE - EARLY EVENING
speaker_heading: LOWELL (OVER)
dialog: Have you always lived in Louisville?
text: Brilliant late afternoon sunlight. We PULL BACK to see
text: Jeffrey, standing by a window, silently looking outside to
text: the left... Lowell, cool, waiting, hands in his pockets, in
text: the middle of the large room...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Mr. Bergman? What did you want me to
dialog: consult about?
text: A sudden KNOCK on the door...
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (turns, suspicious)
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (wry)
dialog: That's room service. They usually knock
dialog: first.
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Come on in... Over here, please.
text: Room Service brings in a tray with coffee. As Lowell signs
text: the bill, the Room Service Waiter waiting, looks at Wigand...
text: Their eyes meet... The Waiter looks away.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: And the Waiter leaves...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (pouring)
dialog: How do you like your coffee? Black?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Black, black...
text: Lowell gives him his cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I really don't have that much
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Is there anything you want to know about
dialog: me, Mr. Wigand...?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Like what? Your sign?
text: Lowell smiles.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: I know what I have to know.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Just so I know you know, when I talk to
dialog: people in confidence, it stays that way.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: How did a radical journalist from
dialog: Ramparts Magazine end up at CBS?
text: Lowell looks at him, he does his homework...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I still do the tough stories. "60
dialog: Minutes" reaches a lot of people.
text: Wigand's quiet, measuring him.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Let me see the documents...
text: Lowell gives him the box of papers... Wigand sits down, the
text: box on his lap, quietly looking through them...flips to a
text: different heading, consults a chart...
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: ...this is a Fire-Safety Product Study
dialog: for Philip Morris. Burn rates...ignition
dialog: propensity...things of this nature.
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I could very easily explain this to you
dialog: in layman's terms, because it's from
dialog: another company...
text: He puts the papers down...
speaker_heading: WIGAND (cont'd)
dialog: ...but that's as far as I go...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Far as you go where?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: This issue is a drop in the bucket. I
dialog: can talk to you about what's in here.
dialog: But I can't talk to you about anything
dialog: else.
dialog: And Lowell knows something else is going on here...
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (meaning Philip Morris
dialog: documents)
dialog: I signed a confidentiality agreement. I
dialog: honor agreements...
dialog: A lot more is going on here... Lowell nods, a good
dialog: reporter...
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Doesn't CBS have confidentiality
dialog: agreements, Mr. Bergman?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Between journalists and management, yes,
dialog: I believe they do...but I don't take that
dialog: seriously.
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Where do you work?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Did work.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (fast)
dialog: Did work.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (the bottom line)
dialog: How much would I get paid?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: That, you have to discuss with CBS
dialog: Business Affairs. But, for something
dialog: like this, I would say anywhere between
dialog: 10, 12 thousand.
dialog: Wigand nods "Okay."
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Should I just take the documents now?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: If you want to do it.
text: He turns to leave... Lowell gets the door for him... Wigand
text: momentarily slows...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I worked as the head of Research and
dialog: Development for Brown &amp; Williamson
dialog: Tobacco Company. I was a Corporate Vice
dialog: President. Mr. Bergman...
text: And he goes out the door... Lowell's still. Wigand's job
text: title resonates. Lowell turns to the window, casually
text: looking into the early evening...and he comes face to face
text: with what Wigand was staring at, The Brown &amp; Williamson
text: Tobacco Company Headquarters Building, lit up right across
dialog: the street...
scene_heading: INT. CBS, A SCREENING ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: "President Assad of Syria said that
dialog: difficult obstacles remain but that his
dialog: country, quote, 'looks forward to a
dialog: great, long peace with Israel.'"
text: TAIL LEADER. THEN BLACK. Suddenly lights come on.
text: Executive Producer DON HEWITT is suddenly on his feet. A
text: veritable dervish, in constant motion...
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: (kissing Mike)
dialog: It's a Peabody, Mike. When you're dead
dialog: and buried, Hezbollah is the one they're
dialog: gonna remember you for...
text: Mike, used to him, ignores him, getting up, turning to leave,
text: Hewitt on his tail...while...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (to his Editor)
dialog: ...come in earlier on Mike's Marine
text: barracks line when he's talking to Sheikh
dialog: Mussawi...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: You eating with us?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Bring a tie so they'll let us in the
dialog: front door...
text: And Lowell gestures for an olive-skinned Woman in her late
text: thirties, Lowell's assistant, DEBBIE DELUCA, to join them.
text: The eye contact on the way out says there's something
dialog: important he needs to tell her...
scene_heading: EXT. CBS - DAY
text: There's a blast of NOISE. The City. Lowell, Wallace,
text: Hewitt, Debbie, enter from the CBS lobby, moving through the
text: reflections. Lowell is about to say something to Debbie, but
text: BILL FELLING, Evening News' Assignment Editor, coming the
dialog: other way...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Debbie...
speaker_heading: FELLING
dialog: Hey, Lowell.
dialog: Midstream, fast:
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Oh, Bill... Main Justice is
text: investigating a major New York bank.
text: Laundering narco dollars out of their
dialog: Mexico City branch. You want it for the
dialog: Evening News?
speaker_heading: FELLING
dialog: What about you, you got a crew already?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I'm gonna do a follow-up.
speaker_heading: FELLING
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (leaves)
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Catch ya' later.
scene_heading: EXT. 53RD STREET, NEW YORK - DAY
dialog: Lowell, crossing...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Debbie...
text: And, now, as they cross Madison...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Debbie; finally)
dialog: I want you to get legal onto CORPORATE
scene_heading: CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS. Boundaries
dialog: of their constraint. Kentucky state law
dialog: about. I want you to drop everything.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: (cuts in)
dialog: Okay.
text: Hewitt stops to buy a newspaper. He doesn't have change,
dialog: Debbie does.
scene_heading: EXT. 55TH STREET (WESTBOUND), NEW YORK - DAY
text: And Mike, Lowell and Don bang into Michael's restaurant. We
text: SEE them through the glass, being greeted, people shaking
text: their hands, escorted by the maitre d' to their table as...
scene_heading: INT. THE BROWN &amp; WILLIAMSON BUILDING, MAIN LOBBY,
scene_heading: LOUISVILLE - DAY
text: Meanwhile, it's static. Still, frozen. Jeffrey sits in the
dialog: RECEPTION AREA of The Brown &amp; Williamson Tobacco Company
text: headquarters. Complimentary cigarettes are arranged on
text: tables. A dark quiet. The hush of big business. Standing
text: in the background by a wall next to the banks of elevators,
text: is an ever-present Man, another one, with an earphone and
dialog: lapel microphone...
scene_heading: UNIFORMED SECURITY
dialog: (to Wigand)
dialog: Mr. Wigand, you can go up now...
text: He gets up, crossing to an elevator.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS SANDEFUR'S OFFICE, BROWN &amp; WILLIAMSON - DAY
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
dialog: (re: his distraction)
dialog: Sorry. I'm accepting an award from the
dialog: Retinitis Pigmentosa Foundation. It's
dialog: going to kill the rest of my day.
text: THOMAS SANDEFUR is absorbed in spreadsheets of regional sales
text: figures. Dark pouches are under his eyes. He doesn't look
text: up. He doesn't look healthy. We're in a luxurious office
text: with a view of Louisville. Jeffrey is waiting in a chair.
text: Sandefur is Brown &amp; Williamson's CEO. Two LAWYERS, their
text: briefcases, like weapons, close at hand, sit on a couch.
text: Their jackets are off. They wear expensive shirts.
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR (cont'd)
dialog: (finishing; looking up at
dialog: Jeffrey)
dialog: So. You had a chance to play golf?
text: Surprisingly affable, Sandefur prides himself on his
text: salesman's sunny manners. He has a mellifluous Georgia
dialog: accent...
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the Lawyers)
dialog: Jeff's a premiere golfer... What are
dialog: you, a two handicap?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (precise)
dialog: Seven...
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
dialog: (to lawyer)
dialog: And, he gets out there and he has five
dialog: strokes on us. He has more concentration
dialog: than anybody I've ever met. It's spooky
dialog: how he can concentrate.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I'd rather play than talk about it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What did you want to see me about? I
dialog: don't like being back here.
text: Sandefur smiles, used to him.
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
text: Jeffrey says exactly what's on his mind.
dialog: Most people consider what they're
dialog: saying...social skills... Jeffrey just
text: charges right ahead.
dialog: (smiles, after a beat)
dialog: Now, I know you understood the nature of
dialog: the confidentiality portion of your
dialog: severance agreement with Brown &amp;
dialog: Williamson, Jeff...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Chapter and verse.
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yeah, I know you do...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, I came up through sales. One
dialog: of the reasons I was a great salesman,
dialog: was I never made a promise I couldn't
dialog: keep.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I knew that if I ever broke my promise
dialog: I'd suffer the consequence...
dialog: And there's a warning behind it...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (contained)
dialog: Is that a threat?
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
dialog: ...we worked together for, what was it,
dialog: three years...?
dialog: Now, the work we did here is
dialog: confidential, not for public
dialog: scrutiny...any more than are one's family
dialog: matters...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You threatening my family, now, too?
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
dialog: Now, don't be paranoid, Jeff.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: About the direction of research here, we
dialog: may have had our differences of
dialog: opinion...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: "Research..."
dialog: (smile + scorn)
dialog: You declare, as a badge of honor, you
dialog: don't even know what makes water boil...
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
dialog: That's why we hire scientists...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (interrupts, direct)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (a beat, honest)
dialog: I don't believe you can maintain
dialog: corporate integrity without
dialog: confidentiality agreements. I was paid
dialog: well for my work. The health and welfare
dialog: benefits are good. The severance package
dialog: is fair. I have no intention of
dialog: violating my confidentiality agreement
dialog: and disclosing that which I said I
dialog: wouldn't.
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
dialog: I appreciate all that, Jeff. But, upon
dialog: reflection...we've decided to expand our
dialog: zone of comfort with you.
text: And there's a seriousness that weighs heavily on the room...
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR (CONT'D)
dialog: So we've drafted a supplement to your
dialog: agreement...it broadly defines and
dialog: expands in more detail what is
dialog: "confidential." Nobody will be able to
dialog: say, "Well, hell's bells, Margaret, I
dialog: didn't know that was a secret..."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We're very serious about protecting our
dialog: interests.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We'd like you to sign it.
text: And he's acutely aware of the threat behind it...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And if I don't?
speaker_heading: A LAWYER
dialog: (speaking for Sandefur)
dialog: If we "arrive" at the conclusion you're
dialog: acting in bad faith? We would terminate,
dialog: right now, payouts under your severance
dialog: package. You and your family's medical
dialog: benefits. And initiate litigation
dialog: against you, Mr. Wigand.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Dr. Wigand.
speaker_heading: A LAWYER
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Dr. Wigand...after you've examined the
dialog: document, you will see it is in your own
dialog: best interest and you'll sign it.
text: Jeffrey slowly turns to face the attorney. And we see on his
dialog: face the true nature of this man.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: So, what you are saying is: it isn't
dialog: enough that you fired me. For no good
dialog: reason! Now you question my integrity?
dialog: On top of the humiliation of being fired?
dialog: You threaten me?! You threaten my
dialog: family?!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It never crossed my mind not to honor my
dialog: agreement...
dialog: (turning, to Sandefur)
dialog: But I will tell you, Mr. Sandefur, and
dialog: Brown &amp; Williamson, too... Fuck me?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Well, fuck you!!
text: And with that he gets up, and leaves... And it's quiet...
speaker_heading: A LAWYER
dialog: I'm not sure he got the message...
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
dialog: (with total confidence)
dialog: Oh, I think he did.
scene_heading: EXT. A PHONE BOOTH, LOUISVILLE - DAY
text: Wigand picks up the phone and dials.
scene_heading: INT. THE NEW YORK RESTAURANT - DAY
text: They've finished lunch. Wallace and Hewitt are turned to
text: talk to Sam Cohn and an older writer as suddenly Lowell's
text: cell phone rings.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (answering)
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: WIGAND'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: ...you fucked me!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Who is this?
scene_heading: EXT. A PHONE BOOTH, LOUISVILLE - DAY
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (crazed)
dialog: ...protect your sources...! You screwed
dialog: me! You sold me out!
scene_heading: INT. THE NEW YORK RESTAURANT - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What are you talking about? Where are
dialog: you?
scene_heading: EXT. THE PHONE BOOTH, LOUISVILLE - DAY
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Fuck you, too!
text: And he slams down the phone.
scene_heading: INT. THE RESTAURANT, NEW YORK - DAY
text: Lowell, holding the dead phone in his hand...
scene_heading: EXT. A GOLF DRIVING RANGE, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: We see a brightly lit, golf driving range, empty, the wet
text: grass under the lights vibrant, emerald green... A caged
text: cart, with one big yellow headlight, like some kind of
text: strange insect, drives across the range, picking up golf
text: balls. And we see Jeffrey hitting golf balls, driving one
text: after another, after another... His swing is powerful,
text: angry, a lone golfer, trying to chill out. He pauses, spent.
text: Settling down, he exhales. Then, he looks down the way...
text: And he slows... He sees in the far distance, spot-lit, one
text: other lone golfer, a Stocky Man, incongruously in a suit and
text: tie, watching him... And the Man in the suit right then,
dialog: with great power and a tremendous follow through drives a
text: golf ball... The ball slamming into the steel net. And the
text: lights SUDDENLY go out. The range closing for the night.
text: The "insect" comes to a stop. And it's quiet, dark. Jeffrey
text: gathers up his clubs. He crosses, his golf shoes, the metal
text: cleats, clicking on the pavement, toward the PARKING LOT.
text: And there's the sound of the clicking of golf shoes behind
text: him. He turns. And the stocky Man in the suit, carrying a
text: golf bag walking some distance behind him, staring at him.
text: Jeffrey comes to the parking lot. It's empty. Just
text: Jeffrey's car, and despite all the empty spaces, another car,
text: purposely or otherwise, parked right next to his. He crosses
text: to his car, getting in...
scene_heading: INT. WIGAND'S CAR - NIGHT
text: He drops the three clubs in the rear seat and settles behind
text: the wheel. He turns. And he sees the Man in the suit has
text: gotten in the car next to his. They look at each other. The
text: Man, in no hurry, lights a cigarette, relaxes. It's
text: malevolent as hell. And Jeffrey, suddenly, grabbing a golf
text: club, jumps out of his car...
scene_heading: EXT. THE PARKING LOT, DRIVING RANGE, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: Golf club in hand at the driver side window...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (motioning with the club,
dialog: threatening)
dialog: Stay away from me! You stay away from
dialog: me!
text: The Man starts his car, and drives off nonplussed. It's
text: still. And as Jeffrey with the golf club stands in the empty
text: parking lot, not knowing what's threatening him, something
dialog: real, something imaginary...
scene_heading: EXT. THE WIGAND HOUSE, LOUISVILLE - WIDE SHOT: WIGANDS'
scene_heading: HOUSE - EARLY MORNING
text: A violent rain's falling. And we see Jeffrey coming out of
text: the house holding an umbrella over his little Girls. They
text: start towards the car. There's the sound of a car door
text: shutting. Liane, carrying lunch boxes, comes after them...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Jeffrey, you forgot their lunches --
text: She slows, seeing someone. Jeffrey turns: it's Lowell.
text: He's surprised.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Mrs. Wigand, how do you do?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (to the girls, protectively)
dialog: Jump in, quick, c'mon...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I'm Lowell Bergman. We spoke on the
dialog: phone, remember?
text: The Girls climb in the car. Lowell crosses behind the Audi
text: around the far side.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mere. I want to talk to you.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Good. I want to talk to you.
text: Jeff closes the door on his daughters and joins Lowell around
text: the far side of the car.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (confronting him)
dialog: What do...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (running over)
dialog: I did not burn you. I did not give you
dialog: up to anyone!
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: This is my house... In front of my wife,
dialog: my kids?! What business do we have?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: To straighten something out with you.
dialog: Right here. Right now.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: So, you didn't mention my name? You
dialog: haven't talked to anybody about me?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Why am I gonna mention your name?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: How did Brown &amp; Williamson know I spoke
dialog: to you...?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: How the hell do I know about Brown &amp;
dialog: Williamson?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: It happened after I talked to you. I do
dialog: not like coincidences!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: And I don't like paranoid accusations!
dialog: I'm a journalist. Think. Use your head.
dialog: How do I operate as a journalist by
dialog: screwing the people who could provide me
dialog: with information before they provided me
dialog: with it?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: You came all the way down here to tell me
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No. I did not. Big Tobacco is a big
dialog: story. And you got something important
dialog: to say. I can tell.
dialog: (a beat, personal)
dialog: But, yes. I did.
dialog: I came all the way down here to tell you:
dialog: story, no story, fuck your story, I don't
dialog: burn people.
text: It starts to rain harder. They look at each other. Jeffrey,
text: without saying a word, gets in the Car. He backs out.
text: Lowell, left standing in the driveway with Liane in the rain.
text: Liane goes back into the house. And Lowell starts back
text: across the street to his car. There's a sound. He turns.
text: Jeffrey's car, having gone around the corner, has come back
text: and stopped in the street.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Ride with me while I take the girls to
dialog: school...
text: Lowell hesitates, then gets into the car in the back seat.
scene_heading: INT. WIGAND'S CAR - MORNING
text: They drive away. Lowell, incongruously sitting in the back
text: seat with Barbara. Jeffrey and Deborah in the front seat.
text: And it's quiet, just the sound of the wipers on the window.
text: And as Lowell rides with them...
scene_heading: EXT. A RIVERSIDE PARKING LOT IN LOUISVILLE - WIDE REAR SHOT
speaker_heading: - MORNING
text: We see the Car's parked in a weed-strewn empty lot. Rain,
text: pounding on it and the surface of the river beyond...
speaker_heading: WIGAND'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: ...and my little girl has acute asthma...
dialog: Deborah. My eldest daughter.
scene_heading: INT. WIGAND'S CAR, LOUISVILLE - REAR TWO SHOT - MORNING
text: The Girls are gone. We enter mid-scene. Lowell's still in
dialog: the back seat...
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: And, I'm unemployed. So I have to
dialog: protect my medical coverage.
dialog: (the bottom line; turning to
text: look at Lowell in the rear
dialog: seat)
dialog: ...so I left them a message this morning.
dialog: Their expanded confidentiality agreement?
dialog: I will sign it.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: They're afraid of you, aren't they?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: They should be.
dialog: The sound of the rain...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
text: (after a beat, trying to make
dialog: it easier for him)
dialog: Talk to me outside the zone of your
dialog: agreement?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (guarded)
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Like where'd you work before Brown &amp;
dialog: Williamson?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Johnson &amp; Johnson. Union Carbide in
dialog: Japan. I was general manager and
dialog: director of new products. I speak
dialog: Japanese. I was a director of corporate
dialog: development at Pfizer. All health-
dialog: related.
dialog: (wry)
dialog: What else? Outside the "zone"...?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I don't know...you think the Knicks are
dialog: gonna make it through the semi-finals?
text: Wigand smiles...as their eyes meet in the rear view mirror.
dialog: A subtle connection... It passes...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. WIGAND'S CAR - WIDE FRONTAL - DAY
text: Jeff's car in the field, the giant Colgate-Palmolive clock
text: behind. The rain stopped. Steam rises from the weed strewn
text: empty lot. Lowell's in the front seat. And we get the
dialog: feeling they've been talking for hours...
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Just give me an example...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: For example. James Burke, the CEO of
dialog: Johnson &amp; Johnson...when he found out
dialog: that some lunatic had put poison in
dialog: Tylenol bottles, he didn't argue with the
dialog: FDA... He didn't even wait for the FDA
dialog: to tell him. He just pulled Tylenol off
dialog: every shelf of every store right across
text: America. Instantly. And then he
dialog: developed the safety cap... Because,
dialog: look, as a CEO, sure, he's gotta be a
dialog: great businessman, right? But he's also
dialog: a man of science. He's not going to
dialog: allow his company...to put on the
dialog: shelf...a product that might hurt people.
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Not like the Seven Dwarfs...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Seven dwarfs?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: The seven CEOs of Big Tobacco...they got
dialog: up in front of Congress that time...it
dialog: was on television...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: ...and swore under oath that they know
dialog: nothing about addiction, disease...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: It was on C-SPAN. Yeah.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Okay, so, here you are...you go to work
dialog: for tobacco.
dialog: (after beat)
dialog: You come from corporate cultures where
dialog: research, really, creative thinking,
dialog: these are core values. You go to
dialog: tobacco... Tobacco is a sales culture.
dialog: Market and sell enormous volume. Go to a
dialog: lot of golf tournaments. The hell with
dialog: everything else.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What are you doing? Why are you working
dialog: for "tobacco" in the first place?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (deadly honest)
dialog: I can't talk about it. The work I was
dialog: supposed to do...might have had some
dialog: positive effect. I don't know...it could
dialog: have been beneficial.
dialog: (bitterness there)
dialog: Mostly, I got paid a lot. I took the
dialog: money. My wife was happy. My kids had
dialog: good medical. Good schools. Got a
dialog: great house.
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I mean, what the hell is wrong with
dialog: that...?
text: He looks at Lowell, as if needing validation...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Nothing's wrong with that. That's it;
dialog: you're making money...you're providing
dialog: for your family? What could be wrong
dialog: with that?
text: It's quiet. After some moments...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I've always thought of myself...as a man
dialog: of science. That's what's wrong with it.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Then...you're in a state of conflict,
dialog: Jeff.
text: Jeffrey doesn't say anything.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Because, look, here's how it lays out: if
dialog: you got vital, insider stuff the American
dialog: people for their welfare really do need
dialog: to know...and you feel impelled to
dialog: disclose it and violate your agreement in
dialog: doing so, that's one thing. On the other
dialog: hand, if you want to honor this
dialog: agreement, then that's simple. You do
dialog: so. You say nothing. You do nothing.
dialog: There's only one guy who can figure that
dialog: out for you. And that's you. All by
dialog: yourself.
dialog: Lowell's evenhanded...is it too evenhanded? As Wigand
text: contemplates the edge he's standing on, they're quiet. Then
dialog: Wigand sees the time...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I've got to go pick up the girls. They
dialog: only had half a day...
text: Lowell nods. Jeffrey starts the car. The windshield wipers
text: screech on a dry window. Their eyes meet. As they drive
text: off...we HOLD on the Colgate-Palmolive Clock.
scene_heading: INT. A KITCHEN AREA, CBS OFFICES, NEW YORK - DAY
text: We've entered mid-scene... A monitor on a cart plays a 1/2-
text: inch VCR of a C-SPAN broadcast. Seven CEOs of Big Tobacco...
text: in front of a bas relief of the American eagle. Each in turn
dialog: swears nicotine is not addictive or he doesn't know anything
dialog: about health risks, they're not sure, maybe, maybe not,
dialog: etc....
speaker_heading: LOWELL (OVER)
dialog: He referred to this...the Seven Dwarfs...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (OVER)
dialog: What "Seven Dwarfs?"
speaker_heading: LOWELL (OVER)
dialog: The seven CEOs of Big Tobacco... Referred
dialog: to this... Said they should be afraid of
dialog: him... I assume, afraid of what he could
dialog: reveal.
dialog: (to Staff Lawyers)
dialog: Now, you tell me. What does this guy
dialog: have to say that threatens these people?
text: And, now, we see Lowell, Mike Wallace and Debbie DeLuca with
text: two staff Lawyers, MARK STERN and JOHN HARRIS, sitting around
text: a workstation used as an improvised eating area.
text: Beyond them are the "60 MINUTES" offices, workstations, piles
text: of material, television monitors hanging from the ceiling,
dialog: all tuned to CBS programming...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Well, it isn't "cigarettes are bad for
dialog: you"...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
text: Hardly new news.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: No shit.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: MARK STERN
dialog: (re: video)
dialog: What that is is tobacco's standard
dialog: defense. It's the "we don't know"
dialog: litany: "Addiction? We believe not.
dialog: Disease? We don't know. We take a bunch
dialog: of leaves, roll 'em together. You smoke
dialog: 'em. After that? You're on your own.
dialog: We don't know."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So...tells me nothing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Besides, you'll never get what he's got.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JOHN HARRIS
dialog: Because of this guy's confidentiality
dialog: agreement, he is never gonna be able to
dialog: talk to you.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: That's not good enough. This guy is the
dialog: top scientist in the number three tobacco
dialog: company in America. He's a corporate
dialog: officer. You never get whistle-blowers
dialog: from Fortune 500 companies. This guy is
dialog: the ultimate insider. He's got something
dialog: to say; he wants to say it; I want it on
dialog: "60 Minutes."
speaker_heading: JOHN HARRIS
dialog: Doesn't matter what he wants.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Am I missing something here?
speaker_heading: JOHN HARRIS
dialog: What do you mean, Mike?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: He's got a corporate secrecy agreement?
dialog: Give me a break. This is a public-health
text: issue, like an unsafe airframe on a
dialog: passenger jet or...some company dumping
dialog: cyanide into the East River. Issues like
dialog: that? He can talk, we can air it.
dialog: They've got no right to hide behind a
dialog: corporate agreement.
dialog: (re: his coffee)
dialog: Pass the milk...
speaker_heading: JOHN HARRIS
dialog: (does)
dialog: They don't need the right. They've got
dialog: the money.
speaker_heading: MARK STERN
dialog: The unlimited checkbook. That's how Big
dialog: Tobacco wins every time. On everything.
dialog: They spend you to death. $600 million a
dialog: year in outside legal. Chadbourne-Parke.
dialog: Ken Starr's firm, Kirkland and Ellis.
dialog: Listen. GM and Ford, they get nailed
dialog: after 11 or 12 pick-ups blow up. Right?
dialog: These clowns have never...I mean ever...
speaker_heading: JOHN HARRIS
dialog: Not even once...
speaker_heading: MARK STERN
dialog: ...not even with hundreds of thousands
dialog: dying each year from an illness related
dialog: to their product...have ever lost a
dialog: personal-injury lawsuit. On this case,
dialog: they'll issue gag orders, sue for breach,
dialog: anticipatory breach, enjoin him, you, us,
text: his pet dog, the dog's veterinarian...
dialog: Tie him up in litigation for ten of
dialog: fifteen years. I'm telling you, they bat
dialog: a thousand. Every time. He knows that.
dialog: That's why he's not gonna talk to you...
text: Lowell's been quiet, thinking about something else... Now...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Okay, let's look through the looking
dialog: glass the other way...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: We got a guy...who wants to talk but he's
dialog: constrained.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What if he were "compelled"?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (eating)
dialog: Oh, torture? Great ratings.
speaker_heading: MARK STERN
dialog: What do you mean compelled?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: I mean compelled by a Justice Department,
dialog: state courts, be a witness. That would
dialog: cut through any confidentiality
dialog: agreement, wouldn't it?
speaker_heading: MARK STERN
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: What does that do?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What do you mean, what's it do?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: What I mean is, like, how does it cut
dialog: through the confidentiality agreement?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
text: Because he has to reveal it in a court of
dialog: law. It's on record, it's out. It's no
dialog: secret anymore. So how can they restrain
dialog: his speech or retaliate? It's out in the
dialog: world...
speaker_heading: MARK STERN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: If you could engineer it into the court
dialog: record, you might have something. They
dialog: would have a helluva time trying to
dialog: restrain his speech then, wouldn't they?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: JOHN HARRIS
dialog: (still skeptical)
dialog: Yeah, but what venue? And where does he
dialog: get - does he have killer attorneys?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I don't think he's got any attorneys.
speaker_heading: MARK STERN
dialog: He's gonna need attorneys who aren't
dialog: afraid of risking years of litigation.
dialog: And millions of dollars of their own
dialog: dough in legal costs...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What do you say, Mike? What do you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Even if he gets the defense team, will he
dialog: go for it?
scene_heading: INT. A HIGH SCHOOL CAFETERIA, LOUISVILLE - DAY
speaker_heading: MRS. WATSON
dialog: ...you're awfully overqualified, Dr.
dialog: Wigand.
text: The aftermath of a high school lunch. Tables, covered with
text: litter, as far as the eye can see. And we see Jeffrey
text: sitting with a formidable Black Woman in her mid-fifties, the
text: High School Principal, CYNTHIA WATSON, drinking cups of
dialog: coffee...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (after a beat, awkward)
dialog: I'm trying to...start a new career... I
dialog: believe I could be a good teacher...
dialog: She's quiet. She senses this applicant has a lot on his
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: MRS. WATSON
dialog: Let me give it some thought...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (selling)
dialog: ...and not a lot of companies in the
dialog: health-care field hire ex-tobacco
dialog: scientists.
text: She nods, studying him. They get up.
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE, LOUISVILLE - DAY
text: The house is nearly empty. Liane, arms folded across her
text: chest, is quietly standing in the empty living room. Jeffrey
text: comes down the stairs...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: That's it...
text: And it's quiet. And Liane holds herself, overcome...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's where our babies were born...
dialog: Debbie took her first steps, right
dialog: there...in the grass.
dialog: And they're quiet.
speaker_heading: LIANE (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn't plan on this...
text: Liane looks at him, afraid. And as he moves to hold her.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Hey, hey, hey, c'mon. C'mon. We can
dialog: make this work for us. Okay? It's
dialog: just...it's a smaller scale.
dialog: Simpler...easier...more time. More time
dialog: together. More time with the kids. More
dialog: time for us, okay? It's just... Can you
dialog: imagine me coming home from some job
dialog: feeling good at the end of the day? This
dialog: is gonna be better. This is gonna be
dialog: better.
dialog: And instead of this downturn turning them against each other,
text: it brings them closer together. And as they stand in the
dialog: empty house...
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGANDS' NEW HOUSE - DAY
text: We see unpacked boxes in the small 1970's kitchen. Country-
text: western music is playing on a radio. And we see Liane busily
text: putting things away in a cabinet. And, then, stops and looks
text: out the window. She tightens a knob on a cabinet. There's a
text: moment of domestic peace for her as she sees...
scene_heading: EXT. THE WIGANDS' NEW HOUSE, THE BACKYARD - DAY
text: Jeffrey with the Girls in a part of the backyard, kneeling in
text: the dirt, planting a vegetable garden, putting in some small
text: tomato trellises. We see the house, now. It's a small, one
text: story. Deborah sees her mom and waves. It's an image from
text: the 1950's post-war boom. Liane waves back from behind the
dialog: pane of glass...
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' HOUSE #2, BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Jeffrey's asleep on his side next to Liane, her back to him.
text: His arm is draped over her, protectively. There's a sound.
text: He turns. And he sees Barbara in her nightgown, standing in
dialog: the doorway...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Hey, baby. What's wrong?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: (terrified, whispers)
dialog: What's that outside, Daddy?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Did you see somebody or did you hear
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: I heard them.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
text: In the backyard.
text: Fast, soundlessly, he's out of bed into old moccasins and
dialog: trousers...
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE, BASEMENT - LATE NIGHT
text: Jeffrey goes into a corner of the basement, around the corner
text: from the furnace, where his "office" is now. Unpacked boxes
text: are on the floor. He fumbles with the combination lock on a
text: small gun safe, lifts the lid, taking out a hand gun.
dialog: Barbara followed him.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Sit at Daddy's desk, okay? Why don't you
dialog: just sit up at the desk. Get out some
dialog: paper and draw me a picture, okay? What
dialog: are you gonna draw me, baby? An animal,
dialog: something like that? You stay down here
dialog: until Daddy gets back...alright, Barbara?
dialog: You stay down here.
text: He keeps it hidden from Barbara. He goes up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. WIGANDS' HOUSE #2, BACKYARD - LATE NIGHT
text: It's still. He steps further out onto the lawn with its dark
text: shrubs and small tree in the corner.
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' HOUSE #2, BASEMENT - LATE NIGHT
text: Meanwhile, Barbara in the basement, starts as the water
text: heater comes on, scaring her. She goes up the stairs to
dialog: follow after her father...
scene_heading: EXT. WIGANDS' HOUSE #2, BACKYARD - LATE NIGHT
text: Meanwhile, Jeffrey has crossed towards the darker back
text: corners. Sudden rustling. He spins, gun ready. And the
text: yellow eyes of a RACCOON stare at him.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: You almost got your damn head blown
dialog: off...
text: The raccoon defiantly bares its teeth.
text: Jeffrey starts to go...but he sees something and stops...
text: Meanwhile, Barbara has come to the sliding glass door...
text: Jeffrey sees one of the tomato trellises is crushed, stepped
text: on...and in the vegetable garden's earth, are distinct,
text: fresh, deep FOOTPRINTS...
speaker_heading: BARBARA'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Daddy...
text: Wigand steps between her and the garden, hiding it...
text: EXTREMELY CLOSE ON JEFFREY, as he covers, trying to keep from
text: his daughter the invasion, trying to control his emotions...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (reassuring her)
dialog: It's just a raccoon, baby...nothing.
text: He crosses to her, putting his arm, around her, walking her
dialog: back inside...
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: They're nocturnal. You know what that
dialog: means? That means that they only come
text: out at nighttime.
text: He locks the sliding glass door, takes a last look outside.
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S HOUSE IN BERKELEY - LATE AT NIGHT
text: The Phone suddenly RINGS. Lowell asleep, alone... He gets
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (sleepy)
dialog: Yeah...
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' NEW HOUSE, HALLWAY - LATE AT NIGHT
text: It's dark, save a light from the living room. Liane, in bed,
text: seemingly sleeping. And we see Jeffrey, just outside their
text: door in the foyer, sitting on the floor against a curved
text: wall, a drink at his side on the telephone... A man with no
dialog: one to talk to...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Lowell... Jeffrey Wigand...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S HOUSE, BERKELEY - LATE AT NIGHT
text: Lowell sits up...
speaker_heading: WIGAND'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Is it too late?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No. No, it's okay... How's - how's the
dialog: new place?
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGANDS' NEW HOUSE - LATE AT NIGHT
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: The new place? New.
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S HOUSE, BERKELEY - LATE AT NIGHT
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (intuiting)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: WIGAND'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Sure.
dialog: Lowell knows he isn't...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: You know, I was thinking of calling you
dialog: tomorrow, anyway.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How are your kids handling the new house?
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' NEW HOUSE, LOUISVILLE - LATE AT NIGHT
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Good.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have kids?
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: We have a couple. One's hers, one's
dialog: mine. Everybody uses a different name.
dialog: (wry)
dialog: Modern marriage.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How's Liane?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: She's okay.
text: He looks at Liane for beat. We SEE his POV in medium shot.
text: Then he moves and sits on the floor in the living room.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold on a minute, Lowell...
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: ...somebody...may be following me. I
dialog: don't know. They came on the property...
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: What do you mean followed you? Did you
dialog: call the police?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I don't want to be paranoid... I mean,
dialog: maybe it's a game. Some kind of mind
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Well, what do you really think, though?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I don't know what the fuck I really
dialog: think! Are they doing it? Is some crank
dialog: doing it? Are they doing it to make me
dialog: feel paranoid? Are they doing it for
dialog: real and don't give a shit what I think?
dialog: I don't know! I don't fucking know.
text: And it's quiet again.
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S HOUSE, BERKELEY - LATE AT NIGHT
text: Lowell sitting in bed on the phone, alarmed, sharing Wigand's
dialog: fears.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Jeffrey, describe for me in detail what
dialog: happened.
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' HOUSE, LOUISVILLE - LATE NIGHT
text: And Jeffrey's emotions are back in check as...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Well, no, look...I mean, there was a
dialog: footprint. Forget it. It's probably not
dialog: important at all.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, I got a job now. I'm teaching
dialog: high school. Japanese and Chemistry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, what were you calling about?
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: You called me.
text: He takes another drink...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: No, you said you were going to call me
dialog: tomorrow. So, what about?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Oh, yes, yes, yes, I did...I wanted to
dialog: talk to you. I wanted to hook up and
dialog: talk to you. About what we were talking
dialog: about in your car.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: ...okay.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Makes you feel good? Putting what you
dialog: know to use?
text: Jeffrey's impressed by Lowell's perceptivity...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: How'd you know that, Lowell?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: It's obvious, isn't it?
text: He looks at Liane in the next room, asleep.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello. You there
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Yeah... Look, thanks for talking. I'm
dialog: sorry I woke you up.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: It's okay.
text: Jeffrey hesitates, holding the phone, then he hangs up...but
text: the phone RINGS right away.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Lowell...?
text: But there's thick silence.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Who is this? Do not call here! Do
dialog: not...
text: They hang up. And he realizes he's talking to a DIAL TONE.
text: He hangs up. And as he sits in the patch of light from a
text: street lamp, the gun in his hand on his lap, to be up all
dialog: night guarding his family...
scene_heading: INT. THEIR BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: And past Liane's sleeping form down the hall into the living
text: room is her husband, his back to her, sitting in the
text: trapezoid of light. And as we DOLLY along her side, we come
text: upon her face and discover she's been up all along and her
text: eyes are pressed shut, her hands over her ears...her reaction
text: to his raging on the phone. She's far from "OKAY."
scene_heading: INT. A JAPANESE RESTAURANT, WASHINGTON D.C. - NIGHT
text: And we see Lowell and Wigand sitting in their stocking feet
text: at a traditional Japanese table in a private screened room...
text: A traditionally-dressed Japanese Waitress waiting to take
text: their order... Wigand conversing with her in Japanese...
text: The Waitress formally nods, and leaves...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What did you get us?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Tempura...
dialog: And Wigand drinks some more saki.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (cont'd)
dialog: The internet said you did graduate work
dialog: in Wisconsin, then went to UC La Jolla
dialog: with Professor...Marcus?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Marcuse. Yeah. He was my mentor. He
dialog: had a major influence on the New Left in
dialog: the late '60s...and on me, personally.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Next to your father?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: My father? What the hell's that got to
dialog: do with my father?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Is that why you became a journalist?
dialog: Then you get to ask all the questions?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: You charge by the hour?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: My father was a mechanical
dialog: engineer...most ingenious man I ever
dialog: knew.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Well, my father left us when I was five-
dialog: years old. He was not the most ingenious
dialog: man I ever knew... Let's get back to
dialog: Brown &amp; Williamson. If you decide to go
dialog: on "60 Minutes," I got to know everything
dialog: about why you got fired.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: They're gonna dig up stuff from your
dialog: past, they're gonna throw it at you. I
dialog: got to know what they're gonna throw.
dialog: You understand?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (concedes)
dialog: I drink. A couple of occasions more than
dialog: I should have.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: I was cited for shoplifting once. But it
dialog: was a mistake...
dialog: (hesitant, after a beat)
dialog: I pushed Liane one time. We were both
text: stressed out because of the pressure.
dialog: She went to her mother's.
dialog: (out of the blue)
dialog: I got fired because when I get angry I
dialog: have difficulty censoring myself. And I
dialog: don't like to be pushed around!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I'm not pushing you around!
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I'm asking you questions.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I'm just a commodity to you, aren't I? I
dialog: could be anything. Right? Anything
dialog: worth putting on between commercials...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (honest)
dialog: ...to a network, probably, we're all
dialog: commodities.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: To me? You are not a commodity. What
dialog: you are is important.
text: And he's begun to consciously or unconsciously "sell"...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: You go public and thirty-million people
dialog: hear what you got to say, nothing, I mean
dialog: nothing, will ever be the same again.
text: Wigand doesn't react.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: You believe that?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: You should. Because when you're done, a
dialog: judgment is going to go down in the court
dialog: of public opinion, my friend. And that's
dialog: the power you have.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: You believe that?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I believe that? Yes, I believe that.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: You believe that because you get
dialog: information out to people...something
dialog: happens?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Maybe that's just what you've been
dialog: telling yourself all these years to
dialog: justify having a good job? Having
dialog: status? And maybe for the audience, it's
dialog: just voyeurism? Something to do on a
dialog: Sunday night. And maybe it won't change
dialog: a fucking thing. And people like myself
dialog: and my family are left hung out to dry.
dialog: Used up! Broke, alone!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Are you talking to me or did somebody
dialog: else just walk in here?! I never
dialog: abandoned a source!
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I don't think you really understand --
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (running over)
dialog: No, don't evade a choice you gotta make
dialog: be questioning my reputation or "60
dialog: Minutes'" with this cheap skepticism!
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I have to put my family's welfare on the
dialog: line here, my friend! And what are you
dialog: puttin' up? You're puttin' up words!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Words! While you've been dickin' around
dialog: at fucking company golf tournaments, I
dialog: been out in the world, giving my word and
text: backing it up with action.
text: Lowell is getting very close, in spite of the value of
dialog: Wigand, to telling Jeff to take his story and stick it up his
dialog: ass.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Now, are you going to go do this
dialog: thing, or not?
text: Wigand abruptly rises...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (surprisingly mild)
dialog: I said I'd call the kids before they went
dialog: to bed. Onisa...
text: And turning, he crosses the restaurant. And that's where it
dialog: hangs.
scene_heading: INT. A CBS EDITING SUITE, NEW YORK - DAY
text: And we see we're watching footage in an on-line editing bay
text: from what we will learn is Lowell's "N.O.P.D. Blue" on police
dialog: corruption in New Orleans.
text: Lowell, TONY BALDO (his editor), Debbie and an intense YOUNG
text: MAN wearing glasses, an Intern, looking at the cut. All the
text: police are on horseback, lots of cops on horses.
text: Lowell is waiting for a call to go through...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: The stringer was supposed to be shooting
text: B-roll on street cops in New Orleans.
dialog: What's with all the horses?
speaker_heading: TONY BALDO
dialog: Camera guy's got a thing about mounted
dialog: police.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (re: horses)
dialog: Don't any of these guys ride in cars or
dialog: walk?
speaker_heading: TONY BALDO
dialog: How long did he stay on this?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What was he seeing?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, hello... I'm trying to reach Mr.
dialog: Richard Scruggs...
scene_heading: INT. A LEAR JET - DAY
text: And we see the PILOT, a fit-looking, unassuming man, wearing
text: aviator glasses, in his late forties. A heavyset Man in his
text: forties, riding up in the co-pilot's seat we'll come to know
text: as RON MOTLEY. The Pilot's on a headset... He has a
dialog: distinctive Southern accent...
speaker_heading: THE PILOT
dialog: This is Richard Scruggs...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: Could you hold on one second, please?
dialog: (to Lowell)
dialog: Lowell, I got him on the phone.
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Hello, I'm Lowell Bergman.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: Hold on... Mobile approach...this is
dialog: Lear November 643. Over.
speaker_heading: CONTROL OPERATOR'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Go ahead 643.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: (after a beat)
text: Request a flight level 220, on a heading
dialog: of 284 degrees. Over.
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Mr. Bergman?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yes, I'm right here. Could you call me
dialog: back on a hard line?
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: Alright.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
text: Area code 212-555-0199.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: I'll call you then.
scene_heading: INT. A LOUNGE, PRIVATE AVIATION TERMINAL - DAY
text: Through the window, we see Scruggs' plane being refueled
text: while Scruggs and Motley in a run-down lounge are talking on
text: a SPEAKER PHONE with Lowell. They've taken over the
dialog: Secretary's office for privacy.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (re: footage)
dialog: What do we do with that?
text: The phone rings.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS' VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Richard Scruggs...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: ...you filed a lawsuit against tobacco on
dialog: behalf of the State of Mississippi, did
dialog: you not?
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: (nods)
dialog: That's right...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Well, I'm working with someone, now, who
dialog: was the former head of research at Brown
dialog: &amp; Williamson, a former corporate officer
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: What's your interest in this, Mr.
dialog: Bergman?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Well, he may tape an interview with us.
dialog: And, we believe if his testimony showed
dialog: up in a court record first, it would free
dialog: him up from his confidentiality agreement
dialog: and give him some protection.
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: It could work. If it's public record,
dialog: it's public record.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah, and he's going to need legal
dialog: representation.
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: He sure as hell will.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Has he decided to go public? Because
dialog: let me tell you, we've been doing this
dialog: for three years now, and we've worked
dialog: with a lot of corporate cases involving
dialog: whistle-blowers, so we know... Big
dialog: Tobacco will do everything in their power
dialog: to stop him. So, is your man truly
dialog: committed?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Well, actually, no. Well, he's on the
dialog: fence. That's the point.
text: Scruggs and Motley exchange a look... Motley shrugs...
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: Well, we'd certainly be interested in
text: making his acquaintance, but without
dialog: knowing what he's going to do...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Well, would you want him to call you?
dialog: Or, you want to call him? How do you
dialog: want to do it?
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: (no nonsense)
dialog: It would be better if he called us.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: Alright?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Okay. Thank you.
text: At this moment, these two attorneys are unsold on the
text: prospect of Jeffrey Wigand. Scruggs disconnects.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: Shit...
scene_heading: INT. CBS EDITING SUITE, NEW YORK - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (contemplating phone; to Debbie
dialog: re: show)
dialog: Oh, we need cops on the street. We don't
dialog: need them on horses.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: I don't know what he was thinking.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Oh, for God's sake, what has this guy
dialog: got, a horse fetish?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: Alright, alright.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Get me to New Orleans this afternoon.
dialog: I'll shoot the fucking thing myself!
text: TIGHTEN on mounted New Orleans police at crime scene, herding
dialog: crowd.
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGANDS' NEW HOUSE, KITCHEN - TWILIGHT
text: Liane cooking dinner, making pasta. Ingredients, diced
text: tomato, basil, are neatly ordered. She's waiting for water
text: to boil. The kids are doing homework on the round table in
text: the kitchenette. It's an idle moment. She's dazed-out
dialog: watching them.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What are you cooking?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: I'm cooking pasta primavera.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh, I love that stuff.
text: And now she hears from the basement the BELL RING on
text: Jeffrey's computer. It's a tiny bell, incessant... She
text: crosses to the basement stairs.
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: I'm going to have to go downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' NEW HOUSE, BASEMENT OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Liane down the stairs, approaching Jeffrey's computer. And
text: she SEES an incoming E-mail icon - a large letter with wings -
text: flying repetitively across the screen.
text: The bell RINGING is louder. She calls-up the E-mail... On
text: the screen in large RED letters:
dialog: WE WILL KILL YOU. WE WILL KILL ALL OF
dialog: YOU. SHUT THE FUCK UP.
text: And now Liane is shouting and running up the stairs and...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Debbie, Barbara... Debbie!
scene_heading: EXT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE, LOUISVILLE - EVENING
text: Jeffrey, having arrived home from work, pulls the mail out of
text: the mailbox, now stands, frozen, staring at something... And
text: he sees, standing upright in the back of the mail box, like a
text: monument of threat, a single hollow point .38 CALIBER BULLET.
text: He freezes... And simultaneously...
text: Liane and the Girls are running toward him...like in a bad
text: fucking dream. He's looking at them. Liane is saying
text: something about E-mail, but his slow-motion attention is
text: still arrested by the statuesque bullet. As they close on
dialog: him...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW ORLEANS, THE FRENCH QUARTER - NIGHT
text: And we see Lowell lit by FLASHING POLICE LIGHTS. We're at a
text: crime scene. Uniformed cops on horseback. Just arrived, the
text: Cameraman's unloading his gear, preparing to shoot B-roll.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: COP
text: Dispatch received a call of shots fired
text: in the area. Uniforms arrived on the
dialog: scene and found this white male subject
dialog: shot to death.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Was it gang related?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: There's no indication as far as a tag or
dialog: an advertisement...
text: Police moving around as Lowell's cell phone RINGS...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (answering)
dialog: Excuse me. Yeah...
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' HOUSE, BEDROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: They're terrorizing us. Death threats?!
dialog: To my family? My kids?!
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Someone put a bullet in my mailbox.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Jeff, call the FBI right away...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: They do this with impunity!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Jeff...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: They get to go home at night. What does
dialog: it cost these people to do this to us?
dialog: Nothing?! My girls are crying, so fuck
dialog: them! I want to tape! I'm done thinking
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: I heard you. But I got to arrange a
dialog: legal defense first. I got to get you to
dialog: testify in court, get it on public
dialog: record.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (cuts in)
dialog: Then hold it off the air until you got
dialog: that. But I want to go to New York.
dialog: And I want to go on the record. Right
dialog: now!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Good. But Jeff...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I'll call them, Lowell.
scene_heading: INT. WIGAND'S HOUSE, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: And two older, local FBI AGENTS #1 and #2 are sitting with
text: Jeffrey in his living room...
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: Did you handle the round, Mr. Wigand?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Yes, I'm afraid I did.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
dialog: We won't be able to lift usable prints.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: Do you own a gun, Mr. Wigand?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: A gun? Yes.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: What caliber is your gun?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: What caliber is my gun?
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: Yes, sir. What caliber is your gun?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (a dawning realization)
dialog: What does that have to do with the price
dialog: of tea in China?
text: Now one of the kids is crying, Liane trying to calm her,
text: takes her out of the room.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (a beat, realizing)
dialog: You think I put that bullet in the
dialog: mailbox myself...?
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: If we could take a look, Mr. Wigand...
text: And he gets up... They follow him into the bedroom. He
text: unlocks the side drawer on his night stand, taking out a gun,
text: giving it to one of the Agents.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
dialog: Why do you keep this gun?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I don't think it's unconstitutional yet
dialog: to own a gun. I'm a target shooter.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: That bullet was for a .38 caliber. Do
dialog: you own a .38?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Yes, I do. A .38 Target Master. In my
text: gun safe downstairs. A .45 Gold Cup. A
dialog: .22 target pistol. So what?
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Do you have a history of emotional
dialog: problems, Mr. Wigand?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Yes. Yes, I do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes, I get extremely emotional when
dialog: assholes put bullets in my mailbox...!
text: And we hear Liane's voice from downstairs...
speaker_heading: LIANE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (upset)
dialog: I didn't tell you that so you could just
dialog: pick it up and take it away. Jeffrey!
text: And we see Liane following FBI Agent #3, coming up the stairs
text: from the basement, and the Agent is carrying Jeffrey's
dialog: computer...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: I told him that you had an E-mail death
dialog: threat that said if you didn't shut the
dialog: "F" up, they were going to kill you...
text: Agent #3 starts out of the house with the computer followed
text: by #2. Jeffrey runs out after them.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: You can't take that... It's personal
dialog: property...!
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2 (OR #3)
dialog: We have a search warrant, Mr. Wigand.
dialog: There's been a death threat.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (after him)
dialog: ...my files! Personal correspondence...
text: Agent #3 ignores him, putting the computer in the trunk of
text: their car. And FBI Agent #1, the .38 bullet in a baggie,
text: comes out of the house.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: ...letters to my brother...my will.
text: His shoes slip on the grass and he falls. And the FBI are
text: getting into their car. And NEIGHBORS have come out,
text: watching them. Liane and the girls, standing halfway down
text: the front lawn, the neighbors looking at them. She and
text: Jeffrey look at each other. Will she go to him or not? She
text: goes to him as he rises...
speaker_heading: WIGAND (cont'd)
dialog: That computer has everything...
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: You alright, Mr. Wigand?
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
dialog: We need to take a look at your gun safe,
dialog: Mr. Wigand.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW ORLEANS, THE FRENCH QUARTER - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: I'm telling you, your agents in that
dialog: office are acting improperly! Now, who
dialog: are they trying to protect?
text: And we see a Man in his early forties, a neatly-dressed man
text: who prides himself on his appearance, at his desk in the
text: Bureau (FBI). BILL ROBERTSON. He's completely distracted,
dialog: focused on agent travel orders...
speaker_heading: BILL ROBERTSON'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Let me tell you something, Lowell. Look,
dialog: look, look. You're talking about two
text: agents in a regional office in
dialog: Louisville. I got the goddamn Unabomber
dialog: threatening to blow up LAX! I gotta move
dialog: 45 agents from all over the country into
dialog: L.A. Alright? When I get a chance, I'll
dialog: give it a look...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (heated)
dialog: You better take a good look! Because I'm
dialog: getting two things: pissed off and
dialog: curious! Now, any of these guys been
dialog: offered jobs in corporate security after
dialog: they retire? Either one of those guys
dialog: have ex-agent pals already in those jobs?
dialog: Like, for instance, their ex-supervisor,
dialog: who's already at Brown &amp; Williamson as we
dialog: fucking speak?
scene_heading: INT. BILL ROBERTSON'S OFFICE, WASHINGTON - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BILL ROBERTSON
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll give it a look.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: You're getting my drift?
speaker_heading: BILL ROBERTSON
dialog: I'll give it a look.
text: He hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, THE FOUR SEASONS HOTEL, NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: And we slide by some elegant diners to fall onto Lowell and
text: Mike Wallace with Jeffrey and Liane in the Hotel's dining
text: room, having ordered dinner.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: So, is everything okay?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: How are the rooms? Comfortable?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: Yes, very. You know, I enjoy your work
dialog: so much...when you're talking to
dialog: somebody, I always feel like I'm right
dialog: there.
dialog: And she laughs...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Thank you got saying that...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Do you think we could talk about the
dialog: taping? Tomorrow's taping, just so we
dialog: can get it out of the way and order...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Yeah, well, questions will go toward what
dialog: work you did there, why you were fired.
dialog: And others will deal...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: (not sure she quite heard)
dialog: ...taping?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What are you taping?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I'm doing an interview.
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: An interview! Do you know what they will
dialog: do to us...! I thought... Sorry.
text: But she suddenly gets up and leaves, hurrying out of the
text: dining room. And Jeffrey oddly doesn't move.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (trying to intervene)
dialog: Liane, this is a preliminary...
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: You didn't tell her we were taping?
dialog: What did she think she was coming to New
dialog: York for?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: ...to talk about it. To think about it.
dialog: I had a plan to ease her into it. But, I
dialog: really - I didn't know how to do that...
text: Jeffrey abruptly crosses to the nearby Bar.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Oh, man.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Who are these people?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Ordinary people! Under extraordinary
dialog: pressure, Mike. What the hell do you
dialog: expect? Grace and consistency?
text: And Lowell leaves the table. And as Mike Wallace sits at the
text: table, looking around, wondering what the fuck he's doing
dialog: there.
scene_heading: INT. THE BATHROOM, NEW YORK HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Liane folds her arms protectively across her chest...
scene_heading: INT. A STUDIO, CBS - MORNING
text: And we see a small TAPING STUDIO separated by flats and black
text: curtains from other CBS News sets. Cameras are set up.
scene_heading: INT. THE STUDIO, CBS - DAY
text: And we enter mid-scene on Jeffrey in a more formal demeanor,
text: sitting in a chair, Mike Wallace sitting across from him,
text: under the lights, taping an interview. Lowell, off camera.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: You heard Mr. Sandefur say before
dialog: Congress that he believed nicotine was
dialog: not addictive...?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (nods)
dialog: ...I believe Mr. Sandefur perjured
dialog: himself because I watched those
text: testimonies very carefully.
text: Lowell's reaction. Jeffrey's statements are stunning and
dialog: powerful revelations...and dangerous ones to make.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: All of us did. There was this whole line
dialog: of people...whole line of CEOs up there
text: all swearing.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Part of the reason I'm here is I felt
dialog: that their representation clearly
dialog: misstated, at least within Brown &amp;
dialog: Williamson's representation, clearly
dialog: misstated...what is common language
dialog: within the company...we are in the
dialog: nicotine delivery business.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: And that's what cigarettes are for...?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
text: A delivery device for nicotine.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: A delivery device for nicotine. Put it
dialog: in your mouth, light it up, and you're
dialog: gonna get your fix...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: You're gonna get your fix...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: You're saying that Brown &amp; Williamson
text: manipulates and adjusts the nicotine fix,
dialog: not by artificially adding nicotine, but
dialog: by enhancing the effect of nicotine
dialog: through the use of chemical elements such
dialog: as ammonia...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (nods)
dialog: The process is known as "impact
dialog: boosting..." While not spiking nicotine,
dialog: they clearly manipulate it. There's
dialog: extensive use of this technology, know
dialog: as "ammonia chemistry." It allows for
dialog: the nicotine to be more rapidly absorbed
dialog: in the lung and therefore affect the
dialog: brain and central nervous system.
scene_heading: INT. THE STUDIO, CBS - LATER
speaker_heading: WIGAND
text: The straw that broke the camel's back for
dialog: me and really put me in trouble with
dialog: Sandefur was a compound called
dialog: "coumarin." When I came on board at B&amp;W,
dialog: they had tried to transition from
dialog: coumarin to a similar flavor that would
dialog: give the same taste, and had been
dialog: unsuccessful. I wanted it out
dialog: immediately.
dialog: I was told that it would affect sales, so
dialog: I should mind my own business. I
dialog: constructed a memo to Mr. Sandefur
dialog: indicating I could not in conscience
dialog: continue with coumarin in a product that
dialog: we now knew, we had documentation, was
dialog: similar to coumadin, a lung-specific
dialog: carcinogen...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: And you sent the document forward to
dialog: Sandefur?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I sent the document forward to Sandefur.
dialog: I was told that we would continue to work
dialog: on a substitute, we weren't going to
dialog: remove it as it would impact sales, and
dialog: that that was his decision.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: In other words, you were charging
dialog: Sandefur and Brown &amp; Williamson with
dialog: ignoring health considerations
dialog: consciously...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Most certainly.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: And on March 24, Thomas Sandefur, CEO of
dialog: Brown &amp; Williamson had you fired. And
dialog: the reason he gave you?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Poor communication skills.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: And, do you wish you hadn't come forward?
dialog: You wish you hadn't blown the whistle?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Yeah, there are times I wish I hadn't
dialog: done it. There are times I feel
dialog: compelled to do it. If you asked me
dialog: would I do it again? Do I think it's
dialog: worth it? Yeah, I think it's worth it.
scene_heading: INT. A HIGH SCHOOL SCIENCE CLASS, LOUISVILLE - AFTERNOON
text: Not too many kids paying attention. Meanwhile, Jeffrey has
text: written his name on the blackboard.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: My name is Jeff Wigand. You can call me
dialog: Mr. Wigand; you can call me Dr. Wigand--I
dialog: have a Ph.D. in biochemistry and
dialog: endocrinology; you can call me Jeff...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Anything else you want to call
dialog: me...you'll have to do so in private...
dialog: (a few kids smile)
dialog: Okay... I find chemistry to be magical.
dialog: I find it an adventure. An exploration
dialog: into the building blocks of our physical
dialog: universe...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, how many of you have taken chemistry
dialog: before?
text: Nobody raises their hands.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (easy smile)
dialog: Okay...I've never taught it before, so
dialog: we're gonna be fine.
text: A couple of laughs... And we feel Jeffrey, for the first
text: time is in a milieu that suits him.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (cont'd)
dialog: Our first experiment is...
dialog: (holds up cigarette lighter)
dialog: ...going to be measuring the molecular
dialog: weight of butane...
scene_heading: INT. SCRUGGS' OFFICE
text: Scruggs' office is decorated with watercolors of Phantom jets
text: and A-6s as Scruggs takes off his glasses...
speaker_heading: CHARLENE
text: He's on line three.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL CORRIDOR
text: Jeffrey Wigand is on a pay phone in the corridor crowded with
dialog: students...
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Mr. Scruggs, Jeff Wigand. Lowell Bergman
dialog: said I should give you a call...
scene_heading: INT. SCRUGGS' OFFICE
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: My co-counsel, Ron Motley, and I have
dialog: filed a lawsuit against the tobacco
dialog: industry on behalf of the State of
dialog: Mississippi to get the state reimbursed
dialog: Medicaid costs for treating people with
dialog: smoking-related illness.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you'd be interested in talking to us,
dialog: we'd certainly like to talk to you...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: When should we do this?
scene_heading: EXT. WIGAND'S HOUSE #2, LOUISVILLE - TWILIGHT
text: Jeffrey drives up the block and onto his driveway. Seeing a
text: MAN in a suit, an ear piece in his ear, disappearing around
text: the corner of his house, Jeffrey leaps out of the car. But
text: the front door's open. So instead of chasing after, he runs
dialog: inside...
scene_heading: INT. THE WIGAND'S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - DAY/TWILIGHT
text: And he sees another Man is in the living room...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Who the hell are you?! What are you
dialog: doing in my house?!
text: And he sees Lowell enter from the dining room...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: It's okay, Jeff.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Mr. Wigand, you need to speak to...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (wry)
dialog: It's okay. You got your own security
dialog: now...
text: Wigand catches his breath.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Lowell, I can't afford --
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: ...they "volunteered." A friend owns a
dialog: large security company.
speaker_heading: TALIFARO
dialog: How are you doing, Mr. Wigand? I'm Jon
dialog: Talifaro. There'll be three of us on
dialog: detail.
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: (crossing through)
dialog: I'm going to the store. Please explain
dialog: our new "houseguests" to your children.
text: And Wigand looks at Lowell... Barbara comes into the living
text: room and holds onto her father's leg.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I called Richard Scruggs in
dialog: Mississippi...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I heard.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I'm going to be a witness for them in
dialog: their litigation. So I'm going to fly to
dialog: Pascagoula to give a deposition...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I know. I'm going to go there tonight...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Did you have a good day?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yes, I did. I had a great day.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Coffee, Lowell?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (to kids)
dialog: Want to play that game we were playing
dialog: before? You know, I think you got it up
dialog: to five. I was ahead of you.
text: She goes over and holds his hand. And as he holds her hand,
text: seeing what his life has become, he looks up and his glance
dialog: connects with Lowell...
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN, THE WIGANDS' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: We see out the window a Security Guard, incongruous, walking
text: by. And we see Liane, finished with the dinner dishes,
dialog: silently wiping off the sink. There's a pall you could cut
text: with a knife. A moment, and Jeffrey comes in the kitchen
text: door from the garden... He stops to wash his hands in the
dialog: sink.
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Please don't wash your hands in the sink.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Where should I wash them?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Use the bathroom.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: What's the difference...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: That's for food.
text: But he ignores her, washing his hands... And she turns the
text: water off. He turns it back on. He thinks, then turns it
text: off. Then she turns it on.
speaker_heading: LIANE (cont'd)
dialog: Leave it on! Just leave it on, okay?!
text: And she turns and leaves the room, coldly, all her anger
dialog: repressed. For Jeffrey, everything else and now this? The
text: running faucet.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WIGANDS' HOUSE, LOUISVILLE - LATE NIGHT
text: The house on the quiet suburban street. A Security Guard,
text: incongruous, a noticeable bulge where his shoulder holster
text: is, sitting watch under the porch light on the small front
text: porch in a metal porch chair.
scene_heading: INT. THE BASEMENT, THE WIGANDS' HOUSE - LATE NIGHT
text: And we see Jeffrey, unable to sleep, sitting at his desk,
text: alone in the basement, listening to classical music. He
text: instinctively turns. And he sees Liane, in her bathrobe, has
text: come down to sit on the basement stairs. He looks over at
text: her. And he thinks she's come down to make up. And all she
dialog: really wants him to do is say, "I need you..." But he
dialog: can't... And like ships that pass in the night, nothing's
text: said. It's quiet. She puts her hands protectively in her
text: robe pockets. And she starts to cry...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: I don't think I can do this... I want to
dialog: stand by my husband... I really do,
dialog: Jeffrey. But I don't think I can do this
dialog: anymore. I am so sorry...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Can we talk about this when I get back?
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Yes...Jeffrey.
text: She goes back up the stairs. And as Jeffrey sits in the
text: basement, and the music plays.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOUISVILLE AIRPORT - DAY
text: We see Jeffrey and his Security Man. He passes a small
text: Filipino Woman in a nurse's uniform and a Man in clerical
text: garb, who hands him a small American Flag, asking for
text: donations. And, now, he passes through the metal detector.
text: He nods thanks and walks towards us, relaxing, looking behind
text: every so often to see if anybody is following him. As he
text: passes Gate 3, he HEARS over his shoulder...
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Jeff...?
text: Jeffrey turns and the Man throws a sheaf of SUBPOENAS at his
dialog: chest...
speaker_heading: THE MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (nasty)
dialog: You've been served.
text: And he turns and walks off. And as Jeffrey looks down at the
dialog: subpoenas...
scene_heading: INT. RICHARD SCRUGGS' KITCHEN - 7:00 A.M.
text: Jeffrey is sitting with Scruggs and Motley in Scruggs'
text: kitchen around a semi-circular counter. Coffee and sweet
text: rolls. It's casual. No one's dressed for court. Scruggs
text: has been looking through the sheaf of subpoenas. About
dialog: Motley, we sense power held in reserve.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: Now, what this one is, is a temporary
dialog: restraining order, a gag order, issued by
dialog: a Kentucky court.
text: Meanwhile, a movie-star handsome man in shirtsleeves and a
text: tie, a coffee cup in his hand, enters and sits casually on
text: the arm of a chair.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS (CONT'D)
dialog: (introducing)
dialog: Jeff Wigand, Michael Moore.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL MOORE
dialog: Good to meet you, Dr. Wigand.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: Mike's our Attorney General down here.
dialog: (to Moore)
dialog: I was just explaining to Jeff, they got a
dialog: Kentucky court to issue a gag order to
dialog: stop his deposition today.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL MOORE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: Now, they tried to get the Mississippi
dialog: Court to honor it, but the judge threw it
dialog: out...
dialog: (to Jeffrey)
dialog: However, for you, there is a more
dialog: perilous effect to the Kentucky gag
dialog: order...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL MOORE
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Dr. Wigand, you do understand what could
dialog: happen, don't you?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I'm not free to testify...here...?
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: That's right. If you violate the
dialog: Kentucky order, when you step foot back
dialog: in Kentucky, they can find you in
dialog: contempt and they can incarcerate you.
dialog: And you ought to know that.
dialog: And Jeffrey fairly turns white, it's never occurred to him he
dialog: might go to jail...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Jail?
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: Possibly, yes. That is one of the
dialog: possible consequences of your testifying
dialog: here today. That's right...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: How does one..."go...to...jail?" What
dialog: does my family do? Go on welfare? If my
dialog: wife has to work? Who's going to look
dialog: after the kids? Put food on the table?
dialog: My children need me. If I'm not
dialog: teaching...there's no medical...no
dialog: medical...even on co-pay, that's like...
dialog: Tuition...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL MOORE
dialog: Dr. Wigand, listen, you may not be able
dialog: to do this thing. As I understand from
dialog: Dick, you're our key witness. And, I
dialog: hope you don't withdraw. I guess we'd
dialog: all understand if you did...
dialog: (at watch)
dialog: Guys, I've got to go. I'm gonna be late
dialog: for court. I'll see y'all a little
dialog: later. Dr. Wigand, good luck.
text: He leaves. And Jeffrey's quiet, frightened. Having shaken
text: the departing Moore's hand, he now turns away from Scruggs
text: and Motley, thinking about consequences.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: I know what you're facing, Jeff. And, I
dialog: think I know how you're feeling...
dialog: Jeffrey's skeptical anybody could know "how it is"...
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS (CONT'D)
dialog: (low, personal)
dialog: In the Navy I flew A-6's off carriers...
dialog: In combat, events have a duration of
dialog: seconds, sometimes minutes... But what
dialog: you're going through goes on day in and
dialog: day out. Whether you're ready for it or
dialog: not, week in, week out... Month after
dialog: month after month. Whether you're up or
dialog: whether you're down. You're assaulted
dialog: psychologically. You're assaulted
dialog: financially, which is its own special
dialog: kind of violence. Because it's directed
dialog: at your kids...what school can you
dialog: afford... How will that affect their
dialog: lives. You're asking yourself: Will that
dialog: limit what they may become? You feel
dialog: your whole family's future's
dialog: compromised...held hostage...
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I do know how it is.
scene_heading: EXT. RICHARD SCRUGGS' HOUSE, PASCAGOULA, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: A white, traditional, Southern house, with a veranda and
text: gables...a large front lawn with weeping willows. And we see
text: Lowell, hands in his pockets, not an insider or an outsider,
text: waiting alone on the expansive lawn. The front door opens.
text: A Mississippi State Trooper, putting on his round brimmed hat
text: comes out and crosses the driveway. Then Jeffrey coming out
text: with Motley. Motley talks to him on the veranda for a moment
text: and then heads towards his car. Meanwhile, Jeffrey comes
text: down over to Lowell on the lawn.
text: And Jeffrey looks off, across the street from the house, at
text: the Gulf. And we see the street is blockaded by Mississippi
text: State Police cars. An armed camp. Other men in suits,
text: Lawyers and state officials, wait. Ron Motley gets in his
text: car and drives away.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: You attract a crowd.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (smiles, wry)
dialog: Yeah, great.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I heard about the Kentucky gag order...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I don't know what to do.
text: And they're quiet, a breeze of the Gulf ruffling their
text: coats... He looks out at the water, a cargo container ship
text: passing by. He watches its slow progress...
text: And Jeffrey quietly starts to walk off across the lawn, hands
text: in his pockets, shoulders bent, head down, thinking... And
text: Richard Scruggs comes out, tying his tie, to wait beside
dialog: Lowell...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE, CANTY STREET, PASCAGOULA, MISSISSIPPI -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Motley's car parks, and he and an Assistant are approached by
text: a flurry of media from the parking lot behind us, crossing
text: Canty Street to intercept him. And we SEE the lot is jammed
text: with Mercedes-Benzes, Town Cars and limousines belonging to
text: the 150-200 Big Tobacco, Wall Street lawyers. Some hang out
text: by their cars, killing time. It's a tailgate party. Beyond
text: them are trucks and vans with satellite dishes supporting the
dialog: media circus. They're all here for Jeff's deposition. The
text: scale of it dwarfs the plebeian storefront with its sign
dialog: "Temporary Jackson County Courthouse"...into which Motley
dialog: enters...
scene_heading: EXT. RICHARD SCRUGGS' HOUSE, PASCAGOULA, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: Jeffrey contemplating.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, PASCAGOULA, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: One TOBACCO LAWYER, an Edward Bennett-type while waiting is
text: on his cell phone...
speaker_heading: TOBACCO LAWYER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hold on a second...
dialog: (seeing Motley enter; to Jr.
dialog: Lawyer)
dialog: Would you please ask Mr. Motley if he
dialog: expects his witness to appear or not...?
text: JR. LAWYER crosses to Motley.
scene_heading: EXT. SCRUGGS' HOUSE, DOCK - DAY
text: Jeffrey alone on the jetty, looking out to sea. Trying to
text: decide, trying to untangle identity and consequence. A
text: moment. He turns, crossing to Lowell and Scruggs. Then.
text: it's the three men, standing on the lawn. Time seems to
dialog: slow...all of them aware it's a critical decision, personally
dialog: and historically...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (severely conflicted)
dialog: I can't seem to find...the criteria to
dialog: decide. It's too big a decision to make
dialog: without being resolved...in my own mind.
text: They're quiet. Jeffrey, getting nowhere. Lowell offers...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Maybe things have changed...
text: Long pause on Jeffrey as he contemplates his future. And
text: something just got resolved. He asks Lowell, rhetorically...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: What's changed?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (unsure)
dialog: You mean...since this morning?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: No. I mean since whenever...
text: Nothing's changed. Wigand looks at them. He found his own
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck it. Let's go to court.
dialog: And Dick Scruggs and Lowell look at this normal, somewhat
dialog: flawed, very courageous man...
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: (to unseen staff)
dialog: Dr. Wigand would like to leave now.
text: And there's a sudden flurry of activity. Jeffrey and Scruggs
text: walk to a Mississippi State Police car. Lowell gets into his
text: car and drives away, separately. Police, State Officials,
text: run to their cars. Cars starting, lights flashing, Wigand's
text: car pulls into position.
scene_heading: INT. SCRUGGS' CAR - JEFFREY - DAY
text: in the back seat with Scruggs. The driver's a State
text: Policeman. Jeffrey watches the small town of empty lots, old
text: buildings, a 1930's Deco school pass by. It's all
text: heightened, especially vivid to his eyes somehow. And he
text: exhales heavily to calm himself, to focus...
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTHOUSE, PASCAGOULA, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: Some of the Tobacco Lawyers, their jackets off, still hanging
text: across Canty Street by their cars. And now they see the
text: police lights turning, coming around a corner, moving towards
text: the courthouse. The caravan stops. First, Scruggs gets out.
text: A moment, then Jeffrey appears. And the Reporters pounce on
text: Jeffrey, cameras flashing...Mississippi Police leading him
text: through the crowd... Moore appears at courtroom door
text: (already there). And as he's whisked away into the
dialog: courtroom.
scene_heading: INT. THE COURTROOM, PASCAGOULA, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: The tobacco lawyers become dead quiet. Cell phones are hung
text: up. Newspapers are put away. Jackets are donned. This is
text: now very serious business. Motley meets Jeffrey, all eyes on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: Okay, Jeff, I'm going to sit you down at
dialog: that table over there. I'm going to
dialog: start as fast as possible. I don't want
dialog: to give them a chance to get another
dialog: restraining order, okay? Let's go.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL MOORE
dialog: Good luck, Doc.
text: Motley calmly motions Wigand to take a chair. He settles in.
speaker_heading: STENOGRAPHER
dialog: Please stand. Raise your right hand...
dialog: Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole
dialog: truth and nothing but the truth, so help
dialog: you God?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: STENOGRAPHER
dialog: You may be seated.
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: You understand, Dr. Wigand, you are under
dialog: oath. This is a sworn deposition.
dialog: There's no judge. It's not a trial.
dialog: (understatement of the century)
dialog: Will you state your name for the record.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Jeffrey S. Wigand.
dialog: He spells it for them...
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTHOUSE, PASCAGOULA, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: Lowell, waiting with the other journalists...
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Got any idea what's going on in there?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No, I don't have a clue.
scene_heading: INT. THE COURTROOM, PASCAGOULA, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
dialog: Motley still conducting the inquiry... And the tobacco
text: lawyers, like a pack of dogs, waiting to pounce...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: That is correct.
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: In other words, it acts as a drug?
speaker_heading: TOBACCO LAWYER
dialog: Object to the form of the question!
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: It acts as a drug on the body?
speaker_heading: TOBACCO LAWYER
dialog: Object to the form!
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: It acts as a...
speaker_heading: TOBACCO LAWYER
dialog: Object!
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: There an echo in here? Your objection's
dialog: been recorded. She typed it into her
dialog: little machine over there. It's on the
dialog: record. So now I'll proceed with my
dialog: deposition of my witness. Does it act as
dialog: a drug?
speaker_heading: TOBACCO LAWYER
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Dr. Wigand. I am instructing you...
dialog: (to Wigand)
dialog: ...not to answer that question in
dialog: accordance to the terms of the
dialog: contractual obligations undertaken by you
dialog: not to disclose any information about
dialog: your work at the Brown &amp; Williamson
dialog: Tobacco Company. And in accordance with
dialog: the force and effect of the temporary
dialog: restraining order that has been entered
dialog: against you to by the court in the State of
dialog: Kentucky! That means you don't talk!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mr. Motley, we have rights, here...
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: Oh, you got rights and lefts! Ups and
dialog: downs and middles! So what?! You don't
dialog: get to instruct anything around here!
dialog: This is not North Carolina, not South
dialog: Carolina nor Kentucky. This is the
dialog: sovereign State of Mississippi's
dialog: proceeding. Wipe that smirk off your
dialog: face! Dr. Wigand's deposition will be
dialog: part of this record. And I'm going to
dialog: take my witness' testimony! Whether the
dialog: hell you like it or not!
dialog: (to Wigand)
dialog: Answer the question, Dr...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (slams it home)
dialog: Yes. It produces a physiological
dialog: response, which meets the definition of a
dialog: drug! Nicotine is associated with
text: impact, with satisfaction. It has a
dialog: pharmacological effect that crosses the
dialog: blood-brain barrier intact...
speaker_heading: MOTLEY
dialog: Thank you, Doctor. Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCRUGGS' HOUSE, PASCAGOULA, MISSISSIPPI - NIGHT
text: Lowell stands on the porch looking out at the rain. There's
text: a slight sound. He turns. And Jeffrey's come outside. He
text: stands leaning on the porch railing, looking out at the rain
text: and windswept trees. They're quiet. They share a look.
text: They nod to each other. The smallest nod of accomplishment.
text: And they're there on the porch, alone, outside the house in
dialog: Pascagoula, Mississippi.
scene_heading: INT. CBS EDITING ROOM, NEW YORK - AFTERNOON
text: We see Lowell, unusually buoyant in the same clothes as
dialog: yesterday. He's working with Tony Baldo on a cut of the
dialog: show, the net result of his architecture of events, his
dialog: combination of persuasion and integrity...
text: We see on the Avid monitor a single of Jeffrey...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: "Part of the reason I'm here is I felt
dialog: that their representation clearly, at
dialog: least within..."
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Run that Sandefur piece on "nicotine's
dialog: not addictive." Run that on-camera.
dialog: Then cut right to Wigand with "I believe
dialog: they perjured..." Then go wide to the
text: CEOs all taking the oath. Back on Jeff
dialog: and play the pause after the word "felt"
text: on the B-side...
text: Widen to include Debbie DeLuca, the Intern, two other
text: Editors, Felling. They have gathered behind Lowell in the
dialog: doorway. This is a hot show and it's generated excitement
text: among Lowell's co-workers. And while Baldo cuts, we see...
scene_heading: INT. CBS, CORRIDOR OUTSIDE EDITING ROOM - DAY
text: ...the group has spilled out the doorway, watching Lowell's
text: story come together. Beyond them, approaching, is Mike
dialog: Wallace, coming to work...
speaker_heading: BILL FELLING
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: ...helluva show, Mike. Explosive
dialog: material.
text: People separate as Mike pushes in. Lowell sees Mike. While
text: Tony Baldo is making the edits on the Avid...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: It went great in Mississippi, Mike.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Good.
text: Don Hewitt enters from the corridor without jacket.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: I heard Wigand's deposition got sealed.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah, they argued he was going to reveal
dialog: the secret formula of "Kools" to the
dialog: world.
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: "Sealed" doesn't hurt Scruggs'
dialog: litigation, and since we're the only ones
dialog: with the story, I believe we're sitting
dialog: on an exclusive.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: I like that...
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: Corporate has some questions. We've got
dialog: a meeting at Black Rock first thing in
dialog: the morning.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: When's the air date?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: (to Lowell)
dialog: Excuse me, Lowell. Sharon's on line 3.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Tell her I'll call her back in ten.
speaker_heading: BALDO
dialog: Here we go.
dialog: Baldo now runs Lowell's edit of the above sequence. And we
scene_heading: SEE THE IMMEDIATE IMPACT.
dialog: Sandefur in CLOSE-UP states "I believe that nicotine is not
text: addictive." Wigand in matching CLOSE-UP states "I believe he
dialog: perjured himself." Then all seven CEOs of Big Tobacco stand
text: up and raise their hands and take an oath in front of
dialog: Congress to tell the truth while Wallace says "...the whole
dialog: line of people, the whole line of CEO's up there, all
text: swearing that." And Wigand says off-screen with great
dialog: emphasis "Part of the reason I'm here is I FELT"...and it
text: cuts to Wigand for a pause that makes the word "FELT" resound
text: and, then, he goes on to say on-camera "that their
dialog: representation clearly misstated what they commonly knew.
dialog: We're a nicotine delivery business." We see the combination
text: of art and truth woven into impact that has an audacity
dialog: that's stirring and beautiful...
scene_heading: EXT. LOUISVILLE - DUSK
text: We see an anonymous rental car moving through downtown
dialog: Louisville.
scene_heading: INT. THE RENTAL CAR - NIGHT
text: It's Jeffrey in the front seat, driven by one of his security
text: men. He's coming home under the cover of darkness. They
text: pass a FLAMING CAR on the freeway shoulder. Jeffrey turns to
text: stare at it. They turn off onto city streets and stop at a
text: light. Jeffrey's nervous. Jeffrey instinctively turns. A
text: Police Car stops alongside. The Policeman looks at him.
text: Eyes meet. Jeffrey looks away. The signal takes forever.
text: It changes. And as the Police Car moves off...
scene_heading: EXT. WIGANDS' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The car's stopped at the curb. Jeffrey gets out. He starts
text: up the walk, and the Second Security Guard quickly crosses
text: the lawn to intercept him...
text: And Jeff opens the door going inside, anxious to be home...
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The house is quiet, dark. Too quiet. Too dark. Something
text: isn't right. He crosses to one of the children's rooms...the
text: master bedroom. The lights are on. Both rooms are empty.
text: He goes into the kitchen and sees a note that's been left for
text: him... He opens it. He sits heavily in a chair, reading the
text: note. The Security Guard peers... And as Jeffrey sits in
dialog: the silent house, the hero come home...
scene_heading: INT. THE CONFERENCE ROOM, CBS - DAY
text: We're at a table. Mike and Lowell laugh at some joke while
text: HELEN CAPERELLI, CBS GENERAL COUNSEL, enters with the
text: President of CBS News, ERIC KLUSTER.
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: Shall I send for coffee? Sorry I'm late.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: No, no, we're fine...
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: Are you sure?
dialog: Also there is Don Hewitt. Caperelli is too well put
text: together, too practiced, too polished.
text: They nod. They don't need coffee.
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, I thought we'd get together
dialog: because there's a legal concept that has
dialog: been getting some new attention recently,
dialog: "tortious interference."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If two people have an agreement, like a
dialog: confidentiality agreement, and one of
dialog: them breaks it because they are induced
dialog: to do so by a 3rd party, the 3rd party
dialog: can be sued for damages for
dialog: interfering...hence, "tortious
dialog: interference."
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: Interfering? That's what we do.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I think what we're trying to tell you is
dialog: that it happens all the time. This is a
dialog: news organization. People are always
dialog: telling us things they shouldn't. We
dialog: have to verify if it's true and in the
dialog: public interest... And if it is, we air
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: After we corroborate it. That's why
dialog: we've never lost a lawsuit and run a
dialog: classy show.
dialog: (impatient, now)
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: And "60 Minutes'" verification is exact.
dialog: And precise. And I don't think it would
dialog: hurt to make sure you're right...on this
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: Why? You think we have liability?
dialog: What's the CBS News' position, Eric?
speaker_heading: ERIC KLUSTER
dialog: There's a possibility, it's rather
dialog: remote...
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: But one we have to check on, Mike. I've
dialog: retained outside counsel to do exactly
dialog: that. On a segment, I might add, that's
dialog: already rife with problems...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What does that mean? "Rife with -- ?"
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: I'm told unusual promises were made to
dialog: Wigand.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No, only that we would hold the story
dialog: until it was safe for him...
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: (cuts in)
dialog: And, I'm told there are questions as to
dialog: our "star witness'" veracity.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (trying to control his anger)
dialog: His "veracity" was good enough for the
dialog: State of Mississippi.
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: (historic)
dialog: Our standards have to be higher than
dialog: anyone else's, because we are the
dialog: standard...for everyone else...
dialog: Whatever that means...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (wry)
dialog: Well, as a "standard"...I'll hang with
dialog: "is the guy telling the truth?"
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: Well, with tortious interference, I'm
dialog: afraid...the greater the truth, the
dialog: greater the damage.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
text: They own the information he's disclosing.
dialog: The truer it is, the greater the damage
dialog: to them. If he lied, he didn't disclose
dialog: their information. And the damages are
dialog: smaller.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Is this "Alice in Wonderland"?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: You said "on this one." What about "this
dialog: one"?
text: And Lowell hears a changed note in Wallace's voice. After a
dialog: beat.
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: (familiar, seductive)
dialog: If this holds up, and it very well may
dialog: not, Mike...but, if it did. And we aired
dialog: this segment? And CBS was sued by Brown
dialog: &amp; Williamson? I think we could be at
dialog: grave risk.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How grace?
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: (and she's been waiting for
dialog: this)
dialog: Well, at the end of the day...because of
dialog: your segment...the Brown &amp; Williamson
dialog: Tobacco Company...could own CBS.
text: As if on cue, the alarm on Helen Caperelli's watch beeps.
text: She glances at it.
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, I am sorry. But I'm due
dialog: upstairs.
text: She gets up, gathering her things.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Is CBS corporate telling CBS News do not
dialog: go to air with this story?
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: You're getting ahead of yourself. We're
dialog: all in this together. We're all CBS.
dialog: We'll find out soon. Thank you,
dialog: gentlemen.
text: And taking up her briefcase, she leaves. Don and Mike rise.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: "Tortious interference"? Sounds like a
text: disease caught by a radio.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: Lunch?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (to Lowell)
dialog: Don't worry, we call the shots around
dialog: here.
text: Lowell finds himself angry and alone. He crosses to the
text: window and pulls out his cell phone and goes to work.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Debbie, it's me. I want you to check
dialog: some filings and give me John Wilson's
dialog: number at Bear-Stern.
scene_heading: INT. CBS, HEWITT'S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
text: Kluster's coming over.
text: Hewitt's on an unrelated call. Lowell crosses to look out
text: the window, a manila folder (the filing) under his arm with
text: whatever he found out, like a bomb, feels distant from these
text: people. The door opens, and Eric Kluster, the President of
text: CBS News enters...
speaker_heading: ERIC KLUSTER
dialog: Hello, Lowell, Mike, Don.
text: Hewitt hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: ERIC KLUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: There has been so much soul searching
dialog: about this Wigand, I've decided we should
dialog: cut an alternate version of the show
dialog: without his interview.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: So, what happened to Ms. Caperelli's
dialog: checking with outside counsel first, all
dialog: that crap?
speaker_heading: ERIC KLUSTER
dialog: That's happening. And, hopefully we
dialog: won't have to use the alternate, but we
dialog: should have it in the can.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I'm not touching my film...
speaker_heading: ERIC KLUSTER
dialog: I'm afraid you are.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No, I'm not...
speaker_heading: ERIC KLUSTER
dialog: We're doing this with or without you,
dialog: Lowell. If you like, I can assign
dialog: another producer to edit your show...
text: Lowell's stunned. He looks like he's been hit with a
dialog: hammer...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Since when has the paragon of
dialog: investigative journalism allowed lawyers
dialog: to determine the news content on "60
dialog: Minutes"?
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: It's an alternate version. So what if we
dialog: have an alternate version? And I don't
dialog: think her being cautious is so damned
dialog: unreasonable.
speaker_heading: ERIC KLUSTER
dialog: (wry)
dialog: So, now, if you'll excuse me, gentlemen,
dialog: Mr. Rather's been complaining about his
dialog: chair again.
dialog: (laughter)
text: As they start to leave...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (mild)
dialog: Before you go...
dialog: And Lowell takes out...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: I discovered this. SEC filing...
dialog: (he gets their attention)
dialog: For the sale of the CBS Corporation to
dialog: Westinghouse Corporation.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: Yeah, I heard rumors.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: It's not a rumor. It's a sale.
dialog: (rhetorical answer)
dialog: If Tisch can unload CBS for $81 a share
text: to Westinghouse and then is suddenly
dialog: threatened with a multibillion-dollar
dialog: lawsuit from Brown &amp; Williamson, that
dialog: could screw up the sale, could it not?
speaker_heading: ERIC KLUSTER
dialog: (serene)
dialog: And what are you implying?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (to Kluster)
dialog: I'm not implying. I'm quoting. More
dialog: vested interests...
dialog: (reading from SEC filing)
dialog: "Persons Who Will Profit From This
dialog: Merger...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ms. Helen Caperelli, General Counsel of
dialog: CBS News, 3.9 million. Mr. Eric Kluster,
dialog: President of CBS News, 1.4 million..."
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: Are you suggesting that she and Eric are
dialog: influenced by money?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Oh, no, of course they're not influenced
dialog: by money. They work for free. And you
dialog: are a Volunteer Executive Producer.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: CBS does not do that. And, you're
dialog: questioning our journalistic integrity?!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No, I'm questioning your hearing! You
dialog: hear "reasonable" and "tortious
dialog: interference." I hear... "Potential
dialog: Brown &amp; Williamson lawsuit jeopardizing
dialog: the sale of CBS to Westinghouse." I
dialog: hear... "Shut the segment down. Cut
dialog: Wigand loose. Obey orders. And fuck
dialog: off...!" That's what I hear.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: You're exaggerating!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I am? You pay me to go get guys like
dialog: Wigand, to draw him out. To get him to
dialog: trust us, to get him to go on television.
text: I do. I deliver him. He sits. He
text: talks. He violates his own fucking
dialog: confidentiality agreement. And he's only
dialog: the key witness in the biggest public
dialog: health reform issue, maybe the biggest,
dialog: most-expensive corporate-malfeasance case
dialog: in U.S. history. And Jeffrey Wigand,
text: who's out on a limb, does he go on
dialog: television and tell the truth? Yes.
dialog: Is it newsworthy? Yes. Are we gonna air
dialog: it? Of course not. Why? Because he's
dialog: not telling the truth? No. Because he
dialog: is telling the truth. That's why we're
dialog: not going to air it. And the more truth
dialog: he tells, the worse it gets!
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: You are a fanatic. An anarchist. You
dialog: know that? If we can't have a whole
dialog: show, then I want half a show rather than
dialog: no show. But oh, no, not you. You won't
dialog: be satisfied unless you're putting the
dialog: company at risk!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: C'mon, what are you? And are you a
dialog: businessman? Or are you a newsman?!
dialog: Because that happens to be what Mike and
dialog: I do for a living...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Lowell.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (runs on)
dialog: "Put the corporation at risk"...? Give
dialog: me a fucking break!
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Lowell.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: These people are putting our whole reason
dialog: for doing what we do...on the line!
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Lowell!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: I'm with Don on this.
dialog: And there it is.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWELL'S HOUSE, BERKELEY - AFTERNOON
text: We see Sharon in a vegetable garden in their side yard...
text: She turns, seeing him standing behind her...
text: After a moment. She knows.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: They're killing the Wigand interview...
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: They're pretending it's process.
dialog: Bullshit, it's foregone.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What are you and Mike going to do?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I'm alone on this...
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, baby...
text: And the phone RINGS... Sharon goes in the house to get it...
text: She comes back out...
speaker_heading: SHARON (CONT'D)
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Jeffrey Wigand...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S OFFICE, BERKELEY - LATE AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Jeffrey...
scene_heading: INT. A HOTEL ROOM, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: And we see Wigand looking rough, unshaven, sitting on a couch
text: in a hotel room. And we see his belongings, clothing, some
text: boxes, a bottle of vodka, his computer, what's left of his
text: world, are around the room.
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Jeffrey, how are you? How's the family,
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: There is - there is no family.
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: What do you mean there is no family?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Liane has filed for divorce...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S OFFICE, BERKELEY - LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: And Lowell's dead quiet.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOTEL ROOM, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: And, so, I moved out... I see the girls
dialog: a couple of days a week...
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Where you staying now?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Our favorite hotel, honey... I checked
dialog: into Room 930. Odd choice? Huh?
dialog: And we don't know what he means by that...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S OFFICE, BERKELEY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The last of the daylight shadows his office.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I don't know how to say this, Jeff,
dialog: except to just say it right out, so I'll
dialog: say it. They do not want to air it.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (stops)
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: B &amp; W may have threatened litigation...
dialog: CBS is on the block...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But you, I mean, I know how...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No? No, what?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I do not think that you "know" for
dialog: me...what it is to walk in my shoes...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...for my kids to have seen it...for them
dialog: to know why I've put them through what I
dialog: did...the public airing of that...the
dialog: testament to why I did what I
dialog: did...you're telling me is not going to
dialog: see the light of day.
text: Lowell's quiet. And Jeffrey starts to hang up...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Jeff...
text: And Jeffrey hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. JEFFREY'S HOTEL ROOM, LOUISIANA - (PROCESS) - NIGHT
text: Jeffrey silently sitting in the chair. We COME AROUND and
text: see why he's been purposely sitting there. Why he's chosen
text: this room. Directly across the street is the Brown &amp;
text: Williamson Building. The lights are on. The building lit
text: up. And in an upstairs office Brown &amp; Williamson lawyers,
text: moving around a conference room, talking. And as Jeffrey
text: looks out the window...
scene_heading: EXT. A SMALL TOWN, UPSTATE NEW YORK - DAY
text: A peaceful, suburban street. Small houses. A PRIVATE
text: INVESTIGATOR (P.I.) from IGI, in a raincoat, getting out of a
text: car, going up the walk. He knocks on the door. Some
text: moments. A Woman in her late forties, handicapped, in an
text: electric cart answers the door...
dialog: P.I.
dialog: Mrs. Wigand?
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: It hasn't been Mrs. Wigand for some time.
dialog: P.I.
dialog: Well, I'm an investigator and I was - I
dialog: was wondering if I could ask you a couple
dialog: of questions about that?
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: Alright...
scene_heading: INT. JOHN SCANLON'S PUBLIC RELATIONS FIRM, A MEDIA ROOM,
scene_heading: NEW YORK - DAY
text: And on a TELEVISION SCREEN, SUSAN WIGAND, the woman in the
text: electric cart, giving a taped interview to the P.I....
speaker_heading: SUSAN WIGAND
dialog: ...seven months after we were married we
dialog: found out that I had multiple
dialog: sclerosis...
text: We PULL BACK to see John Scanlon and his Staff watching the
dialog: tape... His firm's logo, public relations campaigns for some
text: of his high-profile clients are on the walls. Scanlon's on
text: the phone talking with somebody as the tape runs...
speaker_heading: P.I.'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (on television)
dialog: And, you had a daughter, Diane, with him,
dialog: is that correct?
speaker_heading: SUSAN WIGAND
dialog: (on television)
dialog: Yes, in 1973.
speaker_heading: JOHN SCANLON
dialog: (on the phone, whispering)
dialog: ...come on, Tommy Sandefur told me
dialog: himself, he's not gonna allow Brown &amp;
dialog: Williamson to be demonized to the
dialog: American public, so I told Peter Jennings
dialog: and I...hold on...
text: He stops, listening to the videotape...
speaker_heading: P.I.'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (on television)
dialog: Would it be fair to say when he divorced
dialog: you he left you in a precarious
dialog: situation? You had multiple sclerosis;
dialog: you had a small child to raise.
speaker_heading: JOHN SCANLON
dialog: (ignoring that part; to staff)
dialog: Mention that part in the executive
dialog: summary and in the chapters "First Wife"
dialog: and "Estrangement of Daughter."
dialog: (beat; into phone)
dialog: So, I was telling Pete, I said, "You've
dialog: been taken in by this guy...
speaker_heading: SUSAN WIGAND
dialog: (on television)
dialog: Yes...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you have to understand, the divorce
dialog: was something that we both wanted...
speaker_heading: JOHN SCANLON
dialog: He's a total bullshit artist. He's a
text: shoplifter. He's a convicted shoplifter.
text: And as we end in a sea of documents, affidavits, court
dialog: records, all from Louisville, all about Jeffrey. We
dialog: understand the war has only been begun...
scene_heading: INT. CBS, "60 MINUTES," CORRIDOR, LOWELL'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Lowell, in his office, his door open for anyone to see him,
text: an immovable force, sitting behind his desk. Hewitt appears
text: in his doorway...
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: (after a beat, cold)
dialog: So, what are you going to do?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Well, what do you think I'm going to do?
dialog: Quit in protest? I'm not going to do
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You're taking "no" for an answer?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No. I'm not going to take "no" for an
dialog: answer. No.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: Then what are you going to do?
text: Hewitt looks at him...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I'm staying right here. Doing my job.
dialog: Fighting to get my show on the air. You
dialog: don't like it? Hey, I'll tell you
dialog: what...fire my ass...
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
text: End up in a high-profile lawsuit with
dialog: Lowell, the First Amendment martyr? I
dialog: don't think so.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Take a look at this... This is a summary
text: of a dossier that's being prepared.
text: And he gives him a copy of it.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT (CONT'D)
dialog: He would lie about his whole life...?
dialog: Who's going to believe him about anything
dialog: he says...?
dialog: (a beat, and the coup de grace)
dialog: <i>The Wall Street Journal</i>'s doing a major
dialog: story and I think the <i>Post</i>. You backed
dialog: the wrong horse...
text: He turns and starts off along the hall. As he goes...
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT (cont'd)
dialog: (his parting shot)
dialog: The version without his interview is
dialog: going to air the week after next.
text: Lowell watches him walk away. Debbie enters.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: What was that about?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Get me Wigand.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: ...fuck is this? Fuck!
scene_heading: INT. THE PHONE BOOTH, HIGH SCHOOL, LOUISVILLE - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (on the phone, upset)
dialog: You never told me you were married
dialog: before...that you had a daughter...
text: And Wigand is in the phone booth at the High
dialog: School...students walking by...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: Well, how is that any of your business?!
dialog: That is not something that you people
dialog: need to know!
text: His voice carries, a student looks over...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Oh, you know what we do or do not need to
dialog: know? Since when have you become a media
dialog: expert?
scene_heading: INT. THE PHONE BOOTH, LOUISVILLE HIGH SCHOOL - DAY
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (upset)
dialog: What do you want to do, Lowell, look up
dialog: my ass, too...!
text: And he realizes he's said it too loud, a couple of passing
text: students stop, looking at him...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S OFFICE, CBS - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Oh, my God.
speaker_heading: WIGAND'S VOICE (OVER)
text: (after a beat, lowering his
dialog: voice, but contentious)
dialog: You're not even on this anymore... What
dialog: do you care?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Jeff! Wake the fuck up! Everybody is on
dialog: the line here. If they can catch you in
dialog: a lie, they can paint everything with
dialog: that brush. Do you understand?
dialog: Everything you say!
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I told the truth!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Everything...you...say! And I can't
dialog: defend you, man, with one hand tied
dialog: behind my back! Because you keep from
dialog: me...what they can discover. And they
dialog: will discover everything! Believe me.
scene_heading: INT. THE PHONE BOOTH, LOUISVILLE HIGH SCHOOL - DAY
text: Wigand's quiet. He looks out the phone booth. After some
dialog: moments...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (meaning his first wife and
dialog: their child, upset)
dialog: ...I was young. I was
dialog: young...confused... We didn't handle it
dialog: the right way...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S OFFICE, NEW YORK - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: She sued you for back payments of child
dialog: support?
scene_heading: INT. THE PHONE BOOTH, LOUISVILLE HIGH SCHOOL - DAY
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: She did not sue me. We had a dispute
dialog: over money... I settled it, she dropped
dialog: the complaint...
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Any other questions?
dialog: And we'll go back and forth...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yes. Did you lie about being on the
dialog: American Judo Team in the Olympics?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Some public relations guy got a hold of a
dialog: tape of an interview...where you're
dialog: saying you were on the American Judo Team
dialog: in the Olympics...?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (explosive)
dialog: What kind of shit is this? I was not on
dialog: the team, I sparred with the Olympic
dialog: Team...okay?
text: And we see, unbeknownst to Wigand, the P.I. in the raincoat,
text: who interviewed his ex-wife, coming out of an administration
text: office, walking towards us along the hallways...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Alright...the ABC Telemarketing Company?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: ABC...?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: ABC Telemarketing Company.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (the absurdity)
dialog: A can opener! A $39.95 can opener. I
dialog: cancelled payment... It was junk.
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: You ever bounce a check, Lowell? You
dialog: ever look at another woman's tits? You
dialog: ever cheat a little on your taxes?
dialog: (a beat, angry)
dialog: Whose life, if you look at it under a
dialog: microscope, doesn't have any flaws...?
text: The P.I. in the raincoat passes Jeffrey, now, and doesn't
text: even glance at him...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: That's the whole point, Jeffrey. That's
dialog: the whole point. Anyone's. Everyone's.
dialog: They are gonna look under every rock, dig
dialog: up every flaw, every mistake you've ever
dialog: made. They are going to distort and
dialog: exaggerate everything you've ever done,
dialog: man. Don't you understand?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: What does this have to do with my
dialog: testimony?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: That's not the point.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: What does this have to do with my
dialog: testimony?! I told the truth! It's
dialog: valid and true and provable!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: That's not the fucking point, whether you
dialog: told the truth or not! Hello...?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: I told the truth... I told the truth.
text: And Wigand's quiet, a deep, dark depression. The school bell
text: RING snaps him out of it...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I've got to teach class. I've got to go.
dialog: I've got to teach class.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (undaunted)
dialog: And I've got to refute every fucking
dialog: accusation made in this report before <i>The
dialog: Wall Street Journal</i> runs.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I am trying to protect you, man!
dialog: Wigand's quiet.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (after a beat, the killer)
dialog: Well, I hope you improve your batting
dialog: average.
text: And he SLAMS the phone down. And as he stands in the phone
text: booth, like a man in a glass booth, all alone...
scene_heading: EXT. CBS BUILDING, ROOFTOP - DAY
text: ON the door to the roof. It SLAMS open. An enraged Lowell
text: enters and walks out into the cold rain. Like a prize-
text: fighter, shoulders hunched against the cold, he buries his
text: hands in his jacket pockets. He crosses to the edge of the
text: roof high above the city. He's pissed off. He takes out his
text: cell phone. He dials... Lowell hears background NOISE...
scene_heading: INT. <i>WALL STREET JOURNAL</i> - NEWS MEETING - DAY
text: Twenty sub-editors and section heads sit and stand in a clear
text: area... One of them, a large man, is CHARLIE PHILLIPS on a
dialog: cell phone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (cautious)
dialog: It's Lowell. Are you guys planning to do
dialog: a piece on a former top executive in Big
dialog: Tobacco?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: You caught me in a news meeting.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Well, are you or are you not, Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: You bet we are. And I can't talk to you
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: We gotta hook up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: Sure. Where?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: P.J.'s.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: I'll be there.
scene_heading: INT. A PHONE BOOTH, NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: A busy New York street. Light mist. And we see Lowell is on
text: the phone in a phone booth...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah, I got it. 500 pages of it. They
dialog: looked in every corner of this guy's
dialog: life...from a spousal abuse charge, to
dialog: shoplifting, to a traffic ticket he got
dialog: once for running a red light. It's Terry
dialog: Lenzner's outfit, IGI. Jack, listen to
dialog: me. Their strategy: discredit this guy,
dialog: ruin his reputation in <i>The Wall Street
dialog: Journal</i>, and then nobody will ever listen
dialog: to what he's got to say about tobacco.
dialog: He's dead. Unless I can get this thing
dialog: knocked down.
scene_heading: INT. A HOUSE IN SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT
text: A townhouse with a commanding view of the Bay. And we see a
text: broad-shouldered man in his late forties sitting at a desk on
text: the phone. JACK PALLADINO. His wife, SANDRA SUTHERLAND,
text: sitting across from him on another phone. They're Private
dialog: Investigators...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: To make it even a little more attractive,
dialog: I don't know if you're ever gonna get
dialog: paid.
speaker_heading: SANDRA SUTHERLAND
dialog: Is there any truth to any of it?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: That's a good question. "Is there any
dialog: truth to any of it?" I doubt it.
speaker_heading: PALLADINO
dialog: What's their deadline?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Soon.
text: Palladinos exchange looks; she nods.
speaker_heading: PALLADINO
dialog: Fax me the summary.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: That's great, Jack.
text: Lowell hangs up and walks towards us to enter...
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on Lowell entering, moving through the crowd of sports
text: writers, feature writers, sub-editors, etc. He comes upon a
text: rugged-featured man, JIM COOPER from <i>The New York Times</i>,
text: sitting next to Charlie.
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER
dialog: Hey, Lowell.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: How are you, Jim?
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER
dialog: Hey, listen, I hear you guys are sitting
dialog: on something sensational over there.
text: Lowell looks at Cooper quizzically.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Really? Hi, Joan.
text: Just then Jim's wife enters. They exchange greetings.
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER
dialog: Hi, baby.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Catch you later.
text: Cooper and his wife leave. Charlie and Lowell are alone in
text: the crowded bar.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: When's your deadline?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: Monday.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Push it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: What? Forget it.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: It's a smear campaign, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: It's drawn from a selectively
dialog: circulated...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (cuts in)
dialog: Oh, it's real selective...about as hard
dialog: to get a hold of as the Manhattan phone
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: Well, it's authoritative and is
text: overwhelmingly documented.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: And it's bullshit. And if I'm right, are
dialog: you going to put the <i>Journal</i>'s reputation
text: behind a story that's going to blow up in
dialog: your face?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: I'll take a look at what you got. But I'm
dialog: not moving any deadlines 'cause you say
dialog: so.
dialog: That's the way it lays. In a different, personal tone...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS (cont'd)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah. Catch you later.
scene_heading: INT. A COFFEE SHOP, LOUISVILLE - DAY
text: And we see a Policeman sitting at the counter having a cup of
dialog: coffee...
speaker_heading: SANDRA SUTHERLAND
dialog: Officer Murabchick?
text: He turns as Sandra Sutherland sits at the counter to the left
dialog: of him.
speaker_heading: SANDRA SUTHERLAND (cont'd)
dialog: Officer Muravchick. How are you? I'm
dialog: Sandra Sutherland.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: SANDRA SUTHERLAND
dialog: Fine, thank you. I'm doing a background
dialog: check. Mind if I sit down?
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM, LOUISVILLE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: An older Man is on the bench. He's just recessed his court.
text: As everybody streams out, going against the tide is Jack
text: Palladino. He approaches the judge, crossing to a side
dialog: door...
speaker_heading: PALLADINO
dialog: Your honor, could I have a word with you?
dialog: You presided in a dispute over support
dialog: payments...
scene_heading: INT. A COFFEE SHOP, LOUISVILLE - DAY
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Jeffrey Wigand? Yeah, I cited him.
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM, CBS - DAY
speaker_heading: DAN RATHER
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: CBS is under criticism, because the CBS
dialog: News program "60 Minutes" will not be
dialog: presenting an interview...
text: Lowell's destroying his own work product, taking apart his
dialog: creation that we saw earlier to be so impactful. Tony gets a
text: call as Hewitt enters.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What does it look like I'm doing? I'm
dialog: editing.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: No, not that. I'm talking about the
dialog: Associated Press. They got this story
dialog: that we pulled this interview and they
dialog: talked to Mike and I. Did you tell them
dialog: that we were lying?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No. I should have. I told them I
dialog: disagreed with you, Mike and Kluster that
dialog: this segment is as good as the original.
dialog: I'm not lying for you. I'm not gonna
dialog: shut up for you. Not on any of it.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: Hey! I'm not going to fire you, okay?
dialog: Take a vacation. Now!
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S OFFICE - EVENING
text: A suitcase is on the floor. Lowell, finishing packing up his
text: things from his office.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Lowell. I decided to preface Sunday's
dialog: show. I did three minutes on the
dialog: "Evening News." You'll want to see it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where you going?
text: And he sees Wallace has stopped at his door...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I've been banished. In lieu of being
dialog: fired.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (disinterested)
dialog: I took off on Tisch. I took off on
dialog: corporate. They'll know they're not
dialog: going to see everything on Sunday
dialog: night...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I don't know. How does that get Wigand
dialog: on the air?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (goes up)
dialog: Do me a favor, will you? Spare me, for
dialog: God's sake. Get in the real world. What
dialog: do you think? I'm going to resign in
dialog: protest? To force it on the air? The
dialog: answer is "no." I don't plan to spend
dialog: the end of my days wandering in the
dialog: wilderness of National Public Radio.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That decision I've already made.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (from corridor; to Mike)
dialog: It just started, Mike...
text: Wallace waves Lowell's remark aside and exits. We dwell on
text: Lowell until he exits...
scene_heading: INT. CBS CORRIDOR - EVENING
text: ...into the hall. Dan Rather introduced Mike. As Lowell
text: exits, we SEE Hewitt, Kluster and Caperelli outside of
text: Hewitt's office watching... Lowell, disgusted, takes a
text: cursory look and moves towards the elevator. But he hears...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Where's the rest? Where the hell's the
dialog: rest?!!
text: Lowell turns to see Wallace shouting up at the monitors in
dialog: disbelief...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (CONT'D)
dialog: You cut it! You cut the guts out of what
dialog: I said...!
text: Wallace moves in on Kluster...
speaker_heading: ERIC KLUSTER
dialog: It was a time consideration, Mike...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Time? Bullshit! You corporate lackey!
dialog: Who told you your incompetent little
dialog: fingers had the requisite skills to edit
dialog: me! I'm trying to Band-Aid a situation,
dialog: here, and you're too dim to...
speaker_heading: HELEN CAPERELLI
dialog: (interrupts, familiar)
dialog: Mike... Mike... Mike...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: "Mike?"
text: It was a big mistake. Now, he turns on her. Zeroing in,
dialog: getting closer...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (CONT'D)
dialog: "Mike?" Try "Mr. Wallace." We work in
dialog: the same corporation doesn't mean we work
dialog: in the same profession. What are you
dialog: gonna do now? You gonna finesse me?
dialog: Lawyer me some more? I've been in this
dialog: profession fifty fucking years. You and
dialog: the people you work for are destroying
dialog: the most-respected, the highest-rated,
dialog: the most-profitable show on this network!
scene_heading: EXT. THE EAST RIVER - NIGHT
text: A Range Rover pulls up. Charlie Phillips gets out. He
text: crosses to Lowell who's been waiting by his own taxi.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Here.
text: He hands Charlie a folder with the brown notebook inside that
dialog: is the partially complete Palladino/Sutherland/Lowell work
dialog: product.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: These are their leads, their sources. I
dialog: want you to have your reporters...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: Suein Hwang and Milo Geyelin.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Have them make their own calls. They'll
dialog: find that these sources have a different
dialog: story than the one that's in the
dialog: dossier...
dialog: (demands)
dialog: Push the deadline, Charlie...
text: Charlie starts looking through the Palladino/
dialog: Sutherland/Lowell work product. Meanwhile...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE PHILLIPS
dialog: I'll push it for a week. Let Milo and
dialog: Suein go through it.
scene_heading: INT. WIGANDS' HOUSE #2, KITCHEN - DAY
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: What do you want to buy him for a gift?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: He's into kind of little cars, that...
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: That remote control thing?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Alright, we'll do that tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: LIANE
dialog: Yes, baby?
speaker_heading: BARBARA
dialog: There's Dad, on TV.
scene_heading: INT. A BAR, LOUISVILLE - DAY
text: And we see Jeffrey in a quiet Bar. The television's on, the
text: sound low, the midday news. As Jeffrey looks up and sees his
text: photograph on TELEVISION. In his LOCAL WORLD the impact is:
speaker_heading: LOCAL NEWSCASTER
dialog: And in local news, WLKO Louisville has
dialog: gained access to a five-hundred-page
dialog: dossier on former Brown &amp; Williamson
dialog: research head Jeffrey Wigand detailing
dialog: charges of spousal abuse, shoplifting...
text: And Jeffrey looks as if something just detonated inside of
dialog: him.
text: WE'RE LOOKING AT MIKE WALLACE SITTING IN FRONT OF A BACKDROP
text: ON "60 MINUTES," ON A TELEVISION...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: And Jeffrey sitting alone in the hotel, watching the show...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes")
dialog: "...thousands of documents from inside
dialog: the tobacco industry have surfaced over
dialog: the past year, documents that appear to
dialog: confirm what a former..."
text: And as we look at Jeffrey's face, set in stone...
scene_heading: INT. THE CARIBBEAN BUNGALOW - DAY/NIGHT
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes")
dialog: "...US Surgeon General and the current
dialog: head of the Food and Drug Administration
dialog: have been saying. We learned of..."
scene_heading: INT. DON HEWITT'S HOUSE, THE HAMPTONS - NIGHT
text: And Don Hewitt in his house in the Hamptons, alone in his
text: bedroom, watching the show...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes")
dialog: "...a tobacco insider who could tell us
dialog: whether or not the tobacco industry has
dialog: been leveling with the public..."
scene_heading: INT. MIKE WALLACE'S APARTMENT, NEW YORK - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes")
dialog: "...that insider was formerly a highly-
dialog: placed executive with a tobacco
dialog: company..."
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes")
dialog: "...but we cannot broadcast what critical
dialog: information about tobacco, addiction and
dialog: public health he might be able to offer.
dialog: Why? Because he had to sign a
dialog: confidentiality agreement with the
dialog: tobacco company he worked for..."
scene_heading: INT. MIKE WALLACE'S APARTMENT, NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: Mike Wallace is in his study, watching the show alone. As we
text: slowly move in on Mike, seeing himself on television...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes")
dialog: "The management of CBS has told us that
dialog: knowing he had that agreement..."
text: And the look on his face says: HE DOES NOT LIKE THIS.
scene_heading: INT. THE CARIBBEAN BUNGALOW - DAY/NIGHT
text: Lowell silently watching the broadcast...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes")
dialog: "...if were to broadcast an interview
dialog: with him, CBS could be faced with a
dialog: multibillion-dollar lawsuit..."
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: Jeffrey, watching the show...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes," from the
dialog: interview with Wigand...)
dialog: "The fact is, we are not allowed even to
dialog: mention his name or the name of the
dialog: company he worked for and, of course, we
dialog: cannot show you his face... '...and your
dialog: confidentiality agreement with...(blip)
dialog: is still in force?'"
text: And all we can hear is an ELECTRONICALLY-ALTERED VOICE and
text: the BLANKED-OUT image of a man...
speaker_heading: WIGAND'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: "Yes, it is."
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes")
dialog: "So, what are they gonna do? Sue you for
dialog: making this appearance?"
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: "I would bet on it."
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (on "60 Minutes")
dialog: "The former executive has reason to bet
dialog: on being sued, for major cigarette
dialog: manufacturers..."
text: Jeffrey, motionless... A man, no longer with a face or a
text: voice... And as he gets up, and quietly turns off the
dialog: television...
scene_heading: INT. MIKE WALLACE'S APARTMENT, NEW YORK - NIGHT, LATER
text: Wallace, hasn't moved, still in his chair. He stares,
text: ignoring the CBS programming, on the phone, making a call...
scene_heading: EXT. THE CARIBBEAN BEACH - NIGHT
text: Lowell, walking up the sand, his cell phone rings.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: You disappeared on me. How long you
dialog: staying?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (absurd)
dialog: I disappeared on you?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (meaning the show)
dialog: Alright. What did you think?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I think it was a disgrace.
text: The look on Wallace's face says he thinks so, too. It's
text: obvious. He hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWELL'S BUNGALOW, THE CARIBBEAN - NIGHT
text: Lowell is on the phone, now. The moon lights the water, the
text: empty beach. He listens as a phone, through STATIC, RINGS
speaker_heading: and RINGS and RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. WIGAND'S HOTEL ROOM, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: And we hear the phone RINGING. We slowly PAN across the
text: hotel room. We see on the floor a pair of men's tasseled
text: loafers... A discarded sport jacket... And we see Jeffrey,
text: barefoot, sitting in a chair in the center of the room. He's
text: looking out the window at B&amp;W. The curtains are blowing...
text: And he's still... The sound of the phone RINGING and
dialog: RINGING...
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH, THE CARIBBEAN - NIGHT
speaker_heading: AN OPERATOR'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Sir, there's still no answer in that
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Alright. Get me the manager's office...
scene_heading: INT. THE HOTEL MANAGER'S OFFICE, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: HOTEL DESK CLERK
dialog: David? David, you've got a call on line
dialog: 4. I think you better take it.
text: A thin Man answers the phone.
speaker_heading: THE HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: This is David MacDougal. How can I help
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Mr. MacDougal, my name is Lowell Bergman.
dialog: I'm a producer for "60 Minutes"...
dialog: I'm concerned with a friend of mine who's
dialog: staying at your hotel right now.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOTEL CORRIDOR, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: And we see the Hotel Manager, walking along with a Security
text: Guard, and now KNOCKING on Jeffrey's door...
text: And when there is no response, the Manager nods to the
text: Security Guard, the Guard using a pass key, unlocking the
text: door. But the door stops, the chain-lock drawn. The Manager
text: looks in through the chain...and he can see Jeffrey sitting
dialog: in the chair...
speaker_heading: THE HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Mr. Wigand? Mr. Wigand?
text: Jeffrey's still. The Manager quickly takes a cell phone from
dialog: the Security Guard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CARIBBEAN - NIGHT
text: Lowell, standing on the beach anxiously waiting.
speaker_heading: THE HOTEL MANAGER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (upset)
dialog: I think I need to call the police. He
dialog: won't respond...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No, no. Don't call the police!
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Just tell him I'm on the phone with
dialog: you... My name is Lowell Bergman...
dialog: Just tell him that.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOTEL CORRIDOR, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: THE HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: (through the door, frightened)
text: Mr. Wigand...Mr. Bergman is on the
dialog: telephone.
text: Jeffrey's quiet.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CARIBBEAN - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Did he hear you?
speaker_heading: THE HOTEL MANAGER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: You're breaking up. I can't hear you.
text: Lowell goes deeper into the water.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: What about now?
speaker_heading: THE HOTEL MANAGER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Hello, can you hear me now?
scene_heading: INT. WIGAND'S HOTEL ROOM, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: And now the walls behind MORPH into a green daytime garden,
text: the garden behind his house. And as we DOLLY AROUND Wigand,
text: more walls MORPH into the side yard, and, turning slowly, he
text: sees Barbara and Deborah in the emerald-green grass. They
text: stop and smile, then they stare at us, at their father. And
text: he looks at his children, at an idyll lost... The chair, the
text: man are the only real objects left in the view from inside
dialog: his head...
scene_heading: EXT. THE CARIBBEAN - NIGHT
text: Lowell anxiously moves along the beach, trying to be heard,
text: the phone chattering with static...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: What's happening?!
speaker_heading: THE HOTEL MANAGER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (afraid)
text: He doesn't seem to be listening...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
text: (on the cell phone, shouts,
dialog: urgent)
dialog: Alright, now listen to me. I want you -
dialog: I want you to tell him, in these words:
dialog: get on the fucking phone...!
speaker_heading: THE HOTEL MANAGER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: I can't say that!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No, you can. Tell him to get on the
dialog: fucking phone!
scene_heading: INT. THE HOTEL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: THE HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: (at the door, to Jeffrey, loud)
dialog: He told me to tell you, to get on...the
dialog: fucking phone...!
text: And even he's surprised by his language. And suddenly
text: Jeffrey gets up, unlatches the door, grabs the phone from the
text: Hotel Manager. Wigand in the hotel corridor, Lowell standing
text: knee-deep in the water...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (on the phone, angry)
dialog: You manipulated me into this...!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: That's bullshit, Jeff!
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: You greased the rails!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I greased the rails for a guy who wanted
dialog: to say yes. I helped him to say yes.
dialog: Alright. You're not a robot, Jeff!
dialog: That's all. You got a mind of your own,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (running on)
dialog: "Up to you, Jeffrey. That's the power
dialog: you have, Jeffrey. Vital insider
dialog: information the American public need to
dialog: know." Lowell Bergman, the hot show who
dialog: never met a source he couldn't turn
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (running on)
dialog: I fought for you...and I still fight for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: You fought for me...?!
dialog: (running on)
dialog: ...you manipulated me...into where I am
text: now...staring at the Brown &amp; Williamson
text: Building. It's all dark. Except the
dialog: 10th floor! That's the legal department.
dialog: That's where they fuck with my life!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jeffrey, where you going with this? So
dialog: where you goin'?
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: You are important to a lot of people,
dialog: Jeffrey. You think about that. You
dialog: think about them.
text: CLOSE ON JEFFREY: standing in the room with the blowing
dialog: curtains...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm running out of heroes, man...
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Guys like you are in short supply.
text: And for the first time, Wigand smiles.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (a beat, wry)
dialog: Yeah, guys like you, too.
text: And the grave situation passes.
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Where are you, anyway?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I'm on a leave of absence. Forced
dialog: vacation.
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (a rare laugh, his sarcasm)
dialog: You try and have a good time.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (droll)
dialog: Yeah. Yeah, I will.
scene_heading: INT. THE CARIBBEAN BUNGALOW - DAY/NIGHT
text: Sharon's cooking across the room... And there's just the
text: sound of the ceiling fan turning.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: "I'm Lowell Bergman, I'm from '60
dialog: Minutes.'" You know, you take the "60
dialog: Minutes" out of that sentence, nobody
dialog: returns your phone call. Maybe Wigand's
dialog: right. Maybe I'm hooked. What am I
dialog: hooked on? The rush? "60 Minutes"?
dialog: What the hell for? Infotainment. It's
dialog: so fucking useless, all of it.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: So, it's a big country with a free press.
dialog: You can go work somewhere else.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Free press? Press is free...for anyone
text: who owns one. Larry Tisch has a free
dialog: press.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Get some perspective, Lowell.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I got perspective.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: No, you do not.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: From my perspective, what's been going on
dialog: and what I've been doing is ridiculous.
dialog: It's half-measures.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: You're not listening.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Really know what you're going to do
dialog: before you do it.
text: And as the fan squeaks, turning... Lowell stares at Sharon.
text: WE SEE SNOW IS ON THE GROUND.
scene_heading: EXT. LINCOLN, MONTANA - DAY
text: Between two curved colonnades of SNOW-covered trees drives a
text: rental car. CLOSER, it's Lowell. His POV spots a dirty SUV
text: and he pulls into park across from a coffee shop in this out-
text: of-context mountain town. His pager beeps. He looks at it.
text: He detours from the coffee shop to a pay phone on the corner
dialog: of the Moose Lodge.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: I've got Richard Scruggs on the phone...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Patch him through.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS' VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Well, Lowell, you are not going to
dialog: believe this...
scene_heading: INT. A COURTROOM + ROTUNDA, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: And we see the back of a crowded courtroom. Richard Scruggs
text: is standing in the rear amongst bailiffs an witnesses,
text: talking on his own cell phone.
speaker_heading: RICAHRD SCRUGGS
dialog: The Governor of Mississippi is suing his
dialog: own Attorney General...to abandon
dialog: litigation against Big Tobacco...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Oh, good...
text: Waiting media are relaxing as Scruggs continues to Lowell...
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: But, now that the version without Jeff
dialog: ran...what's the chance of getting his
dialog: interview on the air...?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hello?
text: Sudden STATIC. Scruggs now exits the building, past the
text: metal detector, seeking better reception.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah, I'm here.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE STAIRS, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: What chance is there of getting Jeff's
dialog: interview on the air...?
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (droll)
dialog: Less than great.
text: And the courthouse doors suddenly burst open, Michael Moore
text: and his attorneys coming out. Scruggs comes further down the
text: steps so he can hear, away from Michael Moore who begins
dialog: answering questions from the Press.
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: ...I'd be lying to you if I did not tell
dialog: you how important it was in the court of
dialog: public opinion...
scene_heading: EXT. THE PHONE BOOTH, LINCOLN, MONTANA - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: ...and I'd be lying to you if I didn't
dialog: tell you, I'm about out of moves, Dick...
speaker_heading: RICHARD SCRUGGS
dialog: All right. See you...
scene_heading: INT. CAFE, LINCOLN, MONTANA - DAY
text: Lowell walks right in and up to a booth and a COUPLE in
text: hiking pants and hiking boots. They look up at him...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Hi. So, what are you folks doing here in
dialog: Lincoln?
dialog: And we sense something is all wrong here.
speaker_heading: MAN GEOLOGIST
dialog: (affable)
dialog: Geology survey.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Geology. Yeah? Really?
speaker_heading: WOMAN GEOLOGIST
dialog: How about you?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (direct)
dialog: I work for CBS News.
speaker_heading: MAN GEOLOGIST
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Oh, yeah?
text: Lowell nods. They look at each other and they both know
text: there's a lot more than meets the eye. And as Lowell gets up
dialog: and leaves...
scene_heading: EXT. A PAY PHONE, LINCOLN, MONTANA - DAY
text: And we see Lowell on the PAY PHONE again.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Just ran into two of your "geologists."
dialog: Geologists whose hands aren't all chewed
dialog: up...?
speaker_heading: BILL ROBERTSON'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Lowell?
scene_heading: INT. THE FBI, BILL ROBERTSON'S OFFICE, WASHINGTON - DAY
text: And we see Bill Robertson's on the phone...
speaker_heading: BILL ROBERTSON
dialog: Do not...screw this up. We are a week
dialog: away from an arrest...
scene_heading: EXT. THE PAY PHONE, LINCOLN, MONTANA - DAY
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: So, I'll hold it... And...
speaker_heading: BILL ROBERTSON'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: We'll give you a heads up before we
dialog: launch.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: BILL ROBERTSON'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Three hours.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: You got a deal.
dialog: (hangs up)
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S ROOM, MOTEL, MONTANA - NIGHT
text: Lowell is in a T-shirt and sweat pants, sitting in an old, re-
text: upholstered-one-too-many-times chair in a room barely big
text: enough for a chair, a bed and the TV/VCR combo on the cheap
text: dresser. It's playing Lowell's cut of the full Wigand
text: interview. He watches the show that will never see the light
dialog: of day.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: "...like the testimony before Congress of
dialog: Dr. Wigand's former boss, Brown &amp;
dialog: Williamson's Chief Executive Officer,
dialog: Thomas Sandefur."
speaker_heading: THOMAS SANDEFUR
speaker_heading: (in CLOSE-UP)
dialog: "I believe that nicotine is not
dialog: addictive."
speaker_heading: WIGAND
speaker_heading: (in matching CLOSE-UP)
dialog: "I believe Mr. Sandefur perjured
dialog: himself... Because I watched those
dialog: testimonies very carefully."
text: Then it cuts to all seven CEOs of Big Tobacco raising their
text: hands and taking the oath in front of Congress to tell the
dialog: truth while...
speaker_heading: WALLACE'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: "All of us did...there was this whole
dialog: like of people, the whole line of CEOs up
dialog: there, all swearing that."
speaker_heading: WIGAND'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: "Part of the reason I'm here is I
dialog: FELT..."
text: And the PAUSE after the word makes "FELT" resound, and as it
text: CUTS TO Jeffrey ON CAMERA saying...
speaker_heading: WIGAND (CONT'D)
dialog: "...that their representation..."
text: And Lowell FREEZES after the image... He gets up, looking
text: out the window through the curtain with the spill from the
text: neon motel sign. Outside are horse trailers. He goes back
text: to watching the show...standing there...in touch with his
dialog: own creative work product and the ideas inherent in it in
dialog: this decision-making process that we feel is critical to him.
text: Turning, he dials the phone and we intercut with...
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Jim, it's Lowell.
scene_heading: INT. <i>NEW YORK TIMES</i> - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER
dialog: Hey! Where are you?
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (doesn't answer)
dialog: Remember that night at P.J.'s? You asked
dialog: me if we were sitting on something
dialog: "explosive"?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well, we're not "sitting on" it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: CBS corporate leaned on CBS News which
dialog: yanked an interview we did with a top-
dialog: ranking tobacco scientist. A corporate
text: officer. They are trying to close down
dialog: the story.
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: You mean, "60 Minutes" is letting CBS
dialog: corporate decide what is or is not news?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What's Wallace think about this, or
dialog: Hewitt, or...?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: How prominent? What kind of placement?
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER
dialog: Oh, c'mon, Lowell. This is <i>The New York
dialog: Times</i>. I don't know...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Well, until you do, all I can tell you is
dialog: what you already know...they will not air
dialog: an interview.
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER
dialog: Call me back in ten.
text: Lowell hangs up. Re-dials.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE DELUCA'S APARTMENT - NEW YORK - LATE NIGHT
text: Debbie answers, intercutting with above...
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Debbie. It's me...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: Hi. What time is it?
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Oh, it's late.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: That I know. When are you coming back?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I can't get out of here til mid-morning.
dialog: I'll be in tomorrow night...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Listen, could you call a number for me,
dialog: it's in Mississippi...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: Okay. Hold on a second... What is it?
scene_heading: INT. <i>NEW YORK TIMES</i> - NIGHT
text: Jim Cooper's workstation. His phone rings. He grabs it.
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: LOWELL'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Lowell.
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER
dialog: Alright, Lowell. Page one. Editorial's
dialog: interested. Let's talk.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL, LINCOLN, MONTANA - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Here's how it works. You ask me
dialog: questions. I tell you if you're wrong.
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Lowell?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: You're sure you want to do this?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Hey, it doesn't work? You've burned your
dialog: bridges, man.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: You ready...?
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: Okay... About this whistle-blower...
dialog: Did Mike and Don go along with the
dialog: corporate decision?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER'S VOICE (OVER)(cont'd)
dialog: Lowell?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Did I tell you you were wrong?
speaker_heading: JIM COOPER'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm assuming the cave-in begins with the
dialog: threat of litigation from Big Tobacco.
dialog: Are we talking...are we talking Brown &amp;
dialog: Williamson, here?
text: MOVING CLOSER into the face of Lowell. His gaze falters.
text: His eyes go back to the motel TV mutely frozen on the show.
text: Whatever he's seeing there, his gaze is steadfast.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, NEW YORK - 5:30 A.M.
text: Newspaper box is loaded with <i>The New York Times</i>.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL, NEW YORK - 5:30 A.M.
text: Cab pulls to curb and a raincoated Man emerges. We SEE he
dialog: carries a copy of this morning's <i>New York Times</i>.
scene_heading: INT. A HOTEL ROOM, NEW YORK - DAWN
text: A suitcase is half-unpacked on the floor...a sleeping
text: figure... There's a knock. Irritated, a sleeping Lowell
text: gets up to answer it. He looks through the security peep
text: hole. He opens it. And Mike Wallace, a newspaper under his
text: arm, is standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Did I get you up?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No, I usually sit around in my hotel
text: room, dressed like this at 5:30 in the
text: morning, sleepy look on my face.
text: There's an awkward quiet. Mike enters. He slows, looks
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: How many shows have we done? Huh?
dialog: C'mon, how many?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Oh, lots.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Yeah, that's right.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: But in all that time, Mike, did you ever
text: get off a plane, walk into a room, and
dialog: find that a source for a story changed
dialog: his mind? Lost his heart? Walked out on
dialog: us? Not one fucking time! You want to
dialog: know why?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: I see a rhetorical question on the
dialog: horizon.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I'm going to tell you why. Because when
dialog: I tell someone I'm going to do something,
dialog: I deliver.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Oh, how fortunate I am to have Lowell
dialog: Bergman's moral tutelage to point me down
dialog: the shining path. To show me the way.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Oh, please, Mike...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Give me a break!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: No, you give me a break! I never left a
text: source hung out to dry, ever. Abandoned.
dialog: Not 'til right fucking now! When I came
dialog: on this job, I came with my word intact.
dialog: I'm gonna leave with my word intact.
dialog: Fuck the rules of the game! Hell, you're
dialog: supposed to know me, Mike. What the hell
dialog: did you expect? You expect me to lie
dialog: down? Back off? What, get over it?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: In the real world, when you get to where
dialog: I am, there are other considerations...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Like what? Corporate responsibility?
dialog: What, are we talking celebrity here?
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: I'm not talking celebrity, vanity, CBS.
dialog: I'm talking about when you're nearer the
dialog: end of your life than the beginning.
dialog: Now, what do you think you think about
dialog: then? The future? "In the future I'm
dialog: going to do this? Become that?" What
dialog: "future"? No. What you think is: how
dialog: will I be regarded in the end? After I'm
dialog: gone.
text: He trails off. They look at each other.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (cont'd)
dialog: Now, along the way I suppose I made some
dialog: minor impact.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I did Iran-Gate and the Ayatollah,
dialog: Malcolm X, Martin Luther King, Saddam,
dialog: Sadat, etcetera, etcetera. I showed
text: them thieves in suits.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've spent a lifetime building all that.
dialog: But history only remembers most what you
dialog: did last. And should that be fronting a
dialog: segment that allowed a tobacco giant to
dialog: crash this network?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Does it give someone at my time of life
dialog: pause?
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: And the look on Wallace's face is "It did. Whether it should
dialog: or should not...what difference does that make? It did."
text: And we realize only now that he has not come to argue.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Mike...in my...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (low)
dialog: You and I have been doing this together
dialog: for fourteen years.
text: And he gives Lowell a copy of <i>The New York Times</i>.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (cont'd)
dialog: This is today's <i>New York Times</i>.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In it is the whole sordid story of what
dialog: went on inside our shop.
text: Lowell looks down at the page. The headline is "'60 MINUTES'
text: ORDERED TO PULL INTERVIEW IN TOBACCO REPORT."
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (cont'd)
dialog: And in the editorial... It accuses
dialog: us...of betraying the legacy of Edward R.
dialog: Murrow.
text: Turning, he walks out and down the hallway. Lowell looks at
dialog: the newspaper.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMMUTER HELICOPTER - MORNING
text: The helicopter approaching Manhattan. John Scanlon sitting
text: with Hewitt, both of them reading <i>The Wall Street Journal</i>
dialog: Wigand article.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: (troubled)
dialog: They conclude most of it seems pretty
dialog: unsubstantiated...
dialog: (looking at him, sickened)
dialog: You're full of shit, John.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP, NEW YORK - MORNING
text: Lowell at a table littered with <i>New York Times, New York
text: Daily News</i>, etc. His phone rings...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. A CITY BUS, NEW YORK - MORNING
text: Broadway backgrounds streak past Debbie DeLuca's head as she
text: rides, talking on a cell phone, <i>The Wall Street Journal</i> in
text: her hand.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
text: ...front page. There's a picture of
dialog: Wigand. Article's entitled, "Getting
dialog: Personal," by-lined to Suein Hwang and
dialog: Milo Geyelin. Wait, hold on a second,
dialog: Lowell.
dialog: Debbie hits "call waiting."
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA (cont'd)
dialog: Yeah. Yeah, sure. I'll see if I can
dialog: find him. Hold on...
dialog: (beat; to Lowell)
dialog: Yeah, Don's looking for you...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA
dialog: The sub-heading is, "Brown &amp; Williamson
text: Has a 500-Page Dossier Attacking Chief
dialog: Critic."
dialog: It quotes Richard Scruggs calling it "the
dialog: worst kind of an organized smear campaign
dialog: against a whistle-blower."
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP, NEW YORK - MORNING
scene_heading: EXTREMELY CLOSE Lowell.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE DELUCA'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: "...a close look at the file, and
dialog: independent research by this newspaper
dialog: into its key claims, indicates that many
dialog: of the serious allegations against Mr.
dialog: Wigand are backed by scant or
dialog: contradictory evidence..."
scene_heading: EXT. STREET, NEW YORK - MORNING
text: As Lowell hails a cab in a WIDE ANGLE and runs towards us,
text: jumping into the cab...
scene_heading: INT. DON HEWITT'S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: The news division has been vilified in
dialog: <i>The New York Times</i>, in print, on
dialog: television, for caving to corporate
dialog: interests!
text: We PULL BACK and we see that Lowell's with Hewitt in Hewitt's
dialog: office...
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT (CONT'D)
dialog: <i>The New York Times</i> ran a blow by blow of
dialog: what we talked about behind closed doors!
dialog: You fucked us!
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: No, you fucked you! Don't invert stuff!
dialog: Big Tobacco tried to smear Wigand; you
dialog: bought it. <i>The Wall Street Journal</i>,
dialog: here, not exactly a bastion of anti-
dialog: capitalist sentiment, refutes Big
dialog: Tobacco's smear campaign as the lowest
dialog: form of character assassination! And
dialog: now, even now, when every word of what
dialog: Wigand has said on our show is printed,
dialog: the entire deposition of his testimony in
dialog: a court of law in the State of
dialog: Mississippi, the cat totally out of the
dialog: bag, you're still standing here debating!
dialog: Don, what the hell else...do you need?
text: And Hewitt, looking around.
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: Mike, you tell him...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (simply)
dialog: You fucked up, Don.
dialog: And Don's taken off stride...
speaker_heading: DON HEWITT
dialog: (recovers fast)
dialog: Hey, it's old news! Stick with me. Like
dialog: always, we'll be okay. These things have
dialog: a half-life of fifteen minutes...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: No, that's fame. Fame has a fifteen-
dialog: minute half-life...
dialog: (droll)
text: Infamy...lasts a little longer.
text: Lowell looks at Wallace.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (CONT'D)
dialog: We caved. It's foolish. It's simply
dialog: dead wrong.
dialog: (in his face, so there's no
dialog: doubt)
dialog: Now, this is what we're going to do.
dialog: We're going over to Black Rock...
scene_heading: INT. A HIGH SCHOOL SCIENCE CLASS, LOUISVILLE - AFTERNOON
text: Jeff is in front of his class, teaching...
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: Okay, so let's get back to it. Alright,
dialog: now, what we saw there was...
scene_heading: INT. LAX - ECU: LOWELL - NIGHT
text: Tired, his suitcase at his feet. We don't know if he's
text: coming or going. He's at a pay phone in the more-deserted-
dialog: than-not airport.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: They cancelled the six o'clock.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't know why. I'm on the 8:10. I
dialog: should be home...9:30. I'll see you
dialog: then. Love ya'. Bye...
text: He hangs up and ambles over to a lounge with a few travellers
text: sitting in it.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: "CBS Management wouldn't let us broadcast
dialog: our original story and our interview with
dialog: Wigand because they were worried about
dialog: the possibility of a multi-billion dollar
dialog: lawsuit against us for tortious
dialog: interference... But now things have
dialog: changed."
scene_heading: INT. JEFFREY WIGAND'S APARTMENT, LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: A small apartment. Jeffrey dishes out second helpings of
text: pasta primavera into two pasta plates and brings them into
text: the kitchenette to his girls, Deborah and Barbara. And now
text: we SEE AND HEAR the small television on the table playing "60
dialog: Minutes" and...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL MOORE
dialog: (on television)
dialog: "...in my opinion, is an industry that
dialog: has perpetrated the biggest fraud on the
dialog: American public in history."
text: Deborah looks proudly at her father.
text: Wigand's gotten up and gone out of the kitchenette. He has
text: stopped for a moment around the corner in the hallway. His
text: kids can't see him. We can. And he watches them and his
text: eyes get shiny and start to tear. And as he stands there,
text: watching his girls at the kitchen table witnessing their
dialog: father's hard-earned "truth" on television, we realize that
dialog: of all the audiences, his girls are the one he cares about
dialog: most...
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT LOUNGE
text: And Lowell in his moment of victory is watching his "60
text: Minutes" double segment on a departure lounge television with
text: his feet resting on his suitcase, next to a Chicano woman
text: with two kids and her mother and an older man with a beard
text: and cane. An airport cleaner stops to watch, too. Lowell
text: glances at him...
text: Unbeknownst to these viewers, arrested by the content on the
text: television screen, is that the man who made it sits casually
text: among them, watching his work.
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S HOUSE, KITCHEN, BERKELEY - NIGHT
text: Sharon sits at the kitchen table. She watches in a far
text: corner a small countertop television. It's "60 Minutes," the
text: full show entitled "Jeffrey Wigand, Ph.D." and on the top
text: right, "PRODUCED BY LOWELL BERGMAN." As Sharon continues
text: watching the television playing on the counter, the emotional
text: currents within her remaining unrevealed...
scene_heading: INT. MIKE WALLACE'S STUDY - ON MIKE WALLACE - NIGHT
text: watching the show. He sees himself...
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: (to Wigand)
dialog: "You wish you hadn't blown the whistle?"
speaker_heading: WIGAND
dialog: (on television, hesitating)
dialog: "There are times...I wish I hadn't done
dialog: it. But there are times that I feel
dialog: compelled to do it..."
dialog: "I've - if you asked me if I would do it
dialog: again or if it's - do I think it's worth
dialog: it. Yeah. I think it's worth it."
text: Wallace, satisfied, rises to refill his glass, as...
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT LOUNGE
text: Lowell watching show in airport.
scene_heading: INT. A SURVEILLANCE VAN, LINCOLN, MONTANA - NIGHT
text: And we see the FBI Agent, BILL ROBERTSON on the phone.
speaker_heading: BILL ROBERTSON
dialog: I promised you a three-hour heads-
dialog: up...well, here it is. Have a camera
text: crew standing by in Helena, Montana on
dialog: Tuesday and I'll give you a three-hour
dialog: head start. Alright? By the way, that
dialog: was a hell of a good show tonight...
scene_heading: INT. LOWELL'S HOUSE, BERKELEY - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (nods, trustworthy)
dialog: Thank you, Bill.
text: And he quietly hangs up. And it's still. Sharon's laid
text: down, closing her eyes. They lie close together. After some
text: moments, she opens her eyes and lets us know what she's been
dialog: thinking...
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (understated)
dialog: You won.
dialog: This time he isn't droll.
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What did I win?
text: There's an odd look on his face, not the look of a victor.
text: He shuts off the light. And as they lie close together in
text: the dark in each other's arms...
text: WE'RE LOOKING AT THE FAMILIAR CBS EYE ON A TELEVISION SCREEN.
text: AND THEN THE WORDS: "SPECIAL REPORT."
scene_heading: INT. MASTER CONTROL ROOM, CBS - DAY
text: Lowell, entering through machine rooms, into a state-of-the-
text: art Master Control Room. On a wall are fifty or more
text: monitors, in the humidity-and-temperature-controlled nexus of
text: CBS operations. And it's jammed with people, witnessing a
text: fast-breaking, major news event. Mike Wallace stands near
text: Felling. Lowell crosses past Felling and stands next to Mike
dialog: Wallace.
text: And we see footage of a handcuffed, bearded, barefoot
text: Man...THEODORE KACZYNSKI, the UNABOMBER, being taken in by
text: the FBI. A director counts down. Dan Rather launches...
speaker_heading: DAN RATHER
dialog: "Reporting from CBS World News
dialog: headquarters in New York, good afternoon.
dialog: There has been a major break in the case
dialog: of the so-called 'Unabomber.' CBS News
dialog: has learned that a remote homesite
dialog: outside Lincoln, Montana has been under
dialog: FBI surveillance..."
speaker_heading: BILL FELLING
dialog: Thanks for this. You know, we beat
dialog: everybody. ABC, NBC, CNN.
text: Mike motions Lowell out into the corridor so they can be
dialog: alone.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, CBS - DAY
text: The control room and crowd are seen through the glass wall.
dialog: After some moments:
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: That Canada story? Still interest you?
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Everything interests me.
text: Mike nods... Lowell puts his hands in his jacket pockets...
dialog: After some moments...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (CONT'D)
dialog: I quit, Mike.
text: Mike's startled.
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE
dialog: Bullshit.
text: Lowell shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: MIKE WALLACE (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon, it all worked out. You came out
dialog: okay in the end...
speaker_heading: LOWELL
dialog: I did? What do I tell a source on the
dialog: next tough story? Hang in with us.
dialog: You'll be fine...maybe?
text: They look at each other. Lowell says to Mike, intimately,
dialog: what he knows Mike knows...
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: What got broken here...doesn't go back
dialog: together again.
text: Lowell's heartfelt regret. He starts to leave. They look at
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: LOWELL (cont'd)
dialog: So, uh...
text: And Lowell moves off along the hallway, the monitors all
text: showing CBS programming. He doesn't even look back...
scene_heading: A LEGEND APPEARS:
speaker_heading: CARD #1:
text: SUBSEQUENT TO THE EVENTS DRAMATIZES HERE, THE TOBACCO
text: INDUSTRY IN 1998 SETTLED THE LAWSUITS FILED AGAINST IT BY
scene_heading: MISSISSIPPI AND 49 OTHER STATES FOR $246 BILLION.
speaker_heading: CARD #2:
text: ALTHOUGH BASED ON A TRUE STORY, CERTAIN EVENTS IN THIS MOTION
text: PICTURE HAVE BEEN FICTIONALIZED FOR DRAMATIC EFFECT.
text: THE SOURCE OF THE DEATH THREATS AGAINST THE WIGANDS NEVER WAS
text: IDENTIFIED AND NO ONE WAS EVER CHARGED OF PROSECUTED.
speaker_heading: CARD #3:
text: IN 1996 DR. WIGAND WAS NAMED <i>TEACHER OF THE YEAR</i> IN KENTUCKY.
scene_heading: CURRENTLY, HE LIVES IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
speaker_heading: CARD #4:
text: LOWELL BERGMAN IS A CORRESPONDENT FOR THE PBS SERIES
text: <i>FRONTLINE</i> AND IS ON THE FACULTY OF THE GRADUATE SCHOOL OF
text: JOURNALISM AT THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AT BERKELEY.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
