dialog: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Cinco Paul & Ken Daurio
dialog: Based on the Book by
dialog: Dr. Seuss
scene_heading: INT: THEATER - DAY
text: The Lorax steps onto the stage in front of a large curtain
text: and addresses the camera.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Hello, everybody. Thanks for
dialog: coming.
text: The Lorax CLEARS his throat and reads from a card he holds.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: I am the Lorax. I speak for the
dialog: trees.
dialog: And I'd like to say a few words, if
dialog: you please,
dialog: Regarding the story that you’re
dialog: ‘bout to see--
dialog: It actually happened--just take it
dialog: from me.
dialog: But there’s more to this story than
dialog: what’s on the page,
dialog: So please pay attention while I set
dialog: the stage.
text: The Lorax tosses the card at the audience and walks off as
text: the curtain opens, revealing Thneedville.
scene_heading: EXT. THNEEDVILLE - DAY
text: TWO MAINTENANCE WORKERS work on a large “Welcome to
text: Thneedville” sign. The slogan below it reads, “Fantastic!
text: Made of plastic! 100% Inorganic.” The camera pushes past
text: them and flies through the town, down to a suburban street.
speaker_heading: LORAX (V.O.)
dialog: We open in Thneedville, a city,
dialog: they say,
dialog: That was plastic and fake, and they
dialog: liked it that way.
dialog: A Town Without Nature. Not one
text: living tree.
dialog: So what happened to them?
dialog: Cue the music!
dialog: Let's see...
scene_heading: EXT. THNEEDVILLE - PRESENT —- MORNING
scene_heading: SONG: “THNEEDVILLE”
text: The MUSIC starts up on a LONG SHOT down the street of
text: Thneedville suburbs.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform
text: All of the houses look basically the same. Electric trees
text: line the streets instead of street lamps.
text: An O'Hare Air delivery truck drives down the street.
text: FLOOSH! An INFLATABLE PLASTIC BUSH inflates. FLOOSH!
text: Another. FLOOSH! Another. Then--
text: POP! a bed of PLASTIC FLOWERS pops up in time with the music
text: complete with PLASTIC BUZZING BEES attached to wires.
speaker_heading: PLASTIC BEES
dialog: (mechanical voice)
dialog: Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!
text: The DELIVERY MAN gets out of the truck and grabs an air
text: bottle from it. He replaces an empty, used air bottle with a
dialog: new one like a milkman.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: DR. SEUSS’ THE LORAX
scene_heading: EXT: TED’S HOUSE - PRESENT - SAME
text: Nearby, TED, an 11-year-old boy and our hero, hops out of his
text: second floor bedroom window, down a series of stairs, and
text: flips over the railing into the air and lands on his SCOOTER.
text: He snaps on his goggles, revs his engine, and takes off down
text: the street. PULL BACK TO A WIDE SHOT of the entire
dialog: neighborhood.
text: All of the front doors of the houses open simultaneously and
text: the PEOPLE OF THNEEDVILLE exit their houses singing happily.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: In Thneedville it's a brand new
dialog: dawn!
text: PEOPLE drive by in their personalized vanity cars, including
text: a BUSINESSMAN in his large STEAMROLLER SUV.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: With brand new cars
dialog: And houses
dialog: And lawns!
text: We pull back to see the rest of the neighborhood joining the
text: traffic. Ted follows behind them on his scooter.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Here in got-all-that-we-need-ville!
dialog: 2.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform
text: A MAN uses a bike pump to inflate his flaccid plastic bush.
text: He’s not paying attention and pumps the bush until it POPS,
text: knocking him over.
scene_heading: EXT: ROAD INTO TOWN - PRESENT - SAME
text: The people of Thneedville sing as they commute to work past
text: rows of FAKE TREES.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: In Thneedville we manufacture our
dialog: trees
text: A little Girl, MARIE, uses a tire swing hanging from a metal
dialog: tree.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Each one is made in factories.
text: MAINTENANCE MEN opens up a PANEL in the electric tree
text: revealing it’s filled with BATTERIES.
speaker_heading: MAINTENANCE MAN
dialog: And uses 96 batteries!
text: The lights on the tree go out as the batteries fall out. One
text: of the Maintenance Men quickly tries to pick them up.
text: Ted rides by on his scooter.
text: The Singing Delivery Man walks up to an apartment, carrying a
text: large O’HARE AIR BOTTLE.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: In Thneedville the air's not so
dialog: clean
text: The Singing Delivery Man walks into a WOMAN’S APARTMENT.
scene_heading: INT: APARTMENT - PRESENT - SAME
text: A WOMAN opens the door and lets the Singing Delivery Man in.
text: He replaces the large bottle of O’Hare Air hooked to her
dialog: Fresh Air System.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: So we buy it fresh!
text: The Singing Delivery Man PLOPS the bottle into the machine in
text: time with the beat. She hands him money for the delivery.
dialog: 3.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform
scene_heading: SINGING DELIVERY MAN
dialog: It comes out this machine!
text: She takes a whiff of the fresh air. He takes a whiff of the
dialog: money.
scene_heading: WOMAN & SINGING DELIVERY MAN
dialog: Aaaaah!
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: In satisfaction's guaranteed-ville!
scene_heading: EXT: DOWNTOWN - PRESENT —- SAME
text: Downtown a group of BUSINESSPEOPLE sing and dance as they
text: head for work. The Maintenance Workers sweep garbage towards
text: an open manhole.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: In Thneedville
text: The Singing Delivery Man jumps in front of the Maintenance
text: Works and starts dancing.
scene_heading: SINGING DELIVERY MAN
dialog: We don't want to knoooow!
text: He does a spin and accidentally disappears down a MANHOLE.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
text: Where the smog and trash and
dialog: chemicals go
text: A LITTLE BOY swims through the Thneedville River (which is
text: unnaturally blue) wearing a big smile. His parents happily
text: help him out of the river and give him a big hug.
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: I just went swimming, and now I
dialog: glow!
text: He glows and smiles even more. Ted zips by him on the
text: scooter.
scene_heading: EXT: MIDDLE OF TOWN - PRESENT - SAME
text: We see a CHUBBY SURFER surfing on the fake ocean. A
text: SNOWBOARDING TEEN zips down the snowy mountain next to him.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: In Thneedville we have fun year-
dialog: round!
dialog: 4.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform
text: The Snowboarding Teen turns and sends a CLUMP OF SLUSH flying
text: and it goes down the back of a GUY’S SWIMSUIT.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: We surf and snowboard right in
dialog: town!
text: A group of SUNBATHERS sing like a church choir, holding their
text: sun reflectors like choir folders.
scene_heading: SUNBATHING CHOIR
dialog: We thank the Lord for all we've
dialog: got!
text: The Singing Delivery Man sings a beautiful solo as we reveal
text: that the choir is singing at the grand opening of a new
text: PARKING LOT (called Thneedville Parking).
speaker_heading: SUNBATHING MAN
dialog: Including this brand new parking
dialog: lot!
text: As the choir sings with religious fervor about the parking
text: lot, people step our of their parked vehicles, get on the
text: roofs of their cars, and JOYOUSLY sing along.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Parking lot!
dialog: Parking lot!
text: Nearby a WOMAN and her SON fly kites propelled by large fans.
scene_heading: WOMAN WITH KITE
dialog: It’s him!
text: Everyone looks up and sees the O’HARE AIR BLIMP, which spews
text: out smog from its exhaust. Projected on it’s massive LCD
text: screen is ALOYSIUS O'HARE, the financial king of Thneedville,
text: owner of the O’Hare Air Co. Pudgy and clownish and tacky and
text: loved by everyone. He leans out from the window and waves to
text: the people down below.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Ooh look! It's Aloysius O'Hare
dialog: (Aloysius O'Hare)
dialog: The man who found a way to sell air
scene_heading: INT: BLIMP - PRESENT - SAME
text: O'HARE turns around in his office chair and walks out from
text: behind his desk.
dialog: 5.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform
scene_heading: EXT: THNEEDVILLE - PRESENT - SAME
text: O'Hare stands on Mooney’s hands outside the door.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: And became a zillionaire!
text: He dives off and falls down toward the ground. His parachute
text: opens revealing an ad for O’Hare Air.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Hip-hooray, hip-hooray!
text: As they celebrate we catch up with Ted, who is excitedly
text: buying a REMOTE CONTROL AIRPLANE from a VENDOR at his kiosk.
text: He gives the vendor his money and takes the new airplane,
text: ecstatic.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hip-hip-hooray!
text: We're in the center of town. Here comes the elaborately
text: choreographed big finish, reminiscent of “Consider Yourself”
dialog: from Oliver.
text: The huge mob engulfs Ted at the toy kiosk. People dance with
text: their shopping bags, tossing them to each other.
text: Businesspeople dance with their briefcases.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: In Thneedville
dialog: We love living this way!
text: Suddenly the Singing Delivery Man reappears in frame, pushes
text: the BAND LEADER aside, grabs his baton, and leads the
text: MARCHING BAND down the street.
scene_heading: SINGING DELIVERY MAN
dialog: It's like living in paradise!
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: It's perfect!
dialog: And that's how it will stay!
scene_heading: SINGING DELIVERY MAN
dialog: Oh yeah!
text: Fireworks go off above the town.
text: O'Hare walks up the steps of his oversized limo waving to the
text: people like a politician before he gets in.
text: The Singing Delivery Man dances on top of O’Hare’s limo while
text: spinning cheer-leading batons.
dialog: 6.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Here in love the life we lead-ville
dialog: Destined to succeed-ville
dialog: We are all agreed-ville
dialog: We're happy here in
text: CLOSE-UPS on various MOUTHS making the “thhh” sound.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thhhh--
text: Back to the wide shot showing the entire center of town.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: --needville!
text: As soon as the song's over, everyone immediately goes back to
text: what they were doing. Mooney and McGurk help the frozen
text: Singing Delivery Man off the roof of the limo.
text: And out of the crowd zips Ted on his scooter, carrying the
text: bag with the airplane in it.
scene_heading: EXT: THNEEDVILLE - PRESENT - SAME
text: Ted rides his scooter through town with the confidence of
text: someone who knows the place like the back of his hand.
scene_heading: EXT: AUDREY’S HOUSE - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: He ends up suburbia. Stops in front of a house. Gets off of
text: his scooter. Reaches into the bag and pulls out the REMOTE-
text: CONTROLLED AIRPLANE. Ted smiles as he admires it.
text: Ted places it on the ground. Operates the remote control,
text: and it TAKES OFF. Ted then flies the plane in a series of
text: loop-dee-loops and then straight into someone’s backyard.
text: But instead of being upset, he smiles.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yes.
text: He runs up to the front door of the house. RINGS the
text: doorbell. Multiple times. As the door opens, Ted goes into
text: a slow-mo fantasy, revealing--
text: AUDREY. A teenage girl, beautiful and cool, and much too old
text: for Ted. Although he doesn’t see it that way. He looks up
text: at her worshipfully, suddenly awkward in her presence.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, hi, Ted.
dialog: 7.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform
text: Ted breaks out of the fantasy.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (trying to play it cool)
dialog: Oh, hey, Audrey. Hi.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Did your ball land in my backyard
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What?! No. Model airplane. This
dialog: time.
text: Audrey smiles. Then leans in to Ted, conspiratorially.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Hey--do you wanna see something
dialog: cool?
text: Ted stares back at Audrey. Are you kidding me?
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on!
text: Audrey turns to go into the house. Ted follows her, spraying
text: breath freshener into his mouth as he enters.
scene_heading: EXT: AUDREY’S BACKYARD - PRESENT - LATER
text: Audrey takes her hands away from Ted’s eyes and he looks up
text: to see a MASSIVE MURAL in progress on the wall depicting a
text: lush valley filled with TRUFFULA TREES. Ted stares up at the
text: painting in awe.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa. Did you p-- Did you paint
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Do you like it?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What?! Are you kidding? This is
dialog: amazing.
dialog: (points to trees)
dialog: What are those?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Those are trees. Real ones.
dialog: They used to grow all around here.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 8.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: And people said that the touch of
text: their tufts was softer than
dialog: anything, even silk. And they
text: smelled like butterfly milk.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Wow. What does that even mean?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I know, right?
text: Audrey grabs Ted’s arms and swings him over her head, so they
text: both fall to the ground.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whaaaa!
dialog: (pained)
dialog: Oh yeah.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: What I want more than anything in
dialog: the whole world is to see a real
dialog: living tree, growing in my
text: backyard.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: So...if, say-- I’m just thinking
dialog: out loud here... if a guy somehow
dialog: got you one...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Well, I'd probably marry him on the
dialog: spot.
dialog: (makes a face)
dialog: I bet that sounds crazy. Does that
dialog: sound crazy?
text: Ted looks up adoringly at Audrey.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No. Not crazy!
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: Not crazy at all.
text: Ted smiles. A boy with a plan.
scene_heading: INT: DINING ROOM - PRESENT - NIGHT
text: Ted sits at the dinner table with his MOM and GRAMMY NORMA.
text: He absentmindedly pokes at a PIECE OF JELLO shaped like
speaker_heading: BROCCOLI.
dialog: 9.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 10.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Ted, honey, don’t play with your
dialog: food. You either, Mom.
text: Grammy Norma dribbles a JELLO BROCCOLI like a basketball.
text: She tosses it up and pops it in her mouth.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: So...Mom. Do you happen to know if
dialog: there’s like anyplace where I could
dialog: get a real tree?
text: Grammy Norma reacts to this.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Ted, we already have a tree. It’s
dialog: the latest model.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah, but I mean like a real one,
dialog: that-- that grows out of the ground
dialog: or whatever. You know, like a real
dialog: tree.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: (makes face)
dialog: Really? You’d rather have some
text: dirty, messy lump of wood that just
text: sticks out of the ground and it
dialog: does what? I don’t even know what
dialog: it does. What’s it’s purpose?
dialog: Look what we’ve got. It’s the Oak-
dialog: a-matic--the only tree with its own
dialog: remote!
text: She points a REMOTE at the tree outside.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM (CONT’D)
dialog: Summer, autumn, winter--
text: The tree changes with each click to match the season.
speaker_heading: TED’'S MOM (CONT’D)
dialog: --and disco!
text: The tree now lights up in neon colors like a disco floor.
text: And plays a Muzak version of “The Hustle.” Ted’s Mom
text: shimmies and sings along.
speaker_heading: TED’'S MOM (CONT’D)
dialog: Doot doot doot doo-doot doo-doot
dialog: doot doot! Come on, Ted, get into
text: it, dance with the tree.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 11.
text: Ted sinks in his seat, mortified.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mom... Oh, it hurts Mom. Please
dialog: stop.
text: Ted’s Mom clicks the remote and the music stops.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Sooooco, anyway, let’s just say I
dialog: need a tree. Where would I go?
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Then you know what? You’d need to
dialog: find the Once-ler.
text: Ted turns to Grammy Norma, surprised.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The-- the what?
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Mom, it’s not really the time for
dialog: one of your, you know, magical
dialog: fables, okay?
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Oh, that’s right. I forgot. I’m
dialog: old and can’t even remember to put
dialog: my teeth in.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Stand down. That’s not what I
dialog: meant.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: No really, I forgot my teeth.
dialog: Would you be a dear and go get them
dialog: for me?
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Sure, mom.
text: She exits. As soon as she’s gone Grammy Norma plops in her
text: teeth and turns dramatically to Ted.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: (conspiratorially)
dialog: Okay, here’s the deal. The Once-
dialog: ler is the man who knows what
dialog: happened to the trees. You want
dialog: one, you need to find him.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 12.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: “The Once-ler”? Mmm-hm, okay.
dialog: Grammy is this a real thing that
dialog: we're talking about now?
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Oh, he’s real, all right.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Well...where can I find him?
text: Grammy Norma appears behind Ted, scaring him. She gives him
text: an intense look. CLAPS and the LIGHTS DIM.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: “Far outside of town
dialog: where the grass never grows
text: and the wind smells slow-and-sour
dialog: when it blows
dialog: (makes spooky wind noises)
dialog: .--and no birds ever sing excepting
dialog: old crows...”
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: CAW!!!
text: Ted jumps. Grammy Norma catches him.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa! Quit doing that!
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: That’s the place where the Once-ler
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Wait--outside of town?
scene_heading: INT: TED'S BEDROOM - PRESENT - EVENING
text: Ted empties an old jar filled with coins and collects THREE
speaker_heading: NICKELS.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA (V.O.)
dialog: People used to say if you brought
dialog: him fifteen cents...
scene_heading: INT: KITCHEN - PRESENT - EVENING
text: RATTLE! Ted opens up the junk drawer and retrieves a NAIL.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 13.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA (V.O.)
dialog: ---a nail...
scene_heading: EXT: TED’S HOUSE - PRESENT - EVENING
text: Ted searches around for snails. Picks a shell up. A GREAT-
scene_heading: GREAT-GREAT-GRANDFATHER SNAIL, wrinkled and with a long
text: beard, pops out.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA (V.O.)
dialog: ...and the shell of a great-great-
dialog: great grandfather snail, he’d tell
dialog: you everything.
text: Ted smiles. He’s got everything he needs.
scene_heading: EXT: FAR END OF TOWN - PRESENT - NIGHT
text: Ted rides his scooter through to the edge of town. He looks
text: up and sees a large pipe above his head with sign reading,
text: “VENT OUT.” He follows the pipe which leads to a door high
text: up in the middle of the wall. There is no way to get to it.
text: Nearby, Ted spots a box on the wall with a warning sign which
text: reads, “AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY.” Ted looks around, opens
text: the box, and pushes the red button inside, which extends a
text: brick from the wall out towards him.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa!
text: Other bricks extend out forming a staircase up to the door.
text: Ted gets back on his scooter and rides it up the stairs to
text: the door where he sees a sign reading, “Outside of Town.” He
text: turns a lever and the door opens like a bank vault.
text: A RED LIGHT above the door starts blinking.
text: The camera continues up into the sky, where the O’Hare Air
text: Blimp hovers above.
scene_heading: EXT: O’HARE’S BLIMP —- PRESENT - NIGHT
dialog: Establishing.
scene_heading: INT: O’HARE’S BLIMP - PRESENT - SAME
text: Aloysius O’Hare sits at his desk. Standing across from him
text: are two MARKETING GUYS.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 14.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #1
dialog: Mr. O'Hare, what we’ve got for you
dialog: is something that is going to take
text: O'Hare Air to the next level.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2
dialog: Now, Mr. O’Hare, I know what you’re
dialog: thinking. One, I’ve gotten rich
dialog: selling people air that’s fresher
text: than the stinky stuff outside.
dialog: Two, here’s the important one, how
dialog: could I possibly make even more
dialog: money?
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: We can tell you, sir, we can tell
dialog: you!
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #1
dialog: Check out this commercial. Huh?!
text: He clicks his remote and a COMMERCIAL appears on a screen.
scene_heading: EXT: ROOFTOP - COMMERCIAL - DAY
text: TWO GUYS sit in chairs on a rooftop.
speaker_heading: FIRST GUY
dialog: Well, here goes another lame
dialog: Saturday.
speaker_heading: SECOND GUY
dialog: Dude...I don't think so.
dialog: (chuckles )
text: He smiles and pulls a six-pack of O'HARE AIR out of a cooler.
speaker_heading: FIRST GUY
dialog: Huh?
text: Pops one open, funky music begins playing, the sun comes out,
text: and suddenly a bunch of BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE show up.
speaker_heading: FIRST GUY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: SECOND GUY
dialog: Oh, yeah! Right here.
speaker_heading: FIRST GUY
dialog: Man!
speaker_heading: SECOND GUY
dialog: Oh yeah!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 15.
text: TWO MEN open bottles and blow the air into their mouths.
speaker_heading: FIRST GUY
dialog: Whaaaaa?!
text: A hot chick opens up a bottle in her face and it makes her
text: hair blow sexily. The First Guy is amazed. Instant party!
text: He and his buddy click their bottles together.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: O'Hare Purified Air. Freshness to
dialog: go!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please breathe responsibly.
scene_heading: INT: O’HARE’S OFFICE - PRESENT - SAME
text: The commercial over O’Hare rubs his forehead.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #1
dialog: Huh?
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2
dialog: Oh my goodness.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #1
dialog: Love it.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2
dialog: Yeah...
text: Then he speaks.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: You gotta be kidding me! You
dialog: really think people are stupid
dialog: enough to buy this?!
text: The Marketing Guys keep pushing each other out of the way,
text: vying for O’Hare’s attention.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #1
dialog: Our research shows that if you put
text: something in a plastic bottle,
dialog: people will buy it.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2
dialog: Exactly, and--
text: Marketing Guy #1 shoves Marketing Guy #2 aside and points to
text: a chart showing air quality going down and sales going up.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 16.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #1
dialog: And what’s more, when we build a
dialog: new factory to make the plastic
dialog: bottles, the air quality’s just
dialog: going to get worse.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2
dialog: Which will make people want our air
dialog: even more and drive sales... where?
dialog: Through the roof!
text: O'Hare nods his approval.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: So in other words: the more smog in
dialog: the sky...
dialog: (chuckles )
dialog: ...the more people will buy.
text: The Marketing Guys laugh.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2
dialog: Genius! That’s why he’s a genius!
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #1
dialog: It even rhymes!
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: I’m aware it rhymes.
text: Suddenly a RED LIGHT on O’Hare’s desk starts flashing. He
text: looks at it. The door opens and his thugs MOONEY and MCGURK
text: step in. The Marketing Guys grab their charts and run off.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2 (0.S.)
dialog: Coats! Big coats!
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: What do you two knuckleheads want?!
dialog: I’m in the middle of a meeting!
text: Mooney holds out a HANDHELD DEVICE. It reads “SECURITY
text: ALERT,” and shows BLACK AND WHITE FOOTAGE of Ted trying to
text: get out the door.
text: O'Hare stares at it. Frowns.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: What?! Why is he leaving town? No
dialog: one ever leaves town!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: See what he’s up to.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 17.
scene_heading: INT: WALL - PRESENT - NIGHT
text: Ted looks in though the door in the wall, revealing a large,
text: dark room. He rides through the maze-like room on his
text: scooter, passing a stream of gluppity-glup pouring out from a
text: series of pipes.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa!
text: A security camera watches him drive by. He continues over
text: the stream on a small bridge until he reaches an exit.
scene_heading: EXT: OUTSIDE OF TOWN - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ted comes out into the world outside of town. It’s a
text: desolate landscape. Filled with garbage and filthy water and
text: tree stumps.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Huh?
text: He’s seeing his world as it really is. And it’s a nightmare.
text: Ted steels himself and continues on past the graveyard of
text: tree stumps.
text: A storm brews in the smoggy sky and he looks up to see an old
text: Thneed billboard. Lightning FLASHES, distracting Ted, who is
text: almost beheaded by a series of old, rusted axe blades. He
text: dodges and weaves through them. He looks behind him to
text: reveal it’s a destroyed Axe Hacker. Lightning FLASHES in the
text: sky again.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, man...
text: Ted stops at a large ravine where a bridge is out. He looks
text: around to see if there is another way to cross and spots some
text: old barrels and a plank of wood. He gets an idea.
scene_heading: EXT: RAVINE - PRESENT - LATER
text: Ted revs his scooter and then takes off toward the ravine
text: where he has setup the barrel and the plank of wood as a
text: makeshift ramp. He intends to jump it, but as he reaches the
text: end of the ramp he plummets down the side.
text: He SCREAMS, but picks up so much speed that he drives right
text: back up the other side. He flies into the air and bounces
text: back down. He breathes a SIGH OF RELIEF and continues on his
text: journey up the side of a mountain pass.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 18.
scene_heading: EXT: DESOLATION - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: The city is far behind him now. Ted scooters through the
text: fog, past warning signs reading, “Stay out!” and “I mean it!”
text: and down the worn path where he comes to a stop in front of a
text: hand-painted street sign covered in CROWS. He gets off his
text: scooter and as he approaches it, the crows take off,
text: revealing that it reads “The Street of the Lifted Lorax.”
text: He keeps moving forward through the fog until he comes to a
text: rickety old shack with a boarded-up window that looks like a
dialog: strong wind might knock it over (otherwise known as The
text: Lerkim). Ted stares at the spooky image, frozen. Then takes
text: a deep breath and continues up the hill.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa... All right...
text: He arrives in front of the Lerkim, which only looks creepier
text: up close. He continues forward, not noticing that someone
text: is watching him from inside the boarded up window.
text: Ted walks past a small ring of stones. The word “Unless” is
text: carved into one of them.
text: Ted removes the money, nail, and snail from his pocket. The
text: snail shakes his head, giving Ted a look like, “Let’s get out
dialog: of here.”
text: Ted ignores the snail and heads up the steps leading to the
text: front door. The wind whistles, and the old wood CREAKS
text: beneath his feet. He gets more nervous with each step. The
text: railing falls over scaring him. Then he arrives at the door
text: with a sign above it reading, “THE ONCE-LER”. Ted stares at
text: it, then takes a deep breath and moves his shaking finger
text: toward the doorbell. He presses it then--
text: WHIRRRRRRRR...CLANK! Immediately a crazy Seussian machine is
dialog: activated.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay...
text: It catapults him into the air.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: What the--?!
text: A clamp catches by the seat of his pants just before he hits
text: the ground and hoists him back up into the air.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Aiiiiiiiii!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 19.
text: KA-LUNK! The contraption comes to a stop, leaving Ted
text: dangling in front of the Lerkim. He opens his eyes,
text: surprised to be alive. Struggles to get loose.
text: Two YELLOW EYES and two GREEN-GLOVED ARMS appear in the
text: window. Ted, still hanging upside-down, stares at them,
text: horrified.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Who are you?!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Aaaaaaaah!
text: Ted squirms and wriggles like a worm on a hook. The voice
text: barks even louder.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: WHO ARE YOU?! And what are you
dialog: doing here?!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: I’m Ted. I’m Ted! Oh, can’t
dialog: breathe. Are you--are you...the
dialog: Once-ler? Oh, man.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Didn't you read the signs? No one
dialog: is supposed to come here!
text: The clamp spins Ted around, lowers him to the ground and lets
text: him go. Then it begins pushing him back down the path toward
dialog: Thneedville.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Get out of here and leave me alone!
dialog: And don’t let the boot hit you on
text: the way out.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The boot?
text: A mechanical boot kicks Ted in the butt.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoa, hello! Ow...
text: He stops and turns back around, holding out the payment in
text: his hand.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 20.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, people say that if someone
dialog: brings you this stuff that you’1l
dialog: tell them about trees!
text: There’s a pause. That word got the Once-ler’s attention.
text: The mechanical arm comes back and grabs Ted again bringing
text: him up to the window.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, no-no-no-no! Whoa.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Trees?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah. Real ones, you know, that
text: grow out of the ground.
text: A very long pause.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Sorry...it’s just... Well, I
dialog: didn’t think anyone still cared
dialog: about trees.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Well, that’s me! The guy who still
dialog: cares. I’m here! Hey, what--
dialog: Whoa!
text: The mechanical arm deposits Ted on the pile of rocks.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: You want to know about trees?
dialog: About what happened to them? Why
dialog: they’re all gone?
text: Ted looks up at the window.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: It’s because of me.
text: A look of shock comes over Ted’s face.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Wait, what?
text: The Once-ler lowers a long metal tube, the Whisper-Ma-Phone,
text: out of his window. Ted leans in to listen.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 21.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: It’s because of me!
text: The Whisper-Ma-Phone blows out dust causing Ted to COUGH.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And my invention. The Thneed. It
dialog: was an amazing product that could
dialog: do the job of a thousand!
text: The Once-ler holds a Thneed out and shows it to Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Alright...sounds ridiculous. But,
dialog: I mean, that’s cool.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: You're darn right it was cool!
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: It all started a long time ago...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Can we start not so long ago maybe?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Do you want a tree?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yes. Yes...
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
text: Then it all started a long, long
dialog: time ago...
scene_heading: EXT: ONCE-LER FAMILY HOME - PAST - DAY
text: Cross dissolve from Old Once-ler to a much younger Once-ler
text: sitting on a COVERED WAGON which is hitched to a sad-looking
text: mule named MELVIN in front of a nice house with a CAR parked
text: in front. Standing there to see him off are his MOTHER, his
text: moronic brothers BRETT and CHET, his monstrous GREAT-AUNT
text: GRIZELDA, and his unctuous UNCLE UBB.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (V.O.)
dialog: I was a young man leaving home...
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Well, here I go, Mom. Off to
dialog: change the world with my Thneed!
dialog: I’m actually doin’ it!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 22.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: But just remember, Oncie--if
dialog: somehow your invention ends up a
dialog: failure instead of a success...
dialog: (abruptly switches gear)
dialog: Well, it wouldn’t surprise me at
dialog: all!
text: The family LAUGHS at this.
speaker_heading: UNCLE UBB
dialog: Hey!
text: Chet punches Once-ler in the arm.
speaker_heading: CHET
dialog: Nice wheels! Burn!
text: Melvin kicks Chet back over toward the family. The Once-ler
scene_heading: LAUGHS IT OFF.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Haha. Yeah, burn! But you'll see,
dialog: okay--I’m gonna prove you all
dialog: wrong! C’mon, Melvin!
text: More laughter from the family. The Once-ler tries to ignore
dialog: this.
scene_heading: EXT: DESERT - PAST - DAY
text: The wagon makes its way across a country road. The Once-ler
text: strums his ELECTRIC GUITAR.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (V.O.)
dialog: So there I was at the very bottom
text: with nothing but a wagon, a mule,
dialog: and a completely irrational sense
text: of optimism.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Na na nana na na
dialog: Oh bop-bah-da-da-do-do-do
dialog: Thneed-Thneed-Thneed, Thneeda-
dialog: Thneed-Thneed-Thneed
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I was searching the globe, obsessed
dialog: with finding the perfect material
dialog: for my Thneed.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 23.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: La-la-la-la-la...
scene_heading: EXT: MOUNTAIN PASS - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler sleeps as MELVIN his mule continues on.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (V.O.)
dialog: But I’d had absolutely no success.
dialog: Until one day...I found paradise...
text: Melvin kicks the Once-ler awake.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Oh! We’re gonna be there soon!
dialog: I’m sure it’s like-- Whoa!
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL:
text: The TRUFFULA VALLEY. It is paradise. They look around and
text: see blue skies, green grass, a flowing river, woodland
text: creatures and hundreds of tall TRUFFULA TREES with their
text: colorful tufts swaying in the afternoon breeze. It’s
dialog: magical.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the most beautiful place,
dialog: okay, I have ever seen.
text: The music swells. Then the Once-ler looks down to see THREE
text: HUMMING-FISH walk up and strike a pose in front of him. They
text: look up and gesture towards the beautiful valley behind them.
scene_heading: HUMMING-FISH
dialog: Taa-daa!
text: They each HUM as they dive off into a nearby pond.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Whoa!
text: The Once-ler watches as the Humming-Fish continue HUMMING
text: down the hill past a fat Bar-Ba-Loot, named LOU, who stuffs
text: his face with Truffula fruit. PIPSQUEAK a baby Bar-Ba-Loot
text: sits next to him eating his own piece of fruit. Then a
text: series of Bar-Ba-Loots jump onto Lou’s head and stand on one
text: another's shoulders to get to some fruit high in the tree.
text: Pipsqueak is passed up the chair of Bar-Ba-Loots and he grabs
dialog: the fruit for the group.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 24.
text: In the tuft above them, a SWOMEE-SWAN flies off into the sky,
text: revealing a nest with BILL, a baby Swomee-Swan, in it. Bill
text: YAWNS and HONKS at camera.
text: We follow the Swomee-Swan as it flies through the forest,
text: past a stream and to a clear blue pond where--
text: The Trio of Humming-Fish climb out of the water onto a rock
text: and HUM like an a cappella group. Then they slide back down
text: into the water and their HUMMING becomes GURGLING.
text: Melvin pulls the wagon down into the valley, where all of the
text: curious animals gather around them. The Once-ler hops down
text: from the wagon with his guitar and starts begins rocking out.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is it!
text: Two Bar-Ba-Loots look at each other, confused.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the place!
dialog: These Truffula Trees are just'a
dialog: what I need!
text: The Bar-Ba-Loots hear him playing and come over to
dialog: investigate.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Gonna chop one down and make my
dialog: Thneed.
dialog: But first--
text: THWACK! As he stands up he accidentally smacks a Bar-ba-loot
text: with his guitar.
text: Then he tosses it up into the air and runs off screen. One
text: Bar-Ba-Loot pushes another out of the way as the guitar falls
text: back down to the ground and nearly clobbers him.
text: The Once-ler sings and dances through the valley, followed by
text: the curious animals.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Na na nanana na
dialog: Na na nanana na
dialog: (to animals)
dialog: Now you!
text: The animals, caught up in the music, join in singing and
dialog: dancing with the Once-ler.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 25.
speaker_heading: ANIMALS
dialog: Na na nanana na
dialog: Nana na nana na na na!
text: Lou gets into it and doesn’t realize the other animals have
text: danced off after the Once-ler. He opens his eyes and runs
dialog: after them.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: That’s great!
dialog: (scats to the music)
speaker_heading: ANIMALS
dialog: Na na nanana na
dialog: Nana na nana na na na!
dialog: Bob-shoo-bop
dialog: Bob-shoo-bop
text: He goes into the back of the wagon, pulls out a spatula, and
text: sings into it like a microphone.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: So now our friendship can begin.
text: Hand-and-hand and wing and fin.
text: The Once-ler goes back into the wagon and begins unpacking,
text: obliviously tossing tools over his head at the animals.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: There's nothing you and I can't do
dialog: So let's all make my dreams come
dialog: true!
dialog: Yodelhoo...
dialog: Yodelay-hee-hoo...
text: A saw, shovel, pruning shears, and an axe land right in front
text: of different animals, almost hitting them. Then a hair
text: trimmer bounces past shaving the stomach of a Bar-Ba-Loot,
text: who quickly covers up, embarrassed.
text: A tube of toothpaste lands in front of a Humming-Fish. Then
text: a mallet lands on that, squirting the toothpaste all over his
dialog: face.
text: A beard trimmer flies out and shaved one of the Bar-Ba-Loots.
text: A tube of toothpaste explodes on another one.
speaker_heading: ANIMALS
dialog: Na na nanana na
dialog: Nana na nana na na na!
dialog: Na na nanana na
dialog: Nana na nana na na na!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 26.
text: The wagon unpacked, the oblivious Once-ler pulls out an axe
dialog: and goes for the big finish.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Oh Yodelay-Yodelay-heee-hoooo--
text: Instead of jubilantly joining in the chorus, the angry mob of
text: animals have all turned against the Once-ler.
text: One Swomee-Swan has a stick and taps it against his winged-
text: palm menacingly.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Na na nanana na
text: Lou dances over and then notices that everyone else is angry
text: and he stops singing.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Hey, guys. Come on! Where’s my
dialog: back up chorus?
text: The Bar-Ba-Loots GROWL at the Once-ler.
text: A Humming-Fish picks up a set of egg beaters and winds them
text: menacingly.
scene_heading: EXT: TRUFFULA VALLEY - PAST - CONTINUOUS
text: The Once-ler turns back to his wagon and grabs TWO LARGE
text: SACKS.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Ah-ha!
text: Then he realizes they are filled with marshmallows.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: oh!
text: An Angry Bar-ba-loot lunges for him and the Once-ler screams
text: like a girl, holding the sack up as a shield. RIIIIP!
text: MARSHMALLOWS fly out into the air.
text: The marshmallow rain down into the angry animals’ mouths, who
text: eat them. MMMMM! It’s like a switch has been flipped.
speaker_heading: ANIMALS
dialog: Ooooh!
text: They all love marshmallows! All of the animals frolic and
dialog: play in them.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 27.
text: A Bar-Ba-Loot jumps through the air in slo-mo catching one in
text: his mouth.
text: Down below, other Bar-Ba-Loots spin around grabbing as many
text: in their mouths as they can. Humming-Fish eat ones floating
text: in the water.
text: A Swomee-Swan drops Pipsqueak down into the pond, which is
text: filled with them. A Humming Fish rides on a Bar-Ba-Loot
text: through the marshmallows like a Gondolier.
text: The Once-ler looks down at Pipsqueak who has a huge smile,
text: revealing dozens of marshmallows crammed in his mouth.
text: Clearly he’s going for the record. The Once-ler looks down
text: at him with a smile.
speaker_heading: TED (0.S.)
dialog: Hey-hey-hey-hey. Wait. Wait a
dialog: minute.
text: The Once-ler looks around to see where the voice is coming
dialog: from.
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM - PRESENT - NIGHT
text: Back to the Once-ler looking down at Ted from his Lerkim.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Um, yeah, that’s awesome. You
dialog: know, feeding junk food to forest
dialog: animals. That’s great. But, uh,
dialog: is there a musical number where you
dialog: show me how to get a tree? ‘Cause
dialog: I’d love to hear that one.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, yes. Right after the musical
dialog: number about the kid who kept
dialog: interrupting the story and was
dialog: never heard from again. Mm-hm.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Right, got it.
dialog: (gestures with hand)
dialog: Proceed.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 28.
scene_heading: EXT: TRUFFULA VALLEY - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler puts on a pair of work gloves and grabs a large
speaker_heading: AXE.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: All right! Here we go. About to
dialog: make a Thneed. About to change the
dialog: world.
text: The animals all stare at the shiny metal axe and watch the
text: Once-ler as he walks over to the tall Truffula tree.
text: He raises the axe up over his head. The animals watch
dialog: curiously.
text: CHOP! The axe cuts into the tree with a sound that echoes
text: through the valley.
text: The tree creaks and moans as it falls and hits the ground
text: with a THUD.
text: The animals react in horror. What did he just do?
text: The Once-ler stares at the tree, impressed.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Check it out guys... Huh?
text: He looks around, noticing all of the animals are gone.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, where'd everybody go?
text: He shrugs, then grabs the tree by the trunk and drags it away
text: toward his cottage.
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM - PRESENT - NIGHT
text: The Once-ler continues the story.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Little did I know that by chopping
dialog: down that tree I had just summoned
dialog: a mystical creature as old as time
dialog: itself. The legendary--slightly
dialog: annoying--guardian of the forest.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Lorax.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 29.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUFFULA VALLEY - PAST - DAY
text: The animals investigate the stump. A Humming-Fish pokes at
dialog: it.
text: Suddenly the ground starts rumbling. The animals scatter.
text: There’s a LOUD NOISE and a FLASH OF LIGHT as a thunderstorm
text: shoots out of the stump. The animals watch from a safe
dialog: distance.
text: The one fish slaps the other fish for poking the stump.
text: The Swomee-Swans shove their head in the ground like
text: ostriches. A Bar-Ba-Loot tries it and knocks himself out.
text: A series of lightning bolts hit the stump causing an
text: explosion that reverberates through the valley.
text: Lou struggles to stand up in the wind. A fish flies into his
text: face, knocking him over.
text: The whole thunderstorm is sucked back into the stump and out
dialog: pops-—
text: THE LORAX. Shortish, brownish, and in charge. He slowly
text: stands up. Sees the stump, reacts horrified.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: What the w-- Who the-- Oh!
text: The animals watch as he collects some ROCKS and stacks them
text: on the stump, creating a memorial. Pipsqueak sees this. He
text: brings over a rock and offers it to the Lorax. Other animals
dialog: join him.
text: When they are done they take a moment of silence for the
text: stump. Pipsqueak walks over and holds the Lorax’s hand. Lou
text: awkwardly grabs the Lorax’s other hand and starts blubbering.
text: Then the Lorax hears the Once-ler WHISTLING and spots him
text: ripping tufts from the Truffula tree. The Lorax furrows his
text: brow and walks over to investigate.
text: The Once-ler shakes the tufts like pom-poms as he pulls them
text: off the felled tree.
text: Then he pulls another piece of the tuft and the Lorax comes
dialog: up with it.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 30.
text: The Once-ler is startled and trips, falling to the ground.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: Did you chop down this tree?
text: Pipsqueak curiously wanders over to them.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: What? Uh... no. Who did it?
dialog: (gasps, points offscreen)
dialog: What’s that?!
text: The Lorax looks away and Once-ler drops the axe onto
dialog: Pipsqueak.
speaker_heading: PIPSQUEAK
dialog: oy!
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: I think he did it.
text: The Lorax isn’t buying it.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Leave! Vacate the premises! Take
dialog: your axe and get out!
text: The Once-ler stares at the Lorax.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: And who are you?
text: The Once-ler pokes the Lorax in the belly.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: What-- what?!! I’m-- I’m the
dialog: Lorax!
dialog: (off Once-ler’s blank
dialog: look)
dialog: Guardian of the forest. I speak
dialog: for the trees.
dialog: (still blank)
dialog: So you're telling me you just
dialog: didn’t see me magically appear out
dialog: of that stump? With all the
dialog: lightning and thunder and stuff?
dialog: You didn’t see any of that?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: No. But that sounds amazing. Can
dialog: I see some of that?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 31.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Uh... yeah, I could show you. But
dialog: that’s not how it works.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: (condescending)
dialog: Okay, um... Didn’t really happen.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, I know what you want!
dialog: (pokes Lorax’s nose)
text: He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a MARSHMALLOW.
text: Holds it out.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: (baby talk)
dialog: I’ve got one of these for the
dialog: cutest little guy I ever saw.
dialog: Yummy-yummy-yummy...
text: The Lorax stares at the marshmallow.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: How dare you! Give me that!
text: He grabs the marshmallow. Sniffs it. It smells good.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Hmmm... I’m going to eat this, but
dialog: I am highly offended by it.
text: He plops it into his mouth. Then makes his way over to the
text: Once-ler’s tent-house which is being supported by stakes and
text: ropes. Kick out a STAKE. The canvas starts to sag.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Whoa, what are you-- What?! Hey,
dialog: mustache! Will you stop that!
text: The Lorax continues circling around the tent-house pulling up
text: stakes. The Once-ler grabs his HAMMER and follows, pounding
dialog: them back in.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s your deal, man?!
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Time for you to go, beanpole!
text: They circle faster and faster around the tent-house, the
text: Lorax pulling up stakes and the Once-ler pounding them back
dialog: in.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 32.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Pull ‘em right out and I’m just
dialog: gonna put ‘em right back in. I can
dialog: do this all day. Unbelievable.
text: Until the Once-ler turns a corner and is about to bring his
dialog: hammer down on--
text: Pipsqueak. The Lorax has placed him right where the stake
text: would have been. The Lorax holds up his hand to stop the
dialog: Once-ler.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Whoa! Stop right there! Stop it!
dialog: So you’d hammer one of nature’s
dialog: innocent creatures?
text: The Lorax pats Pipsqueak on the head and he happily runs
text: offscreen.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: What?! No, I would never hit this
dialog: little guy. You, on the other
dialog: hand, I would gladly pound you and
dialog: your mustache into the ground.
text: The Lorax turns to all of the watching animals.
speaker_heading: LORAX
text: Behold the intruder and his violent
dialog: ways!
dialog: (to the Once-ler)
dialog: Shame on you. For shame.
text: The Once-ler drops the hammer and hides it behind his feet.
text: Then he sees all of the animals nodding their heads in
dialog: agreement.
dialog: The Once-ler’s had it.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: All right, you know what, that’s
dialog: it.
dialog: (points at Lorax)
dialog: You listen to me, you furry
dialog: meatloaf. I’m gonna chop down as
dialog: Many trees as I need. Okay, news
dialog: flash, not going anywhere. End of
dialog: story!
text: He turns and enters his cottage. His sticks his tongue out
text: and does RASPBERRIES to the Lorax before slamming the door
text: behind him.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 33.
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER’S COTTAGE - PAST - CONTINUOUS
text: The Once-ler sighs heavily, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: LORAX (0.S.)
dialog: Then you leave me no choice.
text: Startled, the Once-ler turns and sees that the Lorax is
text: somehow inside with him. He points a threatening finger at
text: the Once-ler and speaks in a spooky voice as if he’s casting
dialog: a spell.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: If you’re not gone by the time the
dialog: sun sets on this valley, all the
dialog: forces of nature will be unleashed
dialog: upon you and curse you until the
dialog: end of your days!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have been warned.
text: Lorax turns to make a dramatic exit, but can’t reach the
text: doorknob of Once-ler’s door. He hops a couple of times.
text: Finally, the Once-ler lets him out.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Yeah, okay.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: You have been warned!
text: The Lorax storms out and slams the door, leaving the Once-ler
text: alone in his cottage.
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM - PRESENT - NIGHT
text: Back to the Once-ler looking down at Ted from his Lerkim.
text: Ted is clearly entranced by the story.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: But I didn’t listen to his warning.
dialog: And you won't believe what happened
dialog: that night...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 34.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: If you want to hear more, come back
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey, wait, wait! Tomorrow?
text: The Whisper-Ma-Phone gets pulled back up. Ted leaps up and
text: grabs it, getting carried up.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Whooooa!
text: The Whisper-Ma-Phone retracts into the shutters. Ted is
text: flipped up into a bucket hanging near the window.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you serious right now? Ugh!
dialog: You live in the middle of nowhere!
dialog: It stinks out here! Don’t make me
dialog: come back.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Then I guess you don’t really want
text: to hear the rest of the story.
text: Once-ler quickly drops the bucket down, and Ted with it. The
text: bucket stops right before the ground and the claw comes down
text: and knocks Ted out of it. Ted gets back up and shouts up to
dialog: the Once-ler.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No, no, no, no, I do. I really do.
dialog: I wanna hear the story, I just--
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Nah! You don’t have what it takes.
dialog: Goodbye!
text: His green arms leave the window. Ted realizes he’s pushed
text: too much, and does an about-face.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Wait, wait, wait! I have what it
dialog: takes. It’s alright. It’s okay.
dialog: I’ll come back. It’s no problem!
text: Ted turns and quickly heads down the path back to his
text: scooter.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 35.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: See, here I am leaving! Walking
dialog: away now. I’11 see you tomorrow!
text: The Once-ler watches Ted as he runs down the path.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Hmmmmm. Maybe...just maybe.
scene_heading: INT: AUDREY’S HOUSE - TED’S DAYDREAM - DAY
text: CLOSE ON a BIRTHDAY CAKE with sixteen candles. Audrey stands
text: in front of the cake as a bunch of PARTYGOERS sing.
speaker_heading: PARTYGOERS
dialog: Happy Birthday to you!
text: Audrey closes her eyes, makes a wish, and blows out the
dialog: candles.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: What’d you wish for, Audrey?
text: Audrey smiles.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Well, I’d love to tell you, but
dialog: sadly, according to the universal
dialog: wish laws, I cannot.
speaker_heading: TED (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, I know what she wished for.
text: Audrey turns and sees Ted playing the piano on a balcony
text: above. In a TUXEDO. He hops onto the railing of a spiral
text: staircase and slides down to the first floor, where he
text: continues sliding past a WAITER who holds a tray with an
text: milkshake. Ted grabs it as he continues sliding to a TALL
text: OBJECT covered with a VELVET CLOTH.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Was it perhaps...
dialog: (takes a sip from the
dialog: shake)
dialog: Uh--this?
text: He removes the velvet cloth, revealing a POTTED TRUFFULA
text: TREE. The party erupts in CHEERS and APPLAUSE and FLASHBULBS
text: POP. Audrey can’t believe her eyes.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Ted, you-- You didn’t.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 36.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Oh, no, I totally did. Happy
dialog: Birthday, Audrey.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh...
text: The crowd starts chanting.
speaker_heading: PARTYGOERS
dialog: Kiss him! Kiss him! Kiss him!
text: Ted turns to Audrey and shrugs. What can we do?
text: Audrey looks Ted right in the eyes. She moves in for a kiss
text: and Ted puckers up.
speaker_heading: TED'S MOM’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Ted!
scene_heading: INT: DINING ROOM - PRESENT - MORNING
text: Ted comes out of his daydream. He is sitting at the table
text: kissing a CEREAL BOX (EMPTY-0'S).
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Ted. Tedster.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Huh?
text: His Mom sits next to him.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: You're kissing the cereal again,
dialog: hon.
text: Ted realizes he’s been caught kissing a cereal box.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What? I just...I like-- I like
dialog: this cereal. What one is this?
dialog: Yeah!
text: Ted shoves a huge spoonful of cereal in his mouth.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: O-kay... Well I’1l make sure to buy
dialog: extra next time for you.
text: Ted gets up and rushes for the door.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 37.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: All right, cool. Hey, I gotta run.
dialog: I gotta go do...a thing...so...
dialog: I’1ll see you guys.
text: Mom quickly reaches out a hand and grabs him by his shirt
text: collar, stopping him.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa! You're not going
dialog: anywhere, young man. It’s Sunday.
dialog: You know what that means? Family
dialog: time. And we’re all playing board
dialog: games!
text: Ted's face falls. Grammy Norma watches, interested.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: But--
scene_heading: INT: TED'S HOUSE - PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted sits at the table with his Mom and Grammy Norma playing a
text: word game. Grammy Norma surveys the board, holding a letter
text: in each hand.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Hmmm. Hmmm. Oooh! No...
dialog: Ted SIGHS.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (whispers to himself)
dialog: Oh man...
text: Mom is also getting frustrated.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: (to Grammy Norma)
dialog: Mom, seriously--every turn?
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Hey, back off!
dialog: (surveys the board)
dialog: Oooh! No.
text: Ted's head hits the table. Mom stands up. She’s had it.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Okay, Family Time is over! It is
dialog: now Personal Time, I’1l be in my
dialog: room!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 38.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Oh, okay, dear. Have fun!
text: She heads upstairs to her room. As soon as she’s gone Ted
text: turns to see Grammy’s face right next to his.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa!
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: I knew I could break her. Go.
text: Ted’s confused. Grammy Norma gestures to the door.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA (CONT’D)
dialog: Go see him!
text: Ted realizes what she means. Smiles.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Oh, yeah! You rule! Thank you,
dialog: Grammy!
text: And he runs out the door.
scene_heading: EXT: THNEEDVILLE - PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted rides his scooter through the street on his way back to
text: the door out of town.
scene_heading: EXT: ALLEY - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ted turns into an alley and runs into someone. He falls off
text: his scooter. He looks up at Mooney and McGurk. Mooney sips
text: from a tiny O’Hare Air can and then crushes it with his
text: fingers. They step aside revealing, Aloysius O’Hare, who
text: uses their hands to walk down to the ground from his car.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Hey, Ted, right?
text: He signs a document and then sticks his pen in the palm of
text: Mooney’s hand. Mooney GROANS.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (a bit creeped out)
dialog: Uh... Mr. O’Hare.
text: O'Hare gives Mooney and McGurk a look. They close like
text: automatic doors, completely sealing off the alleyway. O’Hare
text: puts a hand on Ted’s shoulder.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 39.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: So I hear you've become interested
dialog: in trees. What’s that all about?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (chuckles nervously)
dialog: Oh, um... Where’d you hear that?
text: O'Hare smiles.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Oh, Teddy, there’s not much that
dialog: goes on in Thneedville that I don’t
dialog: know about.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Here’s the deal. I make a living
dialog: selling fresh air to people.
dialog: Trees, oh, they make it for free.
dialog: So when I hear people talking about
dialog: them, I consider it kind of a
dialog: threat to my business.
dialog: (growls)
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: C'mon, I don’t even know what
dialog: you're talking about, I...
text: O'Hare, furious, gets right in Ted’s face.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Listen to me, boy. Don’t go poking
dialog: around in things you don’t
dialog: understand. Or I’1ll be your worst
dialog: nightmare! I’m Frankenstein’s head
dialog: on a spider’s body!
text: Ted nods, trying not to freak out.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah, um, okay... my mom’s
dialog: expecting me so I’m just gonna--
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: (chuckles )
dialog: Of course, of course, now go back
dialog: to your family game time. Grandma
text: just finished her turn.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: How-- How did you know?
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Please. I have eyes everywhere.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 40.
text: Mounted security cameras turn to face Ted. The eyes of a
text: BABY IN A BILLBOARD move to look at him. A ROBOT CAT turns
text: its head 180 degrees to stare at him.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: You got a beautiful town here, Ted.
dialog: Lots of fun stuff to occupy your
dialog: short attention span. Why I can’t
dialog: think of any reason you’d ever want
dialog: to go outside of town again. Ever.
text: O'Hare gestures to Mooney and McGurk, who menacingly
text: straighten the kinked neck of Ted’s scooter and slap Ted’s
text: helmet on his head. They open up the alley exit. Ted
text: quickly scooters away.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: (calls after him)
dialog: Okay! Good talk! Really good
dialog: talk.
text: The three of them get into O’Hare’s car.
text: Ted waits around the corner for the car to leave. He gets a
text: determined look on his face, turns around, and scooters
text: toward the end of town.
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM - PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted arrives out of breath. Runs up to the door and RINGS the
text: doorbell. This starts to set off the giant hammer again.
text: Ted’s face falls. He forgot.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Oh no.
text: He quickly jumps out of the way and tumbles to the ground as
dialog: the Seussian machine does its stuff.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Look out!
text: Then calls up to the window.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, man! Hey! You know, you need
dialog: to change that doorbell!
text: The Once-ler’s eyes appear in the boarded-up window.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Awww, you missed me.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 4l.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: You’re already back. Clearly you
dialog: missed me... a little, right?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No I didn’t. I just-- I’m here to
text: hear the end of the story.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Why are you so interested in trees,
dialog: anyway? Why aren’t you like other
text: kids, break-dancing and wearing
text: bell-bottoms and playing the Donkey
dialog: Kongs?
text: Ted reacts--"break-dancing”? “Donkey Kong"?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (playing it off)
dialog: Yeah, right, right... Yeah, I don’t
dialog: know, I just-- I just, you know,
dialog: thought it would be kinda cool to
dialog: have one, you know.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Abhh...It’s a girl, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Pffft!
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: What? No!
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Really? ‘Cause when a guy does
dialog: something stupid once, well, that’s
dialog: because he’s a guy. But if he does
dialog: the same stupid thing twice, it’s
dialog: usually to impress some girl.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey, she is not “some girl.” She's
text: a woman. In high school. And she
dialog: loves trees and I’m going to get
dialog: her one.
text: The Once-ler’s yellow eyes stare down from the window, almost
text: seeming to smile.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Aww, how nice to see someone so
text: undeterred by things like REALITY.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 42.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: All right, where did we leave off?
scene_heading: EXT: ONCE-LER’S COTTAGE - PAST - NIGHT
text: A Humming-Fish jumps out of the pond and catches a FIREFLY in
text: his mouth. When he comes back up from the water his eyes
text: glow, scaring his two Humming-Fish friends.
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER’S COTTAGE - PAST - NIGHT
text: The Once-ler finishes knitting his THNEED. He holds it up,
text: admiring it with a smile.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Now that’s a Thneed! Nothing
dialog: unmanly about knitting. No sir.
text: He sets it on a chair. Stifles a yawn. Then crawls into
text: bed, turns out the light, and closes his eyes. He begins
text: SNORING, sound asleep.
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER’S COTTAGE - PAST - NIGHT
text: CREEEEAK! The sleeping Once-ler doesn’t wake at the sound of
text: the door slowly opening. Then the faint sound of tiny
text: footsteps can be heard shuffling across the floor.
text: The Once-ler’s bed raises up off the ground several inches
text: and begins to move toward the door.
text: Lou backs into the stove and burns himself.
text: It’s almost to the door when we hear a THUD!
text: Several animals struggle to carry the Once-ler’s bed.
text: They reach the front door of the house -- the bed won't fit.
dialog: BANG BANG BANG!
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Look at that-- That-- You-- Oh!
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: (in his sleep)
dialog: What?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 43.
text: The animals drop the bed.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: (slaps his forehead)
dialog: Who taught you guys how to steal a
dialog: bed?
scene_heading: EXT: ONCE-LER’S HOUSE - PAST - LATER
text: The Lorax directs the animals from outside as they finally
text: manage to get the bed out through the window.
text: Melvin sees this and WHINNIES. The Lorax approaches him with
text: some Truffula fruit. Melvin takes it as payment to keep
dialog: quiet.
scene_heading: EXT: TRUFFULA VALLEY - PAST - NIGHT
text: Under the pale moonlight, we see THREE HUMMING-FISH humming
text: the MISSION IMPOSSIBLE THEME. Then the silhouettes of the
text: Lorax and several other animals tiptoe as they carry the Once-
text: ler's bed from his home, down the hill toward a flowing
text: river. Lou runs after them, huffing and puffing, trying to
dialog: keep up.
scene_heading: EXT: RIVERBANK —- PAST — CONTINUOUS
text: The Lorax and the animals come to a halt at the edge of the
text: river. The Lorax smiles as he addresses his accomplices.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Okay, nice and easy.
text: The Lorax and the animals quietly slip the bed into the river
text: and watch as it calmly floats downstream. The Lorax turns to
text: the animals, beaming.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice work, you guys. Couldn’t’ve
dialog: done it without you.
text: He turns and waves to the Once-ler as he floats away. The
text: Lorax's face falls as he sees Pipsqueak waving back at him,
text: sitting on top of the sleeping Once-ler and floating
dialog: downstream.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: You gotta to be kidding me. Can he
dialog: swim?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 44,
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: (Pipsqueak’s Mom shakes
dialog: her head no)
dialog: Of course he can’t swim!
dialog: (to Pipsqueak)
dialog: Hang on, Pipsqueak! I’m coming to
dialog: getcha!
text: The Lorax and animals take off running along side the
text: floating bed. Lou rolls his eyes and runs after them.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, you fishies! Stop that bed!
text: They swim up to the bed and try to pull it over to the side,
text: but the blanket and top sheet rips off, covering them.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: oh!
text: Still sleeping, the Once-ler shivers and grabs Pipsqueak and
text: uses him like a blanket.
text: The Lorax points to a LOW-HANGING BRANCH. He directs the
text: animals up the tree.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Jump! Jump! C’mon get up there!
dialog: C’mon! Go go! Little bit more!
dialog: Little bit more!
text: The branch doesn’t hang low enough.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Ugh! Now what?
text: Lorax looks over to see Lou standing next to him stuffing his
text: face with fruit.
text: The Lorax struggles to push Lou up the tree.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon! Get up there! Whoa!
text: The branch hangs low enough to reach Pipsqueak. Pipsqueak
text: sees the Lorax and Bar-Ba-Loots hanging from the branch
text: trying to save him. The Lorax stretches out his hand...
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, Pipsqueak, give me your hand.
dialog: C'mon, reach out for the Lorax.
text: .--but Pipsqueak grabs FRUIT hanging from the tree instead
text: and takes a big bite.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 45.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Where’d you go?
dialog: (slaps his forehead)
dialog: What are you?! Bar-Ba-Loots...
text: The Once-ler’s foot now drops into the water. Like a rudder,
text: it re-directs the bed to a side stream. The Lorax’s face
dialog: falls.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, that’s bad.
text: The bed passes by the Three Humming-Fish standing on a lily
text: pad who are HUMMING “TAPS”.
text: Suddenly, Pipsqueak whimpers and a look of terror comes over
text: his face as he looks downstream and sees rapids approaching.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Beanpole! Wake up!
text: Pipsqueak runs to the end of the bed, which flips upside down
text: in the water. Then it flips right side up again. The Once-
text: ler is covered in fish who quickly jump back off the bed and
text: into the water.
text: The Once-ler wakes up, spitting water out of his mouth. He
text: looks at Pipsqueak holding onto the bed frame and waving to
text: him. Pipsqueak CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Uh, what’s happening? Where is--
dialog: Where am I?
text: Then he sees the Lorax running alongside him on the shore.
text: His face falls.
text: The Lorax points to the rapids ahead.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Hey, you got trouble and it’s
dialog: coming up fast!
text: The Once-ler turns and sees the approaching rapids.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Aaah! We're in a river!
text: The river is picking up speed. Pipsqueak and the Once-ler
text: hold on for dear life as the bed hits the whitewater and bobs
text: up and down.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER AND PIPSQUEAK
dialog: Whhhhhhooooocooaaaaa!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 46.
text: Finally the whitewater ends. The Once-ler and Pipsqueak
text: breathe sighs of relief. They LAUGH at the fact that they
text: survived and then see the waterfall ahead of them.
speaker_heading: PIPSQUEAK
dialog: Ewww...
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Oh no.
text: He and Pipsqueak SCREAM in fear. The Once-ler unsuccessfully
text: tries to use his pillow to paddle away from the waterfall.
text: He calls to the Lorax.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Just do something!
text: The Lorax looks around. Spots a GIANT BOULDER up high above
dialog: the waterfall.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Help is on the way!
text: The bed heads closer and closer to the falls.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: (mutters to himself)
dialog: What the-- Oh no!
text: The Lorax quickly scampers up to the boulder with a STICK.
text: Wedges the stick under the boulder. Tries to dislodge it.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Just a minute!
text: He jumps up and down on the stick. The boulder gets
text: dislodged and rolls down the hill.
text: At the end of the hill is a small slope going up, which send
text: the boulder flying.
text: The Once-ler and Pipsqueak, about to go over the waterfall,
text: now see a giant boulder flying at them.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER AND PIPSQUEAK
dialog: Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh! !!
text: THUMP! The boulder connects with the far side of the bed,
text: catapulting the Once-ler and Pipsqueak off of it.
text: The bed crashes over the falls. Violently.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 47.
text: THUD! The Once-ler bounces and slides along the ground on
text: his back, holding Pipsqueak up in the air, so he wouldn’t get
dialog: hurt.
speaker_heading: PIPSQUEAK
dialog: Huh.
text: Pipsqueak looks over to the Lorax who appears on the scene,
text: seeing the Once-ler lying unconscious. His eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Oooo! Oh no...
dialog: (slaps the Once-ler)
dialog: Wake up! Wake up!
text: The Lorax knows what he needs to do, but doesn’t want to do
dialog: it.
text: The animals watch as the Lorax pinches the Once-ler’s nose
text: and tips his head back. He takes a deep breath and lowers
text: his lips to the Once-ler’s.
text: The Lorax comes up and wipes off his tongue. That didn’t
text: work, so he grabs two Bar-Ba-Loots, rubbing them together to
text: create a static charge that he uses to shock the Once-ler.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Clear!
text: The Lorax jumps back as the Once-ler wakes up. He
text: immediately reaches out and hugs the Lorax.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Haha! I was heading into the light
dialog: and you pulled me right back and
dialog: here I am! You saved my life!
text: The Lorax squirms guiltily as the Once-ler hugs him.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Yeah, no...I know. Well, no, it’s
dialog: not that big a deal.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: It is a big deal! Look, I almost
dialog: went over that waterfall--
dialog: (breaks off hug,
dialog: realizing)
dialog: In my bed... How did my bed get in
dialog: the river?
text: The Lorax avoids eye contact with the Once-ler.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 48.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Oh, about that, actually...
dialog: um...I...
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Putyourbedinthewater.
text: The Once-ler drops the Lorax.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t mean you any harm! I just
dialog: wanted to calmly float you away.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, everyone here needs the
dialog: trees. And you’re chopping ‘em
dialog: down. So we've got a big problem.
text: The Once-ler looks down and sees Pipsqueak holding on to his
text: leg, looking up at him with puppy-dog eyes. Pipsqueak nods.
text: The Once-ler looks at all the animals. The Lorax. Finally,
text: it begins to sink in. He kneels down and address the
dialog: animals.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
text: (holds up his hand to
dialog: swear)
dialog: Alright, look, I hereby swear that
dialog: I will never chop down another
dialog: tree. I promise!
text: The Lorax looks him over.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Thank you. But I’m gonna keep my
dialog: eye on you.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Good. Now, I’ve got a big day
dialog: tomorrow, so I’m going to get some
dialog: sleep.
text: The Once-ler heads off toward his house. The animals all
text: CHEER. The Once-ler stops and walks back toward the falls.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
text: Right after I find my bed.
text: The other Baby Bar-Ba-Loot touches a fish next to him,
dialog: shocking it.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 49,
scene_heading: EXT: TRUFFULA VALLEY - PAST - MORNING
text: FADE IN on another beautiful morning in Truffula Valley.
text: Reveal the Humming-fish Trio CROWING like roosters on top of
text: one of the trees.
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER’S COTTAGE - PAST - SAME
text: The Once-ler wakes up from a good night’s sleep. Then turns
dialog: and finds--
text: The Lorax. Lying next to him in the bed, SNORING. He
speaker_heading: SCREAMS .
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Aaaaiiiigggghhhhh!
text: This wakes up the Lorax.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Aaaiiiiggghhhhh!
scene_heading: ONCE-LER AND LORAX
dialog: Aaaiiiiggghhhhhh!!!
text: Lorax punches the Once-ler.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Ow. Okay, uh... What are you, I-I--
text: The Once-ler looks around. He turns to the Lorax.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Question... what are they doing
dialog: here?
text: We reveal his place is filled with animals. Bar-ba-loots
text: curled up at the foot of his bed, Swomee-Swans nesting in
text: light fixtures, and Humming-fish in drawers. A sleeping Bar-
text: Ba-Loot SNEEZES, knocking the Baby Bar-Ba-Loot on it’s
text: stomache onto the ground.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And follow up, if I may, what are
dialog: YOU doing here?!
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Well, after "the incident” last
dialog: night we found one of your socks
dialog: and came here to return it. But
dialog: when we got here, you were asleep.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 50.
text: Something drops on the Once-ler’s head.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: What?
text: He looks up to see it’s drool from a Bar-Ba-Loot sleeping on
dialog: his lamp.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Ew, exactly. And sleeping is the
dialog: body's way of telling other people
dialog: to go away.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: I know, but you looked so cozy...
dialog: and it was cold outside... and we
dialog: just fell asleep. No harm done.
text: The Once-ler jumps up out of his bed, flustered.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: No harm done? No harm done???
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Okay...
text: Then he turns to the counter and sees several fish sitting in
text: drinking glasses of water, like jacuzzis.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, okay, I put my lips on those.
dialog: Well, I used to anyway.
text: Then he sees a Swomee-Swan nesting in a large bowl on the
text: counter top. The bird SQUAWKS loudly, then stands up,
text: revealing a FRESHLY-LAID EGG.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Ewww!
text: The animals all applaud, proud of her. She high fives
text: another Swomee-Swan. The Once-ler is disgusted.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you just...in my bowl?!
text: The Once-ler grits his teeth.
text: The Lorax’s hand grabs the Once-ler’s TOOTHBRUSH out of a
text: glass. He enters the kitchen combing his moustache with the
scene_heading: TOOTHBRUSH.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Why do you have one of these?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 51.
text: He holds it up--it’s filled with yellow LORAX HAIR.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t even have a moustache.
text: He hands it to the Once-ler and heads for the fridge. The
text: Once-ler follows him, tossing the toothbrush in the trash.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Okay, that’s it!
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: What? I thought we made a deal
dialog: last night.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Yes, we did! And I said I wouldn't
text: chop down anymore trees.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: And I said I was going to keep an
dialog: eye on you.
dialog: (turns to fridge)
dialog: I’m starvin’, what’s for breakfast?
text: The Lorax opens the refrigerator, revealing Lou with his
text: cheeks stuffed full with everything in the fridge. He looks
text: out at the Lorax and Once-ler. Busted. Then he shoves the
text: last remaining item into his mouth. An entire STICK OF
text: BUTTER. The Lorax closes the fridge.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
text: Breakfast is overrated.
text: The Once-ler looks like he is about to explode, but stops.
text: Takes a deep breath and puts his hands in the air.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: You know what? I got work to do.
dialog: Yup! I gotta go into town and sell
dialog: my Thneed!
text: The Once-ler holds up the Thneed. The Lorax stares at it.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Oh! You chopped down one of my
dialog: trees to make that piece of
dialog: garbage? Just look at that--
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Garbage? Oh, no. OH, NO! You do
dialog: not get it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 52.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a revolutionary product
dialog: that will change the world as we
dialog: know it!
text: The Once-ler walks over to the Bar-ba-loots sleeping on the
text: table and brushes them all off.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: It has a million uses!
text: He reaches under the table and pulls up Lou who is now
text: wearing the Thneed as underwear.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at this! It’s a swimsuit!
dialog: Hup-hey-oh!
text: Then he points to the muddy animal tracks on the floor.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mud tracked all over your floor by
dialog: uninvited guests? Well, the Thneed
dialog: sure comes in handy for that! Wup-
dialog: adup-apoh!
text: The Once-ler uses it to wipe up the mud tracks.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: But wait, there’s more! Thanks to
dialog: its all-natural micro-fibers, the
dialog: Thneed is super-absorbent!
text: Then he goes to the fish swimming a glass filled with water.
text: Shoves the Thneed into the glass. SLUUUURP! It instantly
text: soaks up all the water, leaving the irritated fish standing
text: in the dry glass.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: It also works as a hat!
text: He plops the Thneed onto Lorax’s head. SPLURCH! It’s
text: sopping wet and drips all over him. The Lorax gives the Once-
dialog: ler a look.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course, you’d probably want to
dialog: wring it out first, eh--
text: The Lorax takes the Thneed off his head and throws it at the
dialog: Once-ler.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 53.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Go ahead, go ahead! Knock yourself
dialog: out. But nobody’s gonna buy that
dialog: thing!
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Good to know. Well fortunately
dialog: you’re not the target market.
dialog: Weirdo.
text: Once-ler strums his guitar.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: You're bringing a guitar?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Oh, yeah. Oh, I got a little
dialog: jingle, gonna blow some minds.
dialog: Gonna sell some Thneeds!
text: He holds up the Thneed defiantly.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah...
text: The Once-ler slams the door, waking up a Swommee-Swan, who
text: HONKS .
scene_heading: EXT: TOWN SQUARE - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler stands in the middle of town square with his
text: guitar and the Thneed, singing his jingle for all he’s worth.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Everybody needs a Thneed
dialog: A fine thing that all people--
text: SPLAAT! The Once-ler is hit in the face with a TOMATO. The
text: Crowd all LAUGHS at him.
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM - PRESENT - NIGHT
text: The Once-ler looks down to Ted.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Unfortunately, I didn’t sell the
dialog: Thneed the first day.
scene_heading: EXT: TOWN SQUARE - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler is back singing in front of the town.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 54.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: The Thneed is good,
dialog: The Thneed is greaaaat-- Hey!
text: A LITTLE GIRL grabs the Once-ler’s guitar and smashes it.
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM - PRESENT - NIGHT
text: The Once-ler looks down to Ted.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Or the second day.
scene_heading: EXT: TOWN SQUARE - PAST - DAY
text: SPLAAT! The Once-ler’s hit in the face with a tomato again.
text: SPLAAT! SPLAAT! SPLAAT! It’s an onslaught of rotten
dialog: tomatoes.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Ow! Oh, hey!
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (V.O.)
dialog: Or the third. Or the fourth. Or
dialog: fifth day.
text: Melvin catches one in his mouth and eats it.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL a VENDOR with a “TOMATOES FOR SALE,
text: $3.98” CART, and a long line of people buying them to throw
text: at the Once-ler. Next in line is a NUN. Melvin is at the
text: end of the line.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
text: That one hit the tender spot.
text: The Once-ler wipes the tomatoes off his face with the Thneed.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (V.O.)
dialog: Until finally...
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: That’s it! You know what? I’m--
dialog: I'm done with this thing.
text: The crowd, waiting for their tomatoes, react disappointedly.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Awwwwwww...
text: The Once-ler walks around the corner.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 55.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: My family was right! I quit!
text: He takes the Thneed off from around his neck and tosses it
text: over his shoulder where it lands on the head of a GEEKY
text: TEENAGE GIRL, knocking off her glasses and causing her long
text: hair to unfurl. As she struggles to get it off it becomes a
text: hat. She is about to take it off when a COOL GUY passes by.
speaker_heading: COOL GUY
dialog: Hey, cool hat.
text: Some other TEENAGE GIRLS notice this. Approach the Geeky
dialog: Teenage Girl.
scene_heading: OTHER TEEN GIRL
dialog: Oh my gosh, I totally want one.
scene_heading: YET ANOTHER TEEN GIRL
dialog: That thing makes me like you more.
text: Suddenly everyone in the park notices the Geeky Teenage Girl
text: and her Thneed. She smiles at all the attention.
scene_heading: EXT: ONCE-LER’S COTTAGE - PAST - EVENING
text: Outside of the cottage the Lorax is playing cards with the
text: three animal kids. Lorax plays a card and then sees that
text: Bill has eaten his.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Awww...
text: The Lorax sees the Once-ler approaching. Without the Thneed.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, where's your Thneed? Did you
dialog: sell it?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Hey, yeah, no, ah, no. No, didn’t
dialog: sell it. Turns out it’s ahead of
dialog: its time, I guess.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Hey, you gave it your best shot,
dialog: right? What more can you do? Come
dialog: on, take a seat, we’ll deal you in.
text: The Once-ler smiles.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Ah, what are we playing?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 56.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: I’m playing poker...
dialog: (gestures to Gil)
dialog: He’s playing Go Fish...
dialog: (gestures to Bill)
dialog: And I think he’s hungry.
text: Bill pecks one of Gil’s cards out of his hand and eats it.
speaker_heading: GIL
dialog: Aww....
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER’S COTTAGE - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler stands at his stove, happily making Truffula
text: berry pancakes.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Pancake. Flip-a-dee-boo!
text: He turns around with a fresh stack and we see that his place
text: is FILLED WITH ANIMALS. He’s cooking for everyone.
text: Pipsqueak is his sous-chef who catches the pancakes on a
text: plate. The Once-ler takes the plate from him and pats him on
text: the head.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Who is up for ninths?
text: The animals are stuffed. Including one INCREDIBLY FAT
text: HUMMING-FISH. Lou frantically waves his hand.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Ooh-ooh-ooh!
text: The Lorax is stuffed and struggles to sit up. He sighs.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Alright, pass ‘em over.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Yeah, see--
text: The Once-ler brings over the fresh stack. On his way--
text: RRRRRUUUUUMMBLE! The ground starts to shake. The Once-ler
text: and animals look around.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: (shaking)
dialog: What is going on?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 57.
text: The sound is coming from outside. They head for the door.
scene_heading: EXT: ONCE-LERS COTTAGE - PAST - CONTINUOUS
text: The Once-ler, Lorax and all the animals rush outside. The
text: sound gets louder and the animals run for cover as the Lorax
text: and Once-ler turn toward the rumbling sound and see--
text: DOZENS OF PEOPLE charging over the hill, running toward the
dialog: Once-ler’s house.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Oh, no. That’s a lot of people.
text: Then he sees they all have cash in hand and all want Thneeds.
text: The animals run away to hide. The Lorax and Once-ler stare,
text: stunned.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Everybody needs a Thneed!
dialog: A fine thing that all people need!
dialog: The Thneed is good!
dialog: The Thneed is great!
dialog: Let's hope we're not too late!
text: The Teenage Girl leads the crowd wearing the Thneed as a hat.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: It's a super trendy hat!
text: The MAN next to her grabs it and uses it to make a tightrope
text: for his ACROBAT WIFE.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It'sa tightrope for an acrobat!
text: A BOY next to him grabs it (causing the acrobat to fall) and
text: uses it as a butterfly net.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: A net for catching butterflies!
text: The FAT GUY next to him grabs the Thneed and uses it like an
text: exercise belt, with the Boy still caught in it.
speaker_heading: FAT GUY
dialog: A thing you use for exercise!
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Everybody needs a Thneed!
dialog: (A Thneed! )
dialog: A fine thing that all people need!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 58.
speaker_heading: CROWD (CONT'D)
dialog: (We need!)
dialog: Everybody needs a Thneed!
text: The crowd goes crazy, waving their money. The Once-ler can’t
text: believe it. Is this really happening? He snatches up the
text: money being shoved at him and turns to the Lorax and animals.
text: Waving stacks of cash over his head.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Aww, yeah! We’re in business,
dialog: baby!
text: The Lorax frowns. Pipsqueak obliviously dances along with
text: the music. Clearly not happy about this.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: We all agree
dialog: We need a Thneed!
dialog: We need a Thneed!
text: The Once-ler grabs his PHONE and makes a call.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Mom! Hey, it’s me! I told you I
dialog: was gonna be a success! You need
dialog: to bring the whole family here,
dialog: right now! We’re gonna be rich!
dialog: (off Lorax’s look)
dialog: What? I’m gonna need all the help
dialog: I can get. Don’t worry---
text: The Lorax looks worried. A dollar floats past camera, wiping
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT: THNEEDVILLE STREETS - PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted and Grammy Norma zip through town.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: So has he told you how to get a
dialog: tree yet?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (calling over the
dialog: motorcycle)
dialog: Actually, no... But I think he’s
dialog: gonna get to that part really soon.
dialog: Here we are!
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: What?!
text: Ted stops the scooter in front of a SUPERMARKET.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 59.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA (CONT’D)
dialog: (realizes they arrived)
dialog: Oh, I’1l just be a minute.
text: And she enters the store. Ted waits, then sees Audrey
text: walking towards him carrying CANS OF PAINT.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Oh, wow...
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Hey, Audrey!
text: Audrey sees him. Smiles.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, hi Ted! What’s up?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Oh, you know me, just cruising.
dialog: Puttin’ out the vibe... Just me
dialog: and my thoughts--
text: Just then Grammy Norma hops on the back of the scooter.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Ooh, is THIS the girl you’re always
dialog: talking about?
text: Ted makes a face.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Ah, Gramma, stop making things up!
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Wow, she’s even prettier than you--
text: He revs up the engine to cover up any more potentially
text: embarrassing comments and takes off.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Okay, gotta run! Bye!
text: Audrey watches him go with a smile.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, Grammy, let’s get you home.
scene_heading: EXT: AUDREY'S BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Audrey arrives in the backyard and looks up at her house.
text: She DROPS THE PAINT CANS in horror.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 60.
text: Her mural, the entire backside of her house, has been PAINTED
text: OVER. Her tree mural is gone. It’s completely white with a
text: “Courtesy of O’Hare Inc” logo painted in its place.
scene_heading: EXT: FAR END OF TOWN - PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted arrives back at the door leading out of town. The button
text: now has a metal plate welded over it with a “PROPERTY OF
text: O'HARE INC.” label on it. He tries to pull the metal plate
text: off the button. It doesn’t budge. He gets frustrated and
text: punches it. He looks around. How’s he going to get out now?
scene_heading: EXT: FAR END OF TOWN - PRESENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ted revs up his scooter. He rides up a curved wall and in
text: through the window of an apartment.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah!
scene_heading: INT: APARTMENT - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ted scooters through MARKETING GUY #2’s bathroom as he’s
text: taking a shower.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2
text: (shrieks like a woman)
dialog: Aaaaiiiiiggghhhhhh!!!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa, hey! So sorry! So sorry!
text: Marketing Guy #2 hits him with his rubber ducky. Ted drives
text: out of the room and up the stairs.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2 (0.S.)
dialog: My goodness!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Did not want to see that!
text: Ted rides his scooter out through the top floor window.
scene_heading: EXT: FAR END OF TOWN - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: He lands on a nearby roof and jumps rooftop to rooftop
text: through the city until he jumps over to the wall.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 61.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa!
text: He continues down the steep cliff side on the other side of
text: the wall where he bounces down to the ground and continues on
dialog: his way.
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM —- PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted runs up to the Lerkim carrying a BAG OF MARSHMALLOWS. He
text: calls up to the Lerkim.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey, I’m back!
text: The Once-ler’s arms appear.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: What have you got there?
dialog: (realizes, gasps)
dialog: Ah, yes!
text: The Once-ler lowers the Whisper-Ma-Phone and Ted pours the
text: marshmallows into it. The Once-ler uses it like a straw to
text: suck them up into his mouth.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa.
text: There’s silence. The Once-ler’s clearly touched by this
dialog: gesture.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: (chewing)
dialog: Thank you, Ted.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now picture this...
scene_heading: EXT: ONCE-LER’S COTTAGE - PAST - DAY
text: Gil climbs up to grab a piece a fruit in a tree as Lou
text: watches on. He struggles to pull it off and then falls down
text: to the ground.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (V.O.)
text: Sun shining... a blue sky... a
dialog: perfect day. It was all downhill
dialog: from there.
text: Up above, three Bar-Ba-Loots sleep in the soft tuft until--
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 62.
text: RUUUUUMBLE!!! A GIANT RV tears through the valley,
text: obliterating everything in its path.
text: Melvin turns to look and takes off.
text: Gil is stuck to the front of the RV and SCREAMS as it finally
text: comes to a stop next to the Once-ler’s cottage. Gil finally
text: falls to the ground with a THUD.
speaker_heading: GIL
dialog: Whoa!
text: All of the animals gather around, staring at it as if it were
text: a UFO.
text: Then the door in the side opens like a bay door in a flying
text: saucer. Smoke comes out. And then out steps--
text: GREAT-AUNT GRIZELDA. An ancient monster of a woman. She
text: looks around.
scene_heading: GREAT-AUNT GRIZELDA
dialog: What a dump!
text: Just then the Once-ler runs over with a smile on his face.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Hey, Aunt Grizelda!
text: Next out are the Once-ler’s moronic brothers, BRETT and CHET.
text: Brett spots Pipsqueak. Immediately picks him up and turns to
dialog: Chet.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Hey, Chet! Check this out! Go
dialog: long!
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: No, ah, Brett, that’s actually not
dialog: aum-- Okay.
text: Chet takes off running. Brett then throws a Bar-Ba-Loot like
text: a football.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Go long, go long!
text: Chet looks back over his shoulder and sees the Bar-Ba-Loot
text: coming. Smiles with anticipation. He’s about to catch him
dialog: when--
speaker_heading: CHET
dialog: I got it! I got it! I got--
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 63.
text: CRASH! He smacks right into the Truffula tree below. The
text: Bar-Ba-Loot grabs onto the tree tuft and then falls onto
text: Chet’s face.
speaker_heading: CHET (CONT’D)
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: --got it!
text: Brett laughs hysterically.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: He totally ran into that tree.
text: He slaps the Once-ler’s hand really hard.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Ow!
text: The ONCE-LER’S MOM now exits the RV, stepping on UNCLE UBB as
text: a step stool.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: Oncie, is that you?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Mom!
text: She approaches him, a big smile on her face. The Lorax looks
text: at the dead animal stole around her neck, horrified.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER'S MOM
dialog: There he is! There’s my big
dialog: suddenly successful son!
dialog: (kisses him)
dialog: We always knew you'd make it,
dialog: Oncie.
dialog: (to the family)
dialog: Right?
text: The entire family responds with smiles and congratulations
text: and displays of affection. Uncle Ubb, lanky and balding,
text: gives him a big hug.
speaker_heading: UNCLE UBB
dialog: Hey! I love this guy!
text: The Once-ler turns to his mom.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: But you always said I wouldn't
dialog: amount to anything remember?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 64.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: Oh, hush your mouth, I was just
dialog: trying to motivate you.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: I’m really glad you clarified that,
dialog: because it actually hurt my
dialog: feelings for a really long time.
text: The Once-ler breaks away from Uncle Ubb’s hug.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, ah, you’re all here, you
dialog: all work for me. And that’s cool.
dialog: So, let’s get to work!
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: Brett! Chet! Set up the RV!
text: Brett is about to throw another Bar-Ba-Loot.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Would you stop throwing that bear!
text: Chet drops the bear and runs over to the RV. Brett runs
text: after him, stepping on the fallen Bar-Ba-Loot.
text: Chet is about to push a button on the side of the RV, but
text: Brett shoves him out of the way and pushes it.
text: The RV comes to life. It digs posts into the ground and
text: begins expanding. A swing, a TV, a line of laundry, and a
text: satellite dish pop out. A Swomee-Swan flies right into the
dialog: satellite dish.
text: The finishing touch as a pink LAWN FLAMINGO.
speaker_heading: LORAX
text: No, no, no, whoa, whoa, whoa. Time
dialog: out, back up, stop, don’t move an
dialog: inch. Nobody’s moving in here.
dialog: You gotta go, goodbye.
text: The family stares at the Lorax.
scene_heading: GREAT-AUNT GRIZELDA
dialog: So who invited the giant furry
dialog: peanut?
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: You call me a peanut, huh? I’11 go
dialog: right up your nose!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 65.
text: Great-Aunt Grizelda seethes, ready for a fight. The Lorax
text: cracks his neck. The Once-ler immediately intercedes,
text: chuckling.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Whoa whoa whoa, you wouldn't hit a
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Wha-- That’s a woman?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Okay, everyone cool it. Let’s not
dialog: get off on the wrong foot here. Um,
dialog: family, this is my friend--
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Acquaintance.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: --acquaintance, very good
text: acquaintance, the Lorax. He speaks
dialog: for the trees.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: That’s right. And on behalf of the
dialog: trees--get out!
text: The Once-ler’s family GASPS. The Once-ler pulls the Lorax
dialog: aside.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Will you just, be nice? This is my
dialog: family. And I’m going to need
dialog: their help if my company’s going to
dialog: get bigger. Okay?
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Bigger?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Yeah! This isn’t some rinky-dink
dialog: operation anymore. I’ve got plans!
dialog: Big plans! A vision...of a world
dialog: filled with Thneeds! It’s gonna be
dialog: huge!
text: The Lorax looks the Once-ler right in the eyes.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Which way does a tree fall?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Uh...down?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 66.
speaker_heading: LORAX
text: A tree falls the way it leans.
dialog: Be careful which way you lean.
text: The Lorax gives the Once-ler a sad look, then turns away.
text: The Once-ler watches him go. Then rolls his eyes.
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER’S COTTAGE - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler sits at his desk excitedly working on designs
dialog: for a new factory.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: I mean look at this. It’s amazing.
dialog: I am so proud of me.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: Oncie, we've got us a little
dialog: problem.
text: The Once-ler looks over and sees his Mom standing outside his
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Problem?
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: Mm-hm. See, we’re not making
dialog: Thneeds fast enough.
text: Uncle Ubb walks by, pushing a large cart full of harvested
text: Truffula tufts.
speaker_heading: UNCLE UBB
text: Harvesting the tufts takes too
dialog: long.
text: Once-ler looks out the window and sees Brett slowly pick a
text: tuft with mechanical gloves at the end of long lazy tongs.
text: Then he hands it to Chet who walks all the way over to the
text: cart. It’s clearly the least efficient way to work.
text: The Once-ler turns to his Mom.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Well what else can we do?
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: Well...and this just came to
dialog: me...we could always start chopping
text: down the trees.
text: Once-ler bolts upright.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 67.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: What?
text: Uncle Ubb walks by pushing the now empty cart.
speaker_heading: UNCLE UBB
dialog: Woo! Now you’re thinking! That
dialog: would speed things up.
text: The Once-ler reacts to this, unsure.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: But--
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: No buts, Oncie. You’re running a
dialog: business now. You have to do
dialog: what’s best for the company. And
dialog: your Momma.
text: The Once-ler looks deep in thought. It’s moment of truth
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Well, I guess it couldn’t hurt to
text: chop down a few trees.
text: The Once-ler’s Mom hugs him through the window.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: You've made me so proud, Oncie.
dialog: Come here!
speaker_heading: UNCLE UBB
dialog: Hey, I love this guy!
text: Brett and Chet pick up axes and run off.
scene_heading: EXT: TRUFFULA VALLEY - PAST - DAY
text: The Lorax plays with the Baby Animals having them balance on
text: each other when he hears something. He listens closely to
dialog: make out what it is.
text: Brett and Chet running through the valley WIELDING AXES, with
text: big crazy smiles on their faces. The stack of Baby Animals
text: topples over.
text: Brett and Chet begin CHOPPING down trees. The Lorax sees
text: this and tries to stop them. But it’s no use.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 68.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: No, no, no! Stop it! Please stop!
dialog: Whoa, whoa!
speaker_heading: BRETT AND CHET
dialog: Take that you stupid tree! BOOM!
text: The Lorax sees Brett and Chet going at the trees. Storms
text: toward the Once-ler’s cottage.
text: He’s almost to the door when suddenly Great-Aunt Grizelda
text: appears, stopping him with a pitchfork.
scene_heading: GREAT-AUNT GRIZELDA
dialog: Where do you think you’re going?
text: She scoops him up with the pitchfork and grabs him by the
text: scruff of the neck.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Excuse me, sir, I need to talk with
dialog: your boss.
text: The Once-ler closes the flap of his tent.
scene_heading: GREAT-AUNT GRIZELDA
dialog: Oh, I’m sorry, but Mr. Once-ler’s
text: not seeing anyone right now.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Yeah, well, he’ll see me, so--Hey!
dialog: Keep your paws off me!
scene_heading: GREAT-AUNT GRIZELDA
dialog: Give me a reason, shortie!
text: The Lorax sees the Once-ler watching from his window.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Hey! You broke your promise!
text: VHHIIPPP. The Once-ler closes his shade. The Lorax reacts,
text: getting a heart-breakingly sad look on his face. Calls out
dialog: to the Once-ler.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: You're better than this! You gotta
dialog: stop! This is bad!
text: Great-Aunt Grizelda wraps the Lorax up in a Thneed. Swings
text: him around like a slingshot, then sends him flying.
scene_heading: GREAT-AUNT GRIZELDA
dialog: Have a nice day!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 69.
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER'S COTTAGE - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler sits in front of a MIRROR with his guitar.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Bad? I’m not bad. I’m the good
dialog: guy here! He just doesn’t get it.
dialog: Do you think I’m bad?
text: Bill is perched on the end of his guitar. He HONKS.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you! I mean something good
dialog: finally happens to me, and he just
dialog: has to come along and rain on my
dialog: parade? What’s his problem?
text: Bill HONKS.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: See?!
text: The Once-ler strums his guitar. Shaking his head. That
dialog: Lorax is crazy.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: (rolling his eyes)
dialog: Yeah “bad,” right.
text: The Once-ler strums his guitar again and walks towards the
text: door. Bill HONKS.
scene_heading: EXT: TRUFFULA VALLEY - PAST - CONTINUOUS
text: The Once-ler opens the door revealing the beatific landscape
text: in front of him, complete with a rainbow.
text: SONG: “HOW BAD CAN I BE?”
text: The Once-ler leads a group of animals into the valley with
text: his guitar. All of the animals dance along with the Once-
dialog: ler.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: How bad can I be?
dialog: I'm just doin' what comes naturally
dialog: How bad can I be?
dialog: I'm just followin' my destiny
text: Lou imitates the Once-ler and shakes his butt along to the
dialog: music.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 70.
text: The Once-ler walks down a dirt path with the animals
text: following behind him. Great Aunt Grizelda and the rest of
text: the family enter into the frame, sweeping the animals away.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: How bad can I be?
dialog: I'm just doin' what comes naturally
dialog: How bad can I be?
dialog: How bad can I possibly be?
scene_heading: INT: VOID - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler slips on his green gloves, puts on his green
text: suit, a bigger green hat, and a pair of sunglasses.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Well, there's a principle in nature
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: Principle in nature
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: That almost every creature knows
dialog: Called survival of the fittest
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: Survival of the fittest
text: The Once-ler grabs a guitar and starts playing in the
text: spotlight. Behind him, the Lorax is in another spotlight.
text: He marches toward the Once-ler to confront him, when a trap
text: door opens underneath him and he disappears down it.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: And check it, this is how it goes:
dialog: The animal that wins got to scratch
text: and fight and claw and bite and
dialog: punch,
dialog: And the animal that doesn't
dialog: Well, the animal that doesn't
text: The Lorax falls down into a cauldron on a table. The Once-
text: ler's family pops up holding forks and knives. The Once-ler
text: grinds pepper onto the Lorax’s head. The Lorax bounces away
text: offscreen in the cauldron.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Winds up someone else's
dialog: La-la-la-la lunch!
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: Munch munch munch munch munch!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 71.
scene_heading: EXT: TRUFFULA VALLEY - PAST —- DUSK
text: The Once-ler marches down the street playing his guitar with
text: his family twirling axes behind him like batons. They throw
text: the axes high up into the air.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: I'm just sayin’
dialog: How bad can I be?
dialog: I'm just doin' what comes naturally
text: The axes fall down near the Lorax who dodges and weaves to
text: avoid them. The Lorax stops and hold his hand up to say
dialog: stop.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: How bad can I be?
dialog: I'm just followin' my destiny
text: Then an Axe Hacker drives toward the Lorax and chases him off
text: screen. The Axe Hacker chops down trees in it’s path. The
text: biggered factory rises up from behind it.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: How bad can I be?
dialog: I'm just doin' what comes naturally
dialog: How bad can I be?
dialog: How bad can I possibly be?
text: Great Aunt Grizelda rides a profit arrow up into the sky.
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: Ahhh!
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER'S OFFICE - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler now has an AMAZING OFFICE. He presents a chart
dialog: of rising profits to his family.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: There's a principle in business
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: Principle in business
scene_heading: INT: THNEED FACTORY - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler rides on the conveyor belt that takes the
text: Truffula tufts into the factory and converts them into
dialog: Thneeds.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 72.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: That everybody knows is sound
dialog: It says the people with the money
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: The people with the money
text: The Once-ler walks on a large gear and the Lorax tries to run
text: up the other side to catch up with him.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Make this ever-loving world go
dialog: round
text: Just then, a girder swings into the Lorax and the Once-ler
text: hops onto it.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: So I'm biggering my company
dialog: And biggering my factory
dialog: Biggering my corporate sign!
text: As they swing on the girder through the air, the FACTORY
text: grows up around them. The old “THNEEDS” SIGN is replaced
text: with a much bigger one.
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: Bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger!
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Everybody out there, you take care
dialog: of yours
text: The Lorax slips off the girder and falls down into the Once-
text: ler’s arms.
scene_heading: INT: VOID - PAST - CONTINUOUS
text: Many Once-lers pop up from the ground surrounding the Lorax.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: I'll take care of
dialog: Mine mine mine mine mine
text: Great-Aunt Grizelda pops into frame, singing with an
text: incredibly low voice.
scene_heading: GREAT AUNT GRIZELDA
dialog: Shake that bottom line!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 73.
scene_heading: EXT: FACTORY - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler operates levers that cause the factory
text: SMOKESTACKS spew smog into the air, making flying Swomee-
text: Swans cough.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Let me hear you say Smogulous
dialog: Smoke!
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: Smogulous Smoke!
scene_heading: EXT: POND - PAST - DAY
text: A MASSIVE PIPE spews SCHLOPPITY-SCHLOPP into a Humming-Fish
dialog: pond.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Schloppity Schlopp!
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: Schloppity Schlopp!
text: Feathers drops down from above onto the fish, so they look
text: like they’ve been tar and fathered.
text: The Once-ler reaches down and takes a piece of fruit froma
text: Bar-Ba-Loot and eats it.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Complain all you want, it’s never
dialog: ever ever gonna stop!
text: The Family's large heads pop up from behind a mountain and
text: sing, knocking the animals out of frame.
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: Sto-o-o-o-p!
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER’S OFFICE - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler walks down the long circular stairs from his
text: desk to the floor in his office. Piles of money rise up from
text: the floor into the air around him.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Come on!
dialog: How bad can I possibly be?
scene_heading: ONCE-LER & FAMILY
dialog: How bad can I be?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 74.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: I'm just building the economy!
scene_heading: ONCE-LER & FAMILY
dialog: How bad can I be?
scene_heading: INT: VOID - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler pulls on Pipsqueak’s cheeks.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Just look at me petting this puppy!
text: Pipsqueak falls to the ground.
text: Paparazzi show up and take pictures of the Once-ler as he
text: drops a PENNY in a TIN CAN marked “Charity” held by an OLD
speaker_heading: MAN.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER & FAMILY
dialog: How bad can I be?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: A portion of proceeds go to
dialog: charity!
text: The Old Man removes a fake beard and we see it’s actually
dialog: Uncle Ubb.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER & FAMILY
dialog: How bad can I be?
text: A limousine drives through frame and the Once-ler drops the
text: Lorax into the trunk and slams the door. It drives off.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: How bad could I possibly be?
dialog: Let's see!
text: People wearing Thneeds in different configurations move past
text: camera.
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: How bad can we be?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: All the customers are buying!
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: How bad can we be?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: And the money's multiplying!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 75.
scene_heading: EXT: THNEEDS, INC. - PAST - NIGHT
text: The Lorax holds up his hand to the Once-ler and gestures to
text: the sickly, hungry animals. The Once-ler walks off as the
text: Lorax grabs his coattails to try to pull him back.
text: The Lorax is stopped by a CAMERAMAN, while someone off screen
text: tosses him a Thneed. FLASH!
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: How bad can we be?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: And the PR people are lying!
scene_heading: EXT: THNEEDVILLE - PAST - DAY
text: A billboard shows the Lorax holding a Thneed: “Lorax-
dialog: approved.”
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER'S OFFICE - PAST - DAY
text: A huge version of the Once-ler rises up from the ground in
text: front of the factory, looming over the valley.
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: How bad can we be?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: And the lawyers are denying!
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: How bad can we be?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Who cares if a few trees are dying?
text: An army of AXE-HACKERS chop down trees left and right. It’s
text: a nightmarish scene, like Hitler invading Poland.
speaker_heading: FAMILY
dialog: How bad can we be?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: This is all so gratifying!
dialog: HOW BAD?
text: HOW BAD CAN THIS POSSIBLY BE?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 76.
scene_heading: EXT: THNEEDS, INC. - PAST - DAY
text: Establishing. Now we see a fully mechanized factory working
text: at full capacity. Smoke bellows from smokestacks as giant
text: mechanical arms load Truffula Trees onto a conveyor belt
text: leading into the monstrous factory.
text: A group of pollution-covered animals sit around a pond of
dialog: Gluppity-Glupp. One miserable Humming-Fish looks
text: traumatized.
text: In the background, an Axe Hacker continues to chop down more
dialog: trees.
scene_heading: INT: THNEEDS, INC. - PAST - DAY
text: The busy Once-ler, completely transformed into a big
text: businessman, walks down the halls of Thneeds, Inc. past a
text: large ticker showing the amount of Thneeds sold, “5,268,902.”
text: Underneath it is a large poster of the Once-ler with the
dialog: words, “Too big too fail” written on it.
text: Brett and Chet hold the doors open as he hangs up and enters
text: his office. The doors close behind him.
scene_heading: INT: ONCE-LER’S OFFICE - PAST - CONTINUOUS
text: The Once-ler sits down at his desk. Looks over plans for
dialog: Thneedville.
text: Behind him, we can see the Lorax sitting on his balcony.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: So how are things?
text: The Once-ler turns to see the Lorax.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: What are you doing here?!
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Happy yet? You fill that hole deep
dialog: down inside you? Or do you still
dialog: need more?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Look, if you’ve got a problem with
dialog: what I’m doing, why haven’t you
dialog: used your quote, unquote “powers”
dialog: to stop me?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 77.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: I told you. That’s not how it
dialog: works.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Right, I forgot, you’re a fraud. I
dialog: need you to get out. Now.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Why? Do I make you uncomfortable?
dialog: Remind you of the promises you
dialog: made? The man you used to be?
text: The Once-ler confronts the Lorax angrily, backing him down
text: his balcony steps that lead back down to the ground.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: You know what? You can just shut
dialog: your mustache! My conscience is
dialog: clear. I have done nothing
dialog: illegal. I have my rights, and I
dialog: intend to keep on biggering and
text: biggering and turning more Truffula
text: trees into Thneeds.
text: The Lorax falls backwards and hits the ground.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: And nothing is going to stop me!
text: Just then, in the distance, we hear a THWACK! The Once-ler
text: and Lorax both look...and see the VERY LAST TRUFFULA TREE
text: chopped down by a Super Axe-Hacker.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: Well, that’s it. The very last
dialog: one.
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: That may stop you.
text: The Once-ler stares out into the valley. All that can be
text: seen for miles and miles is stumps. The Truffula trees are
dialog: all gone.
scene_heading: EXT: TOWN SQUARE - PAST - DAY
text: TWO WORKERS remove the Thneed ad from a billboard. One of
text: the workers looks up at the image of the Thneed.
speaker_heading: TALL WORKER
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Somebody sure made a bundle on that
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 78.
speaker_heading: TALL WORKER (CONT'D)
dialog: Wonder what the next million-dollar
dialog: invention’s gonna be?
text: The Tall Worker fans the smoggy air away from his face,
text: coughing. Then the Short Worker turns around and we see that
dialog: it is--
text: A YOUNG ALOYSIUS O'HARE. He watches his partner fanning the
text: smog away from his face, still coughing. Looks up at the
text: billboard, wheels turning.
speaker_heading: YOUNG O’HARE
dialog: Yeah. I wonder.
scene_heading: EXT: THNEEDS, INC. - PAST - DAY
text: The Once-ler stands in front of his family’s RV. His mother
text: shakes her head disapprovingly.
scene_heading: ONCE-LER’S MOM
dialog: Son, you have let me down. Brett,
dialog: you are now my favorite child.
text: VROOM! The RV speeds away.
text: The Once-ler watches it go, his completely deserted factory
text: behind him. He stands there all alone. And then he sees
text: something approaching in the distance.
text: It’s the Lorax, leading a massive crowd of animals. The Once-
text: ler holds up his hands as they approach.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Hey, look, I don’t want any
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: And you won’t get any. Not from
dialog: them. Thanks to you and your
text: hacking and smogging and glupping,
dialog: they can’t live here anymore. So
dialog: I’m sending them off. Hopefully
dialog: they'll be able to find a better
dialog: place out there somewhere.
text: He gives the Once-ler a pointed look. The animals continue
text: their march, heading for the horizon. The Once-ler then sees
text: Melvin leaving with all of the animals. His face falls.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Melvin? Melvin!
text: The mule looks back, shaking his head in disappointment.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 79.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Pipsqueak.
text: Pipsqueak turns back to the Once-ler who offers him a
text: marshmallow.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey.
text: He shakes his head in disappointment and walks off with the
text: rest of the animals.
text: Once the animals are gone, it’s just the Lorax and the Once-
text: ler. The Lorax stands on a pile of rocks.
text: The Once-ler takes off his biggered hat in shame.
text: Then pulls himself up by the seat of his pants and magically
text: floats up through the air.
text: The Once-ler watches, amazed.
text: The Lorax then disappears through a hole in the smog.
dialog: The Once-ler is stunned. Who was this guy? What have I
text: done? He looks down at the pile of rocks.
text: We now see that the pile of rocks has the word “UNLESS”
text: carved into one.
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM - PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted stares down at the word “UNLESS” in the rocks.
text: Ted looks up at the window, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: So this is really all your fault.
dialog: You destroyed everything.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Yes. And each day since the Lorax
dialog: left I’ve sat here regretting
dialog: everything I’ve done. Staring at
dialog: that word--"unless”"--and wondering
dialog: what it meant.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But now I’m thinking...well, maybe
dialog: you're the reason the Lorax left
dialog: that word there.
text: Ted looks up, stunned.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 80.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Me? Why would he leave that for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: Because unless someone like you
dialog: cares a whole awful lot, nothing is
dialog: going to get better. It’s not.
text: The Once-ler disappears from view and we hear him furiously
text: rummaging around the Lerkim. Finally his arms reappear in
text: the window. He tosses something down to Ted.
text: Ted catches it. It’s a SEED. Ted stares at it.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
text: The last Truffula Seed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You need to plant it, Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah, but nobody cares about trees
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Then make them care. Plant the
text: seed in the middle of town, where
dialog: everyone can see. Change the way
dialog: things are.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know it may seem small and
dialog: insignificant, but it’s not about
dialog: what it is...it’s about what it can
dialog: become. That’s not just a seed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Any more than you're just a boy.
text: Ted looks up at the Once-ler, deep in thought. Gets a
text: determined look. His fist closes around the seed.
text: Ted nods. Then walks over to his scooter and starts it up.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: I won’t let you down.
text: Ted drives off toward Thneedville. The Once-ler’s eyes watch
text: him go. For the first time shining with the hope they had
dialog: when he was young.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER (0.S.)
dialog: I know.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 81.
scene_heading: EXT: THNEEDVILLE STREETS - PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted peers out from under a manhole cover. He spots the
text: Robotic Cat surveying the area and throws his scooter helmet
text: at him, knocking him out.
speaker_heading: ROBOTIC CAT
dialog: Meow. Meow. Meow.
text: Ted revs his scooter and drives right over the Robotic Cat,
text: smashing it to pieces.
speaker_heading: ROBOTIC CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Meooocoooow...
text: Thinking he’s alone, he takes out the seed to make sure it’s
text: okay. In the background, we see the Robotic Cat’s eyes turn
dialog: on and record him holding the seed.
scene_heading: EXT: STREET - PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted stops his scooter in front of Audrey’s house. HONKS his
dialog: horn.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey, Audrey! Audreeeeeey!
text: Audrey opens up the door, covered with paint and holding a
scene_heading: PAINTBRUSH.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Ted? What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Meet me at my house!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Wait, but--
text: And he takes off.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: My house! Okay?!
text: Audrey watches him go, confused.
scene_heading: INT: TED'S BEDROOM - PRESENT - DAY
text: Ted crawls inside. Rushes over to his desk. Sets the seed
text: on it and begins searching around his room, talking to
dialog: himself.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 82.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Gotta plant the seed. Gotta plant
dialog: the seed. Okay, we’re going to
dialog: need...uh... water...
text: Ted grabs a large water bottle and sets it on the desk and
text: looks around the room.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: And...uh...something to dig with...
dialog: um... What do I have? What do I
dialog: have?
speaker_heading: TED'S MOM (0.S.)
dialog: Ted!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mom. I’m busy, Mom!
speaker_heading: TED'S MOM (0.S.)
dialog: Theodore Wiggins! Get down here
dialog: right now and I am not kidding with
dialog: you!
text: Ted grimaces and exits his room, SLAMMING the door behind
text: him. KA-LUNK! The slamming door causes the water bottle to
text: tip over and water begins DRIPPING on the seed.
scene_heading: INT: FAMILY ROOM - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ted makes his way down the stairs. Gets to the bottom and
dialog: turns, seeing--
text: Aloysius O’Hare and his men standing there. With his mother.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Ted, I’d like you to meet Mr.
dialog: O’Hare--the most powerful man in
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: There he is. Hello, Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Uh...-hi.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Isn‘t he clever, Mr. O'Hare?
dialog: (forces Ted to shake hands
dialog: with O'Hare)
dialog: He knows his own name and
dialog: everything.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 83.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: (to Ted’s Mom)
dialog: You know what I would love right
dialog: now, Mrs. Wiggins? A delicious
dialog: cookie.
speaker_heading: TED'S MOM
dialog: Uh...
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Wonderful. Teddy and I‘1ll stay
dialog: here and talk.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Sure. Why don’t you go ahead and
dialog: adopt him?!
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: I’m just kidding. That was a joke.
text: She walks towards the kitchen.
speaker_heading: TED’'S MOM (CONT’D)
dialog: I was joking, because you know, I
dialog: just--I'1l get your cookie.
text: She gives Ted a look. “Be good!” Then leaves the room,
text: escorted by O’Hare’s men. O’Hare turns to Ted.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: I know you have it, Ted.
dialog: So let’s put an end to this
dialog: nonsense, shall we? Hand it over.
text: O'Hare holds out his hand for the seed.
text: It’s moment of truth time for Ted. He looks O’Hare in the
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I’m sorry. I don’t know what
dialog: you're talking about.
text: O'Hare frowns.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Really? Well, then I guess you
dialog: wouldn’t mind us checking your
dialog: room.
text: Ted’s face falls.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No-no-no-no!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 84.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Mooney! McGurk! Find the seed!
text: O’Hare’s men return and head upstairs.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No, no! You can’t go up there!
text: Ted tries to push them back down with all his might.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: No, guys, this is ridiculous!
dialog: Stop! Hey, ah!
text: O'Hare is behind them, pushing them up with all of his might.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: No you can’t come in my room!
text: Despite his best efforts, they back Ted up the stairs and to
text: his door.
scene_heading: INT: TED’S BEDROOM - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Mooney and McGurk knock the door down and burst into the room
dialog: with O'Hare.
text: Ted watches as O’Hare’s men turn the place upside down. He
text: looks nervously at his desk and sees--
text: THE SEED IS GONE. No longer on the desk where he left it.
text: He looks around, confused.
text: They dig through drawers, empty his closet, turn over his
dialog: bed, etc. But, of course, don’t find the seed.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Find it!
text: Ted’s Mom enters the room with a plate of cookies. Sees
text: O’Hare threatening Ted.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: What? What is going on here?!
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: This doesn’t involve you. Get back
text: downstairs.
text: This does not sit well with her.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 85.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Excuse me down there?!
dialog: (points)
dialog: I don’t care who you are you little
dialog: crazy baby man! Get out of my
dialog: house! Now! This is outrageous!
text: O'Hare stares back at Ted’s Mom. It’s a stand-off. Finally,
text: he lets go of Ted.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Fine. Sorry. Must’ve been a
dialog: misunderstanding. We’1ll be leaving
dialog: now.
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: And my apologies, Ted.
text: (gives him a threatening
dialog: look)
dialog: You be safe.
text: Ted gulps at this threat. O’Hare heads for the
text: grabs the plate with the cookie on the way out.
text: Ted and his mom listen for the front door slam.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: What? Mind telling me what’s going
dialog: on here?
text: Ted begins furiously searching his desk for the
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The seed! Where is it?!
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Seed?
text: And then Ted finds Grammy’s cane under his desk
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Where’s Grammy?!
dialog: door and
dialog: seed.
text: He smiles.
text: He takes off running out of the room. His mom follows him.
scene_heading: INT: FAMILY ROOM - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ted and his mom arrive to find Grammy Norma standing in the
text: family room holding the seed, which now has a tiny sprout,
text: and admiring it, mesmerized.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
text: It’s alive.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 86.
text: She whispers to the seed.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA (CONT’D)
dialog: I remember you.
text: Ted and his mom join Grammy, caught up in the wonder of the
text: spouting seed. Clearly moved by it.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Ted, what--
dialog: (gasps )
text: DING-DONG! DING-DONG! It’s the doorbell. Ted runs and
text: opens it, revealing Audrey. Smiles upon seeing her.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Audrey.
text: With the door open, Ted can see the O’Hare Air truck parked
text: right across the street. His face falls.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Hey, did you want to--
text: He quickly pulls Audrey inside and closes the door.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, okay!
text: Ted closes the door and shuts the curtains.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ted, what is this about?
text: Ted holds up the seed for Audrey.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It’s about this.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Wait, wait, wait-- Is that?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yes. The last Truffula seed. And
dialog: you're going to help me plant it
text: right in the middle of town. Where
text: everyone can see it.
text: Audrey looks at Ted, impressed with his take-charge attitude.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I could just kiss you right now.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 87.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: We don’t have time for that!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I don’t know, we have a little
dialog: time...
dialog: (feeling awkward)
dialog: But, you know what? Let’s just go!
dialog: Let’s go. Forget about it.
scene_heading: EXT: STREET - PRESENT - DAY
text: Mooney sits in an O’Hare Air truck reading a newspaper.
text: Across the street, the garage door opens and Ted’s Mom pulls
text: out into the street and peels out. She flies right by the
text: O'Hare Air truck and Mooney sees Ted in the passenger’s seat.
text: Mooney quickly takes off after her.
scene_heading: INT: TED’'S MOM’S CAR - PRESENT - SAME
text: Ted’s Mom drives like crazy, in and out of traffic loving
text: that she is taking Mooney for a ride.
scene_heading: EXT: STREET - PRESENT - SAME
text: She drives her small car in between two rows of traffic
text: that’s too small for the truck. Mooney engages the truck’s
text: nitros, which blasts him through traffic like a rocket,
text: knocking the other cars off the road.
text: Ted’s Mom sees the truck gaining on her in the rear view
dialog: mirror.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Oh! Here it comes!
text: The truck bumps her car from behind. She sees a street up
text: ahead that’s blocked off by traffic cones.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM (CONT’D)
dialog: Whoa! I’m going for it!
text: She makes a quick turn down the street. She looks back to
text: see the O’Hare Air truck is still following her. Then turns
text: back around to find the road ahead is out.
text: She SCREAMS and slams on the brakes, stopping just short of
text: the edge.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 88.
text: Mooney jumps out and flings open the passenger door. He sees
text: a FAKE TED MADE OF AN O’HARE AIR BOTTLE.
speaker_heading: TED’'S MOM (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh, hello...
text: Ted’s Mom LAUGHS at him.
text: Mooney GROWLS IN FRUSTRATION.
scene_heading: EXT: STREET - PRESENT - SAME
text: Ted, Audrey and Grammy race through the neighborhood on Ted’s
text: scooter (Audrey holding on to Ted and Grammy Norma in the
text: back). Audrey sees the shadow of O’Hare’s blimp rising over
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Ted, Ted! Big scary blimp coming!
text: Ted sees the blimp catching up to them.
text: O'Hare LAUGHS as he locks a strap around his waist. McGurk
text: fires up a rocket pack helmet and dives off the blimp towards
text: Ted's scooter. We reveal O’Hare strapped to his chest like a
text: baby bjorn. He holds a bull horn in his hands.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: You won’t get away with this, boy!
dialog: Bam!
text: O'Hare and McGurk weave in and out of traffic past the fun
text: cars we saw in Thneedville. They get stuck behind a Man
text: riding a very tall scooter. O’Hare calls to him on the
text: megaphone.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Go faster, you idiot!
text: McGurk slaps the Man out of the way as they take off after
dialog: Ted.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Step on it, Ted!
text: Ted makes a hard turn. Mooney drives out of a tunnel towards
text: them and Ted makes an evasive maneuver around the tunnel
text: wall, narrowly avoiding him.
text: McGurk and O'Hare turn the corner, heading towards Mooney’s
dialog: truck.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 89.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Whaaa!
text: SLAM! McGurk and O'Hare slam into Mooney’s windshield and
text: slide off like squashed bugs.
speaker_heading: MOONEY
dialog: Oooh...
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: (squashed against the
dialog: windshield)
dialog: You're fired!
text: Grammy Norma LAUGHS as she think they’ve escaped, but O’Hare
text: gets up and takes chase on foot.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Whoa, Ted, look out!
text: Ted turns back around and sees he’s gone off the road. And
text: is heading right towards an OPEN ELEVATOR leading to the KITE
speaker_heading: PARK.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Whoa!
text: People in the elevator SCREAM. SCREEECH! Ted slams on the
text: brakes. The scooter spins and comes to a gentle stop inside
text: the elevator next to a LITTLE BOY holding a kite.
text: They look outside the elevator and see O’Hare and his goons
text: running toward them.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Ted...
text: Ted, panicking, presses the “CLOSE DOORS” button repeatedly.
text: O'Hare and his goons are getting closer.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Nobody beats--!
text: The doors close just in the nick of time. DING.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dammit!
scene_heading: INT: ELEVATOR - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Everyone on the elevator stars awkwardly at Ted, Audrey, and
dialog: Grammy Norma.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 90.
scene_heading: EXT: KITE PARK - PRESENT -— CONTINUOUS
text: DING! The elevator doors open, and they speed out into the
text: Kite Park, which is at the top of Thneedville’s tallest
dialog: building.
text: Ted weaves in and out of the KIDS flying kites powered by
text: GIANT FANS. They stop at the edge of the building.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Not good! How's it doing?
text: Audrey looks down at the seed and O’Hare spots it from down
text: in the street with his binoculars. McGurk gives him a gun
text: that shoots metal pinchers. He fires it at Audrey, but
text: misses the seed and grabs onto one of the giant fans behind
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: (laughs )
dialog: Loser!
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Oh, really?
text: O'Hare tugs the line redirecting the fan toward them.
text: WHOOOOOSH! The power of the fans BLOWS the seed right out of
dialog: Audrey’s hand!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh no. The seed!
text: The three of them watch helplessly as the seed flies up in
dialog: the air.
text: From the ground, O’Hare spies it with his binoculars.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: (to his goons)
dialog: Get that seed!
text: McGurk goes after it on his scooter as O’Hare hops in the
text: sidecar.
text: Up above, Ted sees this and revs up his scooter.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hang on! Here we go!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 91.
text: He rides off the edge of the roof, landing in the snow of the
text: ski slope below. SWOOOSH! Grammy falls off.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Grammy!
text: Grammy Norma pushes a GUY off his snowboard and borrows it to
text: catch up with Ted’s scooter.
text: She gets her legs and starts to have fun.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, wow! Seriously?! How cool is
dialog: your Gramma?!
text: She blows a kiss to a SKIER, who does a double take, not
text: watching where he’s going. The Skier slams right into a fake
dialog: fir tree.
text: Ted watches as the seed continues falling past the ski slopes
text: toward the ground.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No!
text: Grammy Norma pulls to a stop at the bottom and Ted catches up
text: with her.
speaker_heading: TED (CONT'D)
dialog: Cc’mon!
scene_heading: EXT: STREET - PRESENT - SAME
text: Down below in the street, O’Hare spots it with his
text: binoculars.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: There it is!
text: The seed floats down and lands right inside the empty air
dialog: bottle.
text: The O’Hare Delivery Man goes to pick up the bottle, but sees
text: O’Hare’s trucks coming right at him and runs away.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, hey, hey! Watch the road, you
dialog: meathead!
text: Still looking through the binoculars while driving, Mooney
text: accidentally crashes his truck into the building.
text: And all of the EMPTY AIR BOTTLES in the back spill out!
dialog: 
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 92.
text: There must be hundreds of them. They all begin ROLLING down
text: the hilly street, sweeping the bottle with the seed in it up
text: with them. It’s an awesome sight as they all roll and bounce
text: down the hill. The bottles smack O’Hare in the face and the
text: one with the seed bounces by before he can grab it.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, ow-ow-ow! Oh! C’mon!
text: McGurk turns the scooter around and goes after it.
text: Just then, Ted’s scooter approaches at the bottom of the
dialog: hill.
text: O'Hare catches up to the bottle with the seed and grabs it,
text: LAUGHING in victory. But his hand gets stuck and he can’t
dialog: reach the seed.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: What the--?!
text: He holds out his arm to Mooney in the other truck.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Get it unstuck! Get it unstuck!
text: Ted drives toward him playing chicken.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bring it on, Teddy! You don’t have
dialog: the guts!
text: Grammy SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Ted!
text: At the last second, Ted leans the scooter over and skids
text: underneath O’Hare and the bottle. It goes into slo-mo.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (in slo-mo)
dialog: Grammy!
text: Grammy hooks the bottle with her cane and yanks it away from
dialog: O'Hare.
text: Ted rights the bike and the scene goes back to normal speed.
scene_heading: TED & AUDREY & GRAMMY
dialog: Yeah! Yes! Wahoo!
text: McGurk is distracted and they head right toward the two
text: Marketing Guys sharing a milkshake at an outdoor cafe.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 93.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Hey, hey, hey!
scene_heading: MARKETING GUYS
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: Hey, it’s Mr. O--!
text: SMASH! Ted speeds away.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Take that shorty!
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Ted drives up onto the curb and screeches to a halt right in
text: the center of town by the STATUE OF O’HARE. Ted, Audrey and
text: Grammy Norma quickly get off the scooter. Grammy Norma hits
text: her cane against the ground, but it’s paved over.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Okay, we have to get this in the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: But where? There’s no dirt
dialog: anywhere!
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Ooh!
text: Grammy Norma smiles and scampers over to the BULLDOZER parked
text: by the “COMING SOON! ANOTHER PARKING LOT!” construction
text: site. Climbs into the cab.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No, um, Grammy...
text: BA-RUUUUMMMBLE! She fires up the bulldozer and starts
text: pulling levers. The bulldozer growls like a dinosaur and
text: immediately begins spinning out of control. VRRRRUUUUMBL!
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: Whoopsy!
text: She pulls another lever and the bulldozer arm swings around
text: and severs the head off the O’HARE STATUE. The head falls to
text: the ground, cracking open the pavement and revealing--
text: A PATCH OF DIRT.
text: The bulldozer stops. Grammy Norma climbs down to join them.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 94,
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA (CONT’D)
dialog: See? What’d I tell you? Easy.
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.
dialog: Hey!
text: Then they turn to find dozens of townspeople have gathered to
dialog: see what the commotion is.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They broke O’Hare’s head!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER WOMAN
dialog: What do you think you’re doing,
dialog: kid?
text: Ted stares at the crowd. Busted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Um...I’m...I’m looking for a place
dialog: to plant a tree. A real one.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Why would we need a tree?
speaker_heading: O'HARE (0.S.)
dialog: Exactly.
text: Everyone turns and sees O’Hare leaning on his broken statue’s
text: head. All eyes are on him. Ted cringes.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Oh, man.
text: O'Hare addresses people in the crowd individually like a
dialog: politician.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Folks, the last thing you want
dialog: around here is trees. They’re
text: filthy, spewing that sticky, nasty
text: sap all over the place.
dialog: (to Marie)
text: They bring poisonous ants and
dialog: stinging bees.
text: He sticks his finger into Marie’s ice cream cone. Then licks
dialog: it off.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Hey!
dialog: Dr.
text: The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 95.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Ouch.
dialog: (to the Marie’s Mom)
dialog: Think about the kids.
text: Marie runs to her Mom, scared.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to a Maintenance Worker)
dialog: And... I just thought of, you know,
dialog: they make leaves! I mean, you know
dialog: that right?! And these leaves they
text: just fall. They just fall where
dialog: ever they want.
text: The Crowd GASPS. A MAN in the Crowd faints.
text: The crowd murmurs, concerned. The tide is definitely against
dialog: Ted.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: Oh COME ON! We know why you’re
dialog: REALLY against trees! Because they
dialog: produce fresh air!
text: O'Hare frowns.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: For free!
text: The crowd starts murmuring at this.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: I am wounded! You have lied!
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: It is not a lie! It’s called
dialog: photosynthesis!
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Oh, come on! She's making that up!
dialog: That’s a made up word, people!
dialog: Thneedville is perfect just the way
dialog: it is. We don’t need trees!
dialog: (points accusingly at Ted)
dialog: That boy has a seed! We need to
dialog: stop him! Who’s with me? C’mon!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: O’Hare’s right!
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 96.
scene_heading: MARKETING GUY #2
dialog: Seeds will ruin us all!
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Stop it! Yeah! I’m afraid of
dialog: bees! Grab him!
text: O'Hare moves menacingly toward Ted, the crowd following him.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Last chance, kid. Hand it over.
text: Audrey turns to Ted. What do we do now? Ted gets an idea.
text: Quickly hops up onto the bulldozer.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Where do you think you’re going?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (to Grammy and Audrey)
dialog: C'mon, let’s go. Get in. Get in!
text: They join him in the bulldozer’s cab. He hands Audrey the
text: seed and puts the bulldozer in gear and drives away.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Stop that maniac!
text: Ted HONKS the HORN and O’Hare runs out of the way.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Excuse me! Excuse me! Watch out!
text: The bulldozer drives out of Town Square and O'Hare runs after
text: them. The crowd follows. Ted heads straight for the wall
text: surrounding the town.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Ted, you’re gonna hit the wall!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah, I know.
text: SMASH!!! The bulldozer connects with the wall.
text: Then...CRACK. A line appears in the wall. It grows...and
text: expands...until finally a huge section of it CRUMBLES to the
text: ground. Revealing the desolate landscape outside. Everyone
text: stares in stunned silence. O’Hare tries take the focus off
text: the landscape.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Wow! Did you see that? Who does
dialog: this kid think he is? Huh?
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 97.
text: Ted leaps onto the top of the bulldozer.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I am Ted Wiggins.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I speak for the trees.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And the fact is things aren’t
dialog: perfect here in Thneedville. And
dialog: they’re only going to get worse
dialog: unless we do something about it.
dialog: Unless we change our ways. And we
dialog: can start by planting this!
text: Ted holds up the seed. The crowd GASPS IN AWE as the little
text: sprout opens up, revealing the first signs of a tuft. O’Hare
text: grimaces. Addresses the crowd.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Okay, come on now, everything's
dialog: fine. Right? I say we tell this
dialog: kid what we think about that seed!
dialog: People, c’mon!
text: The crowd doesn’t know what to do. O’Hare pulls the Singing
text: Delivery Man aside.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: You! Get out there right now and
dialog: get these people on my side! Or
dialog: else you’re fired!
dialog: (so crowd can here)
dialog: Go on! Tell ‘em what you think!
scene_heading: SONG: “LET IT GROW”
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - PRESENT - CONTINUOUS
text: The Singing Delivery Man stares at all the people.
scene_heading: SINGING DELIVERY MAN
dialog: You don't know me, but my name's
dialog: cy,
dialog: I'm just the O'Hare Deliver Guy,
dialog: But it seems like trees might be
dialog: worth a try,
dialog: So I say let it grow
text: Ted and Audrey smile at this. O’Hare frowns. What? Then a
text: couple, DAN and ROSE, step forward, emboldened by the Singing
text: Delivery Man's words. They address the crowd.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 98.
speaker_heading: DAN
dialog: My name is Dan
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: And my name's Rose.
text: Standing next to them is their son, the Glowing Boy.
speaker_heading: DAN AND ROSE
text: Our son Wesley kind of glows.
dialog: And that's not good, so we suppose
dialog: We should let it grow!
text: Several members of the crowd nod, agreeing. Ted’s Mom
text: addresses the crowd.
speaker_heading: TED’S MOM
dialog: Let it grow
dialog: Let it grow
text: Ted looks up at his Mom, impressed by her amazing singing
dialog: voice.
scene_heading: TED'S MOM, SINGING DELIVERY MAN, AND
scene_heading: MAINTENANCE WORKERS
dialog: You can't reap what you don't sow.
dialog: Plant a seed inside the earth,
text: People from around the town hear them sing and walk over to
text: join the crowd.
scene_heading: TED'S MOM, SINGING DELIVERY MAN, AND
speaker_heading: MAINTENANCE WORKERS (CONT’D)
dialog: Just one way to know its worth,
dialog: Let's celebrate the world's rebirth-
dialog: We say let it grow!
text: The little girl, Marie, steps forward.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: My name's Marie, and I am three
dialog: I would really like to see a tree
text: The crowd reacts to her undeniable cuteness.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: Awwwwwww...
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: La la la la la la la la la la lee
dialog: I say let it grow
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 99.
text: Grammy Norma slides down from the bulldozer and addresses the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA
dialog: I'm Grammy Norma, I'm old, and I've
dialog: got gray hair
dialog: But I remember when trees were
dialog: everywhere
text: The crowd is moved by this. O’Hare can see he’s losing
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: GRAMMY NORMA (CONT’D)
dialog: And no one had to pay for air
text: (pokes O'Hare with her
dialog: cane)
dialog: So I say let it grow!
text: The whole crowd now joins in on the chorus. O’Hare can see
text: he’s losing ground. Ted leads everyone back down towards
dialog: town square.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Let it grow
dialog: Let it grow
dialog: Like it did so long ago!
dialog: It is just one tiny seed
dialog: But it’s all we really need
dialog: It's time to change the life we
dialog: lead
dialog: Time to let it grow!
text: Now O'Hare steps out of the middle of the crowd onto the top
text: of his severed statue’s head.
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: My name's O'Hare, I'm one of you,
dialog: I live here in Thneedville too.
dialog: The things you say just might be
dialog: true,
dialog: It could be time to start anew,
dialog: And maybe change my point of
dialog: view...
text: Everyone is touched by O’Hare’s willingness to change.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Naw! I say let it die!
text: O'Hare now tries to get everyone singing with him.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let it die
dialog: Let it die
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 100.
speaker_heading: O'HARE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let it shrivel up and...
dialog: (no one’s singing along)
dialog: Come on! Who’s with me? Huh?
text: The crowd just stares back at him. Even his own men look
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Nobody.
scene_heading: SINGING DELIVERY MAN
dialog: You greedy dirtbag!
text: Everyone surrounds O’Hare and points to him accusingly.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Let it grow
dialog: Let it grow
dialog: Let the love inside you show
text: Mooney slaps the rocket helmet to O’Hare’s head and sends him
text: flying off screen.
speaker_heading: CROWD (CONT'D)
dialog: Plant a seed inside the earth,
dialog: Just one way to know its worth,
dialog: Let's celebrate the world's rebirth--
dialog: We say let it grow!
speaker_heading: O'HARE
dialog: Nooooo00000 !
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Let it grow
dialog: Let it grow
dialog: You can't reap what you don't sow
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM - PRESENT - SAME
text: The Once-ler’s eyes appear in the boarded up window. He
text: looks toward Thneedville, trying to make out the faint music
text: he hears in the distance.
speaker_heading: TOWNSPEOPLE (0.S.)
dialog: It is just one tiny seed
dialog: But it’s all we really need
text: The Once-ler turns his ear to the window, but it’s still too
text: faint. He disappears back inside his Lerkim.
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 101.
scene_heading: INT: LERKIM - PRESENT - SAME
text: It’s hard to make out anything in the dark and shadowy room.
text: Then the Once-ler’s gloved hands appear, grabbing the handle
text: of a RUSTY OLD AXE next to the Great-Great-Great Grandfather
text: snail on his desk. We can barely make out the silhouette of
text: the Once-ler raising the axe over his head, then...
speaker_heading: TOWNSPEOPLE (0.S.)
dialog: It's time to banish all your greed
text: WHACK! He chops away at the boards covering his window.
text: WHACK! CRACK! The axe breaks through the boards and
text: sunlight shines into the room for the first time in years.
speaker_heading: TOWNSPEOPLE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Imagine Thneedville flowered and
dialog: treed!
text: Then, the Once-ler steps into the light and moves toward the
text: window. We see his face for the first time. Old and
text: wrinkled, with an enormous, Lorax-like moustache. The Old
text: Once-ler leans out of the window and listens. Far off in the
text: distance, he hears voices singing.
speaker_heading: TOWNSPEOPLE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Let this be our solemn creed!
text: The Once-ler’s sad old eyes slowly widen as he realizes what
text: he’s hearing. Tears begin to well up as he looks down at the
text: “Unless” stones below him, then back toward Thneedville. A
text: proud smile creeps across his face.
speaker_heading: ONCE-LER
dialog: Thank you, Ted.
scene_heading: EXT: TOWN SQUARE - PRESENT —- SAME
text: The crowd of people watch as Ted and Audrey prepare to plant
text: the little seed into the ground. Rocks surround the hole in
text: a protective circle (an echo of what the Lorax and animals
dialog: did earlier).
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: We say let it grow
dialog: (in Thneedville)
text: Audrey leans in and surprises Ted with a kiss on the cheek.
text: His eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: We say let it grow
dialog: (it's a brand new dawn)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Dr. Seuss' The Lorax 1-6-12 Final Locked Reels Conform 102.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE (CONT'D)
dialog: We say let it grow
dialog: (in Thneedville)
dialog: We say let it grow
dialog: It's a brand new dawn...
text: Grammy Norma walks over with a watering can as Ted plants the
text: seed. She waters it and the tree begins to grow towards
text: camera in time-lapse.
scene_heading: EXT: LERKIM —- PRESENT - DAY
text: Cross dissolve from the sapling in Town Square to one growing
text: in the desolate wasteland outside of the Lerkim.
text: The Old Once-ler steps outside with a watering can in hand.
text: He makes his way over to the UNLESS stones where some small
text: patches of grass are beginning to grow around the tiny
dialog: Truffula tree.
text: The Once-ler carefully sprinkles water on a few saplings and
text: smiles. Then, he hears a faint sound off in the distance.
text: The same sound he heard when the Lorax disappeared into the
dialog: sky years ago.
text: He looks up and sees the smoggy clouds beginning to part. A
text: ray of sunshine falls upon him and a SWOMEE-SWAN swoops down
text: from above. The amazed Once-ler watches the bird fly by then
text: turns to the UNLESS stones where he sees--
text: The Lorax. Floating back down to the stones. Smiling. The
text: Once-ler can’t contain himself and LAUGHS IN Joy.
speaker_heading: LORAX
dialog: You done good, beanpole. You done
dialog: good.
text: The Old Once-ler kneels down and gives him a hug.
speaker_heading: LORAX (CONT'D)
dialog: By the way, nice mustache.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: TITLE CARD: “Unless someone like you cares a whole awful
dialog: lot, nothing is going to get better. It’s not.” -- Dr. Seuss
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: CREDIT BEGIN:
dialog: 
