dialog: )
speaker_heading: THE LAST CASTLE
speaker_heading: THE CASTLE
dialog: by
dialog: David Scarpa
dialog: Rewrite by
dialog: Graham Yost
text: THIS MATERIAL IS THE PROPERTY OF DREAMWORKS PICTURES AND IS
text: INTENDED AND RESTRICTED SOLELY FOR DREAMWORKS PICTURES PERSONNEL.
scene_heading: DISTRIBUTION OR DISCLOSURE OF THIS MATERIAL TO UNAUTHORIZED PERSONS
text: IS PROHIBITED. THE SALE, DISPLAY, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS
text: MATERIAL FOR ANY REASON IN ANY FORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
text: DIGITAL OR NEW MEDIA, IS ALSO PROHIBITED
dialog: 8/21/2000 Robert Lawrence
dialog: Polish
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. USDB - DAWN 1
text: A lone JEEP drives the approach road to a massive military
text: facility, a hulking dark presence, set back behind a series
text: of fences. Lights are still on: glowing haloes of carbon-
text: arc yellow.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.)
dialog: The first castles were the walled
dialog: cities of Mesopotamia built over
dialog: 8,000 years ago. Castles haven’t
dialog: changed much down the centuries.
dialog: There have always been walls...
text: The camera glides over the face of the OUTER WALL of the
text: facility -- built a hundred years ago, it looks like it
dialog: could last ten thousand more.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: ...and gates...
text: The jeep slows at a fence gate, by a sign reading: CAC USDB,
dialog: Authorized Personnel Only.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.) (cont'd)
text: ...and men to guard them.
text: A SOLDIER steps out of the gate hut, sees the driver of the
text: jeep and salutes. The jeep rolls through.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: Castle walls have always held high
dialog: ground positions to fire from...
text: A GUNMAN stands in a GUNTOWER, high-powered rifle in his
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: ..-and places to run a flag.
text: The first orange light of the day reaches the roof of the
text: Administration Building. SOLDIERS in crisp, practiced moves,
text: unfold a FLAG, hook it to a line and pull it up a flagpole.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.) (cont'd)
dialog: The only difference between this
dialog: castle and the countless others built
dialog: over the last 8,000 years is that
dialog: they were built to keep people out.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - DAWN 2
text: Six floors of cells, INMATES at the doors.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.0.)
dialog: This castle was built to keep people
dialog: in.
text: A_horn sounds, the cell doors all slide open and the men
text: step out, clutching towels and toothbrushes. They all stop,
text: in unison. A VOICE barks out a command, the men turn on
text: their heels and walk.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICERS’ PARKING LOT - DAWN 3
text: The jeep drives up. The door cpens and out gets COLONEL
dialog: WINTER, 48, the Commandant of the USDB. You could cut wood
text: with the crease on his pants. He looks up at the flag and
text: the soldiers on the roof.
text: The soldiers salute the flag, turn on their heels.
text: Winter heads toward the gate, briefcase in hand.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - SALLY PORT - DAWN 4
text: Winter is buzzed through a sally port, SOLDIERS saluting him
text: as he goes. He’s met on the other side by LT. PERETZ, 40.
text: Peretz salutes.
speaker_heading: LT, PERETZ
dialog: Good morning, sir.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Lieutenant.
text: Winter returns salute. Peretz hands him a cup of coffee and
dialog: they walk.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: How are we this morning?
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (off his clipboard)
dialog: 813 in general population, 3 in the
dialog: hospital and 2 in Pc.
text: They turn and head up the stairs.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAWN 5
text: Winter and Peretz enter. Prominent in the room is a glass
text: cabinet across one wall filled with artifacts of war. The
text: blinds are drawn and the office is dark.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: ...on leave and C Company is at full
dialog: strength.
text: Winter nods. He tosses his briefcase onto his desk. Peretz
text: opens the curtains, revealing a view of...
speaker_heading: THE YARD
text: The central exercise area of the Castle (dirt running track,
text: basketball hoops, weight pile). The yard is flanked by the
text: Administration Building, the Tiers and the outer walls.
text: INMATES are spilling out of the Tiers.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: One other thing, sir. The Hispanic
dialog: inmates are complaining they’re
dialog: receiving smaller portions than the
text: black inmates in the mess. They
dialog: feel it’s due to the predominance of
text: black inmates on food service detail.
text: Winter shakes his head as he looks out at the inmates in the
dialog: Yard.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Another matter of life and death.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Get me their duty roster.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL - DAY 6
text: Lunch. Ali the inmates serving up the food are LATINOS and
text: they are having a great time, giving their pals huge servings,
text: while doling out the minimum allowable amounts to the BLACKS
text: and WHITES. One huge black inmate -- THUMPER -- is most
text: displeased by the small portions on his plate. He yells at
text: the man behind the counter -- MIGUEL.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: You can’t feed a squirrel on that!
scene_heading: LATINO FOOD SERVER
dialog: That's regulation, man.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 6
speaker_heading: LATINO FOOD SERVER (cont'd)
dialog: You got a problem, you take it up
dialog: with the Colonel.
dialog: (to next guy)
dialog: Hey, ese! You look hungry. Here
dialog: you go.
text: Miguel slops down an extra helping on the guy’s plate.
text: Thumper steams, keeps moving.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 7
text: INMATES spill out onto the Yard after lunch.
text: Two guards -- SGT. MCLAREN and PVT. NIEBOLT -- are standing
text: near an ANCIENT STONE WALL in the middle of the Yard. They
text: are handing out picks and sledgehammers to four white
text: prisoners: BEAUPRE, DARNELL, WITTBRODT and TUCKER, all ex-
dialog: Green Berets; all mean sons-of-bitches.
text: Beaupre grabs a sledgehammer and climbs a ladder to the top
text: of the wall. He starts pounding on the top layer of stones,
text: trying to break them loose.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR (0.8.)
text: The m-m-mortar is weak.
text: Beaupre looks down at AGUILAR, 22, a sweet-faced Latino.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR (cont'd)
dialog: M-m-maybe if you--
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: The fuck you doing, taco?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: M-m-my d-d-dad was a m-m-mason--
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: I d-d-don’t c-c-care if your d-d-dad
dialog: built the fucking pyramids, beano.
text: Whites work the wall, spics move the
text: rocks, niggers stack the rocks,
dialog: That's.the way it is. Which means,
dialog: Cheech, get the fuck away from my
dialog: wall.
text: Aguilar just stares at Beaupre. Another Latino inmate --
text: ENRIQUEZ, 50s -- steps up, grabs Aguilar by the shoulder and
text: pulls him away. They all hear a commotion across the Yard.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7
text: Fifty yards away, THUMPER and MIGUEL are circling each other,
text: cheered on by a circle of men.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You fucks serve us up portions the
dialog: size of pigeon shit, and now you got
dialog: a problem?
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 8
text: Winter and Peretz are by the window, looking down into the
text: Yard, watching Thumper and Miguel cireling each other.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: If you think about it, this is really
dialog: an interesting example of stimulus
dialog: and response.
dialog: (off Peretz’s look)
dialog: No matter what stimulus we create,
dialog: the response is always the same. It
dialog: always ends up in the Yard. Different
dialog: actors in different parts, of course,
text: but the basic play doesn’t vary much.
dialog: Someone should write a paper on it.
text: Peretz nods. Down below, Thumper moves toward Miguel. Peretz
text: raises his radio. Winter motions him to hold up.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Wait for it...
text: Thumper pushes Miguel. Winter motions Peretz to go ahead.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: No one in or out; hospital squad in
dialog: reserve.
text: Peretz speaks into his radio.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Lock down all sally ports. §& Company
dialog: ist Platoon 2nd squad into reserve.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 9
text: YATES, 28, is standing apart from the crowd, leaning against
text: the prison wall. With him is JINX, 25, a bony little punk.
text: Yates sees Thumper and Miguel pushing each other. He glances
text: up at Winter’s office.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Go. He's gonna pull the squad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: JINX
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Yes. Go.
text: Jinx hurries off.
text: THUMPER and MIGUEL circle each other. Miguel pulls a shiv.
text: Someone tosses Thumper a five-pound weight tied to a length
text: of rope. Thumper starts swinging it over his head.
text: A couple other BLACK VS. LATINO fights break out. ONLOOKERS
text: back away in an ever-widening circle. The GUARDS back away
text: as well. No one looks very concerned.
text: Over by the old stone wall, McLaren and Niebolt gather up
text: the picks and sledgehammers, toss them into a wheelbarrow.
text: Yates starts toward the circle of on-lookers.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: Who'll give me odds?
text: Dellwo and Cyrus turn.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: It's a gang bang, you fool! How the
dialog: fuck you gonna take action on a gang
dialog: bang?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: It's a fight like any other, Dell.
dialog: (pulls out little black
dialog: book)
dialog: The winner is whoever's got the most
text: men standing when the bell rings.
dialog: Duffy'll take the count.
text: DUFFY, a 22 year-old white kid, nods.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: Based on numbers, I'd say it’s... 3-
dialog: to-2 in favor of our Latin friends.
dialog: Who's iri?
text: INMATES around him start calling in bets.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: You're bettin' against the brothers?!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 9
dialog: 10
dialog: il
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 9
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I'm not betting against anybody,
dialog: Dell. I'm the house. I am merely
dialog: an exchange for people who want to
dialog: bet--
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Fuck you and your house. Three on
dialog: the brothers.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Three for Mr. Dellwo.
text: Yates catches the eye of MCLAREN, wheeling off the picks and
text: sledgehammers. McLaren surreptitiously points at the Latinos
text: and holds up one finger. Yates nods, writes in his book.
text: IN THE FIGHT, a LATINO uses a weight bat to smack open a
text: horrible gash in the head of a BLACK INMATE.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER‘S OFFICE - DAY 10
text: Winter winces at the sight of the black inmate crumpling to
dialog: the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 11
text: Yates takes down some more bets. Cyrus steps up to him.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: As much as I disapprove of the entire
dialog: business... do you have to bet the
dialog: side?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Nope. Pick your dog.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
text: Main event. Thumper and Miguel.
dialog: The large fellow for two. Straight
dialog: up.
text: Yates looks over at Thumper and Miguel, still circling.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: You're on.
text: Cyrus nods. Not a second later, Miguel darts in, slashes
text: Thumper across the chest. Thumper howls.
text: Cyrus frowns. Yates shrugs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: a1
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: il
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: (scribbles in book, mutters)
dialog: Cyrus... owes me two.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: It's not over yet, Richard.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: You hang onto that optimism, Cyrus.
dialog: It works for you. Anyone else?
text: Thumper charges forward, swings the weight low, into the
text: side of Miguel's knee with a horrible crunch. Miguel goes
text: down screaming.
text: Cyrus looks at Yates. Yates frowns.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: Like you said, it's not over yet.
text: Thumper gets the weight swinging again, high over his head.
text: Just then, the rope snaps. The weight goes flying through
text: the air. Thumper watches it. Everyone watches it. Everyone
dialog: except...
text: McLaren, wheeling off the picks and sledgehammers.
speaker_heading: NIEBOLT
dialog: Sarge! Look out!
text: McLaren starts to turn. The weight slams into his back,
text: knocking him off his feet.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DAY 12
text: Winter's face goes very dark.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: End it.
text: Peretz raises his radio.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 13
text: McLaren sits up, winded.
text: Thumper hurries toward McLaren, hands up, panic in his eyes.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: It was an accident! I didn’t--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 13
scene_heading: DELLWO AND OTHERS
dialog: Get down!
text: All around Thumper, inmates are dropping to the ground, hands
text: and arms covering their heads. Thumper keeps going.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: It just broke, Sarge! You know I
dialog: wouldn’t do nothing--
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Thumper, get down!
text: Thumper sees everyone else lying down. Too late.
text: BANGBANGBANG! Thumper takes three rounds in the back. He
text: yells, staggers.
scene_heading: EXT. GUN TOWER - DAY 14
text: A GUNMAN empties a clip into Thumper.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 15
text: THUMPER gasps as e bullets i i . His eyes
text: roll and he falls onto his face. Two more shots snap into
text: him. His body jumps.
text: The GUNMAN stops firing.
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: (into headset)
dialog: Target down.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DAY 16
text: Winter looks down at Thumper, on the ground, motionless,
text: surrounded by a hundred men, arms and hands covering their
dialog: heads.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
text: And, for a moment, the jungle is
dialog: quiet.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 17
text: A bookshelf-lined conference room. Winter is having lunch
text: alone, reading a translation of Pliny the Elder as he eats.
text: There’s a tap at the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 17 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Yes?
text: Peretz comes in, clutching a piece of paper.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: 10.
dialog: 17
dialog: Sir, they just announced the verdict.
text: Winter arches an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: LT. PERETZ (cont'd)
dialog: Guilty.
text: Winter sighs, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I can’t believe they actually went
dialog: through with it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When does he arrive?
text: Peretz hands Winter the fax. Winter is stunned.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Tonight?
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: They say they’re expediting his
dialog: transfer -- as a courtesy.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: As a courtesy? For Godsake, they
dialog: should... they should be naming an
text: army base after him, not sending him
dialog: here.
dialog: {exhales, beat)
dialog: I'll want to meet with him -- in my
dialog: office. He may be hungry, so have
dialog: the kitchen prepare something. And
dialog: get someone in to help.
speaker_heading: 18 OVER BLACK
speaker_heading: YATES (V.0.)
dialog: Here he comes.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 18
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: il.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DUSK ig
text: The library windows afford a view of the front gates and the
text: approach road. INMATES are crowded around all available
dialog: windows.
text: Yates is at one window with Dellwo, Cyrus and Duffy.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Big fucking deal.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: It is.
text: THEIR POV of the bus driving through the gates.
speaker_heading: CYRUS (0.S8.) (cont'd)
dialog: This is the first time someone with
dialog: a rank above colonel has ever been
dialog: sent to the Castle.
scene_heading: INT, BUS - DUSK 20
text: A PRISONER is sitting, in shadows, face unseen, halfway back
text: in a dark, otherwise empty prisoner transport bus. He’s in
text: leg and wrist chains, looking out the window.
text: HIS POV: SOLDIERS on the roof taking down the flag and folding
dialog: it. :
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DUSK 21
text: The guys jostle for position at the window to get a look.
speaker_heading: DUPFY
dialog: What'd he do?
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: What you think? He fucked up -- big
dialog: time. Why else do you think a five-
dialog: star general’s gonna come to this
dialog: Place? Pirating cable?
speaker_heading: . DUFFY
dialog: I know he fucked up, Dell--
speaker_heading: DELLWO :
dialog: He was in Uganda, on one of them UN
text: deals, shot up a bunch of Tutus.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 12.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: That's it, Dell. You got it exactly.
dialog: Except he's a three-star general,
dialog: not five; it was Burundi, not Uganda,
dialog: and the tribes are the Hutus and the
dialog: Tutsis, not the Tutus -- they're not
dialog: ballerinas.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: And he didn’t shoot anybody. He
dialog: went to rescue some Hutu moderates
dialog: after he was ordered to leave the
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: They sent him here for trying to
dialog: rescue some people?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: They sent him here because he
text: disobeyed orders.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: They sent him here because eight
dialog: American soldiers got killed.
speaker_heading: _ DUFFY
dialog: Shit. He get the Tutus out?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Hutus.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Hutus. Fuck.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: No. They were dead before he got
dialog: there. At least he tried.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: You don’t think he should’ve been
dialog: convicted?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: No one does. Not even the men who
dialog: convicted him. They wanted to keep
dialog: it in house. But once the story hit
dialog: the New York Times, they had no
dialog: choice. They couldn’t let it slide.
text: Dellwo strains to get a look out the window.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: al
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 21
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Let's see what a living fucking pinky
dialog: legend looks like.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISONER RECEPTION GATE - DUSK 22
text: The bus pulls up, stops. The door opens and the PRISONER
text: steps out, shackled. We still don’t see his face. GUARDS
text: nod and the prisoner starts toward the gate, shuffling.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DUSK 23
text: They watch the prisoner walk inside. Dellwo and the others
text: ease back from the window, nothing more to see.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: There must be some other stockade
dialog: they could put him.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: There isn’t. Right, Dell? You know
dialog: why. You love officers.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: I hate officers.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I was an officer.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: I hate you.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (to Duffy)
dialog: If an officer is convicted of a crime
dialog: there’s only one place he can go,
dialog: and that is right here.
scene_heading: INT. RECEIVING ROOM - NIGHT 24
text: The PRISONER stands, naked, his back to us. In front of him
text: are MCLAREN and NIEBOLT, both uncomfortable. McLaren holds
text: green prison uniform coveralls, going through a routine.
speaker_heading: MCLAREN
dialog: ...-unless special allowance is made
dialog: by a senior watch officer due to
dialog: weather concerns. If a prisoner is
dialog: found to be wearing outer clothing
dialog: ether than a uniform, the clothing
dialog: will be confiscated and the prisoner
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 24
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: MCLAREN (cont'd)
dialog: will receive discipline. Though it
dialog: will bear the prisoner’s name for
dialog: laundry identification purposes, the
dialog: uniform is the property of the
dialog: Department of Defense and any attempt
dialog: to alter it, color it or in any way
dialog: modify or damage it will also result
dialog: in discipline.
dialog: {beat; very uncomfortable)
dialog: Before you can, uh, put on your
dialog: uniform, you must be checked for
dialog: contraband.
dialog: (to Niebolt)
dialog: Private Niebolt.
text: Niebolt doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: MCLAREN (cont'd)
dialog: Private Niebolt, check the prisoner
dialog: for contraband.
text: Niebolt still doesn’t move. McLaren shoots him a look -- he
text: has no choice. Niebolt steps forward.
scene_heading: : PVT. NIEBOLT
dialog: The, uh, prisoner will, uh, turn
dialog: and, uh, grab the bar and place his
text: feet on the floor markings.
text: The prisoner turns and grabs the bar. We get our first good
dialog: look at...
text: GENERAL LELAND IRWIN, short-cropped hair and piercing eyes.
text: Irwin positions his feet on the floor.
text: Niebolt starts putting on a rubber glove, shaking his head.
text: McLaren gives him a look -- just do it. WNiebolt steps
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: May I ask a favor?
scene_heading: . PVT. NIEBOLT
dialog: (stops)
dialog: A favor...?
scene_heading: SGT. MCLAREN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 24
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: When you speak about this -- and you
dialog: will -- be kind.
text: Niebolt and McLaren are startled for a moment, then laugh.
text: The door swings open, Peretz enters.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Skip the search. Sergeant, give him
text: his uniform.
text: Between Niebolt and Irwin, it’s hard to tell who’s more
dialog: relieved.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - NIGHT 25
text: THE FLAG lays folded on Winter‘’s desk.
text: IRWIN, now in green USDB coveralls, looks over Winter's
text: collection of war memorabilia. Atap at the door. Peretz
text: swings the door open, announces...
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Colonel Winter.
text: Winter enters, looks at Winter.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I know what you're wondering: Do
dialog: you salute me; do I salute you? No
dialog: to both. My men salute me, of course,
dialog: and each other, according to rank,
dialog: but there’s no saluting by the
dialog: population.
text: Irwin nods.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Hungry?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: You sure? Thursdays are Salisbury
dialog: steak night.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Always a reason for celebration.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 25
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Indeed. Could I at least interest
dialog: you in some lemonade?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Winter nods to Peretz. Peretz leaves.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: If you step over here I can give you
text: the basic layout of the facility.
text: Irwin joins Winter at the window. They look into the Yard.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: We're in the Administration Building.
dialog: Those buildings across the Yard are
text: the Tiers, where the inmates live.
dialog: That long, low building over there
dialog: is where the workshops and the laundry
dialog: are.
text: Winter notices Irwin looking at the old, half broken-down
text: stone wall in the middle of the Yard.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: That's the old blockhouse wall.
dialog: It’s all that remains of the original
dialog: building where the first prisoners
dialog: stayed, back in the 1870's. We
text: noticed the wall was leaning earlier
dialog: this year, so I asked the men to
dialog: take it down, rebuild the foundation,
dialog: put it back up. They enjoy working
dialog: on it; gives them something to do.
dialog: It’s become a matter of some pride.
text: The door opens. Aguilar enters with two glasses of lemonade,
dialog: gives them to Winter and Irwin.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Aguilar.
text: Aguilar nods, leaves. Silence for a moment as Irwin and
text: Winter sip their lemonade.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Back in ‘74 I waited in line for an
dialog: hour to hear you speak at West Point.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 25
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) “25
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Oh, God. What did I say?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I don’t know. I didn’t get in.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: ‘74... I was still giving my bugs
text: and thugs talk.
dialog: {off Winter’s look)
dialog: My POW experiences. The NVA
dialog: interrogators were thugs and we ate
text: bugs to survive. Bugs and thugs.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (grins, then...)
dialog: I remember my friends who heard you
dialog: that day were quite impressed. They
dialog: all wanted to follow in your
dialog: footsteps. Who didn’t? We all wanted
dialog: the combat career.
dialog: Of course, you make some choices,
dialog: take some assignments, and the next
dialog: thing you know...
text: Winter stops, afraid he’s revealed too much. Switches gears.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: We don’t have much time tonight, I’m
text: afraid -- it’s lights out in a few
dialog: minutes. I, uh... I can’t comment
dialog: on why you're here, of course.
dialog: Whatever my personal feelings may be
dialog: on the matter are irrelevant. You’re
dialog: here and we’ll just have to make the
dialog: best of it.
text: Irwin nods.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: I meet personally with every new
text: inmate, usually downstairs, soon
dialog: after they arrive. I always ask
dialog: them a.question -- the same question
dialog: I'm going to ask you. What do you
dialog: expect here at the Castle?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Nothing.
text: Winter looks at him, unclear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 25
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: I just want to do my time and go
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Perfect. That is the perfect answer.
dialog: Lieutenant Peretz!
text: A beat, then Peretz enters.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Gather up Mr. Aguilar.
text: Peretz nods, leaves. Winter turns to Irwin, awkward.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: I have what, given the circumstances,
dialog: might seem a bizarre request.
dialog: {Irwin arches an eyebrow)
dialog: I have a collection of most of the
dialog: seminal books on warfare, including
dialog: your book on the evolution of battle
dialog: strategy. I was wondering if you
dialog: would sign it.
speaker_heading: . GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Certainly. Of course.
text: Winter nods. Peretz reenters with Aguilar.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Just a moment, Lieutenant.
text: Winter exits. Peretz, Aguilar and Irwin are alone in the
text: room. Irwin holds up the lemonade glass to Aguilar, nods
dialog: his thanks. .
text: Aguilar, flustered, nods. Irwin sets the glass down, goes
text: to look at Winter's collection of war memorabilia.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - CONFERENCE ROOM - NIGHT 26
text: Winter enters, walks to a bookshelf.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - NIGHT 27
text: Irwin looks over the war memorabilia.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Impressive.
text: Peretz nods.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: is.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - CONFERENCE ROOM - NIGHT 28
dialog: Winter finds the book -- “Arrowheads to Warheads: An Evolution
text: of Battle Planning” by General L. Irwin. He plucks it from
dialog: the shelf.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - NIGHT 29
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Do you collect anything?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: A few coins from countries I've been
dialog: to. Nothing military.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My father didn't care for military
dialog: collections and it stuck with me.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - OUTER OFFICE - NIGHT 30
text: Winter holds Irwin’s book as he heads back toward his office.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - NIGHT 31
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (gruff voice, as his father)
dialog: The only kind of man who has a
dialog: collection like this is a man who's
dialog: never set foot on a battlefield.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - OUTER OFFICE - NIGHT 32
text: Winter is frozen, having heard what Irwin just said. He
text: doesn’t know what to do. He reaches for the doorknob, stops.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (0.S.}
dialog: (gruff)
text: To him, a minie-ball from Shiloh is
dialog: just an interesting artifact. Toa
text: combat vet, it's a hunk of metal
dialog: that probably caused some poor bastard
dialog: a world of pain.
text: Winter turns on his heel and heads back down the hall toward
text: the bookshelves.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 33 INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - NIGHT 33
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (to Peretz)
dialog: Of course my old man was a complete
dialog: fraud. After he died I found his
dialog: collection in the attic -- Kraut
text: helmet, Luger, Nazi flag.
dialog: (re: item in case)
dialog: Look at that. From Appomatox.
text: Irwin looks at Peretz -- may I? Peretz nods -- go ahead.
text: Irwin slides back the glass and picks up an old bayonet.
text: He’s turning it over in his hands when the door opens and
text: Winter comes back in.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Couldn't find it -- your book.
dialog: Must’ve been misshelved.
text: Irwin shrugs. Winter notices the bayonet in Irwin’s hands.
text: Irwin sees something in Winter's eyes, moves to put the
text: bayonet back.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: I‘1l do that.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: It’s no--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: I'll do it.
text: Irwin freezes. Winter softens, takes the bayonet from him.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: I'm going to be boxing it all up
dialog: anyway. I’ve grown tired of it.
dialog: {to Peretz)
dialog: You'd better be going.
text: Peretz nods, gestures for Irwin to leave. Irwin starts for
dialog: the door. :
text: Aguilar salutes.
text: Winter’s face goes very dark.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: - Mr. Aguilar, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
text: Aguilar immediately drops his hand.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: I-I--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Prisoner Aguilar, whatever our
dialog: personal feelings on the matter may
dialog: be, Prisoner Irwin is no longer a
dialog: general. In fact, he holds no rank
dialog: whatsoever.
dialog: Saluting him is not only no longer
dialog: required, it is in fact prohibited.
dialog: Are we clear on that?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: Yes, sir, but--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: But what, Prisoner?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: I-I was saluting you.
text: Winter is frozen for a moment, then shakes his head.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Not necessary.
dialog: (to Peretz)
dialog: You’d better hurry.
text: Peretz nods.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Thank you for your hospitality,
dialog: Colonel.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Don’t mention it.
text: Peretz, Irwin and Aguilar head out. Winter watches them go.
scene_heading: 34 INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - OUTER OFFICE - NIGHT 34
text: Irwin, Peretz and Aguilar walk down the hall.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (to Aguilar)
dialog: Go on ahead. Tell them to hold the
dialog: lock.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : . 34
text: Aguilar jogs down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - NIGHT 35
text: Winter stands at his window, locking down into the Yard.
text: He sees Aguilar running across the Yard. A few moments later,
text: Peretz and Irwin appear.
text: As Winter watches Irwin and Peretz, he absentmindedly plays
text: with something in his hands. He notices what he’s holding,
text: looks down -- it’s the bayonet. Winter drops it on his desk
text: in disgust.
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - NIGHT 36
text: Six floors of cells, one man to a cell. It's free time,
text: before lights out, INMATES mill about.
text: MCCLINTOCK carries some folded laundry into a cell on the
dialog: 3rd Tier occupied by...
text: YATES, sitting on his bed, writing numbers in his black book.
text: Taped to the wall behind him are photographs of a PRETTY
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN.
speaker_heading: MCCLINTOCK
dialog: Hey, Pilot.
text: Yates gives a slight nod, keeps at his calculations.
text: McClintock starts putting away the folded laundry.
speaker_heading: MCCLINTOCK (cont'd)
dialog: My Aunt Cherie is coming to visit me
dialog: Saturday. I haven't seen anyone in
dialog: my family since Easter. I was afraid
dialog: they were gonna forget about me.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: McClintock, your family forgot about
dialog: you the moment you came in here.
dialog: They cut your face out of all their
dialog: photo albums and rented your room
text: out to an acne-scarred vacuum cleaner
dialog: salesman your Mom has started calling
dialog: "Son."
speaker_heading: MCCLINTOCK
dialog: That's not funny, Pilot.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: The truth never is.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 36
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 36
text: McClintock finishes putting away Yates's laundry. He stands
text: there. Yates tosses him two packs of Marlboro reds.
text: McClintock starts out, stops, points at the photos on the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: MCCLINTOCK
dialog: You got a wife, right?
dialog: (Yates looks up)
dialog: Maybe she's gonna forget you.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Maybe she will. I wouldn’t be the
dialog: first person to go to prison and
dialog: lose a wife.
dialog: (nods at laundry)
text: Next time, socks folded, not balled,
dialog: ox I take my business elsewhere.
text: McClintock scowls, heads out, passing JINX on his way in.
text: Yates looks at Jinx, arches an eyebrow.
text: Jinx grins, raises one leg, shakes it and a pillowcase falls
text: to the floor. He kicks it over to Yates. Yates nods at the
text: door. Jinx turns his back to Yates, blocking anyone's view
text: into the cell. Yates dumps the contents of the pillowcase
text: out onto his bed -- surgical needles, bandages, sutures,
dialog: antiseptics, medications.
speaker_heading: JINX
dialog: It was just like you said, Pilot.
text: He pulled the squad from the hospital.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: He always does.
text: Yates goes through the stuff, tossing it back into the
dialog: pillowcase.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: Good job, Jinx.
speaker_heading: JINX
dialog: So I can have my radio?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Yeah, you'll get your radio.
speaker_heading: JINX
dialog: I like to take ‘em apart.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 36
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I’m sure you do. Give me a couple
dialog: of days.
text: Yates heads out of his cell with the pillowcase.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - NIGHT , 37
text: Irwin and Peretz walk across the empty Yard, the dark mass
text: of the Tiers looming up before them.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD TIER - NIGHT 38
text: Yates is outside Dellwo's cell, pillowcase under his arm.
text: Dellwo and TWO BLACK INMATES are in the cell, looking at
dialog: Yates.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Fuck Duffy, fuck his count and fuck
dialog: you. I ain't payin'. Now, what you
dialog: gonna do about it?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Well, I'm not gonna fight you, Dell,
dialog: if that’s what you’re thinking.
text: Dellwo smirks, gets nods, smirks from his friends.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: But I'm also not going to take any
dialog: action from you. Ever again.
text: Dellwo's face drops. He scowls, takes out three cartons of
text: Kools, tosses them to Yates.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Duffy's count was fucked.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I know -- you wuz robbed,
dialog: wait'll next riot.
text: Yates leaves Dellwo, walks on, passing the next cell, where...
text: CYRUS is sitting on his bed, reading a book. Yates tosses
text: Cyrus two of the cartons. Cyrus catches them without looking
text: up. Yates walks on, gets to a cell, looks in, sees...
text: A HUGE BLACK MAN standing, shirt off. A second man -- DOC,
text: 35, long-hair, glasses -- is looking at the big man's back,
text: covered in horrible welts and bruises.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 38
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 38
dialog: boc
dialog: Sleep on your stomach tonight, and
dialog: keep your shirt off tomorrow as much
dialog: as you can. I'll try to get you
dialog: some Advil.
text: The big man turns to look at Doc -- it's THUMPER.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Don't hurt too bad now, Doc. But
dialog: when they hit? Man, I got shot by a
dialog: real bullet once and I swear it didn't
dialog: hurt half as much as these rubber
dialog: things did.
dialog: boc
dialog: Yes, well, that's the upside to real
text: bullets. They cut through the skin,
dialog: hit fewer nerve-endings. ‘Course
dialog: the downside is, they kill you.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Good evening, Doctor Quest.
text: Doc turns, sees Yates, sees the pillowcase, knows what it
dialog: means.
dialog: boc
dialog: {to Thumper)
dialog: I‘1l check on you in the morning.
text: Doc heads out. He and Yates go along the walkway. Yates
text: hands Doc the pillowcase.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Just what the doctor ordered.
text: Doc feels the heft of the bag.
dialog: boc
dialog: This will do a lot of men a lot of
dialog: good, Yates.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I'm glad. Five cartons. This time
dialog: tomorrow.
text: A.horn sounds. Yates turns and walks back the other way.
text: Doc shakes his head, heads for his cell.
text: As Yates walks he flips a carton of Kools in his hand. On
text: one flip, Yates misses the carton and it falls to the walkway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 38
text: Yates leaves it there, walks on.
text: A second later, McLaren, the guard, walks by. He picks up
text: the carton, keeps going.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY TO THE TIERS - NIGHT 39
text: Peretz leads Irwin out of a sally port. As they walk, the
text: door shuts behind them, the deep clunk echoing down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - NIGHT 40
text: Irwin and Peretz step out onto the ground floor of the Tiers.
text: As they walk toward the stairs, Irwin looks up, sees...
text: INMATES, at their cell doors, looking down at him, silent.
text: Irwin and Peretz go to the stairs, start up.
scene_heading: INT. IRWIN'S CELL - NIGHT 41
text: Irwin enters his cell. Peretz remains on the walkway.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Just do your own time, don’t get
dialog: involved in anybody else’s game,
dialog: you'll be fine.
text: Irwin nods. Another horn and all the cell doors slide shut.
text: Peretz walks off. Irwin looks at the walls of his cell, his
text: new home. He reaches one hand out, touches a wall. Sticks
text: out his other hand; touches the other wall. He sighs, lowers
text: his head.
text: PULL BACK, out of the cell, to reveal it's in the middle of
text: the top (6th) Tier. Below and around him, the other INMATES
text: step back from their cell doors.
speaker_heading: DELLWO (V.O.)
dialog: I give him one week.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL - DAY : 42
text: Irwin eats alone..
text: Yates, Dellwo, Cyrus and Duffy are at another table, watching
text: Irwin. Hell, everyone in the mess hall is watching him.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: One week till what?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: DELLWO
text: Till he scrags himself. Like Boorda.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: If the disgrace of the court-martial
dialog: wasn't bad enough, a couple days in
dialog: this shithouse will definitely put
text: him over the edge.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: One week?
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I'll take that.
dialog: (whips out book, writes)
dialog: Mr. Dellwo. One week. Duffy, you
dialog: want in?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: On what?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: We'll make a little pool of it.
text: Just like the Final Four. A carton
text: a square.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: I don't know, Pilot. Betting on
dialog: whether or not a guy's gonna kill
dialog: himself? That's some creepy shit.
dialog: 'Sidés -- one week? He's harder
dialog: than that.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: How much harder? Five weeks? Eight?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Eight.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: {writing in book)
dialog: Eight for Mr. Duffy.
text: CUTBUSH, an enormous white guy, chirps in from another table.
speaker_heading: CUTBUSH
dialog: You are one ice cold motherfucker,
dialog: Yates.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 42
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Hey, I'm not the one who thinks he's
dialog: gonna grease himself.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Think again, Richard. No great
dialog: warrior can endure a loss of face
dialog: like this. The Samurai used to carry
text: around a little knife, made for just
dialog: one purpose -- seppuku-- ritual
dialog: suicide -- in the event--
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: (cutting Cyrus off)
dialog: --and next week on the History
dialog: Channel, Hitler Fucks a Cat. He's
dialog: not a Samurai, Cyrus. He's an
dialog: American general. He commanded the
dialog: 101lst Airborne. Suicide's not his
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Oh, yeah? I heard he called in an
text: airstrike on his own position when
text: he was pinned down in Khe Sanh.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: And yet he survived, Dell. He still
dialog: walks the Earth.
text: Irwin gets up and takes his tray to the conveyor belt.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: And it was the Ia Drang valley, not
dialog: Khe Sanh.
text: Irwin walks out of the mess hall. They watch him go.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY - DAY 43
text: Irwin's job is to grab a large laundry bag, hanging from
text: chains connected.to an overhead track, and pull it over toa
text: vat. He pulls a cord on the bag, the laundry falls into the
text: vat and Irwin goes back for another bag.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - BY LAUNDRY - DUSK 44
text: Irwin comes out of the laundry, joining the rest of the men
text: heading back across the Yard at the end of the day.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: a4
dialog: Pro '
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: ae
text: Irwin stops to look at the INMATES working on THE BLOCKHOUSE
text: WALL. It's a regular clusterfuck, with guys yelling at each
dialog: other; no real work getting done.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR (0.5S.)
dialog: They're g-g-going about it all wr-wr-
dialog: wrong.
text: Irwin turns to see Aguilar standing beside him.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR (cont'd)
dialog: My d-d-dad w-w-was a m-m-magon. The
dialog: m-m-mortar is w-w-weak.
text: Irwin nods -- whatever you say -- and walks off.
text: Doc, CYRUS and ENRIQUE% are standing together, watching Irwin.
text: Cyrus nudges Doc, Doc nods, walks after Irwin.
dialog: boc
dialog: You wouldn't remember me, but I served
dialog: under you in the Gulf.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Dr. Thomas Barnard. You were attached
dialog: to the 33rd Medical Group.
dialog: boc
dialog: (surprised, grins)
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You were arrested for possession of
dialog: narcotics.
dialog: boc
dialog: (grin fades)
dialog: Right again.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: It was a small amount. You don't
dialog: end up here for that.
dialog: boc
dialog: No, you end up here for attacking an
dialog: MP in the Saudi jail.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was wondering if I could talk to
dialog: you->
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: Karen
scene_heading: TOTAL P.@2
speaker_heading: Goldt
dialog: a4
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 44
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, you fucking chump! Get your
dialog: hands off that! That's mine!
text: Aguilar is holding a pick; Beaupre walks toward him.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE (cont'd)
dialog: What the fuck you doin’? Get back
dialog: to your wheelbarrow, Chico.
text: Aguilar starts off, still holding the pick.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE (cont'd)
dialog: Without the fucking pick, punk!
dialog: Don't make me hurt you! You know I
dialog: can!
text: Aguilar drops the pick. Beaupre goes after him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (0.S.)
dialog: Have you found the weakness?
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: (stops)
dialog: What?
text: Irwin walks toward him, smiling, calm. Beaupre is confused.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: In the wall. Have you found the
dialog: weakness in the wall? My guess would
dialog: be the mortar. May 1?
text: Irwin picks up Beaupre's pick, taps the tip of the pick
text: against the mortar on the bottom row of stones. It crumbles.
text: He hacks at it and the mortar comes away in great chunks.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: Mr. Aguilar, would you mind?
text: Irwin offers Aguilar the pick. Aguilar hesitates, looks at
dialog: Beaupre.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: (to Beaupre)
dialog: Let's look at the other side.
text: Irwin hands the pick to Aguilar, walks off. Beaupre can
text: only follow. Cyrus, Doc, Dellwo and others share a look, go
dialog: after them.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: a7
dialog: 48
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - BY THE BLOCKHOUSE WALL - DAY 45
text: ANGLE ON THE WALL, no one in sight. The bottom line of mortar
dialog: has been chipped away. We hear...
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (0.8.)
dialog: One... two... three!
text: The wall shudders, some dust shakes off of it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (0.8.) (cont'd)
dialog: One... two... three!
text: The wall rocks a bit, more dust falls.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (0.S8.) (cont'd)
dialog: One... two... THREE!
text: The wall shudders... then slowly topples forward... and SLAMS
text: into the ground, sending up a cloud of dust. The dust clears;
dialog: we see...
text: IRWIN, AGUILAR, CYRUS, DOC, DELLWO and TEN OTHERS, surprised,
text: grinning. Irwin claps Aguilar on the shoulder. Aguilar
dialog: beams.
text: YATES stands apart, looking on.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 46
text: Winter looks down from his window, surprised, curious.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - BY THE BLOCKHOUSE WALL - DAY 47
text: Irwin looks over the fallen wall, shattered into a hundred
text: pieces along its mortar lines.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: "My name is Ozymandius, king of
dialog: kings..."
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: "Look on my works, ye Mighty, and
dialog: despair."
text: Irwin looks at Cyrus, arches an eyebrow.
scene_heading: INT. CYRUS’S CELL - NIGHT 48
text: CLOSE ON A CHESS SET. The pieces were sculpted from cigarette
text: foil, the board is an elegant drawing on cardboard. Irwin
text: and Cyrus are in the midst of a game.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 438
text: Doc and Enriquez appear in the doorway.
dialog: what is this?
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Cyrus holds a Ziploc bag containing some foul-looking liquid
text: he drinks through a straw.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Would you like some?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Raisin Jack.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Liquor made from raisins.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Maybe some other time.
text: Cyrus shrugs. Irwin makes his move.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: Check. And mate, I'm afraid.
text: Cyrus surveys the board.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Thanks for the game.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Thank you. You’re the first person
dialog: who’s beaten me in four years. I
dialog: can’t say I like it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (grins, rises)
dialog: I’il see you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Uh... just a moment.
speaker_heading: CYRUS (cont'd)
dialog: We just want to talk to you for a
dialog: moment. I hope you don’t mind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
dialog: Irwin looks at Cyrus --
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (2) 48
text: Irwin says nothing. Cyrus gestures to the bed. Irwin sits
text: back down again. Silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUEZ
dialog: Let’s just get to it. You still got
text: friends high up in the Pentagon,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Not many. Why?
dialog: boc
dialog: We were hoping you could talk to
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: About what?
dialog: boc
dialog: About what it’s like here. The truth.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUEZ
dialog: It’s a real fucking jungle in here,
dialog: vato, and it isn’t an accident.
dialog: Winter sets us against each other --
dialog: black vs. brown, brown vs. white --
dialog: keeps things stirred up. As soon as
text: it starts dying down, he starts
text: fanning and blowing and boom, it’s
text: running hot again.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Let me get this straight. There is
text: violence in a place filled with
dialog: convicted criminals?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUEZ
dialog: I told you this was pointless.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: (to Irwin)
dialog: It's not just that the Colonel
dialog: instigates violence, he also provides
dialog: substandard services. If anyone
text: gets injured -- in a fight he’s
text: provoked -- they’re on their own.
text: Doc spends half his time stitching
dialog: people up.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: “He provides substandard services”?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 34.
dialog: (3) “48
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: You want to talk about “substandard
dialog: services"? My first year in Hanoi,
dialog: I had a friend who had to treat
dialog: himself for a compound fracture.
dialog: boc
dialog: You can’t compare--
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: That's right you can’t compare.
dialog: This is summer camp. And you're...
dialog: you're whining.
text: Irwin shakes his head, rises, starts out.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: {gotto)
dialog: There have been murders.
text: Irwin slows a half-step.
speaker_heading: CYRUS (cont'd)
text: By Colonel Winter and his men.
text: Irwin looks. back.
dialog: boc
dialog: Sometimes, when there’s a fight in
dialog: the Yard, an inmate will make a
dialog: mistake and touch a guard. You do
dialog: that, you get shot.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Usually it’s just rubber bullets.
dialog: boc
dialog: But sometimes it’s not. Three times
dialog: in the past two years, there’s been
text: a “mix-up” and real bullets have
dialog: been used.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUEZ
dialog: And wouldn’t you know it, the three
dialog: guys who died were all guys Winter’d
dialog: been having trouble with.
dialog: boc
dialog: You may say the rest of it’s whining,
dialog: but someone needs to look into.these
dialog: deaths. -
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 48
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: They look
dialog: 35.
dialog: (4) 48
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: We've tried, but no one listens to
dialog: us. After all, we’re just a bunch
dialog: of convicted criminals.
text: at Irwin, imploring. Irwin looks back at them.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Three years ago, in Bosnia, I was
dialog: driving through an IFOR town, and I
text: saw an old man sitting on the steps
dialog: of his house with a child I presume
dialog: was his grandson, playing dominces,
dialog: and I had a revelation. All my life
dialog: in the Army, through good wars and
dialog: bad, I'd been doing my best to make
dialog: dangerous parts of the world safe
dialog: enough so old men could sit on their
dialog: steps and play games with their
dialog: grandchildren. It was not entirely
dialog: selfless, of course. I loved the
dialog: work with all my heart. I gave a
dialog: great deal for it. I lost a wife
dialog: due to neglect. J am a stranger to
dialog: my daughter. I have a grandson I
dialog: have never met.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When I saw that old man in Bosnia, I
dialog: didn’t begrudge him his game with
dialog: his grandson. I simply thought, “My
dialog: turn.” Now, I didn’t retire after
dialog: Bosnia. I should have, but I didn’t.
dialog: I took one last assignment. To
dialog: Burundi. And here I am.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm done, gentlemen. I’m not fighting
dialog: anyone or anything ever again. I’m
dialog: going to do my time, then I’m going
dialog: to go home, and, God willing, sit on
dialog: my front steps and play a game of
dialog: dominoes with my grandson.
text: And with that, Irwin walks out. Enriquez is pissed, Doc is
text: disheartened. Cyrus just watches Irwin go.
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - DAY 49
text: McLaren is standing on the floor, reading from a list of
dialog: names.
speaker_heading: MCLAREN
dialog: Copeland, Illingworth...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 49
text: INMATES are in their cells, combing their hair, getting
text: spiffed up. As they hear their names, they leave.
scene_heading: ON THE 3RD TIER 50
text: Yates sits on his bed, staring at the floor.
speaker_heading: MCLAREN (0.S.)
dialog: Tucker, Voke, Yates...
text: Yates gets up.
scene_heading: ON THE 6TH TIER 51
text: Irwin sits in his cell, holding a letter in his lap.
speaker_heading: MCLAREN (0.S.)
dialog: ...Young, Zamorro, Zeitlin. That is
text: the end of the list.
dialog: If I did not call your name that is
dialog: because it is not on the list. I do
dialog: not make mistakes. Have a good day.
text: Irwin listens to McLaren and others walk away. He remains
text: sitting on his bunk.
text: CLOSE ON THE LETTER Irwin is holding. It's addressed to
dialog: ie , in a town in Oregon. Someone has
text: scrawled RETURN TO SENDER across the envelope.
scene_heading: INT. VISITOR’S CENTER - PHONE ROOM - DAY 52
text: PRISONERS sit on one side of the glass partition, their
text: VISITORS on the other, talking via phone.
text: Across from Yates sits JILL, 28, his wife. They are silent.
text: gill is distraught, tear tracks on her face. She is looking
text: at Yates. Yates is looking at anything but Jill, shaking
text: his head, smirking.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What? You think it’s funny? You
dialog: think I'm kidding?
text: Yates shakes his head -- nothing. More silence.
speaker_heading: JILL (cont'd)
dialog: You're not going to say anything? I
dialog: tell you I want a divorce and you
dialog: don’t say anything?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 52
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: What do you want me to say?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I don’t want you to say anything. I
dialog: thought maybe you might want to...
dialog: Oh, forget it.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: What am I supposed to say? That I'm
dialog: surprised? The only surprise is
dialog: that it took so long.
text: Jill sighs, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: dust so I know -- what‘’s his name?
text: Jill looks up, incredulous.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: The guy you’re fucking. Or, if you
dialog: prefer, the guy who's fucking you.
dialog: Whichever you--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You bastard. You goddamn bastard.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: You gonna try and tell me there isn’t--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Don’t you dare make this about me!
dialog: Don’t you dare!
text: Jill slams down the phone, glares at Yates, turns, goes to
text: the door. It’s locked. She can’t leave. She pounds on it,
text: frustrated, shoulders shaking. Yates does nothing, says
text: nothing. Finally the door buzzes open and Jill goes through.
text: Yates watches the door close. Then he hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 53
text: Grey, with low, threatening clouds. Irwin comes out of the
text: laundry, looks over at the fallen blockhouse wall, a few
text: inmates breaking up the stones.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR (0.S.)
dialog: Afternoon, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
text: Irwin turns, sees Aguilar giving him a salute.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Don't do that.
text: Irwin keeps walking. Aguilar keeps saluting.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: Go-- Just-- At ease.
text: Aguilar drops his arm, slumps. Irwin keeps going, then stops,
text: looks back. He sees the sadness in Aguilar’s eyes.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: What branch were you in, Aguilar?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: The C-C-Corps.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Miss it?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: Yes, sir. V-v-v-ery much.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Why are you here? What did you do?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: That's just it. I didn't d-d-do n-n-
dialog: nothing. It was a m-m-mistake.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Oh.
text: Irwin starts off.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: What--? Where're you going?
text: Irwin keeps walking. Aguilar suddenly blurts out.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR (cont'd)
dialog: I hurt .someone.
text: Irwin stops, looks at him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: How long have you been in here?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: Two years.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: (2) “53
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: o~ How much longer do you have?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: P-£-f£-
text: Aguilar pounds his fist into his thigh, frustrated.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Take your time. We're in prison.
dialog: We've got nothing but time.
text: Aguilar nods, breathes, tries it slowly.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: F-£-four and a half years to go.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: How's it been?
speaker_heading: ) AGUILAR
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Okay.
text: Irwin can see the truth -- the pain -- in Aguilar's eyes.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: o~ So, tell me, along with the stutter,
dialog: do you have some kind of spinal
dialog: . deformity? A curvature, some
dialog: misaligned vertebrae...?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: No...?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Then why are you standing like that?
dialog: I said “at ease," not slouch.
text: Aguilar straightens up.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: And what was that thing you did with
dialog: your hand?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR,
dialog: ‘Scuse me?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: It looked like you were running your
dialog: fingers through your hair and they
dialog: got stuck.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 53
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: What? Oh, no -- that was a salute.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: It was? A salute? Really.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: What was wrong with it?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Do you know why we salute?
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: To show respect?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Okay, but why a salute? Why this
dialog: thing with the hand?
text: That stumps Aguilar.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: The truth is, the hand is almost
dialog: immaterial. A salute is basically a
text: frozen wave.
dialog: (demonstrates)
text: It's as if you’re waving at someone
dialog: and you stop, you hold it. That's
dialog: the sign of respect. Not the fact
dialog: you have your hand up, but that you’re
dialog: not moving. You’re staying still
dialog: for that person, giving them your
dialog: attention.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A proper salute starts at your feet.
text: As Irwin starts instructing Aguilar how to salute, we PAN
dialog: and BOOM UP to see...
text: WINTER and PERETZ, in the window of Winter’s office, looking
text: down, watching.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DUSK 54
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: At the Point, his very name was said
text: with reverence, as if the syllables
dialog: themselves conveyed all that it meant
dialog: to be a soldier. And here he is
text: now, a gad, pathetic man commanding
dialog: an army of one. I can’t watch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 54
text: Winter turns away from the window, goes to his desk.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: IT know I told him saluting among the
dialog: prisoners was prohibited. _— -
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Shall I remind him, sir?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: And Prisoner Aguilar?
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 55
text: Aguilar stands alone ‘in the middle of the Yard, at attention,
text: saluting, but there's no one there.
text: The INMATES chipping at the fallen stones look over at
text: Aguilar. They also look over at...
text: Peretz talking to Irwin. Irwin nods. The horn sounds.
text: Irwin heads off to the Tiers. He takes a look back at
dialog: Aguilar.
text: Fat raindrops hit the dirt around Aguilar, kick up dust.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - NIGHT 56
text: Aguilar stands in the pouring rain, saluting.
text: Irwin watches Aguilar from a window on the ground floor of
text: the Tiers. ounds and he slowly backs away from the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY . 57
text: It's still raining. Irwin is with a group of INMATES hurrying
text: across the Yard in the rain, all looking at...
text: Aguilar, exhausted, crying, trying to hold his arm up. And
text: then, thankfully, the horn sounds. Aguilar lowers his arm.
text: He starts toward the Tiers. .
text: Irwin looks back from the doorway to the laundry.
text: Peretz walks out, stops Aguilar, says something to him.
text: Aguilar slumps, turns, goes back to his spot and lifts his
text: arm back into a salute.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 57
text: Peretz heads for the Administration Building.
text: Irwin shakes his head, turns to go inside.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY - DAY 58
text: Ixwin enters. He gets ten feet and he stops. He looks pissed
dialog: off -- at himself. He really doesn't want to do what he
text: knows he must. He sighs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 59
text: Irwin comes out and strides across the Yard toward Aguilar.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Put your hand dewn, son.
text: Aguilar doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: Put it down.
text: Aguilar slowly lowers his hand.
speaker_heading: LT. PERETZ (0.S.)
dialog: Prisoner Irwin, what are you doing?
text: Irwin turns to see Peretz heading back toward them. Aguilar
text: puts his hand right back up again.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: According to the Uniform Code of
dialog: Military Justice--
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
text: Step back from the prisoner.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (doesn’t move)
dialog: According to the Uniform Code of
dialog: Military Justice, no corporal
dialog: punishment --
text: Peretz puts his whistle to his lips and blows.
text: TEN GUARDS suddenly appear, from every doorway on the Yard.
text: They run toward Irwin, pulling their batons.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Step back from the prisoner and get
dialog: down .
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: According to the Uniform Code of
dialog: Military Justice...
text: Peretz looks up at...
text: WINTER, standing at his office window. Winter nods.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: ...a prisoner given discipline--
text: Peretz pulls his own baton and swings, clipping Irwin on the
text: ear. Irwin drops in pain. Peretz stands over him, face
text: blank, as the other guards run up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 60
text: Minutes later. Aguilar is still standing, saluting. Irwin
text: sits in the mud, hands on his head, a trickle of blood
text: dripping from his ear. Peretz stands nearby. They are all
text: surrounded by guards.
text: INMATES watch from every doorway.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (0.S.)
dialog: What seems to be the problem?
text: Irwin looks up. Winter approaches through the rain.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Sir, Prisoner Irwin was interfering
dialog: in the corporal punishment of Prisoner
dialog: Aguilar.
text: Winter takes a deep breath, nods.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Prisoner Irwin, I understand coming
dialog: here must be a big adjustment for
dialog: you. To go from having thousands of
dialog: men under your command in combat to
dialog: having no war to fight and no one to
dialog: follow you must not be easy.
dialog: Nevertheless, I do ask that you learn
dialog: how things are done around here.
dialog: Saluting is prohibited.
dialog: (to Peretz)
dialog: Take the prisoner to his cell,
dialog: Lieutenant.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 60
text: Winter walks off. Peretz pulls Irwin to his feet. :
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Sir, may the prisoner speak, sir.
text: Winter slows, turns.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Yes...?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Colonel Winter, according to the
dialog: Uniform Code of Military Justice,
dialog: corporal punishment of a prisoner
dialog: begun on the day shift may not go
text: past the following morning’s horn.
text: Winter says nothing for a moment. Everyone is looking at
text: him. ‘The only sound is the vain. Winter looks at Irwin,
dialog: thinking. Then...
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Prisoner Irwin, you are absolutely
dialog: right. Prisoner Aguilar, lower your
dialog: hand.
dialog: (to Irwin)
dialog: Thank you for bringing this to my
dialog: attention. Lieutenant?
text: Winter turns and heads back toward the Administration
text: Building, Peretz by his side. Winter says something to
dialog: Peretz.
text: Aguilar is stunned by what just happened. So are the guards.
text: Irwin is surprised himself.
speaker_heading: LT. PERETZ (0.S.}
dialog: Prisoner Irwin.
text: Peretz is walking back. Winter continues on toward the
dialog: Administration Building.
speaker_heading: LT. PERETZ (cont'd)
dialog: Prisoner Irwin, your uniform is
dialog: soiled. ©
text: He points to irwin’s shoulder, dotted with dark red spots.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: That's his blood!
text: Peretz gives Aguilar a look and he shuts up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 60
dialog: o~
dialog: 61
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: i
dialog: |
dialog: 62
dialog: o~
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 60
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: A soiled uniform is a violation of
dialog: the USDB Manual of Conduct. A
dialog: violation requires discipline.
text: Irwin sighs -- so this is how it’s going to be.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 62
text: The rain has stopped and the sun is out.
text: Irwin is carrying one of the stones from the fallen blockhouse
text: wall over to a pile a hundred yards away. He walks alone.
text: Fifty inmates are watching him, quiet.
text: Peretz and Lombardo supervise with McLaren and Niebolt.
text: Yates is in a group including Dellwo, Cyrus, Doc, Duffy,
text: Aguilar, Jinx and Enriquez. Yates pulls out his black book.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: 3-2.
dialog: (off their hard looks)
text: The stones weigh twenty pounds apiece,
dialog: it'll be eighty degrees by noon,
dialog: we've got two thousand percent
dialog: humidity. He won't make the day.
text: No one says anything. Cyrus, Enriquez and Doc move away
dialog: from Yates.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Hey, you're so sure he'll make it,
dialog: bet the other side.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: (sidles up)
dialog: You're right, Yates. No way he’s
dialog: gonna make it. Put me down for two.
text: WINTER watches through the window in his office.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 62
text: The sun is higher in the sky. Irwin is sweating hard,
text: trudging onward with a stone.
text: McLaren is looking at the big clock on the wall of the
text: Administration Building. The minute hand ratchets over to
text: straight-up ten o'clock.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 62
speaker_heading: MCLAREN
dialog: Break!
text: But Irwin doesn't stop.
speaker_heading: MCLAREN (cont'd)
dialog: I said break!
text: Irwin keeps going. That generates some interest in the crowd.
text: WINTER, watching from his office, arches an eyebrow.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 63
text: A HUNDRED INMATES are now watching Irwin. He's moving slower,
text: gaunt, the stone heavier in his arms. THE CLOCK moves to
text: straight-up noon.
speaker_heading: MCLAREN
dialog: Lunch! Thirty minutes!
text: Irwin doesn't stop. Aguilar and Doc run out.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: You've got to stop.
dialog: boc
dialog: At least take some water. If you
dialog: dehydrate, you'll drop.
text: Irwin keeps going.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: 5-2!
dialog: boc
dialog: (to McClaren)
dialog: Can we get a little weather relief
dialog: here, boss?
text: McLaren looks at Peretz. Peretz nods.
text: Irwin drops the stone on the pile and heads back for another
text: one. Doc says something to him and Irwin gets out of the
text: top of his coveralls as he walks, tying the arms around his
dialog: waist.
text: What we first notice are not Irwin's taut, ropey muscles,
text: but that his back is laced with SCARS.
speaker_heading: JINX
dialog: What in the fuck is that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 63
dialog: on
dialog: }
dialog: }
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: iA
dialog: \ 64
dialog: won
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Electrical scars. The NVA
dialog: interrogators would smear their
dialog: prisoners' backs with conductive
dialog: jelly, then get a car battery and
dialog: _some frayed jumper cables and go to
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: JINX
dialog: Fuck me. How long was he in there?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Six years.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He could've gotten out after four,
dialog: but he did six.
dialog: (off Jinx's look)
dialog: They offered him a release, but he
dialog: wouldn't go without his men.
speaker_heading: JINX
dialog: How come you know so much about him?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I... I'ma student of history.
text: WINTER continues to watch Irwin's progress from his window,
text: his brow beginning to furrow.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 64
text: Irwin drops a stone on the pile, takes a moment to catch his
text: breath, then turns and starts back. Sweat is pouring off
text: him. The sun is brilliant.
text: The on-lookers are crowded into a narrow band of shade against
text: one wall. Darnell, near Beaupre, takes his eyes off Irwin
text: for a moment, sees something, elbows Beaupre.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: Shit, look!
text: Beaupre looks.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: Fuck!
text: Yates looks over at him -- what? Beaupre points.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE (cont'd)
dialog: He's almost done!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 64
text: Yates locks over at the PILE -- six stones left.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: 3-2! His favor!
text: es_in. Beaupre runs out to Irwin. —
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: Drop, you fuck! Drop dead!
text: Duffy runs out.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: You can do it!
dialog: Others run out of the shade i i o it,
text: joi Irwin keeps going.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 65
text: Irwin picks up the last stone -- the heaviest of all. He
text: can barely straighten his legs. He totters off into.
text: A GAUNTLET of TWO HUNDRED MEN lining his course, yelling at
dialog: him both to stop ang keep going.
text: Irwin picks up his pace, gets to a brisk walk, then to a
text: run. He roars and sprints the last few yards and tosses the
text: last stone high onto the pile.
text: The crowd goes nuts. Beaupre curses. Yates looks bemused.
text: Aguilar jumps for joy.
text: Peretz hears something over his headset, turns, looks up.
text: Winter is standing at his window, radio to his mouth.
text: Aguilar and others crowd around Irwin, cheering.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (through a dry raspy throat)
dialog: Could I have some water?
text: thro’ he air. The cheering and
text: celebration come down a notch. Another blast of the whistle.
text: The celebration quiets.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: The discipline ordered was horn to
dialog: horn labor! The disposition of the
dialog: stones is immaterial! The prisoner
dialog: must continue!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 65
text: Groans, a few cheers, from the crowd.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUEZ
dialog: What's he supposed to do, Lieutenant?
dialog: He moved the whole goddamn pile!
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Then he can move it back.
text: More groans and cheers. Irwin eyes Peretz for a moment,
text: looks up at Winter in his window, then picks up a stone and
text: starts back.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: 7-2 against!
text: Another stream of bets comes in. Aguilar pushes through.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: Four! In favor!
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Four for Mr. Aguilar.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 66
text: Irwin, haggard, totes a stone. The GAUNTLET of yelling men
text: has gotten narrower, louder. Beaupre stumbles into Irwin's
text: path. Irwin hits him, falls. Irwin’s head hits the stone
text: and he's still. The crowd surges around him.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: He's down!
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: You tripped him!
speaker_heading: . BEAUPRE
dialog: Somebody pushed me!
text: Irwin raises his head. Blood is streaming out of a cut over
text: his eye. He starts to push himself to his feet.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE (cont'd)
dialog: He can't go on like that!
text: Dec wriggles through the crowd, sees the blood.
dialog: boc
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED : 66
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I'm okay.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: No, he isn't! It’s over!
text: Doc moves his index finger back and forth.
dialog: boc
dialog: Follow it.
text: Irwin does. Doc holds up four fingers.
speaker_heading: poc (cont'd)
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Four.
dialog: poc
dialog: What day is it?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Saturday.
dialog: boc
dialog: Who's the President?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Elmer Fudd.
speaker_heading: BoC
dialog: He's fine!
text: Chee: fr wd. Irwin wipes the blood from his
text: eyes, picks the rock up and keeps going.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: 11-1!
text: More bets come in.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: Two more!
scene_heading: 67 EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 67
text: Irwin staggers under the load of a rock, barely able to put
text: one foot in front of the other. Dry blood is caked on his
text: forehead and smeared across his face, chest and coveralls.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED) |
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 67
text: The crowd is now FIVE HUNDRED MEN, but it's eerily quiet.
text: They are watching Irwin and they are watching...
text: THE CLOCK, inching closer to 6:00, minute hand holding at
text: 5:59... holding... holding... elunk. It slides to 6:00.
text: Lr LO! 2 - But then there's quickly confusion.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUEZ
dialog: The horn! The fuckers! They're
dialog: holding the motherfucking horn!
text: Beaupre, face Purple with rage, screams in Irwin's face.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: DIE, GODDAMN You, DIE!
text: Irwin makes it to the pile, and as he drops the stone, the
text: The crowd goes wild.
text: Irwin slowly straightens up, his eyes fixed on...
text: Winter in his window.
text: Irwin senses someone walking up to him.
text: It’s Aguilar. Aguilar stops in front of Irwin, raises his
text: hand like he’s going to salute. Irwin winces -- don’t do
text: it. But Aguilar just runs his fingers through his hair,
text: grins. Irwin grins back,
text: Winter turns away from his window.
scene_heading: INT. AGUILAR'S CELL - NIGHT 68
text: Aguilar looks up as Yates enters with 36 cartons of
dialog: cigarettes.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: They're yours. Four cartons at 7-2,
dialog: two at .11-1 -- that's 36.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: They're not mine. I Placed that bet
dialog: for somebody else.
speaker_heading: . YATES
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 68
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
text: The guy in the hut three doors down.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL IRWIN'S CELL - NIGHT 69
text: Irwin is soaking his aching, raw hands in his sink.
speaker_heading: YATES (0.S.)
dialog: You know, betting on yourself could
dialog: get you a lifetime ban from the Hall
dialog: of Fame.
text: Irwin smiles, turns, sees Yates.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Mr. Aguilar!
text: Aguilar at the door. Irwin nods at the cigarettes.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: If you wouldn't mind, pass those out
dialog: as far as they'll go. I don’t smoke.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: Thank you, sir. The men'll appreciate
dialog: it.
text: Aguilar takes the cigarettes, leaves.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: One thing I've got to know: When
dialog: you fell and cut your head, did you
dialog: do that just to drive up the odds?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Why would I do a thing like that?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: To shut down my book.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: And why would I want to shut down
dialog: your book?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Because you know I'm running a suicide
dialog: pool on you. .
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Ah, yes. I heard about that. Are
dialog: there any squares left?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 53.
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Just one. Nine weeks.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: How much to enter?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Nope, sorry. Knowing you, you'd
dialog: kill yourself just to win a box of
dialog: smokes,
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Never. I'm like Pete Rose: if I bet
dialog: on myself, it's always to win.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: But you don't always win.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: God, no.
text: A moment of quiet. Yates is about to leave, but stops.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I met you once, when I was a kid.
dialog: (Irwin looks at him)
dialog: 1981. The belated Welcome Home
dialog: ceremony at the White House. I was
dialog: there. My father was one of your
dialog: men. In Hanoi.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I don't recall any Yates...
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: My mother's name. My dad was Richard
dialog: Andrews. They split when I was a
dialog: teenager. I took her name.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Richard Andrews... He was a good
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: : YATES
dialog: No, he wasn't. You know that.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: After thirty years, everyone's a
dialog: good man. It’s a law. Where’s your
dialog: father now?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 54.
dialog: (2) 69
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Crawling with worms, I suppose.
dialog: (off Irwin's look)
dialog: He died in '87. He was in a bar
text: fight, got hit in the head. He
dialog: thought he was okay, went back to
dialog: his shithole motel room and went to
dialog: bed. Trouble was, his blood was so
dialog: thin from drinking it couldn't clot
dialog: right anymore and he bled to death
text: in his sleep.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Yeah, well, it is your fault.
dialog: (off Irwin's look)
dialog: The men who were with you in Hanoi --
dialog: to a man they all say you kept them
dialog: alive. Your strength.
text: Irwin shakes his head.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: I kinda wish you hadn't been so
dialog: strong. Maybe my dad would've died
dialog: over there. At least then we would've
dialog: had that -- he would've died a hero,
text: not a sad, pathetic skid row drunk.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I am not responsible for those men
dialog: surviving.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: That's not what they say.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: When you are tortured, the first
dialog: thing they try to do is break down
dialog: your sense of self.
dialog: I broke quickly. Within weeks, self-
dialog: preservation was the last thing on
dialog: my mind. In fact, I Prayed for death.
dialog: Every night. The only thing that
dialog: kept me from answering those prayers
dialog: myself was the thought of the men in
dialog: the other rooms. They kept me alive,
dialog: Mr. Yates, not the other way around.
text: The_horn sounds.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 70
text: A LINE OF MEN stretches from the stone pile to the wall as
text: they move the stones. Their hands work with quick, practiced
text: precision and the stones fly along the line.
text: At the wall, AGUILAR oversees closely as the stones are
text: carefully stacked and slathered with mortar to form the new
dialog: wall,
text: Irwin walks out of the Tiers, heads for the wall. As he
text: passes inmates, many of them “salute” him as Aguilar did by
text: running their fingers through their hair.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Morning, Chief.
speaker_heading: OTHER INMATES
dialog: Hey, Chief. Good morning, Chief.
text: Someone taps Aguilar on the shoulder. He turns, sees Irwin
text: walking up. Aguilar and all the men around him “salute.”
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 71
text: Winter and Peretz stand at the window.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
text: The hand through the hair is their
text: form of salute. They address Irwin
dialog: as Chief. They have substitutes for
dialog: other ranks, as well. Anyone who
dialog: was a Captain is called "Boss",
dialog: Sergeants are "Sport", and Privates
dialog: are "Pal."
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (thinks, nods)
dialog: Take their names.
text: Peretz nods, lifts binoculars, starts jotting down names.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 72
text: Aguilar and the fifty or so inmates who were stacking the
text: stones are standing before Winter, who stands on the
text: Administration Building steps. Peretz waits behind hin.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: There may be many times in a soldier's
dialog: career when he will be required to
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: salute a man for whom he has no
text: respect. He salutes anyway, because
dialog: he has been taught to salute the
dialog: rank, not the man. There will
dialog: hopefully, however, be many more
dialog: instances than that in a soldier's
text: career when he happily salutes not
dialog: 56.
dialog: 72
text: only the rank, but the man who carries
dialog: it. When we who are soldiers see
dialog: greatness in a man -- see all the
dialog: qualities we attribute to those few
dialog: we call heroes -- then it is not
dialog: only our duty to salute, it is our
dialog: honor and our privilege. ‘That is
dialog: what we do, we who are soldiers:
dialog: that is who we are, and I understand
dialog: that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What I do not understand is how you
dialog: could think that any of that applies
dialog: to you. You are not soldiers.
dialog: e i ns xr the _inma’ .
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Each one of you is nothing more than
dialog: the shadow of a soldier. You have
dialog: the shape of a soldier, but you have
dialog: mo substance. You once were a
dialog: soldier, but now you merely mark the
text: space where a soldier once stood.
dialog: (gestures to prison walls)
dialog: And so we lock you away, out of the
dialog: light. And real soldiers...
dialog: (gestures to Peretz, McLaren)
dialog: ::-:are called upon to contain you,
dialog: to keep you from bringing more shame
text: to the uniform they wear.
text: Winter looks at them for a moment longer, then
text: goes inside. Peretz takes his place.
scene_heading: . LT. PERETZ
dialog: The prisoners present will return to
dialog: their cells to commence a seventy-
text: two hour lockdown.
text: The men sag, slump, the air going out of them.
dialog: turns and
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING HALLWAY - DAY
text: Colonel Winter arrives for work, briefcase in hand, passing
text: people in the hall, exchanging "Good Mornings."
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - OUTER OFFICE - DAY
text: Winter greets his SECRETARY and heads into his office.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Winter goes to his desk. He glances out the window before
text: he sits down. He does not sit down. His face clouds with
text: anger. He hits the speakerphone intercom button.
scene_heading: . COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Get me Lieutenant Peretz.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - OUTER OFFICE - DAY
text: Peretz comes through quickly, goes into Winter's office.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Peretz enters to find Winter standing at the window.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Do you wish to be re-assigned,
dialog: Lieutenant?
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Six?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Just give the word and I'll have you
text: shoveling camel dung in Djibouti so
dialog: fast it'll make your eyes bleed.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Sir, I--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: DID I OR DID I NOT ORDER YOU TO HAVE
dialog: THOSE MEN LOCKED DOWN?
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Yes, sir. You--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (points out window)
dialog: Then what in God's name is THAT?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 77
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: “97
text: Peretz steps up to the window, looks down.
text: TWO DOZEN MEN are putting the last stones on the top level
text: of the wall.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont! d)
dialog: I swear, Lieutenant, you better have
dialog: one hell of a good goddamn excuse or
dialog: I am going to crawl up your ass so
dialog: far that bump in your throat will be
dialog: my nose.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Sir--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Yes, Lieutenant?!
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Sir, those are different men.
text: Winter looks closer and he can't believe his eyes. There's
dialog: no Dellwo, no Duffy -- no one we recognize.
text: Winter thinks. Hmm. Exhales.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
text: Release Aguilar and the other men on
dialog: lockdown.
text: Peretz nods.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont 'd)
dialog: Then bring him to me.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Who, sir?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: The Prince of Fucking Venezuela.
dialog: Who do you think?
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: General Irwin?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (glowering)
dialog: Mister Irwin.
text: Peretz nods, turns on his heel.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 78
text: Aguilar and the other fifty men who’d been in lockdown walk
text: out onto the Yard. As they approach the almost-finished
text: blockhouse wall, the men already there start clapping.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 79
text: Winter stands at his window, looking down at Aguilar and the
text: others by the wall.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: It’s sad, but they just don’t get
dialog: it, do they? Apparently the irony
dialog: of prisoners building their own
text: prisons escapes them.
scene_heading: GENERAL . IRWIN {O.S.)
dialog: No, they get it.
text: Winter turns. Irwin is standing in the middle of the room.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: They just don’t care. It gives them
dialog: something to do.
text: Winter stares at Irwin for a long moment.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: So, Mr. Irwin, what do you want?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I want to do my time and go home.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: So you say, and yet everything you've
dialog: done here contradicts that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What do you want for them? The
dialog: ability to salute, use rank? What?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I think I want the same thing you do --
dialog: that they should be better men going
dialog: out of here than they were coming
dialog: ain,
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: That’s the line my predecessor used.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 60.
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: In his last two years here, there
dialog: were seven escape attempts and twelve
dialog: injury assaults on an officer,
dialog: including one killed. In the ten
dialog: years_since I assumed command, there
dialog: have been zero escape attempts, zero
dialog: injury assaults, zero officer
dialog: fatalities. Some may question my
dialog: ways, Mr. Irwin, but they work.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: See, in case you've forgotten, those
dialog: men down there are not here for unpaid
dialog: parking tickets and library fines.
text: Mr. Beaupre and his cronies raped
dialog: and murdered a young woman in a
dialog: parking lot in Manila. Mr. Dellwo
text: robbed a PX with a shotgun, blew a
dialog: poor corporal’s hand off. Your
dialog: beloved Mr. Aguilar almost killed an
text: MP with a claw hammer.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I labor under no illusions about
dialog: what these men have done. I just
dialog: think they could occasionally be
dialog: reminded of the best thing they did
dialog: in'their lives rather than having to
dialog: only think of the worst.
text: Winter looks at Irwin. He walks over to his display cases,
text: looks over his collection.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I know you don’t respect me, Mr.
dialog: Irwin.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: You the great front line combat
dialog: veteran. Me the rear echeion jailer
text: bureaucrat who collects grisly
dialog: mementos of war, but has never
text: actually set foot on a battlefield.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I don't--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 79
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: This ig combat, Mr. Irwin. This is
dialog: war. and it’s a war I’ve been
dialog: fighting for a_ long time. My men
dialog: and I are vastly outnumbered and we
dialog: spend every day behind enemy lines.
dialog: Because make no mistake about it...
dialog: (points out window)
dialog: ...they are the enemy; you are the
dialog: enemy, and I will not have any terms
dialog: dictated to me by the enemy. There
dialog: will be no saluting in any form
dialog: whatsoever. There will be no sneaking
dialog: around the prohibition of rank, I
dialog: don’t care what words you use. And,
text: as it seems to have become a focus
dialog: of much tension and turmoil...
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: ...in a couple of minutes, there
dialog: will be no wall.
text: Irwin doesn’t understand.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 80
text: Aguilar and the men are standing back, enjoying a look at
text: the completed wall. Cyrus shakes his head. Aguilar looks
dialog: at him -- what?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: I'm afraid I've never quite
text: understood. It goes nowhere, encloses
dialog: nothing, doesn't support anything.
dialog: It’s... it’s just a wall.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: Yeah. But it’s our wall.
text: Cyrus grins, nods. And then they hear a sound and turn.
scene_heading: THE TRUCK GATES
text: Are opening across the Yard. Everyone looks. They hear a
text: rattling rumble and then...
speaker_heading: A BULLDOZER
text: Comes through the open gates. It heads for the men and the
text: blockhouse wall. No one knows what to make of it. And then,
text: TWO DOZEN GUARDS, including Niebolt and McLaren, run out,
text: flank the bulldozer, batons ready.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 80
dialog: el
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 80
speaker_heading: MCLAREN
dialog: Move away from the wall!
text: Now the inmates realize what’s happening.
speaker_heading: AGUILAR
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: MCLAREN
dialog: Move away from the wall!
text: The men boo, jeer, but move back from the advancing guards.
text: Aguilar doesn’t back away. He starts walking toward the
text: bulldozer.
speaker_heading: MCLAREN (cont'd)
dialog: Don't do it, Aguilar!
text: But Aguilar doesn’t stop. Niebolt runs out, grabs Aguilar.
speaker_heading: NIEBOLT
dialog: Don’t!
text: Aguilar pushes Niebolt away.
text: A ripple of fear goes through the men.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DAY 81
text: Winter, Irwin and Peretz are at the window.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: End it.
text: Peretz nods, clicks on his radio. Winter almost grins.
text: Irwin gets a very bad feeling.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 82
text: A whistle blows. The inmates hit the dirt, covering their
text: heads with their arms.
text: Aguilar walks in.front of the bulldozer, raises his arms.
speaker_heading: NIEBOLT
dialog: Get down!
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 83
text: Irwin looks down in horror, realizing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 83
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: For Godsake, get down...
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 84
text: Aguilar stands in the path of the advancing bulldozer. The
text: bulldozer slows, stops. Aguilar grins, starts to turn to
text: look back at the others. CRACKCRACKCRACK. Aguilar jerks
text: from three bullet hits to the chest. He looks surprised
text: more than pained. He falls face forward to the ground.
text: Silence for a moment. Aguilar doesn’t move. And then dark
text: wet stains start to blossom on his back.
speaker_heading: NIEBOLT
dialog: Oh, fuck... Doc!
dialog: boc
dialog: Sir, permission to examine the
dialog: prisoner, sir!
speaker_heading: MCLAREN
dialog: Go!
text: Doc scrambles to Aguilar, rolls him over and we see the torn
text: cloth o£ the bullet strikes and his dog tags, covered in
dialog: blood.
dialog: boc
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 85
text: Winter looks at Irwin with an expression that says “see what
dialog: you made me do?”
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: They should only be using rubber
dialog: bullets. I can’t imagine how
dialog: something like this could happen.
dialog: (to Peretz)
dialog: Look into it, Lieutenant. I/’11 expect
dialog: a full report on my desk by Monday
dialog: morning.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
text: Escort the prisoner back to his cell.
dialog: Standard seventy-two hour lockdown
dialog: for the population.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 85
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Peretz heads out. Irwin goes with him. He looks back at
text: Winter, stunned, now fully seeing the depth of Winter's
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - DAY/NIGHT 86
text: A SERIES OF DISSOLVES shows the men sitting out the 72 hour
text: lockdown. At first, they yell and bang their cell doors.
text: But as day becomes night becomes day again, they quiet down,
text: take their meals, sit in silence.
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - DAY 87
text: A_horn sounds and all the cell doors slide open.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 88
text: A light rain falls. The blockhouse wall is gone. The only
dialog: sign it was ever there is a strip of new earth where the
dialog: foundation was dug out.
text: 300 inmates are in the Yard, scattered across it, back to
text: their racial divisions. The mood is quiet.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 89
text: Winter looks down from his window, Peretz by his side.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
text: And once more, order returns to the
dialog: jungle.
text: Winter turns and goes to his desk. Peretz stays by the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 90
text: General Irwin walks out alone to the center of the Yard, to
text: where the biockhouse wall had been. He looks at the strip
text: of new earth for a few moments, then he turns to the men
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Mr. Dellwo.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
scene_heading: TEN-HUT!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 6s.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
text: At that, the 300 men scattered randomly across the Yard move
text: and start to form a grid. Even BEAUPRE and HIS MEN step
dialog: into line.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 91
text: Peretz looks down at the grid as it forms, amazed.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Sir...?
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 92
text: The grid forms up into crisp, even lines, filling half the
text: Yard. The men stand at attention.
text: Irwin nods to Doc. Doc steps out of line, walks up to Irwin,
text: holds out his hand. In his hand are DOG TAGS, smeared with
text: dark, dry blood. Irwin takes them. Doc returns to his line.
text: Irwin kneels, scoops up some dirt with his hand and buries
text: the tags. He pats the earth flat, stands. He looks out at
dialog: the men.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Some might think to be remembered in
dialog: this way would be a disgrace to a
dialog: soldier, but there is no disgrace in
dialog: this. The greatest monuments to our
text: fallen heroes are not made of marble.
text: They're deep in the jungle -- a rifle
text: driven into the ground, a helmet
text: perched atop it, some dog tags.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And that is the kind of tribute this
dialog: man has earned. He doesn't get a
dialog: twenty-one gun salute or any of the
dialog: other honors usually bestowed upon a
text: soldier. He gets more.
dialog: (beat)
text: He goes to meet his maker with the
dialog: honor he claimed for himself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Gentlemen -- Private First Class
dialog: Ramon Aguilar, United States Marine
dialog: Corps.
text: Irwin bows his head and places his hand over his heart.
text: THE THREE HUNDRED MEN follow suit. Someone in the group
text: starts singing the Marine hymn. A few others join in.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 93 INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 93
text: Winter and Peretz look down from the window.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
text: A martyr. He's made the stuttering
dialog: monkey into a martyr.
text: And then they start to hear it -- the Marine hymn, swelling.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
text: Sound the dinner horn.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: It's not for another ten--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: SOUND IT!
text: Peretz snaps up the phone.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 94
text: Three hundred men are singing, and they are singing loud.
text: And then the horn sounds, cutting through their voices.
scene_heading: 95 INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 95
text: The horn dies. Silence -- no singing. Winter exhales in
text: relief -- that's better. He's about to turn away from the
dialog: window when...
text: THE THREE HUNDRED MEN turn as one and salute him.
text: Winter grimaces, does not return the salute.
text: The men drop their salute and march off toward the Tiers.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Bring General Irwin to me.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Mister Irwin...
text: Winter turns and glares at Peretz -- do not fuck with me.
text: Peretz nods and leaves.
scene_heading: 96 INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 96
text: Irwin sits across from Winter. After some silence...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goidberg
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 67.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: If the inmates could confine
text: themselves to a simple hand motion
dialog: such as this...
dialog: {runs hand through hair)
dialog: ...I don't see any problem. It's —
dialog: not technically a salute, and as
dialog: long as no one outside of the USDB
dialog: knows about it, we can live with it.
dialog: All right?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't think that really matters
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: All right. I just thought--
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: In fact, Colonel, there's only one
dialog: thing the men want anymore.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: And that is...?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Your resignation.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: They don't want better food. They
dialog: don't want more TV. They don't even
dialog: want out. They just want you to go
dialog: away.
text: Winter looks at Irwin for a moment, thinking.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Lieutenant Peretz!
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I agree with them. You should go.
dialog: But not because of the brutality you
dialog: encourage. Not even because you
dialog: have men killed. You should go
dialog: because you are the very worst kind
dialog: of officer. You’re a disgrace to
dialog: the uniform.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 96
text: The door opens; Peretz appears.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
text: Escort the prisoner back to his cell.
text: Peretz nods, gestures to the door for Irwin. Irwin locks
text: eyes with Winter, then walks out. Peretz follows him.
text: Winter just sits there for a moment, thinking. He reaches
text: over and taps his intercom button.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Marjorie, get General Wheeler on the
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (V.0.)
dialog: Colonel, I’m sure he’s left for the
dialog: day--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Then get him at home.
text: Winter sits back, looking out at the Yard, playing with
text: something in his hands. He locks down and sees that it’s
text: same old bayonet again. Winter looks at it. His phone
text: buzzes. Winter drops the bayonet on his desk and picks up
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: Good evening, General. Sorry to
dialog: disturb you.
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - DAY 97
text: McLaren is on the floor, reading from a list of names.
scene_heading: SGT. MCLAREN
dialog: Fenton, Fiengold, Garbowski...
scene_heading: ON THE 6TH TIER 98
text: Irwin is sitting in his cell, reading.
speaker_heading: SGT. MCLAREN (0.S.)
dialog: ...Hadley, Hammerman, Irwin,
dialog: Jankelford...
text: Irwin looks up, surprised.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. VISITOR'S CENTER - DAY 99
text: Irwin walks in. Niebolt directs him.
scene_heading: PVT. NIEBOLT
dialog: Number three.
text: Irwin walks down the row of phones. He’s surprised to see
text: who's waiting for him -- a young officer -- LT. DAVES. Irwin
text: sits, picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: LT. DAVES
dialog: Hello, Leland. How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Frankly, Lieutenant, I'm feeling a
dialog: little confused. I’m trying to figure
dialog: out what possible reason my lawyer
dialog: could have for being here.
speaker_heading: LT. DAVES
dialog: You don’t know? They haven't told
dialog: you?
text: Irwin doesn’t know what Daves is talking about.
speaker_heading: LT, DAVES (cont'd)
dialog: Leland -- you're being released.
text: Irwin is stunned.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL - NIGHT 100
text: Cyrus is at a table with Dellwo, Duffy, Doc and Enriquez.
dialog: boc
dialog: It’s called a compassionate release.
dialog: They're saying he has health problems--
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: That's bullshit!
dialog: boc
dialog: I'm just saying what they're saying.
dialog: . (to all)
dialog: They're keeping him in p.c. tonight.
text: He gets out tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Kill the head and the body will die.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 100 CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: It's an old line. It means--
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: I know what it means, Cyrus. It's
dialog: just bullshit, is all. They remove
dialog: this head and this body is just gonna
dialog: get stronger. We're gonna go apeshit
dialog: on this place.
dialog: boc
dialog: No, we're not.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Like fuck we're not.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUEZ
dialog: Who's gonna lead us?
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: I don't know... Me.
text: Eyebrows arch at that.
speaker_heading: DELLWO (cont'd)
dialog: You then. JI don't care.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUEZ
dialog: Not me.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Somebody .
text: There're no volunteers. The table goes quiet.
speaker_heading: YATES (V.O.)
dialog: It's perfect! Absolutely goddamn
dialog: perfect!
scene_heading: 101 INT. THE HOLE - GENERAL IRWIN'S CELL - NIGHT 101
text: Yates is standing ‘outside Irwin's cell door. Irwin is inside,
text: sitting on the bunk, in the dark.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: It makes so much sense when you think
dialog: about it, it’s almost obvious. But
dialog: I didn’t see it. Nobody did.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 71.
dialog: “102
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe Winter did. Maybe he knew.
dialog: But there was nothing he could do.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: What are you talking about, Yates?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Oh, give it up, you old dog! Come
dialog: on! It fits perfectly. You're a
dialog: smart man, right? A three-star
dialog: general. Brilliant strategist. One
dialog: of the best ever. Wrote books on
dialog: the stuff. And you wanna tell me
dialog: you weren't planning this right from
dialog: the beginning? This is what you
dialog: wanted, isn’t it, Chief?
dialog: You serve two months -- two months
dialog: and you’re out of here! You're a
dialog: genius! You got everyone to play
dialog: their little parts -- and they played
dialog: ‘em perfectly. Even me.
speaker_heading: SGT. MCLAREN (0.S.)
dialog: Yates! Time's up!
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: (to McLaren)
dialog: Okay!
dialog: (to Irwin)
dialog: Just tell me the truth. I promise I
dialog: won’t tell a soul. I'm right, aren’t
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: MCLAREN (0.S.)
dialog: Move it, Yates!
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I’m moving! I'm moving!
dialog: (to Irwin)
dialog: come on. I don’t care. I’m your
dialog: biggest fan. Just tell me. You
dialog: knew if you kept at Winter long enough
dialog: he'd let you go just to get rid of
dialog: you, right?
text: Irwin says nothing. Yates starts off.
speaker_heading: IRWIN
dialog: It occurred to me, yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 101
text: Yates is hit by that, stops. For all his boisterous cynicism,
text: he's disappointed. But he hides it.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: God bless you, Mister. You are the
dialog: king.
speaker_heading: SGT. MCLAREN (0.S.)
dialog: Goddamnit, Yates, don’t make me come
dialog: down there!
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I’m walking! One foot in front of
dialog: the other!
text: Yates heads off down the hall toward the sally port.
text: Irwin sits on his bed, staring into space.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING HALLWAY - DAY 102
text: Peretz and McLaren walk with Irwin, now in street clothes,
text: down a hallway. He glances out a window.
text: HIS POV down into the Yard. Empty. Not a soul.
scene_heading: EXT. USDB ENTRANCE - DAY 103
text: Irwin comes out with Peretz and McLaren. They walk toward
text: the inner fence gate, 50 yards off. There are two more gates
text: past that. Beyond the outer gate there are TEN TV NEWSVANS
dialog: waiting.
text: WINTER and LT. DAVES wait by the inner gate.
text: Irwin, Peretz and McLaren walk up to Winter.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Mr. Irwin, I'm going to say to you
dialog: what I say to everyone who leaves
dialog: this facility:
text: Irwin sees something over Winter's shoulder.
text: IN THE FIVE WINDOWS OF THE LIBRARY stand Dellwo, Duffy,
text: Enriquez and Beaupre, saluting. Irwin's eyes glide over
dialog: them to-the fifth window, where...
text: YATES is standing. He’s not saluting. He’s just standing
text: and staring. He and Irwin lock eyes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 103
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: I hope you can make good use of the
dialog: time you have left to you, and I...
text: Winter senses Irwin’s looking at something, turns to look.
text: As he turns, Dellwo and the others lower their hands.
text: Winter turns back to Irwin.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: ...and I hope that you can live in
dialog: such a way that you never have to
dialog: see the inside of a place like this
dialog: again.
text: Winter sticks out his hand. Irwin shakes it. Winter nods.
text: Irwin starts off. There’s an odd expression on his face --
text: one we’ve seen before. He looks pissed off. Like he doesn’t
text: want to do what he knows he must. He sighs, stops, turns.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Colonel, may I ask one question before
dialog: I go?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Of course.
text: Irwin walks back to the Colonel.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: What I’d like to know is--
text: Irwin suddenly hauls off and clocks Winter with a roundhouse
text: right. Winter sails back, hits the ground, blood streaming
text: from his nose.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont‘d) (cont'd)
dialog: --did you really think you could get
dialog: rid of me that easily?
text: Peretz and McLaren are on Irwin in a flash, wailing with
text: their batons. Irwin covers up and drops.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DAY 104
text: Dellwo and the rest look at each for a moment -- did that
text: really happen? -- then erupt in cheers.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. USDB ENTRANCE - DAY 105
text: Irwin is dragged back toward the entrance, blood dripping
text: from his head. He sees...
text: Dellwo and the others in the library windows, jumping up and
text: down, cheering. And then there’s...
text: Yates. He gives the smallest of grins.
text: Irwin looks at Yates as Peretz and McLaren drag him inside.
scene_heading: 106 INT. THE HOLE - GENERAL IRWIN'S CELL - NIGHT 106
text: Irwin lays on the bunk. He hears footsteps approach.
speaker_heading: TRUSTEE (0.S.)
dialog: Meal!
text: The meal slot slides open and a tray. is pushed in. Irwin
dialog: takes it.
speaker_heading: TRUSTEE (0.8.) (cont'd)
dialog: You have three minutes to eat your
dialog: meal.
text: Irwin looks at the meal. There’s something hidden underneath
text: the napkin. He picks it up, sees a Ziploc bag full of some
text: cloudy liquid. He picks it up, opens it, takes a whiff.
text: His eyes water.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Cyrus?
scene_heading: 107 INT. THE HOLE - OUTSIDE IRWIN’S CELL - NIGHT - CROSSCUT 107
text: Cyrus wears a trustee’s orange vest, pushes the meal cart.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: You found it.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: What in God's name is it?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Pruno. Original recipe. I thought
dialog: you might be in some pain. It’1ll
dialog: take the edge off. Just don’t get
dialog: any on your skin.
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Two minutes and thirty seconds!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED:
dialog: 75.
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Funny you should ask that. A few of
dialog: us are wondering what in the hell
dialog: you're doing here.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don’t know. I’ve been asking myself
dialog: the same thing. Aguilar, I suppose.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: How’s that?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I can’t help feeling responsible.
speaker_heading: : CYRUS
dialog: For what? His death? There's only
dialog: one man responsible for that and
dialog: it’s not you. You are, however,
dialog: responsible for making him feel like
text: a soldier again.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: As it happens, I know several hundred
dialog: other men who would like nothing
dialog: More than to feel like soldiers again
dialog: themselves.
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Two minutes!
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: To what end?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: You know what end. Unless you don’t
dialog: think it’s possible.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: {beat)
dialog: No, it’s possible.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Do you see any other option?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: There are always other options.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Such as?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 107
text: Irwin has no answer.
speaker_heading: CYRUS (cont'd)
dialog: The men are waiting, General. gust
dialog: give the word.
text: Irwin shuts his eyes, thinking hard. He grins ruefully to
text: himself, shakes his head, sighs.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Has General Wheeler paid a visit
dialog: yet?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: No.
dialog: (loud)
dialog: One minute!
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: He will. Probably tomorrow. Which
dialog: means you'll have to move quickly.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD APPROACHING THE PRISON - DAY 108
text: A three car MOTORCADE -- two jeeps and a sedan -- approaches
text: the prison, small CAC (Combined Arms Center) flags whipping
text: from the antennas.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY 109
text: The motorcade drives through the last of the fence gates
text: into the parking lot and stops. A CORPORAL hustles from the
text: jeep and opens the rear passenger door. Out gets...
text: LT. GEN. JAMES WHEELER, 50, none too happy to be there.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 110
text: Wheeler is in with Winter.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: It was on all the news shows, Ed!
dialog: Sure, it's hazy telephoto and they
dialog: had to put one of those circles around
dialog: it to highlight it, but it's pretty
dialog: damn clear what happened -- Lee Irwin
dialog: decked you!
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: It was really more of a slap, sir--
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED:
dialog: 77,
speaker_heading: “110
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: That was a helluva slap! You landed
dialog: on your ass! Now, what in God's
dialog: name is going on here?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I don’t know, sir. I’m not a doctor.
dialog: He-- Two weeks ago I observed him
text: marching a man back and forth in the
text: Yard. A minor eccentricity. Fine.
text: Since then, it’s as if he’s been
dialog: doing everything he can to provoke
dialog: me, in order to recruit a following.
dialog: It's almost as if -- and again, I'm
dialog: not a doctor -- but it’s as if in
dialog: some way he believed he were still
text: in the field, commanding a division.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Are you saying he’s delusional?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I’m just telling you what I've seen.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Your prisoner has made some claims
dialog: through his lawyer...
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I know, and they're absurd. Every
dialog: incident he mentions has been
dialog: thoroughly documented.
dialog: (beat)
text: It's almost as if he’s trying to
dialog: manufacture a cause.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: General, when I requested
dialog: compassionate release on medical
dialog: grounds, I‘1l be honest: this was my
dialog: true concern. His mental state. TI
dialog: don’t know that this is
dialog: the right place for him.
text: Wheeler takes that in, thinks about it.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: When you think about it, sir.... six
dialog: years in the hands of North Vietnamese
dialog: torturers?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: (2) 110
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: I don’t know that I wouldn't have
dialog: been a jabbering idiot a long time
dialog: ago. Not that he’s in any way a
dialog: jabbering idiot. He’s not. It’s
dialog: just...
text: Winter shrugs -- nothing more to say.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: I better talk to him. Alone. and
text: not through any plexiglass wall.
text: Winter nods.
scene_heading: 111 INT. VISITOR'S CENTER - CONTACT ROOM - DAY 111
text: McLaren and Niebolt usher Wheeler into the room. Irwin is
text: sitting. A cut over his eye has been stitched, but he still
text: looks like hell.
scene_heading: SGT. MCLAREN
dialog: This is a contact visit. You are
dialog: limited to one embrace at the
text: beginning and one at the end. Hands
dialog: must be visible at all times.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I guess that rules out the handjob.
text: McLaren, Niebolt and Wheeler laugh. Wheeler takes a seat.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: (to McLaren and Niebolt)
dialog: Go watch through the mirror.
dialog: (they hesitate)
dialog: I‘ll be fine.
text: They know that. They head out, leaving Wheeler and Irwin
dialog: alone.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: You look well.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You never were a good liar.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: 111 CONTINUED: “aq
dialog: 112
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: (grins, then:)
dialog: I apologize for not calling you,
dialog: when you were in the middle of the
dialog: trial.
dialog: (Irwin shrugs it off)
dialog: Hell, I just didn't want anyone to
dialog: know I knew you.
text: Irwin smiles.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: I have to say, I think going after
dialog: those men in Burundi was the right
dialog: thing to do. Disobeying an order to
dialog: do it, I'm not so sure about--
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You're not here to talk about that.
text: Wheeler shakes his head.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: I‘m here to see if you’ve lost your
dialog: mind.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - OUTER OFFICE - DAY 112
text: A TRUSTEE brings the mail to Winter's SECRETARY.
speaker_heading: TRUSTEE
dialog: Morning, Miss Kelly.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Morning, Danny.
text: The trustee points to the letter on top of the pile.
speaker_heading: TRUSTEE
dialog: I found that one just laying on the
text: floor in the hall.
text: CLOSE ON THE ENVELOPE: It's addressed to Colonel Winters,
dialog: Personal and Confidential, Read by 12:00.
text: The secretary looks at the wall clock. It's 11:55.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: 1i5
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. VISITOR'S CENTER - CONTACT ROOM - DAY 113
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You want to know if I've lost my
dialog: mind? I punched the Commandant of
text: the USDB ten feet from freedom, what
dialog: do you think?
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: I think Colonel Edwin Winter is a
dialog: royal pain in the ass and you'd be
dialog: hard pressed to find anyone who's
dialog: ever worked with him who doesn't
dialog: want to shake your hand right now.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 114
text: Winter looks over the envelope, looks at the clock. 11:58.
text: He slits open the letter with an opener, pulls out two sheets
text: of paper, unfolds them.
text: CLOSE ON THE TOP SHEET. Handwriting reads: We are in
dialog: position to take Wheeler. If you do not come to the Visitor's
dialog: Center and resign to him in my presence by 12:10 PM, he will
dialog: become our prigoner.
scene_heading: INT. VISITOR'S CENTER - CONTACT ROOM - DAY 115
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: He's more than just a pain in the
dialog: ass, Jim.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: Look, Lee, I don't like him, you
dialog: don't like him, no one back in D.C.
dialog: likes him. But, he's getting the
dialog: job done. His numbers are too good.
dialog: As far as the Pentagon is concerned,
dialog: he’s untouchable.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: A murderer is untouchable?
scene_heading: . LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: They're saying that was some mix up
dialog: in the handling of the ammunition.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Four times in two years?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED:
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: “11s
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: I_know it’s suspicious, but suspicion
dialog: alone isn’t gonna cut it, you know
dialog: that. Do you have any Proof?
dialog: Anything that would stand up ata
dialog: Court-martial?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (beat, sighs)
dialog: No. I don't.
text: Silence between the two old friends. Wheeler nods, starts
text: to push back his chair.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Perhaps I better be going...
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Sit down.
text: Wheeler looks at him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont 'd)
dialog: I've been here two months, you're my
dialog: first visitor and we've got ten
dialog: minutes left. Sit down.
text: Wheeler grins, sits back down.
scene_heading: 116 INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 116
dialog: Winter is
text: scanning the Yard with the binoculars. Peretz is
text: talking into a radio.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: All teams, this is a full SORT alert
text: and confidence is high.
scene_heading: 117 INT. VISITOR'S CENTER - CONTACT ROOM - DAY 117
text: Wheeler looks at Irwin.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Look, Lee, can I give you some advice?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN .
dialog: Would it make any difference if f
dialog: said no?
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Of course not.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT. USDB - VARIOUS LOCATIONS 118
text: VARIOUS SHOTS: GUARDS putting on Kevlar vests, RIFLES being
text: pulled out of a hidden storage closet, GAS MASKS being yanked
dialog: off hooks.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 119
text: Peretz is scanning the Yard with binoculars.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: I see no indication, sir,
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Of course not. He'll keep it hidden
text: until the last possible second.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is how it begins, Lieutenant.
dialog: In all the books, about all the
dialog: battles, this is how it always begins.
text: In silence.
scene_heading: EXT. USDB ENTRANCE - DAY 120
text: The WHITE TEAM of TWENTY SOLDIERS, with gas masks and RIFLES
text: (the only team with rifles), gets into position outside the
text: gate. The TEAM LEADER keys his radio mike.
scene_heading: WHITE TEAM LEADER
dialog: White Team set.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING HALLWAY - DAY 121
text: The BLUE TEAM of TWENTY SOLDIERS is hunkered down by doors
text: to the Yard, ready with batons.
speaker_heading: BLUE TEAM LEADER
dialog: Blue set.
scene_heading: INT. VISITOR'S CENTER HALLWAY - DAY 122
text: The RED TEAM crouch-walks silently to positions outside the
text: doors into the Visitor's Center.
scene_heading: - RED TEAM LEADER
dialog: Red set.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. VISITOR'S CENTER - CONTACT ROOM - DAY 123
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: All i'm saying is, keep your head
dialog: down and stay clear of him and you'll
dialog: be out of here by next Christmas.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 124
text: Winter eyes the wall clock. 12:08. The minute hand clicks to
dialog: 12:09.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Go!
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Red go!
scene_heading: INT. VISITOR'S CENTER - CONTACT ROOM - DAY 125
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Take up a hobby or--
text: THE DOORS fling open. The RED TEAM charges in, batons up.
speaker_heading: RED TEAM LEADER
text: DOWN! DOWN! ON THE FLOOR! NOW!
text: Wheeler is stunned. Irwin quickly drops to the floor, hands
text: behind his neck. FOUR SOLDIERS grab Wheeler, drag him off.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 126
text: The INMATES in the Yard turn as...
text: The BLUE TEAM comes running out of the Administration
dialog: Building.
text: In the GUN TOWERS, the GUNMEN have their rifles up and are
text: scanning the Yard through their scopes.
text: wail. The INMATES start to get down.
text: HEAVY IRON DOORS in the Administration Building swing open
text: with a clang. The inmates turn. Out of the building rolls...
text: A CANNON pushed by SIX GUARDS. A CANNON OPERATOR rides on
text: top, manning the controls.
text: The inmates start laying flat. Too late.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 126
text: The CANNON fires.
text: The inmates are hit full-blast by pressurized water. They're
text: picked up, sent tumbling.
text: The Blue Team moves to the sides of the cannon’s blast.
text: They wail on anyone stupid enough to try to run.
text: The cannon rolls out further into the Yard, the operator
text: turning the control wheels, sweeping the jet-spray over any
text: prisoner still standing.
text: Yates lays flat, getting spattered with water and mud.
text: The cannon sweeps back and forth, until there's no one left
text: standing except the guards. The operator releases the
text: txigger. The water stops.
scene_heading: EXT. USDB ENTRANCE - DAY 127
text: The FOUR RED TEAM men haul WHEELER out of the gate and hustle
text: him toward an ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIER, door open. The
text: WHITE TEAM falls back, rifles leveled, covering them.
text: Wheeler is pushed into the APC and it takes off, door closing
text: as it goes.. The White Team scans the gate, the walls, looking
dialog: for anything that moves.
scene_heading: INT. VISITOR'S CENTER - CONTACT ROOM - DAY 128
text: Irwin is still on the floor. As his hands are pulled behind
text: him and cuffed, he grins.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD APPROACHING THE PRISON - MINUTES LATER 129
text: Wheeler is standing outside of the APC, reaming Colonel
text: Winter. Peretz is over by their jeep, on the radio. Winter
text: is looking out at the APCs and response teams as Wheeler
text: goes at him. There’s something in Winter’s eyes -- a
text: realization -- that almost makes him smile.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: You thought he was going to try to
dialog: take me hostage?! Are you serious?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: We had a note to that effect, sir.
dialog: Apparently it was just a hoax.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: gs.
speaker_heading: 129 CONTINUED: 123
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: And you didn’t consider that before
dialog: you had my ass dragged out of there?
dialog: I almost had a fucking heart attack!
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: It was an overreaction on my part,
dialog: sir.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Overreaction?! I’m starting to think
dialog: maybe you're the one who’s delusional,
dialog: Colonel.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Yes, sir, I can see how you might
dialog: think that.
text: Peretz signals Winter.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Sir, could you excuse me for a moment?
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Well... All right.
text: Winter walks over to Peretz.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Sir, we've found no weapons on anyone.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Of course not.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
text: Looks like he was trying to bluff
dialog: you, Colonel.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Bluff me?
text: Winter isn’t so sure.
scene_heading: : LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Colonel; I’d like to get out of here!
text: Winter walks back to Wheeler. Wheeler has calmed down.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: Ed, it's my judgement that Lee Irwin
dialog: is as sane as you or I.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 129 CONTINUED: (2) . 129
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: Ee hit you because he doesn't like
dialog: you, not because he’s losing his
dialog: mind.
text: Winter nods.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: However, this is your facility, and
dialog: if you still think he should be
dialog: transferred out of here, I‘1l back
dialog: you up.
text: Winter thinks about that for a moment. He looks at the
text: Castle, at his men.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: No, sir. Upon further reflection,
dialog: this is... this is exactly where he
dialog: should be.
scene_heading: 130 EXT. THE YARD - DAY 130
text: SEVEN HUNDRED MEN drop forward as one and begin pushups.
text: Dellwo, Cyrus and Duffy stand together, looking disheartened.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (0.S.)
dialog: Who died?
text: Irwin walks up.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Sorry, sir, but-- He beat us!
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN.
dialog: He did?
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: He called our bluff and he hit us
dialog: hard!
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Exactly what I hoped he’d do.
dialog: They look at him -- what?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: You see, gentlemen, now we know what
text: weapons he has and how he uses them.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 131
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL - NIGHT
text: The mess hall usually sits three hundred. There are three
text: times that many men there now, lining the walls, sitting on
dialog: the floor.
text: Irwin looks over at...
text: NIEBOLT and MCLAREN, the guards on duty. They look back at
text: Irwin. Their eyes lock for a moment. Niebolt and McLaren
text: turn and walk out of the room, the doors shutting behind
dialog: them.
text: Thumper and Miguel slide into position at the doors. Irwin
text: gives Dellwo a look. Dellwo stands.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
scene_heading: TEN-HUT!
text: The room goes dead silent. Irwin steps up on a table.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Good evening, men.
speaker_heading: THE MEN
scene_heading: SIR, GOOD EVENING, SIRi
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: We don’t have much time. I would
dialog: like to read something to you.
dialog: (pulls folded piece of
dialog: paper from his pocket)
dialog: I copied this down in the library.
dialog: It's from the United States Uniform
dialog: Code of Military Justice, Subchapter
dialog: 22, Section 901, Article 14. Grounds
dialog: for Removal of a Stockade or
dialog: Disciplinary Barracks Commandant.
dialog: The men ch .
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: (loud, over the men)
dialog: The Commandant of a stockade or
dialog: disciplinary barracks may be removed
dialog: from duty due to any of the following:
dialog: {the men quiet)
dialog: Item 1: Dereliction of duty. Item
dialog: 2: Criminal malfeasance. Item 3:
dialog: Actions injurious to the welfare of
dialog: his men. Item 4: Actions injurious
dialog: to the welfare of the inmates.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 131
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 8B.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 131
dialog: c i e" ' e
text: douder as Irwin goes through the list.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: (yelling to be heard)
dialog: Item 5: Cruel and unusual punishment
dialog: of the inmates. Item 6: Any action
dialog: or non-action which brings dishonor
dialog: to the armed forces of the United
dialog: States of America. Item 7.
dialog: (the. men are too loud)
dialog: Item 7!
text: Dellwo motions the men to quiet down. The room goes silent.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: Item 7: Loss of control of his
dialog: facility.
text: The_men explode with cheers. Irwin folds the piece of paper
text: and tucks it back in his pocket.
text: Yates is there, and he’s probably the only one not yelling
text: and cheering. He's just looking at Irwin.
scene_heading: INT. IRWIN‘’S CELL - NIGHT 132
text: Irwin is drawing on the wall with a piece of chalk. With
text: him is his core cadre: Dellwo, Cyrus, Duffy, Enriquez and
text: Doc. As Irwin draws, he speaks, and it’s a speech we've
dialog: heard before...
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: The first castles were the walled
dialog: cities of Mesopotamia built over
dialog: 8,000 years ago. Castles haven’t
dialog: changed much down the centuries.
dialog: There have always been walls and
text: gates and men to guard them. Castle
dialog: walls have always held high ground
dialog: positions to fire from and places to
dialog: run a flag. The only difference
dialog: between this castle and the countless
dialog: others built over the last 8,000
dialog: years is that they were built to
dialog: keep people out. This castle was
dialog: built to keep people in. But it’s
dialog: still a castle. And the secret to
text: taking it is gaining control of the
dialog: one thing battle-planners have always
dialog: wanted to control.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 89.
dialog: “132
dialog: boc
dialog: A nuclear arsenal?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: The High Ground. We do that and we
dialog: will take the day. We don’t and we
dialog: lose.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: We've got to get to the top of the
dialog: Admin Building?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: No. 1/11 explain later.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: What I don’t get is, even if we do
dialog: manage to “take the high ground” and
dialog: all that, aren’t they just gonna
dialog: send in the National Guard?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: No. They’1ll send in the 1st Battalion
dialog: of the 506th out of the Combined
dialog: Arms Center.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Whoa, General. I think we're good,
dialog: but the CAC 506th is one of the most
text: serious outfits in the whole army.
dialog: We can’t take them.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: We don‘t have to.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: You know what happens to a captain
dialog: in the Navy if his ship runs aground?
text: He loses his command.
dialog: (neds at drawing)
text: By calling in the cavalry, Colonel
dialog: Winter will let the world know he's
text: run his ship aground.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Reason number seven for removal of a
dialog: commandant: Loss of control of his
dialog: facility.
text: They all like the sound of that. Irwin tosses a cupful of
text: water onto the chalk drawing and the lines run. He pulls
text: out a folded sheet of paper, hands it to Dellwo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) “132
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: We're going to need some things.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A SERIES OF SHOTS: : 133
text: An INMATE in the kitchen slips some METAL FUNNELS into his
dialog: jumpsuit.
text: JINX cuts an electrical cord off a table lamp in the library.
text: INMATES squirrel away their peaches at dinner time and later
text: give them to CYRUS in his cell.
text: In the hospital, DOC stuffs bags of SURGICAL TUBING into his
dialog: jumpsuit.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DAY 134
text: Winter is looking out the window at the men marching in
text: formation in the Yard. The number has grown. Peretz is
text: reporting to him.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: ...and the hospital is reporting
text: twenty packs of surgical tubing
dialog: Missing.
dialog: Winter says nothing.
speaker_heading: LT. PERETZ (cont'd)
dialog: Sir, it looks like they’re preparing
dialog: for something.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Obviously.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: If we gave the population a 96-hour
dialog: lockdown, tossed their cells, dida
dialog: thorough search of the Yard, we could--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: No.
text: Winter lifts up binoculars, peers at the men marching. Peretz
text: steps up beside him.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: My count thirty minutes ago was
text: approximately six hundred men.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 134
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : “134
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
text: Close. It’s 611.
dialog: (scanning with binoculars)
dialog: But right now I'm more interested in
dialog: the men who aren't marching than the
dialog: ones who are.
dialog: (beat)
text: Standing alone under Tower 3. Who's
dialog: that?
text: Winter hands the binoculars to Peretz. BINOCULAR POV shows
text: YATES standing alone against the wall, writing in his book.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Yates.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Why isn’t he marching?
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Marching calls for a man to walk
dialog: upright. Which I doubt Yates is
dialog: capable of.
text: Winter takes back the binoculars, looks at Yates.
speaker_heading: LT. PERETZ (cont'd)
dialog: Yates is a lowlife, sir. A hustler.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: What's that book he's writing in?
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: That's his Book, sir.
dialog: (off Winter's hard look)
text: His gambling Book. He takes bets.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: On what?
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Anything. Fights. The weather. He
dialog: even took bets on whether or not
dialog: Irwin was going to kill himself.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (brightens)
dialog: TI want to see his file.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 135 INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 135
text: Winter is going through Yates' file. Yates sits across from
dialog: hin.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: You were studying military law, post-
dialog: grad, at the Point, then switched to
dialog: the Air Force Academy. Why was that?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Fewer jokes about pilots.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Don't see too many pilots around
dialog: here.
dialog: (back to file)
dialog: Graduated 1990... Rose to rank of
dialog: Captain... Served in the Gulf...
dialog: Somalia... Training exercise with
dialog: the Royal Canadian Air Force which
dialog: ended in... court-martial. Why was
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: {re: file)
dialog: It's in there.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (shuts file)
dialog: I want to hear your version.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: My version is the same as theirs.
dialog: Guilty as charged.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: We don't see too many of those around
dialog: here, either.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: My crew and I went on a hike on
dialog: Vancouver Island.
dialog: We came across a shitload of magic
text: mushrooms.
dialog: (off Winter’s look)
dialog: Psilocybin. It’s a hallucinogen.
dialog: Anyway, we tried to bring ‘em back
dialog: to the States and we got caught.
text: Winter opens the file, reads on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 135 CONTINUED:
dialog: 93.
dialog: “135
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: There's more in here.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Okay, I got caught. In hope of a
dialog: lower sentence, I helped JAG nail my
dialog: crew.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Yet the Court-martial still gave you
dialog: six years.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: How does the saying go? "Military
dialog: justice is to justice as military
dialog: music is to music."
text: Winter gives a thin-lipped smile, reads the file.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: It says here your father was a Pow
dialog: with Irwin. Is that correct?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: And yet, despite what I can only
dialog: assume would be a favorable impression
dialog: of him, you haven't seen fit to join
dialog: Mr. Irwin's...
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Army.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: For lack of a better word. Why is
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: It's not my fight.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Mr. Irwin is in a fight?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: It's the nature of the beast, Colonel.
dialog: Every soldier needs a war; every war
dialog: requires an enemy, and you seem to
dialog: have volunteered for the job.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 135 CONTINUED:
dialog: 94.
dialog: (2) “135
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I see. And what would you have done
dialog: in my place?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Just what you did -- tried to get
dialog: him out of here.
dialog: But I wouldn’t have stopped trying
dialog: until he was gone. The fact you've
dialog: stopped makes me think you want him
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Mr. Irwin is a clever man, but he is
text: not invulnerable.
dialog: (eyes Yates)
dialog: All I need is information, Mr. Yates.
dialog: Which is why I want you to reconsider
dialog: your decision not to join Mr. Irwin's
dialog: crusade.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: You want me to be your snitch?
scene_heading: . COLONEL WINTER
dialog: My informant’.
speaker_heading: YATES .
dialog: Any way you phrase it, no, thanks.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I can make your life here better,
dialog: Mr. Yates.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: You're gonna get me into the wood
dialog: shop? Gee, thanks. I've got less
dialog: than a year left on my bit, Colonel.
dialog: The only thing I want is to go home.
dialog: Unless you're going te give me early
dialog: release, we've got nothing to talk
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I can also make your life here worse.
text: Yates looks at him.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 136
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - 3RD TIER - NIGHT 136
text: Yates sits on his bunk, reading a book, his cell door shut.
text: He looks up as Irwin walks up to his door, flanked by Dellwo,
text: Cyrus, Duffy and Enriquez.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I‘m in lockdown. No visitors.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: What did the Colonel want?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: My recipe for shortbread. What the
dialog: fuck do you think he wanted? He
dialog: wanted me to join your band of merry
dialog: men so I could tell him what you're
dialog: up to.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: And what did you say?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Should I believe you?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I could give a shit.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You should have said yes. You could
dialog: have gotten me some information.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: What is it today? Why does everybody
dialog: think I’m gonna be their snitch?
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: ‘Cause you did it before?
text: Yates looks up at Dellwo, then back to his book.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: We could use your help, Yates.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Is there some kind of sound barrier
dialog: here so you can’t hear what I'm
dialog: saying? I’m not gonna be anyone’s
dialog: spy, I’m not gonna be anyone’s snitch--
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 136 CONTINUED:
dialog: 96.
dialog: “136
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Not that. There’s another skill you
dialog: possess.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: What -- you want me to run a Book?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I’1l1 tell you once you're onboard.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Will you help us?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Fuck, no.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: For the same reason I said no to the
dialog: Colonel: You can’t give me what I
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: And what’s that?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Freedom.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Really. I thought you might want
dialog: something more than that.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Something more than freedom? What
dialog: in God's name would that be?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Your honor.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You think you can give me back my
dialog: honor? |
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Good luck.
speaker_heading: SGT. MCLAREN (O.8.)
dialog: Get away from the cell! The prisoner
dialog: is in lockdown!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 136 CONTINUED: (2) 136
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: We're moving!
dialog: (to Irwin)
dialog: We don’t need him. Diefenbaker can
dialog: do it.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Diefenbaker? You're looking for a
dialog: stickman?
dialog: 137
text: Irwin says nothing, starts off.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: Don’t get Diefenbaker! Christ, he’s
dialog: Navy. You're doomed.
text: Irwin grins as he walks. Then he slows, looks back at Yates.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: How many times I gotta tell you: I
dialog: only look out for myself.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You keep saying that enough and one
dialog: day you're going to believe it.
text: Irwin walks on. Yates watches him go, then goes back to his
dialog: book.
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS 137
text: DELLWO sits in his cell collecting PENNIES from inmates.
text: An INMATE uses a home-made hacksaw blade to cut a length of
text: metal off his bed frame.
text: Irwin is pulling an empty laundry bag through the air. He
text: notices rattling. He slows, looks up at THE CHAINS holding
dialog: the bag.
text: An INMATE is in his cell braiding strips of bedsheets into
dialog: ropes.
dialog: A few cells down, TWO INMATES use i i
text: to cover the sound of them bending strips of metal.
text: Over at the WEIGHT PILE, THUMPER and CUTBUSH surreptitiously
text: use a free-weight to snap the ends off the bolts holding the
dialog: bench press together.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 137
text: CYRUS and DELLWO are standing by the wooden bleachers by the
text: baseball diamond, quietly removing some screws.
scene_heading: INT. CYRUS' CELL - NIGHT 138
text: Irwin zips on a straw sticking out of a half-quart Ziploc
text: bag full of murky liquid. Cyrus watches him. Doc, Dellwo,
text: Enriquez, and Duffy are there as well. Irwin's eyes go wide,
text: then start to water. He gasps. Cyrus smiles.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: A striking little domestic. I thought
dialog: you'd be amused by its presumption
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Goed Lord, what is it?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: It started out as good old fashioned
dialog: Jack, then I added a little grapefruit
dialog: and tomato.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Are they all this... potent?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Actually, that's one of the lighter
dialog: ones -- the Bartles and Jaymes of
dialog: the lot.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: How many bags total?
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Thirty-six.
text: Irwin nods, passes the bag to Doc.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Take a sip and pass it along. If
dialog: it's poison then at least we'll all
dialog: go together.
text: Doc takes a sip, chokes, passes the bag on. It goes around
text: the cell, ending with Cyrus.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: Now seal it.
dialog: Cyrus does.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: Let that be the first one used.
text: They all look at him.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Tomorrow.
text: Their grins spread wide.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 139
text: Inmates on the weight pile, tending the garden, playing
dialog: basketball.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DAY 140
text: Winter and Peretz look down upon the scene.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: It’s going off today.
text: Winter crosses to his desk.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: How do you know?
text: Winter takes out a key, unlocks a drawer in his desk.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: For the first time in a week, nobody’s
dialog: doing anything suspicious.
text: Winter pulls a holster and service revolver out of his desk.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Prepare the men.
text: Winter straps on the gun.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 141
text: Empty, late in the afternoon, the sun heading down.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY - DAY 142
text: The end of shift horn sounds. MCCLINTOCK climbs into a vat,
text: shuts it. ST. CYR climbs into another vat, pulls the cover
dialog: shut.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 143
text: Irwin looks out over the Yard. Some INMATES are heading in
text: for dinner; others are spread out in small groups, by
text: themselves. Nothing out of the ordinary.
text: An INMATE with a baseball glove bounces a rubber ball off
dialog: the wall.
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - DAY 144
text: FOUR GUARDS enter, hear dripping. They see water puddling
text: on the floor. They look up, see water sheeting down in a
text: thin curtain from the 6th Tier. The guards start up the
text: stairs, batons ready.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY - DAY 145
text: Empty, quiet. McClintock and St. Cyr climb out of their
text: vats, look around. McClintock goes to one of the chains
text: dangling from the overhead track, grabs hold of the chain,
text: starts climbing up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY 146
text: The inmate with the baseball glove tosses the ball to a friend
text: and heads into the Tiers.
scene_heading: INT. 6TH TIER - DAY 147
text: The four guards reach the top of the stairs and come out
text: onto the 6th Tier. Water covers the dimpled metal walkway.
text: The guards peer into the cells as they walk. Every cell is
text: empty, toilets plugged with sheets, water bubbling out.
text: Halfway down the Tier, one cell is dark -- no light spilling
text: out onto the walkway. They head for that cell. They do not
dialog: see...
text: BLACK SHOELACES, tied together, stretched across the walkway.
text: THE FIRST TWO GUARDS trip, go down onto the wet metal floor.
text: One of the OTHER GUARDS looks into the dark cell, sees...
text: JINX, standing on his bed, holding a coil of electrical cord,
text: one end wired into the ceiling lamp socket. The other end
text: spits sparks. Jinx drops the cord.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Get up--!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 74
dialog: ~~
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 178
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 174
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (to trebuchet team)
dialog: Left turn! Thirty degrees!
text: puffy and Enriquez swing the trebuchet left.
text: METAL DOORS on the side of the Administration Building clang
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWERS - DUSK 175
text: ginx and the other inmates have bashed @ two-foot hole in
text: the shower wall. Jinx climbs into the hole. Another inmate
text: hands him a flashlight. Jinx drops down out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD TIER - DUSK 176
text: A pail over 4 fire is white hot. An INMATE uses a wooden
text: handle to grab the pail handle. He heads out. He's joined
text: by three other guys with white-hot pails. They hurry for
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 177
text: THE CANNON, turbines whirxing, comes rolling out of the
text: Administration Building, flanked by FORTY GUARDS with shields,
text: the CANNON OPERATOR in the control seat, turning the wheels.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (to the trebuchet crew)
dialog: Right turn! Double time!
text: Duffy and Enriquez start pivoting the catapult.
text: THE INMATES guarding the trebuchet form four walls between
text: the cannon and the trebuchet.
text: THE CANNON OPERATOR takes aim, pulls the trigger.
text: The blast of pressurized water hits the first wall of men.
text: They angle their shields pack, letting the water ramp up off
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’ S OFFICE - DUSK 178
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Their feet, goddamn it! Go for their
dialog: feet!
text: Peretz clicks on his radio.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: {NUED: (2) "136
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: We'xe moving!
dialog: (to Trwin)
dialog: We don’t need hin. piefenbaker can
dialog: do it.
speaker_heading: | YATES
dialog: piefenbaker? You're looking for 4
dialog: stickman?
speaker_heading: 1
text: jin says nothing, starts off.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: Don't get piefenbaker! Christ, he’s
dialog: ' Navy. you're doomed.
text: win grins as he walks- Then he slows, looks back at Yates.
speaker_heading: ' GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: How many times T gotta tell you: T
dialog: only look out for myself.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN :
dialog: oo You keep saying that enough and one
dialog: day you're going to pelieve it.
text: alks on. yates watches him go, then goes pack to his
dialog: ixwin wi
dialog: 900k.
scene_heading: aA SERIES oF SHOTS 137
text: DELLWO sits in his cell collecting PENNIES from inmates -
text: an INMATE uses a home-made hacksaw blade to cut a length of
text: metal off his bed frame- .
text: Irwin is pulling an empty jaundry bag through the aix- He
text: notices ing. He slows, looks up at THE CHAINS holding
dialog: the bag-
text: pan INMATE is in his cell praiding strips of pedsheets into
dialog: ropes. -
dialog: a few cells down, TWO INMATES use 4 i
text: to cover the sound of them pending strips of metal.
text: over at the WEIGHT PILE, THUMPER and CUTBUSH surreptitiously
text: use a free-weight to snap the ends off the polts holding the
dialog: fnnch press together -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 104.
dialog: “154
dialog: 155
dialog: 1rews -
dialog: alleti
dialog: place:
dialog: che
dialog: gam.
dialog: ix aim
dialog: ers catcl
dialog: Mu
dialog: Lue.
dialog: . 105.
speaker_heading: TINUED: 154 .
text: AAIEN scanning the Yard through his scope, doesn't see
text: 3 until the last second.
text: > Ziploc hits the wall just below the guntower- It bursts
text: 3 a sheet of flame shoots up-
text: = OTHER FUNNEL cREWS release their first salvos. One bag \
text: ps apart in flight, Leaving an arc of flame. another bag
text: ts the top of a tower, raining fire down. The third bag ret left.
text: ‘es over the wall.
dialog: : wetration Bu
text: ‘TES, to one side of the Yard, looks on, wide-eyed.
scene_heading: qt. WINTER'S OFFICE - puskK 155
text: inter and peretz look down in amazement . hed @ wo- £O
dialog: the hole- BR
text: COLONEL WINTER down out of
dialog: Take them out.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (raising radio) NMATE us
dialog: Go lethal? made out.
dialog: i . The
text: COLONEL WINTER pails
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: 4 (off peretz’s look)
dialog: When we 40, any men we have down
dialog: there will be killed. ap rolling
speaker_heading: y FORTY Gui
scene_heading: . ut. PERETZ seat, cur
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Take out the Launching crews. N
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER ew)
dialog: (muttering) .
dialog: Show your hand, General. Show your
dialog: hand. the catar
scene_heading: ExT. THE YARD - DUSK 156 , form Fo
text: The gunmen in the towers start firing at the funnel crews - iis the t
text: one FUNNEL CREWMAN is hit in the arm with a rubber pullet; «gs the £:
text: drops, howling - ANOTHER INMATE rushes in, takes his place. Zeing th
dialog: Ps
text: The injured man is hustied over against the wall, by the
text: truck gates, where DOC is waiting with his medical team-
text: Another four Ziplocs fly from the funnel teams - Theix aim TER
dialog: is better ~~ all hit the gun towers. Two of the towers catch Go, £0
dialog: ortire. :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: Lust.
dialog: . 29.
speaker_heading: TINUED: 154 .
dialog: 138
text: PRAY scanning che yard through jis scope, doesn't see
dialog: 3 until the last gecond.
text: 2 Ziploc pits the wall just pelow the guntower- It bursts
dialog: ,ia sheet of flame shoots UP-
text: 2 OTHER FUNNEL CREWS release their first galivos- one bag
text: ps apart in flight, jeaving an are of flame. another pag
text: ts the top of a tower, raining fire down. The third bag
text: 1 eg over the wall.
text: {TES, tO one side of the yard, looks on, wide-eyed.
scene_heading: yw. WINTER'S OFFICE - USK 155
dialog: 139
text: inter and peretz look down in amazement -
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Take them out.
dialog: 140
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (raising radio)
dialog: Go Lethal?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: “™ (off peretz's Look)
dialog: When we 4°, any men Wwe ave down
dialog: there will be killed.
speaker_heading: ut. PERETZ
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: take out the Jaunching crews -
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: ghow your hand, General. Show your
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - pusK 156
text: The gunmen in the towers start firing at the funnel crews -
text: one FUNNEL CREWMAN is hit in the arm with a rubber pulleti
text: drops, i . ANOTHER INMATE rushes in, cakes his place- 141
text: The injured man is hustled over against che wall, py the
text: truck gates. where DOC ig waiting with his medical team.
dialog: 42
text: Another four Ziplocs fly from the funnel teams - Their aim
text: 4s better ~~ all hit the gun towers. two of the towers catch
dialog: om ire.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: aldberg
dialog: Lue
dialog: . oo.
speaker_heading: TINUED: 154
text: , SARMBN scanning the yard through his scope: doesn’t see
dialog: 2 Zz until the jast gecond. 143
dialog: |
text: 2 Ziploc hits the wall just pelow the guntower - It bursts nm
text: , ia sheet of flame shoots up.
text: fg OTHER FUNNEL CREWS release their first galvos- one bag
text: 6 apart in flight, jeaving an are of flame. another bag
text: ts the top of a tower, raining fire down. The third bag
text: | jes over the wall
dialog: 144
text: yTES, to one eide of the yard, looks on, wide-eyed:
scene_heading: MT. WINTER'S OFFICE - pUSK 155
text: ' unter and Peretz ook down in amazement -
scene_heading: \ COLONEL WINTER 145
dialog: : Take them out.
scene_heading: ' LT. PERETZ
dialog: ’ (raising radio)
dialog: \ Go lethal?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER 146
dialog: 4 Not yet.
dialog: “™ (off peretz's Look) nd
dialog: : When we do, any men we have down
dialog: there will be killed.
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: ut. PERETZ
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Take out the Launching crews.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Show your hand, General. Show your
dialog: hand. .
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - pUSsK 156
text: The gunmen in the towers start firing at the funnel crews -
text: one FUNNEL ig hit in the arm with a rubber pullet;
text: drops, ing. ANOTHER INMATE rushes in, cakes his place.
text: The injured man is hustled over against the wall, py the
text: truck gates, where poc is waiting with his medical ceam.
text: another four giplocs fly from the funnel teams. Their aim
text: jis better ~~ ali hit the gun towers. Two of the towers catch
speaker_heading: PNire.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: aidberg
dialog: due.
speaker_heading: TINUED: “454
dialog: : scanning the yard through his scope: doesn't gee
text: jg until the last second.
text: 2 Ziploc pits the wall just pelow the guntower- It bursts
text: 4 a sheet of flame shoots UP-
text: g OTHER FUNNEL CREWS release their first salvos: one bag
text: g apart u flight. Jeaving an arc of flame. Another pag
text: ts the top of a tower, yaining fire down. The chird bag
text: res over the wall.
text: WES, to one gide of the yard, looks on: wide-eyed:
scene_heading: AT. WINTER'S OFFICE - puUSsK 155
text: inter and peretz look down in amazement -
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Take them out.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (raising radio)
dialog: Go Lethal?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: on Not yet:
dialog: (off peretz’s look)
dialog: When we do, any men we have down
dialog: there will be killed.
speaker_heading: ut. PERETZ
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Take out the Launching crews.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: show your hand, General. Show your
dialog: hand.
dialog: 156
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - pUSK
text: in the towers the funnel crews.
text: The gunmen start firing at
text: one FUNNEL CREWMAN ig hit
scene_heading: drops, : ANOTHER INMATE ru
text: man is hustled over ag
dialog: where DOC qe waiting
text: in the arm with a rubber pullet;
text: shes in, takes his place-
dialog: ainst the wall, by the
dialog: The injured
text: with his medical team.
text: truck gates.
dialog: from the funnel teams - Their aim
dialog: Ziplocs fly
text: Two of the towers catch
dialog: Another four
text: all hit the gun towers.
dialog: js better ~~
dialog: ire.
speaker_heading: (CONT INUED)
dialog: ray
dialog: .O1-
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: (51
dialog: oldberg
dialog: Luz:
dialog: . 02.
speaker_heading: | TINUED: 154 .
dialog: 151
text: AUMAN, scanning the yard through his scope: doesn't gee
dialog: : 3 until the last gecond.
dialog: ;
text: 2 Ziploc hits the wall just pelow the guntower - It bursts 152
text: 4 a sheet of flame shoots UP-
text: BO EL CREWS release their first galvos- one bag
text: ¢ apart inf ight, leaving an arc of flame. another bag
text: ts the top of a tower, yaining fire down. The third bag
text: es over the wall
text: \TES, to one pide of the yard, looks on, wide-eyed:
scene_heading: aT. WINTER'S OFFICE - pusk 155
text: inter and Peretz look down in amazement -
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Take them out.
scene_heading: LT. PERET2
dialog: (raising radio)
dialog: Go Lethal?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: on Not yet.
dialog: (off peret2's look)
dialog: When we do, yy men we have down
dialog: there will be killed.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Take out the aunching crews:
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: show your hand, General. Show your
dialog: hand.
dialog: 153
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - pusk 156
text: The gunmen in the towers start firing at the funnel crews -
text: one FUNNEL CREWMAN is hit in the arm with @ rubber pulleti
text: drops, i . ANOTHER INMATE rushes in, takes hig place-
text: The injured man is hustled over against the wall, py the
text: truck gates: where DOC js waiting with his medical team-
text: Another four ziplocs fly from the funnel teams. Their aim
text: ig better ~~ all hit the gun towers. two of the towers catch
dialog: wire.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: aidberg
dialog: Lue.
dialog: : 03.
speaker_heading: | TINUED: 354 /
dialog: 153
text: ARAN , scanning the Yard through his scope, doesn't see
text: 3 until the last second.
text: , giploc hits the wall just pelow the guntower - It bursts
dialog: ja sheet of flame ghoots UP-
text: 3 OTHER 1, CREWS release their first galvos- one bag 154
text: gs apart in flight, eaving an are of flame. another bag
text: ts the top of a tower, yaining fire down. The third bag
dialog: es over che wall in.
text: WES, to one side of the yard, Jooks on, wide-eyed:
scene_heading: IT. WINTER'S OFFICE ~- pusk 155
text: inter and peretz ook down in amazement -
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Take them out.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (vaising radio)
dialog: Go Lethal?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Not yet:
dialog: ~~ (off peretz's Look)
dialog: When we do, any men we have down
dialog: there will be killed. :
scene_heading: LT. PBRETZ ‘
dialog: (into yadio)
dialog: Take out the Launching crews -
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Show your hand, General. show your
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - USK 156
text: The gunmen in the towers start firing at the funnel crews.
text: one FUNNEL CREWMAN is hit in the arm with a rubber pullet;
text: drops, : ANOTHER INMATE rushes in, takes his place-
text: The injured man is hustled over against the wall, py the
text: truck gates: where poc is waiting with his medical team.
text: Another four Ziplocs fly from the funnel teams. Their aim
text: is better ~~ ali hit the gun towers. Two of the towers catch
dialog: wrtire.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: ‘Idberg
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 178
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 174
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (ro trebuchet team)
dialog: Left turn! Thirty degrees!
text: puffy and Enriquez swing the trebuchet left.
text: METAL DOORS on the side of the administration Building clang
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWERS - DUSK 175
text: ginx and the other inmates have bashed a two-foot hole in
text: the shower wall. oinx climbs into the hole. Another inmate
text: hands him a flashlight. Jinx drops down out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD TIER - pUSK 176
text: A pail over @ fire is white hot. An INMATE uses a wooden
text: handle to grab the pail handle. He heads out. He's joined
text: py three other guys with white-hot pails. They hurry for
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 177
text: THE CANNON, turbines whirring, comes rolling out of the
text: pdministration Building, flanked by FORTY GUARDS with shields,
text: the CANNON OPERATOR in the control seat, turning the wheels.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (to the trebuchet crew)
dialog: Right turn! Dbouble time!
text: Duffy and Enriquez start pivoting the catapult.
text: THE INMATES guarding the trebuchet form four walls between
text: the cannon and the trebuchet .
text: THE CANNON OPERATOR takes aim, pulls the trigger.
text: The blast of pressurized water hits the first wall of men.
text: They angle their shields back, letting the water ramp UP off
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - puUsK 178
scene_heading: "COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Their feet, goddamn it! Go for their
dialog: feet!
text: Peretz clicks on his radio-
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: “474
scene_heading: .74 CONTINUED :
dialog: a
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 178
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (to crebuchet team)
dialog: Left turn! thirty degrees!
text: puffy and Enriquez swing the trebuchet left.
text: METAL DOORS on the side of the Administration Building clang
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWERS - DUSK 175
text: ginx and the other inmates have bashed @ two-foot hole in
text: the shower wall. Jinx climbs into the hole. Another inmate
text: hands him a flashlight. Jinx drops down out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD TIER - DUSK 176
text: A pail over 4 fire is white hot. An INMATE uses & wooden
text: handle to grab the pail fhandle. He heads out. He's joined
text: py three other guys with white-hot pails. They hurry for
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 477
text: THE CANNON, rbi 1 , comes rolling out of the
text: pdministration Building, flanked by FORTY GUARDS with shields,
text: the CANNON OPERATOR in the control seat, turning the wheels.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRW IN
dialog: (to the trebuchet crew)
dialog: Right turn! Double time!
text: puffy and Enriquez start pivoting the catapult.
text: THE INMATES guarding the trebuchet form four walls between
text: the cannon and the txrebuchet.
text: THE CANNON OPERATOR takes aim, pulls the trigger.
text: The blast of pressurized water hits the first wall of men.
text: They angle their shields pack, letting the water ramp UP off
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’ S OFFICE - DUSK 178
scene_heading: "COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Their feet, goddamn it! Go, for their
dialog: feet!
text: peretz clicks on his radio.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 74
dialog: o~
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: , 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 174
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (to trebuchet team)
dialog: Left turn! Thirty degrees!
text: puffy and Enriquez swing the trebuchet left.
text: METAL DOORS on the side of the administration Building clang
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWERS - DUSK 175
text: ginx and the other inmates have bashed a two-foot hole in
text: the shower wall. Jinx climbs into the hole. Another inmate
text: hands him a flashlight - ginx drops down out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD TIER - DUSK 176
text: A pail over 4 fire is white hot. An INMATE uses 4 wooden
text: handle to grab the pail handle. He heads out. He's joined
text: py three other guys with white-hot pails. they hurry for
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 177
text: i i , comes rolling out of the
text: Administration Building, flanked by FORTY GUARDS with shields,
text: the CANNON OPERATOR in the control seat, turning the wheels.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (to the trebuchet crew)
dialog: Right turn! Double time!
text: Duffy and Enriquez start pivoting the catapult.
text: THE INMATES guarding the trebuchet form four walls between
text: the cannon and the trebuchet .
text: THE CANNON OPERATOR takes aim, pulls the trigger -
text: The blast of pressurized water hits the first wall of men.
text: They angle their shields pack, letting the water ramp up off
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - pusK 178
scene_heading: "COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Their feet, goddamn it! Go, for their
dialog: feet!
text: Peretz clicks on his radio.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: directs
dialog: The wat
dialog: men br
dialog: ater ar
dialog: . THE
dialog: -nmate:
dialog: at ar
dialog: n hig
dialog: It
dialog: en g
dialog: 6 th
dialog: het.
dialog: gets
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 195
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : : 192
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: gouth wall! Now!
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 193
text: Beaupre and his men are halfway UP the wall. CRACK! Tucker
text: is hit, falls. CRACK! Wittbrodt is hit in the leg, keeps
text: climbing. He's jit in the neck, keeps climbing. He's hit
text: in an arm. He holds on with the other. He's hit four more
text: times and he drops.
text: Darnell reaches the top- He dashes to Beaupre, grabs him
text: and pulls him over the top as a hail of Dpullets come in.
text: They drop down behind the parapet, out of the line of fire
text: and crouch-run along the battlement. They get to a tower,
text: start to climb the ladder.
text: The GUNMEN aim all their fire at Beaupre and Darnell.
text: The FUNNEL CREWS launch another salvo of pennies.
text: The GUNMEN see the swarms of hot metal coming and duck.
scene_heading: INT. GUN TOWER - DUSK 194
text: Beaupre and Darnell make it up into the guntower. The gunman
text: who took the pennies to the face js on the floor, whimpering.
text: Beaupre grabs for his rifle. The gunman tries to hold onto
text: it. Beaupre kicks him in the head. The guy goes limp.
text: Beaupre reaches for the rifle put Darnell grabs it first.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: My job.
text: Darnell sights up, starts shooting back at the other tower
text: gunmen .
text: The GUNMEN all get down out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - pusK 195
text: cheers ao up throughout the Lard :
speaker_heading: - GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Remove the casualties!
text: INMATES acting as medics run out, grab DUFFY and the other
text: dead and wounded and carry them over to Doc.
text: There are a HUNDRED MEN, dead and wounded, lined up by the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 195°
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : : 192
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: South wall! Now!
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 193
text: Beaupre and his men are halfway up the wall. CRACK! Tucker
text: is hit, falls. CRACK! Wittbrodt is hit in the leg, keeps
text: climbing. He's hit in the neck, keeps climbing. He's hit
text: in an arm. He holds on with the other. He's hit four more
dialog: times and he drops -
text: Darnell reaches the top. He dashes to Beaupre, grabs him
text: and pulls him over the top as a hail of bullets come in.
text: They drop down behind the parapet, out of the line of fire
text: and crouch-run along the pattlement. They get to a tower,
text: start to climb the ladder.
text: The GUNMEN aim all their fire at Beaupre. and Darnell.
text: The FUNNEL CREWS launch another salvo of pennies.
text: The GUNMEN see the swarms of hot metal coming and duck.
scene_heading: INT. GUN TOWER - DUSK 194
text: Beaupre and Darnell make it up into the guntower. The gunman
text: who took the pennies to the face is on the floor, whimpering.
text: Beaupre grabs for his rifle. The gunman tries to hold onto
text: it. Beaupre kicks him in the head. The guy goes limp.
text: Beaupre reaches for the rifle but Darnell grabs it first.
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: My job-
text: parnell sights up, gtarts shooting back at the other tower
text: gunmen.
text: The GUNMEN all get down out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT, THE YARD - DUSK 195
speaker_heading: : GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Remove the casualties!
text: INMATES acting as medics run out, grab DUFFY and the other
text: dead and wounded and carry them over to Doc.
text: There are a HUNDRED MEN, dead and wounded, lined up by the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 492 CONTINUED: ‘ 192
scene_heading: 4 COLONEL WINTER auste
dialog: South wall! Now! ometh
scene_heading: 193 EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 193
dialog: two
text: Beaupre and his men are halfway up the wall. CRACK! Tucker
text: is hit, falls. CRACK! Wittbrodt is hit in the leg, keeps
text: climbing. He's hit in the neck, keeps climbing. He's hit !
text: in an arm. He holds on with the other. He's hit four more
dialog: times and he drops. \
dialog: i
text: Darnell reaches the top- He dashes to Beaupre, grabs him
text: and pulls him over the top as a hail of bullets come in.
text: They drop down behind the parapet, out of the line of fire i
text: and crouch-run along the battlement. They get to a tower, |
dialog: start to climb the ladder. |
text: The GUNMEN aim all their fire at Beaupre and Darnell. bey :
dialog: f i
text: The FUNNEL CREWS launch another salvo of pennies.
text: The GUNMEN see the swarms of hot metal coming and duck.
scene_heading: 194 INT. GUN TOWER - DUSK 194
text: o Beaupre and Darnell make it up into the guntower. The gunman idio
text: who took the pennies to the face is on the floor, whimpering.
text: Beaupre grabs for his rifle. The gunman tries to hold onto
text: it. Beaupre kicks him in the head. The guy goes limp.
text: Beaupre reaches for the rifle but Darnell grabs it first. ;
speaker_heading: DARNELL BS t
dialog: My job.
text: Darnell sights up, starts shooting back at the other tower
dialog: gunmen. lehre
text: The GUNMEN all get down out of sight. .
scene_heading: 195 EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 195 :
dialog: . i
dialog: r hr. Xi - wait
speaker_heading: - GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Remove the casualties!
text: INMATES acting as medics run out, grab DUFFY and the other
text: dead and wounded and carry them over to Doc.
text: There are a HUNDRED MEN, dead and wounded, lined up by the
dialog: wall. |
dialog: D)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 199
dialog: an
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: ~~
dialog: |
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: ao
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 139
text: TWO HUNDRED GUARDS running through the truck gates. They
text: form up quickly behind the APCs.
text: Now it’s Irwin and the inmates’ turn to stop. The two lines
text: are faced off against each other.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 200
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Forward.
scene_heading: EXT.. THE YARD - DUSK 201
text: The APCs and the guards start forward.
text: Irwin watches, waits, then lifts the radio to his mouth.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Wake the dead.
text: Over by the wall, DOC is holding a radio.
dialog: boc
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Yes, sir!
dialog: (to the dead and wounded)
dialog: Let’s go!
text: EIGHTY of the supposedly injured men get to their feet,
text: shaking off faked bandages, grabbing weapons.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DUSK 202
text: Winter sees the “dead” and “wounded” inmates rise.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Oh, shit.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 203
text: The “dead” and “wounded” attack the guards from behind while
text: the other line of inmates attacks from the front.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 204
text: Winter watches grimly.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: (into radio) |
dialog: Pull back!
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 205
text: The guards and APCs try to back up to the truck gate but the
text: inmates get there first, shutting the gate doors, barring
dialog: retreat.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DUSK 206
text: Peretz looks down, aghast, as the guards and APCs are overrun.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Shall I notify the CAC Command, sir?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: That won't be necessary.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: But, sir--
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Lieutenant, what is it that battle-
dialog: planners have sought from the very
dialog: beginning of warfare?
dialog: Peretz shakes his head -- I don’t know and why are you
dialog: asking...?
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
text: The high ground.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It says so right here.
text: Winter holds up a book. CLOSE ON THE BOOK -- it's Irwin’s
dialog: book on the evolution of battle strategy.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
text: He who holds the high ground takes
dialog: the day.
text: From the distance there’s a_ soft whupwhupwhup, growing louder.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: And here comes our high ground now.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 207
text: Irwin and his men hear the whupwhupwhupwhup. They turn,
dialog: look up as...
text: A HELICOPTER comes over the wall.
dialog: Karen Goidberg
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 208
text: There’s a PILOT and two CREWMEN. One mans a teargas launcher
text: and the other, a .60 mm machine gun.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 209
text: Tear gas canisters start dropping down into the Yard. The
text: GUARDS start laying down. INMATES pull bandanas out of their
text: jumpsuits, put them over their faces, pull gasmasks off the
dialog: guards.
text: The FUNNEL CREWS scoop up the spewing canisters and launch
text: them out of the prison. ONE FUNNEL CREW launches one into
dialog: Winter's office.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 210
text: It hits the far wall. Winter grabs it, chucks it out as he
text: barks into the radio.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Kill anything that moves!
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 211
scene_heading: : MACHINE GUNNER
dialog: (inte headset)
dialog: Yes, sir!
text: He clamps a RED ammo belt into the gun, pulls the trigger.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 212
text: Machine-gun bullets hammer into a funnel crew, taking down
dialog: half.
scene_heading: EXT. GUN TOWER - DUSK 213
text: Darnell can’t get a good shot at the machine gunner.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: Shoot him! .
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I can’t see him!
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 214
text: Pandemonium. The helicopter turns and the machine gunner
text: opens fire on another FUNNEL CREW. Men run, are cut down.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: INT. TIERS ENTRY WAY - DUSK 215
text: Yates watches, aghast.
scene_heading: EXT. GUN TOWER - DUSK 216
text: Darnell still can’t get a line on the machine gunner.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: Just fucking shoot!
speaker_heading: DARNELL
dialog: I might hit the pilot!
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 217
text: The gunner fires down into the Yard with impunity. He senses
text: something, looks up to see...
text: A TWENTY-POUND WEIGHT, launched from the trebuchet.
text: The gunner barely has time to react before the weight hits
text: him, square in the chest. It carries him through the
text: helicopter and out the other door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 218
text: The men watch the machine gunner fall eighty feet to the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 219
text: The pilot instinctively pulls on the cyclic and the helicopter
text: moves away from the trebuchet.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 220
text: Irwin looks over at MCCLINTOCK and ST. CYR, standing by the
text: water cannon -- they give him a thumbs up.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Now!
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DUSK 221
text: Jinx drops the radio, starts spinning the water valve.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 222
text: The helicopter backs away from the trebuchet.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 223
text: The CREWMAN who launched teargas takes over the machine-gun.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 224
text: The water cannon shudders as high pressure water fills its
dialog: system.
text: CLOSE ON THE WATER CANNON BARREL -- a pole sticks out, and
text: on the end of the pole there's a grappling hook.
text: THE HELICOPTER is still backing away from the trebuchet.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 225
text: The new man at the machine-gun takes aim at Irwin and is
dialog: about to shoot when...
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 226
text: WHOOSH! The water cannon fires. The pole shoots up toward
text: the helicopter, trailing 100 FEET OF CHAIN.
text: THE GRAPPLING HOOK stabs into the thin metal underbelly of
text: the helicopter, snagging.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 227
text: The pilot yanks on the cyclic just as the NEW MACHINE-GUNNER
text: fires, his bullets missing Irwin and his men.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 228
text: THE HELICOPTER pulls away; THE CHAIN goes taut, the other
text: end hocked to THE CANNON. The helicopter strains, can't get
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 229
dialog: This Winter was not anticipating.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Get out of there...
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 230
scene_heading: MCCLINTOCK, ST. CYR and EIGHT OTHER INMATES run below the
text: hovering helicopter, swinging grappling hooks at the end of
text: bedsheet ropes. They let them fly. Five fall short. Five
text: hook onto the skids.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: _ 230
text: MCCLINTOCK, ST. CYR and TWO MEN start climbing the ropes. A
text: FIFTH MAN holds a rope, signals Irwin.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Send him out!
scene_heading: INT. TIERS ENTRY WAY - DUSK . 231
text: The INMATE with the radio claps DIEFENBAKER on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: INMATE
dialog: Go!
text: Yates watches Diefenbaker take a breath and push open the
dialog: doors.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 232
text: Diefenbaker runs out into the Yard. He goes to the free
text: bedsheet rope and starts to climb toward the helicopter.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 233
text: Peretz looks on through binoculars.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Who’s that climbing? Who is that?
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Diefenbaker.
dialog: (looks at Winter)
dialog: He’s a pilot.
text: Winter's eyes go wide. He clicks on his radio.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Break that chain! Now!
scene_heading: INT. /EXT.. HELICOPTER - DUSK 234
text: THE PILOT lets the helicopter drop, fast.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 235
text: The men on the ropes are in free fall for a gecond. The
text: helicopter then surges up and away. The men on the bedsheet
text: ropes hold on for dear life. DIEFENBAKER almost lets go,
text: holds on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: 241
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 235
text: THE CHAIN goes taut, snaps, the end whipping through the
dialog: air.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DUSK 236
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: {into radio)
dialog: Get those men off! Do not let them
dialog: board your bird!
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 237
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER PILOT
dialog: Yes, sir!
text: The pilot starts flying sideways toward the wall. He’s going
text: to slam the men on the ropes into the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. GUN TOWER - DUSK 238
text: The helicopter is heading toward Beaupre and Darnell. Darnell
text: still can’t get a clear shot at the gunner.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: For fuck’s sake!
text: Beaupre grabs the rifle from Darnell, takes rough aim at the
text: helicopter and starts shooting.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 239
text: Bullets plug through the hull. Sparks fly, smoke spews.
text: The CREWMAN manning the machine-gun is hit in the back. He
text: spins fast, bringing the machine-gun around.
scene_heading: EXT. GUN TOWER - DUSK 240
text: Darnell and Beaupre see the machine-gun swing around on them.
speaker_heading: BEAUPRE
dialog: Oh, shit...
text: The machine-gun fires. The bullets rip the gun tower to
text: shreds, killing Beaupre and Darnell.
scene_heading: INT. /EXT. HELICOPTER - DUSK 241
text: The crewman on the machine-gun, still bleeding from the neck,
text: blacks out. He falls forward, tumbling half out of the
text: helicopter. He keeps his grip on the machine-gun, which
text: causes it to spin and spit bullets into the cabin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 241
text: The PILOT is hit in the head and slumps to the side.
text: The crewman loses his grip on the machine-gun and falls out
text: of the helicopter, straight down at...
text: DIEFENBAKER, climbing a rope. The crewman slams into
text: Diefenbaker. They drop forty feet to the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 242
text: Everyone stands still, staring at the pilot-less HELICOPTER,
text: belching smoke, making awful clunking sounds, sixty feet off
text: the ground. McClintock, St. Cyr and two others dangle beneath
dialog: it.
text: Irwin looks at the end of the CHAIN, hanging from the
text: helicopter, laying on the ground. The chain is going up
text: into the air, one link at a time.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: It's rising...
dialog: {to McClintock and others)
dialog: Get down! Now!
text: McClintock and the others start climbing down, but the
text: helicopter is climbing faster than they can descend.
text: Irwin watches the end of the chain lift off the ground, swing
text: back and forth under the rising helicopter. Then, out of
text: the corner of his eye, he notices...
text: 4A FIGURE running across the Yard. Irwin turns, sees...
text: YATES, sprinting toward the helicopter.
text: The end of the chain is twelve feet off the ground -- too
dialog: high for Yates to grab. _
text: So Yates leaps, plants one foot on an inmate's hip, the other
text: on a guy's shoulder and springs up high. HIS HANDS grab
text: onto the end of the chain and he swings.
text: THE HELICOPTER starts to sway back and forth as Yates
text: pendulums beneath it. Yates starts up the chain.
text: THE INMATES hanging on the ropes watch him.
text: THE HELICOPTER slips off level, starts sliding to one side.
text: Yates still has twenty feet to go.
text: The helicopter drifts quickly toward the wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 242
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 242
text: Yates has ten feet to go.
text: The helicopter is fifty feet from the wall and closing.
text: Yates gets to the helicopter skid as...
text: THE BLADE TIPS brush against the wall, kicking off sparks.
text: Yates reaches into the helicopter, grabs the cyclic, pulls.
text: The helicopter comes away from the wall.
text: Yates gets half in, banks the chopper back to the center of
dialog: the Yard, gets it stable.
text: CLUNKICLUNK!CLUNK! the engine stops. The helicopter drops.
text: Yates heaves the pilot out of his seat, and then, seemingly
text: against logic, pushes the cyclic forward.
text: The helicopter tilts forward sharply and dives at a steep
text: angle toward the ground.
text: The men hanging from the ropes scream as they sail toward
dialog: impact.
text: Irwin and everyone else watching thinks Yates is insane.
text: Then, at the last possible moment, Yates yanks back on the
dialog: cyclic.
text: The helicopter blades auto-rotate, spinning fast from the
text: sudden rapid drop, briefly slowing the descent.
text: The men on the ropes let go, drop ten feet, scramble clear.
text: Yates braces himself as the helicopter free-falls twenty
text: feet and slams hard to the ground. THE WINDOWS explode and
text: glass flies everywhere.
text: Yates is stunned, blood running from cuts to his face. HANDS
text: grab him and pull him out of the helicopter. The hands belong
dialog: to...
text: McClintock, St. Cyr and the two other men who had been
text: dangling beneath the helicopter -- the men whose lives Yates
text: just saved. They hoist Yates up onto their shoulders.
text: Men are cheering throughout the Yard.
text: Yates looks over, sees Irwin. They share a look. Irwin
text: nods his approval. Yates shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 124,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) © 242
text: Irwin turns to look up at Winter. He raises the radio, clicks
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: Colonel, I have taken your high
dialog: ground. I have taken your men. If
dialog: you try your phone...
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DUSK 243
text: Jinx has the telephone wiring box open and is unplugging
dialog: lines.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 244
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: .»..,you will see that I have taken
dialog: your communications. Try your
dialog: lights...
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DUSK 245
text: ANOTHER INMATE has the breaker panels open and is flipping
dialog: switches.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 246
text: The floodlights around the Yard go out, bank by bank. The
text: lights in Colonel Winter's office go out.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: ...and you will see that I have taken
dialog: your power. Will you relinquish
dialog: your command?
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 247
text: By way of an answer, Winter pulls his pistol, yells in
text: inchoate rage and starts shooting wildly down into the Yard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 248
text: Men near Irwin spook, scatter. Irwin doesn't move.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I'm guessing that would be "no".
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - DUSK 249
text: Winter’s pistol clicks empty. He tosses it onto his desk,
text: takes a breath. He shakes his head, reaches into his
dialog: briefcase.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 249
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 249
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Taken our phones... Has he never
dialog: heard of cell phones?
text: Winter pulls out a cell, dials, turns to Peretz.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Send the signal to the gate crews.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 250
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Let's just take the fucker now!
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
text: He has his best men and weapons in
dialog: there. If we tried to go in it'd be
text: a shooting gallery.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: What’s Winter going to do now?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Right now I suspect he’s calling
text: General Wheeler on his cell phone.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Cell phone?! Shit! Then why'd we
dialog: go to all that trouble taking out
dialog: the phones?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: To disrupt the communications inside.
dialog: Remember, Dell -- we need him to let
dialog: the outside world know what’s going
dialog: on.
text: A.murmur goes through the crowd. People look up at the roof.
speaker_heading: CUTBUSH
dialog: Hey. Look.
text: Irwin and the others look up.
text: ON THE ROOF OF THE ADMINISTRATION BUILDING, Peretz fires A
text: FLARE into the sky.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL - DUSK 251
text: Injured men are laid out on the tables across the mess hall.
text: Over in ome corner, several are laid out on the floor, under
dialog: sheets.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: 251 CONTINUED: “252
text: Irwin is on one knee, looking under a sheet, at DUFFY. He
text: lays the sheet down, stands, walks off. He says a few words
text: to DOC and the men he passes on the tables, thanking them,
text: shaking their hands.
text: YATES is sitting on a table by the door, getting his facial
text: cuts taped up.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Oh, dear God, not your face.
text: Yates looks up, sees Irwin, smirks.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: How are your legs?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: They work.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Then walk with me.
scene_heading: 252 EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 252
text: Darkness is coming. The INMATES are camping out. A DOZEN
text: CAMPFIRES are already burning. Yates and Irwin walk.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Why did you do it?
speaker_heading: YATES
text: A momentary lapse in judgement.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Some of the men are calling you a
dialog: hero.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: They’re idiots. The average IQ in
dialog: this place is right around housecat.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You could pull extra time for getting
dialog: involved.
dialog: (Yates shrugs)
dialog: What's your wife going to say?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: “Yippee!”
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: "252
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: (off Irwin’s look)
dialog: She's not going to be my wife for
dialog: much longer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We started out well. When I got
dialog: promoted to captain, she saluted me
dialog: all the time. I’d come out of the
dialog: crapper and there she'd be, with a
dialog: real sharp salute. She was very
dialog: funny. But it wasn’t just a joke.
dialog: She was really proud of me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When the thing happened in Canada,
text: she was pretty pissed. Smuggling
dialog: the mushrooms didn't bother her that
dialog: much -- she just thought that was
dialog: stupid. It was cooperating with JAG
dialog: to get a shorter bit. She thought
dialog: that was... dishonorable. And she
dialog: was right.
text: They walk on in silence for a moment. Cyrus hurries up.
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: General, they're here.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DUSK 253
text: A ROPE LADDER leads to the top of the wall. Cyrus, Irwin
text: and Yates climb up. Dellwo is waiting.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: They started arriving a few minutes
dialog: ago.
text: Irwin and Yates lock out to see...
text: HUNDREDS OF VEHICLES out beyond the perimeter fence -- TANKS,
text: APCs, TROOP TRUCKS, HUMVEES. A DOZEN HELICOPTERS are landing,
text: taking off, hovering.
text: Irwin notices something out of the corner of his eye.
text: PERETZ is on the roof, by the flagpole, folding up the flag.
text: He locks back at Irwin, then heads for the stairs with the
dialog: flag.
speaker_heading: DELLWO (cont'd)
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 255
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: "253
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: We'll give General Wheeler a few
dialog: minutes to get settled, then we'll
dialog: give him a call.
scene_heading: EXT. BEYOND PERIMETER FENCE - BATTALION CP - NIGHT 254
text: WHEELER is looking at the prison through binoculars. A
text: CORPORAL trots up with a cell phone.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Sir, we got a call patched through
text: from CAC HQ. It's him. It's Irwin.
text: Wheeler takes the phone, motions the corporal to leave.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: Well, Lee, I see you've been busy.
scene_heading: INT. THE TIERS - GROUND FLOOR - BY PHONE - CROSSCUT 255
text: Irwin is on the payphone. Above him we see the cells of the
text: Tiers filled with GUARDS. INMATES patrol.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You said I should take up a hobby.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: I was thinking more along the lines
dialog: of woodworking.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Have you spoken to Colonel Winter
dialog: yet?
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I’m sure he told you we're planning
dialog: amass escape or some such nonsense.
scene_heading: . LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You know why we did this. He has to
dialog: go, Jim. He can't stay.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: You won't get any argument from me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 255 CONTINUED:
dialog: 129.
dialog: 255
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: We don't need any public announcement --
dialog: we don't want to embarrass anyone.
dialog: All I need is your word that he's
dialog: gone -- soon.
scene_heading: LT. GEN, WHEELER
dialog: How would first light be?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: That would be fine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The only other thing I need is a
dialog: written guarantee that the men
dialog: involved won't receive any additional
dialog: time.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: That's a bit stickier, Lee.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: It's not negotiable.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Look, I'm not comfortable doing this
dialog: over the phone. How about you come
dialog: out here with some proposals and
dialog: we'll hash them out.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: How stupid do you think I am?
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: A man’s got to try.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How about someone else? There's
dialog: gotta be someone you'd trust --
dialog: someone who could make sure I don't
dialog: try to slip one by you.
text: Irwin looks over his men, eyes settling on YATES.
speaker_heading: YATES (V.0.)
dialog: Me?
scene_heading: 256 EXT. THE YARD - NIGHT 256
dialog: Irwin and
text: Yates are off by themselves. Yates is pissed.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: What about Cyrus? He's a helluva
dialog: lot smarter than I am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: 256 CONTINUED: " 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: 259
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: He never studied to be a lawyer.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Oh, Christ, is that it? I'm going
dialog: to have to carry that burden for the
dialog: rest of my life?
text: Irwin nods. Yates sighs, shakes his head.
text: BINOCULAR POV of Yates and Irwin.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - NIGHT 257
text: Winter is watching Yates and Irwin through the binoculars.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Yates. How... appropriate.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - NIGHT 258
text: Most of the inmates are asleep. The few that are awake salute
text: Irwin and Yates as they walk through.
text: As they reach the truck gate, Irwin nods to Cutbush and
text: Thumper. They pull the huge doors open a crack. Yates heads
dialog: for the opening.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Don't make any sudden moves out there.
dialog: (Yates stops)
dialog: Some of the best sharpshooters in
dialog: the world are going to have an "x"
dialog: on your forehead and they’ve been
dialog: drinking a lot of coffee.
text: Yates gives him a look, then steps out between the doors.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE USDB - TRUCK GATE - NIGHT 259
text: The massive doors shut behind Yates. He starts forward down
text: the road, toward the fence gates, alone.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER FENCE GATE - NIGHT 260
text: Yates approaches the gate, hands up. FOUR SENTRIES appear
text: out of the shadows. Two frisk him while the other two level
text: their weapons at his chest.
scene_heading: EXT. BEYOND PERIMETER FENCE - BATTALION CP - NIGHT - 261
text: Wheeler is looking at schematics of the USDB.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 261
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 261
speaker_heading: CORPORAL (O.S.)
dialog: General, sir. Mr. Yates.
text: Wheeler looks up, lets the plans roll up as Yates is brought
dialog: forward.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Ah, Mr. Yates. Jim Wheeler.
text: He extends a hand. Yates shakes it.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: Can I get you anything? Coffee,
dialog: soda? Something to eat?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: No, thank you.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: How's Lee Irwin holding up?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Very well.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Of course he is. He's a hardy son
dialog: of bitch.
text: Yates nods. Silence.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: To business then. Have a seat.
text: Yates sits. Wheeler sits across from him.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: Let's see what you've got.
text: Yates pulls out his typewritten sheet, hands it to Wheeler.
text: Wheeler reads it quickly, nods.
scene_heading: : LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: Reasonable. Very reasonable. This
dialog: could serve as a good basis for
dialog: negotiations. As it happens,
dialog: however...
dialog: (crumples up sheet)
dialog: ...there will be no negotiations.
text: Wheeler tosses the balled-up paper. Yates starts to
dialog: realize...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 261 CONTINUED:
dialog: 132.
dialog: (2) 261
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: If you do what I ask, the remainder
dialog: of your sentence will be suspended
dialog: effective immediately and you'll be
dialog: going home later this morning. And
dialog: those men in there won't get more
dialog: than three months added to their
dialog: sentences. Most of them won't get
dialog: any extra time at all.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Oh, come on...
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: If you don't do what I ask, you're
dialog: personally going to get an additional
dialog: five years.
dialog: (lets that sink in)
dialog: And every man in there who hasn't
dialog: been sitting in his cell all day is
dialog: going to get another two tacked on,
dialog: minimum. And those will be the lucky
dialog: ones.
dialog: (off Yates’ look)
dialog: If you don't do what I ask, we will
dialog: have to retake this facility by force.
dialog: Hundreds more men could die.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: We've got hostages in there--
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: No, you don’t. Every man who accepts
dialog: duty at USDB knows the score. We
dialog: don't negotiate for the release of
dialog: hostages.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We will retake the Castle. Colonel
dialog: Winter will remain in command. We
dialog: will not be dictated to by prisoners.
dialog: Ever.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: What do you want me to do?
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: First, I just want you to take a
dialog: moment to think about what I’ve said.
dialog: And while you're thinking, there's
dialog: someone I want you to talk to.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 261
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 261
text: Wheeler nods to a corporal. Yates is puzzled. His puzzlement
text: grows as the corporal returns, escorting a WOMAN into the
text: light. It’s JILL, Yates’ wife.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER (cont'd)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Wheeler and the corporal walk off, leaving Yates and Jill
text: alone. They just look at each other for a moment.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: What're you doing here?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I was driving by, saw the lights...
dialog: What do you think I’m doing here?
dialog: They woke me up about thirty minutes
dialog: ago, said there was trouble.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I can’t fucking believe it.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Did you take over the prison?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Not me personally.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You _t 2 ison?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Did they say why they wanted you
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: No. They just said you were in
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: They got that right.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What’s going on, Richard? Why am I
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: They want me to do something. And
dialog: they figure seeing you will convince
dialog: me to go along.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: 261 CONTINUED: (4) 261
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: (looks at her)
dialog: If I do what they want, I get out
dialog: this morning.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You’re serious? This morning?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: You care?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Don't make me hit you. Just because
dialog: you've been an asshole every time
dialog: I've come out to see you doesn’t
dialog: mean I don’t still love you.
text: They look at each other for a long beat. Yates shakes his
text: head, turns away.
speaker_heading: JILL (cont'd)
dialog: What happens if you don’t help them?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: I get another five years.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Oh, God.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Not just me. Everyone’ll get more
dialog: time. And some men will die.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What do they want you to do?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don’t know.
dialog: (looks back at Castle)
dialog: God, I wish he’d picked someone else.
scene_heading: 262 EXT. OUTSIDE THE USDB - TRUCK GATE - NIGHT 262
text: Yates walks back through the fence gates, looking numb.
scene_heading: 263 EXT. THE YARD - BY THE TRUCK GATE - NIGHT 263
text: The doors are open a crack. Yates slips through. The doors
text: are shut behind him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 263
dialog: 264
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : "263
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Well?
text: Close on Yates. He thinks... nods.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: All set.
text: Dellwo, Doc, Cyrus, Enriquez, Thumper, Cutbush cheer. Clap
text: each other on the back, embrace.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUEZ
dialog: Wanna tell the men?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Let them sleep.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: One thing: Wheeler wants me and you
dialog: to wait with Winter on the roof of
dialog: the Administration Building at first
dialog: light. A chopper’s gonna remove
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: A chopper?! No way! He ain't flying
dialog: outta here! He's gotta walk out!
text: Right through the middle of everyone
dialog: yelling at him!
speaker_heading: CYRUS
dialog: Or, better yet, saying nothing at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Ooh, yeah. That’d be cool.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: (firm)
text: He's going out on a chopper.
text: Everyone quiets. Irwin thinks, looks around, nods -- let's
dialog: do it.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - BY ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - PRE-DAWN 264
text: Irwin, Yates, Dellwo, Cyrus and Enriquez move through the
text: sleeping men. Some are awake, starting fires. They nod to
dialog: Irwin, salute.
text: Yates is doing his best to hide his torment. Dellwo pats
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 264
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
dialog: 136.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: “264
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: Glad to have you with us, Pilot.
dialog: Some folks thought once you got beyond
dialog: the fence you weren't coming back.
text: Yates forces a grin, but he's dying inside.
text: They reach the doors to the Administration Building. Peretz
text: opens the doors from the inside.
text: Irwin and Yates step inside. The doors shut behind them.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - PRE-DAWN 265
text: The office has been thrashed -- by trebuchet, fire and water.
text: Winter stands by the shattered window, looking down at the
text: men in the Yard and out to the brightening eastern sky.
text: He’s holding the folded FLAG in his hands. Peretz enters.
scene_heading: LT. PERETZ
dialog: Colonel, they're here.
text: Winter nods, takes a last look out the window, sets the flag
text: down on his desk and starts across the room.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - OUTER OFFICE - PRE-DAWN 266
text: Irwin and Yates are waiting as Winter comes out of his office
text: with Peretz. Winter doesn't even look at Irwin. He heads
text: through a door to a stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS TO ROOF - PRE-DAWN 267
text: Winter and Peretz lead Yates and Irwin up the stairs. Yates
dialog: is in hell.
text: Winter is the first to reach the top of the stairs. He hits
text: the pushbar and goes out onto the roof. Peretz is right
text: behind him.
text: As soon as Peretz goes through the door, Yates grabs the
text: pushbar and yanks it back, shutting the door.
scene_heading: . LT. PERETZ (0.8.)
dialog: Hey! What're you deing?
text: They can hear Peretz pulling at the door, but it's locked
text: from the inside.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Good question, What are you doing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: 267 CONTINUED: 267
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Wheeler’s not gonna take Winter out
dialog: of here -- he’s gonna take you.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: What? What do you mean you know?
text: Irwin says nothing.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: (gets a weird feeling)
dialog: You planned it?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (beat, smiles
dialog: sympathetically)
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh, my God. Of course. You knew
dialog: Wheeler wouldn’t negotiate. You
dialog: knew he’d want to take you out and
dialog: you wanted it to go this way, instead
dialog: of by force. That's why you picked
dialog: me to be the messenger. You knew
dialog: Wheeler would make me an offer. If
dialog: you'd picked Cyrus...
dialog: Cyrus would’ve told Wheeler to go
dialog: fuck himself. But me? You knew I'd
dialog: go along. Didn’t you.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The thought had occurred to me.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: . GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: What didn’t occur to me is that you
dialog: might not go through with it.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Sorry to disappoint you.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Disappoint me?
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: 267 CONTINUED: (2) 267
text: Irwin shakes his head. He and Yates share a look.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Then Winter is going to stay.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Looks like it.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Which means we lose.
text: Irwin doesn’t say anything, thinking.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: Then why did we fight?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You don’t only fight when you know
dialog: you're going to win.
text: Irwin moves to the door. Yates stops him.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: Captain, if I don’t get out there in
dialog: thirty seconds, they will take this
dialog: facility by force and many of our
dialog: good friends will die.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: There’s got to be another way.
text: Irwin looks at him, says nothing.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: Come on! That’s what you're good
dialog: at! Figuring shit like this out!
text: Irwin still says nothing. Yates sighs, lets him go.
text: As Irwin walks up the last few steps, SUNLIGHT shoots out
text: through the crack at the bottom of the door. Irwin stops.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Did Wheeler say where I would be
dialog: taken?
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Some medical facility at Fort Hood...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 267
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: The Fort Hood Army Psychiatric
dialog: Hospital. Standard operating procedure
dialog: for someone like me.
dialog: (off Yates’ look)
dialog: One of our army’s nastier little
dialog: secrets. If they’ve got a
dialog: whistleblower or a troublemaker they
dialog: don’t want to discharge, they send
dialog: them to Hood, let them pad the halls
text: in paper shoes, doing the thorazine
dialog: shuffle.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That was the worst part in Hanoi --
dialog: the months I was drugged. Worse
dialog: than the torture. The torture was...
dialog: hell. But at least you knew what it
dialog: was. The drugs were... limbo. Limbo
dialog: is worse. For me at least. I can‘t
dialog: do that again.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: Good! Then don’t! Think of
dialog: something!
text: Irwin thinks. A thought comes to him. He gets a wistful
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: YATES (cont'd)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I... I'm going to need your help.
scene_heading: EXT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING ROOF - DAWN 268
text: Peretz is watching the door. Winter is on his cell phone,
dialog: pacing.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: I don’t know. He just--
text: Winter and Peretz hear the click of the roof door’s lock.
text: They share a look.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: One moment, General.
text: Winter nods to Peretz. Peretz starts toward the door, pulling
text: his baton. Winter puts a hand on his revolver.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
speaker_heading: 271
dialog: 272
dialog: 140.
scene_heading: INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DAWN 269
text: Irwin runs into Winter's office. He looks through the rubble
text: on the ground, finds something in Winter's shattered display
text: cases -- a flintlock rifle.
scene_heading: EXT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING ROOF - DAWN 270
text: Peretz grabs the door handle in one hand, raises his baton
dialog: in the other.
text: Winter watches Peretz, hand on his gun. He senses something
text: out of the corner of his eye.
text: Peretz yanks open the door.
text: YATES is standing just inside the door, hands raised.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Lieutenant!
text: Peretz turns to see...
text: IRWIN climbing up over the edge of the roof, flintlock in
dialog: hand.
text: Peretz takes a step toward Irwin.
text: Yates lunges out, grabs Peretz and pulis him back into the
dialog: stairs.
text: Irwin runs to the door, shuts it. He jams the butt of the
text: flintlock under the door handle and stabs the barrel tip
text: into the pebbled tar of the roof. Irwin turns to Winter as
text: Winter fumbles and pulls his revolver from his holster.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Not quite how you thought this was
dialog: going to go, is it, Colonel?
scene_heading: INT, STAIRS TO ROOF - DAWN 271
text: Peretz breaks free of Yates’ grasp, moves for the door.
text: Yates grabs Peretz’s legs, pulls him down.
scene_heading: EXT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING ROOF - DAWN 272
text: Irwin walks away from the door.
scene_heading: . COLONEL WINTER
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: 273
dialog: 274
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: 276
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Irwin starts unzipping the top of his jumpsuit.
scene_heading: EXT. BEYOND PERIMETER FENCE - BATTALION CP - DAWN
text: Wheeler is watching through binoculars.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: What the hell are you doing, Lee?
scene_heading: EXT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING ROOF - DAWN
speaker_heading: . GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: What am I doing? I’m doing your
dialog: job, Colonel. The sun’s up. It’s
dialog: time to fly the flag.
text: Irwin pulls the folded FLAG out of his jumpsuit, heads for
text: the flagpole.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS TO ROOF - DAWN
text: Yates and Peretz fight a fierce battle in the steep, narrow
text: confines of the stairs. Peretz is the better fighter, but
text: Yates is fired up.
scene_heading: EXT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING ROOF - DAWN
text: Irwin gets to the flagpole, flag in hand.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Do you know the history of this
dialog: facility? Of the fort that stood
dialog: here before this stockade?
text: Winter gives no response. Irwin starts carefully unfolding
text: the flag, his back to Winter.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: A hundred and fifty years ago, one
dialog: April Sunday, after the snow had
text: melted, it was overrun by a band of
dialog: Sioux warriors led by Chief Bright
dialog: Eagle. The garrison commander,
dialog: Captain Henry Rice, got approval
dialog: from the. Chief to run the flag.
dialog: What the Chief didn’t notice was
text: that Rice ran the flag upside down.
dialog: When reinforcements arrived -- led
dialog: by a young lieutenant named George
dialog: Armstrong Custer -- they saw the
dialog: inverted flag -- which, as you know,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: "272
speaker_heading: 273
dialog: 274
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: 276
speaker_heading: 276
speaker_heading: 277
dialog: 278
dialog: 142.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 276
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: is the army’s universal sign of
dialog: distress -- and hightailed it the
dialog: hell out of here.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS TO ROOF - DAWN 277
text: Yates and Peretz are grappling. They fall off balance and
text: tumble down the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING ROOF - DAWN 278
text: Irwin unfolds the last fold in the flag.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: You're forgetting the rest of the
text: story, Mr. Irwin. Custer came back
dialog: with a division and slaughtered the
dialog: Sioux.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: (turns to Winter)
dialog: True.. But you see, in Custer's day,
dialog: there weren't any TV news crews out
text: beyond the fence with their astounding
dialog: long lens cameras.
text: Irwin nods his head. Winter looks. HIS POV: Beyond Wheeler
text: and his men there are TV newsvans, cameramen standing on
text: top. Irwin turns back to the flag and flagpole.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd)
dialog: I don't know if they can see you or
dialog: me too clearly from there, but they
dialog: will certainly be able to see the
dialog: flag. Especially if it’s upside-
dialog: down. I guarantee you an upside-
dialog: down flag at this facility would
dialog: make the cover of Time magazine on
dialog: Monday morning. If it does, I can
dialog: also guarantee you that by Tuesday
dialog: nine a.m. you’ll be on administrative
dialog: leave and never heard from again.
text: Winter points his revolver at Irwin, cocks the hammer back.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
text: Let go of the flag.
text: Irwin looks back at Winter and his gun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goidberg
dialog: 278
dialog: 143.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 278
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: You know, normally I’d be afraid of
text: someone pointing a large calibre
dialog: pistol at my back. But I know you,
dialog: Colonel. You never do your own
dialog: killing.
dialog: {nods at gun)
dialog: Put it down before you embarrass
dialog: yourself any further.
text: Irwin turns his back on Winter. He Snaps the first of two
text: hooks onto the flag. Winter is shaking with rage. And it
text: looks like he might actually pull the trigger. Then WHAM!
text: Someone bangs against the inside of the roof door. The tip
text: of the flintlock slips an inch in the roof tar.
text: Winter, gun still trained on Irwin, moves to the door.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Peretz?
speaker_heading: LT. PERETZ (0.S.)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Lucky you.
text: Winter kicks the rifle away from the door. Peretz steps
text: out, bleeding from the head, extremely pissed-off.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: Lieutenant, stop him from raising
dialog: the flag if you would.
text: Peretz sneers and starts toward Irwin, pulling his baton.
text: Suddenly YATES sprints out from the stairs and dives into
text: Peretz. They slam to the roof.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: Get ready to salute, Colonel.
text: Irwin turns back to the flagpole. He Snaps the second clip
text: onte the flag, He grabs the line. BANG! He stumbles
dialog: forward. :
text: Winter holds his revolver. Smoke curls out of the barrel.
text: There’s a spreading red stain on the back of Irwin’s uniform.
text: Irwin has an odd look on his face -- surprise, but relief,
text: too, and a certain satisfaction.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 278
speaker_heading: 279
dialog: 280
speaker_heading: 281
dialog: 282
dialog: 144.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 278
text: He falls forward, his hand still clutching the flagpole line.
text: THE FLAG runs up a few feet. It's spattered with blood --
dialog: and it’s rightside-up.
scene_heading: EXT. BEYOND PERIMETER FENCE - BATTALION CP - DAWN 279
text: Wheeler has been watching through binoculars.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Jesus Christ...
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAWN 280
text: Dellwo, Cyrus and the others are stunned.
speaker_heading: DELLWO
dialog: No...
scene_heading: EXT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING ROOF - DAWN 281
text: Winter stands there, jaw open.
text: Yates and Peretz look at Winter in shock and horror. Yates
text: lets go of Peretz, gets off him, goes to Irwin.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER
dialog: (to Peretz)
dialog: We... we can say he was lunging at
dialog: me... I was in danger...
text: Peretz turns away, goes to Irwin. He and Yates roll him
text: over. Irwin is alive, barely. A_cell phone rings. Peretz
text: looks at Winter.
text: e in. Winter doesn’t seem to recognize
text: that it's his. Peretz stands, stares at him. Winter snaps
text: out of it, answers the phone.
speaker_heading: COLONEL WINTER (cont'd)
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. BEYOND PERIMETER FENCE - BATTALION CP - DAWN 282
text: Wheeler is on his cell phone with Winter.
scene_heading: LT. GEN. WHEELER
dialog: Ed, don’t touch anything. And don’t
dialog: move. We can see you.
text: PULL BACK to reveal THREE SNIPERS, scopes trained on Winter.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 145.
scene_heading: 283 EXT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING ROOF - DAWN 283
text: Yates kneels beside Irwin. ‘
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: This was it? This was your great
dialog: plan?
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: I was hoping his aim wouldn’t be so
dialog: good.
text: Yates smiles. Then tears come.
speaker_heading: YATES
dialog: General, I’m going to tell them, you
dialog: know. I don’t care what you say.
dialog: I’m going to tell them all you saved
dialog: their lives.
speaker_heading: GENERAL IRWIN
dialog: On the contrary, Captain. They saved
dialog: mine.
text: Irwin's eyes cloud over and he’s gone. Yates remains kneeling
text: beside him.
text: Peretz starts pulling the flag to the top of the pole.
text: Winter looks down at the pistol in his hand, like he'd
text: forgotten it was there. He drops his arm to his side. The
text: gun falls from his hand. He stands there, completely alone
dialog: and utterly lost.
text: When Peretz gets the flag halfway up, he stops, ties it off.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: Karen Goldberg
dialog: 
