dialog: 
scene_heading: THE SURFER KING
dialog: Written by
dialog: Bernard Murray Jr
speaker_heading: 5/25/04
dialog: Page 1 of 81
scene_heading: THE SURFER KING
scene_heading: 1 EXT. EARLY MORNING. - CUSTOMER SERVICE KIOSK 1
text: JAFFA, a Jamaican looking fellow in his early 20's, arrives
text: at Water World, carrying a dusty cardboard box.
text: There are a few workers milling about, setting up the park
text: for opening. He passes EDDIE, a 25-something grounds worker
dialog: with Down's Syndrome.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: Eddie!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (smiling, nodding)
dialog: Jaffa.
text: They do a hand slap maneuver that they have obviously worked
text: out some time in the past. JAFFA proceeds up to the Customer
text: Relations Kiosk, plops the box on the counter, and enters the
text: kiosk. We see him open the box, it is full of CD's.
text: He pulls winter covers off of an overhead area to reveal a CD
text: player and amplifiers. He starts pushing buttons he's pushed
text: a thousand times, and lights come on. He pulls down a
text: microphone, and clicks a button to see if it works.
text: He reaches into the box of CDs and pulls one out. We see it
text: is Sheryl Crow. He gets the CD, examines it, and pops it
text: into the CD player.
text: He once again picks the microphone and flips the switch as he
text: pushes the "play" button on the CD player.
text: His voice echoes through the park. "Soak up the Sun" begins
dialog: playing.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, Water World will be
dialog: open in
dialog: (checking his watch)
text: twenty-six hours and forty-three minutes.
scene_heading: GFX - OPENING CREDITS BEGIN
scene_heading: 2 EXT EARLY MORNING - THUNDER BAY 2
text: BIG MIKE, the park's owner/manager - a 50-something man who
text: is portly and bald, and RICHARD THOMPSON, head lifeguard and
text: another GUARD are on the east side of Thunder Bay.
text: There is a post with a box on top of it that has a winter
text: cover on it. The GUARD is standing there with a garden hose
dialog: Page 2 of 81
text: holding it so the water goes into Thunder Bay.
text: He is obviously tired, and has been standing there a long
text: time. We look back at the massive size of the pool and get
dialog: the joke.
text: BIG MIKE and RICHARD pull off the winter cover. The GUARD
text: turns to look and the hose turns with him, getting BIG MIKE
text: wet. They object and he turns back to filling Thunder Bay.
text: RICHARD moves the GUARD to a safe distance.
text: BIG MIKE blows the dust off of the box at the top of the
text: post, and we see it is a large push button. BIG MIKE looks
text: at RICHARD who nods "go ahead" and then pushes the button.
text: They both draw back as if something big should happen, but
text: nothing. They look at each other and BIG MIKE motions for
text: RICHARD to go over to the wall housing the wave tank for the
dialog: pool.
text: RICHARD waves OK, and BIG MIKE pushes the button again. When
text: nothing happens, RICHARD whacks the side of the tank with his
text: closed fist. Suddenly a huge wave rolls out.
text: Nodding his approval, BIG MIKE checks off an item in his
text: clipboard.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. EARLY MORNING. - DAY SURFS UP AREA 3
text: We see people working to open the park. The VAIL PRECISION
text: LAWN CHAIR DRILL TEAM dressed in Water World uniforms is
text: setting and arranging chairs in time to the music. They
text: perform precision maneuvers with the chairs, as if rifles,
text: and cross each other in a timed march to the music.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. EARLY MORNING. - DAY FUN HOUSE AREA 4
text: BIG MIKE is standing under the Fun House structure with a
text: clipboard. He is talking to RICHARD.
text: After talking to BIG MIKE, RICHARD shakes his head
text: affirmatively and walks off. He glances up to the two guards
text: above, and grins. BIG MIKE is looking at his clipboard. We
text: see quickly the large water tank above is spilling water a
text: bit, indicating it is full.
text: The water tank spills over BIG MIKE drenching him. He stands
text: there still, angry for a moment, then thinks better of it
text: shaking his head and smiling, takes his pen and checks OK on
text: his wet clipboard for the fun house water tank.
scene_heading: 5 EXT. EARLY MORNING. - DAY FIRST AID SHACK NEAR FUNHOUSE 5
text: Two guards are looking down at BIG MIKE below. One guard
text: begins motioning as if guiding a crane into place. The other
text: guard has his hand poised on a large switch lever.
text: GUARD ONE is gesturing more emphatically now, closing his
text: hands to indicate "almost there". He closes his hands, and
text: GUARD TWO pulls the lever.
dialog: Page 3 of 81
scene_heading: 6 EXT. LATER THAT MORNING - DAY 2001 VW BUG 6
dialog: We are on the road to Water World in Federal Heights,
text: Colorado. ROBBIE ZIRPOLLO is riding with his mother CONNIE
speaker_heading: ZIRPOLLO.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: Yeah. This is great. I love this plan.
dialog: Drag me kicking and screaming from my
dialog: happy home in California to some weird
dialog: place in Colorado, and say hey, this'll
dialog: be fun Robbie. Maybe we can go
dialog: camping....
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Look, I know you're not happy about this.
dialog: But it wasn't my idea for your father to
dialog: have some kind of mid-life crisis and
dialog: disappear with his secretary to Mexico
dialog: with our life savings.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: "Administrative Assistant." There's no
dialog: such thing as a secretary anymore.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Fine. Administrative Assistant. We
dialog: couldn't afford to sit around waiting any
dialog: longer to see if he was coming back. I
dialog: was able to land a good job here. And
dialog: now thanks to Uncle Bernie you have this
dialog: job at the Water Park...
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Grounds crew. What kind of job is that?
dialog: It sound like the guy who cleans out the
dialog: coffee pots.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Bernie says you help keep the park clean,
dialog: sweep up, that sort of thing.
dialog: I'm sure it won't be so bad. Besides, a
dialog: lot of the kids who work at this park go
dialog: to the same high school you'll be going
dialog: to. You can start the school year with
text: some ready-made friends.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I had friends in Oceanside. I had
dialog: something to do for the summer.
text: They pass the main Water World sign. Hanging below it is a
text: banner that says Opening Tomorrow!.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: Hanging out at the beach surfing with
dialog: your friends is not my idea of something
dialog: Page 4 of 81
dialog: to do. This way you'll make some money
dialog: and meet people here. You'd best get
dialog: used to it. This is where we live now.
dialog: We're staying.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: All thanks to Dad and his secretary.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Administrative Assistant.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Whatever. Some summer....
text: They have arrived at the front gates of Water World, Kids
text: are in a line leading to a check-in canopy kiosk that has a
text: sign saying Employee Check In.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Promise me you'll give it a
dialog: try....please?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (giving in to the inevitable)
dialog: I will. I promise. See you later
text: He shuts the car door and walks over to the end of the line.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. EARLY MORNING. - DAY FRONT GATES OF WATER WORLD 7
text: There are about 40-50 teenagers in various default street
text: clothes, shorts and tees mostly. Robbie takes his place in
text: line behind an older, taller boy, ALEX, who seems to know
dialog: almost everyone, and has made it his personal mission to
dialog: greet them.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (back still to ROBBIE)
dialog: ...and so SHE says I'll have the filet
dialog: AND the lobster". I had to borrow twenty
dialog: bucks from Fitzgerald just to get out of
dialog: the restaurant.
text: Two guys in front of Alex are laughing now. Further down the
text: line however, another voice pops up.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (waving to ALEX)
dialog: By the way. Where is that twenty bucks?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (avoiding)
dialog: Ohhh, hey Dougie. I'll catch up with you
dialog: later...
text: (turning around to ROBBIE as
dialog: not to continue the
dialog: conversation)
dialog: Hey, how you doin'? Haven't seen you
dialog: before.
dialog: Page 5 of 81
text: ALEX looks in his wallet, as do we. It is empty.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I'm Robbie. Robbie Zirpollo.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm Alex. Where you workin'?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I believe it's with the Grounds Crew?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What's the matter, can't swim?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: I can swim. Why?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Well, you look old enough to be a guard.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Almost 16. I get my license in
dialog: September.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It's just that most of the guys on
dialog: grounds are a little younger than you.
dialog: Most guys your age that can swim are
dialog: guards.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Well, I just moved here. I guess I
dialog: missed guard tryouts. You're a guard
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh, no no no. I work concessions...at
dialog: Aokee's Surf and Snack Shack. It's just
text: as well. The guards are mostly stuck up
dialog: anyway. The rest of us are the ones who
dialog: know how to have fun.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Can't swim, huh?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (listening to speaker on post
dialog: above)
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (mimicking his perception of
dialog: surfers)
dialog: Surf tunes, dude!
dialog: Page 6 of 81
dialog: (back to his own voice)
dialog: You'll get used to it. You'll get to
dialog: where you miss it. I had to buy two CD's
dialog: just to get through the winter.
text: They are now at the front of the line. A teenage girl
text: MELISSA is sitting at the table with papers and a clipboard.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: Ahh. And here we have the fair Melissa,
dialog: time clerk extraordinaire...
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: (shaking her head no)
dialog: Oh, Alex. Am I going to have to put up
dialog: with your crap for another entire summer?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (looking upward toward the sky)
dialog: Dear Melissa.
dialog: There's nothing about our relationship
dialog: that couldn't be fixed by us spending a
text: few moments together in the pumphouse
text: behind Thunder Bay.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: Yeah, well from what I hear, it would be
text: a BRIEF few moments.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (wincing)
dialog: Ouch.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (not missing a beat)
dialog: My dear, you cut me to the quick. Check
dialog: off my name and that of my amigo here,
dialog: Mr. Robbie Zirpollo.
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: (handing them cards)
dialog: Fill out these emergency cards, and turn
dialog: them in when you pick up your
dialog: uniforms....
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: over there. And Alex?
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: She wants me.
dialog: (turning back to MELISSA)
dialog: Yeeees?
speaker_heading: MELISSA
dialog: (finger pointing)
dialog: This year, let's clock in only our OWN
dialog: time card, shall we?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Page 7 of 81
dialog: (head shaking, to ROBBIE,
dialog: walking together)
dialog: Some people have no sense of humor.
scene_heading: 8 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - OUTSIDE UNIFORM BUILDING 8
text: ROBBIE and ALEX walk up to yet another line of about 4 or 5
text: teens. At the front a teenage girl and a teenage guy are
text: behind a counter and handing out uniforms based on a
dialog: clipboard list.
text: As ROBBIE and ALEX reach the back of the line, TIFFANY, a
text: blond beauty and two other girls brush past them to the front
dialog: of the line.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (taken aback, breathing in
dialog: through his nose)
dialog: Whoa....who was that?
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: (unimpressed, putting his hand
text: on ROBBIE's shoulder as if to
text: hold him back, like a horse
dialog: that is riled up)
dialog: Eeeaasy there, big fella. Not in your
dialog: lifetime.
dialog: (wistfully, glancing over)
dialog: Or mine.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: So who is she?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Miss Tiffany Maxwell, daughter of Big
dialog: Mike Maxwell, owner and operator of this
dialog: here fine water park.
text: WE SEE TIFFANY and her two friends are quickly given their
text: uniforms by the attendants, as they ignore the kids who have
text: waited in line.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: See, Princess Tiffany and her friends
dialog: pretty much have the run of the park.
dialog: Her boyfriend is Dan Peterson, a guy we
dialog: all call Cowboy, one of the lifeguards.
dialog: Pretty decent guy from what I can tell.
dialog: But she's a piece of work. Your best
dialog: strategy is to steer clear of her and she
dialog: won't cause you any trouble.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Cowboy, huh. Big guy?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Big. Guy.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (takes in a deep breath)
dialog: Page 8 of 81
dialog: Hmm.
text: They are now at the front of the line.
speaker_heading: MALE UNIFORM GUY
dialog: Hey Alex.
dialog: (calling back to FEMALE UNIFORM
speaker_heading: PERSON)
dialog: Aokee's. Large.
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
speaker_heading: MALE UNIFORM GUY (CONT'D)
dialog: Name?
text: Female Uniform Person has brought a blue Hawaiian shirt on a
dialog: hanger.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Rob Zirpollo. Uh, Robert Zirpollo
speaker_heading: MALE UNIFORM GUY
dialog: (looks on clipboard)
dialog: Grounds?
dialog: (looks at FEMALE UNIFORM
speaker_heading: PERSON)
speaker_heading: MALE UNIFORM GUY (CONT'D)
scene_heading: (and FEMALE UNIFORM PERSON,
dialog: together, ominously)
dialog: Grounds.
text: She disappears to the back.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (to ALEX)
dialog: So what is this grounds thing, anyway?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Let's just say....you are critical and
dialog: indispensable to the ongoing operation...
dialog: and....flow of things here at the park.
dialog: (he and MALE UNIFORM GUY
dialog: exchange a knowing glance)
speaker_heading: FEMALE UNIFORM PERSON
dialog: Here you go, tiger. One grounds.
dialog: Medium. You have a pair of green shorts
dialog: at home?
text: ROBBIE shakes his head "no".
speaker_heading: FEMALE UNIFORM PERSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Buy some. Tonight. Wear them tomorrow
dialog: along with this shirt. You need to
dialog: report to the area just south of Surf's
dialog: Up. Look for a guy wearing Army pants
dialog: and glasses.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'll show him. I'm going in that
dialog: Page 9 of 81
dialog: direction.
dialog: (to ROBBIE with feigned
dialog: excitement)
dialog: You get to meet The Colonel!
text: They walk off. As they walk off we can hear ALEX in the
dialog: distance...
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (marching)
text: Left. Left. Left right left.
scene_heading: 9 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK 9
text: Aokee's is a restaurant near Thunder Bay. It seats about 50
text: and is lavishly decorated in a Hawaiian Surf and Ocean motif,
text: with surf memorabilia, fish nets, surfboards, and the like.
text: AOKEE is a large 375 pound plus apparently Hawaiian man, late
text: twenties, early thirties, wearing a purple Hawaiian shirt,
text: blue shorts and a white chef's apron that says KISS THE COOK.
text: WE SEE him on a pay phone behind the counter.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (to person on the line)
dialog: David...how you do this to me? I have
dialog: full staff with you. I save your spot.
dialog: I was counting on you.
dialog: (listens, nods)
dialog: Yes, yes....but The Gap? What you think
dialog: you do there? Are there girls in
dialog: swimming suits? Have you forgotten?
dialog: (listens, shaking head)
dialog: Tips. Do you get tips? Cash money?
dialog: (listens some more)
text: ALEX walks up. AOKEE waves to him. He is obviously upset.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: Well, come see us this summer, eh?
dialog: You're a good kid...a good worker. Yeah,
dialog: you too.
text: AOKEE hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Who....?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: David. Seems to think there is future in
dialog: retail. Now what I do? I'm one person
text: short. Park opens tomorrow.
text: AOKEE buries his head in his hands on the counter.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: You know...I just met a guy that's old
dialog: Page 10 of 81
dialog: enough to work here, but he's stuck in
dialog: grounds.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (perking up)
dialog: Good guy?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Seemed like our kind of people.
text: AOKEE thinks for a moment. He glances up towards Surf's Up.
text: It hits both he and ALEX at the same time...
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: We need to get him before he get his
dialog: plunger!
text: They take off running.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - TRAIL FROM AOKEE'S TO SURF'S10
speaker_heading: UP
text: AOKEE and ALEX are running together. They get about 50 feet
text: before AOKEE, large man that he is, runs out of breath.
text: ALEX, like a boxer in training, sort of runs in place,
text: keeping loose, ready for AOKEE to catch his wind. Off they
text: go again, get another 50 feet, and the same thing happens.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Alex......
dialog: (wheeze)
dialog: ..you got to go ahead...
dialog: (wheeze)
dialog: ...stall 'til I get there.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (nodding, running in place)
dialog: OK.
text: ALEX takes off, and AOKEE runs again....
scene_heading: 11 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - SURF'S UP WAVE POOL SOUTH 11
text: WE SEE several rolling trash cans lined up in a row, along
text: with several janitorial carts filled with cleaning utensils
dialog: and supplies.
text: THE COLONEL is standing, dressed in army fatigue pants and a
text: Water World golf shirt, with a green Water World baseball
text: cap. He is wearing black horn-rim glasses, thick lenses, and
text: carrying a clipboard.
text: Lined up as if an army unit are ten grounds kids, including
text: ROBBIE, who is sixth furthest from THE COLONEL. They are all
dialog: younger than ROBBIE except one, EDDIE, whom we met at the
text: beginning of the film.
text: EDDIE is standing tall and straight, proud to be there. He
dialog: is nearest THE COLONEL
dialog: Page 11 of 81
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: (looking up from clipboard)
dialog: Well, it looks like we have a good staff
dialog: here. Yes...yes a good staff. It will be
dialog: an excellent summer. Remember as we go
dialog: through training today, our park is
dialog: judged by the work WE do. If we do it
dialog: well, the people come back.
dialog: (walking up and down the line)
dialog: We have a little tradition here on the
dialog: grounds crew. Rather than having to
dialog: learn a lot of names, many of which I can
dialog: never hope to pronounce properly, each
dialog: grounds crew member gets a grounds crew
dialog: nickname. You will be known by that
dialog: nickname in every way except, of course,
dialog: your paycheck and employee records.
text: THE COLONEL looks over his paperwork.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's see, what do we have? Hmm...yes.
dialog: OK, first up is Eddie Cochran. Your
dialog: grounds crew nickname will be.....Eddie!
text: EDDIE smiles knowingly. This has been his grounds crew
dialog: nickname for the last 8 years, mostly because he would never
text: answer to anything else, and THE COLONEL gave up trying.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Now crewmembers, listen up. Eddie here
dialog: has eight years experience on the grounds
dialog: crew. Why, I'd like to think there isn't
dialog: anything, any situation that Eddie hasn't
dialog: faced. Listen to him. Learn from him.
dialog: Watch what he does. This man is the
dialog: finest, most conscientious grounds
dialog: crewman we've ever had.
text: EDDIE is beaming with pride now. THE COLONEL pulls a brand
text: new toilet plunger from the cart nearby and hands it to
text: EDDIE. EDDIE shoulders it as if it were a rifle.
text: THE COLONEL walks down the line.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's see...Clark? Hmmm. Your grounds
dialog: crew nickname will be....Sparky.
text: It is all ROBBIE can do not to laugh. THE COLONEL goes on to
text: the next kid, SKEETER who is tall, skinny and goofy-looking.
text: SKEETER'S eyes are faced forward, but something catches them.
text: His eyes follow an unseen object as we begin to hear a small
text: mosquito. Finally his eyes follow it until he looks, cross
text: eyed at his own nose.
text: THE COLONEL has taken note of this and is following it too.
text: SKEETER can take no more, and brushes it off his nose as he
text: makes a face.
dialog: Page 12 of 81
speaker_heading: SKEETER
dialog: Sorry, sir. Mosquito.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Hmmm.....your grounds crew nickname will
dialog: be.....Skeeter.
text: THE COLONEL steps over the cart and gets another new plunger
text: and hands it to SKEETER who follows EDDIE's lead.
text: Next in line is a short, chubby lad, SNITCH. As THE COLONEL
text: approaches him, a quick sound of passing gas is heard.
text: THE COLONEL is startled, and SNITCH makes a quick finger
text: motion indicating the culprit is SKEETER, next to him.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (looking at the clipboard)
dialog: Bradley, is it? OK, Mr. Bradley.....your
dialog: grounds crew nickname will be Snitch.
text: SNITCH shows his dismay with a frown. THE COLONEL has run
text: out of new plungers already and is forced to move to one of
text: last year's leftovers, which look somewhat depressing.
text: He gets one and give it to SNITCH, who looks at it, makes a
text: face, and decides not to shoulder it. ROBBIE is so depressed
text: he looks like he's about to pass out.
text: His worst fears have been realized. His summer is passing
text: before his eyes.
text: There's only one more person, a young 14 year-old girl, to go
text: before ROBBIE. THE COLONEL addresses her.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Melinda Tally. Hmmm... your grounds crew
dialog: nickname will be...
dialog: (thinking)
text: Suddenly ALEX bursts onto the scene, and even he, at this
text: point, is somewhat out of breath.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Hello, Colonel!
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: (thinking, staring)
dialog: Alex, isn't it?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yes sir, Colonel. And what a fine staff
dialog: you've assembled this year. Have you
dialog: told them yet about your army background?
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Well, no, I didn't think it was..
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Page 13 of 81
dialog: (interrupting, to the grounds
dialog: kids)
dialog: The Colonel here is very modest. Did you
dialog: know that he reorganized the entire
dialog: process of cleaning and sanitizing an
dialog: army barracks and its latrines?
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Well, it really wasn't much of a...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (interrupting again)
dialog: Wasn't much?
dialog: (again, to grounds kids)
dialog: Can you just imagine for a moment the
dialog: germs and bacteria our American soldiers
dialog: could pick up in an unsanitised army
dialog: latrine? It's impossible to determine
dialog: just how many lives have been saved
dialog: thanks to the efforts of this one humble
dialog: Army Colonel.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Well, I suppose when you put it that
dialog: way...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (to the grounds kids)
dialog: I, too, came up through the ranks when at
dialog: age 14, I began my service here at Water
dialog: World learning from this great man.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Yes....I remember now.....what was your
dialog: grounds nickname...?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Not even sure I remember it myself, sir.
dialog: But I remember much more. Did you tell
dialog: them about the film?
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Film?
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (to THE COLONEL)
dialog: "Hygiene Makes You Happy"
dialog: (to the grounds kids)
dialog: Every enlisted man in the army has seen
dialog: it. Some by choice. All from the mind
dialog: of The Colonel here...
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I never forget a grounds nickname....
text: AOKEE has finally made it now, but is, of course, out of
dialog: breath again.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Page 14 of 81
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Aokee, good God, man...are you OK?
text: AOKEE gestures he is fine, and does a combination of charades
text: and Hawaiian pantomime before he finally speaks.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Colonel....terrible mistake...
text: ALEX gets behind AOKEE, deciding he needs some help, feeding
dialog: him words.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (quietly behind AOKEE)
dialog: Bureaucratic bumble...
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Bureaucratic bumble....
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Lost paperwork....
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Lost paperwork....
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: An error in the front office...
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Error in front office....
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Spiced applesauce....
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Spiced...
text: AOKEE stops, turn and glares at ALEX, who merely smiles and
dialog: shrugs.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Good God, man, what are you trying to
dialog: say?
text: ALEX comes around from behind AOKEE.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It's Robbie sir. He was supposed to work
text: at Aokee's and through some crazy mix-up,
dialog: he ended up here.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: (looking at clipboard)
dialog: Zirpollo? Well this is highly
dialog: irregular...
text: He is flipping though the papers, confused.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (can't pass this up)
dialog: Page 15 of 81
dialog: Most annoying....
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Most annoying....
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Never happened before....
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Never happened before....
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Spaghetti marinara...
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Spa....what?
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Well, if he was supposed to be assigned
dialog: to you, we'll just have to let him go...
text: ROBBIE has caught on and is quick to step out of line, and
text: pick up his shirt to be ready to go.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
speaker_heading: (to THE COLONEL)
dialog: I was confused myself, sir. I had heard
dialog: I was working for some Hawaiian guy.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: I promise, we go straight to personnel,
dialog: straighten the whole thing out. You
dialog: won't need to worry.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: Very well. We'll just have to make-do.
text: THE COLONEL goes back to the girl MELINDA he was about to
text: nickname before the interruption, but is staring after ALEX,
text: AOKEE and ROBBIE as they walk off. He looks at MELINDA. He
text: looks back at ALEX &amp; company. It hits him.
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Snafu.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: THE COLONEL
dialog: His grounds crew nickname. I remember it
dialog: now. Snafu.
scene_heading: 12 EXT -DAY - HILL AREA ABOVE THUNDER BAY 12
text: The entire staff of Water World is assembled for a pre
text: opening pep talk from owner BIG MIKE MAXWELL. He wears a
text: Water World Golf shirt, shorts and a crew-style marine hat.
text: Standing next to him is RICHARD THOMPSON, head lifeguard.
text: The workers are sitting on the hill.
dialog: Page 16 of 81
text: AOKEE, THE COLONEL and other "management" types are standing
text: off to the side. TIFFANY and her friends are sitting up
dialog: front.
text: ALEX and ROBBIE are sitting together towards the back, and
text: ROBBIE's grounds t-shirt is no longer in his hand, but has
text: been replaced by a folded AOKEE'S blue Hawaiian shirt.
text: There is a lot of noise from everyone talking.
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE
dialog: (motioning to get everyone to
dialog: settle down)
dialog: Okay, everybody, let's quiet down for a
dialog: minute.
text: (they do, and he looks down at
dialog: his clipboard)
dialog: For those who don't know me, my name is
dialog: Michael Maxwell, and I...sort of run
dialog: things around here.
text: A chant starts up, with affection...
scene_heading: EVERYONE TOGETHER
dialog: Big Mike! Big Mike! Big Mike!
text: BIG MIKE smiles, this has happened before, probably a
dialog: tradition.
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE
dialog: (again motioning to settle
dialog: down)
dialog: Okay, yeah thanks. Now, I want go over a
dialog: few basic things. First of all, make
dialog: sure you've all filled out your paperwork
dialog: with personnel, cause nobody gets paid
dialog: unless they do. Come to think of it, I
dialog: suppose it's better for me that you don't
dialog: fill out your paperwork, then I don't
dialog: have to pay you. I'll make it optional.
dialog: If you want to get paid, fill out your
dialog: paperwork.
dialog: (looking at clipboard)
dialog: Let's remember, the people who come here
dialog: are our guests, and your job is to see
dialog: they have a safe and fun experience here.
dialog: Let's work together to keep the park
dialog: clean and safe, and we'll have a great
dialog: summer together. Now with a few words is
dialog: our head lifeguard, Richard Thompson.
text: Another cheer starts up, smaller this time, which ALEX
dialog: starts.
speaker_heading: SMALLER GROUP
dialog: Big Dick! Big Dick Big Dick!
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (wincing some, but not
dialog: Page 17 of 81
text: surprised, motioning to settle
dialog: down)
dialog: Yeah, yeah, very funny, we're all very
dialog: amused. Okay, many of you have been in
dialog: training for some time, and some of you
dialog: still have a ways to go...
text: WE SEE a quick shot of some geeky younger guards wearing
text: water wings, sharky goggles and noseplugs and looking less
dialog: than confident...
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
text: (glancing at the water wing
dialog: group wistfully, almost to
dialog: himself)
dialog: ...a long ways to go...
text: He looks down at his clipboard.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: ...but I'd like to take a moment to
dialog: speak, mostly to the guards, but
dialog: certainly everyone has a role in this.
dialog: We can take everything we've learned and
text: distill it down to two simple rules.
dialog: Rule number one:
text: He pauses, thoughtful for a moment, but building into a near
dialog: rage for effect to impress on everyone...
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
text: (loudly, emphatically, angry at
dialog: the thought that anybody
dialog: might...)
dialog: Don't drown!
text: He stops, composing himself.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: (almost quietly)
dialog: Rule number two:
text: Again, thoughtful but building to a rage at the thought that
dialog: this could happen...
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
dialog: (loudly, emphatically)
dialog: Don't let anyone else drown!
text: He stops again, and regains his composure.
speaker_heading: RICHARD (CONT'D)
text: (almost quietly to the stunned
dialog: crowd)
dialog: Thank you. Have a great summer!
text: There is stunned silence for a moment. They're not sure how
dialog: to react.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Page 18 of 81
dialog: (breaking the silence)
dialog: Alright! Whoo whoo!
text: ALEX, then everyone begins applauding. ROBBIE looks at ALEX
text: quizzically, ALEX just shrugs. The meeting breaks up.
scene_heading: 13 INT - MORNING - THE NEXT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK 13
text: Everyone is hurrying around, getting ready for opening day.
text: ROBBIE, wearing his new blue Hawaiian shirt, is cutting
text: pineapple. AOKEE is busy hovering over everyone, and cooking
text: chicken on the grill. ALEX walks in.
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: Hey, hey lookin' good. Blue is your
dialog: color. Beats that stupid t-shirt, huh?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (unhappy, stressed)
dialog: Alex! You are late. Come on, is opening
dialog: day!
text: ROBBIE finishes the pineapple and hands the tray to AOKEE,
text: almost spilling it.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE and ALEX)
dialog: You two start setting tables.
text: ALEX takes a pile of silverware wrapped in napkins, and
text: points to ROBBIE to grab a box of sugar packets to refill the
text: dispensers. ROBBIE grabs it quickly, enthusiastically, but
text: loses his grip and spills the packets on the floor.
text: At that moment, AUDREY a girl in her teens who works at
text: AOKEE'S and is stacking plastic cups on the counter,
text: accidentally knocks a stack of cups to the ground.
text: RAMON, a teenage boy who works there is behind the counter.
text: He bends over, disappearing, and we hear a crash of pots and
text: pans. His head peers up from below the counter sheepishly.
text: AOKEE turns from the grill looking at all this, and has a
text: worried look, but smiles and shrugs weakly.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to ALEX, gesturing)
dialog: Alex. Come here a minute.
text: ALEX comes up close next to him at the grill so they can
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (with intensity)
dialog: Alex, look. We falling apart. I made
dialog: you assistant manager this year. Go
dialog: assistant manage.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Page 19 of 81
dialog: (agreeing)
dialog: No problem.
text: ALEX pops a CD out of the rack above the sound system, and
text: puts it in the CD player, stopping the standard pastoral
text: Hawaiian music that has been playing.
text: He turns up the volume some on the amp, and goes over to
text: SARAH, a teenage girl working there, and grabs her grass
text: skirt by the Velcro, removing it with a Velcro rip.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry, Sarah, but I need to borrow this.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Hey! How did you know I wear shorts
dialog: under that?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (mock surprise, rolling his
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Oh, Puh-leeaase.
text: ALEX walks back out to the dining area, everyone is still
dialog: working.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, may I have your
dialog: attention, please?
text: Everyone stops and looks at ALEX.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
text: In exactly 30 minutes, hundreds of
text: dripping wet customers with fistfuls of
dialog: money smelling of chlorine and suntan
dialog: lotion will be walking in here.
dialog: And what will they be looking for?
dialog: (as if directing a choir)
scene_heading: EVERYONE TOGETHER
dialog: (except ROBBIE, who doesn't
dialog: know any better)
dialog: The best teriyaki east of the pacific!!!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Annnnnnd?
scene_heading: EVERYONE TOGETHER
dialog: (Again except ROBBIE, who
dialog: doesn't know any better)
dialog: The finest smoothies in the state!!!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Now, everyone's a little tense, except
dialog: me, of course. So to help you get in the
dialog: proper frame of mind and relax, we need
dialog: Page 20 of 81
dialog: the right soundtrack.
dialog: (to AOKEE)
dialog: Maestro?
text: AOKEE hits the play button on the CD player.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: This is little tune I like to call the
dialog: Paradise Slide.
text: (mouthing with the song as it
dialog: starts)
dialog: One, two, a one two three.
text: The music starts and ALEX, now wearing SARAH's grass skirt,
text: launches into his version of the electric slide, Hawaiian
dialog: style.
text: EVERYONE ELSE gets the beat and begins working to the music.
text: AOKEE is using his spatulas as drum sticks on the overhanging
dialog: kitchen tools.
text: RAMON has inverted an empty pot and is beating it conga-drum
dialog: style.
text: ROBBIE has picked up the sugar packets and ALEX is dancing
text: and quickly (almost casually) tossing silverware/napkin rolls
text: to ROBBIE as ROBBIE catches them (at first with some
text: difficulty) and puts them on the tables.
text: SARAH has re-stacked the cups, and is juggling salt &amp; pepper
text: shakers, placing them on the tables. AUDREY chops onions to
dialog: the beat.
scene_heading: EVERYONE TOGETHER
dialog: (on the chorus)
dialog: Don Ho, Don Ho, Don Ho. Don Ho, Don Ho,
dialog: Don Ho.
text: AOKEE has now taken all the chicken off the grill and comes
text: out from behind the counter, dancing. The others form a
text: CONGA LINE behind him.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE TOGETHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (on the chorus)
dialog: Don Ho, Don Ho, Don Ho. Don Ho, Don Ho,
dialog: Don Ho.
text: As they go by the tables they put on any missing items. They
text: get into it more and more, AOKEE especially, swinging his
text: huge, 375 pound guy hips.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE TOGETHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (on the chorus)
dialog: Don Ho, Don Ho, Don Ho. Don Ho, Don Ho,
dialog: Don Ho.
text: As the song ends (abruptly), AOKEE bumps a surfboard (part of
text: the restaurant's decoration) with his hip, knocking it and
text: another one to the ground.
dialog: Page 21 of 81
text: There is a loud crash and everyone pauses and looks at AOKEE,
text: waiting to see if he gets mad.
text: AOKEE looks down at his hip, and makes a puppy-dog face like
text: "I didn't know my hips were that big...." Everyone claps,
text: laughing. AOKEE takes a bow.
scene_heading: 14 INT -LATER THAT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK 14
text: ROBBIE and ALEX are carrying bus tubs loaded with dirty
text: dishes back toward the kitchen from the dining area.
text: AOKEE is sipping on a smoothie and leaning back on a counter.
text: There are only a few customers in the eating area.
text: They set the tubs down on a counter that passes to the back
text: area. An unseen person takes them into the dishwashing area.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
speaker_heading: (to ALEX and ROBBIE)
dialog: You did good work today.
dialog: Here. I made you some of my special
dialog: Power Smoothies. More customers later
dialog: wanting dinner before park closes. I
dialog: can't have you falling asleep on me.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to ALEX)
dialog: Alex, we are completely out of table
text: stretchers and left-handed coffee pots.
dialog: Take Robbie and go find some. I think
text: some at the first-aid station near Surf's
dialog: Up pool.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (nodding knowingly)
dialog: Right. See you in a little while.
text: They walk off carrying their smoothies.
scene_heading: 15 EXT - MOMENTS LATER - THUNDER BAY CONCESSIONS AREA 15
text: ROBBIE and ALEX are walking past Thunder Bay concessions area
text: toward THE WAVE carrying and drinking their smoothies.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: So that was a typical lunch crowd?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Well, it's early in the season yet.
dialog: We'll get busier.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Busier?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Don't worry. You'll get used to it. And
dialog: tips were good, right?
dialog: Page 22 of 81
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: There's nothing like cash money in your
dialog: pocket. What's that over there?
text: They are coming up on THE WAVE area.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh, you'll find this ride interesting.
scene_heading: 16 EXT - MOMENTS LATER - DAY - THE WAVE AREA 16
text: The walk up to THE WAVE attraction, where kids are surfing in
text: a high-water pressure river/ sheet of water. Surf music
text: plays loudly here, and kids are doing all kinds of tricks.
dialog: Some riders are good, some are not, and fall quickly.
text: We also see SKEETER and SNITCH, the tall skinny and short
text: chubby grounds kids we met earlier. They are cleaning up
text: around the exit area of THE WAVE.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (as a rider falls)
dialog: It's a lot harder than it looks.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I can't imagine it's that difficult.
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: ...no rudder on the board...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Now this is a place of many wonders. See
dialog: those guys in line over there?
text: WE SEE some guys that look a little stoned with unusual hair
text: laughing and talking to each other.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: We call them "Wave Bums". They all have
dialog: season passes, and do little more than
dialog: ride the wave all day long. Some of them
dialog: get pretty good.
text: Alex points up to a fence, behind which some smoke appears to
dialog: be drifting up.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: That's where they hang out when they're
dialog: not riding the wave. Don't get too close
dialog: to them.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (sniffing)
dialog: Contact high.
text: ROBBIE nods, understanding. ALEX points back to THE WAVE.
dialog: Page 23 of 81
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: And there, my friend, is another one of
text: The Wave's features.
text: WE SEE a pretty girl in line to ride.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: We call them "Wave Babes". And there's a
dialog: special secret to this ride.
text: With that ALEX walks over to BOB, a guy in his late teens,
text: wearing a Security Golf Shirt. He is standing and looking
text: off in a different direction.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Bob....can I borrow your radio a
dialog: minute?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Sure.
text: He hands him the radio, and ALEX is back with ROBBIE.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Hey Frank, it's Alex.
text: ALEX waves and FRANK, the guard watching THE WAVE waves back.
speaker_heading: FRANK VO
dialog: (heard through the radio)
dialog: Yo, Alex.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Listen you have a possible code 4.
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: Means a "hottie".
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (to radio)
text: She's up next. A free chicken sandwich
dialog: and a smoothie if you bounce up the
dialog: pressure a bit.
speaker_heading: FRANK VO
dialog: (heard through radio)
dialog: You got it bud. But two smoothies.
dialog: "Volcanos".
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: He knows my weak spot.
dialog: (to radio)
text: Two Volcanos and a chicken sandwich.
speaker_heading: FRANK VO
dialog: (heard through radio)
dialog: Time to go to ludicrous speed!
dialog: Page 24 of 81
text: WE SEE FRANK push forward on a handle next to him that seems
text: to resemble the throttle on a speedboat. The ambient noise
text: from the wave is noticeably higher.
text: The WAVE BABE jumps into the water with the board. SKEETER
text: and SNITCH are still cleaning near the exit.
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: (to ROBBIE, still holding the
dialog: radio)
dialog: Watch, and wait....
text: THEY LOOK intently at the WAVE BABE, who is pretty good, even
text: with the increased water flow. But, after a few deft moves,
text: she falls. ALEX looks, and sees what he is looking for.
text: ROBBIE smiles.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Yesss!
text: We look back at the WAVE BABE, but the water is obscuring our
text: view. We then see a medium shot of SKEETER and SNITCH. The
text: WAVE BABE walks past them carrying a board, but we don't see
text: below her waist, the board obscures our view.
text: SNITCH sees, and freezes, dumbstruck. SKEETER is looking
text: down at the grate where THE WAVE water drains. He reaches
text: down and pulls something out, and turns to the WAVE BABE
text: walking away.
speaker_heading: SKEETER
dialog: (unaffected)
dialog: Excuse me... Miss?
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Hello...excuse me...?
text: Finally she turns. We see her, but just a flash of her from
text: the back, as the board covers her waist area. She is puzzled
dialog: by this grounds kid.
speaker_heading: SKEETER (CONT'D)
text: (holding up the bottom to her
dialog: swimsuit)
dialog: Is this yours?
text: She looks down behind the board and reacts. She bites her
text: lower lip, winces and nods yes.
text: SKEETER hands her her swimsuit, and she looks around and
text: backs away towards a towel hanging from the fence nearby.
text: SNITCH is still frozen, stunned by what he's just seen, mouth
text: wide open. SKEETER waves his hand in front of SNITCH's face.
text: No reaction. He's never seen a naked girl before.
dialog: We're back to ALEX and ROBBIE.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (looking at ALEX)
dialog: You were right. I was interested in
dialog: Page 25 of 81
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Well, sometime bring your swimsuit.
dialog: We'll come back on break. I'll show you
dialog: how to do it. Surf's is this way. And
dialog: keep an eye out for Frank over there. We
dialog: owe him.
text: ROBBIE nods in agreement, and they walk off.
scene_heading: 17 EXT MOMENTS LATER - DAY - NEAR SURF'S UP POOL 17
text: ROBBIE and ALEX are walking past the SURF'S UP wave pool.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: The First Aid station is over there. Just
dialog: ask the guard. I just want to say hello
dialog: to this girl I know.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: OK.
text: ROBBIE walks over to the First Aid Station. DOUG FITZGERALD,
dialog: the guy we heard in line on the first day is there, he's a
dialog: guard.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey. I've been sent to find some table
text: stretchers and left-handed coffee pots.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Oh, you must be the new guy at Aokee's.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Yeah, how'd you know?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Lucky guess. Saw some at the top of
dialog: River Country. Just ask one of the
text: guards over there.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: And hey...tell that wienie Alex he still
dialog: owes me twenty bucks!
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
text: (looking back and waving as he
dialog: walks away)
dialog: Got it.
scene_heading: 18 EXT - MOMENTS LATER - CUSTOMER SERVICE KIOSK 18
text: ALEX and ROBBIE are walking to RIVER COUNTRY and walk past
text: JAFFA in the CUSTOMER SERVICE KIOSK.
dialog: Page 26 of 81
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Alex!
text: They turn and walk over.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Jama...I mean...Jaffa the Jamaican...what
dialog: shakes, it mon?
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: Jus' the same old this's and that's, mon.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Jaffa, meet Robbie Zirpollo.
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
text: Jaffa plays the tunes and talks the talk.
text: The PHONE RINGS, and Jaffa turns to answer.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: What? No way.
dialog: (hangs up phone, to ALEX &amp;
speaker_heading: ROBBIE)
dialog: Check it out...
text: JAFFA smiles and picks up a radio.
speaker_heading: JAFFA (CONT'D)
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Attention Lost River guards. We have a
dialog: report that some huge fat bald guy has
text: abandoned his swimsuit and is slidin'
dialog: down Lost River with nothin' on but a
dialog: smile. Be watchin' for a great white
dialog: whale now.
scene_heading: 19 EXT - DAY - TOP OF LOST RIVER RIDE 19
text: WE SEE two female life guards, both with a surprised look on
text: their faces. One has just reached into the water and picks it
text: up to display a HUGE pair of swim trunks. Both girls make an
dialog: Eeeew face.
scene_heading: 20 EXT - DAY - CUSTOMER SERVICE KIOSK 20
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: (on PA system now, into mike)
dialog: Attention please. Will Mr. John Big
text: Bootay report to Lost River Splashdown.
text: John Big-Bootay to Lost River Splashdown.
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: He's calling for security.
text: ALEX wanders off a moment, looking at something going on in
dialog: the distance.
dialog: Page 27 of 81
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (to JAFFA)
dialog: Wow. Jamaica. I thought I was far from
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: (dropping the accent a bit)
dialog: I'll let you in on a little secret.
dialog: Perception is everything...now, Jamal
dialog: from Aurora, he's probably over with
dialog: those guys...
text: WE SEE SKEETER and SNITCH walking into the men's room,
text: looking suspiciously around.
speaker_heading: JAFFA (CONT'D)
dialog: (back to the accent)
dialog: ...cleaning the rest rooms. But Jaffa
dialog: from Jamaica, he's in customer service,
dialog: wearin' the nice shirt and playing the
dialog: music. Perception and atmosphere. You
dialog: get it?
text: ROBBIE smiles and nods, and waves goodbye to catch up with
speaker_heading: ALEX.
scene_heading: 21 INT - MOMENTS LATER - IN MEN'S CHANGING/REST ROOM 21
text: SNITCH is filling up a water balloon, while SKEETER is tying
text: a piece of fishing line to the hook on the inside of the
text: stall door. SKEETER climbs up on top of the stall.
text: SNITCH is tying off the water balloon and grabs the other end
text: of the fishing line, and ties it to the fill end of the
text: balloon. He shuts the stall door, tosses the balloon up to
text: SKEETER, who places it strategically on the beam above the
text: toilet. SKEETER then jumps down, and they head for the door.
text: Eddie Enters. We see EDDIE cautiously checking out the
text: restroom. He reaches up over the closed stall door and feels
text: gingerly the fishing line. He smiles and shakes his head,
text: and heads for the door.
scene_heading: 22 EXT -MOMENTS LATER - APPROACHING MEN'S CHANGING/REST ROOM 22
text: EDDIE is now pushing his cart and making his way toward the
text: MEN's RESTROOM. He stops to talk to two concessions girls
text: and show them a magic trick that apparently involves a deck
text: of cards, which he pulls from a place on his cart. We see
text: him holding the cards so one girl can pick one.
scene_heading: 23 EXT - MOMENTS LATER - IN FRONT OF MEN'S CHANGING/REST ROOM 23
text: SKEETER pops his head out and looks around. He sees Eddie in
text: the distance about 5 minutes away, and putting a plastic
text: liner in a trash can. He nods and disappears into the men's
dialog: room.
text: SKEETER and SNITCH appear at the door, look out, and see
text: EDDIE finishing his card trick. He presents a card for the
dialog: Page 28 of 81
text: girls to see, and the both nod encouragingly, but as they
text: walk off, they look at each other and shrug.
text: SKEETER and SNITCH take off, barely containing their
text: laughter. But EDDIE notices them leaving. All of this has
text: happened under the watchful though distant eye of ALEX.
text: EDDIE goes into the restroom.
text: EDDIE exits the restroom and goes to his cart. At this point
text: ALEX and ROBBIE walk up to him.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Hey Eddie. What have you got?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Water balloon.
text: EDDIE reached onto his cart and pulls out a pair of scissors,
text: eyeing them.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You got this?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah. Rookies!
text: ALEX and ROBBIE walk away as EDDIE places a "RESTROOM CLOSED"
text: sandwich board in front of the door. Just then BIG MIKE
text: rushes up.
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE
dialog: (big hurry-potty emergency)
dialog: Oh Eddie. Listen, I know you're working
dialog: but you hold on for just a minute. I've
dialog: been so busy, and I really gotta go.
text: EDDIE motions and tries to find the words....
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But....no....
text: But BIG MIKE is already in. Eddies waits for it, wincing,
text: and there is a loud splash...
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE (O.S.)
dialog: (echoing through the door)
dialog: Yeahhhah that's cold!
text: EDDIE just shrugs and puts away his scissors.
scene_heading: 24 EXT -MOMENTS LATER - TOP OF RIVER COUNTRY 24
text: Two young women guards, KATIE and AMY are loading kids into
text: tubes and pushing them onto the slide. AMY is a little older
text: than KATIE.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: ...so then he just disappeared. I had to
dialog: call my Dad to come pick me up.
dialog: Page 29 of 81
text: KATIE just shakes her head in amazement. ROBBIE and ALEX
text: walk up to them. AMY is out of earshot, loading a kid.
text: ALEX hangs back a bit.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
speaker_heading: (to KATIE)
dialog: Hi. We're looking for some table
text: stretchers and left-handed coffee pots.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What? Amy, this guy is looking for a
dialog: table stretcher?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (coming over)
dialog: Aokee's huh?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Uh, yes...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (to ROBBIE, seeing ALEX in the
dialog: background)
dialog: They're all down at Big Mike's last I
dialog: saw.
dialog: (to ALEX)
dialog: When you gonna tell him?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Hi, Amy. Who's this?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Katie, this is Alex and...
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
speaker_heading: (taken with KATIE)
dialog: Robbie. Ummm, Rob Zirpollo.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Well, anyway, Big Mike's is where they
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Thanks.
text: ALEX and ROBBIE walk off.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What a couple of losers.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I don't know...I thought Robbie was kind
dialog: of cute...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Listen, you're new, so let me tell you
dialog: how things are. First those guys were
dialog: wearing blue shorts. That means
dialog: Page 30 of 81
dialog: concessions.
dialog: (uses her fingers to explain)
dialog: The Water World social structure is
text: organized on three levels. At the bottom
dialog: are the Trash Rats.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Trash rats?
speaker_heading: AMY
text: Bottom feeders. Grounds kids. Babies.
text: They clean the toilets and empty the
text: trash. Most are only 14 years old. It's
dialog: the only job younger kids can do here.
dialog: Next up is concessions. They're our
dialog: "middle class". We don't hang with them
dialog: and they don't much hang with us. At the
dialog: top of heap are the guards. You are a
dialog: guard. Girl, if you want to go out with
dialog: someone, stick with your own kind.
speaker_heading: KATIE
text: (looking off at ROBBIE and ALEX
dialog: walking away)
dialog: Aw, that's just silly. I think he's
dialog: cute.
scene_heading: 25 EXT -DAY BOTTOM OF RIVER COUNTRY ON THE WAY TO BIG MIKE'S 25
text: This in an area where riders splash down from riding a tube
text: down the River Country slides. ROBBIE and ALEX are walking
text: past the splashdown area.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: What did that girl Amy mean?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: When she said, when are you going to tell
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'll tell you over a hamburger at Big
dialog: Mike's.
text: ROBBIE and ALEX proceed to BIG MIKE's out of frame.
text: SUDDENLY in the background we see a tube splashdown from a
text: slide and the 7 year-old girl riding in it falls out.
text: Realizing she is no longer safely in a tube she screams and
text: begins splashing as if drowning. A guard nearby blows a
text: single tweet of her whistle.
text: IN SLOW MOTION we see four other guards throughout the area
text: turn and react to the whistle. They begin running, BAYWATCH
text: style towards the scene.
dialog: Page 31 of 81
text: Two guards are running and carrying a backboard. They
text: converge in another BAYWATCH style slow-mo shot and line up
text: along the edge of the splashdown pool.
text: One guard in the middle has a rescue tube, and, still in slow
text: motion, squats down slowly as if to jump in and rescue the
dialog: girl.
text: At the low end of the jump crouch, however he stops. WE SEE
text: his face in close-up as he says.
speaker_heading: RESCUE GUARD
text: (slow-motion, voice distorted,
dialog: to the girl)
dialog: Staaaannnd Uuuuuuuupppp!
text: The drowning girl stops splashing wildly, and realizes she
text: can indeed stand up. She looks at all the guards lined up,
text: smiles sheepishly, and walks out of the pool.
scene_heading: 26 EXT - MOMENTS LATER - BIG MIKE'S 26
text: ALEX is standing outside of BIG MIKE's. ROBBIE is walking
text: out of the restaurant.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (Shaking his head)
dialog: Aokee's not going to be happy. Nobody
dialog: seems to know where these things are...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yep.
dialog: (now laughing)
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: There's no such thing as a table
text: stretcher or a left-handed coffee pot.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: What a dirty trick.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: It's just Aokee's way of giving you a
dialog: tour of the park without having to be
dialog: there. Consider it a rookie initiation.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (still mad)
dialog: Humph.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Time to make it up to you. Come on.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. DAY - BACK OF BIG MIKE'S 27
dialog: Page 32 of 81
text: ALEX knocks loudly on the door.
text: A teenage boy, DAVE in a BIG MIKE's uniform answers.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Alex!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Hey Davey...how 'bout two for two?
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Malts?
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (looks at ROBBIE)
dialog: Chocolate.
speaker_heading: (ROBBIE nods)
text: DAVE disappears for moment.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, if he ever shows up at our back
dialog: door, we owe him chicken and smoothies.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: But...don't we get an employee discount?
dialog: Shouldn't we go in the front?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Well...the discount is larger this way.
text: ROBBIE is getting out money from his pocket, counting through
dialog: it.
text: DAVE shows up with two burgers and two malts, and hands them
text: to ALEX, disappears and shuts the door quickly. ROBBIE is
text: still staring at his money.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on...let's go eat!
text: They walk out of frame.
scene_heading: 28 INT -DAY AOKEE'S SURF AND SNACK SHACK 28
text: ALEX and ROBBIE are cleaning tables after another busy lunch.
text: WE SEE that AOKEE is filling up a bucket, and getting a scrub
text: brush, and heads out the doorway.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh boy. Here we go.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: Aokee. The pigeons have been taking
text: target practice on his trophy pedestal.
dialog: Come on.
text: They exit out the same doorway as AOKEE.
dialog: Page 33 of 81
scene_heading: 29 EXT - DAY - AOKEE'S SURF AND SNACK SHACK 29
text: AOKEE is busily cleaning and cursing the pigeons.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (speaking Hawaiian)
dialog: Stupid Pigeons. They should all die!
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: Happens every week.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (to AOKEE)
dialog: What is this thing for anyway?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Someday, Robbie. Someday.
text: He keeps cleaning.
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: That stand is to display the coveted
dialog: Surfer King trophy.
dialog: Aokee seems to think that one day some
dialog: concessions kid with more courage than
dialog: brains is going to beat the lifeguards in
dialog: the annual Employee Olympics.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: And what would this concessions kid have
dialog: to do?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Nothing, really. Just out surf the
dialog: strongest guard of them all in the
dialog: surfing competition. No big deal.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Has it ever happened?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: A guard always wins the surf competition.
dialog: Know why?
speaker_heading: TOGETHER
speaker_heading: (ROBBIE and ALEX)
dialog: Because concessions kids can't swim!
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (still cleaning)
dialog: Someday.
text: They go back into AOKEE'S SURF AND SNACK SHACK.
scene_heading: 30 INT MOMENTS LATER -DAY- AOKEE'S SURF AND SNACK SHACK 30
text: ROBBIE is now behind the counter making smoothies. He puts
dialog: Page 34 of 81
text: them up and the two kids waiting take them and walk away.
text: In walk AMY and KATIE.
speaker_heading: KATIE
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: Hi there.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (blinking, smiling)
dialog: Hello. On break?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yeah. Two Blue Crushes please.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Coming up.
text: He shakes a mix container, blends it for about 5 seconds and
text: pours it out into two cups. He then puts in two umbrellas
text: with pineapple.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oooh. Umbrellas. I've never gotten
text: umbrellas before.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: These are only for VIP guests.
text: AMY looks over to KATIE and rolls her eyes.
text: ALEX arrives at this point, and decides to provide a
dialog: distraction.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Amy. Have you ever seen the fabulous
dialog: Cummings and Robbins 2000-B?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: I don't think so.
text: As he leads her back into the kitchen...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It's incredible. It washes 2000 plates
dialog: an hour....
speaker_heading: KATIE
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: So... you're not from around here, huh?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: California. I just moved here at the
dialog: beginning of the summer.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I'll bet California's nice. I've never
dialog: been west of the mountains.
dialog: Page 35 of 81
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You'd love the ocean. And the sunsets
dialog: are incredible. You can almost hear the
text: sizzle as the sun drops into the ocean...
dialog: (daydreaming a bit)
dialog: Of course, we all know it doesn't drop
text: into the ocean.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: No.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm surprised you're not a guard, coming
dialog: from the ocean and all.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Let's just say I missed my chance, and
dialog: Alex saved me from a death worse than
dialog: fate. I was very nearly a trash rat.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: Oh. Good save.
text: ALEX has distracted AMY all he could and they return from the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Well. That was exciting. Maybe next
dialog: time you can show me how to scrub the
dialog: grill. Come on, Katie.
text: They leave.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (to ROBBIE, interested)
dialog: Well...how'd you do?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Mmmm. I told her how beautiful the
dialog: California sunsets are.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Good job. You work fast. Hey it's time
dialog: for our break. Bring your swimsuit?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Yeah. The Wave?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: The Wave. I love that water.
text: ROBBIE looks confused.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
text: Can't swim. It's only three inches deep.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (grabbing his suit and a towel)
dialog: Ah ha! Let's go.
dialog: Page 36 of 81
scene_heading: 31 EXT -MOMENTS LATER - THE WAVE AREA 31
text: ROBBIE and ALEX have their swimsuits on, and are in line to
text: get on THE WAVE. ALEX is coaching ROBBIE.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Now, just take it easy, and don't expect
dialog: too much at first. When you wipe out,
dialog: your ride is done.
text: ALEX is up now, and he grabs the board and jumps in. He is
text: pretty good, but not nearly as good as the WAVE BUMS. He
text: does a few tricks and wipes out. He gets up and walks up to
text: the line to watch ROBBIE.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Just ease into it.
text: ROBBIE takes the board and looks around. He jumps full force
text: onto the wave. It takes him just a moment to get the feel of
text: the board, and then he is all over it, making the WAVE BUMS
text: look like rookies. Spins, rolls, everything that can be done
text: he does. Finally, the guard blows a whistle indicating that
dialog: his time is up.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (meeting him at the exit)
dialog: Gees. Where did you learn to do that?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I'm from Oceanside, California. I was
text: born on a surfboard.
text: They start walking back.
text: They stop for a moment to look at Thunder Bay. Just then a
text: wave spews out, and kids on tubes are screaming as they
dialog: always do.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Think you could ride that?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (looking right into ALEX's
dialog: eyes)
dialog: In my sleep.
text: ALEX just smiles.
scene_heading: 32 INT - LATER THAT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK 32
text: AOKEE is cleaning up behind the counter. ALEX is grinning
text: like the cat that ate the canary.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: What you so happy about?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Page 37 of 81
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: You're not gonna believe it...
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Listen. Some guy came in today and try
dialog: to buy a sandwich and pay with a phone
dialog: card. Today I believe anything.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I took Robbie to The Wave today.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: What? He drown?
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: No. It turns out that he's from
dialog: Oceanside. California. You know, where
dialog: they always hold those surf competitions?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Yeah. So?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It turns out that he placed second in the
dialog: state high school finals for the
dialog: shortboard competition. As a Sophomore.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Robbie.
dialog: (laughing in disbelief,
dialog: dismissive, then serious)
text: Robbie barely walk without help.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I saw it myself. You wouldn't believe
dialog: it.
text: We hear a loud CRASH from the kitchen. AOKEE winces and
text: gestures toward the kitchen.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: I don' believe it. Our Robbie?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Our Robbie.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: If this true....this could be da year.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: That's what I was thinking.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Well, go get him. We need to make ready.
dialog: He not just walk in and win this thing.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You heard it. He's in the kitchen...
dialog: Page 38 of 81
text: ALEX goes into the back. AOKEE sits at a table. Robbie
text: comes out of the kitchen wearing a dishwasher apron.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Robbie, sit down. Alex, make up a
dialog: Volcano. This boy in training.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (sitting down, worried)
dialog: What did I spill now?
text: WE HEAR the whine of a blender as ALEX is working on the
dialog: Volcano Smoothie.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Robbie, Alex tell me you are some kind of
dialog: surfer. This true?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I dunno. Yeah, surfing is usually how I
dialog: spend my summers.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: You know about Employee Olympics?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Yeah. Some kind of trophy.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Surfer King trophy. Very big. Very
dialog: nice.
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: Concessions never win.
text: ALEX arrives with the Volcano Smoothie. He turns a chair
text: around and sits. They will gang up on him.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I dunno...seems kind of silly to me.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It's a big deal. Every girl wants to date
dialog: you. Every guy wants to BE you.
dialog: Special privileges...we all wear standard
dialog: uniforms. The Surfer King gets to be
dialog: creative. You ever see the cowboy hat
dialog: Cowboy wears?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: It shouldn't be that hard...how good
dialog: could this Cowboy be?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: He very good. His family go to Hawaii
dialog: every year, two, three weeks. Good
dialog: surfer. If you do this, you need to see
dialog: Pipeman.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Page 39 of 81
dialog: Pipeman?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: He's a myth.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Oh, no. Pipeman very real. Works here
dialog: in park. Low profile. You must find him
dialog: and convince him to teach you the secrets
dialog: of the Thunder Bay wave. This not the
dialog: ocean, surf boy.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Pipeman. The Banzai Pipeline. I get it.
dialog: Some kind of legendary surf champ. Where
dialog: do we find him?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: I only see him once, maybe twice. Stay
text: behind scenes. But here he is and find
dialog: him you must.
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: So. You do this?
text: Robbie looks at them, thinking for a moment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33 INT -MOMENTS LATER - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK 33
text: WE SEE quarters going ding ding ding into the pay phone on
text: AOKEE'S wall. The shot widens to reveal AOKEE is dumping
text: quarters and ROBBIE is holding the phone. He puts it up to
text: his ear.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello, Grandma? No, I'm fine. Listen,
dialog: Grandma...I need you to send me a few of
dialog: my things...
text: AOKEE and ALEX are huddled around smiling.
scene_heading: 34 INT - DAY - BIG MIKE'S OFFICE 34
text: BIG MIKE is standing, walking around as he speaks, TIFFANY is
text: sitting. Clearly she is being scolded.
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: ....why you wouldn't believe the things
dialog: I've heard. Just stupid things. Cutting
text: in line. Demanding special treatment.
dialog: Oh, and how about this one:
dialog: (mimicking her)
dialog: Princesses don't carry trash.
dialog: (back to his voice)
dialog: I've often thought it was a mistake to
dialog: have you work here. Maybe I was right.
dialog: Page 40 of 81
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (trying to dance out of it)
dialog: Oh, daddy. You know how jealous people
dialog: get.
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE
dialog: I'd almost believe that. But I was behind
dialog: the First Aid station when you said the
dialog: "princess" line. This park exists
dialog: because the kids here work hard. They
dialog: need to be treated fairly. They need to
dialog: see you are just another lifeguard.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: But I'm not just another lifeguard.
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE
dialog: (mad again)
dialog: You won't even be that if this continues.
dialog: If you want to keep coming here every day
dialog: and driving that little convertible of
dialog: yours, I need to see real, concrete
dialog: changes in your attitude.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: All right. What do you expect me to do?
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE
dialog: For one thing, start mingling with "the
dialog: commoners". You'd be amazed at how nice
dialog: some of the people who work here are.
dialog: Make some friends outside that little
dialog: group of yours. It's the work of the
dialog: average teenager here that puts food on
dialog: our table. Show some gratitude.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (thinking a moment)
dialog: Fine. I'll work it.
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE
dialog: (softening, but firm)
dialog: Good. Work on it. Please?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (nodding, but we don't believe
dialog: her)
dialog: Oh, Daddy. Don't worry about a thing.
scene_heading: 35 EXT MORNING - THE NEXT DAY - TIME SHACK 35
text: ROBBIE and ALEX hook up and grab their time cards. There is
text: a banner hanging that says, "Employee Luau Tonight", and
text: SKEETER and SNITCH have taken a 5 gallon bucket and are using
dialog: it as a stepladder to attach something.
text: SKEETER is on the bucket with a stapler in his hand. SNITCH
text: hands up the hand-lettered magic marker addition, which
dialog: Page 41 of 81
text: SKEETER staples on to the bottom of the banner while SNITCH
text: keeps a lookout.
text: The addition says, "COME GET LEI'D". They scamper off,
dialog: laughing.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (looking up at the sign)
dialog: This will be good. Aokee throws a great
dialog: Luau.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I don't how much fun it will be. With
dialog: Aokee hosting, we'll be working.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: There'll still be time for fun. Most of
dialog: the work is setting up. Besides, we get
dialog: paid, too. When was the last time you
dialog: got paid to party?
text: With that, ALEX punches in, as if to punctuate the line.
scene_heading: 36 EXT - NIGHT - OUTSIDE AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK 36
text: It is dark, but the place is lit up by little lights
text: everywhere, Christmas lights in the fake palm trees, TIKI
text: lights around AOKEE's, and lights lighting a stage where a
text: band is playing, what else, surf music.
text: Buffet tables line the area, and there is SMOOTHIE BAR set
text: up. BIG MIKE himself is behind the bar making smoothies,
text: while RICHARD is playing bass in the band. AOKEE is running
text: around making sure all the buffet items are full. Everyone
text: is wearing Leis, but the cheap plastic ones, except AOKEE and
text: his staff, who have real ones flown in from Hawaii.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (pouring out four smoothies to
speaker_heading: ROBBIE and ALEX)
dialog: OK. You work hard, and we fine now.
dialog: Your time to party. Here they are.
dialog: Special Love Smoothies. Be careful!
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: These never fail.
text: ALEX picks up two Leis from a box behind the counter. He and
text: Robbie walk over to AMY and KATIE who are standing over near
text: the buffet.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (to ROBBIE, but if front of AMY
dialog: and Katie)
dialog: Now this will never do.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (agreeing)
dialog: I'm afraid you're right. Something must
dialog: Page 42 of 81
dialog: be done.
text: ALEX and ROBBIE set the smoothies on a nearby table. They
text: remove the cheap plastic Leis the girls are wearing. Then
text: they put on the real ones they carried over. ALEX steps back
dialog: to admire his work.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh, yes, yes....
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
text: Perfect. A work of art.
text: The girls look at each other and smile. ALEX and ROBBIE grab
text: the smoothies and hand two to the girls. AMY sips hers right
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don't remember anything like this on
dialog: Aokee's menu.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: They're..
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: ..special smoothies. Fortunately, you
dialog: know people on the inside.
text: Onstage, the band had finished a tune before the dialog began
text: above. Now JAFFA steps up to the mike.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: We'd like thank Aokee and his crew for
dialog: hosting this evening's Luau.
text: Everyone applauds, AOKEE waves. Alex raises a hand and waves
text: off the accolade. ROBBIE nods and smiles as the AMY and
text: KATIE clap as well.
speaker_heading: JAFFA (CONT'D)
dialog: We'd also like to bring Aokee up to sing
dialog: one of his Hawaiian specialties.
text: Again, everyone claps and cheers him on. AOKEE goes on
dialog: stage.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You girls want to dance?
speaker_heading: KATIE
text: (grabbing ROBBIE's hand and
text: leading out to the dance
dialog: floor)
dialog: Sure.
text: AMY shrugs yes and goes out with ALEX.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (onstage)
dialog: Page 43 of 81
text: Mahalo and Aloha. This song is sung on
dialog: my island for all young people in
dialog: love...or about to be. Is called E
dialog: O'Mai, or, You Are Mine.
text: AOKEE begins singing the Hawaiian love song, "E O'Mai". Many
text: couples are dancing; it is a slow song.
text: ALEX, of course, is a goof. He dances slow, but every once
text: in a while executes a deep dip, much to AMY's terror.
text: EDDIE is off to the edge of the dance floor, watching,
text: longingly, and kind of swaying to the music. A couple of
text: girls walk by and he does a magic trick for them.
text: He holds both hands up, palms open to show he has nothing in
text: his hands. He also gestures that he has no sleeves (he is
text: wearing a tuxedo t-shirt). He reaches behind his back and
text: pulls out a trick bouquet of flowers, but they don't quite
text: open right, and are still unfolding as he holds them.
text: EDDIE smiles weakly, he knows that isn't quite how it was
text: supposed to go. The girls appear encouraging, but as they
text: leave look at each other and giggle.
text: We pick up ROBBIE and KATIE dancing.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: So. How are things working out at
dialog: Aokee's?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Oh, he's great. Alex too. I thought
dialog: this summer was going to be a train
text: wreck, but it's not turning out too bad.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Well, of course this isn't California...
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: No, but it looks like I will get a chance
dialog: to do some surfing anyway.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Apparently there's some kind of surfing
dialog: contest and Aokee is all over me to
dialog: enter.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: You mean the Surfer King?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You've heard of it?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It's all the other girls seem to talk
dialog: about. This is my first year, but
dialog: Page 44 of 81
dialog: apparently it's a pretty big deal. Being
dialog: from Oceanside, you should have a good
dialog: chance.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: We'll see. It seems kind of stupid to
dialog: me. A surfing contest in Colorado.
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: My friends back home would never believe
dialog: it.
text: They continue to dance. WE SEE BIG MIKE talking to TIFFANY
text: and gesturing broadly. TIFFANY is clearly not agreeing with
text: what he is saying. COWBOY is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly she
text: throws up her hands and marches over to the dance floor where
text: EDDIE is standing alone, swaying a bit to the music.
text: She whispers something in his ear, and EDDIE'S eyes get real
text: big as she leads him by the hand to the middle of the dance
text: floor. She wraps her arms around EDDIE and they dance, all
text: the while glaring at her father.
text: EDDIE knows a good thing when he sees it, and quickly settles
text: in, Big Man on Campus. TIFFANY is taller than he is, so he
text: happily puts his head on HER shoulder.
text: BIG MIKE looks back at them, not happy with the way it
text: happened, but satisfied.
text: DOUG FITZGERALD (twenty bucks DOUG) is dancing with a girl
text: when ALEX, doing some kind of fancy spin to AMY, bumps into
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (to ALEX)
dialog: Alex. Got my twenty bucks?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh, Dougie. You know, I left my wallet
dialog: over in my locker. I'll see you before
dialog: we leave and get it to you then.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah, sure.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You know, you could always come by
dialog: Aokee's and I could give it to you in
dialog: trade.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Cash money, Alex. Cash money.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: No problem.
text: ALEX grabs AMY and swings her into another fancy move that
text: leads them away from DOUG.
dialog: Page 45 of 81
text: The song ends, and everybody claps. AOKEE bows.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
speaker_heading: (to KATIE)
dialog: Hey, listen. Alex told me about this
text: great spot on the other side of Thunder
text: Bay that looks down on the party, but
dialog: it's a little more quiet. Want to go for
dialog: a walk?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Sure.
text: They pick up their smoothies and walk off into the night.
scene_heading: 37 EXT MOMENTS LATER - NIGHT - NORTH EDGE OF THUNDER BAY 37
text: ROBBIE is walking on the seawall that separates the bay from
text: the sunning area, tightrope style. KATIE walks next to him.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: So...what made your folks pick up from
dialog: beautiful southern California and move to
dialog: Colorado?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Not both my folks. Just my Mom.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Aha...trouble in paradise?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Let's just say my father had an eye for
dialog: his administrative assistant, and now
dialog: they're both somewhere in Mexico. Mom
dialog: got a job here, some of her family's
dialog: here, so they said "Colorady is the place
dialog: you outta be".
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It could be worse.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Well, I must admit, I've met some very
dialog: nice people.
dialog: (looking down and smiling)
dialog: In California, the attitude's a little
dialog: different. Here, not everyone is out to
dialog: prove something. Seem's like everyone
dialog: just wants to have fun.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I have a theory. Sometimes it snows here
dialog: so hard, that it's a challenge just to
dialog: get to work or to school. Everything
dialog: shuts down for a day or so. If your car
text: gets stuck, people appear from nowhere to
dialog: help pull you out and get you back on the
dialog: road. Most people here don't just look
dialog: out for themselves. A lot of times,
dialog: Page 46 of 81
dialog: they're looking out for you, too.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. MOMENTS LATER - NIGHT - CUSTOMER SERVICE KIOSK 38
text: ALEX and AMY are inside the KIOSK. ALEX is showing her how
dialog: everything works.
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: All these switches feed sound throughout
dialog: the park. Which reminds me.
text: He pulls out a CD and pops it into the CD Player and presses
text: PLAY. He sees a flyswatter and begins waving it around like
text: a sword.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: And this is for bad little girls who
dialog: don't know how to have fun.
text: He begins swishing it around, AMY is giggling.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Oops. There....almost got you.
text: AMY is dodging and laughing. ALEX closes in and seems like
text: he will kiss her, but just starts gumming her neck, tickling
text: her. AMY leans back laughing and WE SEE her back hits the
text: volume knob on the amplifier.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER GRAND PAVILION 39
text: They have reached the area to the west of Thunder Bay. It is
text: simply a concrete pad that overlooks the party below. We
dialog: hear "Paradise is in Your Eyes" by Michael Peace, which
text: begins with a lot of jungle sound effects.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (looking down at the party)
dialog: You were right. This is nice.
dialog: (reacting to the jungle noises)
dialog: But not necessarily quieter.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Just a sec.
text: He walks away slightly and gets on the radio.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Alex. Give us break down here.
dialog: Turn down the sound effects.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. NIGHT - CUSTOMER SERVICE KIOSK 40
text: ALEX and AMY are kissing; she is up on the counter of the
speaker_heading: KIOSK.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (interrupting, but to AMY)
dialog: Uh oh. Sorry. Hold that thought.
dialog: Page 47 of 81
text: He grabs the radio.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (into the radio)
dialog: I'm on it.
text: He turns down the volume back to normal. He also flips a
text: switch. They hear the tune now, and AMY jumps off the
text: counter, stands there and smiles. ALEX does an over-the-top
text: mambo moving to her and they start to slow dance.
scene_heading: 41 EXT. NIGHT - GRAND PAVILION 41
text: ROBBIE has set down the radio, and is walking back to KATIE
text: now, who is swaying to the music. He doesn't get too close
text: to her, and actually stands off to her left.
text: Since she has the room and is momentarily inspired, she
text: begins a few dance moves, ballet, and then ballroom style.
text: ROBBIE has seen this sort of thing before, and instinctively,
text: almost without thinking steps in and becomes her dance
text: partner. They proceed in a beautiful dance that almost seems
text: rehearsed. Finally it occurs to them both.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (quizzically)
dialog: So where did you learn to dance like
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Eight years at Miss Vickie's Studio of
dialog: Dance. What surprises me is you.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (somewhat embarrassed, keeps
dialog: dancing)
dialog: Can you keep my deepest, darkest secret?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: When you grow up within spitting distance
dialog: of Hollywood, every mother seems to think
dialog: her child is the next Harrison Ford. So
dialog: when I was about 12, my Mom started
dialog: taking me to all these auditions for
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: So are you the next Harrison Ford?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Some days I'm not even the next Robbie
dialog: Zirpollo.
text: They continue to dance. After a few moments...
dialog: Page 48 of 81
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: ....and?
text: They stop and walk over to the railing overlooking the party.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Turns out I get this part. They're
dialog: selling some dish soap or something, and
dialog: they think it will be magical to have
text: two twelve year old kids dancing ballroom
dialog: on this fantasy set with clouds and
dialog: everything. They lock this girl and I
text: into a dance studio with a choreographer
dialog: for two weeks, and then they shoot the
dialog: commercial.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Doesn't sound so terrible. You certainly
dialog: learned how to dance.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Yeah, but when it came out everyone in
dialog: school saw it. I couldn't go anywhere
dialog: for six months without everyone in the
text: room laughing their heads off.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (touched, drawing closer)
dialog: I'm not laughing.
text: They kiss, then return to dancing.
scene_heading: 42 EXT. MORNING - THE NEXT DAY - OUTSIDE AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK 42
scene_heading: SHACK - SURF MUSIC BED
text: WE SEE ALEX and ROBBIE discussing something; forming a plan.
text: They are going to look for Pipeman. ALEX gestures in one
text: direction, and ROBBIE takes off. ALEX goes in another.
scene_heading: 43 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - DAY FIRST AID SHACK NEAR 43
scene_heading: FUNHOUSE - SURF MUSIC BED
text: ALEX walks up to the Guard, appears to ask a question. The
text: guard shakes his head "no".
text: ALEX walks off.
scene_heading: 44 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - GIFT SHOP - SURF MUSIC BED 44
text: ROBBIE is talking to a cashier in the store. She shakes her
text: head 'no'. Robbie walks out hurriedly.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - CUSTOMER SERVICE KIOSK - SURF45
speaker_heading: MUSIC BED
text: ALEX is talking to Jaffa. JAFFA gestures wildly, as if
text: telling some big mythical story, but at the end throws up his
text: hands as if to say, "I don't know".
dialog: Page 49 of 81
scene_heading: 46 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - SOMEWHERE AT WATER WORLD - 46
speaker_heading: SURF MUSIC BED
text: We are in pitch darkness. We hear the sound of heavy
text: scraping metal. Lights shine and we are looking up through a
text: manhole cover being removed. ROBBIE bends over the hole and
text: hollers "PIPEMAN" and peers in. He shakes his head
text: negatively and moves on.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - BIG MIKE'S - SURF MUSIC BED 47
text: We are at the back door to Big Mike's. ALEX knocks, and the
text: same kid as before, DAVE, pops his head out. ALEX appears to
text: ask a question, DAVE goes back in as ALEX waits. DAVE comes
text: out again and gestures, "no one knows". ALEX starts to leave,
text: but turns back and asks something else. DAVE disappears and
text: comes back with a burger. ALEX shrugs, and walks away
text: unwrapping and eating the burger.
scene_heading: 48 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - BACK OF SOME BUILDING 48
text: ROBBIE sees a door marked, "EMPLOYEES ONLY". He looks down
text: at his employee ID and shrugs and goes in. As he enters we
text: see he is pushed out by some unknown force. Out the open
text: door comes "Wally" the Water World mascot, who walks off.
text: Robbie has been knocked to the ground and looks up, shaking
text: his head. He gets up and walks off.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - BACK OF SOME BUILDING - SURF49
speaker_heading: MUSIC BED
text: Now it is ALEX who has separately come upon the same door,
text: not knowing ROBBIE has already been there. He enters, and
text: the door remains open. We hear girls screaming and he exits
text: quickly, followed by a volley of thrown girl's underwear,
text: swimsuits and towels.
scene_heading: 50 INT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - THUNDER BAY PUMPHOUSE - SURF50
speaker_heading: MUSIC BED
text: This room is creepy. It is full of loud pumps and large
text: pipes. ROBBIE is making his way through a labyrinth of
text: piping and gauges and the like. He peers and sees a head
text: with a red scarf, but it moves out of view. Surf music
text: fades.
text: There is a constant whine of the pumps. ROBBIE moves further
text: in and finally comes across a man holding a large pipewrench,
text: with his back to him. He is working to tame a small leak.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: No reaction.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (loudly this time)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: Page 50 of 81
text: This startles and kind of angers PIPEMAN.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Hey. You're not supposed to be in here.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Yeah, sorry. Are you Pipeman?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: (recovering from the startle)
dialog: Not on purpose.
dialog: I guess some people call me Pipeman.
dialog: 'Spose it's better than Carl.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: So you're real name's Carl?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: No. I just said Pipeman was a better
dialog: name than Carl.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Oh. Well, my name's Robbie. I work at
dialog: Aokee's.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Oh. OK. What the hell you doin' down
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I need your help.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: That scrubsink at Aokee's leakin' again?
dialog: Gees, I knew we shoudda replaced...
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: It's not the scrub sink. I need your
dialog: help. I'm competing in the Employee
dialog: Olympics. With your advanced surfing
dialog: experience, Aokee thought you might be
dialog: able to help me.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Everybody wants to be the Surfer King.
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: What advanced surfing experience?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Well, you know. "Pipeman"? Hawaii's
dialog: North Shore? Surfing the pipeline?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Ohhh. Bad news, kid. I hate to
dialog: disappoint you, but this is the reason
dialog: they call me Pipeman. I'm the plumber
dialog: around here.
text: PIPEMAN holds up the large wrench.
dialog: Page 51 of 81
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Oh, boy. See, I'm from California, and
dialog: I can surf, I just don't know what to
dialog: expect from the wave on Thunder Bay.
dialog: I...I was just hoping you could help, I
dialog: really am sorry for bothering you.
text: ROBBIE begins walking out, dejected. PIPEMAN looks at him,
dialog: and feels sorry for him.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Wait a minute, kid. I do know a little
dialog: about surfing. I also know a lot about
dialog: the wave here. What exactly are you
dialog: looking for from me?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (perking up)
dialog: I need a mentor; you know like in Karate
dialog: Kid.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Karate Kid. He works at Big Mike's
dialog: doesn't he?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: No, no it's a movie.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Never seen it. Don't know much about
dialog: this mentor thing. How's it work?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Generally, you, as mentor, draw on some
dialog: personal religious philosophy to first
dialog: intimidate, and then later inspire me.
dialog: What religion are you?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I'm Norman.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Ah, Brigham Young and all that.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: No, no NNNNORM-AN. We follow the big fat
text: guy on Cheers reruns.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Okay...and your belief structure....
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Usually involves a lot of beer and corn
dialog: nuts, but I don't think that's gonna work
dialog: here.
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Tell you what.
dialog: Meet me at Thunder Bay tomorrow morning,
dialog: Page 52 of 81
dialog: eight a.m., bring your board and we'll
dialog: work something out.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Great, perfect. Thanks. I won't let you
dialog: down.
text: (walking away, muttering to
dialog: himself)
dialog: What the heck is a corn-nut?
scene_heading: 51 EXT. MORNING - THE NEXT DAY - THUNDER BAY 51
text: WE SEE Thunder Bay looking east. AOKEE and ALEX are setting
text: up lawn chairs. AOKEE is lathering on suntan lotion, and
text: puts on a large straw hat. ALEX puts sun block cream on his
text: nose, and they both sit on the lawn chairs. They both have
text: large smoothies.
text: ROBBIE appears with his surfboard, and lays it up against the
text: east fence at Thunder Bay. PIPEMAN arrives carrying a small
text: device in a plastic ziplock bag.
text: ROBBIE approaches PIPEMAN.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Hi! Glad you could make it.
text: (pointing to PIPEMAN's hand)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: This is how I trigger the wave.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: With that? A garage door clicker?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: What did you think? Waves just happen?
dialog: This is Colorado, kid. Now get your
text: board and get in the water.
text: Robbie gets his board and jumps into Thunder Bay, paddling
text: over to the narrow side where the wave begins.
text: PIPEMAN goes down the stairs leading to near where ROBBIE has
dialog: positioned himself.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You sure that's where you want to be?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Should be about right. Aren't you
dialog: getting in? Where's your board?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Mentors don't get wet. I looked it up.
dialog: (pressing the clicker)
dialog: Get ready.
text: A wave comes and ROBBIE begins paddling. He misses it,
dialog: Page 53 of 81
text: splashes the water angrily and turns back to paddle to
text: position again. AOKEE and ALEX look at each other nervously.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Want to know what you did wrong?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (mad)
dialog: Just gimme another wave.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Oakey doakey.
text: Another wave comes. ROBBIE paddles furiously and misses it
text: again. Now he's really angry.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (tersely)
dialog: Okay. Please. Tell me what I did wrong.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: You're in the wrong position. The wave
text: doesn't crest that soon. Move ten feet
text: further away from the back wall.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: The ocean never had a back wall.
dialog: (to Pipeman)
dialog: Thank you.
text: ROBBIE paddles over to the spot suggested by PIPEMAN. AOKEE
text: and ALEX are now sitting on the edge of the lawn chairs
text: anxiously awaiting the next wave. It comes and ROBBIE
text: catches it easily and begins riding it aggressively. He has
text: a good run and kicks out at the end.
text: AOKEE and ALEX high-five.
speaker_heading: ALEX AND AOKEE
dialog: (together)
dialog: Yeee-haww.
text: They settle back into their chairs to absorb some sun.
scene_heading: 52 INT. DAY AOKEE'S SURF AND SNACK SHACK - DAY 52
text: AOKEE is behind the counter finishing up making a smoothie.
text: RICHARD, head lifeguard is on the other side; he will get the
dialog: smoothie.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: So. I hear he's pretty good. Haven't
dialog: seen him myself yet.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (concerned, covering)
dialog: Good? Good at what? Who you mean?
dialog: Page 54 of 81
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Come on. Your ringer from California.
dialog: Everyone says he's gonna give Cowboy a
dialog: run for his money.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Robbie? Robbie barely walk without help.
text: We hear a loud CRASH from the kitchen.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Gees!
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Ha!
text: AOKEE gestures back towards the kitchen.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Your Surfer King. We just make a good
dialog: show. Your boy have nothing to worry
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: You know I'd feel a lot better if you
dialog: hadn't taken most of my money in that
dialog: poker game last Friday night.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: Poker? Not an island game. I no good.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Right. Tell you what. Sight unseen even
dialog: money, twenty dollars on Cowboy.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: You want to bet with me? Take my twenty
dialog: dollars, just like that? Humph. Not
dialog: worth the trouble, twenty dollars. Now,
dialog: maybe a hundred...
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: A hundred bucks...
text: ANOTHER CRASH from the kitchen, this time pots &amp; pans.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (to kitchen)
dialog: Robbie!
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: OK, a hundred bucks.
text: They slap hands to seal the deal. RICHARD leaves, grinning
text: and shaking his head.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (to kitchen)
dialog: Page 55 of 81
dialog: Robbie? That you? Come out here.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (entering from kitchen)
dialog: Sorry, dude, that tray was way off
dialog: balance.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Robbie, our secret getting out. You
dialog: practice too good.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (happy)
dialog: I'm really getting the hang of that wave.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Fall more. Make good show.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: I'll try to remember to look and see
text: who's watching.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
text: (pours the rest of RICHARD's
dialog: smoothie)
dialog: Good. Here, have a smoothie. You too
dialog: skinny to surf good.
text: ROBBIE smiles and takes the smoothie back to the kitchen.
scene_heading: 53 EXT EARLY MORNING. - THUNDER BAY 53
text: ROBBIE and PIPEMAN are in the middle of a practice session.
text: PIPEMAN is at the side, ROBBIE is in the water on his board.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: OK, now this time, get up on the board
text: more quickly. This is a wave pool and
dialog: this wave dissipates quickly. You only
dialog: have a little time to show your stuff.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: How will the judging work?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: You get a possible ten points. Three for
dialog: your surfing, three for your style and
dialog: four for the judge's overall impression
dialog: of your ride. No one's ever gotten a
dialog: ten...I'm not really sure why.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You've seen the competition. What does
dialog: everybody do?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Everybody just surfs, man and tries not
dialog: to fall. The big reason Cowboy's done so
dialog: Page 56 of 81
dialog: well is he goes to Hawaii for a couple
dialog: weeks every year. But there he's mostly
dialog: a longboarder. Your job is to figure out
dialog: how to make the most outta this little
dialog: wave.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: OK. I'm ready.
text: The wave comes and ROBBIE catches it and surfs it hard,
text: kicking up high at the end.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - HILL ABOVE THUNDER BAY 54
text: WE SEE COWBOY and TIFFANY standing overlooking Thunder Bay.
text: COWBOY has binoculars and is looking through them.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: He's pretty good, I'll give him that.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: How good?
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: If I have an off day, he could win.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (really concerned)
dialog: That's terrible. You're the Surfer King.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Well, some days you get the wave, and
dialog: some days the wave gets you.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: This can't happen. What are we gonna do?
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: I don't know what you're going to do, but
dialog: as me for me, I'm gonna schedule some
dialog: practice time of my own.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: This may take a lot more than extra
dialog: practice.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Well, I don't know what else you expect.
dialog: I'll go out and do my best. If that's
dialog: not enough, it's not enough.
text: TIFFANY grabs the binoculars and stares down at Thunder Bay.
text: WE SEE gears turning in her head.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. MORNING - THE NEXT DAY - CUSTOMER SERVICE KIOSK 55
text: ROBBIE and Alex are walking by. JAFFA sees them.
speaker_heading: JAFFA
dialog: Page 57 of 81
dialog: Hey, surfer boy! I got fifty bucks at
dialog: three to one! Don't let me down, mon.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (to JAFFA)
dialog: Hey Jaffa. NO worries.
dialog: (to ALEX, shocked)
dialog: People are betting on me?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Just a little friendly pool. No big
dialog: deal. Helps make this more interesting.
dialog: Concessions never had a chance before...
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I've seen this Cowboy practice. His
dialog: style is more longboard, and this is a
text: shortboard wave, but he's still pretty
dialog: good. I could lose you know.
text: Two concessions girls are walking by them.
speaker_heading: CONCESSIONS GIRLS
dialog: (together)
dialog: Hi Robbie!
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: How ya doin'
dialog: (to Alex after they have gone
dialog: by)
dialog: See. How come everyone knows me by sight
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Ah, you're the next big thing. You'll
dialog: survive it. The Employee Olympics are
dialog: only a week away. What happens is we
dialog: have this big opening ceremony where each
dialog: team chooses a theme and we're judged on
dialog: our spirit. Then different teams compete
dialog: in contests that test their Water World
dialog: skills. The next morning it all ends
dialog: with the surf contest. You ready?
text: Another group of concession girls calls ROBBIE from one of
text: the snack bars. He waves.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I suppose. I've been working out a
dialog: strategy to use if Cowboy has a real good
dialog: day. It's risky...
text: Just then they both nearly run headlong into TIFFANY.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Well, hello Robbie.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You know me?
dialog: Page 58 of 81
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Of course I know you. It's my father's
dialog: park, I try get to know everyone.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (interrupting, eager)
dialog: I'm Alex!
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Yes, I'm sure you are.
dialog: (ignoring ALEX, back to Robbie)
dialog: It's been a while since I've been to
dialog: Aokee's. Do you suppose if I come down
dialog: in a little while you could make some of
dialog: that special chicken, what is it?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: The best teriyaki east of the Pacific.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Yes...and one those smoothies I hear so
dialog: much about?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Well, sure. I'll be working all
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: It's a date then. See you later!
text: She walks off. ROBBIE just stands there. ALEX starts
text: walking, then comes back. Finally ALEX pushes him on the
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Come on, we gotta get back.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (still shocked)
dialog: Yes. Yes we do.
scene_heading: 56 INT. DAY AOKEE'S SURF AND SNACK SHACK 56
text: AOKEE is wiping the counter alone. HE turns toward the
dialog: kitchen...
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Alex! We need more large smoothie cups
dialog: out here!
text: AOKEE continues cleaning up. ALEX shows up with a load of
text: cups, AOKEE takes them and starts placing then.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to ALEX)
dialog: Look at that.
text: WE SEE in a far corner of AOKEE's TIFFANY and ROBBIE in an
dialog: Page 59 of 81
text: animated, engaging conversation.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Second time this week. Our boy Big Man
dialog: on Campus, huh?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Big something. I hope he knows how to
dialog: work without a net.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Well. We all grow up sometime. He not
dialog: drop a tray of dishes in days. Something
dialog: going right. You think he ready?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I guess we'll both find out on Sunday. I
dialog: sure hope so.
text: WE SEE TIFFANY and ROBBIE again, and TIFFANY is laughing
text: loudly at some joke ROBBIE has made.
scene_heading: 57 EXT NEAR SUNSET - TIME SHACK 57
text: ROBBIE, ALEX, AMY and KATIE are clocking out for the day.
text: ROBBIE clocks out first. TIFFANY drives up in her
dialog: convertible.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (waving him over)
dialog: Robbie!
text: ROBBIE goes over to talk to her. WE SEE him go around to the
dialog: passenger side.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Alex! I won't need a ride tonight after
dialog: all. Tiff's taking me home!
text: ROBBIE jumps in and they drive away. ALEX, AMY and KATIE are
text: still standing on the porch of the TIME SHACK, shocked at
dialog: what they've seen.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: Tiff?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (grossed out)
dialog: Tiff?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (forlorn, stunned)
dialog: Tiff.
text: WE SEE ROBBIE and TIFFANY drive out the gate. We see KATIE
text: walk slowly out of the park alone.
text: As she is walking, we flash back to scenes of KATIE and
dialog: Page 60 of 81
text: ROBBIE together, dancing and laughing. This time the dance
text: moves to the song of Allison Krause's "New Favorite".
text: We take a final look at KATIE with the setting sun at her
text: back and see she is crying.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. EARLY MORNING. - SURF'S UP WAVE POOL EAST SIDE 58
text: We see the rising sun behind AOKEE's head as he raises a
text: conch shell and blows it like a horn. He is dressed like a
dialog: Hawaiian prince.
text: As the shot widens it reveals six males and two females
text: dressed in Hawaiian native garb. ROBBIE And ALEX are among
text: several drummers with bamboos sticks in their hands that
dialog: provide percussion for the Hawaiian war dance.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Aie, noka moka kei kai ke alo.
text: The drums begin and the male dancers, carrying spears begin
text: the Hawaiian war dance. The drummers sing the Hawaiian folk
dialog: tune "No ka moku Kiakahi Ke Aloha".
dialog: There are about 100 concessions kids in regular uniform
text: sitting cross-legged behind them, clapping the beat in
dialog: unison.
text: The MALE DANCERS circle each other in time to the beat,
text: gesturing a story the seems to involve some invading army.
text: The war dance progresses until the invading warriors are
text: defeated and the folk song ends. At the end, the kids
text: sitting behind raise their hand and shout.
text: CONCESSIONS GIRLS AND BOYS
dialog: Concessions! Concessions! Concessions!
text: Looking to the south side of the pool, we see about 50
text: grounds kids sitting in rows. In our foreground there are
text: six large trash cans, with toilet plungers arranged next to
dialog: them, 2 each.
text: To our left are a line of six grounds kids in army fatigues
text: carrying brooms as if rifles. The lead kid shouts:
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: Company! Forward, march.
text: THE DRILL team marches into full view. The grounds kids
text: behind clap the march beat. The marchers stop in front of
text: the line of trash cans.
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Company! Halt!
dialog: They do.
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Present Arms!
dialog: Page 61 of 81
text: The brooms come off their shoulders and are held forward.
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Company!
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: Order arms.
text: They begin a routine practiced with brooms, in a cadence,
text: clapped by the grounds kids behind them.
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you do if it's wet and not yours?
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: (in cadence)
dialog: Don't touch it! Don't touch it!
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: How do you deal with a full can of trash?
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: We empty! We empty!
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: Sound off!
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: Trash Rats!
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: Again!
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: Trash Rats!
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
text: Sound off, Trash Rats.
speaker_heading: MARCHERS
dialog: Trash rats! Trash Rats!
text: They stop. Their brooms are raised over their heads.
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: Company! Brooms Ho!
text: They allow their brooms to fall to their right side and march
text: to the trash cans. They pull out bright blue ski masks, a la
text: BLUE MAN GROUP, and pick up the toilet plungers. The lead
text: marcher holds his plunger high and shouts.
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Company! Begin!
text: He counts a four beat rhythm and they begin a BLUE MAN/STOMP
text: like drum routine with the trash cans.
dialog: Page 62 of 81
text: Two grounds kids in regular grounds uniforms approach holding
text: steel trash can lids by the handles (with gloves). These
text: become drums as well as two of the drummers switch from trash
text: can to can lids using the stick side of the toilet plunger as
dialog: the drumstick.
text: A competition erupts from the left and right sides of the
text: line as they each set a beat and then the other matches.
text: Finally, a show of unity as both sides join back into the
text: beat for an ending flourish.
text: They pick up their brooms and turn their attention to the
text: kids behind them. They begin to march in place and the seated
text: grounds kids clap for the tempo.
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the seated GROUNDS KIDS)
dialog: What do you do when the table's a mess?
speaker_heading: GROUNDS KIDS
dialog: (together)
dialog: We wipe it! We wipe it!
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: What do you do when a toilet's stopped
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: GROUNDS KIDS
dialog: We plunge it! We plunge it!
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: Sound off!
speaker_heading: GROUNDS KIDS
dialog: Trash rats!
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: Sound off!
speaker_heading: GROUNDS KIDS
dialog: Trash rats!
speaker_heading: LEAD MARCHER
dialog: Sound off trash rats!
speaker_heading: GROUNDS KIDS
dialog: Trash rats! Trash rats!
text: They clap and cheer, and settle back down to sit.
text: All is quiet now. WE SEE concessions kids sitting, grounds
text: kids sitting and we look to the west side of the pool and see
text: lifeguards sitting. Everyone is looking around.
text: Suddenly two lifeguards dressed as Roman Soldiers appear with
text: horns. They bellow a Roman Call to Action, and two Roman
text: drummers lead a column of other lifeguards.
dialog: Page 63 of 81
text: First we see female guards dressed in togas filing in. Behind
text: them are six gladiators with swords and shields, marching.
text: They are followed by one female lifeguard with a basket of
text: rose petals. She is throwing them into the path of the next
dialog: group to enter.
text: Next we see six more guards dressed as slaves carrying
text: COWBOY, who is sitting up on a First Aid backboard. HE is
text: wearing laurel leaves and a toga, he is obviously Cesar. On
text: the backboard is also the surfer king trophy.
text: They all approach the area in front of the seated guards, and
text: rearrange themselves so that COWBOY has a good view of the
text: gladiators. The drummers count a cadence that sets the pace
text: for a simulated battle between the gladiators.
text: The simulated battle rages until three of the gladiators are
text: on their knees before the three victorious gladiators. The
text: victorious gladiators hold their swords over the fallen ones,
dialog: and look to COWBOY for a yea or nay.
text: COWBOY generously waves and makes a thumbs up signal, and the
text: swords are put away. The seated lifeguards all raise their
text: fists and shout.
speaker_heading: LIFEGUARDS
dialog: (together)
dialog: Lifeguards! Lifeguards! Lifeguards!
text: The guards holding COWBOY set him down in front of an
text: elevated platform that has a microphone..
text: COWBOY picks up the surfer king trophy and walks to the
text: platform. He sets the trophy on a table next to the
text: microphone, arranging it carefully.
text: We see now there is a large banner hanging at the back of the
text: wave pool that says "WATER WORLD WELCOMES EMPLOYEE
speaker_heading: OLYMPIANS".
text: COWBOY moves to the microphone and raises his arm in a regal
dialog: manner and speaks.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Let the games...begin!
text: The seated crowd now stands and cheers loudly. We see a
dialog: group of three people, two male and one female, adults we
text: will later identify as JUDGES. They nod approvingly and
text: write something down on their clipboards. We see BIG MIKE
text: near them, smiling broadly.
scene_heading: 59 EXT. LATER THAT DAY - SURF'S UP WAVE POOL EAST SIDE 59
text: We see that the lounge chairs have been removed and the area
text: is clear. There are scattered squashed up pieces of white
dialog: paper lying about.
dialog: Page 64 of 81
text: We look to the south and see that there are three boy/girl
text: teams with one of their legs tied together, like a three
dialog: legged race.
dialog: The rub here is one team member has the dustpan and the other
text: team member has the broom. A JUDGE triggers a starter pistol
dialog: and they are off.
text: The lifeguard team falls almost immediately, and the grounds
text: team takes a early lead over the concessions team, who are
text: trying to figure the dustpan/broom operation out. The two
text: grounds people work tightly together and quickly advance.
text: The lifeguards have gotten back up and are hobbling up to
text: their first piece of trash. Concessions has figured out the
text: dustpan, but are still well behind the grounds kids.
text: Finally, the grounds kids win, with concessions up second,
text: and lifeguards trailing in third. The judges note the finish
text: on their clipboards.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. LATER THAT DAY - THUNDER BAY 60
text: We see three male participants standing in the shallow end of
dialog: Thunder Bay, One red suit (lifeguard) one blue suit
dialog: (concessions) and one green suit (grounds)
text: A JUDGE on the rise to the west of Thunder Bay blows an air
text: horn to start the race. They all rush into the bay and begin
text: swimming furiously.
text: The guard takes the lead quickly, followed not far behind by
text: the grounds kid. The concessions kid is working hard and
text: splashing a lot but not getting very far.
text: As the guard reaches the back wall, he does an underwater
text: racing turn and swims back toward the point where they
text: started. Right behind him, the smaller grounds kid does the
dialog: same thing.
text: As they are returning, they pass the concessions kid, who
text: still is splashing a lot but not going fast. After they pass
text: him he stops, as he is tired out.
text: Momentarily he can't even tread water any more, and a guard
text: watching from the sidelines jumps in and pulls him out. The
dialog: swimming guard has beaten the grounds kid, the concessions
dialog: kid never finishes.
scene_heading: 61 EXT LATER THAT DAY - SURF'S UP WAVE POOL SOUTH SIDE 61
text: There are three lines set up with several participants. It
text: is a relay race, with the baton replaced by a tray full of
text: drinks in paper cups, water. The colors indicate again
text: concessions, guards and grounds.
text: The race is already in full swing, with concessions in the
text: lead. The last group of relayers are now getting their
text: trays, and concessions is way ahead.
dialog: Page 65 of 81
text: Everyone is cheering their team on. The final pass is made
text: to SARAH who works for AOKEE's. She takes the tray and moves
text: gracefully to the final stop. There is a small table on
dialog: which the drinks must be placed.
text: She is clearly going to win when she suddenly stops.
text: All concessions kids are shocked and plead her to go on.
text: She does a nifty and graceful around the back maneuver with
text: the tray, proceeds to the table, and sets down the drinks,
text: tipping the tray sideways to show no water has been spilled.
text: The JUDGES scribble furiously.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. LATER THAT DAY - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK 62
text: Three picnic tables are set up in front of AOKEE's. WE dolly
text: past each one to see that they are cluttered indentically
text: with what appears to be the leftovers from lunch for four.
text: Behind each table is a team of two guards, concessions and
dialog: grounds kids.
text: A JUDGE blows a whistle and we begin by looking at the
dialog: lifeguard team.
text: It is a boy and a girl and the girl is not too keen on this.
text: They bring a trash can with them and begin gingerly clearing
text: the table, acting as if they are afraid to get their hands
dialog: dirty.
text: We dolly left to see the concessions team a little ahead of
dialog: the guard team.
text: We dolly further left to reveal a grounds kid in a full rain
text: suit with a face shield.
text: A tremendous force of water is clearing the table into the
text: trash can which the rain-suited grounds kid is holding at
dialog: it's end.
text: We dolly further left to see EDDIE in full army fatigues with
text: safety goggles on and wearing the biggest super-soaker water
dialog: gun in the history of man.
text: The table is quickly cleared, and at the same time washed.
text: EDDIE holds up the business end of the Super-Soaker gun and
text: blows imaginary smoke from it's barrel, like an old Western
text: gunfighter.
text: The JUDGES take notes.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. LATER THAT DAY - SURF'S UP WAVE POOL 63
text: The three different teams are gathered in groups waiting for
text: the next challenge. One of each team is in full sweats,
text: color coordinated by team.
text: ALEX is the one in the sweats for concessions. Slowly the
text: sweats people walk into the pool about waist deep and lay
dialog: Page 66 of 81
dialog: down.
dialog: The grounds kid is the littlest guy of all.
text: A JUDGE blows a whistle and four members of each team run
text: into the water and drag their now soaked sweat suited
text: teammate out of the water. They lie them down on a clear
dialog: area and begin CPR.
text: The guards have a nifty little plastic device that lets them
text: blow air into the mouth of their victim, and they roll him
text: quickly on his side to clear water and back to begin CPR.
text: They are fast and efficient, and clearly expertly trained.
text: We move left to see the grounds kids, knowledgeable but
text: inexperienced. One girl is using her hands to provide a
text: seals over the mouth of her "victim" and another is clumsily
text: pumping his chest while the others try to keep a count while
text: reading some kind of instruction card..
text: We move again to see the concessions kids, who are in
text: trouble. ALEX is lying there dying, and they are arguing
text: about who has to breathe into his mouth. They form a circle
text: over him, pointing and arguing.
text: Finally they all just walk off and ALEX is still lying on the
text: ground, eyes rolled back and twitching convulsively in a
text: hilarious death scene.
text: The JUDGES take their notes.
scene_heading: 64 EXT LATER THAT DAY - IN FRONT OF THE CANNING COMPANY 64
text: Once again three teams representing the three competing
text: factions. Large stainless steel pots are bubbling on three
text: propane cooking stands in front of the concession.
text: The teams each have three members in cooking aprons, again,
text: color coded. One from each team is stirring the team's chili
text: while the others watch the JUDGES anxiously.
text: Lines are forming in front of each pot, with people in line
text: each carrying a paper chili bowl, but holding back, deferring
text: to the JUDGES. The JUDGES are each carrying three styro cups
dialog: in which to receive the chili.
text: They each get a portion from the guard team and take a sip.
text: They smile politely to the cooks, but turn around and spit
text: the chili back into the cup as delicately as possible, almost
text: as if throwing up. A concessions kid is there with a tray of
text: waters, which they quickly take advantage of.
text: They move on to the grounds team. They get their portions
dialog: and taste the chili and nod, not bad.
text: They take another sip of water to clear their palate and move
text: on to the concessions team. The portions are proudly
dialog: scooped.
text: They take a taste, smile and take some more. They huddle for
dialog: Page 67 of 81
text: a moment and then place a blue ribbon on the concessions pot.
text: The lines quickly rearrange and merge themselves so that
text: everyone is in line for the concessions pot.
scene_heading: 65 EXT LATER THAT DAY - SURF'S UP WAVE POOL EAST SIDE 65
text: An obstacle course has been set up, and the event provides a
text: background to the dialogue that follows. AOKEE has some
text: papers, and is talking to ALEX and ROBBIE.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (looking through the papers)
dialog: This isn't good.
dialog: (looking at ALEX and ROBBIE)
dialog: It's the same as every year. Pretty much
text: a dead heat going into the surf
dialog: championship tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I can't believe those guys screwed up the
speaker_heading: CPR.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Hard to blame them. No one told them
dialog: they had to put their mouth on yours
text: until the last minute. Yuck.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Bunch of babies.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: It's going to be up to you. We slip a
dialog: little. You have to make up. That
dialog: trophy need a new home.
text: They look over at the obstacle course where a tiny grounds
text: kid is jumping up and down and raising his arms ROCKY-style.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to make up. You ready? Tomorrow
dialog: morning last event. You our last hope.
text: ROBBIE just looks at both of them nods and sighs heavily as
text: the other grounds kids surround our winner in the background.
text: AOKEE and ALEX walk off. Suddenly TIFFANY appears.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Hi Robbie.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (shy but still very much
dialog: smitten)
dialog: Oh. Hey.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: How's your team doing?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Uh. OK, I guess. Kind of a tie.
dialog: Page 68 of 81
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Well, I think you're going to take care
dialog: of that tomorrow morning. In fact, I've
dialog: planned a little celebration in advance.
dialog: We're going to this incredible party up
dialog: in the foothills at some friends of mine.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: Party, huh? That sounds like fun. I
dialog: have to work until nine tonight.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: That's perfect. I'll come back here and
dialog: pick you up.
text: She starts to walk off.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, and Robbie...call your mom and tell
dialog: her you're spending the night at Alex's
dialog: or something. It's going to be a very
dialog: special night.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (hypnotised)
dialog: K...
text: She walks away. ROBBIE stands there a moment before waking
text: up and leaving also.
scene_heading: 66 INT. EVENING - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK 66
text: It is dark. We see ALEX and AOKEE cleaning up from the day's
text: food service. ALEX Is wiping down the smoothie area, AOKEE
text: is sweeping on the other side of the counter.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (voice somewhat hushed)
dialog: I'm telling you we need to talk him.
dialog: Something's going on.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (shaking his head no)
dialog: Robbie know the right thing to do. He's
dialog: a good boy.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: So how about this? He tells me I've got
dialog: to cover for him if his mother calls. He
dialog: told her he's spending the night at my
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: He say that?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yes. Tiffany's got something up her
dialog: sleeve and Robbie's too messed up to
dialog: Page 69 of 81
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (reflective)
dialog: Spending the night at your house. This
dialog: very bad. Very bad.
speaker_heading: AOKEE (CONT'D)
dialog: He should be done with the dishes by now.
dialog: Tell him we want to talk.
text: ALEX disappears back into the kitchen. AOKEE goes to an
text: empty table under the one light on in the dining area and
text: sits down.
text: ALEX comes back and ROBBIE follows.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Hey. I'm done with the pots and pans.
dialog: It's almost nine. Can I take off now?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Robbie, please, sit.
text: ROBBIE sits down. So does ALEX. Robbie looks at both and
text: gets suspicious.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Everything OK?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: That's what we gonna ask you. What you
dialog: plan tonight?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Well, Tiffany invited me to a little
text: party up in the mountains.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Robbie, you athlete. Big day tomorrow.
dialog: You need sleep, not party.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: It's no big deal. I'll be fine.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Is big deal. Robbie. You good boy,
dialog: smart, everybody like you, but....
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Face it. Only one reason Tiffany
dialog: interested in you. She want to make you
dialog: so tired and so crazy you lose tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: Aw, come on...
dialog: Page 70 of 81
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Robbie. She's still going out with
dialog: Cowboy. I saw them together at the
dialog: movies two nights ago.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
text: Maybe she's just letting him down easy.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Robbie...things...things are not always
dialog: what they seem to be.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: In this case, she acts like she likes you
dialog: when really she wants Cowboy to win.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Naw. You guys are nuts. She's not like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: She is like that.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Look, I know what to believe and what not
dialog: to. I'm not that easily fooled.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Aokee?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Go ahead. Tell him. I trust him.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: OK. Take Aokee for instance. Gentle,
dialog: genial Hawaiian guy, right?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Sure. He's great. I love working here.
dialog: Aokee, you've been real good to me...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Then let me introduce you properly.
dialog: Robbie Zirpollo, meet Manuel Ramirez.
text: AOKEE'S head is down in his hands. Robbie looks stunned.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Manuel's family snuck across the border
dialog: ten years ago through Juarez, Mexico.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (accent gone)
dialog: My father refused to work for a drug lord
dialog: who ran our town. They tried to kill
dialog: Page 71 of 81
dialog: him. We barely got out with our lives.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Aokee?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (accent now Mexican)
dialog: A name I picked up reading an obituary in
dialog: the paper. I sent away to Hawaii and got
dialog: his birth records and social security
dialog: number. This way, I never have to worry
dialog: about immigration. I spent weeks
dialog: watching tapes of Hawaii Five-O just to
dialog: get the accent right. "Book 'em Danno".
dialog: Huh. What's that all about?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (to Alex)
dialog: And you knew?
text: ALEX nods yes.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: I burnt my hand on the grill one day and
dialog: started swearing in Spanish...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: And I said, boy, you speak Spanish like a
dialog: native....uh oh. It's been our little
dialog: secret. Now it's your secret, too.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: I need to think about all this.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: You do.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Sleep tonight. Sleep well.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (gets up, dazed)
dialog: Right. Goodnight.
text: ROBBIE leaves. ALEX and AOKEE just sit, looking at each
dialog: other.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. EARLY MORNING. - THUNDER BAY 67
text: Hundreds of people are gathering on bleachers to watch the
dialog: surfing competition.
text: A large highway construction type signboard has been erected
dialog: and says "Grounds 93", "Concessions 93" and "Lifeguards
dialog: 94".
text: It is almost a festival atmosphere. The JUDGES are standing
dialog: Page 72 of 81
text: in a group, conferring, near a table that has the controls
text: for the sign. The sign can be viewed easily from the
text: bleachers.
text: WE look over to the front of AOKEE's and see AOKEE and ALEX
text: standing outside the restaurant.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. EARLY MORNING. - MOMENTS LATER - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK 68
speaker_heading: SHACK
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (to Alex)
dialog: Have you seen him?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Not yet.
text: They are looking to the north towards the crowd, but ROBBIE
text: appears behind them.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (looking in the same direction)
dialog: What you lookin' at?
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: We looking for you. How you sleep?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I slept fine.
dialog: (pause as AOKEE and ALEX wait)
dialog: I decided I'm not my father. I don't run
dialog: out on the people I care about just
text: because some blond shakes her ta-ta's at
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: We go then.
text: ROBBIE picks up his board, and they begin walking toward the
text: bleachers. ALEX stops and turns suddenly.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: She shook her ta-tas? No one said
dialog: anything about shaking ta-tas.
dialog: (reflectively)
dialog: This puts a whole new light on things!
text: He is in ROBBIE's way. ROBBIE pushes him with his board.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Get going!
scene_heading: 69 EXT. EARLY MORNING - THUNDER BAY 69
text: ROBBIE, COWBOY and MELINDA from grounds, who we met earlier
dialog: and was conned into the contest because she said she surfed
text: once on vacation, are all standing in front of the JUDGES.
text: One JUDGE explains the rules.
dialog: Page 73 of 81
speaker_heading: HEAD JUDGE
dialog: (looking down at clipboard)
dialog: Alright, here's the deal. You get three
dialog: tries; three heats. We judge each run
dialog: and only your high score counts. If you
dialog: fall you get no score for the run. Your
dialog: score will be added to the total for your
dialog: team, and the winner gets the Surfer King
dialog: Trophy. Any questions?
text: They all shake their head no.
speaker_heading: HEAD JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Then let's begin. Grounds is up first.
text: MELINDA grabs her board and begins paddling out. The wave
text: comes and it's all she can do to stay on her board. She
text: struggles and falls at the end. She will clearly not be a
text: factor. The big screen shows a 0 in a column after the
dialog: grounds score.
text: We look back to the bleachers to polite applause, but the
text: COLONEL and the grounds kids are clearly disappointed.
text: COWBOY is out there now, the wave comes and he catches it
text: easily. He rides the wave gracefully and well, and kicks out
text: at the end. The big screen shows an 8 in the lifeguard row.
text: The lifeguards and RICHARD are cheering now.
text: ROBBIE is next. He catches the wave and rides it more
text: aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of his
text: run. The big screen shows an 8. The concessions kids and
text: AOKEE are very enthusiastic. They can see they have a chance
text: with ROBBIE. PIPEMAN is watching from a far corner.
text: MELINDA begins her second run. She is a little more
text: confident this time, but still seems barely able to stand and
text: ride the wave. More polite applause, and the big screen
dialog: shows a 5.
text: COWBOY catches his wave, and tries to imitate ROBBIE'S more
text: aggressive style, but falls midway through the run. We hear
text: a large gasp from the crowd as this happens.
text: The crowd applauds politely, and the guards are supportive
text: but disappointed. We see the JUDGES confer and the big screen
dialog: shows a 0.
text: ROBBIE gets his wave, and surfs it aggressively again, this
text: time not nearly falling at all. The JUDGES nod approvingly
text: and confer. The big screen shows a 9. The crowd goes wild,
dialog: especially the concessions kids.
text: Melinda begins her final run. She does better than the past
text: two, but not significantly. The JUDGES confer and the screen
text: shows a 5. The ground kids are very disappointed, they know
text: they are out of it now. THE COLONEL shakes MELINDA'S hand
text: and thanks her for her efforts.
dialog: Page 74 of 81
text: COWBOY gets his wave, and has clearly decided to go back to
text: his original style; he rides the wave gracefully, but takes
dialog: no chances.
text: He kicks out at the end with a wave and a smile. The guards
text: applaud, hoping to make it seem better than it was, and the
text: JUDGES confer and the screen shows an 8.
text: ROBBIE snags his wave and rides it aggressively again, but
text: loses his balance momentarily. It costs him; the JUDGES
text: confer and the screen shows a 7.
text: The concessions kids applaud, and the point totals show
text: "Grounds 98", "Concessions 102" and "Lifeguards 102".
text: EVERYONE is confused, there has never been a tie before. THE
text: JUDGES Are flipping through papers, and BIG MIKE steps up to
dialog: the microphone.
speaker_heading: BIG MIKE
dialog: (clearing his throat,
dialog: flustered)
dialog: It looks like we have a tie. This has
dialog: never happened before, but I seem to
dialog: remember we provided for this possibility
dialog: in the rules. Hopefully our judges can
dialog: help us figure out what to do!
text: The HEAD JUDGE is reading to the other JUDGES out loud, slaps
text: his hand on one of the papers and comes up to the mike.
speaker_heading: HEAD JUDGE
dialog: Reading from the rules, "...in the event
text: of a tie at the end of three heats in the
dialog: surf competition, the teams who are tied
dialog: will participate in a sudden-death surf
dialog: off. Additional heats will be run until
dialog: a winner can be declared."
dialog: (looking up at the crowd)
text: The "Sudden Death" heat will begin in
dialog: five minutes.
dialog: Everybody cheers...they're going to see some more great
dialog: surfing.
text: The JUDGES signal COWBOY and ROBBIE to come over. The head
text: JUDGE takes a quarter out of his pocket and points to COWBOY
text: to call it. It lands and the JUDGE looks at it. HE points
speaker_heading: to ROBBIE.
speaker_heading: HEAD JUDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to go first or second?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Second.
speaker_heading: HEAD JUDGE
dialog: Be ready in five minutes.
scene_heading: 70 EXT -MOMENTS LATER - AOKEE'S SURF &amp; SNACK SHACK 70
dialog: Page 75 of 81
text: ROBBIE, ALEX, AOKEE and PIPEMAN have gathered in front of
text: AOKEE's to strategize.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: So what you do? Wait for him to go crazy
dialog: and fall?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Don't want to win with him falling.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: You could always go out and do your very
dialog: best, take a lot of chances and maybe win
dialog: this thing on merit.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: Don't be silly. That only works in the
dialog: movies.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Actually, that's exactly what I'm
dialog: thinking. It's the reason we're in a
dialog: tie. I've been too conservative. I've
dialog: got to do everything I can, or just
dialog: forget about it. It's all or nothing.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We gotta pull the fin.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: Pull da fin?
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: You think you can hold it?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: One time, these tourists from Japan on
dialog: the beach at La Jolla offered me a
dialog: hundred bucks to do a full spin at the
text: top of the wave, and then slide down and
dialog: cut back and do a full back flip. I
dialog: pulled it off. A friend of mine had a
text: tricks board with just a single fin and
text: foot pockets.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: We gotta pull the fin. What do we do
dialog: about the foot pockets?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You got duct tape?
text: PIPEMAN reaches into his tool belt and pulls out a roll.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: What kind of plumber would I be if I
dialog: didn't have duct tape? Water World
dialog: Page 76 of 81
dialog: Platinum! Where do you want them?
text: They place the board on a table. ROBBIE pulls off two small
text: pieces of tape and places them on the board.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Here and here.
text: PIPEMAN gets his screw gun out of his tool belt and begins
text: removing the two outer fins of the board. He then begins
text: looping duct tap around the board to create two foot pockets.
text: This provides a background to the dialog below.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: So, help me understand. What you do now?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Pipeman is taking the extra fins off my
dialog: board. I only need one to make a deep
text: cut back. He is also putting some
dialog: pockets to slip my feet into so when I
dialog: flip upside down, I don't lose the board.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Flip upside down?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: A back flip. You guys see it on
dialog: snowboarders here all the time, I'm sure.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh yeah, I'm sure I did that last winter.
dialog: But not on purpose! Dude. You're either
dialog: gonna win this thing or you're gonna die.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (quickly, eagerly)
dialog: It would be better if you won.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Yeah, well, a tie is like kissing your
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (mock anger)
dialog: You stay away from my sister.
text: We hear an air horn blast. They are ready to start.
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: Ready!
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
speaker_heading: (to PIPEMAN)
dialog: I'll need the biggest wave you can give
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: PIPEMAN
dialog: (imitating Mr. Scott on Star
dialog: Page 77 of 81
dialog: Trek)
dialog: I'll give 'er all she's got, Cap'n!
text: He hands Robbie the board. ALEX heads back to the bleachers
text: area, PIPEMAN goes to the pumphouse in back of Thunder Bay.
text: AOKEE hangs back with ROBBIE and speaks to him alone.
speaker_heading: AOKEE
dialog: (dropping his Hawaiian accent)
dialog: Robbie. When you do this, do this mostly
dialog: for Robbie Zirpollo. But do it just a
dialog: little bit for Manny Ramirez, eh?
text: AOKEE smiles and pats him on the back. Robbie nods. They
dialog: head for the bay.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. MORNING - MOMENTS LATER - THUNDER BAY 71
text: COWBOY is in the water paddling out to get his wave. It
text: comes and he has apparently decided to stay with what has
dialog: gotten him this far; a conservative style that keeps him
text: looking good without falling. His ride is similar to the
text: last one, but even more graceful and lyrical and he gets a 9.
speaker_heading: ALEX
speaker_heading: (to ROBBIE)
dialog: Looks like he's waiting for you to make a
dialog: mistake. You sure you know what you're
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I'm just making this up as I go along.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Works for me! Go get 'em.
text: ROBBIE appears on the seawall holding his board and looking
text: out first at the bay, then at the crowd. His mom, CONNIE
text: waves, and he smiles weakly.
text: HE sees KATIE and she looks hopeful. She hasn't given up on
text: him completely. He smiles at her and gets into the water.
text: He begins paddling. It seems to take forever for him to get
text: out to the spot where he catches the wave, but he finally
text: arrives.
text: He sits there for a moment, collecting himself, then raises
text: his hand to signal he is ready.
text: The CONCESSIONS KIDS have started to chant, ROBBIE! ROBBIE!
text: The guards are anxious, but even they can't help moving to
text: the cadence of the chant.
text: The wave comes and he catches it quickly, and slips his feet
text: into the duct tape pockets. He misses one pocket at first,
dialog: then gets it in.
text: He rides it carefully and at the right moment slides up to
dialog: Page 78 of 81
text: the top and executes a full 360 degree turn out of the water.
text: On landing back on the downside of the wave, he slides down
text: it quickly, and then turns around with a deep cut and heads
text: straight into the wave. At the top he bounces and does a
text: complete back flip in slow motion.
text: We see the crowd also in slow motion. AOKEE Is covering his
text: eyes, he can't watch. ALEX's face is contorted with
text: disbelief. Various faces in the crowd are in open-mouthed
text: disbelief. THE JUDGES are staring intently, focussed so as
dialog: not to miss anything.
text: ROBBIE lands the flip, and rides the rest of the wave. He
text: waves to the crowd, and kicks off, exhausted.
dialog: The place goes nuts. No one here has ever seen anything like
text: this before. AOKEE and ALEX run into the water and help him
text: out. People are still cheering.
text: COWBOY knows he's in trouble.
text: THE JUDGES confer only momentarily and the score 10 appears,
text: and the word concessions starts flashing along with the word
text: winner. COWBOY nods in agreement.
text: TIFFANY says something to him, and he appears angry. We can
dialog: only hear part of his response, something like:
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: You did WHAT?
text: AOKEE and ALEX lead him up to the grandstand. COWBOY also
text: makes his way up there, and we see him talking to BIG MIKE.
text: BIG MIKE nods in agreement and COWBOY goes to the mike as the
text: crowd settles down.
speaker_heading: COWBOY (CONT'D)
dialog: As last year's Surfer King, it's my
dialog: privilege to present this year's trophy
dialog: to the most amazing surfer on the water
dialog: today. Robbie! Congratulations.
text: COWBOY shakes ROBBIE's hand, and ROBBIE speaks at the mike.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (holding trophy)
dialog: I just want to thank Aokee, Alex and
dialog: Katie for all their support.
text: We see KATIE clapping, crying. AOKEE and ALEX are clapping
text: and smiling.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And I have just one thing to say to
dialog: everyone in concessions. WE DID IT!
text: ROBBIE holds the trophy high as everyone cheers.
dialog: Page 79 of 81
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. EARLY EVENING SURFS WAVE POOL 72
text: Grounds kids are stacking chairs in preparation for final
text: closing. Tarps are being thrown over everything and tied
dialog: down.
text: Awnings are being taken down. Chairs and tables are being
dialog: moved.
text: We see JAFFA packing up his CD's into that cardboard box. HE
text: also snaps the winter covers for the sound equipment into
dialog: place.
scene_heading: 73 EXT. MOMENTS LATER - EVENING TIME OUT SHACK 73
text: A banner hangs over the time shack, "Thanks for another great
text: year". ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY are clocking out for the
dialog: final time this summer.
text: They all stop and look around one final time. Suddenly
text: TIFFANY drives up in her convertible.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Another summer gone. How about it
dialog: Robbie? You gonna guard next year? They
dialog: could use your help.
text: They all walk closer to her car.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I don't know...we have a pretty good time
text: at AOKEE's.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: You know, that's what I hear. Maybe I
dialog: should work there next summer.
text: ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY all say these lines pretty much
dialog: at the same time.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You wouldn't like it...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: That's a bad idea...
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: And you're such a good guard...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You'd be miserable...
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Maybe you're right. See you around...
text: EDDIE appears out of the time shack wearing his tuxedo t
dialog: shirt.
dialog: Page 80 of 81
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (almost singing)
dialog: Tiffany!
text: He walks up to her driver's side.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (feeling charitable, warmly)
dialog: Hello, Eddie.
text: EDDIE shows there is nothing in his hands, then reaches into
text: the car and from behind TIFFANY's ear pulls a plastic Easter
text: Egg out. He hands it to her, and she opens it. A beautiful
text: butterfly flies out and away. She is momentarily entranced.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, that's one of the most
dialog: beautiful things I've ever seen.
dialog: (pause, thinking, what the
dialog: heck)
dialog: Hop in Eddie, let me give you a ride
dialog: home.
text: EDDIE waves his hand for HER to scoot over so he can drive.
text: She is surprised, but does, almost reflexively. He gets in
text: and he looks at ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY grinning broadly
text: as he pulls away.
text: ALEX, ROBBIE, KATIE and AMY just watch in stunned silence as
text: EDDIE and TIFFANY drive off.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (collecting himself)
dialog: Well. Just another summer at Water
dialog: World.
text: The group begins walking toward the exit gate, as we go wide
text: and helicopter upward. They get smaller and smaller in the
text: shot as we hear the conversation continue.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You know Katie, I really am sorry I was
dialog: such a jerk this summer.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: We'll be going to the same high school.
dialog: You'll have plenty of chances to make it
dialog: up to me. Let's see, there's Homecoming,
dialog: the Christmas Dance, Valentines Day...and
dialog: of course, the prom...
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Alex?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I'm gonna need to borrow twenty bucks.
dialog: Page 81 of 81
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yep.
text: We helicopter up for a final shot over the whole park.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
