dialog: No. 02082" .
dialog: ne
dialog: Final Oraft Screenplay
dialog: by
speaker_heading: DAVID S. WARD
speaker_heading: ORWIM ACT
dialog: Neo
dialog: de
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: THE STING
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: A white on black TITLE appears in the lower left hand corner
dialog: of the screen:
speaker_heading: SEPTEMBER 15, 1936 (x
speaker_heading: FADE 3UT
dialog: r
dialog: als
speaker_heading: #02062 / 2
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT, A SLUM AREA OF JOLIET - DAY
text: It's a bleak, windy morning, the kind that clears the streets
text: of all but the winos (who carry their own heaters), and the
text: - point-men for juvenile gangs. We pick up a solitary figure,
text: Joe Mottola, coming down the street and entering what appears
text: to be an abandoned tenement. He pauses a second to dust his
text: white-winged alligator shoes on the back of his pants legs.
text: Sharply dressed and surrounded by the aura of one who is
text: making money for the first time and broadcasting it on all
text: bands, he seems an incongruity in this part of town.
text: We follow him up a flight of rickety stairs to a second ficor
text: flat. He knocks on the door, is admitted by a cautious door-
dialog: man.
scene_heading: INT. NUMBERS SPOT = DAY
text: Suddenly we are plunged into a room of chattering, clamoring
dialog: people, This is a spot for the numbers racket, a place
dialog: immune from legal interference, where any sucker can bet
dialog: on a number between 1 and 1000 in the hope of getting the
dialog: 600 to 1 payoff that goes to those few who guess right. The
text: bettors are queued up in several lines before a long table,
text: where they place their bets and are given receipts in return.
text: Others wait at a cashier's window to pick up previous earn-
dialog: ings or to ask fer credit.
text: Mottola moves through the crowd to a back room where betting
text: slips are being sorted and meney counted under the watchful
text: and somewhat impatient gaze of a Supervisor, an older man
text: named Mr. Granger, The Yankee-White Sox game is heard on
text: the radio in the background. “
text: Mottola, noticing that his entrance has aroused little inter-
text: est, saunters over to the Phone Girl and gives her a little
text: pinch on the cheek. The girl slaps his hand away, obviously
dialog: having been through this before.
speaker_heading: PHONE GIRL
dialog: Beat it, Mottcla.
text: Granger glances up and exchanges a token nod with Mottola,
text: who plops down in a folding chair next to the radio. The
text: phone rings.
speaker_heading: PHONE GIRL
dialog: 8720.,.Yes, hold on a second.
dialog: (calling over to
dialog: the Supervisor)
text: Mr. Granger, Chicago on the line.
text: Granger is a little apprehensive about talking to Chicago,
dialog: but takes the phone anyway. :
speaker_heading: _ GRANGER -
dialog: Yeh? a
speaker_heading: #02062
scene_heading: -INT. A WATERFRONT PROCESSING PLANT - CHICAGO - DAY
text: A flabby, bald man named Combs is on the other end of the line.
text: Visible beyond the door and interior window of his office is
text: a large room, cluttered with tables, typewriters, clerks and
dialog: adding machines. This room is the clearinghouse for all the
text: transaction of the numbers game. All the betting slips and
text: income from the spots are brought in here and processed.
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: Granger, this is Combs. Why haven't
dialog: we heard from ya? Everybody else
dialog: is in. .
speaker_heading: GRANGER .
dialog: We had a few problems with the Law
dialog: this morning. The Mayor promised
dialog: the Jaycees to get tough on the
dialog: rackets again, so he shut every-
dialog: body down for a couple hours to
dialog: make it look good. Nothing serious,
dialog: it just put us a little behind for
dialog: the day.
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: You been making your payoffs,
dialog: haven't ya? :
speaker_heading: GRANGER
dialog: Hell yes. He does this every year.
dialog: There's nothing to worry about.
speaker_heading: CcolBSs
dialog: Okay, finish your count and get it
dialog: up here as soon as you can. I.don't
dialog: wanta be here all night.
speaker_heading: GRANGER
dialog: Believe me, the Man's gonna be real
dialog: happy. Looks like we cleared over
dialog: ten grand this veek.
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: {not impressed)
dialog: We clearec 22 here.
speaker_heading: GRANGER
dialog: Well, hell, you got the whole
dialog: Chicago south side. How do ya ex-
dialog: pect the eight lousy spots I've
dialog: got to compete with that?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 3-A
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: (reading off a sheet
dialog: of paper on his desk)
dialog: They did 14 grand in Evanston,
dialog: 16.5 in Gary, and 20 in Cicero.
dialog: Looks’ Like you're bringing up the
text: rear, Granger.
scene_heading: INT. NUMBERS SPOT - DAY
text: Granger burns inside. One of the girls who's been sorting
text: and counting hands him a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: an GRANGER :
dialog: <I just got the count. We'll put
text: the take on the 4:15. FS
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: We'll be waitin’,
text: Combs hangs up, smiling to himself, proud of the way he gave
text: the needle to Granger.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. NUMBERS SPOT = DAY -
text: Granger storming over to a safe and jerking open the door.
speaker_heading: GRANGER
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: Mottola,
text: Mottola hustles out of his chair.
speaker_heading: GRANGER
dialog: (handing him a bundle
dialog: of bills)
dialog: Take this up to the city on the .
dialog: 4:15. They'll be waitin' for it.
dialog: at the clearing house. And don't
dialog: stop for no ¢rinks. You can get
text: a cab down the street.
text: Mottola takes the money and slips it into his inside coat
dialog: pocket with all the dramatic flair of the true flunky. No
dialog: one would ever guess that he was just an overdressed
dialog: Messenger boy.
speaker_heading: #02062
scene_heading: EXT. OF THE TENEMENT AGAIN
text: Mottola emerges from a side entrance into a narrow alley.
text: He walks briskly down to the end and turns left into a
text: larger alleyway; this one connecting two streets. The alley
text: is deserted save for one scruffy, slovenly dressed young
text: stranger coming toward him from the opposite direction.
text: The man carries a battered suitcase and seems to be in a
dialog: hurry.
text: Suddenly, Mottola hears shouting coming from somewhere
text: behind him. He turns around to see a small, weathered
text: locking thief come racing around the corner and down the
text: alley toward him, frantically pursued by a gray-haired
text: black man. Limping noticeably, the black man manages a
text: few cries for help and then stumbles and falls. The stranger
text: yells at Mottola to cover his side of the alley, and then
text: readies himself for the arrival of the thief. Mottola just
text: stands there, not the least interested in the exercise of
text: justice, Just as the thief is about to run on by, the
text: stranger throws his suitcase at the little man's legs,
text: sending him sprawling and separating him from the wallet
text: he's been carrying in his left hand.
text: The stranger makes a dash for the wallet and kicks it back
text: to where Mottola is standing. Almost by reflex, Mottola
text: picks it up. The thief scrambles to his feet and starts
text: back toward his new-found enemy, brandishing a knife.
text: Both the stranger and Mottola brace themselves for an
text: attack. The thief. realizing that there are twg people
text: to fight, begins to think better of it. He is not a young
dialog: man, nor particularly strong.
speaker_heading: THIEF
text: (shaking his fist
dialog: at the stranger) .
dialog: You goddam nigger-lover. I'll get
dialog: you for this someday, sucker egg.
text: Mottola and the stranger exchange glances of relief as the
text: thief flees out onto the street and disappears. The black
text: man, meanwhile, has struggled to his feec and is staggering
text: toward them. He collapses against the alley wall after a
text: few steps. The stranger rushes over to him, followed some-
dialog: what absently by Mottola.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN -
dialog: The wallet. You gotta go after him.
dialog: He's got all the money.
speaker_heading: STRANGER —
dialog: Don't worry, we got the wallet. What
dialog: happened? He get ya with the knife?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: cdm
dialog: #02062 -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The stranger opens the Black Man’s coat to reveal a bloody
text: wound at the top of his leg.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: {trying to move)
dialog: Give it to me! Please. I gotta
dialog: know it's all there! .
speaker_heading: : STRANGER
dialog: You just sit tight, old man. We're -
dialog: gonna have to get you te a doctor,
dialog: (starting to leave)
dialog: T'll call a cop,
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: No, no cops! :
text: Mottola has given him his wallet, which the black man now
text: opens, disclosing a fat bundle of bills tied by a rubber
text: band. Mottola and the stranger are amazed by the amount
dialog: of money.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: (a little uneasy)
dialog: You wanted by the law or somethin'?
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: Naw, it's okay. .
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: You're crazy carryin' that kinda
dialog: money in this neighborhood. No
dialog: wonder you got hit.
speaker_heading: ( ‘ BLACK MAN
dialog: to get to
dialog: Bis’ fet)
dialog: Thanks. I'm obliged to ya, but I
dialog: gotta get goin’, .
text: (his leg gives way
dialog: under him)
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: You ain't goin' nowheres on that
dialog: leg. :
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: I gotta’ Lock, I run some slots
dialog: down in West Bend for a mob here.
dialog: I got a little behind on my payoffs
dialog: so they figure I been holdin! out
dialog: on ‘em. They gave me to 4:00 to
dialog: come up with the cash. I don't get
dialog: it there I'm dead.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: eém
dialog: #02062 -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 2
scene_heading: - . STRANGER
dialog: It don't look good, gramps, it's
dialog: ten of now.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN ~
dialog: ZT got a hundred bucks for you and
dialog: your friend 4# you deliver the
dialog: money for me.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: (hesitates) .
dialog: I dunno. That little mug that got
dialog: ya is mad enough at me already --
dialog: what if he's out there waitin’
dialog: " around a corner with some friends.
text: . BLACK MAN .
dialog: He won't know you're carryin' it.
dialog: C'mon, you gotta help me out.
speaker_heading: . STRANGER
dialog: EL Eee up, cata
dialog: So: pa Tt you up, ca
dialog: af doe, but I ain't gonna walk
dialog: to a bunch of knives for ya.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: (desperate to Mottola)
dialog: How bout you? I'li give you the
dialog: whole hundred!
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: What makes you think you can trust
dialog: him? He didn't do shit.
speaker_heading: MOTTOLA
dialog: Hey, butt out, chicken liver. 1
dialog: gave him back his wallet, didn’t 1?
dialog: (te black man)
dialog: How far is this place?
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: 2811 Mason. Put it in Box 3C. You
dialog: won't have no trouble. There's
dialog: five thousand dollars there and
dialog: here's a hundred for you.
speaker_heading: MOTTOLA
dialog: (taking the bundle of
dialog: bills from the black man,
dialog: plus the $100 bill)
dialog: All right. I°11 make your drop for
dialog: you, old man. And don't worry, you
dialog: can trust me.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: pmf #02062 - Rev. 1/9/73 8
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED ~ 3
text: Mottola puts the bills in his inside coat pocket, right next
text: to the numbers money. The stranger, who has now finished
text: bandaging, watches him do it. .
speaker_heading: STRANGER :
dialog: If those goons out there decide to (2
dialog: search ya, you'll never fool ‘em
dialog: carryin' it there.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: - (suddenly afraid again)
dialog: What do we do?
scene_heading: - " v' ++ “STRANGER
dialog: You got a bag or somethin'?
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: . STRANGER
dialog: How ‘bout a handkerchief?
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: Here.
text: The stranger goes into the right coat pocket and pulls out a
dialog: wrinkled handkerchief. .
speaker_heading: . STRANGER
dialog: Let me have the money.
text: Mottola takes out the Black Man's five grand and hands it to
text: the stranger. He puts it in the handkerchief.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: You better stick that other in here
dialog: too, if you wanta keep it.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Sust hurry, will ya. They think I (x
dialog: been holding out on them. My wife
dialog: got sick and I had to pay the bills.
dialog: -I wasn't holding out -- I told them
dialog: I'd make it up next delivery.
text: Mottola pulls out the numbers money and puts it in the hand-
text: kerchief too. The stranger ties it all up.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: (Gemanstrating by
dialog: slipping the bundle
dialog: down into crotch)
dialog: All right. Carry it down in your
dialog: - pants here. :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ~ edm
speaker_heading: SA
dialog: #02062 -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 4
speaker_heading: STRANGER (Cont'd)
dialog: (pulling it back out
dialog: and. tucking it in
dialog: Mottola's pants)
dialog: Ain't no hard guy in the world gonna
dialog: frisk ya there.
speaker_heading: MOTTOLA
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (to the black man)
dialog: So long, partner, Don't worry,
dialog: everything's gonna be allright,
text: The Black Man nods gratefully, but there's still a trace of
text: worry on his face. Mottola trots off down the alley and
text: out onto the street, glancing around cautiously for signs of
text: trouble, He walks hurriedly down the sidewalk toward the :
text: cab stand in the distance. Suddenly the little man with
text: the knife appears out of a doorway about 15 yards behind him.
text: Mottola notices him and quickens his pace, finally breaking
dialog: into a dead run. . :
text: We follow him as he dashes headlong down the street, opening
text: a big lead on the guy with the knife, He reaches the taxi
text: zone. He hops in a cab and slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI = DAY
text: He jumps in, closes the door, and breathes a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: MOTTOLA
dialog: Which way is Mason?
speaker_heading: CABBIE
text: About 20 blocks south,
speaker_heading: MOTTOLA :
dialog: Okay, go north. The Joliet Station --
dialog: Fast.
text: Mottola settles back in his seat and starts to leugh.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: What's so funny,
speaker_heading: MOTTOLA
dialog: I just made the world's easiest five
dialog: grand. :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 5-A
speaker_heading: #02062 , - 10
dialog: (x
speaker_heading: ' CONTINUED
text: He takes the bundle out from inside his pants in order to
text: gaze upon his new-found fortune. He unties the handkerchief.
text: It's full of toilet paper. Mottola looks like he's just been
dialog: shot. .
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY ~ THE STRANGER AND BLACK MAN
text: hightailing it down the street, two newly solvent con artists
text: on the lam. It's hard to run they're laughing so hard. The
text: stranger chucks his suitcase into a trash can, and pulls into
text: an alcove. The older black man is puffing and out of breath.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: Hold on Johnny. Oh man, was that
dialog: beautiful! Let's see it ---
text: The stranger gets out the envelope and starts tearing it
dialog: open,
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: I was sure he was on to us.
speaker_heading: BLACK MAN
dialog: Naw, you had him all the way. He
dialog: just...
text: He stops as the stranger pulls the numbers money out of the
text: envelope. They stare at it.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: My God, Luther, we're millionaires.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: Jesus, what a bundle. Did you know
dialog: he was that loaded?
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Hell no, I just cut into him. I
dialog: woulda settled for pawning one of
dialog: them shoes. .
dialog: 5°
text: They look at each other in delight. Then the black man looks
text: over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SLACK MAN
dialog: C'mon, we gotta get out of here!
dialog: We'll split it tonight. See ya
dialog: later.
text: The two men take off, splitting up this time.
speaker_heading: cuT To
dialog: 8-A
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: iL
dialog: 12
scene_heading: #02062 - Rev. 1/9/73
dialog: be
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: TITLES SEQUENCE
text: Done to a driving Chicago blues, the sequence is designed to
text: establish somewhat the milieu of the stranger, known to friends
dialog: and enemies alike as Hooker. We see the following:
scene_heading: EXT. PAWNSHOP = DAY - LOOKING INSIDE
text: Hooker is getting a radio and a garish suit out of hock. It's
text: like seeing old friends again. All pantomime.
scene_heading: “INT. HOOKER'S ROOM - DAY
text: A shabby little place he rents above a cigar store. We pick
text: him up in a jerry-built outdoor shower, which he's rigged up
text: on the fire escape. The rinse water drips down through the
text: landing inte the grimy alley below.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (singing) :
dialog: ‘with plenty of money and you-c0-co.
dialog: Oh baby, what I wouldn't do-o0-00....!
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: ON THE STREET AGAIN - NIGHT
text: jauntily carrying a magnum of champagne and some flowers, ob-
text: viously on his way to see someone special.
scene_heading: IN A .BURLESQUE HOUSE C
text: Carrying the flowers and champagne, Hooker comes through the (
text: stage door and makes his way toward the wings where he brushes
text: by the floor manager.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Howdy, Hooker, you gettin' married Q
dialog: ox somethin'?
text: . HOOKER of QO
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Get used to it, Ed, I'm gonna look
dialog: this good from now on.
text: He stands in the wings and watches his date for the evening, (3
text: a 6'3° stripper named Crystal, do her routine. .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: “pmf” = #02062 = Rev. 1/9/73 . : l-
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED
text: Crystal finishes up and comes off the stage.
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: {tired)
dialog: Ei, Hooker, you gettin' married or
dialog: somethin'?
dialog: {going past him) (
dialog: For God's sake Ed, did you hear
dialog: that out there? Corio couldn't
dialog: keep time in a watch factory. How
dialog: long do I gotta put up with that?
dialog: (Ed just walks
dialog: away) .
speaker_heading: BOOKER :
dialog: You wanna get outa. here tonight? Lee -- C
dialog: Come into a little dough.
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: Can't. I got a 10 o'clock show.
dialog: I need the five bucks.
dialog: jy
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: #02062 : : “3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'll spend fifty on ya.
text: Crystal locks at him a second and starts to giggle. We're
dialog: pretty sure she's gonna get outa here tonight, .
text: COMING INTO A POOR MAN'S GAMBLING JOINT
text: Little more than a converted brick basement, the Place contains
text: three shoddy, homemade roulette tables. Hooker, accompanied
text: now by Crystal, nods a greeting to the doorman’ Crystal keeps
text: up a steady stream of conversation,
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL
dialog: Ya know, Hooker, I think I need a
text: new band. Hogan don't show up.
dialog: anymore, and Corio'’s such a lush °
dialog: he can't even keep time. You hear
dialog: what he was playin’ tonight?
dialog: (illustrating with
dialog: appropriate moves)
dialog: T'do my kick and turn and he:
dialog: comes with ka chu boom boom
dialog: instead of ka chu ka chu boom boom.
dialog: What if some movie agent was there.
dialog: and I'm tryin’ to dance to ka chu
dialog: boom boom, huh? All those years
dialog: of trainin’ down the drain,
text: Hooker goes to a table where there are already several other
text: people laying their bets for the next spin. Hooker knows the
dialog: wheelman, .an old-timer named Jimmy. .
speaker_heading: oIMMY
dialog: (glad to see him)
dialog: Hooker! :
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How ya doin', Jimmy, '
speaker_heading: - JIMMY
dialog: (collecting bets
dialog: and paying off the
dialog: winners)
dialog: Ain't seen you in months, boy,
dialog: Thought maybe you took a fall.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Naw, just a little hard times,
text: that's all. It's all over now.
speaker_heading: . CONTINUED
dialog: als
dialog: 13
dialog: #02062 , . . : “ou
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: - JIMMY
dialog: You gonna have a go here?
dialog: {pointing to the
dialog: betting board) ©
dialog: How ‘bout a ten spot on the line
dialog: here. The 4-9 been lookin' good
dialog: today. Lotsa action on 28th Street
dialog: down there, too. Pay ya 341. ¢
text: As Jimmy finishes his spiel, he starts the. wheel spinning
text: and drops in the ball. Betting is allowed to continue until
text: the ball drops from the outer ring into the center.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (taking out
dialog: his wallet)
text: Three grand on the black.
text: Jimmy is stunned. The others at the table, used to dollar
dialog: bets, look at Hooker like he's some kind of foreign dignitary.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (worried)
dialog: You sure you wanna start off that
dialog: big? Bet like that could put a
dialog: real dent in us, .
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I feel lucky tonight.
speaker_heading: : JIMMY
dialog: Aw, come on, Hooker, why don't you
dialog: just....
speaker_heading: HOOKER :
dialog: Three grand on the Black, Jimmy.
text: Jimmy wants to argue some more, but the ball is getting ready
text: te drop into the center. We see Jimmy quickly press a hidden
text: lever under the table with his foot. ‘The ball falls and
text: settles into red 27 with a motion that is not quite right.
text: The others at the table fail to notice, but Hooker is not
text: fooled. He stares venomously at Jimmy, who knows that
text: Hooker is on to him.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Sorry, Hooker.
dialog: (making an attempt
dialog: at levity, in order
dialog: ‘to explain)
dialog: Good thing that ball came up red.
dialog: Guy could get in trouble around
dialog: here, losin' a bet that big.
speaker_heading: _ CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ak #02062
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED + 2
text: Jimmy reaches for Hooker's money. Hooker stops him by Putting
text: his hand on it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Spin it again.
text: Jimmy doesn't know what the hell to do. He gives Hooker a (
text: little head motion to indicate a large and menacing thug sittin
text: in a corner watching them. Suddenly, Hooker understands why
text: Jimmy had to cheat him, but it doesn't change his demand.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Spin it anyway, Jimmy.
text: Jimmy is beside himself. If he doesn't spin again, Hooker may
text: expose him. If he does spin, and loses, his management will
text: fire him. He pleads to Hooker with his eyes; but it's no use;
text: Jimmy spins the wheel and reluctantly drops in the ball. This
text: time there is no foot on the lever, and it settles into black
text: 15. Hooker stares at the ball a second and then looks up at
text: his terrified friend.
speaker_heading: - . HOOKER
dialog: Don't worry, pal. I knew it was
dialog: my night.
text: Hooker pushes the money over to Jimmy and walks out of the room,
text: nodding to the thug on the way out. He's lost $3,000, but he's (
text: still working on a lucky night.
speaker_heading: : cuT TO
scene_heading: 13-A EXT. GAMBLING JOINT - NIGHT ‘ (
dialog: . . . x
text: Hocker and Crystal out on the street.
speaker_heading: CRYSTAL (x
dialog: (checking her watch)
dialog: Well, looks like I can still make
dialog: the 10 o'clock. Thanks for the big
dialog: evening, Hooker, The next time you
dialog: wanna spend 50 bucks on me, mail it.
text: She walks off down the street.
speaker_heading: HOOKER -
dialog: (going into his pocket
dialog: for more money)
dialog: Hey wait a minute.
dialog: (he comes up
dialog: with 30¢)
dialog: Aw, the hell with ya.
dialog: cur To
speaker_heading: sd
dialog: 14
dialog: 1s
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: #02062
scene_heading: EXT. THE WATERFRONT PROCESSING PLANT - NIGET
text: A late model Ford roars up and screeches to a stop in front
text: of the plant. Out bursts a carefully-groomed, tight-lipped
text: young man named Greer, who hustles into the plant. We
text: follow him through a maze of machinery to the service
text: elevator and up to the third floor where we find ourselves
dialog: in the clearinghouse room we saw earlier.
scene_heading: INT. PLANT - AFTERNOON = LATE
text: The working day is over now, and everyone has gone, except
text: for Combs, who sits somberly in his office.
speaker_heading: : GREER
dialog: They found Mottola. He was drunk
dialog: in a dive in Joliet.. Never-got’
text: on the train. Ss
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: {aggravated) .
dialog: ZT don't wanta hear about his day,
dialog: Greer. What happened to the money? ,
speaker_heading: GREER
dialog: He lost it to a coupla con artists
text: on his way outa the spot.
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: How much?-
speaker_heading: GREER
dialog: Twelve thousand.
text: Combs sits in quiet thought for a second. Finally:
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: All right. Better get on the phone
dialog: to New York. See what the big mick
dialog: wants to do about it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I gotta pretty good idea, though.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: INT. - AN EXCLUSIVE NEW YORK GAMBLING CLUB - LATE AFTERNOON
text: An agitated young man, Floyd, weaves his way through the
text: craps and roulette tables, and hustles Up a staircase to
text: a second floor room with a drawing of a snarling tiger on
text: the deor. Below the tiger, the word "FARO" appears.
text: There is a large man, of thuggish demeanor, guarding the
text: door, but Floyd gives him a small hand signal and walks
dialog: right by him. :
dialog: , curt To
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: #02062
scene_heading: INSIDE THE FARO ROOM
text: Ih the center is a beautifully-carved wooden table, on which
text: sit a faro board and a dealing box, tended by a stone-faced
text: Dealer, who calls the progress of the game in a continuous
text: monotone. On his right is a bookish little man with an
text: abacus-like device that keeps track of the cards which have
text: already been played. On the opposite side of the table,
text: completely absorbed in the rhythmic appearance of the cards
text: from the dealing box, sits Doyle Lonnegan. Although his
dialog: clothes ard accessories are those of a wealthy man, there is
dialog: @ coarseness to both his movement and speech which bespeak
text: lower class origins, for which he now has nothing but contempt.
text: Floyd enters the room and approaches him cautiously, trying
dialog: _hard to make as little noise as possible. :
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Doyle, can I see you.a minute?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (not looking up
dialog: from the table)
dialog: I'm busy, Floyd.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: It's important. We had a little
dialog: trouble in Chicago today. One of
dialog: our runners got hit for 12 grand.
dialog: # new man, Mottola. “¢
dialog: (
speaker_heading: CG
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You sure he didn't just pocket it? .
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: No’, we checked his story with a
text: tipster. He was cleaned by two
text: grifters on 47th.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: They workin' for anybody?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: I don‘t know. Could be. We're
dialog: runnin' that down now.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: All right, mark this Mottola up a (x
dialog: little and put him on a bus. Nothin'
dialog: fancy, just enough to keep him from
dialog: coming back. Get some local people
dialog: to take care of the grifters.
dialog: (impassively)
dialog: We gotta discourage this kinda thing.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
speaker_heading: pmf
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: #0206200 os L
dialog: {x
scene_heading: INT, AN OLD BROWNSTONE - NIGHT
text: Hooker, still in his suit, but looking a little worse for wear,
text: knocks on the door of one of the apartments. A young black
text: woman, Louise, answers the door, holding a baby.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (doffing his hat)
dialog: Evenin', Louise.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: (standing back to
dialog: appraise him)
dialog: Goddamn, Johnny: Hooker, if you ain't
dialog: a sharper in them linens. Wasn't
dialog: I knew ya so good, I'd swear you
dialog: had class,
text: Hooker laughs and walks into a big hug from an older black
text: woman, Alva. Beyond her, in the dining alcove, we see the
dialog: Black Man, (from here on referred to as Luther Coleman) playing
text: a game of Mah-Jongg with another man whose back is to us.
text: Elsewhere in the room, a l2-year-old boy, Leroy, sits in front
text: of a big cabinet radio, listening to a crime-busters serial,
text: Both the radio and the conversation between Luther and his
text: friend can be heard in the background. Louise puts the baby
dialog: to hed.
scene_heading: OTHER MAN ALVA :
text: (putting down a (embracing him
dialog: *bambos' Mah- in a bear hug)
dialog: Jongg tile): Oh Johnny, Luther said you
dialog: 5 sticks. was somethin' to see today.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN HOOKER
dialog: (not wanting it,
dialog: so drawing from
dialog: the pile another
dialog: tile and dis-
dialog: carding it)
dialog: North Wind.
speaker_heading: OTHER MAN
dialog: (snapping it up)
dialog: Pung!
dialog: (discarding an-
dialog: other tile)
dialog: 3 cracks.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (net being able
dialog: to use that one
dialog: either, drawing
dialog: from the pile
dialog: again and dis-
dialog: carding it)
dialog: Green dragon.
dialog: I don't know, Alva. I
dialog: gotta get faster tyin' up
dialog: that bundle. I'm still
dialog: givin' ‘em too much time
dialog: to think.
speaker_heading: ALVA
dialog: (going to the
dialog: closet and get-
dialog: ting her coat
dialog: . . and hat)
dialog: aw, boushwah, I played the
dialog: Switch with slower hands
dialog: than you got. Course the
dialog: Up and Down Broadway was my
dialog: best game. Me and Luther
dialog: didn't make much on it, but
dialog: it wasn't so touchy. Them
dialog: marks used to beat ya up
dialog: awful bad when they caught
text: ya on the Switch.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: pmeé #02062
speaker_heading: 18 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: OTHER MAN
dialog: (drawing from
text: pile, reacting
dialog: with glee)
dialog: “ Another flower! Hot dog,
dialog: I got all 4! And I get
dialog: te draw again. How do you
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: e COLEMAN
dialog: (he doesn't
dialog: like it)
dialog: Just play the game, will
dialog: ya Erie.
speaker_heading: ALVA (Cont'd)
dialog: (to the boy)
dialog: Let's go, Leroy, we'll be
dialog: late for church.
speaker_heading: LEROY
dialog: (absorbed in
dialog: the radio)
dialog: Aw c'mon Ma, they're closin
text: in on McGurn.
speaker_heading: ALVA
dialog: Who you rootin' for anyway?
dialog: {to herself)
dialog: Don't seem to be no help
dialog: for it...No matter what we
dialog: do, the boy turns out good.
text: Leroy goes to get his jacket. Louise is finished putting the
dialog: baby to bed.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Since when you been goin' to church
dialog: at night?
speaker_heading: ALVA
dialog: Since they started late bingo. I'm
dialog: gonna call on the Lord for a little
text: cash while he's still payin’ off.
dialog: Luther, you look in on that child
dialog: from time to time, will ya?
text: +, Luther nods that he will. Alva, Leroy and Louise leave for
text: church. Hooker goes to the dining room table and plops down
text: some money in front of the other man (known as the Erie Kid)
text: who we recognize as the thief who stole Luther's wallet.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Nice goin', Erie. The guy turned
text: out to be an oil well, .
text: Erie and Hooker share a laugh. Luther is conspicuously silent.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (to Erie)
dialog: Which way did he go?
speaker_heading: ERIE
dialog: Due north. He was gonna take it
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: The bastard. He can blow his nose
dialog: all the way.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2
speaker_heading: HOOKER (Cont'd)
dialog: (putting a bundle of
text: bills down in front
dialog: of Luther)
dialog: Eere ya go, Luther. Six gees.
text: Luther doesn't even look at it.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN .
dialog: You're late. Where you been?
speaker_heading: , HOOKER
dialog: (flopping into a
dialog: chair)
dialog: _ I had some appointments.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: {net fooled) “
dialog: How much did ya lose?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: All of it.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: In one gaddamn night? What are ya
dialog: sprayin' money around like that
dialog: for? You coulda been nailed.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I checked the place out. There
dialog: weren't no dicks in there.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN |
dialog: You're a con man, and you blew it
dialog: iike a pimp. I didn't teach ya to
dialog: be no pimp.
speaker_heading: . ROOKER
dialog: What's eatin' you? I've blown
dialog: money before.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: No class grifter woulda done it,
dialog: that's all. -
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You think my play is bad?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I think it's the best....
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: pm£ #02062 = Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: 18 CONTINUED = 3
text: Hooker sinks back, embarrassed that he misread Coleman's in-
text: tentions.
speaker_heading: . COLEMAN
dialog: «eeIt's the only reason I ain't
dialog: quit before now.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: . I'm gettin’ too slow for this
dialog: racket. You hang on too tong, you
dialog: start embarrassin' yourself.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What are you talkin' about? We
dialog: just took off the biggest score
dialog: we've ever had.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: It's nothin' compared to what you
dialog: could be makin' on the Big Con, .
dialog: You're wastin' your time workin'
dialog: street marks. .
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Hey look. You think I'm gonna run
dialog: out on ya or somethin'? Luther,
dialog: I owe you everything. If you hadn't
dialog: taught me con, I wouldn't know :
dialog: nothin’.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (a little embarrassed)
dialog: Aw hell, you sound like some god=
dialog: dam sucker,
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: But you played the Big Con. You
dialog: said it was nothin’. A game for
text: flakes and mama's boys.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Hell, I never played no Big Con.
dialog: I hung around and picked up a few
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: pmf
dialog: 1s
speaker_heading: i8-A
dialog: "#02062
dialog: nw
speaker_heading: * CONTINUED = 4
speaker_heading: COLEMAN. (Cont'd)
dialog: things, but there ain’t no rich (
dialog: boys gonna trust a hungry nigger
dialog: enough to get conned.
dialog: (pause, holding
dialog: up the money) .
dialog: I been lookin' for this one all my
dialog: life, Johnny. Now I got a chance
text: to step out at the top.
dialog: Hocker knows it's no use,
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (after a iong
dialog: - silence)
dialog: What the hell you gonna do with
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Aw, I got a brother down in K.C.,
dialog: runs a freight outlet. I can go
dialog: halfsies with ‘em! It ain't too
dialog: exciting, but it’s mostly legal,
text: Hooker just nods.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: Straighten up, kid. TI wouldn't
dialog: turn ya out if ya weren't ready.
dialog: (flipping Hooker
dialog: a piece of paper)
dialog: There’s a guy in Chicago named (
dialog: Henry Gondorf£ I want you to look
dialog: up. There ain't a better insideman
dialog: alive. He'll teach ya everything
dialog: ya gotta know.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOOKER —
dialog: You'll take a cut of what I make,
dialog: won't ya?
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: I'm out, Johnny.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Tf that's the way you want.it.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: That’s the way I want it. .
scene_heading: EXT. A DOWNTOWN SECTION OF JOLIET - wicHT , (
text: Mottola, dapper as ever; but roaring drunk and belligerent as (
text: hell, stumbles out of a "Jump" nightclub, draped all over a
text: young party girl.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 18-A
dialog: 19
dialog: #02062 se oS oo 2:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: A doorman offers to assist him to his car, but Mottola pushes
text: him away in contempt. The girl, a little wobbly herself, has
text: the presence of mind to signal for a cab. One pulls over
text: immediately and she opens the rear door and helps Mottola in.
text: Instead of getting in herself, however, she blows him a little
text: kiss and turns back toward the club.
text: Mottola, not planning on going home empty-handed, reaches out
text: to pull her back when suddenly, out of nowhere, two men wear-
text: ing gray suits and black fedoras slide in next to him, one on
text: either side. They close their respective doors quickly and
text: signal the cabbie to pull out. Not a word is spoken, but
text: Mottola knows he's in big trouble for the second time today.
speaker_heading: CUT To
scene_heading: EXT. A DIMLY LIT STREET - NIGHT.
text: It's late at night now, Hooker and Eirie wander along the
text: street together, not really ready to go home, but with neo
text: other ideas either. Hooker, obviously preoccupied, idly
text: strikes a match on a street lamp as he passes and lets it burn
text: out. He does this several times.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How do you like that Coleman, huh?
dialog: After five years.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Aw come on, it was the only thing
dialog: to do. He knew he was holdin’ ya
dialog: back. .
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: We were partners. If it weren't
dialog: for Luther I'd still be hustlin'
dialog: pinball down at Gianelli's. I don't
dialog: need anything more than I got.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: .., You ain't gonna have nothin' if you
dialog: "3° don't lay off them games of chance.
dialog: There's a depression on ya know.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: There's always a depression on. .
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: If you saved a little, you wouldn't
dialog: have to grift sce much,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: jy
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: 402062 ae : 2
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I like griftin',
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: You could buy yourself some things.
dialog: Clothes, or a nice car....
speaker_heading: : HOOKER
dialog: I don't look any good in clothes
dialog: ' and I don't know how to drive,
dialog: What else ya got to sell, Eirie?
speaker_heading: . EIRIE
dialog: Forget it.
text: ‘ghey walk on a few more feet, when suddenly a police car pulls
text: up alongside them and two men jump out. The first, a uniformed
text: policeman, grabs Eirie around the neck. tte : -
text: Hooker makes a break for it, but the second figure, a burly
text: detective named Snyder, tackles him in the middle of the
text: street, drags him back into the alley and plasters him up
text: against a brick wall. The two have met before.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Hi there, Snyder, Things a little
text: slow down at the Bunco Department
dialog: tonight, eh? Somebody lose the
dialog: dominoes?
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: You scored blood money today, Hooker.
dialog: You need a friend.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: {knocking Snyder's
dialog: : hand away) .
dialog: Aw, find yourself a shoplifter to
dialog: roll.
text: Snyder gives Hooker a swift knee in the thigh and follows it
text: with an elbow across the head, Hooker flies into a row of
dialog: boxes and garbage cans. -
speaker_heading: BOOKER
text: (getting up slowly) ..
dialog: You got the wrong guy, pal. I been
text: home with the flu all day.
dialog: {rising to a
dialog: fuller height)
dialog: You can stake out my toilet if
dialog: you want.
text: Bang. Snyder, infuriated by Hooker's irreverance, slams him
text: to the ground again. The policeman is-no longer holding
text: Eirie but is almost daring him to make a move. Eirie wants to
text: go to Hooker's aid, but he knows the policeman will. beat him to
scene_heading: @ pulp. CONTINUED
scene_heading: sy = #02062 . oo . . - 2.
speaker_heading: 19 CONTINUED - 2
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: (pulling Hooker
dialog: out of the heap
dialog: and smashing him
text: against the wall
dialog: again)
dialog: Ttll tell ya what you did, smart
dialog: -boy. You tied into a loaded mark
dialog: on 47th. You and Coleman played (xX
dialog: the switch for him and blew him
text: off to a cab on 49th. If he hadn't
dialog: been a numbers runner for Doyle
dialog: Lonnegan, it woulda been perfect.
speaker_heading: . . HOOKER
dialog: (startled by the
dialog: information)
dialog: You're crazy. I'm not stupid.
dialog: enough to play for rackets money.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Not intentionally maybe, but
dialog: that don't make no difference to
dialog: Lonnegan. He'll swat you like
dialog: any fly.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'll square it with the fixer,
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Nobody can buy you a prayer, if
dialog: I put the finger on ya.
text: Snyder lets go. Hooker sinks back against the wall, He says
text: nothing; he's waiting for the price.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: I figure your end of the score was
dialog: at least 3 gees. I want 2 no matter
dialog: what it was.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (lying)
dialog: My end was only one,
speaker_heading: _ SNYDER.
dialog: (net taking
dialog: the fake)
dialog: Then you'll have to come up with
text: another grand somewhere.
text: Hooker is beat and he knows it,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: jy
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: XR
dialog: -. #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 3
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: All right,
text: He reaches into his coat, pulls out a stack of bills and
dialog: counts out $2000 to Snyder.
dialog: he didn't think Hooker had it,
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: {pocketing the
dialog: money and mo-"
dialog: tioning his
dialog: partner to put
dialog: his gun away)
dialog: You're a smart egg, Hooker. No use
dialog: dyin! for 2 grand. . :
text: Eirie looks on in amazement;
text: snyder and his policeman friend get in their car and start
text: down the street.
dialog: other direction.
text: Snyder and his partner disappear around a corner.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: I thought you blew all your
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I did. That stuff I gave him
dialog: was counterfeit. They'll pinch
dialog: him the first place he tries to
dialog: spend it.
text: suddenly takes off like a shot,
scene_heading: INT, DRUGSTORE = NIGHT
text: He runs into a drugstore and goes to the ‘phone booth.
text: already a woman in it.
dialog: her out.
text: Rurriedly, he begins to dial.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: (standing outside
dialog: the booth)
dialog: What the hell you gonna do when
text: Snyder rushes his finger right to
dialog: Leonnegan? You're committin' suicide,
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (waiting for
dialog: - the ring)
dialog: Aw Christ, it doesn't make no
dialog: difference now. If Snyder knows
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Hooker and Eirie walk nonchalantly in the |
dialog: Hooker
dialog: There's
text: Hooker rips open the deor and throws
dialog: Sy
dialog: 20
dialog: 2
dialog: 22
dialog: 22-A
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: f
dialog: #02062 a : . og
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: HOOKER (Cont'd)
dialog: about it so does everybody else.
dialog: He never gets anything first...
text: Damn, there's no answer at Luther's,
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Listen to me, Hooker, Whatever
dialog: you do, don't go back to your place
dialog: tonight, don't go anyplace you
dialog: usually go, ya hear me? Get outa
dialog: town or somethint, but....
text: Hooker, still getting no answer, slams the phone down and
text: blasts out of the booth.
scene_heading: EXT, STREET = NIGHT
text: Eirie chases him frantically, calling him to come back, but
dialog: he's giving away too many years and there's no stopping Hooker
dialog: at this point.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO
scene_heading: EXT, STREET - NIGHT - SHOTS OF HOOKER
dialog: pumping down the street, ©
scene_heading: EXT, LUTHER'S BROWNSTONE = NIGHT
text: Hooker races into Luther's brownstone, charges up to the
dialog: third floor,
scene_heading: INT, LUTHER'S BROWNSTONE - NIGET
text: Hooker runs up through a small group of people on the stairs.
text: He bursts into Luther's room, the door of which is already
text: open, The xoom shows signs of a struggle, a turned-over chair,
text: a broken lamp, but there is no Coleman. Hooker goes slowly
text: to the window. He looks down into the courtyard and then
text: suddenly sprints back out the door. As we hear him scrambling
text: down the stairs, the camera dollies to the window and looks
text: out. Over this, the sound of the baby crying,
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD =~ NIGHT
text: There on the concrete below, face down, is the body of Luther
text: Coleman, Hooker races out to it and kneels down.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: jy
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: - #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (shaking the body)
dialog: C'mon Luther, get up. You gotta
dialog: get up, Luther,
text: In the distance, sirens are heard. Heads are out of the
text: windows and some people are starting to gather in the courtyarc
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Goddamn you, Luther, will you get
dialog: up?
dialog: (shaking the body) Q
dialog: I'm not waitin' for you, Luther. |
dialog: I'm not waitin' dnymore, Get up,
dialog: _ you son-of-a-bitch., Goddamn you,
dialog: Luther, goddamn. : .
text: The sirens are close now, and Hooker tears himself away from
text: Luther and runs, The others gather to look at the body.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: “da
speaker_heading: * #02062
speaker_heading: FADE IN
speaker_heading: THE SET-UP
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: ‘la
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT, THE TRAIN STATION - DAY
text: We open on Hooker sleeping in some remote corner of the
text: station, covered with newspapers for warmth, and barely
text: distinguishable from the clutter of junk surrounding him.
text: A station security officer, on his morning sweep, wanders by
text: and delivers a terrific blow to the soles of Hooker's feet
text: with a nightstick, Hooker jolts awake with a cry of pain, as
text: the officer diffidently moves on toward another Sleeping
dialog: victim. ¢
text: Tired and sore from his night in the Station, Hooker struggles
text: to his feet and attempts to take stock of the situation,
text: -He tries to smooth. the wrinkles out of his suit, but it's
text: futile. A quick check of his wallet finds it as empty as
dialog: he'd remembered it,
speaker_heading: cUuT TO
scene_heading: THE STATION - GIFT SHOP - DAY
text: Hooker walks in and goes to the toy section. He looks through
text: several small novelties, till he finds what he's looking for
text: er a little tin replica of a policeman's badge. He looks
text: around for station detectives, and seeing none, slips the
text: badge into his pocket.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: THE STATION - WASHROOM = DAY
text: Hooker rinses out his mouth, towels off his face and slicks
text: his hair back with water.’ It's a drop in the bucket, but
text: it seems to revitalize him a little.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: STATION ~ HALLWAY - DAY
text: Wa see Hooker removing a sign from a door, but the angle
dialog: prohibits us from reading it.
scene_heading: INT. STATION ~ DAY
text: He drops the sign in a waste can and walks out into the
text: crowded passenger lobby. After scanning the area earefully
text: for a minute, he goes up to a conservative young business
text: man, who's busy reading the schedule board. :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: omm -
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (flashing open his
dialog: wallet to reveal
dialog: the little tin badge
dialog: and then closing it
dialog: again cuickly)
dialog: ' Excuse me, sir. Treasury Dept...
dialog: T'd like to ask you a few cuestions.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: What for? I haven't done anything.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: We don't doubt that, but there's a
dialog: counterfeiting operation passing bad
dialog: money in the station. Have you made
dialog: any purchases here today?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Yes, a ticket to Chicago.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Then I'm afraid we'll have to impound
dialog: your money until we're sure that it's
dialog: all good. Can I see your wallet and
dialog: your ticket, please?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (handing them over)
dialog: But I got a train to make.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (taking out the
dialog: money and returning
dialog: the wallet)
dialog: It'll only take 20 minutes or so.
dialog: You can pick it up at the window
text: down the hall. .
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: But what about all these other peorle?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (blowing up)
dialog: We'll get 'em: Give us a chance.
dialog: I'm not the only agent in here, ya
dialog: know. We go around advertising our-
dialog: selves, how many counterfeiters do
dialog: you think we'd catch, huh?
dialog: (pointing to has suit)
dialog: You think I'm wearin’ this rag her+
dialog: ‘cause I like it? Christ, evervbody
dialog: thinks life's a holiday or somethin'
dialog: when you got a badge.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: “mg
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: _ #02062 La ae
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 2
speaker_heading: HOOKER (Cont'd)
dialog: {pouring 1¢ on)
dialog: I been here since three this morn-
dialog: ing. Charlie. and I never knew
dialog: there was so much ugliness in
dialog: people. You try to help ‘em and.
dialog: they spit on you. I shoulda let
dialog: "ya go and gotten yourself arrested
dialog: for passin’ false notes. :
text: The Businessman is totally shamed.
speaker_heading: - MAN
dialog: I'm sorry, really I am, but my
text: train leaves in ten minutes,
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: All right. I'11 give yaa break,
dialog: (pointing to a
dialog: hall)
dialog: Down that hall there. there's an
text: unmarked door on the left. Go on
text: in there and wait at the window.
dialog: I'll take this...
dialog: (he holds up
dialog: the money)
dialog: eevdn the back and run it through
dialog: right away. We'll have you outta
text: there in a couple minutes.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Thank you. You don't know how
dialog: much I appreciate this, —
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (with a little
dialog: wave)
dialog: Think nothin‘ of it,
text: The man goes off down the hall, more than grateful to be given
text: a break like this. Hooker heads for the “back." We follow
text: the Man down the hall to the unmarked door. He strides on
text: through to find himself face to face with a wall of busily
text: flushing urinals.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: EXT, STATION - DAY - HOOKER
text: boarding the 8:10 for Chicago.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT, STATION - DAY
text: The Man wandering up and down the hall, wondering how he coula
dialog: have missed that room.
dialog: mg
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: #02062 . 3
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREET - DAY
text: The street runs alongside an elevated train track, We pick
text: up Hooker coming down the street, eating a hot dog he bought
dialog: with the money he just earned in the train station,
text: He appears to be looking for an address, referring every now
text: and then to the piece of paper Luther gave him the night
text: before. Finally he stops in front of an old three-story
text: building which contains a carousel on the bottom two floors
text: and what appear to be apartments on the third floor, He peers
text: inside the big, sliding glass doors and seeing no sign of
text: life, goes around to the side to look for a way in,
text: A 35-year-old woman, Billie, appears in her bathrobe on the (
text: second floor landing and descends the stairs to get the
text: morning paper. She's eating an apple. Although she has just
text: gotten up and looks it, she has the Presence of one who is
dialog: probably quite striking at ‘other hours, The sight of Hooker |
text: fazes her not at all.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Excuse me, I'm looking for a guy
dialog: named Henry Gondorff, You know
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: (starting back up
dialog: the stairs)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: Luther Coleman sent me.
text: Billie stops and comes back down the stairs, It's the first
text: time she's stopped chewing.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: (checking him out)
dialog: You Hooker?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeh.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Why didn't you say so, I thought
dialog: maybe you was a copper or somethin',
text: She goes to a side door and unlocks it.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
text: It's the room in the back. He
dialog: wasn't expecting you so soon though.
dialog: Hooker's not quite sure what that means, but there's something
dialog: about Billie that makes him know that.you don't ask,
dialog: #02062 Co mo, . og
scene_heading: INT, CAROUSEL - DAY
text: Hocker walks past the now motionless carousel to the room in
text: the back and knocks on the door. No answer. He gives the
text: door a little push and it swings open,
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF’S ROOM = DAY
text: The room inside is small and cluttered, consisting of a bed,
text: a sink, and a bathroom, all covered by a layer of books, éirty
text: clothes and beer bottles. Draped over a chair, fully dressed,
text: but completely passed out is the one and only Henry Gondorff,
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: The great Henry Gondorff,
dialog: "eur to
scene_heading: INT. A SHOWER - DAY
text: water blasting out of the fixture. We see Gondorff, still
text: fully clothed, sitting in the bottom of the shower, the spray
text: streaming off his face. An imposing figure, with deep set
text: eyes, he just sits there stoically, looking like a soggy C
text: lumberjack. Hooker, sitting on the floor between the toilet
text: and the sink. watches listlessly. Finally -<-
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: Turn the goddamn thing off, will ya.
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: You sober?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: T can talk, can't I?
text: Hooker makes no move to get up. Gondorff struggles to his
text: knees, turns off the water, and slumps back against the wall.
text: The two men just look past each other a second. Down in the
dialog: bottom.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Glad to meet ya. kid. You're a
dialog: real horse’s ass.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeh, Luther said you could teach
dialog: me something. I already know how
dialog: to drink.
text: Gondorff wipes his face with his hand, His mood softens a
dialog: little, :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: mg
dialog: 35
dialog: ~~
dialog: |
dialog: |
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: "
dialog: a
dialog: ,
dialog: '
dialog: ’ .
dialog: '
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: aN
dialog: o~
dialog: #02062 = ° 7+
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GONDOREF
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'm sorry about Luther. He was
dialog: the best street worker I ever saw,
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: He had you down as a big-timer,
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: GONDORFP
dialog: Aw, I conned a Senator from Florida
dialog: on a stocks deal. A real lop-ear,
dialog: He thought he was gonna take over
dialog: General Electric. Some Chantoozie
dialog: woke him up, though, and he put the
dialog: feds on me,
speaker_heading: HOOKER.
dialog: You mean you blew it.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Luther didn't tell me you had a big
dialog: mouth,
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: He didn't tell me you was a fuck-up,
dialog: either. . :
dialog: (Gondorff looks
dialog: : at him coldly)
dialog: You played the Big Con since then.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: No, I lammed it around for a while
dialog: while things cooled off. Philly,
dialog: Denver, Baltimore, nuthin' towns.
text: Hooker's disappointment is obvious.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: But don't kid yourself, friend. 1
dialog: still know how,
text: Hooker nods, unconvinced,
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (getting up from
dialog: the floor and emp-
dialog: tying the water out
dialog: of his pockets)
dialog: You gonna stay for breakfast, or
dialog: do you already know how to eat?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ~ 2
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (tired)
dialog: I picked something up on the way.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: (sensing something)
dialog: Lonnegan after you, too?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I don't know, Haven't seen anybody.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You never do, kid.
dialog: We go to Hooker. He hadn't thought of that,
scene_heading: EXT. A BEAUTIFUL OLD COLONIAL COUNTRY CLUB = LONG ISLAND -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Lonnegan. in plus fours and argyles sits on a bench as other
text: members of his foursome tee off, Floyd comes up to him.
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: We just talked to Chicago. They
dialog: got one of the grifters last night.
dialog: The nigger.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: What about the other one?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
text: They're still looking for him.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN -
dialog: Who does Combs have on it?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: He gave it to Reilly and Cole.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN ©
dialog: Hackers.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: They staked out the other guy’s
dialog: Place last night, but he never
dialog: _-.. Showed, They figure maybe he
dialog: skipped town. You wanna follow
dialog: ‘em up?
text: Lonnegan regards Floyd patiently and then pats the bench
text: beside him. Floyd sits gingerly.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: nk |
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: "402062 = Rev. 1/9/73 . 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You see the guy in the red sweater
dialog: over there?
text: We cut to one of Lonnegan's feursome, a short, squat little
text: Irishman in a red sweater. He has a gocd-time, friendly
text: manner and a winning Irish smile. We like him immediately.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Name's Danny McCoy. Petunias, I QO
dialog: called him. We used to work
dialog: subway entrance to the Brooklyn
dialog: navy yards, sellin' flowers to the
dialog: sailors. Danny'd tell ‘em where -
dialog: to find a floosy, and I'd pedal ‘em
dialog: the flowers. Danny didn't know any
dialog: floozies, so he usually gave ‘em.
dialog: the address of somebody he was mad
dialog: at.
dialog: (chuckles to himself)
dialog: Yeh, Floyd, take a good look at
dialog: that face, ‘cause if he ever finds
dialog: out we can be beat by one lousy
dialog: grifter, I'll have to kill him and
dialog: every other hood who'd like to take
dialog: over my operation. You understand
dialog: what I'm sayin'?
speaker_heading: FLOYD (x
dialog: Yes sir. :
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN . (x
dialog: Good lad.
text: Lonnegan is called to the tee by one of his foursome. He
text: exchanges a friendly smile with McCoy and belts the bali down
dialog: the fairway. .
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. THE CAROUSEL AGAIN - DAY
text: Gondorff, dried off now and in a new set of ¢lothes, is pull-
text: ing up the shades of the large facing windows of the carousel
text: building. The morning light pours in, illuminating fully for
text: the first time the ornate merry-go-round and its massive oaken
text: horses, Hooker watches him go about his business. Billie
text: calls down from the mezzanine which surrounds the carousel.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: You feeling all right this morning,
dialog: Henry? .
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Fine, Billie.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 37
dialog: "#02062 = Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BILLIE :
dialog: You mind opening the round a little
dialog: early today? We got some business
text: coming in before hours.
dialog: Gondorff waves okay.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (to Hooker)
dialog: Great little countess, that Billie.
dialog: Runs a good house up there, toc.
dialog: One of the few left the syndicate
dialog: doesn't own.
text: Gondorff walks around con the carousel, checking straps, bear-
text: ings and poles. Hooker follows him. .
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (getting impatient)
dialog: Gondorff, am I gonna learn some
dialog: Big Con around here or not?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF -
dialog: (on his back, check-
dialog: ing underneath one
dialog: of the horses)
dialog: You didn't act much like you wanted
dialog: te.
speaker_heading: HOOKER -
dialog: I wanna play for Lonnegan.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: You know anything about him?
speaker_heading: R
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Yeh, he croaked Luther. What else
dialog: do I gotta know?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Plenty. Does he bet on the fights?
dialog: Is he a ladies' man? A boozer?
dialog: Does he play the market? Who does
dialog: his dirty work? Do you know any-
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: : ‘ HOOKER
dialog: He runs the numbers on the South
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ow
dialog: coy
scene_heading: nk | #02062 = Rev. 19/730 3
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF :
dialog: And a packing company, a chain of
dialog: Savings & Loans and half the poli-
text: ticians in Chicago and New York.
dialog: There ain't a fix in the world
dialog: gonna cool Him out if he blows on
dialog: -Yae
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'll take him anyway.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Why?
scene_heading: "_. + + "HOOKER
dialog: ‘Cause I don't know enough about
dialog: killin' to kill him.
dialog: It's the right answer. Gonder £¢ didn't know it himself until
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You can't do it alone, ya know.
dialog: It takes a mob a guys like you and
dialog: enough money to make ‘em look good.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: So I know plenty a guys.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: This isn't like playin' winos on
dialog: the street. You gotta do more
dialog: than outrun the guy.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (incensed)
dialog: I never played for no wines.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (going right on,
dialog: ignoring Hooker's
dialog: remark)
dialog: You gotta keep his con, even after
dialog: you spent his money. And no matter
dialog: how much you take from him, he'll
dialog: get more. ~
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You're scared cf ‘em, aren't ya?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Right down to my socks, pal. We're
dialog: talkin' about a guy who'd kill a
dialog: gzrifter over a chunk a money -that
dialog: wouldn't support him two days.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: #02062 ~ Rev. 1/9/73 ns 39
dialog: (x
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 3
speaker_heading: - : _ HOOKER
dialog: (giving up)
dialog: Then you don't wanta do it.
scene_heading: : . GONDORFF
dialog: .T just don't want you comin' back
dialog: to me halfway through and sayin'
dialog: it's not enough. ‘Cause it's all
dialog: you got.
text: Gondorff goes over to start the machinery.
speaker_heading: - HOOKER
dialog: .. Gam you get a mob together?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I don't know, this one's kinda a
dialog: risky. I doubt if I can get more
dialog: than two or three hundred guys.
text: Gondorff switches on the carousel and steps back to admire
text: his handiwork. The carousel makes a grinding sound, does a
text: few lurches, and stops cold. .
speaker_heading: cuT TO
text: Music begins and we are into a short:
speaker_heading: MONTAGE SECUENCE
text: detailing the arrival of the other three members of Gondorff's
text: “mob," Throughout, Gonderff wears the fedora hat which is his
dialog: trademark. We begin with ---
text: A tall, good-looking man, Kid Twist, making his way through
text: the railway station. Impeccably dressed and carrying a small
text: suitcase, he combs the terrain carefully with his eyes.
text: Finally he catches a glimpse of the thing he's been looking
text: for. It's Gondorff, standing by a newsstand. Gondorff makes
text: a quick snubbing motion on his nose as if flicking off a gnat.
text: This is known among con men as the “office.” Twist returns
text: the sign with a barely discernible smile as he walks on by.
dialog: Con men rarely acknowledge each other Openly in public, but
text: it's obvious that these two are glad to see each other.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. BARBER SHOP - DAY
text: Hooker in, having his hair cut and his nails manicured.
text: Gondorff gives instructions to the barber.
dialog: cur Te
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
scene_heading: | #02062 - Rev. 1/9/73 —
scene_heading: INT, HABERDASHERY - DAY
text: Hooker is modeling a new suit in front of a mirror. He
text: deesn't look too pleased, but Gonderff peels out a bankroll
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - Day
text: a pair of white spats stepping off a bus. We follow them into
dialog: a:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY
text: where we tilt up to reveal J. J. Singleten, the most flamboy-
text: ant of the bunch. On his way to -the check-in- desk, he .
text: silently exchanges the "office" with Gondorff, who is sitting
text: om a lounge reading the paper.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Hocker being shown’into a small apartment room by an old
text: woman. It consists of a bed, a table and a sink. Hooker nods
text: his acceptance to the woman and gives her a bill. He takes
text: another look around the room and decides to go out somewhere,
text: but first he wedges a small piece of paper between the door
text: and the jamb, about an inch off the floor.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. A BIG METROPOLITAN BANK - DAY
text: We hoid on a slight, bespectacled teller, Eddie Niles, in the
dialog: process of counting a large deposit. Niles is all business;
text: if he's ever smiled, no one knows about it. He glances up
text: for a second and sees Gondorff “officing" him from across the
text: bank. Without a word he shoves the money he's been counting
text: back into the hands of a startled customer, abruptly closes
text: up his window, flips his identification tag on the manager's
text: desk and walks out of the bank. :
dialog: - cuT To
scene_heading: INT. AN UPSTAIRS ROOM OF THE CAROUSEL BUILDING - NIGHT
dialog: This room has obviously been Felegated to the status of the
text: storage room. It contains the water heater, mops and brooms,
text: old bed springs, etc. In the middle of the room a space has
text: been cleared for a table, around which are seated Hooker,
text: Gondorff, Niles, Singleton and Twist. Gondorff is in his
text: Teshirt, but still wears his hat. Kid Twist is in a suit as
text: usual. The room is illuminated by a single bare bulb hanging
text: from the ceiling. .
dialog: Ameen
dialog: o~
dialog: nk
dialog: 45
dialog: "402062 -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ‘Rev. 1/9/73.
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: (referring to notes
dialog: as he reports)
dialog: Lonnegan gets most of his income
dialog: from the numbers, even though he's
dialog: been puttin' more and more money
dialog: ' into his Savings & Loan business.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You think he's movin' outa the
dialog: rackets?
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: No. He owns most of the stock,
dialog: and it's traded on the board, but
dialog: my guess is he's just trying to
dialog: build himself a resrectable image...
dialog: He came out of the Five Points
dialog: district, but he's been telling
dialog: everybody he was born in Forest
dialog: Hills. He knows the market though. -
dialog: I don't think we can take him on a
dialog: stocks deal.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: All right, Twist, what do ya got
dialog: on the numbers?
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: The tipsters say it's run out of a
dialog: packing house on l4th by a guy
dialog: named Combs. Lonnegan ccmes out
dialog: every three weeks or so to check .
text: on it, but stays away from the day-
dialog: to-day stuff, in case it's raided.
dialog: (turning to Hooker
dialog: and producing two
dialog: photographs)
dialog: These are two of Comb's favorite
dialog: torpedoes, Riley and Cola. You
dialog: ever seen ‘em? -
text: We recognize Riley and Cole as the two guys “whe got into
text: Mottola's car.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (studying the
dialog: photographs)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: Twist
dialog: They were the guys whe hit Luther.
dialog: They also got the numbers runner you
text: ‘conned. He was found in a quarry
text: with a knife in his eye.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 46
scene_heading: * poadéd Sher. iysypa CE Se a
speaker_heading: CONTINUED- + 2
text: Hooker's head comes up from the photocraphs. (3
speaker_heading: TWIST Q
dialog: (collecting his
dialog: papers)
dialog: -. + +, Donnegan's had seven or eight
text: people rubbed on his way up. His
dialog: pattern's been to get close to a
dialog: racket boss, learn his operation
dialog: and then move in on it. He's dene
dialog: it to Gorman, O'Donnell, Buchalman,
dialog: and he took the numbers for Sharkey.
dialog: All four a these guys are dead.
dialog: “He's vindictive as hell, Henry,
dialog: and he kills for pride. It doesn't
dialog: add up that he'd let Hooker get
dialog: away from him. : .
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (x
dialog: (to Hooker)
dialog: You see anything, you let us know, .
dialog: huh? If they got you on the spot,
dialog: we'll fold up the con. You'd be
dialog: too easy to find. You got that?
text: Hooker nods, but we know he hasn't really got that.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You sure it'll be one of these
dialog: two?
speaker_heading: Twist
dialog: No. They're just the only ones we
dialog: know of. :
text: Billie has finished gathering the mugs, and leaves the room
text: with them. We follow her down the hall and into the:°
scene_heading: RECEIVING ROOM OF HER BROTHEL
text: Carousel music filters up from thé arcade below. The room
text: has a bar along one wall and the rest of the space is taken
text: up by tables and couches. It's a comfortable place, but not
text: opulent. Some ef the girls sit patiently on the couches,
text: others play canasta at the tables. Most of the men are at
text: the bar, fortifying themselves for the task at hand. Billie
text: comes over to the bar.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: “nk” #02062
scene_heading: 46 CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: (to the bartender)
dialog: Set me up five more beers, will ya
dialog: Danny.
text: As Danny goes to fill the mugs, Billie's eyes fix on aman at
text: the end of the bar. We move to reveal Snyder, intently scan-
text: ning the room, as if he'd lost a dancing partner in the
text: crush. Not finding what he wants, he comes down the bar to
dialog: Billie. - :
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: You the owner here?
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: - That's right.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: (flipping out
dialog: his badge)
dialog: Lieutenant Snyder. Bunco.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Joliet badge, Snyder. Don't cut
dialog: much up here.
speaker_heading: . SNYDER
dialog: (trying to ignore
dialog: her remark)
dialog: I'm lookin' for a guy on the lam
text: from a counterfeiting Fap. Thought
dialog: he mighta come in here.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Don't think so. I know everybody
dialog: in the place and I always bounce
dialog: the lLamsters. .
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: All right if I look around your
dialog: lobby?
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: No, but you're welcome to a free
dialog: beer before you go.
text: Billie grabs a bottle of beer, pours some in a shot glass and
text: pushes it over to Snyder. He ignores the gesture.
speaker_heading: : SNYDER
dialog: (with controlled
dialog: force) .
dialog: I don't really need your permission.
dialog: We go to Billie. She knew that when he cane in.
dialog: cut To
dialog: “da g02062 “= Rev, 1/9/73 ee 4
scene_heading: 4? THE STORAGE ROOM AGAIN
text: The discussion continues. Hooker, a bit out of his depth here,
text: listens and stays silent.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: . I don't know what to do with this
dialog: guy, Henry. He doesn't drink, he
text: doesn't smoke, he doesn't chase
dialog: dames, he's a Commander in the
dialog: Knights of Columbus, and he only
dialog: goes out to play Faro. Sometimes
dialog: Plays fifteen or twenty hours at a
text: time. Just him against the house,
scene_heading: soc tp ewe ae . GONDORFF
dialog: , : Any roulette or craps?
scene_heading: : SINGLETON : .
dialog: Won't touch 'em. The croupier at
dialog: Gilman's says he never plays any-
dialog: ‘thing he can't win,
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: What about sports?
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: He likes to be seen with fighters
dialog: sometimes, but he doesn't go to the
dialog: fights or bet on ‘em,
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Jesus. Does he do anything where
dialog: he's not alone?
speaker_heading: SINGLETON .
dialog: Just poker, and he cheats at that
dialog: Pretty good at it, too.
text: A little spark of electricity goes around the table. Here's
dialog: something they can work with.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Where does he play?
speaker_heading: -- SINGLETON
text: The porters say he runs a braced
dialog: game on the Century Limited when he
dialog: comes out here from New York. One
dialog: hundred dollar minimum, straight
dialog: poker, Lotta high rollers ride that
dialog: train just to play him,
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Sounds good, J.J. He's slowing
dialog: down already.
dialog: : : cur TO
scene_heading: - 48 THE RECEIVING ROOM AGAIN
text: Snyder has completed his inspection of the "lobby" and found
text: nothing. Danny, meanwhile, has set up the five beers on a tray.
dialog: flb
dialog: 48
dialog: a
dialog: r
dialog: ,
dialog: ,
dialog: '
dialog: it
dialog: ,
dialog: '
dialog: 1,
dialog: |
dialog: I
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: _
dialog: 49
dialog: .
dialog: rn
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SNYDER -
dialog: Which way are the rooms?
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Who told ya this guy was in here?
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Nobody. I just know what kinda
dialog: women he likes. I'm gonna check
dialog: all the joyhouses till I find him.
speaker_heading: ' BILLIE
dialog: Maybe I could help ya if ya told
dialog: me his name.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: I think I'll keep that to myself,
dialog: Which way are the rooms? .. ss.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: ‘Right through there, But I wouldn't
dialog: go in there if I were you.
dialog: Snyder is
dialog: (picks up the tray)
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: (snidely)
dialog: What are ya gonna do, call the cops?
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: T don't have to. You'll be bustin’
dialog: in on the Chief of Police just up
dialog: the hall.
dialog: - (she exits with
dialog: the drinks)
text: stopped cold. He calls after her.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Keep your nose clean, lady. He
dialog: can‘t spend all his time here.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: THE STORAGE ROOM AGAIN
text: Billie comes over to Gondorff and whispers in his @ar, while
text: the others talk. His eyes flick momentarily to Hooker.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: I think we ought to play him on the
dialog: Rag. It's the tightest game we got,
dialog: and it's not all over. the papers yet.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
scene_heading: ‘pmt "#02062 - Rev. 1/8/73
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: Lonnegan's a fast egg, J.J. He's
dialog: not gonna sit still for a standard
dialog: play.
speaker_heading: NILES ~
dialog: ‘So what does that leave us? We
dialog: can't con the Rag to a banker, . ~
text: Gondorff has nodded to Billie and rejoins the conversation.
text: She serves the others beer.
dialog: f
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: We'll use the Wire. Never known a
dialog: - poker player who.wouldn't like to
dialog: beat the ponies, —
speaker_heading: _ NILES: - . :
dialog: The Wire is ten years outa date.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: That's why he won't know it,
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: I'm not sure I know it.
scene_heading: . GONDORFF :
dialog: Well, it's gonna take two of us
dialog: workin' the inside. Any objections
dialog: to Hooker as second man?
text: We go around the table. There are none.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: All right, we'll give Lonnegan the
dialog: hook on the train and play him here.
dialog: You think I can get in that pokex
dialog: game, Eddie?
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: All you gotta do is show up with
dialog: some money and look like a fool.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I also gotta win.
text: He looks at Hooker. There is a challenge in their look.
text: Gondorff smiles broadly, then Casually, to them all.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: By the way, any of you guys been
dialog: passing off green goods lately?
text: We go around the table. No reply.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: . £lb
dialog: 49
dialog: a
dialog: ,
dialog: r
dialog: I
dialog: ,
dialog: ,
dialog: |
dialog: 0 50
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: ~
dialog: 51
dialog: «
dialog: ao
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2
speaker_heading: GONDOREF |
dialog: Billie, if that Dick comes in again,
dialog: stall him till I can get a look at
dialog: him. And let me pay ya for these
dialog: beers.
speaker_heading: BILLIE :
dialog: What are you talking about? It's
text: on the house.
speaker_heading: GONDORFP
dialog: (pulling out ,
dialog: a $$ bill)
dialog: Naw, I want ya to have this.
text: He ‘hitches up Billie's skirt, and puts the bill in her garter.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF ;
dialog: Don't look at it till ya goto bed ~
dialog: though or it'll turn to paper,
text: Billie amiles and leaves the reom,
scene_heading: INT, HALLWAY
text: She walks halfway down the hall and stops. She can't wait,
text: Lifting up her skirt, she finds that the five has indeed
text: turned to paper. As she breaks into laughter and continues
dialog: on dowd the hall, we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: OMITTED *
speaker_heading: las #02062
speaker_heading: “~~ FADE IN
speaker_heading: THE HOOR
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: ‘dy #62062
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: $2. EXT, A SUNKEN ALLEY ~ DAY
text: Actually little more than a service area between two apartment
text: buildings. Niles, Kid Twist, and a middle-aged black man,
text: named Benny Garfield, enter the alley with an old man and
text: follow him down a stairwell to a subterranean basement,
text: A faded sign above the door says Stenner's Billiards.. We
dialog: follow them inside to a:
scene_heading: 52-A INT, A LARGE BARREN ROOM - DAY
text: An office comes off it at one end. Judging from the fluorescen:
text: lights overhead and the scattered cue racks which still hang
text: tenuously on the walls, the Place, indeed, used to be a pool
text: hall, Niles and Garfield go all the way to the back, while.
text: Twist stays near the front with the old man,
speaker_heading: NILES :
dialog: Looks all right. It's big enough
dialog: and off the street,
speaker_heading: GARFIELD
dialog: I don't know. This is kinda short
dialog: notice. I'm not sure we can get it
dialog: all done by Saturday,
speaker_heading: NILES .
dialog: Got to. Gondorff's ridin' the mark
dialog: in from New York on the Century.
text: ve Garfield thinks it over a little, He's taking another look
text: at the place, We go to Twist and the old man by the door.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: We'll take it,
dialog: (pointing through
dialog: the door)
dialog: You manage the building at the end
dialog: of the alley? :
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (with pride)
dialog: For fifteen years. .
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: I'll need a room over there that
dialog: faces this way. How much &@ week?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN .
dialog: Only rents by the month, Two hundred
dialog: and fifty for the two of then.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: jy
dialog: 52-A
speaker_heading: #02062 4s
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: (pulling out
dialog: his wallet)
dialog: This is the last time I expect to
dialog: see you down here,
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (watching the bilis
dialog: being counted into
dialog: his hand)
dialog: Never heard of the place.
dialog: We go back to Niles and Garfield.
speaker_heading: 7 ’ GARFIELD
dialog: Beén a while since I stocked
text: a wire store. Not many mobs play-.
dialog: ing that anymore,
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: All we need is the bookie setup
dialog: for now. We'll worry about the
dialog: telegraph office later,
speaker_heading: GARFIELD
dialog: All right, I'll rent ya everything
dialog: I got in the warehouse for two grand.
dialog: That'll give ya phones, cages, black-
dialog: boards and ticker gear. You supply
dialog: the guys to move ‘em. If you want
dialog: @ counter and bar, that's another
dialog: grand. I don't know where the hell
dialog: I'm gonna get ‘em though,
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: C'mon, you can do better than that.
dialog: We ain't no heel grifters.
speaker_heading: GARFIELD
dialog: You want the stuff tomorrow or
dialog: gon't ya? It's gonna take hours
dialog: just to clean it up,
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Besides, Gondorff's still a hot
dialog: item. Where am I gonna be if he
dialog: gets hit? .
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: Just give us what ya can, Benny,
dialog: We'll send a truck down,
text: Twist has rejoined them by now.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ay
dialog: 52-A
dialog: 53
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: #02062 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2
speaker_heading: ~ TWIST
dialog: (to Garfield)
dialog: You wanna work flat rate or
dialog: percentage?
speaker_heading: . . GARFIELD
dialog: Who's the mark?
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: Doyle Lonnegan.
speaker_heading: GARFIELD
dialog: Flat rate.
dialog: cut To
scene_heading: INT, A NEW YORK TRAIN STATION = DAY
text: We pick up Doyle Lonnegan, accompanied by two bodyguards and
text: Floyd, making his way through the station. He stops at a
text: cigar counter to buy some cigarettes, and we reveal Gondorff
text: and Hooker sitting on their suitcases on the other side of
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (eyes fixed on
dialog: Lonnegan) .
text: Guy in the blue pinstripe and
text: grey fedora.
text: Hooker looks and finally spots him in the crowd. We go back
text: to Lonnegan, as he moves off from the cigar counter, toward
text: his train. Hooker watches him with the intensity of one gaz-
text: ing on a religious object.
speaker_heading: HOOKER :
dialog: He's not as tough as he'd like
dialog: to think,
speaker_heading: : GONDORFF
dialog: {picking up
dialog: his suitcase)
dialog: Neither are we.
scene_heading: EXT, TRAIN --
text: Lonnegan and his retainers getting on the train. Two cars
text: down the line, we see Hooker and Gondorff boarding also.
text: On his way in, Gondorf£ takes the conductor aside.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: Jy
dialog: 54
dialog: 56
dialog: #02062 ; . "52
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I hear there's a friendly poker
dialog: game on this train tonight. You
dialog: know anything about that?
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: A little.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You think you could get me in
dialog: that game?
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: I don't know. There's usually a
dialog: waiting list,
text: Gondorff flashes a $50 bill.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: {loosening up a bit)
dialog: That'll- get you first alternate, sir.
text: Gondorff pulls out another fifty.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: (taking the money)
dialog: I'll see what I can do.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: INT, A BASEMENT BAR - EARLY EVENING
text: Kid Twist enters and threads his way through the maze of
text: tables to a door at the back of the building. A large bull
text: of a man is stationed there, obviously to Giscourage those
dialog: who don't have credentials to enter. Twist is not such a man.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: (going right
dialog: on through)
dialog: How ya doin’, Lacey,
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: {innocently pleased
dialog: for one so menacing)
dialog: Good to see ya again, Twist.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER ROOM - EARLY EVENING
text: Inside is another room, this one much better lit than the outer
text: one. There are only three tables in here, around which are
text: seated the elite of the Con World. Twist is enthusiastically
dialog: .
speaker_heading: . CONTINUED
dialog: pnt
dialog: 56
dialog: $7
speaker_heading: “902062 < Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: greeted by Duke Boudreau, a large, rotund man whose stylish
text: dress and authoritative manner mark him as a powerful figure
dialog: in this group.
speaker_heading: BOUDREAU
dialog: Twist! . When did you get back in
dialog: town?
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: Coupla days ago. You heard about
dialog: Coleman, didn't ya,
scene_heading: oe. BOUDREAU
dialog: Yeh, some of the boys passed the
dialog: hat for Alva and the kids. I've
dialog: never seen ‘em so worked up, They
dialog: don't like bein' gunned.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: Don't worry, we're gonna send a
dialog: little callin' card of our own.
dialog: Gondorff's settin' up a Wire Store
dialog: on the north side. I need a twenty
dialog: man boost right away.
speaker_heading: . BOUDREAU
dialog: I got plenty a talent in here to-
dialog: night. Take your pick,
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: This is a tough one, Dukey. ‘These
dialog: guys have gotta be the quill,
speaker_heading: BOUDREAU
dialog: {to one of his
dialog: assistants)
dialog: Get me the sheet, Jake. Let's see
dialog: who's in town.
speaker_heading: cuT To
text: THE OUTER PART OF THE BAR AGAIN
text: A silhouetted figure appears in the entrance doorway. The
text: word "chill" races from table to table and the Place falls
text: still, The bartender pushes a button behind the bar and a
text: buzzer goes off in the back room. Boudreau gets up from his
text: table and opens a small viewing port in the door. .
text: The silhouetted figure is now walking slowly past the silent
text: tables. It's Snyder and he's checking out every face in the
dialog: piace.
speaker_heading: BOUDREAU
dialog: Twist, you know this guy?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: “Sn
dialog: 87
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: (taking a look through
dialog: the viewing port)
dialog: No. Never saw him before. He's
dialog: a dick, though.
text: Snyder walks all the way to the back, and then retraces his
text: route. About halfway back, he stops at one of the tables,
text: recognizing a grifter he knows. It's the Eirie Kid.
speaker_heading: 7 EIRIE
dialog: Hello, Snyder. What are you doin‘
dialog: up here?
speaker_heading: SNYDER -
dialog: I'm on vacation. You seen your
dialog: friend lately?
dialog: EIRIE™
dialog: Yeh, he packed it in and enrolled
dialog: in detective school.
text: Snyder, in no mood for jokes, grabs Eirie by the hair and
text: slams his face into the table. Eirie just stays there; he .
dialog: knows it doesn't pay to assault a Getective. Twist is watch-
text: ing all this intently from the viewing port.
speaker_heading: , SNYDER
dialog: You see him, vou tell him he better G
dialog: pay up before I get him.
text: Eirie raises his head slowly, but says nothing. There is a
text: slight trickle of blood from his nose. Snyder turns and walks
text: Slowly out of the bar. When he is a Safe distance down the
text: street, the chatter and drinking resume.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: THE INSIDE ROOM AGAIN
text: Twist gives an all clear signal and returns to the table where
text: he and Boudreau were talking. Boudreau reads from a list of
text: names. Twist listens with a certain Prececupation. He's
text: still thinking about the little confrontation he just witnesse:
speaker_heading: BOUDREAU
dialog: Horse Face Lee, Slim iiller, G
dialog: Suitcase Murphy, and the Big
dialog: Alabama are in from New Orleans.
text: Crying Jonesy and the Boone Kid from
dialog: Denver, and Gloomy Gus and Limehouse
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: “ jm
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: S9-A
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: #02062"
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BOUDREAU (Cont'd)
dialog: Chappie from New York. ‘Those and
dialog: the guys outside should give ya 30
dialog: or so to choose from.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: Good, have ‘em down at Stenner's
dialog: Old Pool Hall before 3:00. We're
dialog: gonna run through the route tonight.
speaker_heading: - BOUDREAU
dialog: Okay, Twist, but you know if this
dialog: blows up, I can't do ya no good
text: downtown. Gondorff is Federal.
dialog: a TwIst |
dialog: Don't worry about it, pal.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO
scene_heading: EXT, SPEEDING PASSENGER TRAIN - NIGET
text: ripping through an open stretch between New York and Chicago.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - NIGHT <*
text: Singleton is walking down a passageway and stops at a door
dialog: and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S COMPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Gondorff is rapidly shuffling cards to four empty places. He
text: is alone. He looks up as Singleton enters.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: You in? .
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Yeh, I think so. I gave the kay-
dialog: ducer a Cenote. You find out the
dialog: deck?
speaker_heading: ‘ SINGLETON -
dialog: He usually plays with a Royal or
dialog: a Cadenza.
dialog: (handing him two
dialog: : . Sealed decks)
dialog: T got you one of each. He likes
dialog: to cold deck low, 8's or 9's,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: fa
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: “gozee2 So 5
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Nice work, J.J.
text: Singleton slips out as Gondorff unpeels the packs.
scene_heading: INT. THE TRAIN - NIGHT
text: ‘We pick up Lonnegan coming out of his compartment, flanked by
text: only one bodyguard and Floyd. They start walking single file (>
text: through the passenger section toward the compartment where _
text: the poker game will be held. Suddenly a drunken woman comes
text: staggering around the corner and bumps into him.
text: They. grapple a moment and Lonnegan pushes her away in disgust.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (sloppy drunk) : : :
dialog: Keep your mitts off me, ya big lug,
dialog: If I'da wanted you handlin' me I
dialog: woulda asked ya.
text: Lonnegan ignores her.and proceeds down the passageway. As
text: the woman proceeds in the other direction between passengers,
text: we see it is Billie. She drops something on a seat beside a
text: passenger. A hand reaches to pick it up. It is Lonnegan's
text: wallet and it is Hooker who picks it up. —
text: Hooker waits a moment, then stands and goes in the direction
text: Lonnegan has taken. He passes by the open door to the card
text: room, hesitating only slightly to hear the greetings exchanged
text: inside before the door is shut. Then he continues on into the
text: next car, He turns into Gondorff's compartment.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S COMPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Gondorff is still practicing. He looks up as Hooker enters
text: and tosses him the wallet.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: She got him clean. He hasn't
dialog: missed it.
text: Gendorff nods, takes the money out, -counts it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: wan cy five zene: Looks lixe he's (x
dialog: exp: éting a big night.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
scene_heading: -- #02062 = Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: He takes out his own wallet and puts the money in it, and
text: tosses the empty wallet back to Hooker, and resumes his shuf-
text: fling and dealing. Hocker sits back silently and watches him
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: He's waitin' for you in the card
dialog: room. .
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Let him wait.
text: As he deals, on the second pass he attempts to cut from the
text: bottom, muffs it completely and sprays half the deck on the
text: table. Hooker regards him steadily as he gathers them back
text: up. Gondorff finally meets his gaze. oo
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You just worry about your end, kid.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: If we ever get to it.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: INT. THE POKER ROOM - NIGHT
text: A specially outfitted compartment with a table and chairs in
text: the middle and leather cushions around the outside for kibit-
text: zers. Lonnegan and 3 other players are already there and
text: seated. They're getting slightly impatient. .
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (to the conductor)
dialog: You sure you checked this guy out?
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: (neds)
dialog: He seemed pleasant enough and had
dialog: a lotta money on him. And quite
dialog: free with it, I might add. two
dialog: hundred dollar suit, expensive
dialog: baggage. I'll vouch for him.
speaker_heading: cuT To
scene_heading: GONDORFF‘S CABIN AGAIN
text: Gondorff is standing in front of the mirror @ressing. He grat
text: up a clean white shirt and rumples it up in his hands. He the
text: picks up a half-full bottle of gin. Hooker gives him a dis-
text: approving look. Gondorff smiles and pats some on his face.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Always drink gin with a mark, kid.
dialog: They can't tell when you cut it.
text: He pours part of the bottle down the sink and starts filling
dialog: it with water.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
dialog: dee .
dialog: 65
dialog: “902062 ~
dialog: wn
scene_heading: THE POKER ROOM AGAIN
dialog: ; “Everybody 's itchy now.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: All right, let's start without him.
dialog: Mr. Clemens, give me the cards.
text: The Conductor hands him a sealed deck. As he begins to open
text: it, Gondorf£ comes into the room, coatless, rumpled, unshaven
text: and looking slightly tipsy. The others at the table, all men
text: of high social or financial standing, are somewhat put off.
speaker_heading: * GONDORFF
dialog: Sorry I'm late boys. I was takin'
dialog: -a@ crap. soos :
text: This bit of grossness does little to improve his image.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (
dialog: (sticking out his .
dialog: hand to no one in
dialog: particular)
dialog: Shaw's the name. Any ‘a you boys
dialog: wanna make a little book in Chicago,
dialog: I'm the guy to see.
text: There are no takers for either the handshake or the book- ¢
dialog: making offer.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR {
dialog: (stepping in to
dialog: save the situation)
text: Mr. Shaw is a bookmaker from Chicago.
dialog: Mr. Shaw, meét Mr. Clayton from
dialog: Pittsburgh, Mr. Jameson, Chicago,
dialog: Mr. Lonnegan, New York, and
dialog: Mr. Lombard, Philadelphia.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF {
dialog: Glad to meecha.
dialog: {taking an empty
dialog: chair)
dialog: Guess this is my seat, huh?
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR (
dialog: Straight poker. 100 dollar mini-
dialog: mum, table stakes. Since this is
dialog: a gentleman's game, we assume
dialog: you're all good for your debts.
dialog: How much would you like, Mr. Shaw?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ‘dee ,
dialog: o~ 65
dialog: 66
dialog: o~
dialog: 67
dialog: a
dialog: *
dialog: “
speaker_heading: XN
dialog: yo2062)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GONDORFF i
dialog: Five thousand to start with.
text: The Conductor makes a note of the figure on a pad, and begins (
dialog: to assemble the proper number of chips.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (shuffling the cards)
dialog: Mr. Shaw, we usually require a tie
dialog: at this table. If you don't have
dialog: one, we can get ya one.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Yeh, that'd be real nice of ya, Mr.
dialog: -Lonnemans =~ : ot
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (coldly) - : an en
dialog: Lonnegan. . :
text: He begins to deal. (
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: EXT. THE SUNKEN ALLEY - NIGHT
text: A truck is now parked at the end of the alley, and several
text: workmen are busy unloading it. One group carries a large
text: blackboard; others have boxes’ of glasses, ash tray stands,
dialog: furniture, etc. Take several cuts.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ONCE-VACANT POOL HALL
text: Now a blaze of activity. We take several cuts of workmen
text: papéring the walls, tacking down carpet, putting in new light
text: fixtures, painting signs, all under the supervision of Niles.
dialog: From now on, we will refer to the pool hall as the store.
text: Back in the office, Kid Twist is "interviewing" one by one,
text: a group of con men lined up outside the office door. A gray-
text: haired old buzzard, Curly Jackson, approaches the table which
text: is serving Twist as a desk, Curly is practically in rags and
text: has several days growth on his face. He wears a little beret
text: which he takes off to address Twist.
speaker_heading: CURLY
dialog: Name's Curly Jackson. I worked for
dialog: Gad Bryan outa Baltimore.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: You ever played the Wire, Curly?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: dee
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CURLY
dialog: * Used to rope for it long ago. I
dialog: ean shill, mark board, anything you
dialog: want. I don't run with riffraff and
dialog: I only drink on weekends.
dialog: ‘ (affecting an
dialog: . English accent)
dialog: Me specialty is an Englishman.
text: Twist is taken with the man, despite his appearance.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: All right, Curly, you're in. We
text: got a rack of suits over there.
dialog: ' Get yourself a nice tweed one.
speaker_heading: CURLY
speaker_heading: (exiting) mS
dialog: That's all right. I got all my own
dialog: stuff.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: THE CARD GAME AGAIN
text: Gondorff and Lonnegan have most of the chips. Lonnegan is
text: slightly ahead. Gondorff has made a token attempt to wear the
text: provided tie, having tied it in a knot around his neck, but —
text: not having bothered to put it under his collar. He has a
text: shot glass and the bottle next to him, from which he has been
text: drinking heavily. He and Lonnegan are the only ones left in
dialog: s hand.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (throwing chips in)
dialog: Raise 500.
speaker_heading: GONDORFP
dialog: (likewise)
dialog: See ya and raise three,
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (more chips)
dialog: See and raise five.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF--
dialog: Five and call.
text: Lonnegan lays down his hand, a solid two pair. Gondorff turns
text: out three tens. Lonnegan is beat.
speaker_heading: , CONTINUED
dialog: dee
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Tough luck, Lonnihan, but that's
dialog: what you get for playin' with your
dialog: head up your ass. Couple more like .
dialog: that and we can all go to bed early,
dialog: huh boys.
text: Gondorff reaches for his gin bottle, but Lonnegan's hand is
text: already there, on it.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: {like ice}
dialog: The name is Lonnegen. Doyle
dialog: Lonnegan .
dialog: re
dialog: You're gonna remember that, or you
dialog: gonna find yourself another game.
text: Gondorff hesitates, then withdraws his
text: hand from the bottle.
text: He knows he's pushing it. Lonnegan takes the bottle from
text: him and hands it to Floyd, who drops it in a wastecan. -
scene_heading: INT. THE STORE ~ NIGET
dialog: The work is still progressing, We see
dialog: cut To
dialog: two workmen installing
text: a ticker tape machine in a secluded area of the store.
speaker_heading: GARFIELD
dialog: We bought ya a tap into Moe Anenberg's
dialog: wire. He's got eyes at every track
dialog: in the country. You'll get race
dialog: results, odds, scratches, pole posi-
dialog: tions, everything; and just as fast
dialog: as Western Union gets ‘em.
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: Does J.J. know how to use this thing?
speaker_heading: GARFIELD
dialog: All he's gotta do is read.
text: We go to Kid Twist, still conducting interviews in the office.
text: A young, rather sullen man, Buck Duff,
speaker_heading: DUFF
text: steps to the table.
dialog: Buck Duff. I was in Maxwell's
dialog: boost in Troy.
speaker_heading: Twist
dialog: You the Duff that didn't come up
dialog: with his end when Little Jeff was
dialog: sent up?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 4
dialog: dee
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DUFF
dialog: Wasn't no problem a mine.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: He was a con man, wasn't he?
speaker_heading: DUFF
dialog: He was a tear-off rat.
dialog: “he deserved.
dialog: bills.
dialog: He got what
dialog: No sense helpin' pay his
speaker_heading: Twist
dialog: (like ice)
dialog: Shove off, Duff.
text: Duff stands there a second and then slouches away from the
text: table. He stops however, by the door. The next man up is
text: the Eirie Kid. Twist knows he's seen him somewhere before.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: (nervous as hell)
dialog: Name's Joe Eirie.
text: Twist waits for more, but it's not coming.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: You played for any particular mobs?
speaker_heading: EIRIE :
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: You know the Wire at all?
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: No...I never played no Big Con before.
dialog: But Luther Coleman was a friend a :
dialog: mine. I thought maybe there was
dialog: something I could do.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: (pointing to Eirie's
dialog: slightly swollen nose)
dialog: You get that nose in Duke Boudreau's
dialog: tonight? :
text: Eirie nods a reluctant “yes."
speaker_heading: TWIST :
dialog: You got moxie, Eirae. Get yourself
dialog: a suit.
text: Eirie is so happy, he can barely blurt out a thank you. Buck
text: Duff, enraged that Twist would hire a total amateur, turns in
text: disgust and strides vengefully out of the store.
dialog: cut To
dialog: dee _ |
dialog: 70
dialog: #02062.
scene_heading: THE CARD GAME AGAIN
text: The room is dense with smoke now, and the players are feeling
text: the heat. Gondorff has his white shirt open, revealing a
text: stained T-shirt underneath, The bottle next to him is almost
text: empty. He sneezes and wipes his nose with the tie Lonnegan
text: gave him. The chips are now about equally divided between
text: Gondorff and Lonnegan. The others are losing badly.
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: Raise 300.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Pass.
speaker_heading: JAMESON
dialog: {throwing in his
dialog: last few chips)
dialog: Raise 200. .
speaker_heading: : GONDORFF
dialog: Two and call.
text: Jameson lays down two pair. Gondorff has a flush. Gondorff
text: rakes in the chips, which now put him ahead of Lonnegan.
speaker_heading: JAMESON
dialog: Well I'm out.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Don't worry about it pal. They
dialog: wouldn't a let you in here if you
dialog: weren't a chump. Lombard over
dialog: there'll join ya in a couple minutes.
speaker_heading: JAMESON
dialog: Now see here....
speaker_heading: LOMBARD
dialog: I've had enough of this game, and
dialog: more than enough of the company.
dialog: (getting up to leave)
dialog: Cash me in, Mr. Clemens,
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: {indicating Lennegan
dialog: and Clayton)
dialog: Looks like it's just us three, huh?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (eyes drilled into
speaker_heading: Gondorff£)
dialog: Yeh, just us three.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: .,, ae -
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: T0"A
dialog: . #02062 -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN (Cont'd)
dialog: (calmly getting to
dialog: his feet)
dialog: Why don't we take.a five minute
text: break, Mr. Clayton. Tempers are
dialog: running a little high. :
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Aw c'mon, Lonnegan. I was just
dialog: startin' to do good.
text: Lonnegan, who is already halfway out the Goor, ignores it,
text: Floyd follows him out.
speaker_heading: coT To
scene_heading: INT. SMOKING ROOM °
text: We pick up Lonnegan coming down the passageway to enter the
text: smoking room. The smile has vanished. :
speaker_heading: .. LONNEGAN
dialog: Stack me a cooler, Floyd.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: {trying to settle
dialog: him down)
dialog: C'mon, Doyle, we'll be in the
dialog: station in a half hour. So you
dialog: split with him, You still make a
dialog: nice hunk on the other guys.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: {an order}
dialog: Load me a deck. Set it up for
dialog: threes and nines. I'll cut it in
dialog: on his deal,
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: (taking a deck
dialog: and beginning
dialog: to sort it)
dialog: What do ya want Clayton to get?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Nothin'. He's gotta be outa there
dialog: . @arly. I'm gonna bust that bookie
dialog: bastard in one play,
dialog: cur To
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: ~ #02062 * FoR es
scene_heading: INT. THE POKER ROOM AGAIN - NIGET
text: A pair of hands shuffling. We pull back to reveal thac
text: they're GondorfZ's, He passes the deck to Lonnegan to cut,
text: Lonnegan takes the deck and in one lightning motion substitute
text: anew deck, while making it look like he's cutting the old
dialog: one, The conductor has finished collecting from Jameson and
text: Lombard, who remain. Gondorff picks up the deck and begins
text: to deal, As the hand is picked up, we see that Gondorff has
dialog: four threes, Lonnegan four nines, and everybody else has
dialog: ’ nothing. , .
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (opening the bidding)
dialog: Fold, .
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: 250. .
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Raise 1,000.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Raise 500.
text: Gondorff looks at Lonnegan very carefully for a second.
text: Lonnegan meets his stare.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Raise 2,000.
text: The spectators shift a little. It's the biggest bet of the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: See and raise 1,000,
speaker_heading: GONDOREF
dialog: (taking it to him)
dialog: Raise 5,000,
text: Lonnegan fingers his remaining chips. He knows he's won,
text: but he wants to bleed it for every bit of suspense.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (going for broke)
dialog: See, and raise the rest.
text: Lonnegan pushes in the rest of his chips. Gondorff, who is
text: only required to match Lonnegan's total, throws in all his
dialog: too, It’s a showdown.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ‘ tr..
dialog: 71
dialog: #02062... | pote ph -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: call.
text: Lonnegan puts down his four nines. Gondorff just stares at
text: them a second, lets out a deep sigh and lays down four jacks,
text: Lonnegan is aghast, This just can’t be, He glances ac
text: Floyd, who can do nothing but sit there with his mouth open,
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: {raking in the chips)
dialog: Well that’s all for me tonight, boys,
dialog: I'm gonna leave ya some cab fare.
text: The others players leok at each other in aisgust. Gondorfz OG
text: starts collecting from the bank. Lonnegan sits in a state of
dialog: lethal’ indécision, .
dialog: :
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: {to Lonnegan)
dialog: You owe me 15 grand, pal.
text: Lonnegan, with a stare that could kill, finally xeaches for AX
text: his wallet. Suddenly the stare goes soft. He tries a few
text: more pockets. No soap, Gondorff finishes collecting from
dialog: the others.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (getting up to get it)
dialog: I guess I left it in my room,
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (blowing up)
dialog: Whati Don’t give me that crap you
dialog: little weenie. How do I know you
dialog: ain*t gonna take a powder.
text: (waving his wallet,
dialog: which is full of
dialog: Lennegan's money}
dialog: You come to a game like this,
dialog: you bring your money.
text: Lonnegan, having had all he can take, goes for Gondorff, but
dialog: is restrained by the conducter, -
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: All right. buddy, I'm gonna.send a (x
dialog: boy by your room in five minutes,
dialog: and you better have that money or
dialog: it*s gonna be all over Chicago thac
dialog: your name ain't worth a dime. and you
dialog: won't be able to get in a game of jacks
dialog: in this town.
text: Gondorff stalks out of the room. We Pick ham up coming down
text: the passageway to his compartment.
speaker_heading: T1l-A
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: #02062 - Rev. 1/10/73
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S COMPARTMENT
text: The drunkenness has vanished. We follow him into his cabin,
text: where Hooker is waiting anxiously.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How'd ya do?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (modestly)
dialog: Well we got some workin' money
dialog: anyway.
text: Gondorff tosses his winnings on the table. He smiles, but
text: for the first time his hands are shaking.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Okay, kid, you're on, But I gotta
dialog: tell ya, it's a hard act to follow.
dialog: cut to
scene_heading: INT. LONNEGAN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Lonnegan sits in a chair smoking, eyeing Floyd coldly. Floyd
text: paces in front of him.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Doyle, I know I give him four threes!
dialog: He had to switch decks. We can't
dialog: let him get away with that.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: What was I supposed to do? Call
dialog: him for cheating better than me in
dialog: front of the others?
text: There's a knock at the door. Floyd goes and opens it. It's
dialog: Hooker.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: My name's foley. Mr. Shaw sent me.
text: Floyd motions him in without a word. ‘
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN a
dialog: Your boss is quite a card player,
dialog: Foley. How dees he do it? :
speaker_heading: / HOOKER
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: He cheats.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: gk
dialog: 72
dialog: "402062 = Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Lonnegan looks Hooker over a second. He doesn't like smart
dialog: asses.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Then I'll just keep my money and
dialog: we'll have another game.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You don't have any to keep.
dialog: {pulling out
dialog: Lonnegan's wallet
dialog: and tossing it
dialog: on the table)
dialog: He hired a dame to take it from ya.
text: Lonnegan just stares at the wallet. Then he looks up at’
dialog: Hooker.
speaker_heading: HOOKER -
dialog: Shaw's been planning to beat your .
text: game for months. He was just waiting
dialog: for you to cheat him so he could
dialog: clip ya.
text: Lonnegan leaps at Hooker in a blind rage, drives a sledge
text: hammer blow into his stomach. Then grabs him by the throat.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Who do you think you're talkin' to,
dialog: errand boy. Nobody sets me up.
dialog: (letting go of
dialog: Eooker who slips
text: to the floor,
dialog: turns to Floyd)
dialog: Take him back te the baggage room
dialog: and put one in his ear. We'll get
text: his friend later and dump ‘em both,
dialog: the first tunnel we hit.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Aw, for Christ sake, there were
dialog: four witnesses at that table....
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (viciously)
dialog: You wanna get dumped too?
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: Doyle, we're gonna be in the station
dialog: in a minute!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: “ak
dialog: 72
scene_heading: 902062 - Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (on the floor,
dialog: barely able to
dialog: speak)
dialog: It's not gonna look too good, killin'
dialog: a guy you owe money to. There's
dialog: better ways to take him down.
speaker_heading: : LONNEGAN
dialog: Shut up. Nothin's gonna save your
dialog: ass. :
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Shaw'd kill me too, if he knew I
dialog: was tellin’ ya this.
speaker_heading: _ LONNEGAN.
dialog: (a long pause).
dialog: Okay, why the rat?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'm gonna take over his operation,
dialog: Lonnegan.
dialog: (p ause)
dialog: I need you to help me break hin.
text: Lonnegan is stopped for a second. He looks at Hooker long
text: and hard, as if the intensity of his gaze could separate
text: truth from fiction. Finally he reaches for the wallet and
text: opens it. It's empty.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Where's the money?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Shaw has it. I couldn't very well
dialog: take it back from hin.
text: There is a silence -- broken suddenly by the noise of the
text: train braking into the station.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: C'mon, I'm giving you a lift home.
text: Hooker hesitates.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I gotta go with Shaw,
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You'll explain it somehow.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: But he's expecting....
scene_heading: CONTINUED.
dialog: 
scene_heading: sk #02062 - Rev. 1/9/73
scene_heading: 72 CONTINUED - 3 .
speaker_heading: - : LONNEGAN
dialog: I'm giving you a lift.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Sure thing.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Let's go then.
dialog: ’ cur To
scene_heading: 73 INT. LONNEGAN'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Driving through the city, the driver and Floyd in front,
text: Hooker and Lonnegan in back. We begin with a twelve block
text: silence, while Lonnegan thinks. Hooker glances out the
dialog: window from time to time, just.to make sure they're really
text: going to his place.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: What makes you think you can beat
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I been plannin' this for two years.
dialog: I know his organization backwards
dialog: and forwards. But I need somebody
dialog: respectable...and not completely
dialog: legit. What I'm gonna do isn't
dialog: very legal.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (insulted:
dialog: I'm a banker, friend. That's legit —
dialog: in this state.
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: All you gotta do is put down a bet
dialog: for me at Shaw's place. I'11 supply
dialog: all the money and the information.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: What about the money you came to
dialog: collect. Isn't he gonna miss it?
speaker_heading: HOOKER .
dialog: T'1l tell him you paid it. I keep
dialog: all his books. He trusts me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: If ya help me out, I'll pay ya back
dialog: the twenty-five grand he stole outa
dialog: my own pocket.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
scene_heading: #02062 - Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: : LONNEGAN
dialog: It's worth that much to ya?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Maybe a couple million.
text: We go to Lonnegan. That last phrase has registered. He looks
text: at Hooker with a glint of amused recognition in his eye.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Where you from, Foley?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I was born in Five Points on the
dialog: east side, but I moved out fast.
speaker_heading: _. LONNEGAN
dialog: (chuckling}
dialog: Out and up, eh? Hey, Floyd, I'm
dialog: gonna have to keep this guy away
dialog: from you. You're liable to get
dialog: ideas and throw me out on my can.
text: Lonnegan breaks into deep bellows of laughter. Floyd is
text: totally humiliated. He glares at Hooker with contempt.
text: Hooker flashes him a little smile. :
scene_heading: EXT. HOOKER'S PLACE
text: The car pulls up in front of Hooker's place. Lonnegan is
text: still laughing.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (getting out)
dialog: Klein's Drug Store, 660 Marshall at
dialog: 12:30, if you're interested.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: If I'm not there by quarter of, I'm
dialog: not coming.
text: Hooker nods and walks up the streer to his apartment building. ¢
text: Lonnegan's car speeds away from the curb and his renewed
text: laughter dies in the distance. Hocker breathes a sigh of
text: relief. He's passed his first test -- or has he? We follow
text: him up the stairs to his room.
scene_heading: INT. HOOKER'S APARTMENT
text: He's just about to unlock the door, when he notices the little
text: piece of paper he left in the door 1s on the floor.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: XV
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: 02062 < Revs 179/739 ag
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Without the slightest hesitation, Hooker leaps over the ban-
text: nister and races back down the stairs. Two gunmen, Riley and
text: Cole, burst out of his room and fire at him over the railing,
text: but he's already too far down. Riley and Cole give chase.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
text: THE FRONT OF THE BUILDING
text: Riley and Cole barrel out of the building and onto the side-
text: walk. There is an empty bus stopped at a light, but they find
text: no sign of Hooker. As the light changes, we cut to the other
text: side of the bus, where we see Hooker crouched on the rear
text: wheel housing, hanging on to a vent. He's a little shaken,
text: but most of all, he's still alive. We hold on him, as the
text: bus moves off.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (v.0.)
dialog: Everything go all right?
speaker_heading: HOOKER {v.0.)
dialog: (lying)
dialog: Yeh, it was easy.
scene_heading: INT. THE STORE - NIGHT
text: Hooker and Gondorff are sitting alone in the back office
text: while the work goes on outside. Their conversation continues.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 17
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: ak
speaker_heading: #020620” 4
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: No signs of trouble?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What doya mean?
speaker_heading: : : GONDORFF
dialog: You know, somebody tailin' ya. A
dialog: torpedo or somethin’.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (wanting to get
dialog: off the subject)
dialog: No, not a thing.
text: Gondorff has his doubts, but lets them ride. .
dialog: : oe cur TO
scene_heading: OTHER PARTS OF THE STORE
dialog: We concentrate on some of the fine details, i.e. Garfield
text: explaining how the ticker will read out to Singleton and
text: Billie; Curly Jackson showing a younger con man how to mark
dialog: the odds board properly.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (v.0.)
dialog: Bow ‘bout Lonnegan?
speaker_heading: HOOKER (v.0.)
dialog: I gave him the breakdown just like
dialog: ya told me to.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (v.0.)
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: HOOKER (v.0.)
dialog: He threatened to kill ma.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (v.0.)
dialog: Hell, they don't do that and you
dialog: know you're net gettin' through
dialog: to ‘en.
scene_heading: CONTINUING: BUT WITH CAMERA CHANGE
dialog: We concentrate on Niles, HOOKER (v.o0.)
dialog: who's making up the "boodles* Then he drove me home. He
text: or fake bankrolls. He puts tried to put himself away
dialog: a real $100 bill on the as legit, so I went right
text: bottom, then two inches of into the pitch.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 79
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: cut green paper on top, ané
dialog: then another $100 bill on
dialog: top of that, so that it
dialog: locks like he has a whole
dialog: stack of $100 bills. The
text: bundle is then bound with
dialog: a sealed label, like those
dialog: used in banks, that says
dialog: $10,000. We see that he
dialog: has already made several
dialog: of these bundles.
scene_heading: INT. STORE
text: Twist in the middle of the
dialog: room giving a route to the
text: Eirle kid. He shows him
dialog: where to get his drink at
dialog: the bar, where to sit and
dialog: finally how to leap up
dialog: and throw his racing form
text: down in disgust.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (v.0.)
dialog: Did he hold you up on any-
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: HOOKER (v.0.)
dialog: Naw, he just sat there and
dialog: listened. I don't know if
dialog: he bought it or net.
dialog: y
speaker_heading: cur TO
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (v.0.)
dialog: That's all right. Once they
dialog: start listening, they're in
dialog: trouble. Just don't give hi
dialog: more than he asks for. If
dialog: you rattle his imagination a
dialog: little, he'll come up with
dialog: all the right answers himsel
dialog: But all he's gotta do is
dialog: catch you in one lie and
dialog: you're dead.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
text: HOOKER AND GONDORFF IN THE STORE OFFICE AGAIN
text: They both look tired.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You think he'll show?
speaker_heading: ‘GONDORFF
dialog: Did he say he wouldn't?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (softly)
dialog: He'll show.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: ¢
speaker_heading: sn
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: FADE IN
speaker_heading: THE TALE
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: rk
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: WE OPEN ON A WIDE SHOT OF THE ALLEY OUTSIDE THE STORE
text: At first it appears to be deserted, but we move to reveal a
text: figure in an upper window of the apartment building which
text: forms one side of the alley. It's Kid Twist. His eyes roam
dialog: the street, for what, we do not yet know.
dialog: curt TO
scene_heading: INT. AN OLD DRUGSTORE ACROSS FROM THE ALLEY = DAY
text: Probably prosperous at one time, it has since declined, its
text: large fountain and eating area now host to two bums and Hooker,
text: who sits alone in a rear booth near the telephone. Dressed
text: in a tuxedo, he nurses a cup of coffee, and anxiously alter-
text: nates his glances between the clock and the empty. street out-
dialog: side, It's 12:52.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. THE STORE - DAY
dialog: The place is full cf people, although we avoid long shot so
dialog: as not to give away the room as a whole yet. Instead, we
text: concentrate on the tense, waiting faces of some of the more
dialog: familiar people:
text: Gondorff and Niles in tuxedos behind a barred cashier's area.
text: Gondorff mutilates a piece of gum in his mouth. Niles just
text: stares out into space cracking his knuckles.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Eddie, cut that out, will ya.
text: The boardmarker walking nervously back and forth in front of
text: his odds board, checking every letter and number. He stops
text: to cross a T on one of the horses' names. It was already
text: crossed, but he does it again anyway.
text: Billie and Singleton, in an area hidden from the rest of the
text: room, watching the print-out on the ticker machine. The
text: clicking of the ticker is the only sound we hear in the store.
text: Curly Jackson in front of a mirror, pasting a fake Van Dyke
text: on his chin to go with his tweed suit and monocle.
text: A couple of Billie's girls adjusting their waitress outfits
text: and primping their hair. Each has a tray full of drinks be-
dialog: 8 er.
text: The Eirie Kid silently retracing his "route" to make sure he
dialog: has it down.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: rk
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: #02062 . OT
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Despite the crowd, there is no talking and little movement,
text: save for the constant swirling of smoke from several cigars
text: and cigarettes. The group is like a theatre company waiting
dialog: to go on opening night.
dialog: curt 70
scene_heading: THE DRUGSTORE AGAIN
text: It's 12:56 and Hooker is worried. He looks up to see two large
text: men, obviously racket goons, come in the front door, and take
text: a seat facing him in the next booth. They stare at him im-
text: passively, waving the waitress away when she comes to take
text: their order. Hooker knows they're Lonnegan's men, but is
text: somewhat unsettled by the fact that Tonnegan is not with them.
text: Suddenly, a voice. Se
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Carver?
text: Hooker turns around to find that Lonnegan is seated in the
text: booth directly behind him. His bodyguard is in the one behind
dialog: at.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN °
dialog: You should always look to the back
dialog: too, kid.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (sliding out of his
dialog: booth and into
dialog: Lonnegan's)
dialog: I was afraid you weren't gonna come.
dialog: We haven't got much time,
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: {eurtly)
dialog: Get on with it then.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: {pointing to telephone)
dialog: Sometime after 1:00 a guy's gonna
dialog: call here and give you the name of
text: a horse.
dialog: “(pulling out a ~- --
dialog: wad of bills)
dialog: All you do is take this two grand
text: across the street to Shaw's place
dialog: and bet it on that pony. ‘There's
dialog: nothin’ to it, but don't take too
dialog: much time, We only have 3 or 4
dialog: minutes after you get the call.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: .
dialog: rk
dialog: 8s
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 87"A
speaker_heading: 87-B
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02062 So 7
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You're not gonna break him with a
dialog: $2,000 bet.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: This is just a test. The big one
dialog: comes later. Be careful with that
dialog: though, it’s all I got.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: And you were gonna pay me back?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I an after this race.
dialog: Lonnegan says nothing, He's not sure he likes a man who's
text: stupid enough to bet his last dollar on a horse race.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I gotta get back before Shaw misses
dialog: me. Good luck.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Hooker hustles out across the street and into the alley.
scene_heading: INT. DRUGSTORE
text: Lonnegan watches him through the window and then settles back
text: in his seat to wait for the phone.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE STORE
text: As Hooker descends the stairwell into the store, he gives Kid
text: Twist the office. Twist turns away from the window and looks
text: at his watch. 12:58.
speaker_heading: - CUT TO
speaker_heading: DRUGSTORE
text: Lonnegan waiting by the phone, idly pinging a knife on the salt
text: shaker. It's 1:40. A man enters the store and walks over to
dialog: use the phone.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: We're waitin’ for a call.
text: The man looks at Lonnegan a second, and then at his four goons.
dialog: He decides maybe he'll make the call later. :
speaker_heading: cut TO
dialog: rk
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: #02062 7
speaker_heading: INT, STORE
text: Kid Twist again. Billie enters the room with a piece of paper.
text: Kid Twist looks at it a second and then picks up the phone
text: and begins to dial.
scene_heading: INT. DRUGSTORE
text: Lonnegan again, He's getting impatient now and lights a cig-
text: arette, and then the phone rings. He answers it quickly and
dialog: we hear:
speaker_heading: Twist
text: Bluenote at 6 to 1 on the nose.
text: The receiver clicks down at the other end, Lonnegan hangs up
text: and goes out the door, followed by his entourage. - : :
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: We follow him across the street and into the alley, where he
text: signals one of the bodyguards to check the place out. Kid
text: Twist pushes a button on his window sill, and a buzzer goes off
text: inside the store. The previously inert figures there spring
dialog: to life.
text: Lonnegan's bodyguard descends the stairwell and knocks at the
text: door, where he is greeted by Hooker in the capacity of host.
text: He looks the place over and motions an okay to Lonnegan,
scene_heading: INT. STORE
text: As Lonnegan enters. we see the room for the first time in its
text: entirety. Overnight it has been transformed into a swank
text: private club, with bar, cigarette girls, upholstered furniture
dialog: and chandeliers. :
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: Look at that. He's got four apes
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: That'w what I like about these guys,
dialog: J.J...They always got protection
dialog: against things we'd never do to ‘em.
text: Everywhere there is activity. A bank of telephones buzzes in-
text: cessantly. Sheet writers scurry from phone to phone, taking
text: bets of tremendous size from prominent people.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: “pmé #02062
scene_heading: oo 91 CONTINUED - 4
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: ) Coming down the stretch, it's
dialog: Dancing Cloud by one length, War
text: Eagle and Bluenote are neck and
dialog: neck by two. Now it's Dancing
text: Cloud, Bluenote and War Eagle.
dialog: (shouting now)
dialog: Dancing Cloud and Bluenote head
dialog: : to head....-
text: | , The place is going crazy. Even Singleton is standing up to
text: ’ get the necessary excitement in his voice.
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: Dancing Cloud, Bluenote. Dancing
dialog: Cloud, Bluencte. It's Bluenote by
dialog: : a nose. Dancing Cloud is second --
dialog: by two, War Eagle third by three
dialog: and a half. Time for a mile and
dialog: 1/8, 2:01 and 6/10 seconds.
text: Most of the patrons collapse into their chairs like spent
text: lovers. Eirie slams his racing form to the floor. Nobody had
dialog: Bluencte.
speaker_heading: -~ CURLY
dialog: (tearing up his
dialog: . ticket)
dialog: Bloody awful. Who in blazes is
dialog: Bluencte?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (to Eirie, ve
dialog: self-satisfied)
dialog: War Eagle's where you want to have
dialog: your money, huh?
text: Eirie doesn't ‘Teply. He can't believe Bluenote won. Lonnegan
text: looks to Hooker. Hooker gives him a wink. For the first
text: time, Lonnegan permits a smile.
dialog: ' CUT TO
scene_heading: 91-A LONNEGAN AT THE CASHIER'S WINDOW
dialog: Niles is counting out $26,000 to him ‘ala of which Gondorff
text: won the night before) . Gondorff looks somewhat perturbed.
text: Lonnegan picks up the money and tauntingly waves it at hia.
speaker_heading: GONDO:
speaker_heading: wn REF
dialog: (getting his name
dialog: right this time)
dialog: . Don't bother to come back with a
dialog: ~ . piker's bet like that again, Lonnegan.
dialog: We got a $5,000 minimum here.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 91-A
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (Cont'd)
dialog: (to Hooker)
dialog: Show this bum out.
text: Hooker hesitates a second.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Go on, ya goddam ninny.
text: Gondorff gives Hooker a hara shove in the back with his foot,
text: sending him into a table and Sprawling to the floor,
speaker_heading: - GONDORFF
dialog: (indicatin Lonnegan's
dialog: : bedyguarda)
dialog: And tell him not to bring his gar-
dialog: bage men in here no more. This ig
dialog: a-class joint, oo ,
text: Hooker, pretending to be humiliated, gets to his feet and
text: escorts Lonnegan to the door. Lonnegan stops, gives Gondorts
text: a derisive smile, and walks out. Once he's gone, the general
text: clatter and hubbub in the room cease, like it had been turned
text: off by a faucet, Most of the boost sit down and relax, Curly
text: Jackson rips off his Van Dyke. It's been itching him.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: He's gaffed, kid. He should start
dialog: coming to you now.
dialog: Cur To"
scene_heading: INT. COMB'S OFFICE AT THE CLEARINGHOUSE ~ DAY
text: Combs sits passively on the edge of his desk glancing across
text: the room every now and then at Riley, who is slumped uneasily
text: in a folding chair, looking like a defendant at the Inquisi-~
text: tion. Both remain silent, like two men ina waiting room.
text: Suddenly, what they've been waiting for arrives, Lonnegan
text: comes into the office, flanked by his bodyguards, Skipping
text: the usual pleasantries, he walks right over to Riley.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN °
dialog: All right, Riley. What the hell
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: (net looking at him)
dialog: We missed him.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You weren't hired to miss him,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: omm
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: : RILEY
dialog: There wasn't any way he coulda
dialog: known we was in there. We made a
dialog: clean pick on the lock and didn't
text: leave no footprints in the hall.
dialog: Somebody musta wised him up.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Yeh, and what does Cole say about
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: RILEY
dialog: I don't know. He took it hard.
speaker_heading: . LONNEGAN
dialog: All right, get outa here. You're
dialog: outta work.
text: Riley gets up and drags himself out the door like a whipped doc
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: We'll put Salino on it. I needa
dialog: somebody careful,
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: Salino? Why waste our best people
dialog: on a small-time job like this? rt
dialog: ain't no heavy gee we're after. The
dialog: guy's a five and dime grifter.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Then why isn't he dead? ¢
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: They didn't think he'd be so cagey,
dialog: that's all. They'11 get him next
dialog: time. : :
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Use Salino. It'll take a little
dialog: longer, but there won't be any holes
dialog: in it.
dialog: Combs gives up. The second time's the charm.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN ”
dialog: And tell Cole I wanta see him when
text: he gets in.
speaker_heading: COMBS
dialog: He's not comin’ in. Not to get
dialog: bounced off a job anyway.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: jy
dialog: $2
dialog: 93
scene_heading: #02062 « Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 2
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: He had his chance and all he dia
text: was shoot up a rooming house. Made
dialog: a lotta noise and woke up a few
dialog: cops, but didn't hit nothin',
text: Combs keeps his mouth shut. There's no way to talk to
dialog: Lonnegan when he's like this,
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (cooling a little)
dialog: This is Salino’s job now, Vince,
dialog: Tf Cole wants to muscle in on it,
dialog: that's his business, But he's
dialog: «co . Breakin' the rules’ and‘Salino's
dialog: not gonna like it.
dialog: » CUT-To
scene_heading: INT, LONNEGAN'S HOTEL ~ pay
dialog: The finest the period had to offer. We pick up Hooker coming
text: through the lobby, As he starts up the stairs we:
speaker_heading: cuT To
text: Ployd in Lonnegants hotel room, He hangs up a phone he's
dialog: Been talking on.
speaker_heading: FLOYD
dialog: (to Lonnegan}
text: He's on his way,
text: Hooker knocks at the door and is admitted by a bedyguard.
text: Lonnegan, wearing a silk bathrobe, is seated at a table
text: counting a pile of money. There are two other assistants
text: behind him, They don't look friendly. .
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Well, what did I tell ya?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You got lucky once. That's not
dialog: enough,
speaker_heading: HOOKER -
dialog: Lucky, hell. I could do it every
dialog: day,
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Why don't ya then?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: “dy
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: "po2062 = Rev, 1797/73
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: ‘Cause it's better to do it all
dialog: at once,
dialog: (leaning close)
dialog: We're puttin’ down 400 grand next
dialog: week. At five to one we make two
dialog: million, Twenty percent of that is
dialog: yours if ya stick with us.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You got a system, Foley? :
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: No. You can still lose with a
dialog: “system, . -
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You're past-posting, aren't ya?
speaker_heading: EOOKER
dialog: Could be.
speaker_heading: -. LONNEGAN
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You gonna stay in?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Net until I get some answers.
speaker_heading: ECOKER
dialog: (outflanked)
dialog: We got a partner downtown runs the
dialog: central office of the Western Union.
dialog: Race results from all over the country
dialog: come in there and go right across
text: his desk on their way to the bookies,
text: All he does is hold them up a couple
dialog: minutes until he can call us and get
dialog: @ bet down on the winner. Then he
dialog: releases the results to the bookies
dialog: and we clean up on a race that's
dialog: already been run. It can't miss,
dialog: unless the Western Union Dicks get
text: onto it.
text: Lonnegan sits back a second, then comes forward again and
text: pushes a pile of bills over to Hooker. Hooker smiles and
dialog: begins to
dialog: count the money.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: yy 7° go2063 = Revi 19773
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 /
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You got the 400 grand yet?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Not yet, but.,.
dialog: (stopping suddenly)
dialog: _ Hey, there's only a grand here.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: We're gonna place another bet tomorrow.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (getting angry) :
dialog: What is this? That's my money.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You owe me twenty-five grand,
dialog: Besides, if your setup's as good
dialog: as you say, you'll get even more.
text: Hooker's in a jam and he knows it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I gotta talk to my partner first,
dialog: We can't afford to expose our game
dialog: too much,
speaker_heading: « LONNEGAN
dialog: Good. I'll talk to ham too,
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: No,
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (paternally, but
text: still a threat) .
dialog: You been waitin’ a long time for
dialog: this, Foley. Don't ruin it for
dialog: yourself,
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: We'll pick you up tomorrow at three.
text: Hooker says nothing for @ minute. Floyd comes over and present
text: him with his hat and opens the door. Hooker walks out.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. AN INDOOR TELEPHONE BOOTH ~ DAY
dialog: one of the old, wooden kind =~ accordion doors with glass
text: panes in the upper half. Hooker dials rapidly.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: #02062 ~ Rév.,1/11/73 -
dialog: 
scene_heading: 95 INT. AN INDOOR TELEPHONE BOOTH - DAY
dialog: one of the old, wooden kind -= accordion doors with glass C
text: -» + |, panes in the upper half. Hooker dials rapidly.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: : *- but
dialog: ‘ He wants to see
text: “ty. partner tomorrow at 3:00.
dialog: Hell, we'll never get a telegraph
dialog: store setup by then. Any chance
dialog: aid, falking BAR, Bis Oe 3th ses
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: None. I woulda stalled him, but I |
dialog: didn't have many friends in the room.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: vanes
dialog: Sprang hea et ote
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: All right, we'll have to play him
dialog: on the fly. I'11 get Eddie lookin'
dialog: _ for a place. .
speaker_heading: Le - + HOOKER :
dialog: Let me know when ya get somethin’.
dialog: 
dialog: Sure thing, Tootsie.
text: Hooker blows a mock kiss through the phone and hangs up. He
text: turns to leave the booth, when suddenly he sees something that
text: stops him cold. There looking through the glass is the smirk-
text: ing face of Detective Snyder. Hooker is immobilized.
text: Snyder puts his hand inside his coat and slowly draws out his
text: gun. He points it right at Hooker's face and then violently
text: smashes.all the glass in the upper half of the door with the
text: barrel. Fragments of glass spray into the booth, a couple of
text: which imbed themselves in Hooker's cheek. :
text: ‘Hooker quickly whips open the door, trapping Snyder's hand in@
text: the accordion and jarring loose his gun. Hooker sprints out
text: of the booth as Snyder scrambles for his pistol and gives
dialog: pursuit. : .
scene_heading: 96 EXT. ALLEYS AND SIDE STREETS - DAY - THE TWO MEN
text: We follow the two men up alleys and side streets as they race
text: through the dregs of the city, two Ppancing shadows moving
text: through places that only get light at night. The wind blows
text: drops of blood off Hooker's cheek as he runs. Snyder scill
text: . . has his gun, but would rather inflict pain than death,
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: S7-A
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: #02062
scene_heading: CONDEMNED BUILDING
text: Hooker makes for a condemned building and scrambles up the
text: stairs, steps giving way under him as he goes.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING
text: On the fourth floor, he ducks into a room and quickly locks
dialog: the door,
text: We pan the room to reveal that the whole back side of the
text: building is gone. Hooker runs toward the ledge and leaps
text: through the air, landing on the fire escape of an adjacent
text: building, some 15 feet away. He kicks in a window and goes.
text: _ Off down the hall. We cut back to:
text: Snyder furiously kicking in the locked oor. He finally
text: crashes through, only to find an empty room and a beautiful
text: pancrama of the city and its nearest Hooverville.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - HOOKER
text: winding his way through the slum area of town, dashing along
text: back streets, over fences and through vacant lots, making good
text: his escape. From cur angle, he looks like a rat in a maze.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF (v.0.)
dialog: Why didn't you tell me about Snyder
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: . HOOKER (v.0.)
dialog: I thought I'd lost him,
dialog: . cur TO
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S ROOM AT THE CAROUSEL BUILDING - pay
text: Hooker sits sullenly at the table. Billie stands over him
text: putting some ointment on his face to Close the cuts. Gondorff
text: looks on. Their discussion continues. :
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Well you found him again and we're
dialog: gonna have to do somethin' about
dialog: it. What else haven't ya been
dialog: tellin' me?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Nothin'. I told ya everything
dialog: there is. .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: c
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Then why'd ya move outa your room?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: It was too noisy.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You can't play your friends like
dialog: marks, Hooker.
text: Hooker doesn't reply. He knows Gondorff's on to hin.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You know how easy it'd be for one
dialog: of Lonnegan's guys to nail you?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: All we need is a couple days, Henry.
dialog: A couple days and we'll get Lonnegan
text: down and stomp on ‘em.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You just won't learn, will ya.
dialog: Hell, you come in here, I teach
dialog: you stuff maybe five guys in this
dialog: world know, stuff most grifters
dialog: couldn't do even if they knew it,
dialog: and all you wanna do is run down a
dialog: bullet.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're just like all them new jerks.
dialog: Lotsa nerve and no brains. And
dialog: ten years from now when me and the
dialog: others are through and you dumb
dialog: guys are all dead there won't be
dialog: one gee left who knows the Big Con
dialog: was anything more than a way to
dialog: make a’ livix',
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
dialog: A couple days; that's ati I'm
dialog: askin', I can stay clear that long.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (trying to be angry
dialog: and failing) +
dialog: Christ, they'll Probably miss you
dialog: and hit me.
speaker_heading: FADE ouT
dialog: r
dialog: vila
dialog: #02062": -
speaker_heading: FADE IN
speaker_heading: THE WIRE
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: wn
dialog: - la...
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. A SLEEZY DINER - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Located across the street from Hooker's apartment building,
text: Hooker sits alone in a booth, with a plate of ham and eggs
text: he's hardly touched.
text: The- two cuts on his face have pretty much stopped bleeding.
text: A big fan above the counter area drones away lethargically,
text: it's air stream insufficient to either cool the place or
text: drive out the smell of onions and grease.
text: A waitress, Loretta, emerges from the kitchen and ambles slowly
text: over to Hooker's table, Slim and raven-haired, she manifests
text: an indifference bred from years spent delivering things to
dialog: “" people who are rarely grateful for what she brings. Only a
text: light scar on her left cheek hints at another side.
speaker_heading: LORETTA ©
dialog: -You dene? .
speaker_heading: HOOKER :
dialog: Yeh, I guess I shoulda had the meat
dialog: loaf.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: It isn't any better.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Where's June today?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (figuring up the bill)
dialog: She don't work here no more. I'm
dialog: fillin' in for a couple days...
dialog: till I can get a train outa here.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Where you goin'?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (putting the check down
dialog: and walking away)
dialog: I don't know. Depends what train
dialog: I get on,
text: Hooker looks for some sign that she's putting him on. He
text: doesn't get it. He takes out some money, drops it on the
text: table and walks out.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
dialog: r
dialog: sk :
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
scene_heading: $02062 - Rev.°1/9/73 *
scene_heading: EXT. A WESTERN UNION OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A truck with the words CLAYTON BROS., CUSTOM PAINTING AND
text: DECORATING stenciled on the side, is parked out front. two
text: men, wearing overalls and painter's caps, walk into the office
text: carrying paint buckets, brushes and tarpaulins. When they get
text: to the reception counter, we see that they are Twist and
dialog: Singleton. .
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: (to the receptionist)
dialog: Excuse me, We're here to paint Mr.
dialog: ' Harmon's office.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Vee ote lS eteag -.: (obviously not
dialog: expecting them;
dialog: ‘Mz. Harmon's off:ce? Hold on just
dialog: €@ second. uo . 7
text: She goes to get Mr. Harmon.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE SLEEZY DINER - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Hooker is standing on the curb outside the diner, obviously
text: waiting for somebody. Lonnegan's car pulls up and Hooker
text: hops’ in the back.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN -
dialog: What happened to your face? . ‘
speaker_heading: . HOOKER
text: Had a lictle fight with a raggle . (
dialog: down on 13th. She got me with her
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN .
dialog: Oughta lay off the skirts, You : (
dialog: won't find any of my boys moonin'
dialog: around that kinda trash.
text: Hooker looks at Floyd, who stares Goggedly ahead. (
speaker_heading: CcuT TO
scene_heading: INT. THE WESTERN UNION OFFICE AGAIN - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mr. Harmon is looking over the authorization papers that
text: Twist and Singleton have given him. He can't find anything
dialog: wrong with it. .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 103
dialog: ¢
dialog: sk
dialog: “" 402062 = Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HARMON
dialog: Brigham signed it all right. I
dialog: can't understand why he didn't
dialog: tell me.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON :
dialog: Ah, he's like all them super-
dialog: visors. They think they're
dialog: too good for regular people.
dialog: He says he was in here a while
dialog: ago and the place was a mess.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: C
dialog: la
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: #02062 te Ee
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Harmon looks around, hoping it's not true.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: We'll try and hurry so we don't keep
dialog: you out of your office too long.
speaker_heading: oo : HARMON
dialog: Why can't I work with you in there?
speaker_heading: SINGLETON ,
dialog: Look pal, we gotta cover the floor,
dialog: the furniture, everything, so we
dialog: don't spill on nothing. Now if you
dialog: ..,wanta sit in there with a tarp over
dialog: your head, you're welcome to it.
scene_heading: : . HARMON .
dialog: All right, how long will you be? .
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: Hour or two at the most. We do /
dialog: good work.
text: Harmon is resigned. Twist and Singleton pick up their gear and
text: march into the office. Once inside, we notice that the office
text: has an exit door which opens to an outside alley. Twist
text: immediately removes his overalls, revealing the suit and tie
text: he's wearing underneath. He takes out a picture of himself,
text: a woman and three small children, and puts it on Harmon's
text: desk, replacing a smiliar picture of Harmon's family.
text: Singleton, meanwhile, has spread a few tarps and begins to
dialog: paint the walls,
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: EXT. THE WESTERN UNION OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Lonnegan's car pulls up and’ stops across the street.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: We'll go to the side door.
text: We follow Hooker and Lonnegan across the street to the side
dialog: entrance which opens into:
scene_heading: INT. HARMON'S OFFICE
text: Hooker knocks and Twist, of course, answers,
speaker_heading: BOOKER
dialog: tes, I got lr. Lonnegan with me.
dialog: He wants to see you a second.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: “yy
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
scene_heading: “"$o2062 - Rev. 1/9/73”
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: What the hell's the matter with
dialog: you. We coulda met at a club or
dialog: somethin’,
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I thought it might be good for him
dialog: _ to see the setup,
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: (hushed) - :
dialog: Well we can’t talk in here. They're
text: having the place painted.
text: twist walks over to the intercon on his desk. He leaves the
text: door open so that Lonnegan can get a good look at the office,
dialog: Twist's picture in it, the painter, ~ etc,» -Lonnegan's not - :
text: missing any of it.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: (talking into
dialog: the intercom)
dialog: Miss Barnes, I'm going home a little
dialog: early today. Tell anyone that calls
dialog: that they can reach me here in the
dialog: morning. Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OFFICE
text: Harmon's secretary at the other end of the intercom,
text: Mr. Harmon is with her. They lock at each other a second
text: and Harmon decides he better see what's happening in his
text: office. He opens the door to find it empty except for a
text: pile of painting equipment and one haphazardly painted wall.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: Int. A HOTEL BAR = EVENING
text: Hooker, Lonnegan and Twist sit at one of the more secluded
text: tables, They are not eating.
speaker_heading: 7. TWIST 2
dialog: Can't do it. There‘re telegraph
text: inspectors all over the place.
speaker_heading: LOUNEGAN
dialog: I want t2 se# :t sone more time
speaker_heading: ‘CONTINUED
dialog: c
dialog: dee
dialog: 107
scene_heading: #02062 ~ Rev, 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: I got 400 grand comin' in from the
dialog: coast next week. I'm not gonna
dialog: blow it for a measly 14 Gees. No
dialog: sir, I say when we place our bets.
speaker_heading: LONNECAI
dialog: Hot if you want me to leep makin’
dialog: "en for ya.
dialog: Twist hesitates,
speaker_heading: LOULULCAL
dialog: If it works aqain tomerrow, I'n
dialog: gonna finance the whele tLind. Nalf
dialog: a million dollars uerti:. We sarlit
dialog: 60-40,
speaker_heading: MIST:
dialog: What doya mean? We already got a
dialog: guy. He's liquidating everything
dialog: he has for this. And still givin’
dialog: us half.
speaker_heading: LONNECAN
dialog: With 20 per cent off the top for me,
dialog: Either way you only get 40.
speaker_heading: Twist
dialog: What am I supposed to say to him?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN .
dialog: Tell him to drop dead. With what I
dialog: know about your operation vou
dialog: should be worryin' about keepin’ me
dialog: happy.
speaker_heading: . TuIST
dialog: (almost pleading
dialog: now)
dialog: But we can't keep goin' into Shaw's
dialog: Place and cleanin’ up on longshots., :
dialog: He's bound to get wise.
speaker_heading: LOUNEGAN
dialog: (getting up to
dialog: leave)
dialog: Then we'll go for slort odds this
dialog: time. You'll just have to give me
dialog: all three places instead. See va
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CONTINGID
dialog: rome
dialog: ‘dée
dialog: 107
dialog: "#02062 = Rev. 1/9/73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED = 2
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: {feebly)
dialog: Yeh, see ya tomorrow.
text: On his way out, Lonnegan gives Hooker a little nod, as if to
dialog: say "That's the way ya gotta handle 'em." ‘Twist and Hooker
text: delay a few seconds and then get up to leave.
text: We frame the shot with a coffee cup large in the foreground.
text: As they go to the door, a black-gloved hand with four fingers
text: enters the frame and puts a nickel down next to the cup.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: #02062 °°
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: THRE SHUT+oOUT
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: ry)
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: "#02062
dialog: wn
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. A DOWNTOWW! DINETTE - MORNING
text: Snyder finishes a donut and a cup of coffee, puts down a dime
text: for the lot and exits. We follow him down the street:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: to a corner newsstand, where he stops to buy a morning paper.
text: As he peruses it, he's approached by two large, clean-cut men
text: in white skimmers.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Are you Lieutenant William Snyder?
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: I don't know, what's up?
speaker_heading: MAN .
dialog: F.B.I...Special Agant Poik'd like C
dialog: a few words with ya. Ya got a
dialog: couple minutes?
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: (completely floored) .
dialog: Yeh, sure.
text: The two men show him to a waiting car.
scene_heading: INT. AN ABANDONED WAREHOUSE = DAY
text: Snyder stands in the middle of a dusty old machine room, sur-
text: rounded by four or five Federal Agents. Visible around the
text: room are several folding cots and portable lockers. The
text: “ agents have obviously been quartered here temporarily. They
text: all wear white skimmers, save for one, a portly man, Spacial {3
text: Agent Polk, who paces the room smoking. There is something
text: long-suffering about him, as if he wondered how he ever got
dialog: in a service that thought white skimmers were classy.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: What is this? I got work to do.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: Sit down and shut up, will ya. Try
dialog: not to live up to all my expecta-
dialog: tions.
dialog: {not ‘in the mood
dialog: to screw around)
dialog: We were told you know a hustle
dialog: artist named Johnny Hooker.
speaker_heading: ” CONTINUED
dialog: “nk 0 «#02062 ue ne , 99
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED
text: Snyder doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: Do ya know him or don't ya?
speaker_heading: : SNYDER
dialog: Yeh, but I don't know where he is.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: Well we do. He's chummin' around
dialog: with a Big C named Henry Gondorff.
dialog: Ring any bells?
speaker_heading: . . . SNYDER
dialog: Sure. Every bunco man in the
dialog: country knows Gondorfé.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: There's word he's gonna run a con
dialog: on the North Side here. We got a
text: year-old Florida warrant on him,
dialog: but it's a thin beef, and he can
dialog: beat it in court unless we catch
dialog: him cold, All we want you to do
dialog: is pick up Hooker for us.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Why don't you pick him up yourself?
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: Cause the stoolies are used to
dialog: street dicks jumpin’ him. If word
dialog: gets around that Feds are in on it
dialog: too, Gondorff'll fold up the whole
dialog: thing. .
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Wouldn't that be too bad. You'd
dialog: hafta move outa this nice office ya
dialog: got.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: Don't crack wise to me, flatfoot.
dialog: I spent a lotta time in dumps like
text: this, eatin’ Gondorff's dust while
dialog: the bunco squad gets rich tippin'
dialog: him off. But it's not gonna happen
dialog: this time. We're not even gonna
dialog: let the police know we're here.
dialog: If you keep your mouth shut and do
dialog: a job, there'll be some reward tricks (
dialog: in it-for ya. And you better take.
dialog: it, cause I can make ya work for us
dialog: without it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: r)
speaker_heading: nk #02062
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED = 2
speaker_heading: . SNYDER
dialog: What the hell good is Hooker to ya?
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: He's gonna set up Gondorff for us.
speaker_heading: SYNDER
dialog: He'll never do it.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: (self-satisfied)
dialog: I think he will.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: 111 INT. THE DRUGSTORE - DAY
text: Lonnegan sits by the phone, watching the clock and sipping a
text: cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: 112 0sOINT. THE STORE - DAY™
text: Specifically, the small room from which Singleton does his
text: race broadcasts. Singleton, himself, is hunched over the
text: ticker machine, reading the print-out. Billie sits at the
text: microphone table with a pencil and pad, ready to write.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
text: Visitation is still up by two at
dialog: the three-quarters. Single Action
dialog: second, Fasanella third.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: What's the line on Visitation?
speaker_heading: . SINGLETON
dialog: (checking further
dialog: + wp on the print-
dialog: out sheet)
dialog: 7 to 2. That ain't bad.
speaker_heading: . BILLIE
dialog: He'll probably fall down.
text: Gondorff appears at the doorway.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: How ya doin'?
speaker_heading: ‘CONTINUED
dialog: wy
dialog: 
dialog: sk "902062 -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: o~ 112 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: : . SINGLETON
dialog: - (eyes still glued
dialog: to the ticker)
dialog: Nothin' yet. I got a good one on
text: “the lead at Hialeah, but he's fadin'.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: : Best we had was Cat's Eye in the
dialog: : second at Del Mar, and he was only
dialog: seven-to-two. Not many longshots
dialog: , comin' in today.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: We don't want big odds on this one,
dialog: J.J. ‘Take anything at five-to-two
dialog: or under. And nothin' over four-to-
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: | Okay. Here we go.
dialog: . (excited)
dialog: Billie. You ready?
text: Billie prepares to write on her pad.
speaker_heading: , “ : BILLIE
dialog: . Yeh, go ahead.
speaker_heading: ° SINGLETON
dialog: | . At the finish, it's Single Action by
dialog: ‘ two, Fasanella second, Visitation
dialog: third.
dialog: (reading up the
dialog: sheet again)
text: Line on Single Action...five-to-one.
dialog: Hell with it, that's no good.
text: Billie crumples up the piece of paper she's been writing on an¢
text: chucks it in a wastecan. Gondorff leaves the room, as {
text: Singleton turns back to his vigil at the ticker.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: (a little weary)
dialog: Okay, the Fairfield Stakes at Santa
dialog: Anita. Mile and a quarter for 3
dialog: year olds and up.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cut TO
dialog: Se
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 11s”
speaker_heading: #0206200—CO co . 4
scene_heading: THE FLOOR AREA OF THE STORE
text: Everyone is in his place as before. Today, hewever, Curly
text: Jackson is playing the part of the aging sport.
text: Well scrubbed and clean shaven, he cuts a dashing figure in
text: his blue blazer and white parits. We go'to Gondorff in tHe ~~
text: Cashier's cage. He's talking to Niles, who's busy handing out
text: fake bankrolls to members of the boost.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: He's gonna hit va with 20 grand,
dialog: Eddie. How much cash we got?
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: Not enough to cover a bet that big.
speaker_heading: : GONDORFF
dialog: Get a couple extra guys in the line,
dialog: .then. We'll give him the shut-out.
text: Niles nods.
dialog: : cur To
scene_heading: INT. THE DRUGSTORE ~ DAY .
text: Lonnegan is still waiting. He takes the 20 grand out of his
text: coat Pocket and thumbs through it, just to make sure it's
dialog: all there.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT, THE STORE - DAY
text: Singleton and Billie at the ticker again. Billie looks a
text: little sleepy. Singleton is obviously involved with the
text: Progress of a race.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: Okay, Billie, here we go.
text: Billie snaps to and prepares to write as Singleton reads.
speaker_heading: SINGLETON
dialog: At the wire it's Wrecking Crew the
dialog: winner by five, Grand Theft second,
dialog: Wingless third, ‘
dialog: (zeading up) .
dialog: Wrecking Crew was...three-to-one.
dialog: (ripping the sheet
dialog: out of the ticker)
dialog: That's our boy.
dialog: 
text: Billie and Singleton hustle out of the room.
dialog: ac
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 11e
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: #02062 — . l
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY
text: We follow Billie through the store and across the alley to
text: the building from which Twist keeps his lookout.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO
scene_heading: INT. STORE
text: Gondorff, holding the ticker sheet Singleton has given him,
text: emerges from the office and starts giving instructions to
dialog: the boost. -
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: All right, Furey, your horse is
dialog: Wingless. Paltrow, the Big
dialog: Alabama and Phillips'll take Grand
dialog: Theft. Rodgers and Eitie have
dialog: Wrecking Crew. Jackson -- His |
dialog: Dandy, Cowan -- Change of Heart,
dialog: Fiskin and Chappie -- Made to Order.
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: the Eirie: Kid)
dialog: Eirie, he gets a bang outa seein'
dialog: you lose, so we oughta use that
dialog: on ‘em. If you play the birds of
dialog: a feather routine we worked on, it
dialog: should steam him up pretty good.
dialog: You think you can handie that?
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: (a little nervous)
dialog: _ Yeh, sure.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: O.K., you guys in line take your
dialog: time, and I wanta see lotsa joy
dialog: on Wrecking Crew.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: INT. TWIST'S ROOM - DAY
text: Billie enters and gives Twist the piece of Paper she wrote the
text: race results on. He picks up the phone and starts to dial.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: INT. DRUGSTORE - DAY
text: The phone rings and Lonnegan. answers it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ac
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: #02062 “oh
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Wrecking Crew at 4-1, Grand Theft
dialog: to place, Made to Order to show.
text: Lonnegan smiles and hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: INT. STORE - DAY
text: Lonnegan's in line at the betting window. There are four
text: people in front of him this time, and they are moving rather
text: slowly. The “Last Flash" call is heard on the speakers.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (getting impatient)
dialog: C'mon, let's hurry up there. —
text: The man at the head of the line turns around and gives Lonnegan
text: a chilling look, as if he were beneath contempt. He puts
text: down $25,000 on Grand Theft. The next man in line plunges
text: down $30,000 on Wrecking Crew. .
text: Just as Lonnegan is about to step to the window, Gondorff
text: gives a quick signal to Singleton. The speakers come on.
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, this is Arnold
dialog: Rowe, your caller for the $100,000
dialog: Fairfield Stakes at Hollywood Park
dialog: in Los Angeles. A mile and 3/8 for
dialog: . three year olds and up. And they're
dialog: off!
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (counting out
dialog: his money)
dialog: Twanty-thousand on... ° . a
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. We can't take bet:
text: after the race is started. .
text: He points to a sign above the window, which says exactly that.
text: Lonnegan grabs up his money in disgust.
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: Don't take it so hard, pal. You
dialog: probably woulda lost. it.
text: . Lonnegan wanders over to the bar in a funk.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ac
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: And around the first turn it's
text: Wrecking Crew by a half length,
dialog: Grand Theft second by one, His
text: Dandy is third by one half, followed
dialog: by Change of Heart,’ Back Flip,
dialog: Made to Order and High Ground.
text: The assembled patrons ‘are once again thoroughly involved in
text: the race. Eirie comes up to Lonnegan at the bar.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: Whe you got?
speaker_heading: . LONNEGAN
dialog: (half-heartedly)
dialog: I'm sitting this one out.
speaker_heading: EIRIE :
dialog: I've got wrecking crew. Maybe ..
dialog: it'll be my day. = -
text: Lennegan nods and wanders away.
text: Hooker comes over to him.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: I didn't get the bet down in time.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT: STORE OFFICE
text: Gondorff and Niles, back in the office.
dialog: (looking aut at
dialog: the floor)
text: Looks like he's sulking.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF .
dialog: If we're lucky, this'll bring him
dialog: back stronger than ever. .
dialog: cur To
speaker_heading: ae #02062
speaker_heading: 122 THE FLOOR
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: Coming for home, it's Wrecking Crew
dialog: by six lengths, Made to Order is
dialog: second by two and a half, High
text: Ground is third by a length and
text: Grand Theft is coming fast on the
dialog: vail. It's Wrecking Crew, Made
dialog: to Order and Grand Theft. Wrecking
text: Crew wins it by five lengths,
text: Grand Theft is second by a nose,
text: Made to Order is third by two.
dialog: Time for one and 3/8 mile, 2:11
dialog: and 4/10 seconds.
text: , Eirie explodes in a joyous frenzy. He grabs Lonnegan by the
text: shoulders and shakes hin.
speaker_heading: EIRIE
dialog: _ ZT wont: I won! :You hear that!
dialog: I won 15,000! ,:Yau hear that!
text: 'Yeh, Lonnegan heard that. Lonnegan shakes loose, grabs his
text: coat and heads for the door.
scene_heading: 123° «EXT, ALLEY - DAY
text: He finds Hooker waiting for him outside.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: Tell your friend I'll have the
dialog: money here by post-time tomorrow.
dialog: We'll take the first race where
dialog: the ‘odds are 4-1 or better. And
dialog: make sure I can get to that window
dialog: this time.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How am I gonna do that?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (coarsely)
dialog: I don't know, figure something out.
text: Lonnegan storms across the street to his waiting car and
text: drives off. Hooker relaxes into a smile. He's already
dialog: figured something out.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: 124 INT. SLEEZY DINER ACROSS FROM HOOKER‘S APT. BLDG. - EVENING
text: Hooker sits at the counter finishing a plate of meat loaf.
text: Loretta is down at the cash register, leaning on the counter,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ac
dialog: 124
dialog: 124-A
speaker_heading: 424-3
speaker_heading: #02062 I
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: looking idly out into space. Hooker glances over at her
dialog: every once in a while to see if she might be interested in
text: striking up a little conversation. She's not. He finishes
text: his meal and comes down to thé register to pay his bill.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
text: Meat loaf, apple pie and a cup of
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: . (ringing it up)
dialog: Sixty-five. :
text: Hooker gives her a dollar. She goes to the register for change
scene_heading: : HOOKER . : :
dialog: What time you get off work here?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
text: 2:00 A.M.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You doin' anything tonight?
speaker_heading: : LORETTA
dialog: {handing him
dialog: his change)
dialog: Yeh, sleepin’.
dialog: Hooker figures that's enough of that. He pockets his change
text: and starts out the door, when suddenly he stops short.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Across the street in a doorway is the silhouette of a man.
text: It's Cole. He's pretending not to look at the diner, but
text: Hooker isn't fooled.
scene_heading: INT. DINER -—,.
text: He goes back to Loretta at the register.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You got a back door to this place?
speaker_heading: . LORETTA
dialog: No. What's wrong with the front?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ac
speaker_heading: #02062 : i
speaker_heading: 124-B CONTINUED
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (urgently now)
dialog: Look, I don't have time to-mess (
dialog: around. There's somebody out there
dialog: I don't need to see. You got a
dialog: fire escape or anything?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: All right, do me a favor. Go into
text: the bathroom, open the window and
dialog: wait for me there.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What the hell for?
dialog: HOOKER. . ,
dialog: Just do what I tell ya and every-
dialog: ~ thing'll be jake.
text: Cracks of concern begin to appear in Loretta's marble.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What does this guy want?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: He'd like to kill me.
text: Loretta just looks at him a second. Realizing that this is
text: no joke, she turns and walks slowly but steadily to the bath-
text: room. Hooker waits until she's out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Hooker goes to the front door and steps cutside. Cole looks
text: up at the sound of the door. Hooker makes a big show of
text: spotting him, and runs back into the diner. Cole, his cover
text: blown, draws his gun and races across the street in pursuit.
dialog: Arriving just in time to see ---
scene_heading: INT. DINER
text: Hooker go into the bathroom, he charges in after him, only
text: to find the place empty. He goes quickly from stall to stall,
text: on the chance that Hooker might be hiding in one of them.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Toa
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: "902062,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: He comes to one that's closed, and seeing a pair of woman's
text: legs under the door, rejects that, and moves on to the next on
text: We cut inside the stall to reveal Loretta sitting on the
text: toilet with her skirt hiked up. Right behind her, crouched
text: on the back of the seat, is Hooker. .
text: Cole has finished his rapid inspection now, and having found
text: nothing, looks around for Hooker's probable escape route. He
text: sees the open window and climbs out to find himself in a
text: small air shaft, from which he knows Hooker could not escape.
text: Hooker,. seizing the time, bursts out of the stall and runs
text: back out through the diner. Cole sees him, but too late to
text: ‘get off a shot. He climbs back in the window and gives chase.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: We pick up Hooker barreling down the street with Cole a hundre
text: yards or so behind. Hooker makes a sharp cut into an alley,
text: and we see immediately that it's a hopeless dead end. Inex-
text: ‘plicably, he makes no attempt to run back out.
text: Cole draws up and cuts into the alley, anticipating the kill
text: which should be easy now. He prepares to sight down his victir
text: when suddenly he realizes there is no victim in sight. Hooker,
text: miraculously, has vanished. Cole scans the alley frantically
text: for some trace of him. There are no windows or doors at the
text: street level. Not even a drain pipe. Just brick wall. It's
text: impossible. Hooker has disappeared into thin air.
text: Cole slams his gun into his shoulder holster with a curse,
text: and starts back out of the alley, when all of a sudden he
text: stops in utter terror. His mouth drops open and he chokes out
dialog: the -words:
speaker_heading: . COLE
dialog: Salino, hey look. I didn't mean to
dialog: move in on...»
text: Before anything else can come out, two bullets rip into his
text: chest. He falls to the concrete, coming to rest on a manhole
text: cover, which we notice is slightly ajar. We;
speaker_heading: cur TO
speaker_heading: THE SEWER PIPES
text: beneath the manhole. We see Hooker making his way through
text: the slop, having gained another reprieve, but unaware that
text: with two down, there is still one to go.
speaker_heading: cut TO
dialog: : jn
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: “goer = 7 ‘:
scene_heading: INT. HOOKER'S APARTMENT BUILDING = EVENING
text: Hooker comes in the front entrance and goes to the elevator,
text: one of the old-fashioned kind with the iron grid on the in-
text: side. He's still a little rattled and waiting for the eleva-
text: tor is making him restless. It finally arrives, and he steps
text: inside, closing the grid behind him. As he starts to push
text: the button for his floor, he realizes for the first time that
text: he's not alone. He looks to the corner to find Snyder, hold-
text: ing a gun on him. This time there's not much doubt that he'll
dialog: use it if necessary.
speaker_heading: HOOKER (x
dialog: Hey there, Snyder. Long time no see.
speaker_heading: cot TO
scene_heading: _ INT. THE ABANDONED WAREHOUSE - EVENING
text: Snyder brings Hooker into the crate room where Special Agent .(%
text: Polk and the other Agents are waiting. -Poik, as usual, has .
text: his coat off, revealing his shoulder holster.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: Hello, Mr. Hooker. Special Agent (3
dialog: Polk, F.B.I...
dialog: (shoving a chair
dialog: over to him)
dialog: Have a seat.
text: Hooker remains standing.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: (ignoring it,
dialog: @rinking from
dialog: a cup}
dialog: You want a drink or something?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: We want to talk to ya about Henry
dialog: Gondorff. :
speaker_heading: - HOOKER ‘
dialog: Don't think I know hin.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: ‘Well give yourself a couple sec-
dialog: onds, crumb. You wouldn't wanna
dialog: lie to me. Lt. Snyder here says
dialog: you done a lotta conZidence work ¢
text: in his town.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Lt. Snyder doesn't know shit.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: pmé «#02062
speaker_heading: —_ 130 CONTINUED
text: : Capt. Polk almost laughs, but he checks it.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You got nothin’ on me.
speaker_heading: ’ . POLK
dialog: We'll get it, and if we can't, we'll
dialog: ' . Just make it up. Grand larceny,
dialog: extortion,
dialog: (with special
dialog: emphasis)
dialog: counterfeiting, anything you want.
text: Hooker says nothing, but it's not from defiance now.
text: beginning to get the picture.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: Look, I got nothin' against you,
dialog: but you're in trouble here. All
dialog: you gotta do is tell us when
dialog: Gonderff's gonna play his chump. .
dialog: We come in at the sting, make the
dialog: pinch, and you walk out free as a
dialog: on bird. No questions, no court ap-
dialog: pearance, astieng. .
speaker_heading: * HOOKER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: You've already dsne time twice,
dialog: and judges don't like three time
dialog: losers. You wanna sit in the can
dialog: for forty years, startin' tonight?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: I'll make parole.
speaker_heading: POLK :
dialog: Like hell. You won't even get a
dialog: review till you‘re seventy.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (seftly)
dialog: I'll chance it.
text: Polk pauses for a moment. then seems resigned.
speaker_heading: ~ POLK
dialog: Okay. 1f£ that’s the way you want
dialog: it. We might even provide you with
text: a little company on the way up the
dialog: river, That wife of Luther Coleman's
dialog: w- What was her name, Snyder? ‘
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Q
dialog: 0
dialog: Q
speaker_heading: G
dialog: ft
speaker_heading: pmf «#02062 u
dialog: . 2
speaker_heading: 130 CONTINUED = 2
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: Alva.
text: Hooker's head snaps up and he regards Polk with veiled loathing.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: That's it. Alva Coleman. Quite a
dialog: grifter in her time, I hear. Snyder
dialog: says he's got quite a dossier on
dialog: her. Nothing major by itself, but
dialog: put tem together and it could add
dialog: up to a lotta years.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: You stink, " Polk.
speaker_heading: POLK .
dialog: c'mon, don't be a sap. It's not
dialog: her I want. I don't care if you're
dialog: too dumb to save yourself, but
dialog: there's no sense draggin' everybody
dialog: else down with ya. .
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's all over, Hooker. You can save
dialog: me a lotta trouble, but I'm gonna
dialog: get Henry Gondorff whether you help :
dialog: me out or not.
text: Hooker's thoroughly whipped. He sits down for’ the first time.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Will you wait until the chump is
dialog: played?
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: Rell yes. We don't care about the
dialog: mark, He deserves what he gets.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (with heat)
dialog: I mean completely played. Until
text: he's beat and the score is taken.
dialog: You come in before we beat him and
dialog: I'll kill him. You'll have a tough
dialog: time explaining that, won't-ya.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: All right, Hooker, but you take it
dialog: on the lam, and we'll shoot you down
dialog: on sight.°
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: {barely audible)
dialog: Just as long as I get to finish the
dialog: play.
dialog: “cur To
speaker_heading: #02062
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Gondorff and Hooker are playing gin rummy and drinking.
text: Gondorff makes little comments as he plays, but Hooker is
text: quiet and withdrawn. The carousel is not in operation and a
text: heavy silence hangg over the place.
scene_heading: . GONDORFF ~
dialog: What's the matter, kid? You're
dialog: net sayin’ much.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Just a little nervous, that's all.
speaker_heading: . GONDORFF
dialog: Luther always told me to bite my
dialog: toenails when I got nervous. You
dialog: see yourself doin' that and you
dialog: realize it ain't worth it.
text: Hooker smiles feebly.
text: Billie appears at the door.
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: Things are a little slow tonight,
dialog: Henry. I wanna open the round for
dialog: the girls.
text: Gondorff takes out a set of keys and tosses them to her. She
text: leaves to go start the merry-go-round. Gondorff settles back
text: into the game.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Take it easy, you won't lose him
dialog: now. We had him 10 years ago when
dialog: he decided to be somebody. Believe
dialog: me, I've seen enough to know.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Bow many guys you conned in your
dialog: life, Henry?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Two or three hundred I guess. Some-
dialog: times played two a day when I was
dialog: in Shea's mob. We had it down to
dialog: a business.
dialog: " (pause)
dialog: 'Course Chicago was a right town
dialog: then. The fix was in. The dicks
dialog: took their end without a beef. All
dialog: the Wall Street boys wanted to make
dialog: investments for us. Even had marks
dialog: looking us up, thinkin' they could
dialog: beat the game. 1 .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 402062,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: : : + GONDORFF (Cont‘d)
dialog: (pause) .
dialog: Yeh, kid, it really stunk. No sense
dialog: in bein' a grifter if it's the same
dialog: as bein' a citizen. ~
text: Gondorff chucks his cards on the table. He's through for the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: I better do some packin': I'm gonna
dialog: be a hot number again after tomorrow.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Then why you doin' it?
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Seems worthwhile, doesn't it?) Maybe -
dialog: it's just for the cave-in on Lonnegan's
dialog: face when we put in the sting.
text: That's good enough. Hooker gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Henry.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Yeh.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (apologetically)
dialog: I appreciate your stickin' your
dialog: neck out. I wouldn't have asked
dialog: ya if it weren't for Luther.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Ain't nothin’ gonna make up for
dialog: Luther, kid.
dialog: (pause):
dialog: Revenge is for suckers. I been
dialog: griftin' 30 years and never got any.
text: Hooker just nods and walks out the door.
scene_heading: INT. CAROUSEL
text: We follow him past the Carousel which is now full of giggling
text: prostitutes in various stages of undress. Their childish
text: frolicking is charming from a group usually so jaded, but it's
dialog: lost on Hooker tonight.
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
speaker_heading: #02062 : 1
scene_heading: EXT. A CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: It's late now and the street is deserted save for an occasional
text: derelict or streetwalker on her way home from a night‘s work.
text: We pick up Hooker coming down the street toward his apartment
text: building. He walks slowly, almost reluctantly, as if he didn't
dialog: care whether he ever got there or not.
text: As he nears his building, he notices Loretta coming out of the
text: diner across the street. He stops and watches as she looks up
text: and disappears into an adjacent building that advertises rooms
text: for rent. After a few seconds, we see a light come on in one
text: of its second story windows.
text: Hooker just stands there a second, debating with himself, try-
dialog: ing to figure out a reason for doing what he's going to do
text: anyway. We follow him across the street to Loretta's building
scene_heading: INT. LORETTA'S
text: He goes up the stairs to the room where the light came on. He
text: passes a couple of derelicts on the way. He knocks twice and
text: Loretta answers in her bathrobe. She is more than a little
text: startled to see him. .
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Looks like he missed ya.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Yeh, this time anyway.
text: Loretta notices an old busybody peeping out at. them from her
text: room across the hall.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Good night, Mrs. Hillard.
text: Mrs, Hillard quickly closes her door.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (shuffling a little)
dialog: I, ah...thought you might wanna
dialog: come out for a while. Maybe have
dialog: a drink or somethin’, .
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You move right along, don't ya.
speaker_heading: -HOOKER
dialog: (with more innocence
dialog: than confidence)
dialog: I don't mean nothin' by it. I just
dialog: don't know many regular girls, that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mt’
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: '¥02062
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: And you expect me to come out, just
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: If I expected somethin', I wouldn't
dialog: be still standin’ out here in the
dialog: hall.
text: Loretta looks at him carefully. She knows it's not a line.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (with less resist-
dialog: "ance now)
dialog: I don't even know you.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: You know me. I'm just like you...
dialog: Itts two in the morning and I don't
dialog: know nobody.
text: The two just stand there in silence a second. There's nothing
text: more to say. She stands back and lets him in.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: A record spinning lazily on an old phonograph. We hear Robert
text: Johnson's "Come On In My Kitchen." Gondorff is sitting up in
text: bed, with his hat on, lost in thought. Billie is curled up
text: asleep next to him. There's a packed suitcase next to the bed
text: Billie wakes up and turns over a second. :
speaker_heading: CcuT TO
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S ROOM
speaker_heading: BILLIE
dialog: C'mon Henry, knock off. You've
dialog: done everything you can.
text: Gondorff nods his agreement like a zombie and goes right on
dialog: thinking.
speaker_heading: cur TO
dialog: ”
dialog: pat
dialog: 137
speaker_heading: #02062
speaker_heading: LORETTA'S ROOM
text: Hooker and Loretta are asleep against each other, their bodies
text: illuminated every few seconds by the light from a neon sign.
text: across the street. We dolly to the window and move in on an-
text: other window in the building. next door. There's no light on
text: in it, but we can discern the basic outline of a face behind
text: the curtains, which are slightly parted to afford a view of
text: Hooxer's room by a black-gloved hand.
dialog: "I said come on in my kitchen
dialog: ‘Cause it's ganna be rainin' outdoors."
text: Music ends.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: tr #02062
speaker_heading: FADE IN
speaker_heading: THE STING
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: gb
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: ” 02062 ul
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. LORETTA'S ROOM - MORNING
text: We open on Hooker in bed, the morning sun streaming in on his
text: face. He awakens slowly, looks at the ceiling for a second
text: and, remembering last night, turns to the side to find that
text: Loretta is no longer there. Still drowsy, he gets out of bed
text: and looks around the room for a note or some evidence of her
text: continued presence. He opens an empty closet, then opens empty
text: drawers. Finding nothing, he suddenly hits on another pos-
text: sibility, and looks.in his wallet. The money is still there.
text: Almost disappointed, he slumps down in a chair, as the harsh
text: reality of what will happen this day floods back in on him.
dialog: Music begins and we: _
dialog: : , cur To
scene_heading: INT. AN UNKNOWN LOCATION -- DAY
text: We see the black-gloved hand opening a small wooden box.
text: Wrapped inside is a shiny black revolver, at this point in
text: two pieces. The Hand reaches in and takes them out.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: INT, THE SLEEZY DINER - DAY
text: Hooker is poking at a plate of waffles and sausage. The wait-
text: ress on duty is net Loretta and Hooker has noticed.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: INT. GONDORFF'S ROOM - DAY -
text: Gondorff is standing in front of the bathroom mirror, putting
text: on his tuxedo. He goes to his dresser, pulls out a very small
text: gun and tucks it in his cummerbund. ~
speaker_heading: , CUT TO
scene_heading: THE GUNMAN'S ROOM AGAIN
text: The hand swirls a pipe cleaner inside the barrel of the re-
text: volver and picks some lint out of the chamber. He then screws
text: the barrel onto the body. This is all seen in closeup.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: HOOKER'S ROOM AGAIN
text: Hooker now has his tuxedo on. He takes two small rubber biad-
text: ders out of a crawer and puts them in his pocket.
speaker_heading: cut TO
dialog: cr
dialog: on
dialog: ” gb
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: - 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: “g02062° =O : uO 1
scene_heading: INT. LONNEGAN'S SUITE - DAY
text: Lennegan paces nervously around the room, looking at the clock.
text: Obviously waiting for something, he's getting extremely im-
dialog: patient.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: THE GUNMAN'S ROOM AGAIN
text: We watch the hand carefully loading bullets into the chamber
text: of the revolver.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: INT. THE CAROUSEL BUILDING - DAY
text: Gondorff emerges from his room carrying his ‘suitcase. He stops
text: and looks up at the mezzanine where Billie is standing. They
text: smile sadly at each other and give a simple wave, having done
dialog: this too many times to get sentimental about it now. Gondorff
text: walks out of the building.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: HOOKER'S ROOM AGAIN
text: Hooker is busily stuffing all his possessions in a paper bag,
text: lumping clothes with food, records and toilet articles.
speaker_heading: cur tO
scene_heading: LONNEGAN'S SUITE AGAIN
text: Lonnegan goes to the door to admit Floyd and two assistants,
text: one of whom carries a large brief case. Lonnegon takes the
text: brief case to a table and opens ‘it. Inside is a half million
dialog: dollars in cash.
dialog: cur to
scene_heading: THE GUNMAN'S ROOM AGAIN
text: We see the hand putting a silencer on the revolver. The gun-
text: man puts the revolver up to his eye to check the alignment and
text: for the first time we see the face that goes with the hand.
text: It is fully as menacing as we had imagined: Broad, flat nose,
text: thick cracked lips, narrow eyes and cauliflower ears.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: HOOKER'S ROOM AGAIN
text: Hooker is on the phone now.
dialog: gb
dialog: “m.
dialog: #02062 ; , i
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE
text: We see that he's talking to Captain Polk. Snyder listens also.
speaker_heading: EOOKER'S ROOM
text: Hooker finishes the conversation, hangs up and goes to take
text: one last look at himself in the mirror. Finding everything in
text: order, he grabs up his sack of possessions and leaves the room.
scene_heading: EXT. HOOKER'S APARTMENT
text: We pick him up emerging from the building, and follow him
text: around the corner to a secluded alley which he generally takes
text: -on-hig way to the store. As he walks along, he notices Loretta
dialog: a 182
dialog: 151"A
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
speaker_heading: XD
dialog: .
dialog: 184
speaker_heading: K
text: coming toward him from the other end. She's wearing a coat,
text: obviously on her way somewhere. As she comes closer. we move
text: to reveal the gunman appearing suddenly in the alley behind and
text: to the right of Hooker.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY
text: The gunman quickly takes out his revolver, braces it in the
text: erook of his hand, and takes careful aim. Loretta sees him.
text: The gunman fires. Loretta falls dead on the asphalt.
text: Hooker spins around in confusion. The gunman moves quickly
text: toward him. Hooker starts to back up but the gunman stops when
text: he gets to Loretta. He kicks her over to reveal a gun under
text: her body.
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: She was gonna kill ya, kid.
text: Booker is stunned. He can't believe it.
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: (dragging the body
text: over behind a trash
dialog: can)
dialog: Her name's Loretta Salino. Lonnegan's
text: people set her up in the diner.
dialog: C'mon, let's get outa here.
text: Hooker wants to stay and try to figure it ali out, but the gun-
text: man drags him away.
dialog: cut To
scene_heading: INT. THE ABANDONED WAREHOUSE = DAY
text: Polk, Snyder and several federal agents are busy putting on
text: their shoulder holsters, and checking their weapons.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: : gb
dialog: 184
dialog: iss
speaker_heading: 1s6
dialog: 157
dialog: *- go2062"
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: : POLK
dialog: (to Snyder)
dialog: We got a tip that Gonderff's playin’
dialog: for some New York wheel. As soon as
dialog: we're inside, I want you to get
dialog: the guy outa there as fast as pos-
dialog: gible, before the reporters show
dialog: up. We can't afford to embarrass
dialog: any big shots.
text: Snyder nods.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: EXT. LONNEGAN'S HOTEL = DAY
text: Lonnegan, carrying the brief case_personally, ‘is seen getting
text: into his limousine. Four assistants get in with him. = —
dialog: ” cur to
scene_heading: INT. THE STORE - DAY
text: Gondorff enters the store carrying his suitcase. Several of
text: the boost are already there. Gondorff clasps his hands to
text: generate a little enthusiasm. He's obviously up for this one,
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. A TAXI CAB - DAY
text: Hooker sits in the back seat with the gunman right next to him
dialog: He's still very uneasy with this man. :
speaker_heading: HOOKER :
dialog: She coulda killed me last night.
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: Too many people coulda seen ya go
text: in her room. She was a professional.
dialog: Used to work in the Dutch Schultz
dialog: gang. :
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Who are you? .
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: Gondorff asked me to look after ya.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: How do I know you're tellin" the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: "ye tae
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: #02062 re oy
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: GUNMAN
dialog: Don't have much choice, do ya?
dialog: We go to Hooker. No, he doesn't.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE ABANDONED WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: We pick up Polk, Snyder and the other federal agents coming
text: out of the warehouse in their white skimmers, and piling into
dialog: cars.
dialog: cur To
scene_heading: THE STORE AGAIN ‘
text: Niles is busily spreading "poodles" all over the cashier's
text: area, Singleton checks his microphone. It works fine. He
dialog: checks it again.
dialog: cut To
scene_heading: LONNEGON IN HIS LIMOUSINE
text: He holds the brief casein his:lap, his fingers tapping lightly
text: on it.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: THE STORE AGAIN
text: Hooker and the gunman enter and go over to Gondorff, who breaks
text: into a wide smile. Hooker returns it halfheartedly, still i11
text: at ease about what has happened.
dialog: : cur TO
text: THE F.B.I. CARS ON THEIR WAY
text: There are four or five driving in a column. Snyder and Polk
text: ride together in the back of the lead car.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE DRUGSTORE = DAY
text: Lonnegan's limousine pulls up outside, and the bodyguards
dialog: pile out.
dialog: curt TO
speaker_heading: “gp Hoz06z
scene_heading: 164 THE STORE AGAIN
text: Gonderff, Hooker and the others waiting, the tension expressec
dialog: their faces.
scene_heading: 165 INT. THE DRUGSTORE - DAY
text: Lonnegan sits tensely in the usual booth. He keeps both hands
text: firmly planted on the brief case. The phone rings and Lonnegan
text: goes to it. Music ends.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Place it on Syphon at four to one.
text: -,Lonnegan hangs up with the look of the financial killer. Eigh
dialog: to one odds is more than even he could have hoped for.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. STREET
text: We follow Lonnegan across the street and into the store. The
text: bodyguards remain outside.
scene_heading: 167 INT. STORE
text: The store is buzzing with activity. Money and booze are every
text: where. The sheet writer and the boardmarker can hardly keep
text: up with the action. Lonnegan walks quickly to the betting lin
text: and finds to his relief that there's only one man ahead of him
text: The man puts $25,000 on King's Image.
text: Lonnegan steps to the window, swings up the brief case, and op
dialog: it for Niles to see. : .
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (straight-faced)
dialog: Five hundred grand on-Syphon.
text: Niles is struck dumb. He's never seen that much money before.
speaker_heading: NILES
dialog: (playing the
dialog: fiustered clerk)
dialog: Hold on, I'll have to get the
dialog: manager. -
text: Niles goes and returns with Gondorff.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: What's the problem?
speaker_heading: ” CONTINUED
dialog: 167
dialog: ‘po2062 ‘ : - z
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: NILES 7
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: the brief case)
dialog: He wants to put a half million on
dialog: Syphon.
text: Gondorff looks at the money a second and then looks up at
dialog: Lonnegan like he's gotta be crazy.
speaker_heading: GONDORFP
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: I can't lay that off in time. We
dialog: lose a bet that big, it could break
dialog: us. : .
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (challenging) -
dialog: If ya win it could make ya, too.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (to Niles)
dialog: What are the odds on Syphon?
speaker_heading: / NILES
dialog: - Four to. qne. . : (
text: Gonderff looks at Lonnegan long and hard.
dialog: . ° GONDORFF
dialog: A half mill on an four to one shot. (
dialog: Youtre dumber than I thought, :
dialog: Lonnegan.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN .
dialog: You're more gutless than I thought.
text: The words “Last Flash" are heard on the speaker. Gondorff
text: looks at Lonnegan with utter contempt. He turns to Niles.
dialog: (chopped)
dialog: Take it.
text: Niles hurriedly writes out a slip for 500,000 dollars. Lonnega
text: allowing himself a sly smile, picks it up and retires to a near
text: by table. He flashes a little okay sign to Hocker who acknowl-
text: edges it with a nod.
scene_heading: . . CALLER
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, this is Arnold
dialog: Rowe, your caller for the San Antonio
dialog: Handicap at Pimlico in Baltimore --
dialog: A mile and 1/16 for three-year-olds.
dialog: And they're off.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: rm «#02062
speaker_heading: 167 CONTINUED - 2
text: Lonnegan takes a deep breath and leans forward in his chair,
text: the larceny boiling in his veins. Hooker looks to Gondorff,
text: Gondorff gives him the "office." Hooker has to smile.
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: And around the first turn it's King's
text: “Image by a neck, Syphon is second by
dialog: one, Key to the Vault third by one
text: half, followed by Mr. Moonlight, Red
dialog: Ridge, Moneyman and No Charge.
text: Unexpectedly, Kid Twist bursts if through the entrance.
text: Barely able to control his enthusiasm, he hurries over to
text: ~Lonnegan's table and sits down next to him.
speaker_heading: TWIST
dialog: Sorry, but I just couldn't wait. -
dialog: Did everything go all right?
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: (motioning for him to
dialog: keep his voice down)
dialog: Take it easy. Everything's all
dialog: right. I put it on Syphon, on the -
dialog: nose,
speaker_heading: Twist
dialog: {in utter horror)
dialog: On the nose! I said place. Place
dialog: it on Syphon. That horse is going
dialog: to run second.
text: Lonnegan looks like he's just been stabbed. , He vaults over
text: the table to the teller's window and grabs Niles.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You give me my goddamn money back!
dialog: You hear me? There's been a mis-
dialog: take:
speaker_heading: - NILES
dialog: I'm sorry, six. The betting's
dialog: closed.
text: Lonnegan begins to shake him violently.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: You give me my money back. There's
dialog: been a mistake, do you hear me?
text: Gondorff leaps to Niles' aid when suddenly there is a crash
text: at the entrance door, and Polk, Snyder and eight federal
text: agents burat into the room, guns drawn. The place falls
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: ~yo206s nn So - “ou
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 3
text: silent except for the loudspeaker, the members of the boost
text: afraid to move. Gondorff and Niles look at each other
dialog: wondering how this could have possibly happened.
speaker_heading: POLK
dialog: (motioning to Eooker)
dialog: All right, Hooker, you can go.
text: Hooker's eyes go to Gondorff, who looks back at‘him in utter
text: disbelief, the betrayal raging in his features. Hooker,
text: unable to meet his gaze, lowers his head and starts to walk
text: out. ‘Almost unnoticed, there's a flash of movement at
text: Gondorff's belt. A small gun. A shot. Hooker clutches his
text: ... back and fakls dead on the floor, the blood spurting from his
text: mouth. Polk, reacting instantly, pours four shots into
text: Gondorff, who goes down in a heap. Pandemonium breaks loose.
text: The members of the boost race for the door. Lonnegan is —
dialog: totally stunned, First he lost his money and now he's in-
text: volved in a murder. Snyder rushes over to hin.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: C'mon. We gotta get you outa here.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Snyder drags him through the crowd and out onto the street
text: where an F.B.I. car is waiting. His bodyguards have long
text: since fled at the sight of the F.5.1. men.
speaker_heading: LONNEGAN
dialog: . My money's back there.
speaker_heading: SNYDER
dialog: We'll worry about that later.
text: Snyder gets in beside Lonnegan, and the car speeds away.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: INSIDE THE STORE AGAIN
text: The pandemonium has now ceased. Those who could escape have;
text: the rest are lined up against the wall in frisking position,
text: Gondorff and Hooker lie on the floor dead. The loudspeaker
text: drones on, Singleton is still calling the race from his booth,
text: apparently oblivious to what's happened.
speaker_heading: CALLER
dialog: And the winner is King's Image by
dialog: four lengths, Syphon is second, by
dialog: two, Moneyman third by two and one
dialog: half. Time for 1 and 1/16 miles,
dialog: 1:21 and 2/10 seconds.
speaker_heading: * CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ‘mm * #02062
speaker_heading: 169 CONTINUED
text: Polk walks slowly over to Hooker's body and bends down.
dialog: Hooker
dialog: floor,
dialog: blood,
dialog: Niles,
speaker_heading: POLK
text: He's gone.
text: opens his eyes and slowly drags himself up off the
text: spitting out a little rubber bladder, filled with
text: that he's had in his mouth. Gondorff does likewise.
text: Twist, Singleton and the rest of the boost begin to
text: laugh and shake hands, as do the Federal Agents.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: (to Polk)
dialog: Nice con, Hickey. I thought you
dialog: were Feds myself, when you first
dialog: came in.
speaker_heading: HICKEY
dialog: No problem, Henry. Snyder went for
dialog: it all the way.
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You shoulda seen the rag he lit
dialog: under Lonnegan.
text: “Gondorf£ turns to the others.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: Okay, let's take this place apart
dialog: and get outa here. You can get your
text: splits from Eddie at Boudreau's to-
dialog: night.
text: Gondorff walks over to Hooker, who's wiping the blood off bis
text: face and hands.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You beat him, kid.
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You were right, Henry. It's not.
dialog: enough...But it's close.
speaker_heading: GONDORFF
dialog: You wanta wait for your share?
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Naw, I'd just blow it.
text: Gondorff nods, and walks slowly to behind the bar. He comes
text: out with his suitcase in one hand and Hooker's paper bag in
text: another. He throws the paper bag to Hooker, who stops by
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: 402062 —
dialog: 
dialog: " CONTINUED ~ 2¢
text: the door. Eirie Kid is standing there. Hooker gives the
text: "office" to Eirie, who beams and gives it back.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY AND STREET . -
text: Then Hooker and Gondorff leave. We hold on them, two rag-
text: tail grifters again as they walk off down the street and dis-
text: appear around the corner.
speaker_heading: PADE OUT
dialog: 
