speaker_heading: DRIVEN
dialog: 
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: David Elliot
dialog: based on a story by
dialog: Darcy Meyers, David Elliot and Clay Ayers
dialog: Eighth Revised Draft
dialog: October 26, 1999
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON -
text: A photo of a happy young woman at the beach. Her candid
text: expression suggests that she did not know she was being
dialog: photographed.
text: TRACK -- Off the picture, revealing that it is one of
text: many photographs of the same woman pasted onto a wall in
text: something of a collage of photos, newspaper clippings,
text: hand-written letters, and notes as well as eclectic
dialog: personal items (postcards, match books, birthday cards,
dialog: etc.).
text: The collage appears to be lit by candlelight.
text: In each photo she is either alone or the others in the
text: photograph have been roughly cut from the frame with
text: scissors. Though the woman appears attractive and happy,
text: there is something disturbing about the haphazard pasting
dialog: and cutting of the pictures.
text: As the frame tracks, glimpsed headlines read:
scene_heading: INQUIRY CLEARS AGENT OF NEGLIGENCE, INDEFINITE
scene_heading: LEAVE BEGINS; CHARRED REMAINS IDENTIFIED,
scene_heading: LINKED TO SERIAL KILLER; DEATH TOLL CLIMBS TO
speaker_heading: NINETEEN.
text: The frame tracks over crime scene photos -- a burned out
text: house surrounded by police and emergency vehicles; a shot
text: inside the same house (blackened walls and furniture); a
text: shot of a white sheet standing out in the middle of the
text: room; a closer shot of the same sheet, a human form
text: underneath; the sheet pulled back exposing a badly burned
dialog: body.
text: The frame has traveled full circle around the collage and
text: comes to rest again on the first picture of the young
dialog: woman.
text: With startling effect, a man's hand enters frame and
text: caresses the woman's cheek.
speaker_heading: -BLACK-
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE MICHIGAN - NIGHT
text: The low moon illuminates the quiet lake. The beautiful
text: Chicago skyline glimmers in the distance. All is still
dialog: until-
text: From behind the skyline a WHIRRING mass of rotor blades
text: appears gradually closing in our position. Soon, three
text: F.B.I. helicopters BOOM past and continue on, sweeping
text: low across the water.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: A dozen police vehicles scream through the streets of
dialog: Chicago.
text: Two motorcycle cops have blocked cross traffic and the
text: convoy races through the light.
text: When the convoy passes, the two motorcycles race back
text: past the convoy, ready to block the next intersection.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - CONTINUOUS
text: Spirited CUBAN MUSIC fills this expensively decorated and
text: trendy loft.
text: Windows compromise one whole wall of the room offering a
text: stunning view over the lake.
text: DAVID ALLEN GRIFFIN (35, handsome; despite his apparent
text: good mood, he has an eerie presence) suddenly dances into
dialog: frame.
text: He whirls and steps unselfconsciously to the feisty
text: rhythms, holding a heavy black automatic pistol in one
dialog: hand.
text: Mid-twirl he turns and addresses someone off camera.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Ooh. This song is faboo. Do
dialog: you feel that? The rhythm?
text: It's alive.
text: He dances, humming along with the song and occasionally
text: turning to look playfully at his image in a large three-
text: pane mirror as if he were flirting with an unseen
dialog: partner.
scene_heading: INT. F.B.I. COMMAND HELICOPTER: CONTINUOUS
text: The helicopter moves low and fast over a desolate expanse
dialog: of water.
text: Behind the COMMAND PILOT, several FEDERAL AGENTS gaze
text: soberly toward their destination.
text: ON THE COMMAND PILOT: His profile taut in the florescent
text: glow of his monitor.
text: The lights of Chicago disappear in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - CONTINUOUS
text: Griffin continues to dance for a moment before winding
text: his motion down gracefully as the song fades.
text: In the absence of music we hear for the first time the
text: sound of a WOMAN in the room quietly crying and
text: whimpering nearby.
text: The next SONG suddenly jumps to life on the CD player and
text: Griffin launches into another dance number, again humming
dialog: along.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: HOVERING FOR A MOMENT high above the glittering water,
text: they PLUNGE toward their target.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Police vans and patrol cars screech to a lurching halt in
text: front of the warehouse.
text: The rear doors of the vans burst open and one after
text: another, COPS in riot gear pour out onto the pavement.
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY ROOFTOP - CONTINUOUS
text: On the rooftop of a nearby building, there is a
text: tremendous build-up of police personnel.
text: A S.W.A.T. COMMANDER motions for his men to clear the way
text: as the three helicopters rise over the rooftop's ledge
text: and land in unison.
text: The federal agents duck the churning blade as they rush
text: into the nearest stairwell. Dozens of helmeted cops line
text: the roof's ledge.
text: VARIOUS ANGLES ON high-powered rifles, trained on the
dialog: warehouse.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - CONTINUOUS
text: AS a song ends, Griffin addresses someone off camera.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I don't know how you can just
dialog: sit there with music like this.
dialog: Such a waste.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, FIRST FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: A small army pours into the building through every ground
dialog: floor entrance.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: A metal door crashes open as waves of S.W.A.T. officers
text: storm the darkened basement. As they advance, their red-
text: laser sights tracing a maze of pipes through the
text: cavernous basement.
scene_heading: S.W.A.T. OFFICER
dialog: (into his headset)
text: Basement's clear.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The agent in charge, MIKE IBBY (44, African American)
text: and several other AGENTS approach the building.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: A team of S.W.A.T. officers thunder up the metal fire
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE (DIFFERENT) STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: A second S.W.A.T. team races up a different stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, SECOND FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Another S.W.A.T. team kicks open a door to a loft,
text: scaring the hell out of COUPLE watching TV.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, THIRD FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: A SECOND S.W.A.T. Officer hustles three terrified PEOPLE
text: down a dark hallway.
scene_heading: SECOND S.W.A.T. OFFICER
dialog: Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, FIFTH FLOOR HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: S.W.A.T. officers storm the hallway on the fifth floor
text: gathering at a door. The LEAD OFFICER nods and two
text: officers stand and ram the door down with a battering
dialog: ram.
text: FREEZE THE IMAGE. A voice is heard.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
dialog: It's never that easy. You go
dialog: through the door and they're
dialog: never just sitting there waiting
dialog: for you, a welcoming smile on
dialog: their face.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIST'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: JOEL CAMPBELL (late 30s, weary, scraggy, full beard,
text: baggy chords, a baseball cap) sits across from his
text: psychiatrist POLLY BEILMAN (37, attractive, poised).
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: The best we can do is hope they
dialog: fuck up and do what we can to be
dialog: there when they do.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Do you blame yourself for the
dialog: killings?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: No, I blame the asshole who did
dialog: them.
text: Polly almost cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
dialog: No. I don't blame myself for
dialog: not catching him, if that's what
dialog: you mean. This isn't a guy
dialog: whose been in and out of an
dialog: institution his whole life...
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES STREET CORNER - DAY
text: A black and white cruiser has pulled over an older model
text: station wagon. TWO COPS walk up on either side of the
dialog: car.
text: As he approaches the driver, Cop #1 suddenly draws his
text: weapon. Cop #2 follows his lead.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
text: ...whose brain finally pops and
text: he slaughters five people then
dialog: drives around in the family
text: station wagon till a cop sees
text: him run a red light.
text: The DRIVER raises his hands. Blood covers his face and
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: BLOODY GUY
dialog: Is there a problem, officer?
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIST'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Back in the office.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: This is a man whose whole life
text: is about killing. He studies
dialog: it. He knows forensics.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT’D)
text: He understands police procedure.
text: He prepares methodically so as
dialog: not to leave any evidence at the
dialog: scene.
scene_heading: INT. CORNER MARKET - EVENING
text: SHARON (attractive, 27) strolls through a local
text: deli/market with a hand basket full of groceries.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
text: He brings a kit with tools and
text: props. Duct tape, hand cuffs, a
dialog: weapon. Everything he'll need
dialog: for control, pleasure and
dialog: murder.
text: Anonymous POV of Sharon picking through a stack of
dialog: onions.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
dialog: He may watch her for weeks.
scene_heading: EXT. SHARON'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Sharon gets out of her parked car and walks, alone, down
text: the mostly deserted street in a middle-class
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
dialog: Learn her routine. When she
text: comes home, when she goes to
dialog: sleep.
text: A car drives slowly down the street past her and pulls
text: into a space. The lights go off.
scene_heading: EXT. SHARON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: POV from outside the window looking in: Sharon prepares
text: herself breakfast in a very revealing outfit.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
text: In the morning, before the sun
text: comes up, he can walk right up
text: next to her.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIST'S' OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Why the morning?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Even though the sun's still
dialog: down, nobody perceives it as
dialog: night. Women that are very
dialog: careful at one a.m., will walk
text: around half naked four hours
dialog: later.
text: Polly makes a quick note on her notepad. Her expression
text: suggests that it's a note to herself to take care in the
dialog: mornings.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Finally, he’d pick a day.
scene_heading: INT. SHARON'S APARTMENT BUILDING, CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Again a CU of a man's feet walking down a long corridor.
text: CU on man's hands as he first puts on a pair of latex
text: gloves, slips pair of cotton gloves over them, and then
text: picks the lock of an old doorknob.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
dialog: He'd let himself into her
dialog: apartment.
text: The lock clicks open and he pushes the door open.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Sharon approaches her apartment door. She fumbles around
text: in her purse for her keys for a long time. Aftera
text: minute she gives up and starts to head back down the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
dialog: That night she'd get home, go
text: about her business, unaware that
text: he was in the house.
text: She gets a few steps away and suddenly stops in her
text: tracks. She found the keys. She turns and lets herself
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. SHARON'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The front door swings open, spilling light from the
text: hallway across the small living room. She closes the
text: door behind her and for a few seconds the apartment is
text: totally black. Her footsteps can be heard then BANG!
speaker_heading: YELP!
text: She clicks on a light and rubs her shin. She bumped the
text: coffee table in the dark. She sets down her purse and
text: keys and heads down the dark hallway.
scene_heading: INT. SHARON'S BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: She steps into the bathroom and flips on the light.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
dialog: She might spend her last moments
dialog: alive in this world taking a
dialog: piss or feeding her cat.
scene_heading: INT. SHARON'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Sharon pushes open her bedroom door and flips on the
text: light and heads towards the closet, pulling her shirt off
text: as she walks.
text: Griffin stands behind the bedroom door, calmly. She
text: doesn't see him. She opens the closet door and begins to
text: rummage through her clothes.
text: Griffin pushes the bedroom door closed with a just
text: audible CLICK. Sharon slowly turns and sees Griffin
text: standing inside the closed bedroom door.
text: She yelps, covers herself with her hands and tries to run
text: but there's nowhere to go. She runs headlong into her
text: tiny closet, pulling down a bunch of her clothes,
text: literally trying to climb the walls.
scene_heading: INT. SHARON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Sharon sits whimpering loudly on the sofa. She has duct
text: tape across her mouth and her feet are bound together
text: with her own stockings. Griffin stands nearby at a CD
text: rack browsing through her CDs. He takes out a CD and
text: puts it in.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Oh. Here we go. Shall we
dialog: dance?
text: Ballroom dance music suddenly pours out of the stereo.
text: He holds out his hand. Sharon sits, still totally
text: immobilized with fear. She begins to whimper a little
dialog: louder.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, don't play hard to get.
dialog: This'1ll be fun! Shhhhhhh.
dialog: Shhhhhhh.
text: He dances over to her and tries to pick her up but she
text: wails and her body goes limp, slipping out of his arms.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Shhhhhhh. Shhhhhhh.
dialog: (suddenly enraged)
dialog: I said SHUT UP!
dialog: She does.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIST'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: The torture would last hours.
text: Unimaginable terror.
text: Campbell notices that Polly looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to
dialog: disturb you, I just-
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (snapping out of it)
dialog: No, no. Don't be sorry. This
dialog: is important for you, it's just
dialog: difficult sometimes.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Yeah, tell me about it.
dialog: (points to clock)
dialog: You're off the hook anyway.
text: She looks at the clock on her desk.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (still composing
dialog: herself)
dialog: Yeah. I guess so. Okay, so
dialog: I'll see you next week.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Campbell lets himself into his apartment, a dark
text: unfriendly place. Books and magazines fill every
text: conceivable corner, making the place seem even smaller
dialog: than it is.
text: He tosses a hand-full of mail into a basket of similarly
text: unopened mail. The camera lingers on an unopened FEDERAL
text: EXPRESS envelope.
text: He tosses his jacket carelessly on the couch and crosses
text: the room to the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S BATHROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Campbell enters and washes his face, pulling his shirt
text: tail out. He opens a drawer and pulls out several
text: bottles of prescription medication, opens each one and
text: shakes out a couple pills.
text: He tosses them all into his mouth and takes a drink from
text: the faucet, swallowing them.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S KITCHEN - AFTERNOON
text: Campbell walks into the kitchen looking for food. All he
text: can find as a browning apple which he grabs and heads
dialog: back into:
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: He picks up his keys (which have a Swiss army knife on
dialog: them) and a Victoria's Secret catalogue that came in the
text: mail and sits on the couch. He opens the knife and
text: begins peeling the apple and opens the catalogue,
text: obviously only half-interested in its contents.
text: The apple skin comes off in one long, spiral piece. He
text: sets it on the table and takes a bite of the apple.
text: He loses interest in the catalogue all together and
text: tosses it on the coffee table. He leans back and stares
text: toward the window, lost in thought.
text: TIME LAPSE - The light behind the window shade gradually
text: fades. Campbell still stares at the window until long
text: after dark.
scene_heading: INT. SHARON'S BATHROOM - DAY
text: Griffin stands in front of the mirror covered in blood
text: and sweat, exhausted from the ordeal of murder.
text: As he methodically cleans himself up, he addresses
text: himself in the mirror, though he seems to be talking to
dialog: someone else, the way one might speak to a deceased loved
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Where did you go? I wonder what
dialog: happened to you that night?
dialog: Why was it so different from the
dialog: other times? I don't know why
dialog: you were there, how you got so
dialog: close to me that night.
text: He bends over and washes his face.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: But I remember clearly what I
dialog: felt when I heard your footsteps
dialog: falling behind me... Pride. For
dialog: me it was our finest hour. I
dialog: thought it would keep us
dialog: together forever. I can still
dialog: see the flames...
scene_heading: EXT. BURNING HOUSE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Deep black smoke pours from several broken windows. The
text: orange flicker of fire light can be seen behind several
dialog: other windows.
text: Campbell (younger) gun in hand, sprints down a dark
text: deserted alley toward the house. Though he runs as hard
text: as he can, in dreamlike fashion he doesn't seem to making
dialog: very much progress.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Campbell running up the back staircase and into the back
text: door, immediately ducking away from the rush of flames
dialog: and heat.
text: He covers his mouth with his arm and pushes into the back
dialog: hallway.
scene_heading: INT. BURNING HOUSE, BACK HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS - FLASHBACK
text: A WOMAN'S hideous SCREAMS of agony and fear. Campbell
text: pushes further down the crumbling hallway, dodging
text: burning debris that falls around him. His progress is
text: impeded by thick smoke that blurs what's happening. He
text: can just make out the image of a woman sitting in a chair
text: in a room at the end of the hallway.
text: She SCREAMS again, a long piercing howl.
text: The camera focuses in on a wall of flames until it fills
text: the entire frame.
text: Images of horrible prime scenes begin to appear
text: superimposed over the flames: horribly mutilated bodies,
text: pools of blood, bloody clothes, murder weapons. The
dialog: scream continues throughout until-
text: -CAMPBELL WAKES WITH A JOLT IN
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: He bolts up right on the couch, covered in sweat, his
text: face distorted with pain. His moves are frantic and
text: jerky.
text: He grips his hands over his eyes and stumbles towards the
text: bathroom but can't keep his feet.
text: HIS POV: the room blurs and the floor seems to buckles
text: as he CRASHES onto the hard wood.
text: He writhes in agony, kicking the walls and pressing both
text: hands against his temples as if to stem the pain.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S BATHROOM - MORNING
text: He finally gets it together enough to make it to the
text: bathroom, frantically dumping out drawers and throwing
text: open cabinets.
text: Campbell slumps into the floor. HIS DISTORTED POV: as
text: he paws at a pile of drugs and toiletries that lay
text: sprawled across the floor. His hand finds a
text: pharmaceutical carton and he tears it open with his
dialog: teeth.
text: He pulls the rubber protective tip from a small syringe
text: and plunges into his thigh (which is badly marked and
dialog: scarred from many similar occasions).
text: He pulls out a second syringe and repeats the process.
text: He drags himself the rest of the way into the bathroom
text: and throws up violently into the toilet.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Again, it's night time. Campbell stirs awake. He's been
text: on the floor the whole day. He stands up and washes his
text: mouth out.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Campbell enters the kitchen and opens the refrigerator.
text: Nothing. He slams it closed and checks the cupboard but
text: the cupboard's dry. He closes it as well.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPBELL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Campbell walks out his front door and down the street
text: toward a Chinese Restaurant across the street. He looks
text: haggard. We follow from an ANONYMOUS POV.
scene_heading: INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Campbell sits in the middle of the mostly empty
text: restaurant near the front window, eating his dinner with
text: chopsticks. He does not notice several police cruisers
text: that pass the front of the restaurant with their lights
dialog: on.
text: Again someone watches from across the street. Campbell
text: seems miserable and very much alone.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPBELL'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campbell steps out of the restaurant and is surprised by
text: the sight of an active crime scene in front of his
text: building. Campbell walks up and stands with a CROWD of
text: onlookers. COPS and PARAMEDICS pass this way and that.
text: After a moment, Campbell ducks the police tape and slips
text: unnoticed into the front door of the building.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campbell ducks another line of tape and into the hallway.
text: LIEUTENANT HOLLIS MACKIE (33, Southern twang and a bad
text: haircut) stands in the hallway talking to some COPS. He
text: sees Campbell.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Hi. Welcome to my crime scene.
dialog: Can help you or are you just
dialog: looking?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (pointing at the
dialog: stairwell)
dialog: I just live here.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (stepping in his path)
dialog: Did you not see the bright
dialog: yellow tape that said 'Do Not
dialog: Cross' on it?
text: Campbell holds up his wallet, showing Hollis his ID.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (weary)
dialog: Can I just go upstairs? I don't
dialog: feel like arguing with you.
text: Hollis looks at the ID for a moment then shouts down the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Emelda!
text: Hollis calls her over with a quick nod.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Got a picture?
text: EMELDA (a young Hispanic cop) hands it over. Hollis
text: hands the picture of Sharon to Campbell.
text: The photo (probably found in Sharon's apartment) is taken
text: at her high school graduation.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know this woman?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Never seen her. What happened?
dialog: She dead?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (suddenly very suspicious)
dialog: We didn't say anything about a
dialog: homicide... Mister...
dialog: (looking at the ID)
dialog: Campbell. Now why would you
dialog: jump to that conclusion?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Oh, I'm just real insightful.
dialog: You got half the block taped off
dialog: and there's a dozen cops in my
dialog: lobby. What conclusion should I
dialog: jump to, that someone stole her
dialog: stereo?
text: Campbell heads toward the stairs.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Wait. Call me if you think of
dialog: anything?
text: Campbell turns back around. Hollis walks over and hands
text: him a card. Campbell turns around and heads up the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Campbell sits on the bed watching the Home Shopping
text: Network holding a half-glass of Jack Daniels. He looks
dialog: miserable.
text: CU on a man's hand holding a faux diamond necklace.
speaker_heading: TV SALESMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (from the TV)
dialog: This cubic zirconium necklace is
dialog: perfect for her birthday,
dialog: anniversary, or Christmas
dialog: present.
scene_heading: INT. SHARON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Downstairs, a PHOTOGRAPHER flashes shot after shots of
text: Sharon. Off the last flash, the screen flashes entirely
dialog: white.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - MORNING
text: A sweeping vista of Chicago in the first light of day.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: Campbell eats cereal and rifles through an enormous pile
text: of unopened mail. Bills, junk mail, nothing interesting.
text: He gets to a Fed Ex envelope and tears it open and shakes
text: out the contents. A single 8'x 10' black and white
dialog: photo.
text: CU a photograph of Sharon, last night's victim, sitting
text: alone in a what appears to be a small restaurant - still
dialog: alive.
text: Campbell stands and quickly rummages through an enormous
text: pile of unopened mail and unread newspapers and magazines
text: near the front door, finally pushing the dumping a small
text: table onto the floor. He finds what he's looking for:
text: Another unopened Fed Ex envelope. He rips it open and
text: another black and white photo slips out. It's a picture
text: of a different woman driving alone in a her car. It's
text: taken from a car moving alongside her.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLIS' CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: ON THE CUT: a cell phone RINGS just as Hollis swerves
text: violently through traffic nearly killing himself and
text: twenty others. He's in pursuit of a Honda Accord that
text: just made a quick left. His police radio SQUABBLES
text: almost as loud as the TIRES of his car.
text: After he fishtails around the corner and down shifts,
text: quickly gaining his lost ground on the Honda, he answers
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (surprisingly calm)
dialog: Lieutenant Mackie.
text: INTERCUT WITH CAMPBELL'S APARTMENT;
text: Campbell jerks his head away from the receiver, startled
text: by the SCREAMING tires, engine ROAR, and blaring SIRENS.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (loudly over the
dialog: noise)
dialog: This is Joel Campbell. We met
dialog: last night.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (driving insanely)
dialog: Campbell. Sure, sure. Our ex-
dialog: F.B.I. friend from apartment
dialog: 805.
dialog: (answering the unasked
dialog: question)
dialog: We did some checking after you
dialog: left last night. What can I do
dialog: for you?
text: Hollis almost runs down four PEDESTRIANS, locking up all
text: four tires just long enough to miss them, then punching
text: the gas again. He doesn't even flinch. Several police
text: cruisers have joined the chase.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (truly perplexed)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (still totally calm)
dialog: Some asshole just jacked a Honda
dialog: two blocks from me.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Well, shit, do you need to call
dialog: me back?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (wrenching the wheel)
dialog: No, I'm fine. You got something
dialog: for me?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (still very loud)
dialog: When'd she die?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (still driving insanely)
text: Monday night. Three days ago.
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Cause I know who did it.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: And how might you know that?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Because he mailed me a picture
dialog: of her still alive. Got it
dialog: three days ago. Monday morning.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (blown away, almost happy)
dialog: No shit!?
text: Several patrol cars suddenly cut off the Honda and it
text: skids to a halt. Two Asian YOUTHS jump out and flee on
dialog: foot.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Campbell, hold on a sec. Team
dialog: Honda here's on the run.
text: Hollis jumps out of his car and chases one of the kids,
text: still holding his cell phone. After a short sprint,
text: Hollis has closed the gap. He tackles the kid, dropping
text: his cell phone, and the two of them skid along the dirty
text: pavement. The phone slides ten feet away. A UNIFORM
text: jumps on the kid and cuffs him.
text: Hollis walks over and picks up the cell phone
speaker_heading: HOLLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (back into the phone)
dialog: Meet me at my office?
scene_heading: INT. DETECTIVE MACKIE'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Hollis looks at a picture of Sharon (which is now ina
text: plastic evidence bag). Campbell sits across the desk.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: You always open your mail four
dialog: days after you get it?
text: Campbell tosses Hollis the second picture (also in
dialog: plastic).
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: No, sometimes it takes up to two
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: I guess that answers any
dialog: question we might of had whether
dialog: the two cases were related. Oh,
dialog: boy, my first serial.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Glad your having fun with this.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Are you kidding? He's sending
dialog: us pictures, Campbell! Call Bob
dialog: Barker! It's a fucking game
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (moving on)
dialog: Strangled with piano wire?
text: Victim was partially unclothed
dialog: but the swabs all came back
dialog: negative?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Exactly. No touchy, no feely.
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: His last known alias is David
dialog: Allen Griffin. We attribute at
dialog: least 11 homicides to him. I
dialog: worked him for three and half
dialog: years. In L.A. All I ever got
text: was a cast on a pair of nine and
dialog: half Nikes.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: In L.A.? What the hell's he
dialog: doing in Chicago?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Killing people, looks like.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (holding up the
dialog: picture)
dialog: He ever come after you before?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: No, he's never sent pictures or
dialog: contacted me directly before.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: So it's not necessarily the same
dialog: guy?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Are you seri-? He sent mea
dialog: picture and then killed her in
dialog: my own fucking building.
dialog: (snapping in his face)
dialog: Try to keep the pace, man, this
dialog: is serious.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (whistles)
text: Three and half and a pair of
dialog: Nikes, huh?
dialog: (Campbell stands)
dialog: Bureau's involved now, I assume?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Safe assumption.
text: Campbell stands up.
scene_heading: F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Campbell walks down a long corridor led by MIKE IBBY (44,
dialog: African American).
speaker_heading: IBBY
dialog: I just got off the phone with
dialog: your ex-boss in L.A. He sends
dialog: his best.
text: Campbell doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: IBBY (CONT'D)
dialog: He told me you were a good
dialog: agent. Great instincts. Told
dialog: me you know this animal better
dialog: than anyone else.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: It's not my job anymore.
speaker_heading: IBBY
dialog: He and I both think maybe it
dialog: should be. We're setting up a
dialog: task force with Chicago P.D.
dialog: I'd like you to lead it from our
dialog: end. We can reactivate-
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (stopping in his
dialog: tracks)
dialog: The field office in L.A. has the
dialog: relevant files. I can't tell
dialog: you anything that's not in them.
dialog: Have a nice day.
text: Campbell turns to walk away just as AGENT MITCH CASPER
text: (young, almost boyish-looking) exits his office.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: (ignoring Campbell, to
dialog: Ibby)
dialog: We got several sets of prints
text: from the Fed-Ex envelope.
text: Campbell half turns around as he walks out.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: You can run ‘em but you're going
dialog: to get the delivery boy, the
dialog: receptionist, three guys from
dialog: the warehouse, Santa Clause,
dialog: everyone but him. You're going
dialog: to have to do much better than
dialog: that.
text: Ibby and Mitch look at Campbell, vaguely annoyed at his
text: comment. Campbell turns and walks out.
scene_heading: INT. SNAP! 1HR. PHOTO - AFTERNOON
text: Snap! 1HR. PHOTO is a small store in a very busy indoor
text: shopping mall, though the store itself is deserted.
text: ELLIE (24, mousy), sits behind the counter making faces
text: into a Sony Digital Video camera that broadcasts her
text: image onto several monitors in the store.
text: She sticks out her tongue; blows a bubble; makes a fish
text: face, etc., clearly bored.
scene_heading: INT. FOX PAVILION SHOPPING MALL - AFTERNOON
text: Dozens of shoppers cross this way and that, no one paying
text: attention to the others. After a moment, we see Griffin,
text: making his way toward Snap.
scene_heading: INT. SNAP! 1HR. PHOTO - AFTERNOON
text: Griffin walks in and catches Ellie making faces. She
text: smiles apologetically.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: That's quite alright. You
dialog: looked adorable.
text: Ellie blushes. Griffin walks up to a display and pulls a
text: roll of Kodak film off the rack.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: This new Kodak film stock, it
dialog: says it's for exterior sunshine,
dialog: but how's it handle
dialog: Fluorescents?
text: Ellie shrugs and throws up her hands.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (laughing at herself)
dialog: I'm sorry, I have no idea what
dialog: you're talking about.
dialog: (shrugs again)
dialog: I just work here.
text: Griffin smiles at her and looks up at the ceiling:
text: Fluorescent lighting.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Do you guys process here, as
dialog: well?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Yeah. One hour.
text: Griffin tears open the film and picks up a display camera
text: on the counter. He opens the back of the camera.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: May I?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Sure, but what are you doing?
text: Once the film is loaded, he raises the camera and points
text: it at Ellie.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I'm going to test it out.
text: He clicks a picture of her. She laughs.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll shoot a few pictures and
dialog: you can process them for me.
text: He clicks another picture of her. She laughs again, this
text: time making a face at his camera. He clicks another.
text: She's clearly enjoying the attention. He clicks several
dialog: more.
scene_heading: INT. POLLY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Campbell, looking more and more haggard and distraught
text: each time we see him, sits across from Polly in her posh
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: You're a young man, do you plan
dialog: to live on disability your whole
dialog: life?
text: Campbell holds out his arms and surveys himself,
text: implicitly inviting her to do the same.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I take 150 milligrams of seconal
dialog: so I can sleep two and half
dialog: hours a night. You want lives
dialog: in my hands? Acebutolol and
dialog: benazepril for blood pressure, I
dialog: self inject migrainol and
dialog: imitrex for migrain -
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: You're simply afraid-
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I go places and forget why I'm
dialog: there. I miss exits on the
dialog: freeway. You want lives in my
dialog: hands? I'm lucky to find my way
text: home from the grocery store.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: You're simply afraid that you'll
dialog: make another bad judgment that
dialog: you won't forgive yourself for
dialog: and you're avoid-
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (almost shouting)
dialog: Absolutely! I'm avoiding that
dialog: situation. No, I don't trust
dialog: myself. Would you?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Then why do you come here?
dialog: What's the point of these
dialog: sessions? Are you trying to get
dialog: well so you can get out on the
dialog: golf course next spring?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
text: If the next picture that arrives
dialog: were of your daughter would you
dialog: really want me to be the one
dialog: looking for her? Would you
dialog: really?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (thinks for a beat)
dialog: Yes. Yes I would.
text: He stands up, unwilling to listen, and heads for the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: POLLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't walk out now. This is
dialog: exactly what you want. You have
dialog: to admit that. Right now is the
dialog: time.
text: He slams the door in her face. She throws her note down
text: in exasperation.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Campbell sits watching footage of the crime scene on the
text: late news. A reporter stands outside Ellie's house.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER
text: The harrowing search came to a
text: tragic end at about 9:20 p.m.
dialog: when police discovered the body
dialog: of Ellie Buchner at her Wicker
dialog: Park home.
text: Campbell punches the remote and the screen goes to black.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAY COLONIAL STYLE HOUSE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Campbell (younger, clean-shaven) walks up to the front
text: porch of the house, careful not to be seen or heard.
text: He peers under the blinds into a window. Through the
text: thick leaded glass his POV is distorted. A figure moves
text: in the living room.
text: Several candles provide the only light in the room.
text: Campbell pulls away and looks through another window,
text: trying to get a better idea of what's happening.
text: From the second window he can see a woman bound and
text: gagged. His breath quickens. He stands and kicks the
dialog: front door in and-
text: -WAKES UP SUDDENLY IN HIS LIVING ROOM
text: Campbell sits up in his EZ chair, apparently having
text: fallen asleep in the chair. It's daylight. He looks at
dialog: the clock: 6:40.
scene_heading: EXT. PSYCHIATRIST OFFICE - MORNING
text: Campbell walks down the sidewalk. P OV from someone
text: following him a few feet behind.
text: Campbell heads toward the front door of Polly's building.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIST'S OFFICE, LOBBY DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: Campbell crosses the polished granite floor of the
text: expansive lobby and heads toward a bank of elevators. He
text: chooses an elevator and enters.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Campbell punches his floor and leans against the wall.
text: The door starts to close but at the last second opens
dialog: again.
text: Griffin steps in. Griffin punches the same floor as
text: Campbell and the two ride in silence, not looking at each
text: other. Campbell yawns. He looks rather haggard froma
dialog: night of little sleep.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Long night?
text: Campbell nods. They ride up the rest of the way in
dialog: silence.
scene_heading: EXT. POLLY'S FLOOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campbell steps into the hallway and Griffin steps out
text: behind him. Campbell walks down the hallway, Griffin
text: right behind him. He comes to a fork in the hallway and
text: takes the left corridor.
text: Campbell follows. Griffin grins.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Are you following me?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I could ask you the same
dialog: question.
text: They share a small laugh and keep heading down the
text: hallway soon arriving at Polly's door.
text: Campbell slows and for instant it seems as if Griffin is
text: going to stop too but he doesn't. He walks down the hall
text: and Campbell ducks inside.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIST OFFICE - LATER
text: Campbell sits fidgeting in a chair across from Polly.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I don't have time to be here but I appreciate what you
dialog: said last week and didn't want you to think that I was
dialog: walking away for the wrong reason.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: How have the headaches been?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: About the same.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Are you sleeping?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Some.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: How's work?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: It's great. I'm getting so
dialog: popular, I've got murders
dialog: requesting me by name.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Let's talk about that. How are
dialog: you making sense of this man
dialog: following you here? Is ita
dialog: vendetta?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I don't think vengeance has
dialog: anything to do with it. There's
dialog: a story, a ritual, in this, that
dialog: he follows. Over the years, I
dialog: became part of the story. It
dialog: didn't make sense without me.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: In other words, he missed you.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Odd isn't it?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: I don't know. Did you miss him?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Well the description you just
dialog: gave could apply to you, don't
dialog: you think?
text: Campbell is taken aback, unsure if he's ready to concede
text: her this point. After a moment, his phone rings.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Campbell.
speaker_heading: MITCH (0.S.)
dialog: Got a match on the prints.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I'll be right there.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Campbell, Ibby, and Mitch sit in Campbell's office.
text: Campbell reads from a file folder. Mitch looks wrecked.
dialog: He's been here all night.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Norton Inglert. Vagrancy 1987.
dialog: Vagrancy 1991. I.Q. estimated
dialog: at below eight zero which makes
dialog: him officially... not Griffin.
speaker_heading: IBBY
dialog: Let's pick him up. You got a
dialog: last known address?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Yeah, a by-the-hour-motel where
dialog: he stayed eight years ago.
dialog: Mitch get some sleep. Diana,
dialog: you wanna ride?
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S CAR - AFTERNOON
text: Campbell drives; Diana sits in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: The report came in from the
dialog: camera shop. Lots of prints
text: everywhere. The lab's running
dialog: them to see if anything
text: interesting turns up.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: It won't. He’d have been more
dialog: careful than that. If he
dialog: touched anything he’d have wiped
dialog: it clean. Anyone see anything?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Nope. There was one fun bit,
dialog: though. He filled out the
dialog: photo-order with your name and
dialog: address.
text: Campbell cringes. She smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. DINGY MOTEL, DOWNTOWN - LATER
text: A disaffected clerk sits smoking behind the counter
text: watching TV. CU on the TV as a day-time
text: TALKSHOW HOST stands in front three GUESTS.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: There's five million people in
dialog: this city! How can nobody have
dialog: known this poor girl? How can
dialog: this happen in the age of
dialog: communication with emails, fax,
dialog: phones-
speaker_heading: GUEST #1
dialog: (pompous )
dialog: On the contrary, Maggie. It
dialog: could have only have happened in
dialog: this age. These tools of
dialog: communication allow us to
dialog: function as a society with less
dialog: and less real human interaction.
text: Campbell and Diana enter. The clerk doesn't even look
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (showing a photo)
dialog: Surprise me. Tell me, that
text: Norton Inglert still stays here.
speaker_heading: MOTEL CLERK
dialog: (glance at the photo)
dialog: Norton Inglert. Nope.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Would fifty bucks make him more
dialog: likely to be here?
speaker_heading: MOTEL CLERK
dialog: For fifty bucks I'd tell you
dialog: Elvis' got a room by the pool
dialog: and gives a free concert
dialog: Thursday nights but that don't
dialog: make it so.
text: He turns back to the TV.
speaker_heading: GUEST #2 (0.S.)
dialog: I couldn't agree more with Don.
dialog: A hundred years ago, she would
dialog: have been living in a single
dialog: structure with her parents,
dialog: brothers and sisters, cousins...
text: Back to the TV. Campbell and Diana split.
speaker_heading: HOST
dialog: That's true, but I tell you
dialog: what, it still irks me!
text: (then pointing to the
dialog: camera and smiling)
dialog: Next, after this, we take your
dialog: calls! We have hundreds of
dialog: calls waiting and we'll see how
dialog: Many we can get through!
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S CAR - AFTERNOON
text: Campbell drives with Diana. His phone rings.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Campbell.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: What up 'C'? I found your
dialog: retard.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: I'll meet you. Off the record,
dialog: though. Just me and you. My
dialog: guy's still undercover.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT - NIGHT
text: Campbell and Hollis stand on the dock with JACK FRAY (35,
text: long hair, leather jacket).
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So check it out. Last year we
dialog: were getting close to the
dialog: Russians. We nailed this
text: asshole with a pocket of rocks
dialog: and next thing we know he's a
dialog: first class U.S. citizen. He
dialog: gives up everyone he knows and
dialog: makes up a few others for
dialog: effect.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So most of them are worthless.
dialog: We haven't even used them.
dialog: Don't want to blow our own
dialog: cover. But one of the names was
dialog: a retard name of Norton they
dialog: used as a drug mule.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: You got an address?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not on the mule, but here's the
dialog: rat.
text: He hands Campbell a folder. He
dialog: snaps it back.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You understand if this gets on
dialog: the street we could lose lives?
text: Campbell nods and takes the folder.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Stanislaw Mikahailovich.
dialog: Possession. On Probation.
dialog: Current address 859 West
dialog: Washington.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Be careful, boys. He's a pussy.
dialog: But he's a crazy pussy.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPBELL'S CAR - LATER
text: Campbell and Hollis step quietly from Campbell's car.
text: The guys gaze across and up the street at a dark house
text: with six-foot weeds in the yard and plywood over the
dialog: windows.
scene_heading: EXT. STANISLAW'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campbell and Hollis stalk quietly up to the front door.
text: Campbell kneels to the left of the door, Hollis to the
text: right. Campbell nods. Hollis bangs loudly on the front
text: door. Hollis bangs again and leans back down away from
text: the door.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: (strong Russian
dialog: accent)
dialog: Who is it!?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Police! Open the door.
dialog: (then as an aside to
dialog: Campbell)
dialog: Oh, sorry, Campbell.
dialog: (shouting again)
dialog: The F.B.I. is here too!
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: What you want?!
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: We're selling tickets to the
text: Policeman's ball, douche bag.
text: BLAM! BLAM! Campbell hits the porch when the door
text: partially disintegrates as Stanislaw blasts two rounds
text: through it. Hollis shrugs, stands up, and kicks the rest
text: of the door in. Campbell makes a circle with his index
text: finger, and slinks off the porch.
scene_heading: INT. STANISLAW'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: It's pitch black. Hollis walks inside.
text: BLAM! BLAM! The house lights up as someone unloads from
text: down the hallway. Hollis doesn't even bother to duck.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Okay, asshole. Stop shooting.
dialog: You can't even see me. How
dialog: you're going shoot me?
text: BLAM! The house flashes brightly again. Hollis walks
text: down the hall, right towards the gunman.
speaker_heading: BLAM! BLAM!
speaker_heading: HOLLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Cut that shit out or I'm gonna
dialog: shoot your ass.
text: BLAM! Click. The sound of the hammer against loud
text: footsteps can be heard rustling around the back of the
text: house as the guy makes a run for it. Hollis runs through
text: the rest of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. STANISLAW'S HOUSE, BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Hollis bursts out the back door just in time to see
text: Stanislaw fly end-over-end as Campbell clunks him in the
text: shin with a two-by-four. Hollis laughs heartily.
scene_heading: INT. STANISLAW'S LIVING ROOM - LATER
text: Campbell and Hollis interrogate Stanislaw who sits cuffed
text: to a dinette chair in the middle of his living room. He
text: sits in his boxer shorts. Hollis holds a fat copy of the
dialog: Chicago white pages.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (casually)
dialog: 500 North Carmine Avenue? Is
dialog: that it?
speaker_heading: STANISLAW
dialog: (heavy accent)
dialog: You can't just come in here when
dialog: you want to whenever! I have
dialog: immunity! So fuck you!
text: Hollis flips the book closed and thumps Stanislaw back
text: and forth across the face with it a couple times -- not
text: too hard, just enough to shut him up and get his
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Listen, Standi- Stamis-, uh,
dialog: listen, Coleslaw, we know the
dialog: address is in here.
dialog: (he opens the book again)
dialog: And we're going to stay right
dialog: here until you tell it to us.
dialog: 5789 Rountree Drive? That it?
speaker_heading: STANISLAW
dialog: Fuck off.
text: Thump. Thump. Thump. Stanislaw's eyes dart around as
text: the intimidation sets in. He looks like an unwilling
text: participant in a Three Stooges skit. Thump. Thump.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (again looking at the
dialog: book)
dialog: 413 Broadway?
text: Stanislaw hesitates. Thump. Thump. Thump.
text: Campbell laughs, then suddenly picks Stanislaw up and
text: shoves him against the wall.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: "From each according to his
dialog: ability, to each according to
dialog: his needs.' You understand
dialog: that? Isn't that Kremlin
dialog: rhetoric? Now you see, we need
dialog: some information and you have
dialog: the ability to give it to us.
speaker_heading: STANISLAW
dialog: (giving up)
dialog: Okay, okay. Alright, here it
dialog: is, alright? He used to work at
dialog: a fucking laundry mat, alright?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: STANISLAW
text: On East Elm near the lake,
dialog: alright? Near the fucking lake.
dialog: Whatta I give a shit about some
dialog: fucking retard?
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - MORNING
text: The sun rises over the cityscape.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUNDROMAT, ALLEY WAY - MORNING
text: Two unmarked cop cars pull up to the rear entrance of the
text: laundromat. There's a truck parked at the back door and
text: its cargo door and the back door to the laundromat are
dialog: open.
text: Plainclothes COPS step out of the car and loiter nearby,
text: waiting. Campbell and Hollis walk casually up to the
dialog: door.
text: As they approach, the OWNER walks out from the back
text: carrying an enormous canvas bag of laundry on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: LAUNDROMAT OWNER
dialog: (dropping the bag)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (showing badge)
dialog: Special Agent Campbell, F.B.I.
dialog: This is Lieutenant Mackie,
dialog: Chicago Police.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (showing a picture)
dialog: Does Norton Inglert still work
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: LAUNDROMAT OWNER
dialog: Yes he does and he's a good kid.
dialog: I don't know what-
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Do you have an address?
speaker_heading: LAUNDROMAT OWNER
dialog: Of course, but he's a good kid.
dialog: Whatever it is you guys-
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: The address? Now.
text: The owner turns to walk inside.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUNDROMAT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Hollis stands talking on his car radio. Campbell stands
text: within earshot. Hollis reads from a small note pad.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
text: 4240 Crossbend Avenue. Surveil
dialog: only! Do not go inside!
dialog: Surveil only! Nobody inside
dialog: until I get there.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIST'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Polly sits at her desk talking to a patient.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Usually, Mr. Abraham, I do an
dialog: introductory session where we
dialog: explore what you hope to get out
dialog: of therapy. If we both feel
dialog: like I'm the person to provide
dialog: that for you then we'll decide
text: on a schedule together.
text: Cut back to reveal that it is Griffin that she's talking
dialog: to.
text: She sets the tape recorder between them. Griffin takes
text: note of the recorder.
speaker_heading: POLLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I like to record my sessions.
dialog: But if you prefer for me not to-
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Is that something that you do
dialog: with all of your patients?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: With most. Do you prefer that I
dialog: don't?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: No. I'd rather you not.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Okay.... that's fine.
text: She puts the recorder away.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTON'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campbell arrives and jumps out. The place is surrounded
text: with COPS and Norton is already in custody, sitting
text: handcuffed and very frightened in the back seat of a
text: cruiser. The car is about to pull away. Campbell runs
text: toward it, flagging it down.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Hey! Hey! What the fu-
text: The DETECTIVE IN CHARGE jumps in the way.
scene_heading: DETECTIVE IN CHARGE
dialog: (getting in his face)
dialog: Who the hell are you?
text: Campbell shoves the detective out of his way and he
text: slips, falling to one knee. He pops back up angrily and
text: shoves Campbell. They eye each other dangerously.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Hey! Hey! Back the fuck up!
dialog: We're on TV here people.
text: He points to a camera crew and reporter that have just
text: arrived, camera rolling.
scene_heading: DETECTIVE IN CHARGE
dialog: (dismissively)
dialog: I had to make a decision,
text: Lieutenant, he was on the move.
dialog: I had to make a decision.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Bullshit. The only decision you
dialog: made was whether or not to be a
dialog: hero in the biggest case this
dialog: city's seen in decades and we
dialog: know which way you came out on
dialog: that, you fucking prick.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (still holding them apart)
dialog: Campbell, let's go to the
dialog: district office, you can talk to
dialog: him there.
scene_heading: DETECTIVE IN CHARGE
dialog: (laughing, cocky)
dialog: There's not much left to talk
dialog: about. Franklin found a shirt
text: with blood on the sleeves and
dialog: the fucking loony couldn't
dialog: confess fast enough. You should
dialog: of seen it, Hollis, he's
text: blabbing away and I'm in his
text: face trying to read his Mirandas
dialog: fast enough to use the Goddamn
dialog: confession.
text: Campbell and Hollis turn and walk away.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIATRIST'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Griffin continues his session with Polly.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: You said you felt like you might
dialog: need help. In what area?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I'm not sure. What kind of help
dialog: do you provide?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Ahhhhhhh. Well, I work with
dialog: patients on many different
dialog: issues-
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I don't like when you say
dialog: "issues'. It just bothers me.
dialog: Don't do that.
dialog: (she's taken aback by
dialog: this)
dialog: Do you think some of your
dialog: patients might pay to come see
dialog: you because you're very pretty?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (trying to regain
dialog: control)
dialog: Mr. Abraham let's try to keep
dialog: focused on you rather than me...
text: It is clear that she does not like her newest patient.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Campbell sits across from Norton, who is quite scared.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Norton, I know that you're
dialog: afraid, but I'm trying to help
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: (growing more upset)
dialog: Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Why don't you tell me what
dialog: you're sorry for? Did you hurt
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: I looked at her.
text: Norton grows very shy.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Norton, did she see you look at
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: How'd the blood get on your
dialog: sleeves, Norton? Did you touch
dialog: her?
scene_heading: EXT. ROOM ADJACENT TO THE INTERROGATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Hollis and several OTHERS are watching from behind the
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Did you hurt her when you
dialog: touched her?
speaker_heading: NORTON
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Did she scream or tell you to
dialog: stop touching her?
speaker_heading: NORTON
text: No. She was asleep.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (to the mirror)
dialog: Impressive work, guys. Norton,
dialog: listen to me. You're not going
dialog: to be in trouble anymore.
text: Norton doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Norton, did you see someone else
dialog: hurt her? Did you see someone
dialog: else at the apartment?
text: After a long moment, Norton nods his head 'yes'.
text: Campbell sits up excitedly.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, Norton, I want to play a
dialog: little game with you now, okay?
dialog: We're going to try to drawa
dialog: picture of the man you saw.
text: Just then JACKSON (the D.A.) and MENDEL (a defense
text: attorney) burst into the interrogation room with Hollis
text: and two UNIFORMS at their heels.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: This interrogation is over!
text: Campbell stands. Norton cowers away from the commotion.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: I'm his attorney.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: It wasn't an interrogation to
dialog: begin with. Hollis, we gotta
dialog: get a sketch artist in here. He
dialog: saw the guy.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: No we don't 'gotta' do anything.
dialog: (to the uniforms)
dialog: Escort this man back to his
dialog: cell.
text: The cops grab Norton by the arms and lift him out his
dialog: chair.
dialog: No,
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: no, no. He may have seen
dialog: the guy kill her. He'sa
dialog: peeping Tom, that's all. He
dialog: must of touched her body. For
dialog: Godsakes, I'm trying to help him
dialog: here.
dialog: Oh,
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: we're sure you are, Agent
dialog: Campbell. And we appreciate
dialog: that.
text: Campbell looks to Hollis who shrugs. Norton has already
text: been led out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
dialog: Campbell and
text: Hollis stand outside the district office.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Let me talk to his lawyer. I
dialog: know a guy who knows a guy that
dialog: can put some pressure.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Get me a fucking sketch of this
dialog: guy and we can nail him! Do not
dialog: let this disappear.
text: Campbell turns and walks away, disgusted.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO
dialog: A young girl
dialog: heavy boots,
dialog: stamping her
scene_heading: STREET - NIGHT
text: (JESSICA) wearing a very dirty army jacket,
dialog: and other punk-rock accessories stands
text: feet against the cold on a busy sidewalk
text: bumming change.
text: She approaches several PASSERSBY all of whom ignore her.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Excuse me, spare some change for
dialog: a room? It's cold tonight....
dialog: Sir... Ma'am I didn't sell
dialog: enough girl scout cookies and...
dialog: Dad! Don't you recognize me.
dialog: It's me!
text: Her hopes deflate. Another PASSERBY approaches.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, spare some change?
text: Cutting to her POV reveals that Griffin is the passerby.
text: He doesn't answer but he stops.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (CONT'D)
dialog: Spare some change, mister?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (disarmingly direct)
dialog: What are you doing out here?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (very girlish)
dialog: Spanging. Spare changing.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Don't you have a job or
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Yeah, right. And I can buy the
dialog: fuckin station wagons full of
dialog: screaming kids? Fuck that very
dialog: much. The revolution's coming.
dialog: You wait.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Well, I very much doubt that.
dialog: But I do admire your ideals.
dialog: Somehow when you get older they
text: all seem to just go away.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Yeah, whatever. So can you
dialog: spare 'some change or what?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Only if you dance with me.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (laughing, surprised)
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I'm serious.
text: He holds his hand out to her. She smiles and blushes, a
text: very young girl again.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
text: There's no music.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I'll hum for us.
text: He begins humming out the rhythm. She takes his arms and
text: he leads her through a few steps.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: You better give me some money.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I will.
text: She stops suddenly, laughing too hard to continue.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I can't. I can't. Just give me
dialog: some money.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (laughing with her)
dialog: You can. C'mon.
text: He starts humming again. She takes his hands with a
text: laugh and they dance again.
scene_heading: INT. POLLY'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: A form moves across the moonlit window. A moment later a
text: flashlight pops on.
text: POV, lit by the flashlight, as a file cabinet drawer
text: slides open. As a hand rifles through the files. He
text: gets to 'Joel Campbell' and pulls the file. He opens
text: another drawer and pulls Campbell's tapes, carefully
text: replacing the plastic covers so that from a casual
text: glimpse that don't appear to be missing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: a dark room, the only light from a photocopier repeatedly
text: coping pages, the light eerily creating an intermittent
dialog: silhouette.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - MORNING
text: A wide shot of the cityscape.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Campbell sits behind his desk looking through the crime
text: scene photos and other evidence.
text: After a few seconds, one of the overhead florescent
text: lights begins to flicker.
text: Immediately, Campbell covers both eyes and cowers from
dialog: the light.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Somebody give me a hand! Can
dialog: somebody turn out the light in
dialog: here for a minute!?
text: No answer. Campbell stands up, his eyes still closed.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: Can someone grab this light for
dialog: me!?
text: After another couple seconds, Campbell loses it. He
text: jerks the keyboard of his commuter free from the desk and
text: hurls it overhead into the bank of fluorescents, sending
text: glass and the keyboard crashing back down with a great
text: clatter.
text: Hearing the commotion, Diana runs into his office.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (keyboard in hand)
dialog: Sorry to disturb. Flickering
text: lights trigger migraines faster
dialog: than anything else.
text: He tosses the keyboard onto the desk casually. She
text: shakes her head and shrugs.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Great to have you around,
dialog: Campbell. Adds great color.
text: Campbell's secretary pops her head in his office behind
dialog: Diana.
scene_heading: CAMPBELL'S SECRETARY
dialog: Agent Campbell? This came for
dialog: you a few minutes ago.
text: He turns to look at her. She holds up a Fed-ex envelope.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL'S SECRETARY (CONT'D)
dialog: (clueless)
dialog: Do you want it?
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S OFFICE - LATER
text: Campbell, Ibby, Mitch, and Diana stand in front of
text: another gallery of posters - extreme closeups of every
text: inch of the frame. Almost everything is out of focus
text: except for her face.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: These are just blown straight
dialog: up. They're trying to pull some
dialog: of this shit into better focus.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
text: This is shot with a long lens to
dialog: get the shallow depth of field
dialog: which is going to make it hard.
dialog: He's trying to give us as little
dialog: context as possible.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It's working.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: At least this one's outside.
dialog: Where is she sitting? Let's
dialog: start there. Get someone from
dialog: the city in here. Let's see if
dialog: they recognize the sidewalk or
dialog: the parking meter or anything
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I'm on it.
text: Campbell looks closely at a shot of a tattoo on her
dialog: forearm.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Mitch, put a picture in every
dialog: tattoo parlor in Chicago.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Got it.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS, PRESS ROOM - LATER
text: Again, Hollis addresses the PRESS. This time, however,
text: there are more than a hundred REPORTERS and
scene_heading: PHOTOGRAPHERS.
speaker_heading: AGGRESSIVE REPORTER
dialog: Would you say that the arrival
dialog: of the photo calls into question
dialog: the arrest the department has-
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (on edge)
dialog: -the arrest was based on very
dialog: strong evidence and our
dialog: department stands by it. If it
text: turns out that the killer is
dialog: still at large then we obviously
dialog: will release the suspect as
dialog: quickly as is feasible.
text: Several reporters blurt questions.
scene_heading: INT. F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS - LATER
text: The row of young agents settle into their chairs in front
dialog: of bank of phones.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL NEWS ROOM - LATER
text: The daytime ANCHORWOMAN addresses the camera. Jessica's
text: picture is on the screen above her shoulder.
speaker_heading: ANCHORWOMAN
dialog: Police released this photograph
dialog: just moments ago. This woman
text: appears to be the next target in
dialog: this horrifying game of cat and
dialog: mouse.
text: MONTAGE. SHOTS OF VARIOUS CITIZENS WATCHING THE NEWS.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - LATER
text: Jessica sits in the doorway of a condemned building
text: chatting with a young KID with a skateboard about her
dialog: age.
speaker_heading: SKATER
dialog: Watch, watch check it out.
text: The skater tries a trick on his skateboard, busting his
text: ass with great flare. Jessica laughs hysterically.
speaker_heading: SKATER (CONT'D)
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: What are you laughing at?
dialog: That's the trick. You know how
dialog: long it took me to learn that
dialog: for you?
text: Jessica laughs again.
scene_heading: INT. F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS - LATER
text: A TECH sits in front of a twenty-inch computer screen on
text: which one section of the photo has been blown up. As
text: Campbell and company watch, the photo slowly comes into
text: clearer focus.
text: RACHEL (from city planning) looks over his shoulder. She
text: points to the base of a street lamp.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
text: Looks like she's sitting next to
text: an old cast-iron street lamp.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Which puts her where?
text: She turns and pushes open a grid-map of the city and
text: takes a magic-marker and draws a fairly large rectangle.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
text: Somewhere in the old town area.
dialog: A lot of territory.
text: Campbell looks disappointed.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - LATER
text: Close on a stack of newspapers next to a sidewalk
text: newsstand. Jessica's face is on the cover.
text: Pull back and track down the street a few dozen feet and
text: reveal Jessica panhandling in her usual spot. No one
text: even looks at her.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Dad! It's me, don't you
dialog: recognize me? I had the plastic
dialog: surg-
dialog: (the guy keeps
dialog: walking)
dialog: -Hey, man, can I bum a smoke?
dialog: (a second guy shakes
dialog: his head)
dialog: Then how bout a few bucks for a
dialog: pack?
dialog: (he keeps walking)
dialog: Hi! Spare some change, I'm-
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - AFTERNOON
text: Griffin sits in a plastic lawn chair wearing a bathing
text: suit, headphones, and sunglasses.
speaker_heading: POLLY (0.S.)
dialog: (from the walkman)
dialog: In other words, he missed you.
dialog: Just like you missed him.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (0.S.)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: POLLY (0.S.)
dialog: Well the description you just
dialog: gave could apply to you, don't
dialog: you think?
text: Griffin smiles and pushes rewind then play again.
speaker_heading: POLLY (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: -description you just gave could
dialog: apply to you, don't you think?
scene_heading: INT. WOMAN'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: WANDA (57) has a hammer in one hand, nails in her mouth,
text: and a large glass framed inspirational poster in her hand
text: which she's attempting to hang by herself. '
text: On the TV behind her we HEAR a CNN special report.
speaker_heading: CNN REPORTER (0.S.)
dialog: It appears that the murders may
dialog: be linked to a serial killer in
dialog: the Los Angeles area.
text: CU of the TV screen. A photo of Jessica fills the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: CNN REPORTER (0.S.)(CONT’D)
text: At this point, the woman police
dialog: are calling "Jane Two" has not
dialog: yet been located and all those
dialog: involved are very concerned
dialog: about her well being.
text: Wanda turns around and sees Jessica on the television and
text: drops the poster, sending glass shattering across the
dialog: living room.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S OFFICE - LATER
text: Campbell peruses the photo one last time with the
text: magnifying glass. He stops and holds his view for a beat
text: on a black mesh trash receptor of the same black and
text: chrome design as the chair Jessica sits in.
text: Ibby rushes into the office. Everyone looks up.
speaker_heading: IBBY
dialog: We got Jane’s mother on the
dialog: phone!
scene_heading: EXT. F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Three F.B.I. vehicles (including Campbell's car) race out
text: of the gates and onto the street.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN CHICAGO - LATER
text: The vehicles race toward Wanda's two-story Victorian
text: home. The house is surrounded by local police cars.
text: Campbell, Mitch, and Diana run toward the front door.
text: Wanda's hysterical screaming can be heard.
scene_heading: INT. WANDA'S FOYER/LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Campbell takes in the scene: three COPS, several
text: NEIGHBORS, and WANDA'S SISTER surround Wanda, who sobs
text: hysterically, and mumbles a PRAYER.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (taking over the scene)
dialog: Mrs. Stendhal, I'm Agent Joel
dialog: Campbell with the F.B.I.
text: Wanda continues to sob.
speaker_heading: WANDA’S SISTER
dialog: She doesn't know anything!
dialog: Can't you see what kinda shape
dialog: she's in-
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I can see that but if we don't
dialog: find her daughter she's-
speaker_heading: WANDA’S SISTER
dialog: (almost screaming)
dialog: She doesn't know anything!
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: What do you mean she doesn’t
dialog: know anything?
speaker_heading: WANDA’S SISTER
dialog: Jessica ran away almost two
dialog: years ago. We don't know where
dialog: she is.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (takes a breath)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: WANDA’S SISTER
dialog: I’m the girl's aunt. Wanda's
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (to the cops)
dialog: Hey! Clear everyone else out of
dialog: the house. Let's get some quiet
dialog: in here right now.
dialog: (to the sister)
dialog: Help me with her for a few
dialog: minutes and then we'll leave her
dialog: alone. Deal? Sit with her.
text: Campbell turns to Mitch.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT’D)
dialog: Start with outreach programs for
dialog: runaways. Get them her picture.
dialog: Where do teen runaways hang out?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Broadway and Belmont area.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Get everyone you can down there
dialog: with her picture. Start with CD
dialog: shops, convenience stores, video
dialog: arcades, fast food joints,
dialog: anywhere else kids would go and
text: then fan out from there.
text: He turns back to Wanda, who still sobs. He
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT’D)
dialog: Mrs. Stendhal? I know that no
dialog: one wants us to find Jessica
dialog: more than you do, but in order
dialog: for that to happen, you're going
dialog: to have to help us out.
text: kneels with
text: She just continues to sob. He sighs.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT’D)
dialog: (to the sister)
dialog: Okay, listen, spend a few
dialog: minutes with her. Calm her
dialog: down. Can I take a look at
dialog: Jessica's room?
scene_heading: INT. CIRCUIT CITY - LATER
text: Jessica's face is plastered across 40 television screens
text: at Circuit City. The nighttime ANCHORMAN'S VOICE booms
text: through the store.
speaker_heading: ANCHORMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Jessica Stendhal. That is this
text: young woman's name. She is
dialog: sixteen years old and thought to
dialog: be living somewhere in Chicago.
dialog: Police have located the young
dialog: woman's mother but unfortunately
dialog: they have not located Jessica.
scene_heading: INT. JESSICA’S ROOM - LATER
text: Campbell and Diana stand somberly in Jessica's room,
text: rifling through Jessica's belongings, which Wanda has
text: left untouched.
text: The walls are covered with posters, magazine cutouts,
text: etc. Campbell notes a 'Tony Hawk' skateboard poster as
text: well as posters for 'The Offspring', 'Hole', and others.
text: He notes a light blue Fender Stratocaster electric
text: guitar. On the table are several issues of 'Thrasher
dialog: Magazine' (a skateboard magazine).
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Make a couple calls for me. Get
text: a picture to every skateboard
dialog: shop and park and the guitar
dialog: shops close to Belmont and
dialog: Broadway. I'm going to look for
dialog: her letters and-
speaker_heading: WANDA (0.S.)
dialog: There aren’t any.
text: Campbell and Diana turn to see Wanda and her sister in
text: the doorway. Wanda's calmed somewhat.
speaker_heading: WANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: She never wrote anybody. She
dialog: did call two or three times
dialog: after she disappeared.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Did she say where she was
dialog: calling from?
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: She wouldn't tell us anything.
dialog: She always wanted to talk to the
dialog: damn dog. She'd make me put the
dialog: phone up to it and she'd coo and
dialog: make baby-talk.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Can you remember anything at all
dialog: about those calls? Anything
dialog: might help.
speaker_heading: WANDA
dialog: What does it matter? It's all
text: lies anyway. She's on drugs.
dialog: We did what we could.
text: She begins to sob again. Her sister pats her shoulder.
speaker_heading: WANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: She said all kinds of things. I
dialog: never knew what to believe. She
text: had a new boyfriend. A lawyer.
dialog: Yeah right! She called once to
dialog: say she had a job at the
text: Starbucks.
text: Campbell looks at a clock on the wall. 5:10.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S CAR/HOLLIS’ OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campbell races through traffic. The sun is just
text: beginning to disappear behind the horizon. He talks to
text: Hollis on the cell-phone.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Bad news. She does not work nor
dialog: has she ever worked for
text: Starbucks.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Goddamnit! That can't be right.
dialog: Look at the picture, Hollis.
text: She's sitting at a coffee shop.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (looking at the photo)
dialog: I don't know. Just looks like a
dialog: chair to me. Could be anywhere.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Look at the trash can next to
dialog: her
text: Hollis looks at the wire mesh trash can.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT’D)
dialog: See what's in it? White paper
text: cups. She's sitting ata
dialog: fucking Starbucks.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (standing)
dialog: I'll see what I can do.
text: Hollis opens the map of the city.
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS DOWNTOWN - EVENING
text: A YOUNG COP shows the STAFF behind the counter a picture
dialog: of Jessica.
speaker_heading: YOUNG COP
dialog: Her name is Jessica Stendhal.
dialog: Are you sure you haven't seen
dialog: her?
text: The kids all shake their heads.
scene_heading: INT. DIFFERENT STARBUCKS - NIGHT
text: Another COP shows a picture of Jessica.
scene_heading: INT. DIFFERENT STARBUCKS - NIGHT
text: Another COP talks to a CLERK behind the counter.
scene_heading: STARBUCKS CLERK
dialog: Totally, man. She comes in here
dialog: all the time.
text: The cop reaches for his radio and lifts it to his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLIS' OFFICE - NIGHT
text: MATCH CUT to Hollis lifting his phone to his mouth.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
text: Positive ID. The Starbucks on
dialog: Lincoln and Wisconsin.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (0.S.)
dialog: Meet you there.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCKS - NIGHT
text: It's now quite dark as dozens of uniformed POLICEMEN roam
text: the area, passing out hundreds of black and white fliers
text: with Jessica's picture on them. Most people don't even
dialog: want to take the fliers.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, TENTH FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Most of the interior walls have been torn down on the top
text: floor of this abandoned, turn-of-the century office tower
text: leaving a wide-open space that makes for a great moonlit
text: playground for Jessica and her skater friend.
text: He stands on his skateboard holding her hands as she
text: runs, pulling him in and out of the support beams slalom
dialog: style.
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS - CONTINUOUS
text: Campbell and Hollis question the clerk. Mitch stands
dialog: nearby.
scene_heading: STARBUCKS CLERK
dialog: Yeah, I told the other dudes she
text: comes in but she doesn't work
dialog: here. I let her use the
dialog: bathroom, you know?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Do you have any idea how we can
dialog: find her? Where she lives?
scene_heading: STARBUCKS CLERK
dialog: Dude, she lives on the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STARBUCKS - NIGHT
text: Campbell walks out into the night air, unsure what his
text: next move should be. He watches a couple uniformed COPS
text: passing out fliers with Jessica's picture on them.
text: Several PEOPLE don't even look at the fliers, simply
text: shaking their heads as they pass.
text: A BUSINESSMAN brushes off one of the COPS with a shrug.
text: Campbell loses it, running wildly up to the cop and
text: grabbing his fliers and chasing down the businessman, and
text: spinning him around roughly.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
text: LOOK AT THE FUCKING PICTURE!
dialog: HAVE YOU SEEN THIS GIRL?
text: The businessman is shaken up by Campbell's assault but
text: after a moment he manages to look at the photo.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: No. I’m sorry-
text: Campbell pushes him away and turns to the next nearest
text: PASSERBY and again scares them into paying attention.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: You! Look at this girl's face!
dialog: Do you know her? Have you seen
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: PASSERBY
dialog: No, I--
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Look at her before you answer!
speaker_heading: PASSERBY
dialog: (looking)
dialog: No. I don’t know her.
text: Campbell spins and aggressively approaches another
scene_heading: PASSERBY.
scene_heading: INT. WANDA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Wanda sits in her sister's arms, crying quietly.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, TENTH FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Jessica and the skater sit huddled together around a fire
dialog: that they've built from scraps of cardboard and sheet
text: rock. A small cheap jambox plays a BAUHAUS song.
speaker_heading: SKATER
dialog: I have to go. I'm sorry. I'm
dialog: so late.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Can I go with you? Can I sneak
dialog: in your room?
speaker_heading: SKATER
dialog: We can't, Jess, last time we got
dialog: caught my dad went ballistic.
dialog: Don't be sad, Jessie. I gotta
dialog: split.
text: He stands up to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Next to the building, the skater ducks a chain link fence
text: and steps into the alley. He turns on the sidewalk and
text: heads toward Campbell who, fifty feet away, continues to
text: flag down passing PEDESTRIANS.
text: The kid almost skates right by Campbell who talks to a
text: YOUNG WOMAN, but Campbell hears the sound of wheels
text: against the concrete and spins around. His gaze lands on
dialog: the kid's board.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (holding up his hand)
dialog: Stop, wait!
text: The skater clocks Campbell for a cop.
speaker_heading: SKATER
dialog: What? I didn’t do anything.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I didn't say you did.
dialog: (he holds up picture)
dialog: Do you know this girl? She's
dialog: about your-
text: The surprise on his face is evident.
speaker_heading: SKATER
dialog: Fuck you, cop. I don't know
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Bullshit. Listen to me-
text: The kid suddenly makes a break for it, darting across
text: traffic and almost getting squashed. BRAKES squeal and
text: horns BLARE.
text: Hollis looks up and catches a glimpse of Campbell chasing
text: the kid right toward where he is standing. The kid sees
text: Hollis and veers into an alley. Hollis drops his fliers
text: and runs after them.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, TENTH FLOOR - LATER
text: Jessica lies quietly, alone in front of the dying fire,
text: huddled in a dirty sleeping bag to ward off the cold.
text: Reverse to what would be Jessica's POV if she turned
text: around and we see a figure silhouetted against the
text: Chicago skyline.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO ALLEY WAY - CONTINUOUS
text: The skater tries to out sprint Hollis but Hollis catches
text: him, tackling him roughly onto the dirty concrete. The
text: skater comes up swinging, kicking, biting, scratching and
text: screaming. Hollis tries to restrain him without hurting
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SKATER
dialog: Fucking cop! Fuck you! I
dialog: didn't do shit! Fuck you! Let
dialog: go.
text: Campbell catches up, looks around to make sure no one's
text: looking, and then open-hand slaps the shit out of the
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: If you don't help me, right now,
text: a man is going to wrap piano
text: wire around her neck so
text: viciously it will almost sever
text: her head.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, TENTH FLOOR - LATER
text: Jessica sits by the fire. Her face tightens as she
text: senses someone behind her but she doesn't turn around.
text: The figure approaches the firelight revealing that it is
text: in fact Griffin. Though she is clearly nervous, she
text: tries not to let it show.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Hi. What are you listening to?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Bauhaus.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Bela Logosi's dead. Bela
dialog: Logosi's dead.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: No way. You know it? Here, let
dialog: me turn it up.
text: She sits up and adjusts the volume, casually picking up
text: the jambox in the process and then SMACKING it into
text: Griffin's face. She stands up and sprints through the
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The skater now leads Hollis and Campbell on a full-run
text: back to the abandoned building.
text: As they cross the main street near the Starbucks, Hollis
dialog: radios for back up.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, TENTH FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Griffin now runs through the darkness in the direction
text: Jessica had gone. She makes it across the top floor and
text: to the stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: It's pitch black and only shapes can be seen. HEAVY
text: BREATHING and FOOTSTEPS fill the empty space.
text: After making it down two flights of stairs, she comes to
text: a closed door (which, knowing the building, she had
text: expected) and has to run across another abandoned floor.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, SEVENTH FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Unlike the top floor, however, the kids haven't kicked
dialog: down all the interior walls of this floor. Griffin
text: closes in right behind her.
text: She knows she can't out run him so she makes the
text: dangerous decision to duck into one of the old offices,
text: initiating a deadly game of hide and seek.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The skater, Campbell, and Hollis sprint through traffic.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, SEVENTH FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Jessica has managed to crawl from office space to office
text: space, apparently unseen by Griffin.
text: Several times she has to make the horrifying leap from
text: behind one wall to another exposing herself briefly in
text: the moonlight as she inches her way toward the other
dialog: stairwell.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Downstairs, the skater leads Campbell and Hollis under
text: the chain-link fence and into the building.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: Campbell, Hollis, and the kid run up the stairs.
speaker_heading: SKATER
dialog: (breathing hard)
text: She sleeps on the top floor.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, SEVENTH FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Campbell, Hollis and the kid burst through the stairwell
text: and onto the seventh floor (where we last saw Jessica).
text: A shadow passes the light ahead. Campbell stops short
text: and puts a hand on the kid's chest.
text: Hollis immediately pulls the boy back into the stairwell.
text: Campbell moves quickly, gun drawn, down the main corridor
text: toward the direction he saw the shadow.
text: He fires FIVE SHOTS instinctively as Griffin leaps from
text: the darkness and into the stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: In the stairwell, Griffin slams his weight into a steel
text: door (leading down to the next floor) but the door won't
text: budge. After a couple tries he turns and heads up the
dialog: stairs.
text: Griffin runs up the stairs. Campbell pounds the metal
text: stairs below him.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, TENTH FLOOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Griffin reaches the top floor and crosses as fast as he
text: can toward another stairwell. Campbell kicks the door
text: open and takes FOUR MORE SHOTS at his figure. Again,
text: Griffin goes untouched. He makes it to the other
text: stairwell and heads toward the roof.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: Dozens of other cops pour into the building. Two police
text: helicopters hover over the building, spotlights sweeping
text: the brick and broken windows.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED BUILDING, ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: Griffin runs onto the roof. Shortly thereafter, the
text: police helicopters have him in their spotlights.
text: Campbell bursts onto the roof and runs full-sprint toward
text: Griffin, shooting insanely without breaking stride.
text: Griffin spots a smaller office building below; he sprints
text: and leaps from the roof over an alley way, tumbling as he
text: lands two stories below.
text: Campbell follows him dangerously across the alley.
text: At the other end of the building, Griffin jumps again,
text: this time to an even lower building.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: A wide shot of storefronts as Griffin hurdles from one
text: rooftop to the next as he finally eludes the searchlights
text: and disappears between buildings, Campbell right on his
dialog: heels
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: We pick up Griffin mid-air a second before he lands feet
text: first on the exploding windshield of a truck.
text: He tumbles off and steals down the alley. Campbell jumps
text: across the alleyway to a nearby fire escape and quickly
text: jumps from level to level, until he reaches bottom level.
text: He jumps into the alley and chases Griffin.
scene_heading: OBVIOUSLY, THIS WILL ALL DEPEND ON LOCATION AND STORY
text: BOARDS. THE GENERAL POINT IS TO INCLUDE CAMPBELL IN THE
text: CHASE ALL THE WAY UNTIL THE GAS STATION.
text: SIRENS wail from all directions as Griffin slinks down
text: another alley. He comes upon a beat-up old Lincoln. He
text: picks up a metal trashcan and smashes out a window.
text: Campbell rounds the corner, way down the block, in time
text: to see the lights come on and hear the car start. He
text: picks up his pace, sprinting as fast as he can. Halfway
text: down the alley, he misses a step and slips to one knee.
text: He holds his heart and shakes his left arm. He struggles
text: to shake it off and pick back up the chase.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREETS - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Lincoln eases onto a nearby street, but within
text: seconds several cops cars are on his ass.
text: Campbell runs out of the alley, still chasing him on foot
text: and almost gets hit by a police cruiser. He slams his
text: fist on the hood and signals the startled COP to get out
text: of his car. Campbell holds up his badge.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Special Agent Campbell. I head
dialog: the FBI/Chicago PD task force
dialog: which means I rank you which
dialog: means I'm taking your car.
text: Griffin punches the accelerator, rounds a corner and
text: comes face to face with a road block which he simply
text: BLASTS through, sending wooden saw-horses and COPS
text: flying. A moment later, Campbell races through the same
dialog: intersection.
text: Griffin speeds another block before coming up on stopped
text: traffic at a red light, Campbell closing in behind him.
text: Griffin jumps a median and passes the stopped cars in the
text: oncoming lanes.
text: He races across the busy intersection and almost makes it
text: through but gets clipped by a pick-up truck and loses
text: control, jumping the sidewalk and SMASHING through a
text: glass and plastic bus-stop before side-swiping a row of
text: three gas pumps.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Three mushrooms of gas spray out of the ground showering
text: Griffin's Lincoln and drenching the parking lot.
text: Griffin sits, calmly waiting as cop cars converge from
text: every direction. Campbell gets out of his car and draws
text: his weapon. Several Cops do the same.
text: He waits. More and more cops pull up.
text: He calmly shifts the car in gear and tosses a Zippo
text: lighter out the window.
text: The entire area explodes.
text: A block away, Griffin races down the side street and
dialog: disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - NIGHT
text: Aerial shot of the wreckage. The gas station still
text: burns. Charred cop cars. Dozens of other cops parked
text: here and there. Ambulances. The shot tracks two blocks
text: revealing other car accidents and the abandoned building
text: which is still swarming with cops. The shot lowers and
text: closes in on a seventh-story window. Closer and closer--
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THROUGH THE WINDOW- -
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED BUILDING, SEVENTH FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: A DOZEN or so COPS and FEDS work the crime scene.
text: Campbell crouches next to Jessica's bloody body, her face
text: etched with death.
text: He looks into her eyes for a long moment then lowers his
text: head in a gesture that suggests a very deep surrender.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Campbell's apartment looks worse than usual. It's dark
text: dusty and it looks as if it has been ransacked. He is
text: nowhere to be seen, but Ibby's voice can be heard through
text: the door.
speaker_heading: IBBY (0.S.)
dialog: Campbell!? You okay? Open the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S BUILDING, HALLWAY - DAY
text: Ibby and Mitch stand in the hallway outside Campbell's
text: apartment. Ibby bangs on the door loudly. He gives up
text: and turns to Mitch.
speaker_heading: IBBY
dialog: Open it.
text: Mitch pulls a small electronic device from his pocket and
text: kneels in front of the door. The device looks something
text: like a handheld screwdriver with a modified tip. Mitch
text: inserts the tip into the keyhole and WHIRS the machine to
text: life. There's a short RATTLE before the knob turns and
text: Ibby pushes the door open.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Ibby and Mitch enter the dank apartment, concerned by its
dialog: appearance.
text: Ibby opens the bedroom door and sees Campbell's legs
text: hanging out of the bathroom floor. He and Mitch rush
dialog: over.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S BEDROOM/BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Ibby leans over Campbell and tries to rouse him. He is
text: pale white and the bathroom is a mess. Ibby checks his
dialog: pulse.
speaker_heading: IBBY
dialog: (to Mitch)
dialog: Jesus, he's freezing cold. Call
dialog: a paramedic!
text: But just then Campbell rouses awake. Campbell presses
text: his hand to his head.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (wheezing)
text: Ibby, a paramedic shows up at
dialog: this apartment I swear to you I
dialog: will shoot them.
text: He shakes Ibby's arm loose from his clothes and sits up
text: against the bathroom counter. Campbell tries to stand
text: but immediately slumps back to one knee, gasping for
text: breath. His eyes go wide with confusion and pain.
speaker_heading: IBBY
dialog: (to Mitch)
dialog: Call them!
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Campbell lies in bed, semi-conscious. Ibby and a DOCTOR
text: hover over him. The doctor holds a small rubber toy in
text: the shape of a martian.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: The blood pressure got too great
dialog: for one of the veins in your
text: heart and it collapsed. Sounds
dialog: worse than it is. It'll bea
dialog: minor procedure called an angio-
dialog: plasty. We'll stick a small
text: balloon through a scope and into
dialog: the collapsed vein and BOOP! We
dialog: open it back up.
text: She squeezes the toy causing it's martian head to triple
text: in size and its eyes and ears to pop out cartoonishly.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (to Mitch)
dialog: It’s out of the question. I'll
dialog: have to put it off.
speaker_heading: IBBY
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Absolutely not. Your heart
dialog: muscle isn't getting the oxygen
text: it needs. The tissue is dying.
dialog: I want to go into the O.R. r
dialog: ight now. Two, three days
dialog: here, another week of rest and
dialog: then you can start back easy, a
dialog: few hours a day. Look, I have a
dialog: daughter at University of
dialog: Chicago. I want to get you back
dialog: in shape as much as anyone.
dialog: (squeezes the toy again)
dialog: Trust me.
text: Campbell closes his eyes, overwhelmed by a sense of
dialog: futility.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE DISTRICT - DAY
text: Outside the police district office, a crowd
scene_heading: of BYSTANDERS, REPORTERS, and PHOTOGRAPHERS
text: makeshift police barricade between the door
dialog: van.
text: A moment later four COPS exit the building,
text: Norton who wears an orange prison jumpsuit.
dialog: of hundreds
dialog: crowd a
dialog: and a police
dialog: escorting
text: COPS work the barricade trying to hold everyone back as
text: they all surge forward to get a look or ask a question.
text: Hollis takes in the scene with disgust.
text: POP! POP! POP! Suddenly everyone hits the ground and
text: scatters as three shots are fired from close range.
text: Norton slumps to the ground bleeding from two bullet
text: wounds. One cop has also been hit.
text: The rest of the cops draw their weapons on an OLDER MAN
text: in light blue Sansa-belt slacks and a golf shirt who
text: stands holding a small-caliber revolver. The COPS
text: wrestle him to the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE DISTRICT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Norton lays on a stretcher next to an ambulance. The
text: area is chaotic. One PARAMEDIC pumps his chest; another
text: PARAMEDIC has an oxygen mask over his mouth.
text: Hollis hovers next to the paramedics, cringing at his
text: terrible state. After a few seconds, Norton stirs and
text: cries out in pain.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: (to her co-worker)
dialog: He’s conscious!
dialog: (to Hollis)
dialog: Talk to him! Try to keep him
dialog: alert!
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Me? Shit I don't know what to
dialog: say!
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: Just talk to him! Say the
dialog: alphabet! Anything!
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (frazzled)
dialog: Hey! Norton! Hang in there,
dialog: man. We're going to the
dialog: hospital right now! You're
dialog: looking good.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: His blood pressure's dropping!
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: It's not my fault!
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: I wasn't talking to you!
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Oh. Sorry.
dialog: (back to Norton, as if
dialog: to a child)
dialog: What else, what else? Let's
dialog: see... I had a retarded cousin
dialog: once. Bet you didn't know that,
dialog: did you? He died though.
text: The paramedics work faster to try to save him but Hollis
text: senses that it's over and stops talking.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S HOSPITAL ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Campbell watches a special report on the local news
text: broadcast from outside the station.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER
text: The gunman is reported to be
dialog: Padgett Weaver, the recent
dialog: murder victim's sixty-six year-
dialog: old father who had just arrived
dialog: in Chicago. When asked why he
dialog: didn't trust the justice system
dialog: to do its job, Mr. Weaver said
dialog: simply, "I am an old man and I
dialog: don't have time for that crap."
text: Campbell sighs and tosses his hands in the air at this.
text: Just then, Polly enters the room tentatively.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (pleased to see her)
dialog: You didn't have to come here.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Something tells me you wouldn't
dialog: have come to me.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (pointing at the TV)
dialog: D'you see they shot my witness?
text: It's like someone's making up
dialog: new ways to be ridiculous.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Maybe you should get your nerves
text: all bound up in a knot about it.
dialog: (clicks off the TV)
dialog: I can't believe they let you
dialog: watch that thing.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: How else am I going to know
dialog: what's going on? Ibby's got
text: everyone on a vow of silence.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: When's the last time you ate?
dialog: Are you allowed to eat anything
dialog: besides the shit they serve
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Probably not but let's order
dialog: something anyway.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: How's Thai? My favorite joint
text: is just around the corner.
scene_heading: INT. F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS, GARAGE AREA - MORNING
text: Mitch, Diana, and SEVERAL FORENSIC TECHS, stand under a
text: dirty LATE MODEL SEDAN that has been lifted on a
text: mechanic's lift. All of the doors are wide open.
text: The back window has been shot out, and the front fender
text: and grill are damaged. The car appears to be the one
dialog: Hollis and Campbell chased a few nights ago.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC TECH
dialog: We found two of the slugs
text: imbedded in the frame.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No other physical evidence?
speaker_heading: FORENSIC TECH
dialog: Not yet, but give a guy a break.
dialog: This thing was in the river
dialog: three hours ago.
text: Just then, Campbell's secretary comes into the room
text: holding an 8' X 10' envelope.
scene_heading: CAMPBELL'S SECRETARY
dialog: Excuse me, Agent Casper? This
dialog: came for Agent Campbell and I
dialog: thought you-
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: How'd it get here!?
scene_heading: CAMPBELL'S SECRETARY
dialog: (clueless)
dialog: It just came in the regular
dialog: mail.
text: Mitch snatches the envelope from her hands and waves at
dialog: Diana.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: (heading out of the room)
dialog: Let's do it. Get Mackie on the
dialog: phone. Get a copy to him. I'm
dialog: going to get with Ibby.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS, PRESS ROOM - MORNING
text: Again, Hollis addresses a battery of reporters.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Good morning and thanks for your
dialog: attention. My comments today
dialog: will be brief. As most of you
dialog: know, we have received another
dialog: photograph.
text: The bank of REPORTERS all BLURT questions at once.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S HOSPITAL ROOM - MORNING
text: Campbell sits in bed, looking totally wrecked. He watches
text: Hollis finish his address on TV.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (calming the
dialog: reporters)
dialog: No, no, no. I'm not answering
dialog: questions today. I'm only here
dialog: to pass on the photograph and
dialog: request that you continue to
dialog: help us in this investigation.
dialog: That is all.
text: Campbell sits with no noticeable expression of emotion on
text: his face. He seems truly defeated.
speaker_heading: ANCHORWOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Police Detective Hollis Mackie
dialog: informing us that this terrible
dialog: game will continue today. Here
text: is a photograph of the killer's
dialog: latest target.
text: Campbell suddenly reacts strongly to the television. He
text: half stands up, almost stumbling out of bed. He pulls
text: the IV from his arm, still not taking his eyes off the
text: TV. We still can't see what he sees, though his reaction
dialog: makes us wish we could.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLIS' CAR/MITCH'S OFFICE - DAY - INTERCUT
text: Hollis races along talking to Mitch on the cell phone.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Mitch Casper.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: It's Mackie. I'm looking for
dialog: Campbell. He's not at the
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Yeah, they just called to inform
dialog: us of that very fact. Nobody
dialog: knows where he is.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Maybe he's at home? I'1l drop
dialog: by there.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: There's really no way to tell,
dialog: is there?
text: He hangs up the phone and wheels the car around the
text: opposite direction.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLIS' CAR - DAY
text: Hollis screeches to a halt outside of Campbell's
text: apartment, leaving his car double-parked. He runs up to
text: the front door.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S BUILDING, HALLWAY - DAY
text: Hollis bangs loudly on Campbell's door.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Hey! Open the Goddamn door!
dialog: Hey! Campbell? You okay?!
text: He sighs, steps away from the door and kicks it open.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Hollis enters Campbell's stuffy, messy apartment.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Jesus, man. You gotta get a
dialog: maid. Campbell?!
text: Hollis quickly searches the kitchen (small and visible
text: from the living room) and the bedroom (he opens the door
text: and can tell it's empty).
text: Hollis tries one last door. It's locked. He knocks
text: loudly.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Campbell?
text: He tries the door again, jiggling the knob very hard. It
text: doesn't budge.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: This is becoming a habit.
text: WHACK! He kicks the door in. The room appears to be a
text: walk-in closet. Inside, cardboard boxes are stacked from
dialog: floor to ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S CLOSET - CONTINUOUS
text: Hollis steps inside the room, curiously. He opens a box
text: and pulls out some file-folders - crime scene photos,
text: reports, etc. Griffin's name is everywhere.
text: These are obviously Campbell's personal files on Griffin.
text: Hollis notices several burned down candles. He turns
text: around and sees a thin white sheet covering one wall of
dialog: the closet.
text: He lifts the sheet and tries to peer under. A look of
text: confusion washes over his face. He yanks the sheet from
text: the wall, sending tacks flying.
text: The sheet drops down to reveal the enormous photographic
dialog: collage we saw in the opening credits. Its true scope
text: and detail are revealed for the first time.
text: It spans the entire wall and looks as if it were
text: methodically, obsessively pasted together.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (awe-struck)
dialog: What the fuck?
text: He reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out a folded
text: white piece of paper. He unfolds the paper and looks at
dialog: it:
text: It is a flier with a photo of the next victim. He holds
text: it close to the collage to reveal that it is THE WOMAN IN
text: THE COLLAGE.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus, Campbell, what is this?
text: His eyes dart around the collage. He reads the newspaper
text: clippings: INQUIRY CLEARS AGENT OF NEGLIGENCE. He sees
text: Campbell's name in all of the articles. Griffin's name
dialog: is in several as well. The name 'Lisa Alexander' is also
text: everywhere. The birthday card reads "Love, Lisa". He
text: scans quickly trying to make sense of what he's seeing.
scene_heading: DEATH TOLL CLIMBS TO NINETEEN. AGENT BEGINS INDEFINITE
text: LEAVE.
text: Hollis glances at something that clicks. It's a
text: photograph of a cemetery. A closer shot of a headstone
text: shows the engraving to be 'Lisa Alexander. 1964-1999'
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Hollis steps out of the closet and toward the front door.
text: On the TV there is a picture of Lisa Alexander.
speaker_heading: CNN REPORTER (0.S.)
dialog: ...at this time police have not
dialog: located the young woman who they
dialog: have reason to believe...
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL'S CAR - AFTERNOON
text: Campbell drives through light traffic. He rounds a
text: corner and we see the CEMETERY from the photograph
text: through the windshield.
text: Campbell pulls into the deserted parking lot and steps
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPBELL'S BUILDING - AFTERNOON
text: Hollis runs down the front stairs. He hops in his car.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - AFTERNOON
text: Campbell walks through the graveyard, unhurried but
dialog: deliberate.
text: He rounds a corner and stops short. Griffin sits on the
dialog: grave we saw Campbell leaning against earlier.
text: Campbell draws his gun and walks slowly over. Griffin
text: notices him.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Hey Campbell! How's your heart,
dialog: pal? Here have a beer, it'll
dialog: make it feel better. Here.
text: Griffin tosses him a beer but Campbell side-steps it,
text: letting drop to the ground. He loads a shell into the
text: chamber of his 9mm, still trying to make sense of the
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me something, Campbell.
dialog: Did you move two thousand miles
dialog: to live near this woman's grave?
text: Griffin takes a drink out of his beer. Campbell tightens
text: his grip on the pistol. He takes dead aim at Griffin's
dialog: forehead.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's true, isn't it? Man, you
dialog: gotta get out more. I mean is
dialog: this a satisfying relationship?
dialog: (picks a flower and
dialog: plucks pedals)
dialog: She loves me... She's
dialog: decomposing... She loves me...
text: she's decomposing.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (lowering the gun)
dialog: Why don't we talk about what
dialog: we're doing here. Is this it?
dialog: You here to give yourself up?
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Why didn't you ever tell anyone
dialog: you laying pipe with her? Just
dialog: cause she was married?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: We don't seem to be
dialog: communicating. Let me be clear
dialog: with you, I have no problem with
dialog: shooting you dead where you sit.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Well you do have one problem.
text: Griffin tosses his beer and fishes a business card out of
text: his pocket. Campbell quickly raises his gun. Griffin
text: doesn't even flinch.
text: Careful to keep his gun trained on Griffin, Campbell
text: reaches and takes the card. It reads: Polly Beilman,
text: Ph.D. It is badly stained with blood. Campbell winces.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: If I'm dead, your friend Polly
text: plans to meet a rather gruesome
dialog: fate involving candlelight and
text: quite a large pool of kerosene.
text: Campbell looks at him for a long moment, weighing his
dialog: options.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: You know something about
dialog: attractive women burning alive,
dialog: don't you? Tell me, what was it
dialog: like? Could you smell her flesh
dialog: burning?
text: Campbell flicks Polly's business card toward Griffin, it
text: flutters away and lands in the grass.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: You've already killed her.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: C'mon. You know me better than
dialog: that. That's not even her
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Take me to see her then.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Oh, I don't know about that.
dialog: Let's just sit here and talk for
dialog: a little while.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: We'll talk once I see her. I
dialog: have to know if there's anything
dialog: to talk about.
text: Griffin looks at him for a long beat.
text: Campbell lowers his gun, takes a breath and hands it to
text: Griffin who is surprised by the gesture.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon, take it. I trust you. I
dialog: just need to see that she's all
dialog: right and then we'll talk.
text: Griffin shrugs and takes the gun.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Fine. Let's go.
text: They turn and take a few steps. Blam! Griffin shoots
text: the ground, startling Campbell.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow. It's loaded.
text: Campbell relaxes and they take a few more steps. BLAM!
text: Griffin laughs. BLAM!
scene_heading: INT. HOLLIS' CAR - EVENING
text: Hollis races dangerously through traffic.
scene_heading: INT. GRIFFIN'S SEDAN - EVENING
text: Campbell drives, seething with anger; Griffin sets
text: Campbell's gun on the seat next to him.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: You look older since you were in
dialog: LA. You look more and more like
dialog: your father.
text: Campbell turns to look at him.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Relax, I never hurt him. I just
dialog: used to go visit him in the
text: home. Towards the end, he
dialog: couldn't tell the difference
dialog: between us so I just told him I
dialog: was you. It made him happy,
dialog: that you were there.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Listen to me, Griffin. What do
dialog: you want? I want you to think
dialog: about what you need. I can try
dialog: to get you that and we can make
dialog: an exchange. Anything that you
dialog: need for Ms. Beilman's safety.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: You're all I need, Campbell.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Griffin's car cruises along on the freeway.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - EVENING
text: Hollis' car is parked in the deserted lot. He stands
text: nearby searching a directory of the cemetery plots.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY, GRAVE SITE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Hollis stands over Lisa Alexander's grave. Griffin's
text: picnic beer bottles are still strewn about. He struggles
text: to make sense of the scene.
text: His first clear clue comes when he comes across a
text: cartridge from Campbell's gun. He searches the area some
text: more and finds Polly's bloody business card.
text: He still has no real idea of what went on.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLIS' CAR - EVENING
text: Again, even though his driving puts him right on the edge
text: of death, Hollis talks calmly on the radio.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: See what you can find out about
dialog: Polly Beilman. She's a shrink.
dialog: Her office is at 2414 Eastern
dialog: Avenue. Send a car by to check
dialog: it out. I'm there in ten.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO STREET - EVENING
text: Griffin's car eases off the freeway and into traffic.
scene_heading: INT. GRIFFIN'S SEDAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Campbell drives.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: You're not angry with me, are
dialog: you, Campbell? You don't think
dialog: I'm an evil person, do you?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (taken aback by his tone)
dialog: I'm not much in a position to be
dialog: a judge right now, but, I think
dialog: words like evil are just words
dialog: people use to keep from having
dialog: to think. You are who you are.
dialog: You do what your driven to do.
dialog: That's the way it makes sense to
dialog: me.
text: Griffin takes Campbell's hand with both of his and
dialog: squeezes it.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Thanks, Campbell. You're a good
dialog: friend. You're like a brother
dialog: to me. Did you know that?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Did you have any real brothers
dialog: or si-
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Oh, Campbell, what the fuck?!
dialog: I'm trying to have a real
dialog: conversation and you're psycho
dialog: analyzing me! Are you Polly
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (turns away)
dialog: You brought it up. I think it
dialog: was a perfectly valid-
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Look at me when I talk to you!
dialog: (Campbell does)
dialog: You're trying to control this
dialog: situation! Can't you leave your
dialog: job out of this?! Just this
dialog: once! I'm telling you Campbell,
dialog: you've been seeing that bitch
dialog: Polly too-
text: Campbell takes a quick glimpse at the road to orient the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I said look at me when I'm
dialog: talking!
text: Campbell turns back, totally ignoring the road even
text: though they're in traffic and the road is winding.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I'm listening. What? What do
dialog: you have to say? I'm listening.
dialog: Go ahead!
text: They stay, eyes locked, as the car travels forty miles
text: per hour down the road. After a long moment, Griffin
text: cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I forgot what I was going to
dialog: say.
text: Campbell turns and looks back at the road but it's too
text: late, the car has faded into the curb.
text: Campbell wrenches the wheel as the car crunches up onto
text: the curb. Griffin and Campbell both bounce around the
text: front seat until Campbell gets the vehicle back under
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (looking over his
dialog: shoulder )
dialog: That was fun.
text: Campbell uses the distraction to slip his cell phone out
text: of his pants pocket and push 'redial.'
scene_heading: EXT. POLLY'S OFFICE BUILDING - EVENING
text: Hollis screeches to a stop outside of Polly's office
text: building. Two other cruisers are already parked out
text: front, lights flashing.
text: He jumps out of his car and approaches Mitch.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: She's missing. Secretary's
text: upstairs dead.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Fuck. What about her house?
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Empty. Your people are there
dialog: already.
text: Hollis’ cell phone rings.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Hello?
text: For a moment it sounds as if the line is dead but then
text: Griffin's voice is heard.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (0.S.)
dialog: I knew if I just came here and
dialog: talked to you, in person, you'd
dialog: understand me better, Campbell.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: (covering up the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Fuck. He's got Campbell. Let's
dialog: get a trace on it, now!
text: Mitch flips open his own cell phone.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS ROOM, F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS - EVENING
text: A COMPUTER TECH stands in front of a wall-sized map of
text: the city wearing a headset, talking to Mitch.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER TECH
dialog: (staring impatiently
dialog: at the map)
dialog: Give me a second; give me a
dialog: second; give me a second, okay,
dialog: okay. He's about twenty miles
text: north of the city.
scene_heading: EXT. POLLY'S OFFICE BUILDING - EVENING
text: Mitch and Hollis stand outside both on the phone.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: You gotta do better than that!
speaker_heading: COMPUTER TECH (0.S.)
dialog: No shit. Give me another minute
dialog: and we'll have has exact
dialog: location.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (0.S.)
dialog: (on Hollis' phone)
dialog: Communication is important to
dialog: us. I realized after you left
dialog: L.A. that you were the only
dialog: thing I had...
scene_heading: INT. GRIFFIN'S SEDAN - EVENING
text: Campbell drives Griffin's car down a small street that
text: runs along the waterfront.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: You were the only one who
dialog: thought about me. You were my
dialog: audience. And for a long time,
dialog: I was the only one you had. And
dialog: then you met Lisa, which...
dialog: (he points toa
dialog: parking lot)
dialog: Pull in here.
text: Campbell pulls in.
text: The parking lot is in front of a five story brick and
text: glass building that sits on the river front.
text: Water laps against the bricks on one side of the
text: building. The area is completely deserted.
text: As Campbell steps out of the car, he lets the cell phone
text: fall into the floorboard. Griffin doesn't notice it.
scene_heading: INT. FREIGHT ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Campbell and Griffin step into an old steel-grated
text: freight elevator. Griffin holds his gun casually trained
text: on Campbell. He pushes a button labeled 'Five' and the
text: elevator begins to ascend.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS ROOM, F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT
text: The Computer Tech still stands in front of the map.
speaker_heading: COMPUTER TECH
dialog: (suddenly elated)
dialog: I got him! I got him!
scene_heading: INT. DARK CORRIDOR, FIFTH FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Campbell walks reluctantly alongside Griffin down a
text: corridor in the warehouse.
text: They reach a door and Griffin unlocks it and kneels down,
text: carefully slipping his hand inside the door.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - CONTINUOUS
text: Griffin's fingers slide up the inside of the door and
text: unhook a string that runs through two pulleys before
text: attaching to the trigger of a small "riot" shotgun which
text: was set to go off if the door were opened.
text: Griffin pushes Campbell inside. The warehouse/loft is
text: about the size of a small basketball court with polished
text: concrete floors, high ceilings, and floor to ceiling
text: windows overlooking the river.
text: Polly sits gagged and bound to a chair in the center of
text: the room. The wooden chair sits in a two-inch deep pool
dialog: of kerosene.
text: The only light in the room comes from the windows and
text: several foot-tall dinner candles which stand in the
dialog: Kerosene pool.
text: Campbell has just long enough to take in the scene before
text: Griffin WHACKS him over the head with a heavy metal rod.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLIS' CAR - NIGHT
text: Aerial shot of Hollis' car swerving through traffic.
scene_heading: INT. F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS, IBBY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ibby's in an F.B.I. van that screams through the streets.
scene_heading: EXT. MEIGS FIELD - NIGHT
text: Three helicopters sit, blades already angrily chopping
text: the air. Dozens of other AGENTS and PILOTS run here and
dialog: there.
text: After a moment, Ibby's F.B.I. van arrives and screeches
text: to a halt. Ibby jumps out and runs toward one of the
text: helicopters. Before he's even belted in, Hollis’ sedan
text: roars around a corner and races toward them.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAY COLONIAL STYLE HOUSE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK
text: Campbell (younger, clean-shaven) walks up to the front
text: porch of the house, careful not to be seen or heard.
text: He peers under the blinds into a window. Through the
text: thick leaded glass his POV is distorted.
text: He sees a figure move in the living room.
text: Campbell pulls away and looks through another window,
text: trying to get a better idea of what's happening.
text: From the second window he can see a woman bound and
text: gagged. His breath quickens.
text: He stands and kicks the front door.
scene_heading: INT. GRAY COLONIAL STYLE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS - FLASHBACK
text: Campbell bursts into the front room. He hears a loud
text: commotion in the next-room and rounds the corner just in
text: time to see a man duck into a back hallway, dumping a
text: card table over in his haste. Campbell gets a shot off
text: but it thumps harmlessly into the wall.
text: Campbell turns his attention to LISA ALEXANDER who sits
text: bound and gagged in a chair - and we realize that she is
dialog: the same woman in the fire and this is the room that was
text: on fire. He runs quickly to her and rips the tape off
text: her mouth.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Are you hurt?
text: Paralyzed with fear, she only manages to shake her head.
text: The back door slams loudly, capturing Campbell's
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
dialog: You're going to be all right.
dialog: Everything's going to be fine.
text: Campbell turns to run after the man, failing to notice
dialog: that two burning candles (which had been on the card
text: table) have rolled across the room and ignited a small
dialog: fire.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAY COLONIAL STYLE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS - FLASHBACK
text: Campbell bursts through the back door and flies down the
text: stairs and into the alley.
text: His POV: far ahead a figure races through the shadows.
text: He runs down the alley, leaving the house further and
text: further behind. After another few seconds, he hears a
text: sharp CLAPPING sound.
text: He wheels around to see the smoke rising up from inside
text: the house he was just in. He sprints back toward the
text: house and up the staircase. He kicks in the back door,
text: ducking away from the rush of flames and heat.
scene_heading: INT. BURNING HOUSE, BACK HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS - FLASHBACK
text: The woman SCREAMS. Campbell pushes further into the
text: crumbling hallway, dodging burning debris that falls
text: around him.
text: She SCREAMS again, a long piercing howl and-
scene_heading: -CAMPBELL WAKES UP INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - NIGHT
text: As Campbell regains consciousness it is clear that he's
text: disoriented and in great pain from a migraine. The room
text: is blurry. Cuban Dance MUSIC plays loudly. Griffin
text: dances lightly around the room. Polly whimpers in fear.
text: The music fades down and Griffin slows his dance moves
dialog: slightly.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (to Polly)
dialog: I don't know how you can just
dialog: sit there with music like this.
dialog: Such a waste.
text: Campbell puts one hand to his head, shielding his eyes,
text: and with the other, grasps at his inside pocket, looking
text: for his syringes. Griffin has removed the tape from
text: Polly's mouth.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Who-hoo?
text: Campbell looks up and sees Griffin holding Campbell's
text: leather medicine pouch in one hand and his gun in the
dialog: other.
text: Griffin walks over and picks him up by his jacket and
text: sits him in a wooden chair (outside the perimeter of the
text: kerosene pool). Campbell is too disoriented to resist.
text: On a nearby table, Griffin clicks on a bright Halogen
text: desk lamp and pushes right into Campbell's face. He
text: flinches from the light. Griffin flips the light away
text: from Campbell and then back, away and then back,
dialog: repeatedly.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: That hurts, doesn't it? They say
text: flashing lights and migraines
dialog: just don't go together at all.
text: Griffin's bullying has a older-brotherish quality to it.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (still flashing the
dialog: light)
dialog: Quick! Name three candy bars
dialog: and I'll stop. Quick! Three
dialog: candy bars! Quick!
text: Griffin loses interest and tosses the lamp back onto the
text: table. He quickly draws his gun and points it Campbell's
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Noooooo!
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: No, no, no, no, Campbell. I'm
dialog: not going to kill you. We need
dialog: each other. We define each
dialog: other. We are yin and yang.
dialog: Black and white. Isn't that
dialog: right Polly?
text: Polly grows more anxious, unsure whether to answer.
text: Campbell's head throbs insanely and his vision is still
text: distorted and hazy.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (louder )
dialog: I said, isn't that right,
dialog: Polly!?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (very tentative)
dialog: I'm sorry, I don't understand
dialog: the question.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Did you or did you not reach the
dialog: conclusion that Campbell and I
dialog: need each other in order to have
dialog: meaning in our lives.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Yes. I did, though, you have...
dialog: I think so. Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. BUCOLIC COUNTRYSIDE - EVENING
text: The low moon illuminates the rolling hills. There's a
text: moment of stillness, and then from behind a hill appears
text: a WHIRRING mass of rotor blades.
text: The three F.B.I. helicopters sweep low across the fields
dialog: outside of Chicago.
scene_heading: INT. F.B.I. COMMAND HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Moving low and fast over a desolate expanse of highway...
text: the faint glow of city lights in the distance.
text: Behind the COMMAND PILOT we see Ibby and the OTHERS
text: gazing soberly toward their destination.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO STREETS - NIGHT
text: A dozen police vehicles scream through the streets of
dialog: Chicago.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campbell still squints against the light. White
text: splotches cloud his vision. He watches as Griffin
text: lightly caresses Polly's cheek and then neck....
text: He stands and takes several steps toward Griffin.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Take your fucking hands off her.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Sit down.
text: Campbell takes a few more steps toward him. Griffin puts
text: the gun to Polly's head. She cringes.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Sit down!
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: You can talk all you want. I'll
dialog: listen but I'm not going to let
dialog: you touch. Put the gun. We
dialog: both know you're not going to do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Why do we know that?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Because you only get to kill her
dialog: once and that way won't be any
dialog: fun.
text: BLAM! Griffin shoots Campbell in the shin, sending him
text: end-over-end from the force of the impact.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: You're right.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE MICHIGAN - MOMENTS LATER
text: Three F.B.I. helicopters BOOM past the camera and
text: continue on, sweeping low across the water.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Griffin stands over Campbell who writhes in agony on the
text: floor. An enormous pool of blood is forming under him.
text: Both of his hands grip his shin. Griffin picks him up
text: and sets him in the chair.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Get up. Get up! How's this for
dialog: Deja Vu, Campbell? We got the
dialog: fire. We got the pretty girl
dialog: that you've put in our way.
dialog: Only last time the plan
dialog: backfired. Instead of bringing
dialog: us closer, it pulled us apart.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: What do you want me to say?
dialog: That I made a rookie mistake and
dialog: let my obsession with you
dialog: affect -
text: Griffin grabs his hair and looks him right in the eye,
text: the other hand cocked back with the gun pointing at his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: NO! NO! NO! That's not what I
dialog: want you to say! THE OBSESSION
dialog: IS ALL YOU HAVE! The HATRED is
dialog: all you have! Love is fleeting.
dialog: Hate lasts forever. The mistake
text: was turning back in the alley.
dialog: What I want you to say is thank
dialog: you! Thank you for coming here
dialog: and saving your life!
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I don't know what the voices
dialog: tell you, Griffin, but I'm not
dialog: same as you. You don't define
dialog: me. I'm not your thing. You're
dialog: a job to me. You're paperwork.
text: Griffin pushes his head back and steps away. He walks
text: over to nearby table and picks up a length of piano wire
text: attached to two small wooden blocks.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Please don't do this to me.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: I have to do this. He's not
dialog: going to understand anything
dialog: else. You heard him.
dialog: Paperwork.
text: Campbell tries to watch what's happening but can barely
text: see from the blinding headache. He sees Griffin nearing
text: Polly, unfurling the wire in front of him. He drapes the
text: wire in front of her and slides it up her chest. She
text: whimpers.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Thank you.
text: Griffin stops and cocks his head.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: What'd you say?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I said thank you. I mean it.
dialog: You made your point.
text: Griffin walks over to him and leans an ear toward him
text: sarcastically, again affecting the big brother.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: I said thank you.
text: Griffin leans in closer and Campbell suddenly jabs the
text: blade of his pocketknife under Griffin's chin, just
text: missing the jugular.
text: Griffin gasps and staggers backward, stumbling and
text: falling into the kerosene. His gun clatters across the
text: cement floor.
text: Campbell stands awkwardly and pounces onto Griffin,
text: jamming his thumbs viciously toward his bloody throat.
text: Kerosene splashes dangerously close to the burning
dialog: candles.
scene_heading: EXT. NEARBY ROOFTOP - CONTINUOUS
text: A S.W.A.T. COMMANDER motions for his men to clear the way
text: as the three F.B.I. helicopters rise over the rooftop's
text: ledge and land in unison.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Griffin's about to fall unconscious as Campbell bares
text: down on his throat. Rings of kerosene lap against the
text: base of the candles, causing them to teeter back and
dialog: forth.
text: Griffin suddenly lands a solid blow to Campbell's temple,
text: knocking him aside.
text: Again, kerosene splashes dangerously around as they vie
text: for position, exchanging what punches they can.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Police vans screech to a lurching halt and cops in riot
text: gear pour out.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campbell and Griffin are locked together, limbs
text: entangled. Campbell loses his footing and Griffin slams
text: him down face first into the concrete. Their bodies smack
text: down six inches from one of the candles.
text: Griffin pushes Campbell's face into the kerosene.
text: Campbell sputters and coughs as he fights to breathe.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, FIRST FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: A small army pours into the building through every ground
dialog: floor entrance.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: A metal door crashes open as waves of S.W.A.T. officers
text: storm the darkened basement. As they advance, their red-
text: laser sights trace a maze of pipes through the cavernous
dialog: basement.
scene_heading: S.W.A.T. OFFICER
dialog: (into his headset)
text: Basement's clear.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ibby, Hollis, and Mitch (now dressed in riot gear)
text: approach the building.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, LIVE/WORK LOFT - CONTINUOUS
text: Griffin still has Campbell's face half-submerged.
text: Campbell's POV: The shotgun sits fifteen feet
dialog: away.
text: Campbell surges upward, rolling Griffin off of his back.
text: Campbell scurries across the floor and snatches up the
text: shotgun. He spins around and takes a bead on Griffin --
text: who stands calmly in the middle of the kerosene pool,
text: holding his bloody neck with one hand and one of the
text: burning candles in the other. If Campbell shoots him,
dialog: he'll drop the candle into the Kerosene.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: (panting, smiling)
dialog: Oh boy, what are we going to do
dialog: now?
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: A team of S.W.A.T. officers thunder up the metal fire
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, SECOND FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Another S.W.A.T. team kicks open a door to a loft,
text: scaring the hell out of COUPLE watching TV.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, THIRD FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: A SECOND S.W.A.T. Officer hustles three terrified PEOPLE
text: down a dark hallway.
scene_heading: SECOND S.W.A.T. OFFICER
dialog: Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, GROUND FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Ibby, Mitch, and Hollis enter the building.
scene_heading: INT. LIVE/WORK SPACE - CONTINUOUS
text: Campbell, gun still trained on Griffin, slowly paces the
text: perimeter of the kerosene pool. Griffin makes his way
text: toward his own gun which lies in the pool a few feet
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: Why don't you go ahead and set
dialog: that gun down?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Don't do it!
dialog: (resolved)
dialog: He's going to kill me anyway.
dialog: Shoot this piece of shit.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
text: Put the gun down.
text: The gun wobbles in Campbell's hand. His breath races.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, FOURTH FLOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: S.W.A.T. Officers race down the fourth floor hallway.
scene_heading: INT. LIVE/WORK SPACE - CONTINUOUS
text: The stand off continues.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN
dialog: He can't do it. He'd be killing
dialog: you and held never be able to
dialog: live with that.
text: Griffin kneels and picks up his pistol. He holds it in
text: one hand and the candle in the other. He aims the pistol
dialog: at Campbell.
speaker_heading: GRIFFIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Put it down.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Shoot him! He'll kill me
dialog: anyway!
text: Campbell starts to lower the shotgun.
speaker_heading: POLLY (CONT'D)
dialog: NO!
text: CRASH! The door bursts open under the force of a
text: battering ram. S.W.A.T. officers surge into the room.
text: Griffin wheels around and shoots at the S.W.A.T. Team.
text: Campbell raises the shotgun and takes aim. BOOM!
text: SUPER SLOW MOTION as Griffin's hand and much of his
text: forearm disintegrate. The impact snuffs out the lit
text: candle, half of which flies through the air harmlessly.
text: Griffin wheels back around, taking aim at Campbell.
text: BOOM! His chest opens up as Campbell shoots him again.
text: Griffin's face grows slack with death as his body hurls
text: through the air.
text: Campbell's eyes focus on the remaining lit candles. He
text: drops the shotgun and before Griffin even lands, Campbell
text: begins running toward Polly, his feet splashing heavily
text: through the kerosene, his bad leg hindering his progress.
text: As Griffin's back THUMPS flatly in the pool, Campbell
text: watches a wave of kerosene radiate out from under his
text: body. The wave rolls away from him and toward the other
dialog: candles.
text: Campbell reaches Polly and without breaking stride,
text: scoops her up (chair and all). The wave of kerosene
text: reaches the candles, all of which fall at approximately
dialog: the same time.
text: As the flames hit, a bright ring of fire SPRINGS UP and
text: races in from the perimeter of the pool, closing in on
dialog: Campbell.
text: An instant before the wall of flame overtakes him, he
text: SMASHES through the outer window.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Cops and agents wheel around when they hear glass shatter
text: and watch as Campbell and Polly soar through the air and
text: SPLASH into the river, flames roaring out behind them.
text: UNDERWATER CAMERA - picks up Campbell and Polly as they
text: thump into the freezing river.
text: Blood from Campbell's leg plums in the water. He
text: immediately swims toward Polly who sinks like a brick. He
text: grabs her and heads to the surface.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE, FIFTH FLOOR CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Hollis, Ibby, and Mitch rush towards the room. They push
text: their way past the other cops and look in.
text: The room is ablaze and filled with smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campbell and Polly both come up gasping for air.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (spitting water)
dialog: Yeah Yeah. I'm okay.
text: AGGHHHH! - Polly and Campbell look up and cower as
text: Griffin, completely ablaze, leaps from the window and
text: plunges into the water right beside them.
text: UNDERWATER CAMERA - as Griffin breaks the surface and the
text: flames are immediately snuffed out.
text: Back on the surface, Campbell and Polly desperately scan
text: the water around them, waiting for him to resurface. On
text: the bank, several COPS have pulled their weapons, also
text: waiting for him to resurface. For a long moment, there
text: is no sign of him. Campbell tries to swim toward the
text: bank. TWO COPS dive in and help. They take Polly from
text: him just as Campbell sees Griffin's body bob to the
text: surface nearby, motionless.
text: The cops fish Polly out of the water, but Campbell can't
text: help but make sure Griffin is really dead. He swims a
text: few feet toward the body, which is still face down.
text: Campbell reaches tentatively for Griffin's shoulder and
text: rolls him over revealing that his face has been horribly
text: burned beyond recognition and that he is in fact, dead.
text: Campbell's voice is heard.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.O.)
dialog: Like I said, it's never that
dialog: easy. The best we can do is
dialog: hope he fucks up and do what we
dialog: can to be there when he does.
text: Campbell turns and swims toward the bank.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It's been six months, you know?
scene_heading: INT. POLLY'S BUILDING, CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Polly and Campbell step out of the elevator. She carries
text: her briefcase. He carries a bag of groceries.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: What's your point?
text: They reach her door and she unlocks three dead-bolts.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I'm just saying you still seem a
dialog: little paranoid. Maybe you
dialog: should see someone about this.
text: She opens the door and they step inside.
scene_heading: INT. POLLY'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: They step inside and are greeted by an enormous
text: Rottweiler. Campbell pats its big head roughly.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (playfully annoyed)
dialog: I am not paranoid.
text: She says as she disarms the security system.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: No definitely not.
text: Campbell walks through the rest of the apartment, turning
text: on all the lights and checking all the rooms.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Okay, so I have a few issues
dialog: with personal security. But I
dialog: think that's pretty
dialog: understandable, given the
dialog: circumstances, don't you?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: (calling from down the
dialog: hall)
dialog: Definitely.
text: He walks back into the living room.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
text: Well, all clear. Once again.
text: She walks him to the door.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Thanks, Campbell.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: It's the least I can do, don't
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Good night.
scene_heading: EXT. POLLY'S BUILDING, CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Polly closes the door behind Campbell and he grins as she
text: bolts about fifteen different locks and chains. He walks
text: to the elevator and pushes the down button and waits.
text: After a moment he hears the bolts and chains again. The
text: door opens and Polly steps into the hallway.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Actually, I thought of something
dialog: else you can do for me.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: What's that?
text: The elevator door pings open.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Have dinner with me. I hate
text: eating alone.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Me too.
text: He starts to walk toward her.
text: They go back inside and the bolts and chains start
text: banging and clicking again.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
