speaker_heading: THE GIFT
dialog: by
dialog: Billy Bob Thornton & Tom Epperson
dialog: Revised September 7. 1999
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. PRATT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - AFTERNOON
text: It's a one-story structure of yellow brick. School has let out, and kids are heading home, on foot,
text: on bikes, in yellow buses, and in the cars of their moms.
text: The CAMERA MOVES IN ON two brothers, MIKE, 11, and MILLER, seven. With them are a
text: PUDGY BOY and a BIG-FOR-HIS-AGE BOY of Mike's age, and a BESPECTACLED LITTLE
text: BOY of Miller's age. As they approach the street, a student crossing guard or "PATROL BOY"
text: lowers a cane pole with a red flag attached to stop a car or two.
scene_heading: BESPECTACLED LITTLE BOY
dialog: (as they walk across the street)
dialog: When I get in sixth grade, I'm gonna be a patrol boy.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Me too.
scene_heading: BIG-FOR-HIS-AGE-BOY
dialog: I could be one if I wanted to, but I don't want to.
speaker_heading: PUDGY BOY
dialog: You don't make good enough grades to be one...
scene_heading: BIG-FOR-HIS-AGE-BOY
dialog: Shit on you, Tommy, you don't know shit.
dialog: MIKE (ending the matter)
dialog: Patrol boys are all queers.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET - A LITTLE LATER - AFTERNOON
text: The boys are walking down a quiet residential street. It's spring in the little Arkansas town of
text: Parker (Pop. 9,567). The trees are full of tender green leaves, bushes blossom and flower beds
text: are crowded with bright flowers. The big-for-his-age boy gives Tommy the pudgy boy a "watch
dialog: this" nudge in the ribs.
scene_heading: BIG-FOR-HIS-AGE BOY
dialog: Stanley knows what "fuck" means - don't you, Stanley?
speaker_heading: STANLEY (BESPECTACLED LITTLE BOY)
dialog: Yeah. It means fartin' in the bathtub and swallowin' the bubbles.
text: The big-for-his-age boy and Tommy LAUGH and give each other a high five.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It don't mean that, Stanley. Paul Dean's just playin’ with you.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: What does it mean?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You're too little to know.
text: The boys are walking through an intersection of two quiet streets at the top of a hill. Now Paul
text: Dean stops, looks down the street to the right, and points at a modest one-story house of red
text: brick, which has a couple of cars parked out front.
scene_heading: PAUL DEAN (BIG-FOR-HIS-AGE BOY)
dialog: Did you know a witch lives in that house right there? She puts hexes
dialog: on people and turns some of 'em into pigs and dogs!
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Our mama ain't no witch!
dialog: MIKE (his face darkening)
dialog: Miller, you keep walkin’.
speaker_heading: PAUL DEAN
dialog: Y'all's mama's the witch? Man!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That's weird. Dang, does she turn people into pigs and thangs for real?
speaker_heading: PAUL DEAN (to Mike)
dialog: That's why you never told us where you lived, ‘cause your mama's a -
text: Mike pops Paul Dean a good one right in the eye and then pounces on him. Tommy jumps in,
text: and the three of them roll around fighting in the street. Miller and Stanley are looking on wide-
dialog: eyed.
text: Mike's anger is great, and he's getting the better of the two boys. A car tops the hill, barely sees
text: the boys in time, SCREECHES and swerves and HONKS.
text: An old woman and a three-year-old boy come out in the yard closest to the boys. It's Mike and
text: Miller's younger brother, BEN, and his babysitter MRS. FRANCIS.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Mike!
text: Mrs. Francis heads toward the house next door: the brick house of the "witch."
speaker_heading: MRS. FRANCIS (screeching)
dialog: Annie! Annie, come out, Mike's fightin’ in the street!
text: The main entrance to the house is of f of a carport where an old Oldsmobile Cutlass is parked.
text: After a moment, the door and the screen door open, and out comes ANNIE WILSON.
text: The screen door BANGS shut behind her as Annie, early 30's, hurries across the fragrant green
text: grass toward the street. She's wearing a simple loose pastel-pink dress, and white socks and
dialog: tennis shoes. She's extremely lovely.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mike! Mike, you get up from there, mister, right now!
text: Annie arrives at the street and reaches into the SNARLING, CUSSING, thrashing mass of boys,
text: and pulls Mike up by the arm.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What do you mean, Mike? Y'all could've been run over!
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: The boys called you a witch, mama, and Mike beat 'em up.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You boys go on home now. Mike, you know I've got appointments
dialog: to see in there. Now you go get Ben from Miz Francis and watch him
dialog: till I'm through.
text: Mike, wiping his slightly bleeding mouth off with the back of his arm, trudges off toward Ben
text: and Mrs. Francis as Paul Dean and Tommy, cowed by the appearance of the "witch," start off
text: down the street with much muttering and many a backward glance. But Stanley remains standing
text: near Miller, and gazes up at Annie with his bespectacled, owl-like eyes.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: You don't look like no witch. Witches are ugly.
text: Annie manages a slight smile.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You better got home, darlin’. Miller, go help your brother with Ben.
dialog: And take out the trash too, honey. And feed Butch. My appointments
dialog: are over at 5:30, and I'll get y'all something from Dairy Queen.
text: Annie heads back to her house, where a middle-aged BLACK WOMAN has come out on the
dialog: carport.
speaker_heading: BLACK WOMAN
dialog: Everything all right?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think my sons play soldier a little too often.
text: Now the black woman opens up her huge purse, and begins to search through it a little
text: dubiously.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Dorothy, I know you got a check comin' the first of the month.
dialog: We'll settle up then.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (BLACK WOMAN) (relieved)
dialog: You sure, Miss Annie?
text: ANNIE (as she opens the door to go back inside)
dialog: I'm sure.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Annie enters. The place is modestly furnished but neat as a pin. A coffee table is laden with
text: magazines, as in a doctor's waiting room. A middle-aged WOMAN sits on a sofa by the coffee
text: table looking through a magazine with a movie star on the cover.
text: In a chair sits a lanky man in overalls, who is sheepishly looking at the floor. He looks like
text: Heckyl or Jecky! with Alfalfa's haircut, and is missing every other tooth. On the floor beside him
text: is a basket of rosy, down-covered peaches.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Cornelius, I'm ready for you now.
text: CORNELIUS rises, without looking at Annie.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Okay, Miss Annie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Pretty peaches.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Yes ma'am.
text: Staring at the floor, Cornelius follows Annie down a narrow hallway to a room at its end.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM-READING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Annie and Cornelius enter, Annie closing the door behind them. The room is all in blue - blue
text: walls, blue curtains, blue bedspread, blue everything. It is a calm and soothing room.
text: They sit down across from each other at a little desk. on the desk is a deck of small cards, which
text: Annie begins to shuffle. The cards have been shuffled so many times that they have a tissue
dialog: paper delicacy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How have you been, Cornelius?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Oh, pretty good I reckon.
text: Annie divides the cards out into three stacks. They are ESP cards, with four different symbols on
text: them: a cross, a square, a circle, and four wavy lines. During this scene Annie's constantly
text: reshuffling and dividing the cards into stacks, concentrating on them the whole time.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Have you had a health problem since I saw you last?
text: Cornelius is very shy, and never makes eye contact with Annie.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Ma'am?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Have you been sick?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: My back's been hurtin’ a little.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, it's not your back. Have you been bleeding somewhere?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Yes ma'am. A little.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Have you been to a doctor?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I don't much like goin’ to no doctors.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well, I think maybe you should go. It's not a veneral disease, I think
dialog: it's just same kind of kidney or bladder infection. But it's been around
dialog: for a while. It can lead to more serious problems.
text: A baffled look has appeared on Cornelius's face - this is all going way over his Heckyl-Jeckyl
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You are bleeding when you urinate, aren't you?
text: Cornelius grapples with the word "urinate."
speaker_heading: ANNIE (gently)
dialog: When you go to the bathroom.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (bright red)
dialog: Yes ma'am.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Don't be embarrassed. It happens to lots of people. With your history
dialog: you should be happy it's not a sexually transmitted disease.
text: Cornelius turns redder.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Would you like me to call a doctor for you?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Allright.
text: ANNIE (after some shuffling and studying of the cards)
dialog: Have you lost one of your girlfriends this week?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Yes ma'am. Ruth Allen went back to her husband.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You shouldn't fool with married women out there in Lonsville, those
dialog: old man out there are crazy. You'll get yourself shot.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (alarmed)
dialog: Did you see that in the cards?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, that's just common sense.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How many women are you seeing now?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Not quite so many as I was a while back. I'm kindly scared of havin'
dialog: any more childern. My pension check is just all eat up with payin’ off
dialog: for them four childern already.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (patiently)
dialog: How many are you seeing?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS (thinks)
dialog: I reckon somewhere right about two dozen off and on. But some of
dialog: ‘em's kinda puny and cain't carry on too regular.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Cornelius, it doesn't take ESP to tell you, you shouldn't be seeing over
text: 20 women at once.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I just cain't help myself, Miss Annie. I'm just geared up that way.
text: Annie smiles a little, continues shuffling the cards...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN AND LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie's clearing up the remnants of the Dairy Queen meal. She looks tired. In the b.g., the boys
text: watch TV in the living room, the two younger ones on the floor in pajamas. Mike in an armchair,
text: staring at the TV but not really paying attention.
text: Annie finishes up dumping the white sacks in the trash and wiping off the table, and now walks
dialog: to her boys.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You kids get on to bed now, it's nearly nine.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Aw Mama, can't we stay up just a little bit?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You heard me, mister.
text: Miller gets up reluctantly. He sees that Ben's fallen asleep, and he picks him up and begins to lug
text: him out. But as Miller reaches the hallway, he stops.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Mama, what does "fuck" mean?
dialog: ANNIE (taking it in stride)
dialog: It's a bad word for something nice.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: But what does it mean?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It means making love. That's how your daddy and me made your
dialog: brothers and you.
text: This seems to satisfy Miller, and he goes off down the hall with Ben. Annie, a neatness freak, has
text: begun straightening up the living room. Mike's still in the armchair.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mike, did you hear me?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Get ready for bed.
text: Mike gets up and begins dragging out of the room.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mike, your lip's draggin’ the floor - it's gonna freeze like that if
dialog: you're not careful.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: You act like I'm a kid.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You are a kid, honey. I'll come say good night in a few minutes.
text: Mike departs as Annie cleans.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie, in a flannel nightgown, sits at her little desk shuffling and dividing her cards into stacks.
text: She is reading for herself. She looks sad and lonely, alone in her blue room.
text: After a minute, she sets the cards aside, gets up, and goes to her dresser. She pulls open a drawer,
text: then takes out a framed photograph: it shows a smiling, handsome young man in a Navy
text: uniform. She looks at it for a moment, then gently touches the man's face.
text: Annie smiles sadly, and turns off the light.
scene_heading: INT. AND EXT. ANNIE'S CUTLASS - DAY
text: Annie's driving down the street - the RADIO's on a country station. As she makes a right turn
text: into the post office, the driver's-side door suddenly flies open.
dialog: ANNIE (pulling the door shut)
dialog: Damn -
text: Annie holds on to the door till she's in a parking space - then she looks at the door, sighs, and
text: cuts the engine.
scene_heading: EXT. AN AUTO REPAIR SHOP - DAY
text: As Annie's Cutlass turns into the parking lot, the door flies open again.
text: Annie parks the car and gets out. A MAN in his 30's, moustached, baseball-capped, blue-jeaned,
text: and T-shirted, comes out of the garage to greet her.
dialog: MAN (looking glad to see her)
dialog: Hey, Miz Wilson, how are you gettin' along today?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Pretty good, Buddy, except for the fact I can't keep my car door
dialog: from flyin' open. Have you got time to fix it?
speaker_heading: BUDDY (MAN)
dialog: (taking a look at the door)
dialog: I can get around to it in a hour or two. Did you want to wait?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I've got to get home. I've got people comin’.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, just leave it and I'll carry you home. I can bring it to you
dialog: probably by six. That all right?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah, that's fine.
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Listen, Buddy, I'm a little low on money this week, can you -
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You stop that. You know you ain't gotta pay me.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I feel bad about -
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I said you stop it now. As much as you've - well, you know.
dialog: At first we've gotten the feeling that Buddy's attracted to Annie, but now we realize something
text: different's at work: Buddy's looking at her as if she's a goddess or angel.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I just think the world of you. Well, you're about the only one
dialog: I can call a friend to me.
text: He blushes.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I'll get the truck.
scene_heading: INT. AND EXT. TOW TRUCK, MOVING DOWN A STREET - DAY
text: Buddy is driving Annie home. Annie looks caringly at Buddy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How have you been, Buddy? Really.
speaker_heading: BUDDY (slowly)
dialog: Well, I have some bad thoughts. It's hard to concentrate on anything.
dialog: But yesterday I felt happy. I didn't even feel like I needed my medicine,
dialog: but I took it anyway. I think I might be hooked on it, sorta.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You're gonna have a lot of happy days. You're gonna get better and better.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, I hope. I believe you when you tell me.
text: They fall silent. Buddy's mood seems sad and dark and sweet. But then, as they drive, he begins
text: to get tense. He shifts in his seat, and grips the steering wheel tighter and tighter. After a while he
text: starts to shake, and then he makes LOW MOANING SOUNDS.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Buddy?
text: Buddy suddenly whips the truck off the street, bouncing it over a curb and across the sidewalk
text: and half into somebody's front yard, where he stops it with a lurch.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Buddy, what's wrong?
text: Buddy turns to Annie, there are tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You have to tell me! You have to tell me now! If you don't I'll have
dialog: to kill myself before the sun goes down.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Calm down, Buddy, it's all right. I'll tell you, honey.
speaker_heading: BUDDY (slowly and intensely)
dialog: If I look into a blue diamond, and think a negative thought - will I die?
dialog: ANNIE (takes his hand)
dialog: No, Buddy, you won't die. You won't die, hun.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Thank you. ‘Cause if you'd said yes, I'd have to kill myself before
dialog: sundown.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You don't have to kill yourself, Buddy. Everything's gonna be fine.
dialog: I'll always tell you. I promise I'll always tell you.
text: Buddy lays his head on the steering wheal and cries, as Annie gently rubs his back. In the b.g., in
text: the house they 're in front of , we see a LITTLE GIRL peering curiously out through the curtains
text: at the tow truck on her front lawn...
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S "BLUE" ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: The window is open in Annie's bedroom-reading room, and the diaphanous blue curtains are a
text: luminous tangle of sun and breeze.
text: Annie is shuffling and studying her cards at her little table. Sitting across from her is a WOMAN
text: in her mid 30's. She's wearing blue jeans and dark glasses. She's pretty, and would be prettier
text: except for a hair-do that doesn't quite work, and the fact that her lip is swollen and blue.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Anita, you may as well take the glasses off, I know he's been hitting
dialog: you again. I see your lip.
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: I know, it just embarrasses me.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's okay.
text: Anita removes the glasses - the flesh around her eyes is a rich and sickening configuration of
dialog: blacks and blues and yellows.
text: She stops herself.
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: He's got worse. I went to the store yesterday ‘cause we were out of some
dialog: things, and he got bone from work before I got back. He was waitin’ with
text: a razor strap. My legs are all cut up. I've got welts the size of footballs on
dialog: my back and legs.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I feel guilty you paying me money to tell you to get away from him. It
dialog: doesn't take ESP to tell you that. You have to get help. Legal help.
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: You just don't know Donnie Barksdale, Annie. He'll kill me if I leave
dialog: him. He'll find me, he said he would.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He's not crazy enough to kill anybody. He's just an insecure redneck.
dialog: ANITA (beginning to cry)
dialog: You just don't know. I've seen him -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: He's just crazy. Crazier than you know.
dialog: ANNIE (studying the cards)
dialog: I really feel he won't kill you. He's too interested in himself to
dialog: jeopardize his own life.
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: I think he's got a woman on the side. He's been layin' out at night.
text: There's a KNOCK at the door, and then it's pushed open by Mrs. Francis, the old lady babysitter.
speaker_heading: MRS. FRANCIS
dialog: Honey, the school's on the phone. They say Mike's got in some trouble.
scene_heading: INT. PRATT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - AFTERNOON
text: Annie comes through the front entrance, walks quickly down the empty hall.
scene_heading: INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: Annie appears at the open door of the office.
text: Standing against one wall is a miniature basketball goal, and on the principal's desk is a
text: miniature basketball. WAYNE PULLMAN, in his 30's, good-looking and fit, wearing a short-
text: sleeve white shirt and a colorful tie, looks up from some paperwork.
text: WAYNE (gets up and shakes Annie's hand)
dialog: Hi, Mrs. Wilson, have a seat.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (looking around)
dialog: Where's Mike?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
text: In the infirmary.
dialog: (as Annie looks alarmed)
dialog: Now it's nothing to get worked up about, he's just got a few nicks and
dialog: bruises - and I think he'll probably have a pretty good shiner by tomorrow.
text: Annie sinks down in a hard wooden chair in front of the desk, looking discouraged.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He was in another fight?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Wayne sits down on the edge of his desk, looks at Annie. His demeanor's professional, but still
dialog: there's something that lets us know he thinks Annie's a mighty attractive woman.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: His grades are getting worse too. How's he doin’ at home?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Not much better. He's real distant.
dialog: WAYNE (hesitantly)
dialog: Mrs. Wilson, I don't pretend to be a psychologist - but it's obvious to me
dialog: your boy's got a lot of anger in him.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (after a pause)
dialog: It's about this time last year his father passed away. He's still real messed
text: up over it.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (gently)
dialog: I never met your husband, but I understand he was a fine man.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (calmly)
dialog: Yes - he was.
text: There's a silence - Wayne moves on.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I don't know how you feel about therapy, but I know a good one in
dialog: Little Rock. If you think Mike needs someone to talk to, I could set up
dialog: an appointment and -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mike doesn't need a therapist - he can talk to me.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Do you think he will though?
text: There's a KNOCK on the door frame - Annie and Wayne look and see:
text: A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN standing in the doorway. She's in her middle 20's, has long lustrous
text: hair and long legs and her shapely body is sheathed in striking and obviously expensive clothes.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: I'm sorry, Wayne, I didn't know you had somebody in here. That old
text: lady wasn't at her desk.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Ruby's out sick -
text: Wayne looks acutely uncomfortable as the woman walks in and gives him a kiss on the cheek.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Mrs. Wilson, this is Jessica King, my fiancée. Jessie, this is Annie Wilson.
dialog: ANNIE (as they shake hands)
dialog: Nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (YOUNG WOMAN) (looking her over)
dialog: You too.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (to Jessica)
dialog: I'll be done in a minute -
speaker_heading: ANNIE (standing up)
dialog: I gotta go anyway, I got people waiting. Should I take Mike home?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, that might be best. I'll show you where the infirmary's at.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
text: (putting a restraining hand on his arm)
dialog: You just go out the hall and it's to the left, you can't miss it
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: I had my first period there.
text: ANNIE (moving toward the door)
dialog: Thanks a lot, Mr. Pullman. I'm sorry about all this.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: It's my job. He's just a boy, that's all.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: You're not that Wilson that's a fortune taller, are you?
text: ANNIE (pausing at the door; a bit wary)
dialog: I don't call myself that.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I'd love for you to read my fortune.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm pretty booked up...
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: So do you think we'll live happily ever after?
text: Jessica has grabbed Wayne's arm, it's like she's posing with Wayne for a picture. Annie
text: obviously wants to disengage as fast as she can - but now, as she looks at the two, an odd look
text: appears in her eyes. For a long moment, she stares at them.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (suddenly chilled)
dialog: What's the matter? You see something bad?
text: Now Annie seems to shake herself ever so slightly, as though coming back to herself.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (softly)
dialog: ‘Course not. I'm sure y'all will be real happy together.
text: Annie moves to the door and, after giving them a final glance, shuts it behind her.
text: Jessica smiles, trying to shrug off her momentary unease.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: She's kind of pretty... in a country sort of way - don't you think?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You shouldn't have said that stuff about her bein’ a fortuneteller.
dialog: Sometimes you don't have any tact, Jessie. You embarrass me.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: She didn't care. What are you defendin' her for anyway?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I'm not defending her.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Anyhow, I have to meet Daddy for lunch at the Country Club.
dialog: (moving into his arms)
dialog: I've only got a few minutes, let's have a quickie.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Jessie, I can't do that. You're gonna get me fired -
dialog: JESSICA (kissing his neck)
dialog: Come on, Principal, get your britches down. Bend me over your desk
dialog: like you do all these little 10-year-olds. I'll let you paddle me.
text: Jessica slides her hand down to Wayne's crotch. Wayne starts to simile.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: God damn you, Jessie...
text: Suddenly Wayne pushes Jessica away, and moves to the door. He locks it - then turns and looks
text: back at Jessica. Jessica smiles - picks up the miniature basketball from the desk.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Think I can... "put it in the hole"?
text: She tosses the ball towards the miniature goal. It bounces off the rim. She shrugs, then looks
dialog: back at Wayne.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (softly)
dialog: You try...
text: Wayne moves across the office towards Jessica, bends her back over his desk, wedging himself
text: between her legs, kissing her ferociously...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY AND BOYS' BEDROOM AT ANNIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Annie, in her nightgown, stands at the doorway of her son's bedroom.
scene_heading: ANNIE'S POV: HER THREE SONS ASLEEP.
text: Miller and Ben are in one bed, Mike in another. A lamp on a table between the beds is still on.
text: Mike's sporting his new black eye. A book is lying open across his chest.
text: Annie comes in quietly, picks up the book. it's a small photo album, turned to a page of pictures
text: of Mike and his father at a zoo.
text: Annie puts the book on a shelf, and turns off the light.
text: As she moves back out into the hall towards her bedroom, she's startled by a sharp KNOCK at
text: the front door.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie moves into the living room. She turns on the outside light and unlocks the door. There's a
text: chain on it, and she opens the door a couple of inches and peers out.
text: ANNIE'S POV: A MAN ABOUT 35 IN BLUE JEANS AND COWBOY SHIRT.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Could I do something for you?
speaker_heading: MAN (politely)
dialog: Yes ma'am, I'm Donnie Barksdale. I'm sorry to bother you so late, but
dialog: I believe you know my wife Anita.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (coldly)
dialog: Yes I do. I know who you are.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (MAN)
dialog: Can I come in and talk to you, it's about my wife Something's happened
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (alarmed)
dialog: What's happened? Is she okay?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Well no, she's not, ma'am.
text: Annie still makes no move to open the door.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Ma'am, I promise I'll just take a minute.
text: Annie reluctantly relents, unhooks the chain. She steps back a little as Donnie Barksdale comes
dialog: in.
text: He's a big man with broad shoulders and a rough but not unhandsome face. Annie stands there in
text: her nightgown, vary of him. He's smiling a little, looking her up and down.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (with quiet venom)
dialog: What's happened to her is she's gettin’ her head filled full of
dialog: shit by a goddamned Satan worshipper or a damn good con
dialog: artist, one of the two. I know she's been comin' over to see
dialog: you and your damn voodoo. You tell her bad things about me,
dialog: don't you? You ain't no better than a Jew or a nigger.
text: He reaches in his pocket and pulls out a cute squat little figure with long green hair - a children's
text: toy, a “troll doll." He holds it up in front of her.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: You know what this is? It's a voodoo doll. I'm gonna use this voodoo
dialog: doll on you. Some of your own medicine, if you don't stop seein' my wife.
dialog: I'm stickin' me a pin in this thing ever' night till you learn to leave folks
dialog: alone.
text: He looks at something behind Annie. Annie turns, and sees her three kids, sleepy-eyed and
text: frightened, standing in their pajamas all in a row.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You kids go back to bed. Everything's all right.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: I bet you love those little childern, don't you? I bet they need their mama,
dialog: don't they?
dialog: ANNIE (with cold fury)
dialog: You get your ass out of my house and don't you threaten me or my kids.
dialog: You can whack your wife around but I'm not afraid of the likes of you.
dialog: What I do is my business and if your wife has any sense she'll leave you
dialog: so far behind you'll never find her. Now get out of here before I get you
text: thrown in jail.
text: Donnie starts for the door, grinning. Just before he closes the door, he turns.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Messin’ with the devil will get you burned. Everybody knows that.
dialog: I'll see you soon, boys.
text: Now he leaves - and Annie hurries to lock the door behind him. Mike and Miller stare at their
text: mom, bewildered and scared - but Ben has a mild look on his face.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Mama, can I have a troll doll?
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD OF ANNIE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: OPEN ON BEN, playing with Butch, a rather mean-looking bulldog who is tethered to a tree by
text: a long chain.
text: Another ANGLE shows us Annie, hanging her wash on a clothes line. It's a beautiful mild spring
text: day. Only a drifting white cloud or two interrupts the sky's blueness. Annie, HUMMING to
text: herself, her and her wash drenched in sunlight, holds a clothes pin in her mouth as she hangs a
dialog: sheet.
text: Suddenly a look of astonishment appears on Annie's face.
text: An OLD WOMAN ina gingham dress and a sun bonnet is walking towards her across the yard
text: carrying a basket of fruit.
text: Now the old woman reaches Annie. Under the shadow of the bonnet, Annie can see the old
text: woman's clear blue smiling eyes regarding her.
text: ANNIE (in an awed whisper)
dialog: Granny? Granny, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: GRANNY
dialog: Hey Annie Bell. I brought you some persimmons, hun. Some of 'em's
dialog: kindly rotten though. You'll have to pick through 'em. Remember how
dialog: much you liked persimmons when you was little?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Granny... is that really you?
speaker_heading: GRANNY
dialog: Well of course it's me, child.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: But Granny, you're -
text: Annie stops herself.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You're not supposed to be here. How did you get here?
speaker_heading: GRANNY
dialog: Oh, it ain't fer to walk.
text: Annie stands there looking at the old woman, incredible love in her eyes. She starts to cry softly.
speaker_heading: GRANNY
dialog: That boy's got your granddad's eyes.
text: Annie looks over at Ben, who's still absorbed in playing with the dog. Now the old woman
text: smiles, and brushes the hair off Annie's forehead.
speaker_heading: GRANNY
dialog: Well, hun, I better start back. It looks like they's a storm comin’.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, Granny, it's clear.
text: But then suddenly the sunlight vanishes as a giant shadow covers the back yard. Annie looks up,
text: and sees black surreal-looking clouds moving swiftly across the sky.
text: And now a wind kicks up, and the clothes on the line blow all around them. Annie takes a few
text: frightened steps backwards, looking up at the sky and then at her grandmother.
text: Lightning flashes and there's a CRACK of thunder, and leaves and small branches ripped loose
text: from trees are flying past Annie, and now the old woman, the sheet swirling around her,
text: SHOUTS above the wind:
speaker_heading: GRANNY
dialog: Annie, always use your instinct!
text: And the old woman smiles at Annie out of the swirling sheet, and the wind's blowing harder and
text: the ominous blue-black clouds are whipping faster and faster above Annie's head and then
dialog: suddenly:
text: The wind stops. Granny is gone. The white sheet is hanging limply in the sunlight.
text: Annie looks over at Ben. He's still playing happily with Butch, who's emitting a few gruff, half-
text: hearted BARKS as he chases Ben around.
text: Annie, dazed, looks up at the sky. It is blue and bright...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM AND HALLWAY OF ANNIE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ben is on the floor, half watching a cartoon on television, half playing with his new family of
text: troll dolls. A COUPLE OF RATHER OVER-DRESSED, OVER-STUFFED, AND OVER-
text: ROUGED AND -POWDERED LADIES are waiting for readings, leafing through magazines.
text: Miller, kneeling on some newspapers a few feet from Ben at the beginning of the hallway, has a
text: can of paint and a paint brush, and is painting the wall maroon.
text: Now Ben looks around at the women with his face scrunched up.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Somethin’ smells like cat pee.
text: MILLER (in a loud half-whisper)
dialog: That's perfume, Ben. And you're not suppose to cuss in front of
dialog: the pointments.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S BLUE ROOM - DAY
text: Annie is reading for Anita Barksdale.
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: He was serious when he came over here the other night. He'll hurt
dialog: you too. I think maybe you should start readin' for me someplace else.
text: Out on a road somewhere. Up under a bridge or somethin’.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm not worried about me, I can take care of myself. You have to start
dialog: listening to ‘me though -
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: I can't leave him, don't you understand?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He's gonna keep hurtin you till he puts you in the hospital -
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: Annie, I just don't have a thing to look forward to, you've just gotta give
dialog: me some hope-
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Anita, I don't know how to make myself any clearer. Your only hope is to
text: There's the sudden sound of the front door SLAMMING, and then:
speaker_heading: DONNIE (0.S.) (bellowing)
dialog: Anita!
text: Annie and Anita look at each other, their blood running cold.
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: Oh my god, he's here!
text: Annie starts to get up from the table.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Just settle down, Anita, I'll call the law.
text: They hear cowboy boots CLOMPING down the hall, and Donnie SCREAMING ANITA'S
text: NAME again.
speaker_heading: ANITA (desperately)
dialog: If you're my friend you won't, Annie!
text: And now the nightmare that is Donnie Barksdale bursts through the door. His face is red and
text: disfigured with rage.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (to Annie)
dialog: I'll handle you later on you goddamn bitch! You goddamn witch!
dialog: (to Anita)
dialog: Get your whimperin' ass up from there, Anita, and get in the truck!
dialog: That ain't fast enough!
text: Donnie grabs Anita by the hair and yanks her out of the chair. The little table's knocked over,
text: Annie's cards flutter and fly.
text: And now Donnie Barksdale drags his wife out of the room by her hair.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY AND LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Donnie drags Anita down the hallway, Anita SCREAMING at the top of her lungs and Donnie
text: CURSING her. Now Annie comes out of her room after them.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You let her go!
text: As Donnie passes Miller he kicks over his paint bucket, and Anita is dragged through the paint,
text: leaving a smeary maroon trail as they pass into the living room before the horrified eyes of
text: Annie's sons and the two waiting ladies.
text: Annie, running down into the hallway after them, slips in the paint and falls, and by the time
text: she's up Donnie has dragged his wife out the door.
text: Annie moves into the living room, her white outfit stained with the maroon paint, and as she
text: reaches the door she hears a truck START UP and SCREECH away. Now the older and heavier
text: of the two ladies closes her magazine and stands up.
speaker_heading: LADY (politely)
dialog: Miz Wilson, would you like me to come back some other time?
scene_heading: EXT. PARKER COUNTRY CLUB - NIGHT
text: It's a few days later. A Ford Saturn pulls into the parking lot, and Annie and her friend LINDA
dialog: get out.
text: The Country Club's in the middle of the woods a few miles outside of town. There's a glowing
text: blue empty swimming pool, a couple of tennis courts, a golf course somewhere out there in the
text: dark, and a one-story brick restaurant-bar-rec-room building, from which the throbbing sounds of
text: SOME 70'S ROCK SONG is drifting out.
text: Annie takes it all in, obviously for the first time, as they move toward the entrance of the
text: building. This is an Annie we haven't seen before: in a sedate way, she's dressed to kill, ina
text: modestly cut yellow chiffon dress that flows loosely around her body, and brand-new yellow
dialog: matching pumps.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't know why I let you talk me into this.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: ‘Cause it's time you quit livin’ like a nun.
text: Linda lights up a cigarette. She has bleached-blonde poofed-up hair and long painted nails, and is
text: wearing a black satin dress with red sequins, cut low enough to reveal a bosom that jiggles as she
dialog: walks.
speaker_heading: LINDA (not kidding)
dialog: Don't worry, darlin’, you'll be the prettiest girl here next to me.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY CLUB - NIGHT
text: Annie and Linda sit at a table near a dance floor, Annie nursing a glass of wine, Linda,
text: enwreathed in tobacco smoke, belting down bourbon. A MIDDLE-AGED ROCK GROUP
text: WITH AN ENORMOUSLY FAT LEAD SINGER is playing on a small stage. The dance floor is
text: crowded with the Parker elite, nicely dressed people ranging in age from 20-something to 60-
dialog: something.
dialog: LINDA (grabbing Annie's arm)
dialog: Annie, there he is!
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: That man I was tellin’ you about.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: By the bar. Doesn't he look exactly like George Clooney?
text: Now Annie sees "GEORGE" - leaning on the bar, talking to the bartender. At best, he might
text: resemble George Clooney on his worst... no, not even then... but he is reasonably tall, dark, and
text: handsome; Now he happens to glance up and see Linda pointing at him. He smiles.
dialog: LINDA (jerking her hand down)
dialog: Oh my god he saw me. Annie, get your cards out quick, see if he's
dialog: gonna come over here.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Linda, we'll know in a minute -
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: But I can't stand the suspense.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't have my cards with me anyway - I'm off-duty tonight.
text: Now Annie's gaze drifts back to the dancers.
scene_heading: ANNIE'S POV: MIKE'S PRINCIPAL, WAYNE PULMAN, DANCING WITH JESSICA
dialog: KING.
text: Wayne's an okay dancer, Jessica's spectacular. She looks spectacular too, in a black strapless
text: stretch lycra dress, black hose, black shoes - her shiny hair cascades across her bare shoulders.
text: The SONG ends, and Wayne and Jessica move off the dance floor. Now Wayne sees Annie,
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hi.
dialog: LINDA (still engrossed in "George")
dialog: Wayne, sit down, you're blockin' my view.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (as he and Jessica sit down; to Annie)
dialog: You remember Jessica -
dialog: JESSICA (with her bright smile)
dialog: Hi, Annie. I didn't know you were a member of the Country Club.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm not. I just kinda tagged along with Linda.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: How nice... That's a great outfit. So... demure.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What's Mike up to tonight?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
text: Mopin' around at his babysitter's.
speaker_heading: A TALL MAN of 50 ir
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah? You know, I was thinkin' about Mike just today, I -
speaker_heading: JESSICA (wearily)
dialog: Please don't talk shop tonight, Wayne. Let's just have fun -
text: in an extremely nice suit comes up to the table.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN (to Jessica)
dialog: How about a dance for Daddy?
dialog: JESSICA (arising with a smile)
dialog: Course I will, handsome.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Mr. King, I don't know if you've met Annie Wilson -
text: MR. KING (TALL MAN) (shaking Annie's hand)
dialog: I think I've seen you in church.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I've seen you too.
text: MR. KING (as he takes his daughter out to the dance floor)
dialog: That's quite a dress, Linda.
speaker_heading: LINDA (vindicated)
dialog: I'm glad somebody noticed.
text: WAYNE (to Annie - with a nod toward the dance floor)
dialog: Wanna give it a try?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANNIE (mildly panicked)
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: l asked you to dance, not walk on hot coals. When was the last time
dialog: you danced?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Awhile... but...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'll dance.
text: It's all probably part of a ploy to make "George" jealous - Linda pops up out of her chair and
text: grabs Wayne's hand. Wayne looks over his shoulder at Annie and gives a little shrug as Linda
text: leads him away.
text: Annie's left alone at the table - but only momentarily.
text: She looks up - not too far up - and sees standing at her side a YOUNG MAN who couldn't be
text: older than 20 or taller than five feet six. He' a grinning at her, a-tingle with testosterons.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: So...
dialog: (shooting his cuffs)
dialog: What do ya say?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: THE BAND, A LITTLE LATER.
text: The enormously f at lead singer and his middle-aged bandmates have donned dark suits and
text: sunglasses and are doing a Blues Brothers number.
text: ON ANNIE AND LINDA, WATCHING.
text: Linda finishes off her fourth or fifth bourbon, then pointedly taps Annie's scarcely touched glass
dialog: of wine.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Darlin’, if you don't drink it it's gonna evaporate.
dialog: (suddenly freezing)
dialog: Oh my god. Here he comes.
text: Annie looks and sees "George" making his way across the room toward them.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Annie, what'll I say?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (soothingly)
dialog: Just be yourself...
text: "George" reaches their table - smiles down at, to Annie's horror, Annie.
speaker_heading: "GEORGE"
dialog: (in a deep, resonant voice)
dialog: Hi. I'm Eric Utman.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm Annie, and this is my friend Linda.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (all but batting her eyes)
dialog: Hello, Eric.
text: Eric gives Linda a perfunctory nod.
speaker_heading: ERIC ("GEORGE")
dialog: Hi.
dialog: (returning his attention to Annie)
dialog: I manage the restaurant here. I don't believe I've seen you here before. -
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: She's my guest. I'm here all the time. Poor thing, she hardly ever leaves
dialog: the house. She's got three kids to take care of. The oldest one's 11.
dialog: (patting Annie's hand sympathetically)
dialog: Sometimes we're a lot older than we look, aren't we, Annie?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: I love kids.
text: Annie suddenly stands up, putting a firm hand on Eric's big shoulder and pushing him down into
text: a chair.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Eric, why don't you just sit yourself down, while I go lookin’ for the ladies’
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (shooting Annie a grateful look)
text: It's on the other side of the band down that little hallway.
dialog: (as Annie moves away)
dialog: Take your time! -
dialog: (to Eric, who's wondering how Annie got away)
dialog: Now where'd you get that tie?
text: ON ANNIE, moving past the band. She reaches the indicated hallway, goes down it. She sees a
text: door that says "WOMEN'S LOCKER ROOM." A bit uncertainly, she enters.
scene_heading: INT. WOMEN'S LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie sees a row of lockers and wooden benches along one wall, and another running down the
text: middle of the room, and toilet facilities and a shower room directly in front of her. No one else is
text: around. She moves forward; but as she passes the row of lockers in the middle, she hears a
text: woman LAUGH.
text: ANNIE'S POV: AT THE FAR END OF THE ROOM, JESSICA, PRESSED UP AGAINST A
text: LOCKER BY A HANDSOME YOUNG BLOND MAN.
text: Annie stares transfixed as the blond man pulls down the top of Jessica's dress, begins to kiss her
text: breasts. But then, as though the man senses some third presence, he begins to look up - Annie
text: steps back quickly out of sight.
speaker_heading: BLOND MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Somebody might come in.
speaker_heading: JESSICA (O.S.)
dialog: Then you better fuck me fast...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Annie, looking somewhat shaken at what she's seen, comes back out. Two women walk past her,
text: go into a room at the end of the hallway - the ladies' room. Annie follows...
scene_heading: EXT. THE COUNTRY CLUB - NIGHT
text: Annie comes out, seeking fresh air. She's at the back of the building - a covered wooden
text: walkway runs along its side. A short distance away are the woods.
text: After a few moments Annie sees, at the other end of the walkway, leaning on the railing and
text: drinking a beer, Wayne.
text: Annie hesitates, undecided about whether to make her presence known - but the decision's made
text: for her when Wayne looks in her direction, gives her a rather forlorn wave.
text: Annie walks to him.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Havin' a good time?
text: Annie nods, unconvincingly.
dialog: WAYNE (with a little laugh)
dialog: Me neither... I've just come to the conclusion that I'm not the Country
dialog: Club type.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm sure not.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Seen Jessica around?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (after a pause)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: She up and disappeared on me. She's got a way of doin’ that.
text: Wayne, obviously a little drunk, takes a pull on his beer.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What do you think of Jessica?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: She's very ... beautiful.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: The main thing about Jessie is - she's so full of life. Sometimes I don't
dialog: think I really measure up in that department.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think you do. I know it.
text: WAYNE (looking at her curiously)
dialog: What do you mean you "know"? You mean like in an ESP kinda way?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (after a pause)
dialog: You don't believe in it...
dialog: WAYNE (with a shrug)
dialog: I just don't think there are any great mysteries in life. I kinda figure what
dialog: you see is what you get.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You wanna sit down?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay.
text: They move over to some wooden steps a few feet away and sit down. Wayne fishes in a pocket
text: for his cigarettes, lights up. Annie takes off her shoes, rubs her feet.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (ruefully)
dialog: I'm used to tennie shoes.-
text: For a few moments they sit in silence, facing the dark mass of the woods. Stars glitter above
text: them. The air is a-throb with the sounds of FROGS and CRICKETS - Annie's listening to them.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: This reminds me of when I was a kid - sittin’ out an the well, and thinkin’
dialog: so many thoughts you couldn't count ‘em.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Where'd you grow up?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: This T-tiny town called Alpine. Only had about a hundred people
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: We were probably the last folks in Arkansas without indoor plumbin’.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: How'd you wind up in Parker?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: My husband got a job here... out at the cable plant...
dialog: WAYNE (after a pause)
dialog: Did you - "know" - that something was gonna happen to your husband?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (quietly)
dialog: I didn't know there was gonna be an explosion. But the night before, I
dialog: had bad dreams. I dreamed... that I was all by myself... that Ben wasn't
dialog: around anymore. I tried to talk him out of goin’ in to work the next day,
dialog: but -
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You kind of remind me of him. Not the way you look. Just your manner.
text: Wayne, looking at Annie, takes a last drag on his cigarette, flicks it out into the grass.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Wayne?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (softly; meaning it)
dialog: Lookin’ at these trees and these stars - listenin’ to these sounds - how can
dialog: you think life's not a mystery?
text: They look at each other - there's a silence - it's not exactly a pre-kiss moment, but...
text: Footsteps begin to CLOP their way down the wooden walkway. It's Jessica.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Wayne? I've been lookin, for you everywhere.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I've been right here.
dialog: JESSICA (her gaze taking in Annie)
dialog: Isee.
text: Annie inspects Jessica: there's a post-sex flush to her cheeks, brightness in her eyes. Wayne
text: begins to stand up, and Jessica grabs his hand.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: Come on, let's go talk to Daddy. He's feelin’ depressed tonight, that big
dialog: deal he was workin' on went bad -
text: Wayne exchanges a last look with Annie before being dragged away by Jessica.
text: Annie puts her shoes back on; but she doesn't get up - keeps sitting there. She looks at the orange
text: glow in the grass of Wayne's discarded cigarette - then she gazes into the trees.
text: PULL BACK FROM ANNIE ON THE STEPS,
text: alone with the trees and crickets and frogs and stars, with the mystery...
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. FRANCIS' AND ANNIE'S HOUSES - NIGHT
text: Annie, back from her Country Club adventure, has fetched her kids. Mrs. Francis stands in the
text: doorway waving, there are AD-LIBBED GOOD-BYES. Now Annie's moving with her sons
text: across the yard to her house. Miller's walking alongside Annie, Mike's trailing, with Ben asleep
text: in his arms.
text: Miller turns the pockets of his pants inside out, and crumbs and chunks of something spill out
text: onto the grass.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Blueberry muffins.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What are you doin' with blueberry muffins in your pockets?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Miz Francis cooked am.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay. But why are they in your pockets?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: They're in my pockets ‘ause I put ‘em there when she wasn't lookin’ so I
dialog: wouldn't have to eat ‘em. Her blueberry muffins is terrible, Mama!
speaker_heading: ANNIE (laughs)
dialog: Are terrible, honey.
text: She ruffles Miller's hair then kisses the top of his head. Mike watches, looking a bit jealous.
text: They move into the carport. Annie goes in her purse for her keys.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Mama, look.
text: ANNIE'S POV: IN THE KITCHEN WINDOW, THERE'S A STRANGE FAINT BLUE GLOW.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (quietly)
dialog: Y'all wait here.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, KITCHEN, AND HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Annie comes in, turns on the light.
text: She moves slowly into the kitchen, which is filled with a bluish glow. She looks toward the
dialog: stove.
scene_heading: ANNIE'S POV: FOUR BLUE RINGS OF CLAW-LIKE FIRE.
text: Bewildered, Annie moves to the stove, turns the burners off.
text: Now she comes back out into the living room ... turns the light in the hallway on...moves down
dialog: it.
text: When she reaches the boys' bedroom, she turns on the light, peers in. There's a baseball bat lying
text: against the wall near the door, and Annie takes it.
text: Now she moves on down the hall towards her closed bedroom door. She reaches it... turns the
text: knob... then, bat at the ready, throws it open, steps through, and turns on the light.
scene_heading: INT. THE BLUE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie's staring at something in disbelief.
scene_heading: ANNIE IS POV: ON HER TABLE, HIM CARDS HAVE VERY CAREFULLY BEEN LAID
text: OUT, IN AN ARRANGEMENT THAT SPELLS:
speaker_heading: SATAN
text: Numbly, Annie looks around the room. The only other area that's amiss is the dresser, where a
text: pair of her panties are draped over a photograph frame.
text: She moves to the dresser, picks up the panties... then something about them makes her drop them
text: in sudden disgust.
text: Now she sees that the picture of her husband is missing from the photograph frame.
speaker_heading: MIKE (O.S.)
dialog: Mama?
text: She looks around and sees Mike and his two brothers standing fearfully in the doorway, staring
text: at the table.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Is everything okay?
dialog: ANNIE (putting the bat down)
dialog: Everything's fine.
text: As she passes the table she obliterates the word there by quickly sweeping her cards up into a
text: pile. Then, ushering her sons out, she shuts the door.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNIE'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: A police car is parked in the driveway. Now the front door opens, and Annie comes walking out
text: with a skinny policeman, OFFICER EFIRD.
text: OFFICER EFIRD (as they move to his car)
dialog: I'd put a dead bolt on that back door, I figure that's where he got in. I had
dialog: a burglar myself a couple years back, he -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I told you, it wasn't a burglar.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It was a man named Donnie Barksdale.
speaker_heading: OFFICER EFIRD (surprised)
dialog: Donnie?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: OFFICER EFIRD
dialog: I go squirrel huntin' with him. What makes you think Donnie would bust
dialog: into your house?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: His wife's one of my... clients. He thinks I'm trying to break up their
dialog: marriage.
speaker_heading: OFFICER EFIRD
dialog: Are you?
text: Annie doesn't reply. Officer Efird climbs into his car.
speaker_heading: OFFICER EFIRD
dialog: Well, I think you're barkin' up the wrong tree with Donnie. He's a little
dialog: high-spirited, but...
dialog: (starting up the car)
dialog: Thanks for the coffee.
text: Annie, looking frustrated, watches the cop back his car out of the driveway. As he heads of f
text: down the street, he meets a tow truck driven by Buddy Cole, the auto repair guy who fixed
text: Annie's car door. Buddy pulls into the driveway, smiling at Annie, who forces a smile back...
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S BLUE ROOM - MORNING
text: Annie's reading for Buddy.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I just can't get through a wall of some kind in my head. or my soul.
dialog: Sometimes I don't know the difference between my head and my soul.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think everybody has that trouble, Buddy.
dialog: (studying the cards)
dialog: Your daddy took things away from you when you were little, didn't he?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yes ma'am. If he seen me havin' a good time with somethin’, a toy or
dialog: somethin’, he I d take it away from me.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did he take other things away from you? Not toys.
dialog: (Buddy is silent)
dialog: You have to find out why you hate him so much, Buddy.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Daddy's a good man. I don't hate him. He's good to Mama and me. Ever’
dialog: kid needs hit with a belt sometimes.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Buddy, try to get past that wall you talk about. You need to talk about
dialog: your daddy.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You tell my why I hate him! You're the goddamn psychic!
text: (takes a deep breath, tries to calm down)
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to yell at you.
dialog: (starts to cry)
dialog: Please help me feel better. Them pills ain't really doin' me much good -
dialog: and I keep thinkin’ about the blue diamond...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think when you remember some things about your childhood and you
dialog: can
dialog: face up to them, you'll feel better.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Do you know things, you don't tell me?
text: For just a moment, Annie hesitates...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I tell you, Buddy. But I just think you need to think about things on your
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Ihave a hard time concentratin' on anything.
dialog: ANNIE (with a sigh)
dialog: So do I, Buddy...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER THAT DAY
text: Miller and Ben are sitting on the floor, where Miller's attempting to teach Ben to play checkers.
text: The phone RINGS. Annie enters from the kitchen, looking weary, as Ban throws a checker
text: across the room.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Miller, Ben's too little to understand checkers -
dialog: (picking up the phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: DONNIE (V.O.)
dialog: You like what I did to your panties? Did you lick it off?
text: As she hears the voice of Donnie Barksdale, Annie's heart, figuratively speaking, stops.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (V.O.)
dialog: You ever see anybody skin a squirrel? You stick a knife in its belly,
dialog: and - zip? Well, that's what I'm gonna do to you and your childern
dialog: if you call the police again -
text: Annie abruptly hangs up ... stares at her kids, obliviously playing...
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S BLUE ROOM.- THAT NIGHT
text: Annie's lying in bed under the covers in her nightgown, reading.
speaker_heading: MIKE (O.S.)
dialog: Mama?
text: Annie looks over...sees Mike standing in the doorway in his pajamas.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How come you're not asleep?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I don't know.
text: Annie notices Mike is looking at the baseball bat leaning on the wall beside her bed.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Don't worry, honey - just go back to bed.
text: But something else is on his mind.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Mama? How come we never go out to the cemetery and see Daddy?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: We went out there just last month - on his birthday.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I've just been so busy -
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Seems like you have time for a lot of strangers.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: If you're talkin’ about my appointments, they're not strangers and they
dialog: put food on our table.
text: Annie goes back to her book - but Mike keeps standing there.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Mama?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Mike, I'm tryin to read.
text: A fleeting look of bitterness and hurt crosses Mike's face. After a moment, he disappears from
text: the doorway. As soon as he does so, Annie glances toward the doorway, then lays her book down
text: on her chest, and stares at the ceiling...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ANNIE'S ROOM, LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The light's off. Annie's asleep.
text: The CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE on Annie I a face. She stirs in her sleep a little, sighs... and
dialog: then suddenly:
text: HANDS ARE WRAPPED AROUND HER THROAT.
text: Annie Is eyes pop open, she is choking, she can I t make a sound, she can see above her the dark
text: bulk of a man straddling and strangling her, one of her hands gropes frantically for the baseball
text: bat, finds it, but before she can swing it it's no longer a bat but a:
text: THICK, TWISTING SNAKE.
text: She drops it. The snake writhes as it falls.
text: ON THE FLOOR: The bat lands with a clatter.
text: ON ANNIE, the hands no longer at her throat. She lunges for the lamp, turns it on. she's alone in
text: the room. She looks down at the bat on the floor, and then at the clock on the bedside table. It
dialog: says: 1:28.
text: Slowly realizing this has just been some sort of dream or vision, and leaving the light on, she lies
text: back in her bed, pulling the covers up to her chin and settling in for the long wait to the dawn...
scene_heading: EXT. PARKER FIRST METHODIST CHURCH - DAY
text: Following the Sunday service, churchgoers are spilling out of the church and down the broad
text: concrete steps, Annie and her sons among them. Annie looks exhausted. At the bottom of the
text: steps they pass near Annie's friend Linda, who's talking to a couple of other women. Now Linda
text: sees Annie and heads for her, an urgent look on her face.
dialog: LINDA (as though imparting a state secret)
dialog: Annie, I know why Kenneth King wasn't in church today!
dialog: ANNIE (truly and deeply not caring)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: His daughter's disappeared.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (surprised)
dialog: Jessica?
dialog: (to her kids)
dialog: Y'all run on to the car, I'll be there in a minute.
text: When they're out of earshot, Annie turns back to Linda, who's lighting up a cigarette, and is ripe
text: as a tick with her gossip.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What do you mean she's disappeared?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Well, Kenneth woke up this mornin’ and Jessica wasn't there and her bed
text: hadn't been slept in. So he called over to Wayne Pullman's lookin’ for her,
text: but Wayne hadn't seen her since last night. Now Kenneth and Wayne are
dialog: out
dialog: combin' the county lookin’ for her. Annie, you think she ran off? I know
dialog: her
dialog: and Wayne were supposed to be married in June, maybe she got cold feet -
text: It is as though a shadow moves across Annie's face.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Maybe...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Maybe this'll clear the way for you and Wayne - .
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What are you talkin’ about?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I saw the way y'all were lookin’ at each other Friday night - y'all both
dialog: just had stars in your eyes -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Linda, that's nuts -
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Annie, love is nuts.
text: (giving her the once-over as she takes a drag on her cigarette)
dialog: You look just terrible, darlin’, you oughta get more rest...
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S KITCHEN - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Annie's at the counter, mixing some cake mix in a big blue bowl. At the same time, she's gazing
text: with a troubled expression at the front page of the Parker Daily Record.
text: There's a photograph of Jessica King, underneath a big headline that says:
text: SEARCH GOES ON FOR FOURTH DAY FOR PARKER WOMAN
scene_heading: AUTHORITIES "FEAR FOUL PLAY"
text: Behind Annie, Ben is sitting on the kitchen table, digging his hand into a can of Pillsbury
text: frosting, putting some into his mouth and the rest into his hair. Now Annie turns and sees him.
dialog: ANNIE (rushing to him)
dialog: Ben, get your hand outa there! That's for y'all's cake tonight. Now
dialog: what an I gonna ice the cake with?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: 1 like it. I like icin', Mama.
dialog: ANNIE (cleaning him up)
dialog: I can see that, honey.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Miller's playing with his dog. Annie opens the screen door, at the same time going into her purse
dialog: for money.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Miller, come here a minute! Go down to the store and get another can of
dialog: icin’.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF ANNIE'S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Miller comes walking out from around the house, heads off down the sidewalk. Now the
text: CAMERA MOVES in the opposite direction from Miller, to show, about a block down the
text: street, a parked pickup truck, a couple of men inside.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET - LATE AFTERNOON
text: ON MILLER, walking.
text: Behind Miller, we see the pickup truck turning a corner, moving slowly up the street. When it
text: gets alongside Miller, we see Donnie Barksdale, his arm hanging out the window. Driving is a
text: younger, fatter, less-handsome version of Donnie, his brother JED.
dialog: DONNIE (with a friendly smile)
dialog: Where ya goin’, son?
text: Miller stops and looks at Donnie - he recognizes him - he's afraid, but tries not to let it show.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Store.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Hop in and we'll give yaa ride.
text: Miller shakes his head, resumes walking. The truck creeps along beside him.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: I got a question for you. You know my wife, Anita? She been around to
dialog: see your mama lately?
dialog: (Miller keeps walking)
dialog: Hey boy! I asked you a question.
text: Miller stops again, turns to face the truck.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: You know, I feel real sorry for you and your brothers - I mean your mama
dialog: bein' a witch and all. If she don't stop her evil ways, someday somebody's
dialog: gonna burn 'or up - and then you boys are gonna be left without a daddy or
dialog: a mama -
text: A tow truck, with a car hitched on, has topped a hill in front of them. Now it brakes to a quick
text: stop in front of the pickup, and Buddy Cole gets out. He moves toward Miller, taking in the
text: terrified look on his face, and casting a suspicious look at the men in the truck.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Miller, you okay?
dialog: MILLER (trying not to burst into tears)
dialog: He said Mama's a witch and they're gonna burn ‘er up!
text: A strange smile comes to Buddy's face as he turns and looks at Donnie.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Oh, he did... ?
speaker_heading: DONNIE (warningly)
dialog: Buddy, you better mind your own bidness...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: J intend to, Donnie.
text: Buddy walks back to his truck, opens the door of the cab, reaches in and withdraws a tire iron,
text: and walks back towards the pickup.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Stand back, Miller...
text: Buddy lifts the tire iron above his head, and smashes it into the pickup's windshield.
text: There follows a frenzy of GRUNTING and smashing as the windshield shatters and showers
text: Donnie and his cringing brother with chunks and fragments of glittering glass.
text: ON MILLER, looking on wide-eyed at the violence.
text: Donnie reaches in the glove compartment, pulls out a .38 revolver, sticks it out the window at
dialog: Buddy.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (to get his attention)
dialog: Cocksucker!
text: Buddy looks at Donnie and the gun, panting, a wild look in his eyes - then he walks over to
text: Donnie, bends over a little, and presses his forehead against the barrel of the pistol.
speaker_heading: BUDDY (grinning)
dialog: Shoot me. Shoot me, motherfucker. Shoot me.
text: Donnie's brother Jed has had enough - as he knocks some glass off his lap:
speaker_heading: JED
dialog: He's crazy -
text: He throws his pickup into reverse, backs up so he can get around Buddy's truck, then takes off
text: down the street. Buddy, with a certain amount of satisfaction, watches then go - but when he
text: turns back to Miller...
text: Miller's running back down the sidewalk, hellbent for home.
text: BUDDY (shouting after him)
dialog: Miller?
text: But Miller doesn't slow or look back.
text: A downcast look appears on Buddy's face. Now he notices an OLD MAN who's come out on the
text: front porch of his house and is observing him and his tire iron.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: What the hell you lookin' at?
text: The man scuttles back inside, as Buddy walks slowly back to his truck...
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Annie and her sons sit around the kitchen table. They've finished supper, and are eating
text: frostingless cake. Forks CLINK against saucers in the silence. Ben crams a chunk of cake into
text: his mouth with his hand.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I want icin’, Mama.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Honey, you've had icin, enough to put you in a coma.
text: Annie glances with concern at Miller, who's poking listlessly at his cake.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: From now on, y'all gotta start stickin' close to home. I want to know
dialog: where y'all are every minute of the day. Mike, I'm gonna start drivin’ you
dialog: and Miller to school -
speaker_heading: MILLER (quietly)
dialog: I wish Daddy was here.
dialog: ANNIE (gently but firmly)
dialog: He's not, hun - but I am - and I'm gonna look out for y'all.
text: The phone RINGS. Annie gets up and answers it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Mr. King... Any news on - ? Yeah, I'll be here all evening.
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: But - why does the Sheriff want to see me?
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Three men sit uncomfortably on Annie's couch; Wayne Pullman and Kenneth King, who both
text: look pale and awful, and SHERIFF PEARL JOHNSON, who's a big tall man in his 50's with a
text: full head of silvery hair. Annie's sitting across from them.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Miz Wilson, I don't believe in what you do, I'll just be straight with you.
dialog: Not only that, I don't like it. I believe it goes agin the Good Lord. But
dialog: we've got to the end of the road in our investigation, we've looked under
dialog: ever' rock there is to look under, and we'd like you to tell us what you can
dialog: to help us. Not no hocus pocus or chantin' and carryin' on, but we know
dialog: you talk to a lot of folks around here and know a lot of folks's bidness.
dialog: You mighta heard somethin’ or somethin’.
speaker_heading: MR. KING
dialog: The only thing we know is, one of Sheriff Johnson's men found her car
dialog: sittin’ out on the parkin' lot of that honkytonk called Pee Jay's - but nobody
dialog: that was there Saturday night admits to havin' seen her.
dialog: (greatly agitated)
dialog: I'm afraid somebody kidnapped her or - or -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't know anything about your daughter's disappearance, Mr. King.
dialog: Wayne, I'm sorry about what's happened. I know you must be going
dialog: through
dialog: a hard time.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: We all are. Isn't there anything you can tell us? I'm gonna lose my mind
dialog: if I don't -
text: Wayne breaks off, distraught.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I can read for you. That's all I can do.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Well if you want to call it readin’ that's fine. Just start talkin’.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: That's not really how it works -
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: I told you I don't want any of that hocus pocus -
speaker_heading: MR. KING
dialog: God damn it, Pearl, I'm a deacon in the church! I don't believe it either
dialog: but I'm ready to try anything.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Suit yourself. Let's get it over with.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S BLUE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie sits at her table, shuffling her cards. Mr. King sits across from her, while Wayne and
text: Sheriff Johnson stand behind him. It's a small space for so many big men. Annie looks ill at ease
text: as she starts spreading her cards out on the table.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: When were you getting married, Wayne?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: We ain't got time for no small talk.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: This is not small talk.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: In June.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: We're suppose to ask the questions, not you.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Please, Pearl -
speaker_heading: MR. KING
dialog: Shut up, Pearl, god damn it!
dialog: ANNIE (taking a deep breath)
dialog: Ihave a hard time concentrating with more than one person in the room.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: I'm stayin' right here. I'm the law and I need to hear this.
speaker_heading: MR. KING
dialog: Please, ma'am, just tell us what you see there.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (after a moment)
text: The only thing I'm picking up is a fence. A long white fence around a
dialog: pasture.
speaker_heading: MR. KING
dialog: Is she there?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (after a moment)
dialog: That's all I see. You see it doesn't work like -
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: You know how many white fences and pastures they are in this county?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Does Jessica have some dogs she might have taken with her?
speaker_heading: MR. KING
text: The dogs are all at home. We've got two poodles and a little old fat beagle.
dialog: But no, they're home.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, they're not poodles or beagles -
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: This is just mish mash. I told you this wouldn't lead to nothin’.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (upset)
dialog: You're right! It won't. I can't concentrate today. I can't do this now.
text: Annie gathers her cards back up, then looks apologetically at Wayne and Mr. King.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm sorry, Wayne. Mr. King, I hope you find your daughter. I'm not the
dialog: person to help you on this.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SOMEWHERE OUT IN THE COUNTRY - NIGHT
text: We see a deserted two-lane blacktop road. Along one side of the road is a huge pasture and a
text: long white fence.
text: Now Annie comes walking slowly up the road. She's in her flannel nightgown, and is barefoot,
text: and looks bewildered. An uncanniness and surrealness about the scene lets us know that this is
speaker_heading: ANNIE'S DREAM.
text: Annie climbs over the white fence, walks across the lush grass of the pasture. And now ahead of
text: her she sees, glimmering in the starlight, a pond.
text: She reaches the pond, begins to walk around its bank, eying it warily. There's the CROAKING
text: of a myriad frogs. A snake wriggles across the pond's smooth surface, making ripples of
text: starlight.
text: Annie comes upon what appears to be an old telephone pole, lying flat at the top of the bank. As
text: she steps over it to take a closer look, she slips, and takes a tumble down the bank.
text: She slides into the shallow water at the edge of the pond. As she tries to escape the water and the
text: weeds and the mucky bottom and climb back up the bank, her hand touches something.
text: She picks up one end of a logging chain. It's lying half in and half out of the water. It's muddy
text: and has weeds in the links.
text: Now she hears an ENGINE, and headlights flare across the pond. She reaches the top of the bank
text: and sees, heading across the pasture toward her, a four-wheel-drive truck. Besides the headlights,
text: there are a row of square amber lights across the top of the cab.
text: Annie turns and runs toward some nearby woods. The truck follows, bouncing over a hillock,
text: picking up speed. Annie. reaches the woods. The truck goes right into the woods after her,
text: snapping down small pine trees.
text: Annie runs through the dark trees. She reaches a thick briar patch and plunges in and hides there.
text: Her nightgown is torn and her skin is ripped and bleeding from the thorns.
text: Annie watches the truck with its probing headlights and its cold row of amber lights - it moves
text: slowly through the woods like a tiger looking for her. When it's out of sight, she gets up and runs
text: out of the briars in the opposite direction.
text: Now, in the dark and tangled distance of the woods, Annie hears the faint sound of a FIDDLE
dialog: being played - it's the kind of fiddling you might have heard during the days of the Civil War. As
text: Annie continues on, the SOUND gets louder, and now we hear a VOICE yelling:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Here Bell! Oh Bell! Here Buster! Oh Buster!
text: Annie comes upon a SKINNY CURLY-HAIRED MAN sitting on a stump playing the fiddle and
text: occasionally loudly WHISTLING. Now the man sees Annie.
scene_heading: CURLY-HAIRED MAN (still fiddling)
dialog: Ain't that a pretty sound?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You play very pretty.
text: CURLY-HAIRED MAN (as he stops fiddling)
text: Aw, not that sound. The sound of them bluetick hounds of mine.
text: Smiling, he cocks his head in a listening posture - and now Annie hears it too: the distant,
text: lonesome HOWLING of hounds.
scene_heading: CURLY-HAIRED MAN
dialog: It's the prettiest sound in the world. Makes me cry. They usually come
dialog: runnin, when I fiddle but tonight's different. They're astray.
text: Annie looks around at the dark trees with a sudden surge of panic.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Do you know a way out of here?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S BLUE ROOM..- NIGHT
text: Annie, lying in bed, awakes with a start.
text: The bedroom's dark. She looks over at the luminous face of the clock on the bedside table. It
dialog: says: 1:28.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie, at the sink, stands in her nightgown splashing water on her face. She turns the water off -
text: looks into her own eyes in the medicine cabinet mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - NIGHT
text: Annie pushes open the screen door, moves down the steps and out into the yard. She has a robe
text: on over her nightgown, and is sipping a glass of milk.
text: The night is still. The sky is clear, and holds a big white moon. crickets CHIRRUP softly.
text: Under the big oak tree, the bulldog Butch is sleeping half in and half out of his doghouse. He
text: opens his eyes and lifts his head as Annie wanders his way. Now he stands up, and move on his
text: bowed legs towards her.
text: Annie leans down, scratches Butch behind his ears.
text: Out of the clear sky, a drop of water splashes the back of Annie's hand.
text: Annie looks up.
text: About 20 feet above her head, among the branches of the oak tree, floats the body of Jessica
text: King. It is nude and bloated and wet and ghastly and white in the moonlight. A logging chain is
text: wrapped around it. Jessica's beautiful hair floats around her head, and her body bumps gently
text: against the branches as though moved by the undulations of unseen currents. Her eyes are open,
dialog: and as empty as anything you'll ever see.
text: Annie's beholding this in sheer terror. Now Butch WHIMPERS, jumps up and puts his pawn on
text: her. Annie looks down, stepping back and pushing Butch away.
text: When she looks up again, there is nothing in the tree that shouldn't be there: only branches and
text: leaves, which stir and SIGH a little as a breeze comes up...
scene_heading: INT. PARKER CITY HALL - SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Pearl Johnson's tiny office has big glass windows through which he can keep an eye on the
text: activity in the outer office. Right now, Johnson's sitting with his cowboybooted feet up on his
text: desk, smoking a cigar, and skeptically eying Annie, who's sitting across from him.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: So you saw all this in a dream.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It wasn't just a dream.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: I don't investigate somebody's dream.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think she's dead, Sheriff. And I think she's in the pond.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
text: (narrowing his eyes shrewdly at Annie)
dialog: What do you know about this thing that you ain't tellin' me? You can
dialog: get in serious trouble for withholdin' information.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Does it sound like a place you know?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
text: A bunch of places I know. A white fence, a pasture, a pond, a fo'-wheel
dialog: drive. Ever’ raw-bone ol' boy in the county's got that.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What about the fiddler and the dogs?
text: Pearl takes a pensive puff on his cigar.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
text: Well, ol' Tommy Lee Ballard plays a fiddle and has a bunch of old dogs
dialog: out on the ridge road, but he wouldn't kill nobody. I've known him since
dialog: he was a kid.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, it's not the fiddler. Who are his neighbors?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Well, his closest neighbor would be, let's see here, I guess, well, his
dialog: property
text: borders on Donnie Barksdale's place.
text: Annie's face goes white - she sits silently.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Do you know Donnie Barksdale?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Are you all right? Ma'am?
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE BLACKTOP ROAD OUT IN THE COUNTRY AFTERNOON
text: The countryside is green and serene. The only sound is BIRDSONG. But now a Sheriff's
text: Department car suddenly tops a rolling hill, followed quickly by another Sheriff's Department
text: car, this one towing a trailer with a small boat on it.
scene_heading: INT. THE FIRST CAR - AFTERNOON
text: Pearl Johnson's driving, Kenneth King's sitting beside him, with Annie and Wayne in the back
text: seat. Annie's looking out the window tensely. Wayne, looking sick, stares at nothing.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON (to Mr. King)
dialog: I think you and Wayne comin' along's a bad idea -
dialog: MR. KING (ignoring him)
dialog: You did got a search warrant, didn't you? I want everything to be legal
dialog: and proper.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Didn't have to. I got permission from the owner.
dialog: MR. KING (incredulous)
dialog: Donnie Barksdale gave his permission to - ?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: His wife did. I just told her it was routine, we're checkin’ all the ponds
dialog: in the county. (with a wry smile) Donnie's gone fishin' today.
text: And now, as they round a curve, Annie sees it: the big green pasture and the long white fence of
dialog: her dream.
text: At the end of the fence there's a dirt road and a tin mailbox labeled "BARKSDALE." The two
text: cars save the blacktop and turn onto the road.
scene_heading: EXT. DONNIE BARKSDALE'S POND - AFTERNOON
text: The boat, a couple of men in it, is very slowly motoring back and forth across the pond - a small
text: winch is at the back of the boat, with a taut nylon rope running from it into the water.
text: Wayne and Mr. King stand together on the bank, watching the boat. Pearl Johnson's talking to
text: one of his deputies. The Sheriff's relighting a half-smoked cigar - he's got one foot up on an old
text: telephone pole. Now he looks over at Annie, who's standing nearby.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: You sure you ain't never been out here before?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No sir, I haven't.
text: The pond is exactly the place of Annie's dream.
text: ONE OF THE MEN IN THE BOAT
dialog: Pearl! We got somethin'l
text: The men cut the motor, and start cranking up the rope.
text: All eyes are on the pond. Annie glances over at Wayne and Mr. King. Mr. King puts his hand on
text: Wayne's shoulder.
text: Now, out at the boat, at the end of the rope, a six-footlong metal bar breaks the water. Affixed to
text: the bar is a row of gigantic gleaming hooks. Entangled in the hooks is
speaker_heading: MAN IN BOAT
dialog: It's a old bicycle!
text: As the men haul into the boat the twisted, slime-covered bike, everyone sags visibly with relief.
text: Now Wayne moves away from the pond, leans against the Sheriff's car, and goes in his pocket
dialog: for his cigarettes.
text: CLOSE ON WAYNE, as he tries to light up. The lighter is shaking violently in his hand. Now
text: another hand comes INTO FRAME, steadies his hand.
text: Wayne nods his thanks to Annie. He takes a long drag on his cigarette.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: That day at school? You looked kinda strange at me and Jessie. Did you
dialog: think somethin' bad then?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (at a loss)
dialog: Wayne, I -
text: There's the SOUND of an engine. Annie turns and sees, bouncing down the rutted dirt road that
text: leads to the pond, a four-wheel-drive truck, an unlit row of square amber lights across the top of
dialog: the cab.
text: The truck comes to a halt, and out of it jumps Donnie Barksdale. Donnie heads toward Sheriff
text: Johnson, blood in his eyes. His wife Anita timorously follows, her face marked with the signs of
text: a fresh beating.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Pearl, god damn it, what are you doin' on my property?
dialog: SHERIFF JOHNSON (standing his ground)
dialog: I'm here on Sheriff's bidness. I got permission from your wife.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: You think I let that damn little ninnie talk for me?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: How'd your arm get all scratched up?
text: Donnie glances at the three angry red furrows on his left forearm.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (after a moment)
dialog: Stray cat. It didn't like it when I kilt it.
text: Anita's spotted Annie, still standing with Wayne by the Sheriff's car.
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: Annie... what are you doin, here?
text: Annie moves toward Anita.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Anita, I'm sorry - I never meant to cause you any trouble -
text: Now Donnie's gazing at Annie with a look that is truly frightening.
dialog: DONNIE (one notch above a whisper)
dialog: I orta knew it was you...
text: And before anyone can stop him, Donnie walks quickly towards Annie and slaps her hard across
text: the face. The blow knocks her down. Wayne lunges past her and decks Donnie with a
text: tremendous punch in the mouth. Donnie spends a moment shaking off , the cobwebs and surprise
text: - but when he starts to get up to go after Wayne, he suddenly finds himself looking down the
text: gleaming barrel of Pearl's nine millimeter.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: I'm on County bidness, Donnie - don't play with me.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BOAT
dialog: Pearl! Hey, Pearl!
text: All eyes move once again to the pond, where the men in the boat have cut the motor, and are
text: slowly cranking up a new catch out of the murky green water.
text: Wayne's helped Annie back up - now his hand finds hers, squeezes it hard.
text: Kenneth King's breathing becomes labored.
text: Sheriff Johnson puffs furiously on his cigar.
text: And then it breaks the surface: bloated and white in the late-afternoon light, long hair limp and
text: streaming... wrapped in a chain...
text: MAN IN BOAT (covering his nose with a rag)
dialog: It's her!
text: A low animal MOAN issues from Wayne, and he sinks to his knees.
text: Pearl Johnson takes the cigar out of his mouth.
text: Anita looks at her husband in bewilderment.
speaker_heading: ANITA
dialog: Donnie?
text: Kenneth King struggles down the bank, and begins to wade out in the water towards the boat.
speaker_heading: MR. KING
dialog: Get those hooks out of my baby! Get her off of them hooks!
text: SHERIFF JOHNSON (to a deputy, in regards to Donnie)
dialog: Watch him -
text: The Sheriff goes into the pond after Kenneth King.
text: Wayne's buried his face in Annie's skirt.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Help me... wake me up...
text: Pearl wrestles Mr. King back to the bank - where King collapses, fighting for breath.
text: SHERIFF JOHNSON (shouting to one of his deputies)
dialog: Get a ambulance! I think he's havin’ a heart attack!
text: The deputy runs past Annie to one of the cars. Annie's holding Wayne's head, tears streaming
text: down her face. She looks over at Donnie Barksdale. He's fixing her with a look of pure hatred.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: What the hell is goin' on here?
text: Annie looks around. A skinny man with curly hair is walking towards them from the direction of
text: the woods. Numbly, without surprise, Annie recognizes the fiddler in her dream.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did you find your dogs?
text: TOMMY LEE BALLARD looks at her strangely - then slowly nods...
scene_heading: EXT./INT. ANNIE'S CUTLASS, MOVING DOWN A STREET - MORNING
text: Ben and Miller are in the front seat with Annie, Mike is in the back. Miller, rummaging through
text: his Ninja Turtles lunchbox, pulls out a pack of Twinkies.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Put those Twinkies back, Miller, they're for your lunch -
dialog: BEN (reaching for them)
dialog: I want one, Mama. I want a Twinkie.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Now see what you stirred up?
text: They pass a couple of patrol boys with their cane poles and red flags.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I don't see why you gotta keep drivin’ us to school, that guy's in jail -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Well he hasn't been tried and convicted yet, and he's got a bunch of
dialog: brothers
dialog: and cousins that are just as mean as he is so we're not takin' any chances.
dialog: That reminds me, we're gonna start lettin’ Butch sleep inside at night.
dialog: Ignorant rednecks love to poison dogs.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Oh boy, can Butch sleep with me?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I want a Twinkie, Mama.
text: They're in front of the school now. Annie pulls over to the curb to unload.
dialog: MILLER (leaning over to kiss Annie)
dialog: Bye, Mama.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Have a good day, honey.
dialog: (glancing at the school)
dialog: Hey Mike? Has Mr. Pullman come back to school yet?
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: He's still out sick.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (after a pause)
dialog: Okay, honey. Behave yourself.
text: Mike makes a sour face as he slams the back door. Annie pulls away from the curb.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I want a Twinkie, Mama.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNIE'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Annie pulls her car into the carport. She and Ben get out.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (exasperated)
dialog: Ben, from now on "Twinkie" is the T word. You don't say it, you don't
dialog: think it, you don't -
text: Ben's face scrunches up, and he begins to CRY. With a sigh, Annie pulls her mail out of the
text: mailbox. Among the usual bills and junk, a large manila envelope catches her eye. Her name and
text: address is spelled out in big block printing with a red Magic Marker. The return address reads:
speaker_heading: YOUR HUSBAND
speaker_heading: HELL
text: With foreboding, Annie rips open the envelope. Inside is the stolen photograph of her husband in
text: his Navy uniform. Printed across it in the red writing is this message:
dialog: SEE YOU SOON HONEY
text: CLOSE ON ANNIE, numbly staring at the photo as Ben continues to WAIL...
scene_heading: INT. THE COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: The courthouse is a three-story brick building, set in a lovely square of tall shade trees and neatly
text: trimmed grass. Annie parks her car out front, gets out, and moves down the sidewalk past a
text: couple of old man playing checkers on a bench.
scene_heading: INT. THE COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Annie walks down a corridor - finds the room she's seeking: DAVID DUNCAN, DISTRICT
text: ATTORNEY. She takes a deep breath, opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. D.A. SECRETARY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: A COMELY YOUNG WOMAN sits behind a desk, examining her nails.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm Annie Wilson. Mr. Duncan wanted to see me?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hi, Mrs. Wilson.
text: Annie looks and sees DAVID DUNCAN standing in the door of his office, a coffee mug in his
text: hand. He's wearing an expensive and perfectly tailored grey suit with a pale-gold tie. He's blond
text: and very handsome. The faintly startled look on Annie's face is there because she, and we, have
text: seen David Duncan before: in the women's locker room at the Country Club, in a heavy-
text: breathing clinch with Jessica King.
text: Now Duncan moves to a coffee machine, and steaming black coffee jets into his mug.
text: DUNCAN (with a nice smile, as he takes in Annie's charms)
dialog: You want some coffee?
scene_heading: INT. DUNCAN'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Duncan sits behind his big, very neat desk, sipping his coffee and studying Annie, who's sitting
text: across from him. Annie notices a framed photograph on his desk of him and a beautiful wife and
text: two beautiful kids, a boy and a girl.
text: Then she looks over at a huge oil portrait hanging on the wall of John F. Kennedy.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: A great man. One of my heroes.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It's nice to have heroes.
text: Duncan smiles, then assumes a let I s-get-down-to-business look.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Mrs. Wilson, the people are going to trial tomorrow against Donnie
dialog: Barksdale - and I feel we have a powerful case. The victim was found
text: strangled to death in his pond, wrapped in his logging chain. Barksdale
text: had three scratch marks on his arm, and the coroner discovered human
dialog: tissue under three of the victim's fingernails. Then just last week, we had
text: a witness step forward who's gonna testify that he saw Donnie Barksdale
text: and the victim outside Pee Jay's that Saturday night, and that Barksdale
dialog: was
dialog: slapping the victim around. I only have one weak link I gotta worry about.
text: Duncan waits, forcing Annie to ask:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: You.
dialog: (another for-effect pause)
dialog: You see, you're how we found out where the victim's body was - and how
dialog: you found out - well, that could open up a real can of worms for us.
dialog: (wiggling his fingers to indicate weirdness)
dialog: "Psychic phenomena," "ESP," dreams, visions - and if that's not enough,
dialog: l understand there was bad blood between you and Donnie Barksdale...
text: Duncan waits for Annie to respond, but she looks him levelly in the eye and remains silent.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Look, Mrs. Wilson... Annie... I'm gonna do my best to keep you off
dialog: the stand - but the defense may force as to put you up there. And then
dialog: I'm gonna be in a hell of a position: If I don't give you credibility, I lose
dialog: the case. If I do give you credibility, I'm gonna be a laughingstock.
dialog: (creating an imaginary headline)
dialog: "D.A. Duncan Debunks Science, Proves That Magic Is Real!"
dialog: You know, that kind of thing.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (with an edge)
dialog: What do you care what people think as long as justice is done?
text: DUNCAN (after a pause - with his easy smile)
dialog: I deserved that.
text: Duncan reaches for his mug of coffee - but then, seemingly disconcerted by Annie's steady and
text: somehow knowing gaze, puts it back down without taking a drink.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Annie, ever since you first saw me, you've been looking at me in the
dialog: oddest way. I mean, do I have something in my nose, or - or is my fly
dialog: unzipped?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (dryly)
dialog: Most likely the latter. Is that gonna be all?
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (slowly)
dialog: Yes ma'am...
text: Annie gets up and head out, as Duncan stands up politely - but when she reaches the door, she
dialog: pauses.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You know, Mr. Duncan, the "victim" had a name - it was Jessica King.
text: Now Annie exits - leaving the young D.A. looking uneasy and perplexed...
scene_heading: EXT. ANNIE'S HOUSE - ESTABLISHING - NIGHT
text: It's the middle of the night. Everything's quiet. The house is dark.
scene_heading: INT. THE BLUE ROOM - NIGHT
text: Annie turns over in her bed with a sigh for the dozenth time, unable to sleep.
text: Now she hears claws CLICKING steadily down the hallway. In a moment, the din shape of
text: Butch appears in the doorway, stands there looking in.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hi, Butch. Lonesome?
text: Butch turns and leaves, and Annie hears his CLICKING CLAWS receding down the hall.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Guess not.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE BLUE ROOM - MORNING
text: Annie's asleep. The early morning sun is filtering in through the diaphanous blue curtains,
text: glimmering on her face. But now a faint shadow falls across her. Annie opens her eyes.
text: HER POV: A MAN IS STANDING ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE BED LOOKING DOWN
speaker_heading: AT HER.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (incredulous)
dialog: Ben?
text: The man smiles a little - we recognize him from the photograph as Annie's husband. Tears
text: suddenly fill Annie's eyes.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (ecstatically)
dialog: I knew you weren't gone -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: ANNIE suddenly waking up. Her lashes are matted with tears.
text: HER POV: BESIDE THE BED, THERE'S NO ONE.
text: From out on the street comes the awful BANG and CLANGOR and MOANING of a garbage
text: truck at work. Annie throws the covers off, swings her legs over the side of the bed.
text: Annie just sits there for a moment, her breathing shallow, trying to deal with the bitter realization
text: that she's just been dreaming. Then, with an act of will, she pulls herself together, wipes her eyes
text: with a corner of the sheet, reaches for her robe, and, slipping it on over her nightgown, gets up to
dialog: begin the day...
scene_heading: EXT. PARKER BUSINESS DISTRICT - DAY
text: Mike's peddling his bike furiously down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY COURTHOUSE - DAY
text: Mike comes up on his bike, jumps the curb, peddles up the sidewalk to the entrance, hurriedly
text: dismounts, locks his bike up with a chain, and runs up the steps.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY COURTHOUSE COURTROOM - DAY
text: Mike slips in the door, stands at the back of the courtroom scanning the scene, where the trial of
text: Donnie Barksdale in the murder of Jessica King is already underway.
text: David Duncan is questioning a witness.
text: Barksdale, wearing an uncharacteristic suit, sits at the defense table with his lawyer GERALD
text: WEEMS, a small skinny bespectacled man wearing a blue blazer and a red tie.
text: Behind Donnie Barksdale sits his wife Anita, his brother Jed, and various and sundry others of
dialog: the Barksdale clan.
text: Duncan's ASSISTANT sits at the defense table, and in the first row of spectators behind it are
text: sitting Wayne Pullman and a thin and ill-looking Kenneth King.
text: The JUDGE is a distinguished- looking man in his 60's.
text: The JURY is seven men and five women, nine white and three black.
text: The trial's a Big Event in Parker, and the courtroom's crowded with spectators - and now, in the
text: middle of the crowd, Mike spots Annie, sitting with her friend Linda. Mike shrinks back a little,
text: obviously not wanting to be seen by his mother.
text: VOICE (in a loud whisper)
dialog: Mike -
text: Mike looks and sees Buddy Cole, sitting in the back row.
text: BUDDY (as Mike sits down beside him)
dialog: Why ain't you in school?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I wanted to see this.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: If she sees you your mama'll skin you alive -
text: Mike shrugs, settling in to watch the action.
text: ON ANNIE, watching. The handsome young D.A. is questioning ALBERT HAWKINS, a
text: graying black man in his 501s, Who's wearing an old brown suit.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Now, Mr. Hawkins, how long have you worked out at Pee Jay's?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: ‘Bout 10 years.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And what are your duties there?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: I sweep and keep thangs stocked and that kind of thang.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Now, were you working at Pee Jay's on Saturday night, April 11?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Did you see the defendant Donnie Barksdale there that night?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Yes air.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Could you describe the circumstances when you saw him?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: The circumstance were I come outside to thow away some trash -
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And what time was it then?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: ‘Bout midnight, I reckon...
text: FLASHBACK TO PEE JAY'S
text: We see Alfred Hawkins coming out the back door of the beer and dance joint, toting a trash can.
text: We hear the muffled sounds of a jukebox COUNTRY TUNE. Hawkins begins emptying the
text: trash into a dumpster. Then he hears the angry sounds of MALE AND FEMALE VOICES.
scene_heading: HAWKINS' POV: DONNIE BARKSDALE AND JESSICA KING.
text: They're in the back part of the parking lot, standing between Barksdale's four-wheel-drive truck
text: and Jessica's white Mazda Miata.
speaker_heading: HAWKINS (V.O.)
dialog: Anyhow, I seen Donnie Barksdale out by his truck havin, a argument
dialog: with this white lady.
text: Jessica turns away from Barksdale, moves to get into her car. Donnie grabs her. Jessica digs her
text: fingernails into Barksdale's arm. Barksdale YELPS in pain, yanks back his arm, and slaps Jessica
text: hard. Jessica falls, banging her head hard against the side of her car. She sits slumped against the
text: car looking dazed, holding her head. Barksdale moves towards her, bends down.
speaker_heading: HAWKINS (V.O.)
text: She scratch his arm, he slap the tar out of her, and then she fall down
text: and bang her head on this little old white car.
text: At this point, Hawkins, looking a little nervous, takes his empty trash can and goes back into Pee
dialog: Jay's...
speaker_heading: HAWKINS (V.O.)
dialog: ‘Bout that time, I go back inside...
text: BACK TO THE COURTROOM
text: Duncan's showing Albert Hawkins a photograph.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Is this the woman you saw with Donnie Barksdale?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Your honor, let the record show I've just shown Mr. Hawkins a
dialog: photograph
dialog: of Jessica King.
dialog: (heading for his seat)
dialog: No more questions.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Weems?
text: As little Gerald Weems rises and moves toward the witness, Linda, watching Duncan
text: appreciatively, leans toward Annie.
dialog: LINDA (in a whisper)
dialog: Annie, I'll bet that's a $500 suit!
text: Annie glances at Duncan, then looks at Wayne, where he's sitting with Mr. King, leaning
text: forward in his seat and rubbing his face with both hands.
dialog: WEEMS (with a smile)
dialog: How are you, Albert?
dialog: HAWKINS (returning the smile)
dialog: I'm fine, Mr. Weems.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: We've known each other quite a while, haven't we?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Yes sir. You got my oldest boy outa jail that time.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Your boy was wrongfully accused, wasn't he?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: It happens sometimes, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Now Albert, did you have some trouble with Mr. Barksdale a couple
dialog: years back?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Yes sir, I guess it were trouble.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: And clarify that for us. Tell us what happened.
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: He had a bag on I reckon and he were out to the club there and he start
dialog: callin' me a name. He call me a nigger. He say he don't like no nigger
dialog: handlin' what he drank. See, I was totin' in a case of beer to the bar.
dialog: WEEMS (shaking his head)
dialog: Donnie Barksdale called you a nigger. Now if I were a black man, a
dialog: hard-workin' man just mindin, my own bidness, that would make me
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: I guess if you could you'd like to see Donnie Barksdale get what's comin'
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Objection, your honor -
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Now Albert, help me clarify somethin’ else. You just testified you saw
dialog: Mr. Barksdale and Miss King out at Pee Jay's the night of April 11 -
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: But on April the 12th - the very next day - you told a different
dialog: story to Sheriff Johnson, didn't you?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS (reluctantly)
dialog: Well -
speaker_heading: WEEMS
text: Sheriff Johnson came out to Pee Jay's ‘cause Jessica King's car was found
dialog: out there, and he asked you pointblank if you'd seen her out there the night
dialog: before and you said no -
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: Well - I figure it were they bidness. I try to stay outa folks' bidness.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: But Albert, isn't it still their bidness?
speaker_heading: HAWKINS
dialog: When I found out 'bout that dead girl's body bein’ found in that pond,
dialog: I figure that it were my bidness too -
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: But the crux of the dilemma is you've told two entirely different stories.
dialog: A man's life is at stake here, Albert. We have to clarify this point. Clarity
dialog: is the reason your son is a free man today -
dialog: HAWKINS .(sorrowfully)
dialog: Well, he ain't exactly free no more, Mr. Weems. He were wrongfully
dialog: accuse
text: of robbin' a liquor store in Houston.
text: Weems opens his mouth to ask another question, then closes it without speaking, as Buddy,
text: where he sits with Mike, gives a SNORT of laughter...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SHERIFF PEARL JOHNSON, A LITTLE LATER.
text: He's on the stand being questioned by David Duncan.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And after Mr. King filed the missing person report on his daughter, when
dialog: and where did you discover her car?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
text: About five o'clock Sunday afternoon out at Pee Jay's.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Describe the progress of your investigation over the course of the next five
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Well, there wasn't no progress. We couldn't find nobody to admit to
dialog: having'
dialog: seen Jessica past early Saturday evenin'. We just couldn't find hide nor
dialog: hair -
dialog: (glancing uncomfortably at Mr. King)
dialog: we couldn't find no trace of the girl.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Then on Thursday the 16th, was your attention drawn to Donnie
dialog: Barksdale's pond?
text: ON ANNIE, paying close attention to this.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Yes sir it was.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And then what happened?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Well, after first gettin, permission from Anita Barksdale, I took some of
dialog: my boys out to drag the pond.
text: At the defense table, Donnie turns around to glare at his wife - and then his eyes meet Annie's,
text: and if anything, his glare intensifies.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Did the defendant show up while you were dragging the pond?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: What did you observe about the condition of the defendant's left forearm?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
text: He had three scratches on it.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And did you ask the defendant how hold acquired the scratches?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Yes sir. He said held kilt a stray cat, and she hadn't liked it when held kilt
dialog: ‘er.
text: A ripple of excitement moves through the courtroom, and several members of the jury look at
text: Donnie Barksdale in disgust and horror...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: GERALD WEEMS AND SHERIFF JOHNSON, A LITTLE LATER.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Now Sheriff, you said your attention was "drawn" to the defendant's
dialog: pond? In what way was it "drawn"?
text: The Sheriff shifts uneasily in his seat, glances toward David Duncan at the prosecutor's table.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Mr. Duncan didn't ask you that question, Sheriff - I did.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Me and Wayne Pullman and Kenneth King went over to see a woman
dialog: named Annie Wilson.
text: ON MIKE AND BUDDY.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: They're talkin’ about Mama...
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: What made you think this woman could be of help to you?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Well... word around town was that she was a... well, I don't know what
dialog: the right word is...
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Is it "fortuneteller"?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: I guess so.
dialog: WEEMS (his voice dripping with sarcasm)
dialog: NOW what did this fortuneteller see when she looked into her crystal ball?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Well, she didn't have no ball. She had these funny-lookin' cards...
dialog: WEEMS (playing up to the jury)
dialog: "Funny-lookin' cards"...go on...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: And, well, she didn't actually see nothin’ then - but next day she come to
dialog: see me and told me she'd had this dream...
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: "Had this dream"...
text: SHERIFF JOHNSON (squirming in his chair)
dialog: And she'd seen this pond that looked a lot like Donnie Barksdale's - and
text: then she'd woke up from her dream and went outside, and looked up in
dialog: this
dialog: tree and, uh...
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: I'm all ears.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Well ... she seen Jessica King floatin' around in the tree nekkid with a
dialog: chain
text: wrapped around ‘er.
text: WEEMS (turning to the jury - incredulously)
dialog: "Floatin' in a tree"!
text: Annie looks stunned at the mockery, Linda indignant. Now David Duncan at his table looks over
text: his shoulder, pointedly catches Annie's eye...
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTHOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: The trial's been adjourned for the day, and the spectators are leaving the courthouse, Annie and
dialog: Linda among them.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: That little squirrel Gerald Weems! And to think I used to think he was cute
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He was just doin’ his job -
text: Buddy's sitting on a bench, obviously waiting for Annie.
speaker_heading: BUDDY (standing up)
dialog: Miz Wilson, can I talk to you a minute?
text: He fixes his slightly wild eyes on Linda, and she takes the hint.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Annie, call me later, okay?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay.
text: Linda moves away. We can tell that the last thing Annie feels like doing now is dealing with
text: Buddy. She resumes walking towards her car.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Buddy, I have a lot of things on my mind now. it's not a good time.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You said I should think and talk and I been thinkin’. Tell me why I do
dialog: things to myself when I think about Daddy. I do somethin' weird when
dialog: I think about him then I feel better.
text: Annie spots Anita and Jed and some other Barksdales gathered around a truck. They're all staring
text: at her, Anita with a sort of helplessness, the rest with hostility.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What are you ramblin' about, Buddy?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Ineed your help. I need you to tell me things.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You and everybody else. Please Buddy, call me later and I'll talk to you.
dialog: BUDDY (grabbing her arm)
dialog: Please hold still! Stop and listen to me! I thought about Daddy and I
dialog: played
dialog: around with myself. Why?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You played around how?
dialog: (resuming walking)
dialog: Buddy, I don't want to talk to you now.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I jacked off god damn it! When I thought of the old bastard, I jacked off.
dialog: I'm crazy, ain't 1? Somethin’ bad wrong with me, help me. I'm sick. Can
dialog: we go to your house and talk?
text: They've reached Annie's car now. Annie's shocked by what Buddy has said, but is still in her
dialog: own world.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Buddy, listen, I'll call you later on this week and we'll have a good talk.
dialog: I'm goin, through a hard time myself right now so I can't help you now.
dialog: (taking his arm and looking him in the eye)
dialog: Listen - if you look into a blue diamond, you won't think a negative
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I won't? You promise?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I promise.
text: Now Annie gets in her car, starts it up, and drives away. Buddy remains standing where he is,
text: staring after her...
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S LIVING ROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: Annie's sitting with her three sons on the couch. Ben's in her lap. Butch is at her feet, looking up
dialog: at her.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: First of all: Mike, I know you skipped school today and went to the trial.
dialog: MIKE (shocked at being caught)
dialog: How'd you - ?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: It doesn't matter how I found out. A little bird told me. It's about time you
dialog: started making things easier on me instead of harder, Mike. I'm very
dialog: disappointed in you.
text: The phone begins to RING. Annie ignores it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Now second of all: I'm gonna have to testify at the trial tomorrow. I don't
dialog: want to, but I have to.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: The phone's ringin’, Mama.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm not deaf, Miller - we'll let the machine get it. Donnie Barksdale's
dialog: lawyer is gonna try and give me a hard time, so I just want y'all to be
dialog: prepared if you hear any bad stuff about me. we're all gonna have to really
dialog: be stickin' together -
text: The phone's stopped ringing, Annie's message has played, and now, as Annie and her kids listen
text: wide-eyed, a hysterical female voice SHRIEKS out of the answering machine:
speaker_heading: VOICE ON MACHINE
dialog: Annie Wilson, it's Buddy's mother, Buddy's gone crazy and he's
dialog: threatenin' to kill his daddy!
text: (SCREAMS and CURSES in the background)
dialog: Please get here right now, he's done hit Oren with a hammer!
scene_heading: EXT. A RESIDENTIAL STREET IN PARKER - NIGHT
text: Annie's car pulls up in front of a small white frame house, and Annie gets out. A WOMAN in
text: her early 60's has been waiting on the porch, and now she comes running down the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: BUDDY'S MOTHER
dialog: Oh Annie, it's just terrible. He's got Oren tied up in the back yard.
dialog: He's accusin' 'im of horrible things. He's done hit ‘im in the head.
text: He's bleadin’.
text: A couple of neighbors are standing, staring, on their front lawns. Annie and the woman hurry
text: around the house. We hear SHOUTING in the back yard.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did you call the police?
speaker_heading: BUDDY'S MOTHER
dialog: He said if I did held kill Oren. He wants you.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD OF BUDDY'S PARENTS' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Annie and Buddy's mother come around the side of the house. Annie is shocked by what she
dialog: sees.
text: Old snapshots are strewn across the grass. In the middle of the yard, his back to Annie, naked
text: from the waist up, BUDDY'S FATHER is tied to a metal lawn chair. In a circle around his
text: father, Buddy has carefully placed framed photographs of himself as a little boy, some of him
text: alone, some with his parents, and some with just his father. Within the circle, Buddy's standing
text: over his father, a belt in one hand and a can of gasoline in the other. He's dousing the old man's
text: pants with the gas.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Buddy, let your daddy go! I'll talk to you.
text: Buddy's father looks over his shoulder at Annie. There's a knot on his head and a cut that's
text: bleeding profusely, and a rag's stuffed in his mouth. Buddy looks at Annie with out-of-his-mind
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: It's too late for that, ma'am. It's too god damn late. This is a criminal in
dialog: front of you. And he's gonna be punished.
text: Buddy starts to swing his belt, striking his father in the face and chest. Buddy's mother
speaker_heading: SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You ruined me you bastard! I was just a little kid! How could you do
dialog: that to a little kid! You're sick and I'm sick! You made me sick!
dialog: ANNIE (moving towards them)
dialog: Buddy, stop it!
text: Now Buddy swings the belt wildly at Annie, keeping her at bay.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Why didn't you help me? You didn't help me! I thought you could tell
dialog: the future! I thought you could tell the past and help me! I had you for
dialog: a friend and now I don't have nobody! I'm killin’ this! I'm killin’ this thing!
dialog: He stuck it in his little boy! His little boy!
text: Buddy suddenly drops the gas can and withdraws a lighter from his pocket.
dialog: ANNIE (lunging towards him)
dialog: No, Buddy -
text: But Buddy shoves her and sends her sprawling, then turns to his father and lights his gasoline-
text: soaked pants.
text: Oren Cole goes up in flames, as his wife runs around to the front of the house SCREAMING
text: hysterically for help. Annie comes to her feet, tries to get to the father again, but Buddy keeps
text: her back with his belt, as though guarding his father. His father's trying to scream, but can't
text: because of the rag in his mouth. And now Annie's moved to a position in front of the old man,
text: and she stares in horror at his bulging, bare belly.
text: ANNIE'S POV THROUGH THE FLAMES: A LARGE TATTOO Of A BLUE DIAMOND.
text: Buddy points to his burning father's tattoo and looks into Annie's eyes.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Look into that goddamn thing and tell me what kind of thought you have!
scene_heading: EXT. THE COLE HOUSE - A LITTLE LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The quiet little street is quiet no longer. Neighbors crowd around, two cop cars and an ambulance
text: are parked in front of the house, and Buddy's father, MOANING and semiconscious, is being
text: trundled along on a gurney by two paramedics, his sobbing wife at his side holding his hand.
text: Annie's sitting on the curb, watching it all. Buddy's father's loaded in the ambulance, Mrs. Cole
text: climbs in after him, and now the ambulance takes off, SIREN going and lights flashing.
text: And now Annie hears CUSSING and YELLING coming from the direction of the house.
text: Buddy's being removed from the house by two cops. His hands are cuffed behind his back, his
text: ankles are cuffed together, and a third pair of handcuffs join his feet and his hands, so that the
text: cops are carrying him like a human suitcase.
text: Annie watches as Buddy, snarling and twisting, is tossed into the back of a police car. The police
text: car takes Buddy away.
text: ON ANNIE, all alone on the curb...
scene_heading: INT. THE COURTROOM - DAY
text: Annie, her hand on a Bible, is being sworn in by the clerk.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the
dialog: truth so help you God?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Ido.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Be seated.
text: Annie goes into the witness box and sits down. She looks pale, tense, and tired, with dark circles
text: under her eyes following another sleepless night. As David Duncan approaches her, she scans the
text: courtroom: sees the solemn faces of the jurors, sees Linda, who gives her an encouraging smile,
text: Wayne and Mr. King, Anita Barksdale, Gerald Weems, and Donnie Barksdale, who seems to be
text: trying to stare a hole through her.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: State your name please.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Annibelle Wilson.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And your occupation?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (after a pause)
dialog: Mother... and homemaker.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Mrs. Wilson, your husband, Ben Wilson Sr., was one of the man killed
dialog: last year in the explosion out at the Reinhold Cable Plant...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And you were left with three small children to raise on your own...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: How do you provide for you and your sons?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I get a little bit of money from Social Security as a result of my
dialog: husband's death. Also, I... give readings.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Psychic readings?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Is "psychic" a fair word to use?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: As good as any, I guess.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: How long have you known you were psychic?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Since I was a little girl. We had an old well out behind our house, and
dialog: L used to look down into it and - and see things.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: What kind of things?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Things that hadn't happened yet, or things that were happenin’ someplace
dialog: else. My grandmother told me that I had "the gift." She said it ran in the
dialog: family, and I shouldn't be afraid of it. Granny told me that where my gift
dialog: was concerned, I should Just always use my instinct, and I'd be all right.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Mrs. Wilson, you were in the courtroom yesterday when Sheriff Johnson
dialog: testified to the chain of events involving you that led him to search Donnie
dialog: Barksdale's pond. Did he give an accurate account of those events?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yes Sir.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (emphatically)
dialog: So you're swearing before this court that you didn't get your information
dialog: about this tragedy from any other means than your special ability, your...
dialog: "gift."
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yes Sir... 1 am swearing that.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Wilson.
dialog: (heading back to his table)
dialog: IT have no further questions.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Mr. Weems?
text: Gerald Weems stands up, walks slowly over to Annie, his hands behind his back, giving her a
text: friendly smile.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Miz Wilson - how many fingers am I holdin’ out behind my back?
text: DUNCAN (jumping to his feet - disgusted)
dialog: Objection, your honor!
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Your honor, my client is sittin' here before this court on trial for his life,
dialog: in part because of special powers this woman claims to have. Now in all
dialog: fairness, I think I oughta be allowed to test these alleged powers instead
dialog: of all of us just takin, her word for it.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You have a point, Mr. Weems. Objection overruled.
text: Duncan sits back down, shaking his head. Weems, standing with his back to the jury, is holding
dialog: out seven fingers.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Can the members of the jury see how many fingers I'm showin’?
text: The jurors, looking extremely attentive, nod.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: How many fingers, Miz Wilson?
text: Annie, looking at a loss, is silent for several seconds. Finally:
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Three?
text: Weems, smiling, holds up his hands for all to see.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Let the record indicate that I was holdin’ out seven - repeat - seven -
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Look, that doesn't prove anything. I can't do this at the drop of a hat -
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: How about at the drop of a dollar bill?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: I mean, maybe your "gift" doesn't work unless you get paid for it. As
dialog: they used to say in the Army: No money, no honey?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, that's not true -
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Are you aware, Miz Wilson, that it's against the laws of the state of
dialog: Arkansas for a so-called "psychic" to set up shop and charge money?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: But I don't charge money -
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: But you just testified that you did -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I accept... donations... gifts...
text: WEEMS (glancing toward the jury with a chuckle)
dialog: A distinction worthy of a lawyer...
text: Annie is looking increasingly upset. Her eyes happen to meet Wayne's. Wayne, sitting by Mr.
text: King on the front row, smiles a little, gives her a discreet thumb's-up sign.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Are you rich, Miz Wilson?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Well, I'd be filthy rich if I was a psychic and could see the future.
dialog: I'd play the stock market, go over to Hot Springs and bet on the horses -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I did, once...
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Did what?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I went over to Hot Springs and bet on the horses.
speaker_heading: WEEMS (a bit warily)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I lost every race.
text: Weems looks at the jury, raises his eyebrows with a whose-side-is-she-on? look.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You see, I don't think I was meant to use my gift for personal gain.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Except for the... what did you call them..."donations"...
dialog: (Annie doesn't reply)
dialog: Miz Wilson, isn't it true you had personal trouble with Donnie Barksdale?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: And isn't it true that, just a few weeks ago, you stood in front of
dialog: Donnie Barksdale and told him you - I think your exact words were -
dialog: you were gonna have his "ass" thrown in jail?
dialog: ANNIE (looking at Donnie)
dialog: Yes, but he was threatening my -
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: And isn't it true that, also just a few weeks ago, durin’ one of your
dialog: famous "readin's" when you were usin' your so-called "ESP," you
dialog: told Anita Barksdale, Donnie's wife, that Donnie was just an insecure
dialog: redneck, and that he wasn't crazy enough to kill anybody?
text: Annie looks at Anita, suddenly remembering the conversation. Anita meets Annie's eyes
text: somewhat guiltily, and then looks down at her hands.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (quietly)
dialog: Yes - I did say that...
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: But now you're sayin’ that he did kill somebody...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, wait a second - I've never said that -
speaker_heading: WEEKS
dialog: Well you might as well have.
dialog: (pointing to Donnie)
dialog: You swore you'd have that man put in jail, and now here he is on trial
dialog: for his life.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I just told the Sheriff what I saw.
dialog: WEEMS (extravagantly)
dialog: And how can we forget? Jessica King, a-floatin' in a tree! It must be a
dialog: lot of fun havin' all these dreams, and visions, and -
speaker_heading: ANNIE (losing it)
dialog: Fun? You think it's fun that I feel the weight of this whole town's
dialog: problems on my shoulders? You think it's fun to bury other people's
dialog: dead babies or - or to be blamin' myself ‘cause some poor crazy man
dialog: tries to burn up his daddy? You think I'm doin' this for fun? You're crazy
dialog: if you think that -
text: Annie breaks off, her breathing shallow, tears in her eyes. The whole courtroom's silent, looking
dialog: at her.
speaker_heading: WEEMS (softly)
dialog: I got no more questions...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: DONNIE BARKSDALE, ON THE STAND.
text: He's the first and only witness in his own defense. Gerald Weems is standing before him.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Mr. Barksdale, as they say in Hollywood, let's cut to the chase:
dialog: Did you or did you not kill Jessica King?
speaker_heading: DONNIE (emphatically)
dialog: I did not.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Did you or did you not see Jessica King on the night she was killed?
speaker_heading: DONNIE (after a pause)
dialog: Yeah. I seen her.
text: ON ANNIE, sitting with Linda.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Describe the circumstances.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Well, I'd been seein’ her for quite a while -
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Let's clarify what you mean by "seein'."
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: I mean her and me'd been havin' sex.
text: ANGLES ON WAYNE, AND ON DONNIE'S WIFE ANITA.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Okay ... go on.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Well, she called me about 11 o'clock, and said she was in the mood
dialog: to have sex with me -
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Were those the words she used, "to have sex"?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: She was in the mood to fuck me, is what she said. So I told her I'd meet
dialog: her out at Pee Jay's, and I told my wife I was .goin' out to have a beer...
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: And did you meet her out at Pee Jay's?
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO PEE JAY'S:
text: Donnie is sitting in his four-wheel-drive truck in the back of the parking lot, smoking a cigarette.
text: And now a white Mazda Miata pulls up by his truck, and Jessica King climbs out, sexy and
dialog: smiling...
speaker_heading: DONNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Yes air.
speaker_heading: WEEMS (V.O.)
dialog: And then what happened?
text: FLASHBACK TO DONNIE'S TRUCK,
text: moving down a dirt road in the woods: Donnie stops the truck, turns off the motor, then looks
text: over at Jessica hungrily...
speaker_heading: DONNIE (V.O.)
dialog: We went in my truck down this little old dirt road - and then we did it.
text: BACK TO THE COURTROOM.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Had sex.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Did you then return to Pee Jay's?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Yes Sir.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: What happened then?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Well, we got in a argument. She told me she didn't want to see me no
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Did she say why?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: She said she was gettin' married in a couple of months, and she wanted
dialog: to stop playin' around - at least till after the weddin'.
speaker_heading: WEEKS
dialog: In the course of this argument, did you strike Jessica King?
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO PEE JAY'S:
dialog: We've seen this action before, as recounted by Albert Hawkins - Donnie grabbing Jessica,
text: Jessica clawing Donnie's arm, Donnie slapping her, Jessica falling back and hitting her head hard
text: against her car.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (V.O.)
dialog: J ain't proud of it, but - yes Sir.
text: BACK TO THE COURTROOM
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: What happened after you struck her?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Well, she banged her head purty hard when she went down -
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO PEE JAY'S:
text: Jessica is slurped against her car, half knocked out. Donnie moves toward her, bends down,
text: touches her face with concern - and then lifts her up.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (V.O.)
dialog: So I decided to take her to the hospital to get her checked out...
text: BACK TO THE COURTROOM
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: See, a few years back my daddy hit his head in the barn, he didn't go
dialog: the doctor and then he got one of then blood clots on the brain and he
text: dropped dead right in front of me - so I was kind of scared for her.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Did you ever reach the hospital?
text: FLASHBACK TO DONNIE'S TRUCK:
text: He's driving through the dark spring night down a two-lane blacktop road. Jessica is on the seat
text: beside him. She's touching the back of her head gingerly - she and Donnie are talking to each
text: other - and now Donnie slows down, takes his truck into a u-turn, and heads back the way
dialog: they've come.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (V.O.)
dialog: No sir. Jessie said she was afraid somebody at the hospital would know
dialog: her, and she said she was feelin’ better anyhow...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO PEE JAY'S:
text: Donnie pulls up in his truck near Jessica's car. Jessica gets out. Now Donnie pulls out of the
text: parking lot and back on the road.
speaker_heading: DONNIE (V.O.)
dialog: So I took her back to Pee Jay's and dropped her off - and then I went
text: on back home.
text: BACK TO THE COURTROOM
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: And that was the very last you ever saw of Jessica King.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Yes sir - the very last.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: And you didn't strangle to death that poor girl and wrap her in a chain
dialog: and hide her in your pond.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: No sir.
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: You know that chain she was wrapped in was your chain.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Sure it was. I get this green scum on my pond, and ever' now and then
dialog: I hook that chain up to this old phone pole and I drag the pole over the
dialog: pond to get that green stuff off. That chain's been down by lay pond for
dialog: years - hell anybody coulda come along and used it -
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: So you're not guilty of this charge.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: I'm guilty of cheatin’ on my wife, of bein’ a bad husband and a bad
dialog: Christian - but I ain't guilty of killin' Jessie. I swear to God!
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: No further questions.
text: Weems, looking pleased with himself, sits down. Now it's David Duncan's turn.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Mr. Barksdale... You're a wife beater, aren't you?
speaker_heading: WEEMS
dialog: Your honor, objection, the defendant's not on trial here for wife beatin’, he
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Overruled. The defendant will answer the question.
dialog: DONNIE (looking at Anita)
dialog: I've swore on the Good Book to tell the truth here today. Yeah, I've hit
dialog: Anita before. I guess it ain't no secret -
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: So you admit to having a history of violence against women - and you
dialog: also admit to having beaten up the victim an the night she was murdered -
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: I wouldn't say that I exactly beat 'er up -
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Just how badly do you have to beat a woman before it fits your definition
dialog: of "beating up"?
text: Donnie's silent, beginning to seethe.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: So, Donnie, according to your story, you were actually kind of a good
dialog: Samaritan that night - rushin' this woman to the hospital after she'd
dialog: gotten a little bump on the head -
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: I told you about my daddy - and anyhow, I've took Anita to the hospital
dialog: plenty of times...
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: I'll bet you have...
text: There are a few mean-spirited SNICKERS from the spectators. Donnie begins to redden.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Now your story is you'd been having an affair with the victim. But
dialog: tell us why a beautiful young woman like Jessica King, from one of
dialog: the finest families in Parker, just about to be married to a good, decent
text: professional man, and with a bright, shining future in front of her - why
dialog: would a woman like that get involved with somethin’ like you?
dialog: DONNIE (with something like a sly smile)
dialog: l asked ‘er that one time - and she said I was the only man in town who
dialog: knew how to fuck.
text: David Duncan looks as though he's been slapped in the face.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: You're really disgustin', you know that?
dialog: WEEMS (squeakily indignant)
dialog: Objection, your honor!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Sustained.
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Mr. Duncan, you'll refrain from personal comments of that nature.
dialog: DUNCAN (regaining his composure)
dialog: I apologize, your honor. It won't happen again.
text: ON ANNIE, who's been watching this exchange with intensified interest.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: So let's get this straight -
dialog: (with a sarcastic glance at Weems)
dialog: let's "clarify" this - you're saying it was just a coincidence that on the
dialog: very same night you physically assaulted Jessica King, somebody else
dialog: put her body in your pond?
text: Kenneth King has begun to sob now - Wayne puts his arm around his shoulders.
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: I'm not sayin’ it was a coincidence -
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: What are you saying?
dialog: DONNIE (looking straight at Annie)
dialog: I'm sayin' I got framed.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: What an original defense.
text: (suddenly gets right in Donnie's face - turning up the heat)
dialog: Did you think of Jessica King as a "stray cat"?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: No-
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Did you tell Sheriff Johnson a stray cat had clawed your arm?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Yeah -
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And didn't you just tell the court that Jessica King scratched your arm?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Yeah, but -
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: And didn't you tell Sheriff Johnson that you got scratched by the stray
dialog: cat 'cause she didn't like it when you killed her?
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: Yeah, but I was lyin' - my wife was standin’ right there -
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: How do we know you're not lying now?
speaker_heading: DONNIE (exploding)
dialog: ‘Cause I'm not god damn it!
dialog: (standing up, pointing at Annie)
dialog: it's her, god damn it! She's the reason I'm up here!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: The defendant will be seated!
speaker_heading: DONNIE
dialog: She's a goddamn witch! She's puttin’ spells on ever'-damn-body in town!
text: The color drains from Annie's face. Everybody's looking at her. She stands up.
dialog: LINDA (touching her arm)
dialog: Oh, darlin’...
text: And now as the Judge POUNDS his gavel for order, and the young D.A. smiles with satisfaction
text: at the outburst he's provoked, and Donnie Barksdale continues to BELLOW, Annie flees the
dialog: courtroom.
text: DONNIE (his face red, his lips flecked with spit)
dialog: Witch! Witch!!!!! WITCH!
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: OPEN CLOSE ON THE TV SET, where the six o'clock news is playing, with appropriate
dialog: graphics.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
text: In Parker today, a sensational murder trial was concluded. Donnie
dialog: Barksdale was found guilty in the sex and strangulation killing of
dialog: Jessica King, daughter of prominent Parker businessman Kenneth King...
text: Another ANGLE shows us Annie and her kids watching.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Is everything gonna be all right now, Mama?
text: Annie's face looks troubled - but she manages a nod and a smile.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: We can get on with our lives now...
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S BLUE ROOM - DAY
text: Annie is reading for Dorothy, the middle-aged black woman we saw earlier. Annie is staring
text: hard at the cards - she seems totally oblivious to Dorothy.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY (anxiously)
dialog: You see somethin' bad, Miss Annie?
dialog: ANNIE (snapping out of it)
dialog: No - of course not.
dialog: (gathering up her cards)
dialog: Dorothy, listen, I'm sorry - I just can't do this today...
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Annie's on the phone. Miller is at the table with Ben, coloring in a coloring book.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm cancelling all my appointments for the next few days. I'm just not
dialog: feelin' too well. Thank you, Miz Kemp. I'll call and reschedule. Bye.
text: Annie hangs up, looks in her phone book for another number.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Mama, are we gonna run out of money?
text: ANNIE (as she picks up the phone again)
dialog: We'll be fine, honey. You just color...
scene_heading: INT. THE POWER COMPANY OFFICE - DAY
text: Annie stands at a counter paying her electric bill. She gives a $10 bill to the female CLERK.
speaker_heading: CLERK (apologetically)
dialog: We're gonna have to have the rest of the balance soon, Miz Wilson.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I know... I'm sorry...
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S CAR - DAY
text: Annie pulls out of the power company parking lot onto the street. She's only gone a block or two
text: when her attention is drawn to a man in gray athletic shorts and a T-shirt weaving down the
text: sidewalk, obviously roaring drunk. When she gets up even with him, she sees that it's Wayne.
text: ANNIE (pulling over and cranking down the passenger window)
dialog: Wayne!
text: Wayne looks over, smiles, and then weaves her way.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Hi, Annie -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What do you think you're doin'?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Ran out of beer, and figured I was too drunk to drive -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Get in.
text: Wayne gets in the car, and Annie drives on.
dialog: WAYNE (still smiling)
dialog: You kidnappin' me?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm takin' you home. If people see you like this you're gonna get fired -
dialog: WAYNE (the smile fading)
dialog: You really think I give a shit?
scene_heading: EXT. WAYNE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: It's a modest but nice brick structure. Annie's car's parked in the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. WAYNE'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Wayne's sitting on the side of the bed, as Annie kneels in front of him, taking off his tennis
text: shoes. The room around them's a chaos of strewn clothes and scattered newspapers and empty
text: beer cans and pop bottles and half-eaten articles of food.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Wayne, this is a pig sty... Just sleep it off, and you'll feel better.
dialog: WAYNE (gazing at her)
dialog: I'm not sleepy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You will be.
text: Annie grasps his ankles, swings his legs up on the bed. Now Wayne reaches out, takes hold of
text: Annie's hand.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Why don't you join me?
speaker_heading: ANNIE (after a pause)
dialog: I don't think it'd be a good idea,
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Can't we just forget our troubles awhile? You want to, don't you?
dialog: I know there's somethin’ between us...
speaker_heading: ANNIE (softly)
dialog: I've only been with one man in my life - and when I'm with another
dialog: one, I want it to be for the right reasons.
text: Wayne fingers Annie's gold wedding band, looks at her questioningly.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I guess I still feel married.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You're not though. Your husband's dead. You gotta got that through
dialog: your head. Just like I gotta got through my head that Jessie's dead.
text: Annie's sitting on the side or the bed now, looking down at Wayne, something obviously on her
dialog: mind...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Wayne - I don't think Donnie Barksdale killed her.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I mean I see he didn't.
dialog: WAYNE (knocked for a loop)
dialog: Do you see who did?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No... I've tried... I just don't know yet...
dialog: WAYNE (after a pause)
dialog: What are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't know... I feel like lettin’ the bastard rot in jail...
text: Wayne nods, seeing her dilemma. And now the full impact of what Annie has told him begins to
text: sink in, and he covers his face with his hands.
dialog: WAYNE (with soft horror)
dialog: Jesus... it's not over...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A BACK YARD - DAY
text: Annie approaches an old stone well. It has a tiny roof, with wench, rope, and bucket beneath it.
text: A circular wooden cover fits over the opening of the well.
text: As Annie reaches the well, tall oaks and elms surrounding the yard FILL with a sudden gust of
text: wind. She looks up at the sky. Dark clouds are rolling in. A storm is coming.
text: Annie begins to push back the well's wooden cover. It makes a DRY SCRAPING NOISE. A
text: daddy longlegs, its repose disturbed, climbs up out of the darkness and scuttles away indignantly.
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE WELL
text: SHOOTING UP, we see the cover, pushed by Annie's arms, sliding the rest of the way back, and
text: then her face appearing.
text: BACK ON ANNIE peering down into the well.
text: In the faint shimmer of dark water, Annie uses herself. And then, after a moment, her reflection
text: begins to ripple and dissolve...
text: Now she's looking at herself again, but it's no longer her reflection, but a huge view of her head.
text: And then, from behind, in SLOW MOTION, a long gleaming silver cylinder of metal, bigger at
text: one end, comes crashing into her skull. Blood spurts from her hair, her eyes widen, then close,
text: and her image dissolves into darkness...
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S BLUE ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Annie, lying on her bed fully clothed, awakes with a GASP from her dream -
scene_heading: EXT. A VERY NICE AND EXPENSIVE HOUSE - EVENING
text: Annie, standing at the front door, RINGS the doorbell. Behind her the spring night is dark and
text: restless and wind-filled. There's a flicker of lightning, some THUNDER off in the distance. A
text: storm is coming.
text: The door's opened by a LITTLE GIRL. We recognize her from the family photograph on D.A.
text: David Duncan's desk.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Is your daddy home?
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL (yelling)
dialog: Daddy? Daddy, some woman's here!
text: And now David Duncan appears, looks at Annie with surprise.
scene_heading: INT. DUNCAN'S HOUSE - A BOOK-LINED STUDY - EVENING
text: Annie's sitting on a couch, Duncan's sitting across from her in a comfortable leather armchair.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
text: Sure he did it. It was an open and shut case.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I'm tellin’ you he didn't. The person that killed Jessica's still out there
dialog: someplace.
text: DUNCAN (looking at her sceptically)
dialog: So what's the deal? The Barksdales been threatening you? I'll talk to
dialog: Pearl Johnson, we won't let lea got away with it -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: This has nothing to do with the Barksdales. Listen to me. I know that
dialog: Donnie didn't kill Jessica the same way I knew her body was in his pond.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (after a pause)
dialog: Do you..."know"... who did kill her?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: So what do you care? The son of a bitch is in jail... you and your kids
dialog: are safe...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't think we are. I got a warnin' today. I think someone's gonna try
dialog: and kill me.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (after a pause)
dialog: So what do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Reopen the case. Find out who really did it.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: That's gonna make me look pretty silly, isn't it? Puttin’ the wrong guy
dialog: in jail...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't give a damn if you look silly!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Listen - I know you were havin' an affair with Jessica.
text: Duncan turns pale.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: You and I both know you should've disqualified yourself from this
dialog: case. What do you think's gonna happen to your pathetic little political
dialog: career if people find out you had sex with the "victim" the night before
dialog: she was killed?
text: Duncan gets up from his armchair, moves over to his bar, pours himself a Scotch, takes a gulp. A
text: gust of wind RATTLES the windows.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN
dialog: Do you want money?
dialog: ANNIE (with a sigh)
dialog: No... I want you to reopen the case.
speaker_heading: DUNCAN (carefully)
dialog: There's a saying about letting sleeping dogs lie. You think you're in
dialog: danger now? Look at it logically. The real danger starts if this case
dialog: gets reopened, and somebody starts worryin' you're gonna have another
dialog: one of your damn dreams...
text: Annie sits there quietly for a moment, as this sinks in. Now she stands up, walks slowly toward
text: the door. But when she reaches the door, she turns around.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Look, all I know is an innocent man's in jail, I don't care how awful
dialog: he is, and I helped put him there. I can't live with something like that.
dialog: Now you reopen this case, or I will.
text: Now Annie leaves. The CAMERA LINGERS on Duncan, as he takes another anxious drink of
dialog: his Scotch.
scene_heading: EXT. AND INT. ANNIE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Annie gets in her car, backs out of the driveway of Duncan's house. There's more lightning and
text: THUNDER, and raindrops begin to spatter the windshield.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANNIE IN HER CAR
text: She turns a corner onto her street. It I a raining hard now, her wipers are flailing.
text: She reaches her house. As she turns into her driveway and her headlights sweep the yard, she's
text: startled to see, for just a moment, Buddy Cole standing in the rain.
text: She drives her car under the carport. She gets out, moves back to the edge of the carport, looks
text: out at the rain-and-wind-swept yard. Lightning illuminates it. It's empty now.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (calling)
dialog: Buddy?
text: No answer. Looking extremely uneasy, Annie moves to the door, unlocks it.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Annie comes in, and immediately locks the door behind her. She moves to the phone, picks it up
text: and dials.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Hi, Miz Francis, I'm back. How are the kids? Listen, I was wondering if
dialog: we could
dialog: stay over at your house tonight. Thanks. I'll be there in a little bit. Bye.
text: As she hangs up, she thinks she hears a faint NOISE over at the kitchen window. She looks at it
dialog: sharply.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (calling)
dialog: Buddy?
text: Silence, except for the SOUNDS of the storm. Looking uneasier still, Annie moves down the
text: hallway into her room.
text: She takes an overnight bag out of a closet, opens a drawer, puts her nightgown into the bag - and
text: then suddenly freezes, as she hears a sharp KNOCK at the front door.
text: She moves tentatively into the hall. The KNOCK comes again. She walks back into the living
text: room, advances toward the door as the third KNOCK sounds.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (calling)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Wayne!
text: Annie, looking relieved, unlocks the door. Wayne comes in, drenched to the skin.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Wayne, you're soaked -
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I walked - the rain felt good...
text: Annie closes the door, staring at Wayne - he looks terrible, dripping and haggard and unshaven
dialog: and pale.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Did you see Buddy Cole outside?
dialog: WAYNE (puzzled - shaking his head)
dialog: I thought he was at the nuthouse over in Benton -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He is... maybe I imagined it...
text: Wayne sits down heavily on the couch, looks up at Annie with haunted eyes.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: What are you doin' here?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Ever since you told me what you told me today, I... I've been feelin’
dialog: like I'm goin’ crazy... Annie, you gotta tell me - who killed Jessie?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I told you, I don't know -
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You said you didn't know yet. Look, I was a sceptic about all this stuff,
dialog: but - you've convinced me.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Wayne, I've looked at my cards a hundred times and I just don't see
dialog: anything.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm startin’ to think maybe I don't want to see...
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What if we went out there?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Went out where?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: To the pond. Maybe if you vent back out to where it happened - where
dialog: Jessie was - maybe that'd help you start seein, some things -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Wayne, it's raining... it's dark... I'm exhausted...
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Annie, I can't stand another night of this... I'm begging you...
text: As Annie looks at Wayne's pale, desperate face, we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AND INT. ANNIE'S CUTLASS - NIGHT
text: Annie's driving through the spring thunderstorm with Wayne. They're out in the country. The
text: rain makes the pavement a black mirror. The windshield wipers throb and thrash. Lightning
text: occasionally splashes the landscape with shuddering light.
text: Annie glances over at Wayne, who's smoking a cigarette, and staring straight ahead into the
dialog: violent night.
text: Now off to her left Annie can make out the long white fence, the big pasture. She slows down...
text: sees in her headlights the mailbox marked BARKSDALE... and now she turns down the dirt
dialog: road.
text: Ahead of them they see among the trees the lights of Donnie Barksdale's house.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: There's the road -
text: Wayne's pointing to a smaller dirt road angling off to the left. Annie turns down it.
text: The road's rutty and bumpy. Annie can't see much of anything except the bright bullets of rain
text: hurtling through the headlights.
text: But now revealed to Annie, in some sudden lightning-light, is the pond.
text: She moves a little closer, then stops. She switches off the engine and the headlights.
text: The rain BATTERS the roof. Annie looks over at Wayne. He manages an encouraging smile.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I don't know what's gonna happen...
speaker_heading: WAYNE (softly)
dialog: Me neither...
scene_heading: EXT. THE POND - NIGHT
text: They get out of the car. Within seconds Annie is soaked. She looks over at Wayne, who's just
text: standing by the car staring at the pond. Annie moves around the car and joins him.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Let's just kinda walk around.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You got a flashlight?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Yeah, in the glove compartment.
text: Wayne opens the car door again. The dome light comes on. Annie watches as Wayne opens the
text: glove compartment, pulls out the flashlight.
text: ON ANNIE'S FACE, staring at the flashlight - and then we:
text: FLASHBACK TO HER VISION IN THE WELL:
scene_heading: A GLEAMING METAL CYLINDRICAL OBJECT BASHES HER SKULL, BLOOD SPURTS
text: FROM HER HAIR...
dialog: BACK TO THE POND
text: Wayne shuts the car door, turns the flashlight on. Its beam pokes out into the night, plays over
text: the pond which is being raked with rain, slides along its banks...
text: Wayne notices Annie is staring at him.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You okay?
text: Annie nods. She and Wayne begin to walk. The storm continues unabated. They reach the old
text: phone pole that Donnie Barksdale used for skimming algae off his pond. Annie stops, gazes at
dialog: it...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK To POND:
text: Jessica's nude body is lying at an angle across the pole, her throat and face discolored, her dead
text: eyes staring at nothing. A man's hands are wrapping a chain around her...
speaker_heading: BACK TO POND
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You seein’ somethin’?
dialog: ANNIE (quickly - too quickly)
dialog: No -
text: Wayne gives her a lingering look. They resume walking slowly around the pond. Annie glances
text: at Wayne, at the flashlight in his hand - and now it is as though a dam is breaking inside Annie,
text: and IMAGES of the murder of Jessica King come flooding in...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO PEE JAY'S:
text: Wayne's car enters the parking lot. He's got a beer in his hand, a six pack on the seat beside his.
text: He's cruising, looking for Jessica. And now he sees her Mazda parked in the back of the parking
dialog: lot...
dialog: BACK TO POND:
text: As she and Wayne walk, Annie looks up at the wild, lightning-ripped sky...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO PEE JAY'S:
text: Wayne's car is parked in the darkness of some trees across the road from Pee Jay's. Wayne's
text: smoking a cigarette - he's got a view of the parking lot and Jessica's car. And now he sees
text: Donnie Barksdale's four-wheel-drive truck coming down the road, turning into Pee Jay's. Wayne
text: watches as Jessica gets out, and Donnie drives his truck back out on the road, and leaves. As
text: Jessica moves toward her car, Wayne starts up his own car, and drives across the road into the
dialog: parking lot.
text: Jessica's putting her key into the lock when she looks around and sees Wayne pulling up.
dialog: JESSICA (with a nervous smile)
dialog: Wayne - what are you doin’ here?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Just drivin' around. I thought you were goin’ to bed early tonight?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: I couldn't sleep -
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Wanna go for a ride?
text: JESSICA (after a pause - with a smile)
dialog: Sure.
text: Jessica gets in Wayne's car. They leave the parking lot, and pull out onto the road...
dialog: BACK TO POND:
text: Mud sucks at the shoes of Annie and Wayne...
text: FLASHBACK TO WAYNE'S CAR:
text: Wayne pulls off the blacktop onto a little dirt road running off into the woods.
dialog: JESSICA (with an uneasy smile)
dialog: Where we goin"?
text: Wayne shrugs, drains his beer, tosses the empty can out the window. He sees Jessica rubbing the
text: back of her head, looking a little queasy.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: JESSICA (with a shrug)
dialog: Headache.
text: Now Wayne pulls the car over into a little roadside clearing, turns off the motor and the
text: headlights. Jessica is looking at him questioningly.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Take off your clothes.
dialog: BACK TO POND:
text: Annie looks over at Wayne as they walk: rain drips steadily from his nose, his chin, his hand
text: where it holds the flashlight...
text: FLASHBACK TO THE WOODS:
text: Wayne and Jessica are outside the car now. Jessica slips off her panties, and puts them with the
text: rest of her clothes on the hood. Now she stands naked before Wayne. Out of the black woods
text: come the sounds of frogs and crickets.
dialog: JESSICA (pulling Wayne to her)
dialog: Aren't you takin, yours off too?
dialog: WAYNE (with disgust)
dialog: Ican small it on you.
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Sex. You just fucked him, didn't you?
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: Donnie Barksdale...
text: Jessica, after briefly considering it, decides there's no point in lying.
text: JESSICA (with a mocking, defiant smile)
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: "So"?
dialog: (grabbing her shoulders, shaking her)
dialog: I love you, Jessie ... why?
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: ‘Cause I felt like bein' with a man for a change.
dialog: (reaching for her clothes)
dialog: Listen, we're through. I don't like bein’ spied on. I don't know why
dialog: I'm with you anyway - it's just 'cause Daddy likes you.
dialog: WAYNE (not letting her go)
dialog: You horrible little bitch!
speaker_heading: JESSICA
dialog: T'll show you a bitch if you don't let me go-
dialog: (beginning to struggle)
dialog: Let me go, Wayne - you're drunk - Wayne -
text: Jessica hits Wayne in the face. Wayne, enraged, bends Jessica back over the hood of the car...
dialog: BACK TO POND:
text: A flash of lightning illuminates Wayne's face.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO WOODS:
text: Wayne's hands are wrapped around Jessica's throat now, squeezing, squeezing... As Jessica loses
text: consciousness, bar hands cease to fight Wayne, fall back on the hood. The camera moves in
text: close on her watch: the time is 1:28...
dialog: BACK TO POND:
text: The wind is blowing harder. Annie stares at a cottonwood tree by the pond thrashing wildly...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO WOODS:
text: Wayne's looking down at Jessica's body, which he's put in the trunk of his car. Now he slams
text: down the trunk lid.
text: He moves to the front of the car, gathers up Jessica's clothes, hurls them into the woods. And
text: then he just stands there, a look of horror and emptiness on his face, as he confronts the dark
text: mystery of the trees, and listens to the CROAKING of frogs, the CHIRRING of crickets...
dialog: BACK TO POND:
text: Annie looks at the flashlight in Wayne's hand, raindrops glittering in its bright beam...
dialog: FLASHBACK TO POND:
text: Wayne's dragging Jessica's chain-wrapped body down the bank and into the pond. A thousand
text: frogs are CROAKING. As he steps into the water, he sees a snake wriggling across the pond's
text: smooth surface, making ripples of starlight.
text: Wayne wades into the water with Jessica's body in tow, till the water's up to his shoulders. Now
text: he releases Jessica, and she sinks out of sight with a final mermaidish swirl of her beautiful hair.
text: Wayne wades back to the bank. As he's about to step out of the water, he gets the sensation of
text: being watched. He looks up, and sees standing in a row on the top of the bank, gazing down at
text: him, their tongues lolling, Tommy Lee Ballard's four lost bluetick hounds...
dialog: BACK TO POND:
text: Annie suddenly stops. She turns and looks at Wayne, trying to hide the horror and fear she feels.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: I think we better go back -
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Nothin's comin' to you?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No-
text: And now Wayne shines the flashlight full into Annie's face. Her hair's hanging loose and stringy
text: and streaming with rain - she blinks in the light.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (softly)
dialog: You know...
text: They're standing right at the top of the bank. Annie backs away from Wayne. One foot slips in
text: the mud, she regains her balance, but now finds herself moving down the bank, toward the pond
text: as Wayne advances on her, the flashlight never straying from her face.
dialog: WAYNE (pleading and desperate)
dialog: I'm a good man, Annie. I'm not some killer. You don't know what it was
dialog: like -
text: Annie's into the shallow water of the pond now, still backing away from Wayne. The storm
text: continues to rage.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Wayne, let's go to my house. I'll read for you - I'll talk to you -
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You're a good woman. You'd have to turn me in -
text: The water's knee-deep on them, then hip-deep. All Annie can see is the blazing circle of the
dialog: flashlight.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You know I think a lot of you. if it had been you with me instead of
dialog: her, none of this would've happened.
dialog: (tears springing to his eyes - in anguish)
dialog: My God -
text: Wayne lunges for Annie, gets her by the arm, Annie struggles and punches, lightning flashes,
text: thunder RIPS, she rakes his face with her fingernails, he SCREAMS and grabs her hair, he forces
text: her head underwater, she is drowning, she bites his arm, he YELLS, she gets away, she is
text: sloshing frantically toward the bank, he dives for her and tackles her, they thrash and roll in the
text: water in the crazy light of the lightning, he lifts his flashlight over his head but before he can
text: bring it smashing down on her skull -
text: His wrist is grabbed.
text: ANNIE'S POV: BEHIND WAYNE, LIT UP BY THE FLASHLIGHT, IS THE FACE OF
speaker_heading: BUDDY COLE.
text: Buddy wrenches the flashlight from Wayne's grasp, and before Wayne can turn around, he hits
text: Wayne hard in the side of the head with it.
text: Wayne drops without a sound into the water.
text: Breathing hard, Annie stares at Buddy, as he stands in front of her, lashed by the wind and rain.
speaker_heading: BUDDY (softly)
dialog: You okay, Miz Wilson?
text: Annie nods. She looks down at Wayne, who's floating face down in the pond - bubbles are
text: burbling up around his head.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: He's drownin' -
text: And Buddy and Annie grab Wayne under the arms, start dragging him out of the pond...
text: They drag Wayne up the bank, and then toward Annie's car. Buddy never says a word - Annie
text: keeps looking at him, hardly able to believe he's actually here.
text: ANNIE (as they reach her car)
dialog: In the trunk...
text: Annie opens the trunk, and they lift and shove and roll Wayne inside. Wayne's breathing is
text: heavy, and the hair on the side of his head is matted with blood. Annie picks up a tangled set of
text: jumper cables, hands one to Buddy. They tie Wayne's ankles together, and his hands behind his
text: back. Wayne gives a faint MOAN, moves his head a little.
text: Annie puts her hands on the trunk lid - looks down at Wayne for a long, uncomprehending
text: moment - then shuts the trunk. Now she turns to Buddy, who's standing quietly at her side.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Will you go back into town with me?
text: Buddy nods.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Annie and Buddy get in. Annie starts up the car, turns an the headlights. Now she looks over at
dialog: Buddy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How'd you get out here anyway?
text: Buddy smiles a quiet, mysterious smile...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT./INT. ANNIE'S CAR, MOVING DOWN THE BLACKTOP - NIGHT
text: The storm has passed over now, only an occasional raindrop spatters the windshield... Annie
text: turns off the vipers.
text: Annie looks over at Buddy, who is sitting beside her staring straight ahead. There's an
text: uncharacteristic calmness about him, an odd sort of... the only word is "serenity."
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Buddy... you're supposed to be in the hospital...
text: Buddy looks over at Annie, and smiles.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I escaped, Miz Wilson. I'm free!
speaker_heading: ANNIE (after a pause)
dialog: Buddy, I'm sorry I wasn't there for you. I should've -
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Now don't you say nothin’ else. You were the only one that was a friend
dialog: to me. I love you. You're the soul of this town, Miz Wilson. You just
dialog: need to keep on doin' what you're doin’ ...
text: And now Buddy looks straight ahead again, with the same calm look...
scene_heading: EXT. PARKER CITY HALL AND-SHERIFFS DEPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Annie's car pulls up in front.
scene_heading: INT. ANNIE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Annie switches off. the motor, then looks over at Buddy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Buddy - you know you're gonna have to go back...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yes ma'am... I know...
text: Now Annie gets out of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY HALL AND SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: As Annie walks away from the car she hears a THUDDING NOISE from the trunk, and an
text: anguished GROAN. Now she hurries up the sidewalk, and up the steps to the entrance.
text: ON BUDDY, sitting in the car, watching her go...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL AND SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Annie is walking with two deputies quickly down the hall back to the entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY HALL AND SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Annie and the deputies come out.
text: ONE OF THE DEPUTIES
dialog: Can I have your keys, ma'am?
text: Annie gives him her keys. The deputies move toward her car, drawing their guns - but Annie
text: stops at the bottom of the steps.
text: ANNIE'S POV: THE CAR IS EMPTY.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF JOHNSON'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Annie sits in Sheriff Johnson's little glassed-in cubicle, a blanket around her shoulders, sipping a
text: steaming cup of coffee. in the outer office, we see Pearl Johnson come in, confer a moment with
text: a deputy. Now both Sheriff and deputy stare in at Annie.
text: Now the Sheriff comes in, takes a seat at his desk.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: How you doin’?
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Okay.
text: The Sheriff pulls a half-smoked cigar out of his pocket, lights it.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: I just talked to Wayne. He pretty much admitted to ever'thing. He
dialog: said he was sorry for what he tried to do to you. He said he just went
dialog: pure-crazy -
text: He takes the cigar from his mouth, shaking his head as he inspects it as though It's the enigma.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: I've known that boy half my life - just goes to show you, you can know
dialog: somebody and not know him.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: How's his head?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: You put a pretty good dent in it.
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: No, Sheriff, I told you, it was Buddy Cole - he saved me -
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: It weren't Buddy.
speaker_heading: ANNIE (taken aback)
dialog: Sure it was. Ask Wayne.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: I did. He don't remember what happened. Head injuries is funny...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Sheriff, I'm tallin' you, it was -
speaker_heading: SHERIFF JOHNSON
dialog: Ma'am, what I'm tryin' to say is, it couldn't've been Buddy. I just
dialog: called ever to the state hospital -
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Buddy escaped, he -
text: SHERIFF JOHNSON Ma'am - Buddy Cole is dead. He hanged hisself
dialog: in the shower room at seven o'clock this evenin' ...
text: From Annie's stunned face, we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A CEMETERY - DAY
text: Annie, Mike, Miller, and Ben are standing in front of a freshly dug grave.
text: Now we get a look at the name on the tombstone: "BUDDY COLE."
speaker_heading: ANNIE (to Miller)
dialog: Go ahead...
text: Miller puts some flowers on the grave. They stand there quietly for a few more moments - and
text: then Annie starts to usher her kids away.
speaker_heading: MIKE (anxiously)
dialog: Mama?
text: Annie looks at Mike...she knows what he wants... Annie nods and smiles a little, and Mike
text: smiles too.
text: The Wilsons walk across the cemetery. The grass is lush and green. It's a gorgeous spring day,
text: with billowy white clouds sailing across the sky like ships. They pass among the tombstones and
text: the flowers, till they reach another grave.
text: Annie and her kids stand there looking at it... the tombstone says: "BEN WILSON."
text: Annie's eyes moisten - she seems to be making an effort to control herself.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Mama - can Daddy see us from out of the ground?
text: And now a low, terrible MOAN escapes from Annie, and, as though punched in the stomach, she
text: drops to her knees in front of the grave. She cries, she sobs with all the pent-up hurt of her
dialog: broken heart...
text: Her sons are looking at her, a little frightened by what's happening. Mike and Miller have begun
text: to cry too, though Ben's too little to cry. And now Annie looks up at them, and she suddenly
text: grabs Mike and hugs him hard, and then gathers up all three of the kids in her arms...
speaker_heading: ANNIE
dialog: Daddy's not in the ground - but I think he can see us...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE CEMETERY - A LITTLE LATER
text: Annie and her sons are walking back to their car. Annie has her arms over Mike and Miller's
text: shoulders, while Miller's holding on to Ben Jr.'s hand. They look sad, and yet at the sane time, in
text: their shared sadness, somehow close and happy.
text: The CAMERA PULLS AWAY from Annie and her sons as they reach the car and get in. Now
text: Annie's car moves out of the cemetery onto a road as the CAMERA PULLS BACK FURTHER,
text: to show both the cemetery and the little town to which the road leads...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
