speaker_heading: THE INTERN
dialog: by
dialog: Nancy Meyers
dialog: January 2014
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. PROSPECT PARK —- BROOKLYN - AN EARLY SPRING MORNING
text: An eclectic Group ranging in age from 30 to 80 gather in rows
text: performing the ancient Chinese martial art of TAI CHI. They
text: are led by their young and graceful Instructor. CAMERA
text: GLIDES PAST one student to the next, as they move in sync
text: through their meditative poses. CREDITS BEGIN.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: Freud said, “Love and work, work
dialog: and love. That’s all there is.”
dialog: Well, I’m retired and my wife is
dialog: dead.
text: And on that, we ARRIVE on BEN WHITTAKER. Ben just turned
dialog: Seventy, an Everyman in many ways, but a unique man to all
text: who know him. He exhales as he turns in sync with the others.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: -- As you can imagine, that has
dialog: given me some time on my hands.
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - BROOKLYN - NIGHT
text: BEN, wearing a suit and tie, sits in an upright chair in his
text: comfortable brownstone, TALKING TO CAMERA. Looks like he’s
speaker_heading: on VIDEO.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: My wife’s been gone for three-and-a-
dialog: half years. I miss her in every
dialog: way. And retirement -- that is an
text: ongoing, relentless effort in
dialog: creativity. At first, I admit, I
dialog: enjoyed the novelty of it. Sort of
dialog: felt like I was playing hooky.
scene_heading: EXT. JFK TARMAC - NEW YORK CITY - DAY
text: A jumbo jet lifts off.
speaker_heading: BEN V.O.
dialog: I used all the miles I had saved
dialog: and traveled the globe.
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S BROWNSTONE - BROOKLYN - NIGHT
text: Ben ENTERS in an overcoat, carrying his suitcase and wearing
text: a purple lei around his neck. He stands for a moment in his
text: quiet, empty house.
speaker_heading: BEN V.O.
dialog: Problem was, no matter where I
dialog: went, as soon as I got home, the
dialog: nowhere to be thing hit me like a
dialog: ton of bricks.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN STREET - MORNING RUSH HOUR - WINTER
text: It’s noisy. Ben walks among the crowd, paper under his arm.
speaker_heading: BEN V.O.
dialog: I realized the key to this whole
dialog: deal was to keep moving. Get up,
dialog: get out of the house and go
text: somewhere. Anywhere.
scene_heading: INT. PARK SLOPE STARBUCKS - MORNING
text: Crowded with folks on their way to work. Ben sits on a stool
text: at a corner table with a bagel and the morning’s Post.
speaker_heading: BEN V.O.
dialog: Come rain or shine, I’m at my
dialog: Starbucks by 7:15. Can’t explain
dialog: it, but it makes me feel part of
dialog: something.
text: Two Male Execs in their 40's, ask Ben if they can share his
text: table. Ben’s delighted, moves his papers. The Guys take the
text: two remaining stools, turn them away from Ben and begin an
text: impromptu meeting -- as if Ben wasn’t even there.
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Ben to CAMERA.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: How do I spend the rest of my days?
dialog: You name it. Golf, movies, books,
dialog: pinochle, tried yoga, learned to
dialog: cook, bought some plants, took
dialog: classes in Mandarin.
speaker_heading: (SPEAKS MANDARIN)
dialog: Translation? Believe me, I’ve tried
dialog: everything.
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: Ben walks the center aisle between the pews. Many of his
text: friends sit around him. He pats a back or two as he looks
text: for an empty seat.
speaker_heading: BEN V.O.
dialog: And then of course, there are the
dialog: funerals. So many more than I could
dialog: imagine.
text: As Ben looks for a seat, a cute number about Ben’s age, PATTY
text: POMERANTZ, smiles at him, hoping he’1ll sit next to her. Just
text: then, Ben spots his friend, MILES, who shows him he saved him
text: a seat. Ben smiles back at Patty but joins Miles, who shakes
text: his head at their deceased friend, lying before them. Ben
text: looks at his friend, tears quickly welling in his eyes.
scene_heading: CLOSE - AN OPEN SUITCASE
text: On Ben’s BED. Ben places TWO GIFTS wrapped in Toy Store
text: wrapping paper on top of his clothes, zips his bag shut.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.0)
dialog: The only traveling I do these days
dialog: is out to San Diego to visit my son
dialog: and his family.
scene_heading: A CHILD'S BEDROOM CEILING - NIGHT
text: The ceiling is filled with stars that glisten in the dark.
text: CAMERA TILTS DOWN past them.
speaker_heading: BEN V.O.
dialog: They’re all so great, I love ‘em
dialog: to pieces, but to be honest, I
dialog: think I’ve probably relied on them
dialog: way more than I should.
text: We arrive on a LITTLE GIRL ASLEEP in the top bunk of a bunk-
text: bed. As CAMERA CONTINUES TO BOOM DOWN we find Ben wide awake
text: in the bottom bunk under Dora the Explorer sheets.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.0)
dialog: Don’t get me wrong. I’m not an
dialog: unhappy person. Quite the contrary.
dialog: I just know there’s a hole in my
dialog: life and I need to fill it.
text: Ben TURNS TOWARD CAMERA, turns out a small lamp and the
text: SCREEN goes BLACK.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: Soon.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET - BROOKLYN - DAY
text: Ben EXITS carrying groceries, just about passing by the
text: market’s colorful Bulletin Board.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: Which brings me to this morning,
dialog: when I was leaving Trader Joe's and
dialog: caught your flyer out of the corner
dialog: of my eye.
scene_heading: CAMERA WHIPS to a flyer -- SENIOR INTERNSHIP PROGRAM AT
scene_heading: CLOTHESTHATFIT.coM. OVER Ben’s V.O. reads: SENIORS- BEAN INTERN
scene_heading: WE NEED YOUR EXPERIENCE AND WE’LL TEACH YOU WHAT WE KNOW! APPLY
dialog: Topay!
text: ON BEN. Amused and intrigued. As he reaches for the flyer --
speaker_heading: PATTY (0.S.)
dialog: I thought that was you!
text: Ben turns to find Patty, the woman from the Funeral.
speaker_heading: PATTY (cont'd)
dialog: What’d you find?
dialog: (reads for herself)
dialog: Senior Internship Program at... How
dialog: do you pronounce this? I hate when
dialog: they don’t put spaces between the
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: ClothesThatFit.com. I think an
dialog: internet place is looking for
dialog: Senior Interns. Am I reading that
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Lemme see.
dialog: (skims the Flyer)
dialog: You have to be over 65, have
dialog: organizational skills, genuine
dialog: interest in e-commerce, whatever
dialog: that is, and a roll up your sleeves
dialog: attitude. Well, that’s you to aT,
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: ClothesThatFit... Is that the
dialog: outfit that took over the--
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Yeah, I think they bought one of
dialog: the factories on Front Street. My
dialog: daughter tells me they sell clothes
dialog: on the web. How that works, I have
dialog: no idea.
text: Ben tears off the Flyer, then seems thrown.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh. You have to upload the
dialog: application. That could be
dialog: challenging. Listen to this.
dialog: (reads )
dialog: Cover letters are so old fashioned.
dialog: (they both react, Ben
dialog: continues reading)
dialog: So show us who you are with a cover
dialog: letter video.
dialog: (Patty’s confused, Ben
dialog: reads)
dialog: Upload your video to youtube or
dialog: vimeo using .mov, .avi or an .mpg
dialog: file. We look forward to meeting
dialog: you.
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Okay. I guess that’s meeting me.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: I swear, I don’t even know what
dialog: language that was. What are you
dialog: doin’ tonight Ben?
dialog: (peeks in his grocery bag)
dialog: Frozen Lasagne... I could make a
dialog: little salad and turn that into
dialog: dinner for two.
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: Like we did that time but never did
dialog: again. That was five months ago,
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Was it? Yeah, no, we should do that
dialog: again for sure but okay by you if I
dialog: take a rain check?
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: You’re cute you know that?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, I didn’t...
text: Ben bends down to kiss Patty on the cheek. She takes his face
text: and kisses him on the lips.
speaker_heading: PATTY
dialog: Don’t wait too long, doll. We're
dialog: not gettin’ any younger.
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S KITCHEN - THAT NIGHT
text: Ben washes his dinner plate, puts it in the empty dish rack.
text: Then washes a single glass, puts that in the dish rack.
scene_heading: 1 A.M. - BEN CAN’T SLEEP
text: He stares at the ceiling, then impulsively tosses off the
dialog: covers.
text: A MOTORIZED TIE RACK SWINGS into action. Ben decisively
text: selects a tie.
text: IN THE BATHROOM, now wearing a crisp suit and tie, Ben combs
text: his hair. Looks at himself, knows what he has to do.
speaker_heading: BEN (V.O.)
dialog: So -- here I am...
scene_heading: INT. BEN'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: An old model Camcorder is perched on a table, it’s red RECORD
text: light ON. CAMERA circles behind the Camcorder until it finds
text: what it’s shooting -- BEN, in his suit and tie.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- applying to be one of your
dialog: interns because the more I think
dialog: about this idea, the more
dialog: tremendous I think it is. I have a
dialog: ton of knowledge I can share. Love
dialog: the idea of having a place I can go
dialog: every day. I want the connection,
dialog: the excitement, I want to be
dialog: challenged and I guess I might even
dialog: want to be needed. The tech stuff
dialog: might take a bit to figure out, I
dialog: had to call my nine year old
dialog: grandson just to find out what a
dialog: USB connector was...but I’1l get
dialog: there. Eager to learn. Also, want
dialog: you to know, I’ve been a company
dialog: man all my life. I’m loyal, I’m
dialog: trustworthy and I’m good ina
dialog: crisis. I read once, musicians
dialog: don't retire. They stop when
text: there’s no more music in them.
dialog: Well, I still have music in me.
dialog: Absolutely positive about that.
scene_heading: INT. THE FANTASTIC OFFICES OF CLOTHESTHATFIT.COM - DAY
text: A former factory retrofitted as an enormous bullpen. It’s a
text: football field of cubicles buzzing like a trading floor.
text: Some have described it as organized chaos -- it’s a young
text: company growing at hyper-speed. The surroundings are not
dialog: fancy but there’s a coolness factor here that can’t be
text: denied. It’s a start up that’s taken off.
text: Everyone working here is either young or really young. Cute,
text: fashion-y women and sweatshirt-clad engineers.
text: CAMERA quickly moves past cubicles, ENTERING the very swamped
text: CUSTOMER SERVICE area, where 25 Young Men and Women wear
text: headsets and chat to their Customers. As we pass by, we HEAR:
dialog: "Good news, I found a size 8 in navy!" “You're right, it
dialog: should have arrived by now, let me track that for you.” “Yep,
dialog: these pants are awesome if you have hips. Super slimming.”
dialog: “Yes, we are called ClothesThatFit and I'm very sorry the
dialog: dress didn't fit... Sir."
dialog: 
text: We arrive at the last cubicle where JULES OSTIN is mid-call.
text: Jules has been “leaning in” since pre-school -- hard-wired to
dialog: be something, to do something. She prides herself in not
dialog: wanting to be stereotyped. Her strongest attribute is her
dialog: very big brain, which unfortunately for those around her,
dialog: never shuts down. Ever.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (into headset)
dialog: Okay, let me just review this with
dialog: you. You have six bridesmaids and
dialog: you bought six of the silk chiffon
text: Antoinette dresses, in pink. The
dialog: wedding is in three days and the
dialog: dresses arrived this morning -- all
text: in charcoal gray.
text: (a co-worker overhears,
dialog: mouth agape)
dialog: -- which we don’t even sell, so
dialog: that’s a bit of a mystery. Rachel,
dialog: please don’t cry, you have to look
dialog: fresh for your wedding. Really,
dialog: let me cry ‘cause this is entirely
dialog: our fault. So, okay, here’s what
dialog: we're going to do. I’m going to
dialog: call the vendor and get this fixed
dialog: today, I will personally see the
dialog: dresses myself before they are Fed
dialog: Exed and they will be at your front
dialog: door by 10 a.m. on Friday. Let me
dialog: give you my cell just in case...
dialog: Ready? 917-582-4848.
dialog: (Others around her take
dialog: note of this)
dialog: Okay? --Well, you’re starting to
dialog: sound a little better already.
dialog: Thank you so much for your
dialog: patience. Oh! I’m also going to
dialog: refund you back 50% on each dress.
dialog: It’s the least we can do. No --
dialog: thank you! So check this one off
dialog: your list, this is done! And
dialog: Rachel, have a great wedding!
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: OhmyGod, how did that happen?
text: Jules looks up and sees her perennially overwrought YOUNG
text: ASSISTANT, BECKY -- just out of college and a little nervous
text: around Jules. Becky is an incredibly hard worker but
dialog: unfortunately has no ability to prioritize or organize.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: (rises )
dialog: I know, I’m late for something.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah. Everything.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: But you see why I take customer
dialog: service calls? This is so good.
dialog: Learn so much. What’s up? What’s
dialog: going on?
text: As Becky reads from a Post-It, Jules climbs onto a nearby
text: bike, starts to peddle through the office. Becky tries to
dialog: keep up, talks fast.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Okay. Candice was waiting for you
dialog: but had another meeting, she said
dialog: she'll be back at Two. Your 11:00
text: is in the conference room, so is
dialog: your 11:10, finance needs you and I
dialog: guess you e-mailed a bunch of
dialog: people at 4 a.m. about something?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- Oh, good! I forgot about that. I
dialog: want to figure out a way for
dialog: girlfriends to shop together on
dialog: line...make it less of an alone
dialog: thing. E-mail me that idea, will
dialog: ya?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah, I like that.
dialog: (writing quickly, takes
dialog: out Phone)
dialog: Is now a good time to call your
dialog: Mother back?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (What? )
dialog: Dude, I’m on a bike...
text: A small Group sings Happy Birthday to a co-worker. They hope
text: Jules will stop by but she just waves instead as she pedals
dialog: past.
text: Jules passes by an EMPTY CUBICLE which everyone uses to store
text: their crap. It’s filled with files, shoe boxes, hangers,
text: computer cords. An eye sore. Jules squints at the mess as
text: she rides by.
text: JULES LANDS IN HER CHAIR - AT HER DESK
text: Near the FRONT OF THE ROOM. On her desk is a ridiculous
text: stack of work, a computer with two monitors, a laptop and a
text: sign that says “FOCUS”.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Becky...
dialog: (Becky arrives out of
dialog: breath. )
dialog: Can you patch me in. You okay?
text: Becky nods, hits a few keys on her phone, nods to Jules.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
text: (picks up her phone, then
speaker_heading: OVER THE P.A.)
dialog: I need creative and marketing...
dialog: and the buying and merchandizing
dialog: teams for the silk chiffon
dialog: Antoinette dress. Oh! Also... Just
dialog: did some Customer Service calls -
dialog: we got a great review from a
dialog: customer in Michigan who said
text: (pulls a note out of her
dialog: pocket, reads)
dialog: -- opening our box was like giving
dialog: a gift to herself. Thought that was
dialog: cool.
text: A WAVE starts across the office, and as it reaches Jules, she
text: does a half-assed version and is off to the Conference Room.
scene_heading: INT. CTF LOBBY - SAME TIME
text: A couple of White Leather Sofas, iPads on security cords sit
text: on a coffee table. Huge CTF photos on the walls. Lady Gaga
dialog: plays in the b.g.
text: Ben, in a suit and tie, takes in his surroundings as he
text: approaches the 21-year-old jeans and tank top wearing
text: Receptionist who’s eating a taco. Behind her, a huge flat
text: screen runs behind-the-scenes footage of a photo shoot.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hi, I’m Ben Whittaker. I received
text: an e-mail about an interview for
dialog: the Senior Intern Program.
dialog: (kind of laughs at the
dialog: idea)
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Hey Ben, how’s it goin’?
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s goin’ good. Real good. Thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Excellent. Take a seat right
text: around the corner and someone from
dialog: Talent Acquisition will come get
dialog: you.
text: Ben thanks her, heads around the corner mumbling, “Talent
text: Acquisition” and sees a dozen older folks waiting for
text: interviews. It looks like a Doctor's waiting room. Ben takes
text: a seat among them.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - UPSTAIRS - SAME TIME
text: A long white table and white chairs. Jules and a group of co-
text: workers stand, crowding around a computer. One of the girls
text: in the group, holds a small dog.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Guys, you have to remember, the
text: home page has to read in a glance.
dialog: (backs 4 feet away)
dialog: Also, none of you are over thirty
dialog: so you need to get back like this
dialog: to see what this looks like if
dialog: you're like over 35.
dialog: (squints)
dialog: Okay, so I can’t see anything, but
dialog: if I could see it, what do you want
dialog: me to read?
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Nine girls one shirt or Check out
dialog: the fit.
text: ROBBY, mid-twenties, jeans, T-shirt.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: Both. But I really want you to see
dialog: the shirt worn by nine different
dialog: body types.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay, then you gotta make me see
dialog: that. Try making the photo grid
dialog: bigger and the type smaller.
speaker_heading: (the Photo grid ENLARGES)
dialog: Oh! Love that one of them’s
dialog: pregnant.
text: ZOE - cute, 30, Asian and pregnant.
speaker_heading: ZOE
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: It would be good if you could put
text: the girl in the red shirt in the
dialog: middle? It’s a great red. It’s
dialog: gonna fly outta here.
speaker_heading: ROBBY
dialog: We really don’t have the time,
dialog: Jules. I needed you to sign off on
dialog: this two hours ago.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know, but can you try?
text: Robby and Zoe exchange a look as a Tech kid works quickly.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Mia, tell me that thing again.
text: MIA, striped Tee, bold glasses, typing on her laptop.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Forty-six percent of our visitors
dialog: don’t go past the home page.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Man, we have to fix that. How long
dialog: do we have them for before they
dialog: leave?
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Seven to nine seconds.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (totally focused on that
dialog: remark manages to say)
dialog: Did we order lunch?
speaker_heading: ZOE
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Becky!
text: The Techie spins his laptop around, shows the new Home Page
dialog: to Jules.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I love it.
speaker_heading: TECHIE
dialog: (hits a few keys)
dialog: And it’s up.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Thank you!
text: (turns to another group at
dialog: the table)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Okay, the Antoinette dress. Major
dialog: screw up by the vendor.
scene_heading: DOWNSTAIRS -- A TINY 22 YEAR OLD - KEIRA
text: In a short sundress, Converse, purple braided hair, walks Ben
text: into her SMALL OFFICE.
speaker_heading: KEIRA
dialog: There’s going to be a couple of
dialog: interviews today, Ben. We want to
dialog: make sure both of us find the right
dialog: fit. Business as usual is not
dialog: really our motto so hope you have
dialog: some fun here.
text: Ben nods, takes a seat in a hot pink chair across from Keira
text: who sits cross-legged on a sofa.
speaker_heading: KEIRA (cont'd)
dialog: This is the first time we’re hiring
dialog: Senior interns. Our Team Manager
dialog: thought it would be an important
dialog: interface with the community so our
dialog: Intern questions might not exactly
dialog: fit your profile, but, we’re gonna
dialog: go for it anyway, okay?
speaker_heading: BEN
text: Fire away.
speaker_heading: KEIRA
dialog: Okay. Good. Where’d you go to
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I went to Northwestern.
speaker_heading: KEIRA
dialog: Hey, my brother went to
dialog: Northwestern!
speaker_heading: BEN
text: Probably not at the same time.
speaker_heading: KEIRA
dialog: Probably not. He graduated in 2009.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Class of ‘65.
speaker_heading: KEIRA
dialog: Whoa. What was your major? Do you
dialog: remember?
scene_heading: BEN BEING INTERVIEWED
dialog: 13.
text: By a more Senior Exec. SAMANTHA is 25.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: And after Northwestern you went on
dialog: to..?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I went to work for Dex One. Became
dialog: the Vice President of print
dialog: publishing.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Okay, and they made..?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Phone books.
dialog: (Samantha goes a bit
dialog: blank)
dialog: I was in charge of overseeing the
dialog: printing of the physical phone
dialog: book. I did that for the last 20
dialog: years and before that, I was their
dialog: VP of Sales and Advertising.
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Of the phone book thing?
dialog: (Ben nods)
dialog: So do they still make phone books?
dialog: I mean, doesn’t everyone just
dialog: Google numbers?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- I believe they do. But before
dialog: google, it was how you...
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: No, yeah, I get it.
scene_heading: INTERVIEWER #3 - JUSTIN
text: Sweet faced, wishes he could grow a beard, reads from an
dialog: iPad.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: -- So, 40 years at the phone book
dialog: company. That’s amazing.
dialog: Seriously. So, Benjamin, this is
dialog: one of our more telling questions
dialog: for all of our Interns, so I want
dialog: you to think about this one. Take
dialog: your time -- Where do you see
dialog: yourself in 10 years?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (amused)
dialog: When I’m 80?
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Sure. Whatever.
dialog: (checks application in
dialog: front of him)
dialog: Wow. Did not realize you were 70.
dialog: That’s just not a good question for
dialog: you. Should we just scratch that
dialog: one and not--?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Your call, Justin.
speaker_heading: JUSTIN
dialog: Thanks. Okay. It’s gone.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You look great by the way. And
dialog: you're clearly more than qualified
dialog: for the job. You're super over
dialog: qualified. What can I say -- great
dialog: video, great interviews -- Ben,
dialog: you're in it to win it! You got it,
dialog: man. Congrats. You’re an intern.
scene_heading: INT. JULES'S CUBICLE - LATER THAT DAY
text: Jules is behind her desk, talking to Eli from the Tech Team.
text: Several other tech guys stand behind him, all looking weary.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: So you're saying by speeding up
dialog: check out....
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: -- eighty percent of the addresses
dialog: in the last 24 hours got screwed
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, God...
dialog: (Zoe passes by)
dialog: Zoe, how's that red shirt doing?
speaker_heading: ZOE
dialog: Sold out. We just ordered two
dialog: hundred more.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: See if you can cancel that. Just
dialog: say “Sold Out”.
dialog: (Zoe looks confused)
dialog: It’s more exciting.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Jules, the Photo Studio really
dialog: really needs you.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (rising, then to Eli)
dialog: Two really’s. I gotta go.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Jules, we need to deal with this.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know. Okay, just go back to the
dialog: way it was but then can you do a
dialog: deep dive on this? We have to
dialog: eliminate a button. Think One Click
dialog: at Amazon. We need our version of
dialog: that. Gotta make it faster.
text: CANDICE COOK, the Number Two person at CTF joins Jules.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: I need you for two minutes --
text: uninterrupted.
text: Candice is the Ying to Jules's Yang. She came to CTF via
dialog: eBay and to eBay via Harvard. Candice is the accessible,
text: straight-forward, go-to-person for everyone at the company.
text: Jules, washing her hands with Purell, joins Candice. Candice
text: opens her palm and Jules squirts some Purell in as they zig
text: zag around desks.
speaker_heading: CANDICE (cont'd)
dialog: Remember when we talked a few weeks
dialog: ago about the Senior Intern
dialog: Program?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (reading her phone)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Seriously? We had a big
dialog: conversation about it.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: We did? Remind me. Seniors in high
dialog: school or in college?
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Seniors in life. Older people.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Hold on. What?
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: I told you I felt we needed to do
dialog: an outreach program. You seemed to
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CANDICE (cont'd)
dialog: be liking the idea so I put it in
dialog: motion. It’s gonna be great.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Hold please. You’re hiring Senior
dialog: Citizen interns? What does that
dialog: even mean?
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: There’s been a ton of research on
dialog: this. The results are, without
dialog: fail, fantastic. Imagine an intern
dialog: with a lifetime of experience as
dialog: opposed to someone who has spent
dialog: the last four years of their life
text: playing beer pong.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Do they eventually want jobs here?
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: No, they're all retired. They just
dialog: want the experience. And I want one
dialog: to work directly with you.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Candice, c’mon. First of all, I’m
dialog: not great with older people... you
dialog: know how I am with my parents. Why
dialog: do I have to have one?
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Because you have to set the tone.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Isn't that your job?
dialog: It’s my job to make it your job.
dialog: You’re the founder, everyone looks
dialog: to you. Now, would you prefer a man
dialog: or a woman? There’s a great 70
dialog: year old woman.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: That’s like the same age as my
dialog: mother. That’s too weird.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Fine. There’s a man everyone loves.
dialog: I saw his video. He seems amazing.
text: They arrive at the PHOTO STUDIO where all the photos for the
text: site are taken. Models, racks of clothes, hair dressers and
text: make-up artists swarm about. As Jules joins the commotion...
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: This is not going to work in my
dialog: opinion, but how long do I have to
dialog: do it for? Minimum.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: (taking off)
dialog: Six weeks or we’ll be sued.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know we never talked about this.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Yeah, we did. He starts tomorrow!
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: Ben, excited for his first day of work, sits in his pj’s, on
text: the side of his bed, setting his alarm. He then sets a back
text: up alarm on another clock, placing the two clocks next to one
dialog: another.
text: Ben crosses to his dresser and reviews his wardrobe selection
text: for tomorrow. Hanging on the knobs of the dresser are his
text: suit, shirt, tie. Ben opens a new shoe box, digs through the
text: tissue, checks to make sure they are both the same size.
text: Satisfied, he heads for bed...
speaker_heading: BEN
text: Back in action. Thank God.
scene_heading: INT CTF OFFICES - THE NEXT MORNING - JAY Z PLAYS OVER
text: VARIOUS ANGLES: Rows of Young Employees at their computers,
text: wearing headsets. Huge flat screens flash images of models.
text: Young faces - everywhere. We’re seeing all these details
text: THROUGH BEN’S EYES as he TAKES A TOUR of the OFFICES.
text: JASON, tall, off-beat-cute, mid-twenties leads FOUR NEW
text: INTERNS through the massive space.
dialog: The New Interns are: Ben, DORIS, early 70's, 4'11”, VICTOR,
text: Black, professorial-looking and a new Young Intern -- DAVIS,
text: in his twenties and thrilled to be here.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: -- So, Interns, all of CTF, is on
dialog: this one floor and that’s because
dialog: we're all about communication and
text: teamwork. Everyone works in cubes.
dialog: No one has an office, not even our
dialog: founder and CEO, Jules Ostin. Who
text: is actually right over there.
dialog: 18.
text: Jason points across the office to Jules sitting stationary on
text: her bike, talking on her iPhone.
speaker_heading: JASON (cont'd)
dialog: She loves to ride her bike through
dialog: the office. That woman does not
dialog: like to waste time plus she counts
dialog: it as exercise.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: That’s adorable.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (biting his tongue)
dialog: Yes it is.
text: Ben looks over at Jules just as she notices the Senior
text: Interns and just as quickly turns away from them.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: How ya doin’?
dialog: (extends his hand)
dialog: I’m Davis.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (shakes his hand)
text: Hey Davis. Ben Whittaker. Exciting
dialog: place, huh?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Oh my God, they had one opening for
dialog: a regular age intern -- no offense,
dialog: and I got it. I’m so psyched.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I’m pretty psyched myself.
text: Some of the Young Employees pass by, checking out our group.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: New interns.
dialog: (the Kids laugh)
dialog: Hey, gray is the new green.
dialog: (walking backwards)
dialog: A few words about Jules. No, wait,
dialog: I’1ll let her talk for herself.
text: Jason POINTS A REMOTE at A FLAT SCREEN. A VIDEO begins
text: featuring Jules in the CTF offices.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I’m Jules Ostin and I started
dialog: clothesthatfit in 2011 after I
dialog: worked for another on-line shopping
dialog: site and couldn’t help but notice
dialog: that almost 50% of all dresses and
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: The words
dialog: languages
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: pants were returned with one common
dialog: comment. It didn’t fit! I read the
dialog: words “It didn't fit” in at least
dialog: 15 different languages.
dialog: “It didn't fit" pop on the screen in 15 different
dialog: -- all handwritten.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: It’s pretty impossible to know from
dialog: a photo if something’s right for
dialog: you, especially when the models are
dialog: all 5’10 and 100 pounds...
text: (A Photo of a tall, slinky
text: model pops up with an X
dialog: over her)
dialog: So I started CTF to let women know
dialog: how something’s really going to fit
dialog: before you buy it. Buying clothes
dialog: on-line should be about more than
dialog: making the return easy -- it should
dialog: be all about being thrilled with
dialog: your purchase.
text: A PHOTO of JULES SITTING AT HER KITCHEN TABLE in front of her
text: laptop, surrounded by racks of clothes.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: I started CTF in my kitchen
dialog: eighteen months ago. It was just
dialog: me, a model and a photographer, we
dialog: were all women and we tried on
dialog: everything we sold.
dialog: (QUICK PHOTOS of all 3
dialog: trying on clothes, then
dialog: sitting at computers)
dialog: Then we described the fit to save
dialog: you the hassle.
text: We see WHAT THEY'VE TYPED: “Got boobs? This dress is for
dialog: you!” “Snug fit but super-cool!” “This dress fits everyone!
dialog: We all just bought one!”
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: We called it human curation, then
dialog: we mixed that with technology
dialog: and four months later we were
dialog: launched and now we have 250 people
dialog: working with us here in Brooklyn
dialog: and we’re still growing!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Wow...
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (clicks off the video)
dialog: Okay, a quick who’s who around
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: So, Ben, you gonna wear a suit
dialog: everyday?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You bet.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Like that confidence. Plus you got
dialog: the gangsta thing goin’. Very cool.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (continuing the tour)
dialog: -- These 3 rows are our Marketing
dialog: Team, they do everything from on-
dialog: line marketing to Google search
text: engine optimizaton, followed by
dialog: Creative - they work on how the
dialog: site looks and feels then our
dialog: Merchandisers, Copy and Copy
dialog: Editing...
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: (to Victor)
dialog: -- So far, I’ve understood nothing.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: And these four rows are our
dialog: resident rock stars --
dialog: (rows of exhausted Geeks)
dialog: Our Tech Team. They keep us up and
dialog: running 24/7 ‘cause those are our
dialog: store hours. And this corner of
dialog: prime real estate is the
dialog: illustrious Intern Team. Guys, meet
dialog: the new Interns.
text: Six or so scruffy, overworked, very young Interns in dopey T-
text: shirts stop what they’re doing and look at the new, well
text: dressed Interns. Neither gets the group they’re about to
text: become part of. Ben shakes hands with the Intern closest to
text: him and that begins everyone shaking hands.
speaker_heading: JASON (cont'd)
dialog: Okay, very nice. Last thing. Our
dialog: perks. We have a free lunch every
text: day, an in-house massage therapist
dialog: and a world class gym one floor
text: below. New interns, grab a desk,
dialog: check your e-mail, you may find
dialog: you've been assigned to one
dialog: particular person or one team or
dialog: you may just be a floater. It’s
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: JASON (cont'd)
dialog: all good. And remember, with great
dialog: power, comes great responsibility
dialog: and that’s why we love being
dialog: interns.
text: Davis sits at a desk, takes out his iPhone, an iPad mini, a
text: flash drive, opens up his computer
text: Ben finds an empty desk, sits at it and although the
text: atmosphere is foreign, he takes enormous pleasure in once
text: again, sitting behind a desk. Ben opens his well worn
text: briefcase, takes out a new Pen and Pencil set, a small
text: leather-bound pad, a flip phone, a travel clock.
text: LEWIS, a scrawny sleepy-looking Intern with big hair, sits
text: across from Ben -- watching him.
text: Ben takes out his lucky Pocket Calculator, then an Eyeglass
text: Case, then another eyeglass case. He slips on his bifocals,
text: raises his neck and looks down at the CTF Screen Saver.
text: Ben stares at the keyboard, not sure what to do when he
text: becomes aware he’s being watched. He looks over, sees Lewis
text: eyeing him. Lewis decides to help him out by showing him to
text: hit the space bar on his key board.
text: BEN follows, hits his space bar. The computer turns on and a
text: lot of icons pop up that don’t look familiar. Lewis helps
text: out again by moving his mouse to the Mail Icon, Clicks. Ben
text: catches on and does the same.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh. Got one.
scene_heading: AN E-MAIL - FROM CANDICE COOK - SUBJECT: WELCOME BEN!
dialog: Congratulations. You're internship will be directly with our
dialog: Founder, Jules Ostin. Becky Scott will contact you with a
dialog: time to meet Jules. Look forward to meeting you!
text: Just as Ben computes this he HEARS:
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: I’m in the Photo Studio!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Business Analytics. Perfect.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Floater. Love!!!
text: All eyes turn to Ben.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Looks like I’m a personal intern.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Nice. To...?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jules... Ostin.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: (shakes his head, then to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Unfortunate.
text: Jason crosses to Ben, leans over, hugs him, goes back to his
dialog: desk.
text: PING. Ben gets another email.
dialog: Hi Ben. I have secured an appointment for you to meet Jules
dialog: Ostin today at 3:55 pm. Please be prompt as Jules has
dialog: another meeting at 4 pm. Thanks! Becky Scott.
text: BEN reacts to that. A five minute meeting. Wow.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Goin’ to Merchandising.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Beautiful.
text: Davis offers Ben his fist. Ben pounds it. Awkwardly. Ben
text: notices a Young Woman has come to get Doris. Ben glances
text: around the office, no one is idle. He spots Jules in her
text: Conference Room talking to a large group.
text: Ben's eyes go to his CLOCK. It’s 10:02. It’s a long time
text: ‘til 3:55. As CAMERA PULLS UP AND AWAY, we see everyone on
text: the floor is busy while Ben waits patiently to meet the Boss.
scene_heading: CLOSE - BECKY - 3:54 P.M.
text: Becky’s desk is overloaded with work, her half eaten lunch
text: still sits on her desk.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (frazzled, into headset)
dialog: - I’ll try to have her there at
dialog: five. Oh, wait, I booked her with a
dialog: Vendor at 4:45. Let me work on
dialog: this.
text: (takes an Advil, chokes on
dialog: it)
dialog: Call you back.
dialog: (looks up to Ben)
dialog: Yes? Hello.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hi. I’m Ben.
dialog: (doesn’t ring a bell)
dialog: Whittaker. I have a 3:55
dialog: appointment with Miss Ostin.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (scans computer)
dialog: 3:55? I thought she was meeting
text: with her new intern.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That’s me.
dialog: (Becky turns to him)
dialog: How ya doin’?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I’m sorry, but how are you an
dialog: intern?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s a Senior Intern Program. Just
dialog: started today.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Oh my God. How’s that going to
dialog: work?
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Seventy. You?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Twenty four. I know I look older.
dialog: It’s the job. It ages you, which
dialog: won't be great in your case. Sorry.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I actually thought you looked
dialog: younger.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah, right.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Any tips before I go in?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: -- Just talk fast, she hates slow
dialog: talkers. Or maybe that’s just when
dialog: I talk slow. Just don’t dawdle, in
dialog: any way. Keep it moving and don’t
dialog: forget to blink.
dialog: (Ben reacts. Blink?)
dialog: She hates when people don’t blink.
dialog: It weirds her out. It’s 3:57, this
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: BECKY (cont'd)
dialog: meeting she’s in just ate up 2 of
dialog: your five--
text: The Conference Room DOOR OPENS and Ben watches a group exit.
speaker_heading: BECKY (cont'd)
dialog: You're up! Go!
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Jules is typing on her laptop, her hair thrown up in a pony
text: tail. Ben arrives in the doorway, waits for her to
text: acknowledge him. She doesn’t.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hi Jules... I’m Ben.
dialog: (Jules looks up)
dialog: Your new “intern”.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I’m glad you also see the humor in
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Be hard not to.
speaker_heading: (BLINKS ! )
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: So, Ben I was going to say what's a
dialog: nice guy like you doing in a place
dialog: like this but Candice gave me the
dialog: drill so can I just be honest with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I’m not going to have a lot for you
dialog: to do.
dialog: (Ben’s surprised)
dialog: That’s the truth. And, you being
dialog: assigned to me is kind of just for
dialog: me to, you know, set an example for
dialog: the rest of the team. If you ask
dialog: me, I think you’d probably be much
dialog: better off working in creative or
dialog: marketing. It’s a little slower
dialog: pace. Maybe a little easier to
dialog: grasp. If you requested a transfer,
dialog: we could make that happen. Okay?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: If that’s what you prefer.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You'll be happier, believe me. I’m
dialog: not so fun to work for.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That’s what I gather.
dialog: (Jules looks up)
dialog: But I can get along with anybody
dialog: and I’m here to learn about your
dialog: world, be of help where I can so...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- You're saying you don’t want to
dialog: be transferred?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Not really, Sir.
dialog: (mortified)
dialog: Excuse me. Terribly sorry.
dialog: (big blink)
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (kind of laughs)
dialog: It’s not like that’s the first time
dialog: that’s happened. Okay then. Well,
dialog: looks like you’re stuck with me.
dialog: (returns to her laptop)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Great. I’m excited.
text: His smile and enthusiasm throws Jules.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I’1l1 e-mail you when I have
dialog: something for you to do.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Or I could just stop by a few times
dialog: a day, check in.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I‘ll e-mail you. And don’t think
dialog: you need to dress up, we’re super
dialog: informal here.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I’m comfortable in a suit, so if
dialog: it’s okay.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No, sure, it’s fine. Old school.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Exactly. At least I’1ll stand out.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I don’t think you'll need a suit to
dialog: do that.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: True. Well, I think we did it in
dialog: under two minutes. I’1l wait to
dialog: hear from you.
dialog: (crosses to the door)
dialog: Would you like the door open or
dialog: closed?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Doesn’t matter.
text: Ben exits, CLOSING the door behind him.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Open. Actually.
text: Ben opens it back up, slips a last look at Jules.
speaker_heading: JULES (CONT'D) (cont’d)
dialog: You'll get used to me.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Look forward to it.
scene_heading: INT. BEN'’S BATHROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: Ben, in his pj’s, stands in front of the mirror and dumps out
text: all the pills in the “Monday” compartment of his 7 Day Pill
text: Organizer. He catches his reflection and practices blinking.
scene_heading: INT. CTF OFFICES - THE NEXT MORNING
text: Ben sits at his desk, reading The Times. Everyone around him
dialog: is crazy-busy. The tech-talk is so intense, Ben literally
text: can’t understand a word of it. Jason passes, speed typing on
text: his phone.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Ben! You good?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (gives OK sign)
dialog: Perf.
text: Jason laughs. Ben checks his e-mail. Doesn’t have any.
dialog: 27.
text: A ROW OF VENDING MACHINES
text: Ben is trying to figure out where to put his money in the eco-
text: friendly interactive vending machine. A Young Guy comes
text: along, taps on the panel, takes out an apple.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: It’s free.
text: Ben tries touching the screen. Nothing happens. Tries again.
scene_heading: IN THE AFTERNOON
text: Ben is at his computer, getting familiar with the CTF site.
text: He looks over his bifocals and sees the ELEVATOR DOORS
text: CLOSING with Jules inside. He rolls his chair back, looks
text: out the window and sees A DRIVER standing next to an SUV,
text: stomp out a cigarette. Jules EXITS THE BUILDING and heads
text: toward the car.
speaker_heading: SEVEN P.M.
text: The office is emptying for the night. Davis, slips on his
text: jacket, heading out.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: You're staying?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (indicates Jules at her
dialog: desk)
dialog: Can’t leave before the boss leaves,
dialog: Davis.
text: Davis gives Ben a gangsta handshake that Ben stumbles
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: We'll work on that.
text: Ben clicks on his e-mail one last time. Still nothing.
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - THE NEXT A.M.
text: Ben’s TWO ALARM CLOCKS go off within a second of one another.
text: We find Ben sitting in a chair, fully dressed, ready to go.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Let's make it happen!
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES - THE NEXT MORNING
text: Kiko, the one Young Female Intern, PULLS A HUGE DOLLY stacked
text: with reams of printer paper down a row of cubicles. She’s
text: delivering the paper to each desk. Guys in the office scoot
dialog: 28.
text: past her as she lugs the dolly forward, Ben arrives to help,
text: pushing the dolly for her.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: I‘1l push, you deliver.
speaker_heading: KIKO
dialog: Thank you!!!
scene_heading: JULES - ON THE PHONE AT HER DESK
text: notices Ben pushing the dolly as he and Kiko quickly deliver
text: the paper. She also notices Ben is getting smiles and thanks
text: from many of the Young Women he passes.
scene_heading: LATER - AT DAVIS’ DESK
text: Ben and Davis look at data on Davis’s screen.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay, so they want to know what
dialog: customers bought who didn’t come
dialog: back - so they can spot the
dialog: problem, if there is one, right?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Yeah, but I don’t get how to...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Alright, here’s how I think we
dialog: should do this.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (joining them)
dialog: -- Okay, Ben, here she comes, watch
dialog: how she won't...
dialog: (Becky heads in their
dialog: direction)
dialog: -- Hey, Beck, what’s up? You look
dialog: really nice tod--
text: Becky walks right past, ignoring him. Jason turns to Ben.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D) (cont’d)
dialog: How long can a woman be mad at you
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Kind of depends on what you did.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: First of all, nothing on purpose.
dialog: We were going out for a minute, she
dialog: was cool...I really liked her...
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: -- then I... like sort of had sex
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: JASON (cont'd)
text: with her roommate.
dialog: (Ben winces)
dialog: I had no idea she was her roommate.
dialog: Met her out. How would I know?
text: Ben notices A STRIKING WOMAN, late fifties or sixty, crossing
text: through the office. She has a natural look, soft clothes,
text: soft hair, and a warm comfortable confidence.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D) (cont’d)
dialog: Ben, you have a lot of experience,
dialog: how long will she be mad at me for?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Jay, I have zero experience and I
dialog: can tell you there’s no coming back
dialog: from this one.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I assume you’ve talked to her,
dialog: apologized, told her what she means
dialog: to you.
dialog: (Jason stalls...)
dialog: You didn’t talk to her? What did
dialog: you do? Send her a tweet?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No. Of course not. I texted her,
dialog: like a billion times, she didn’t
dialog: answer, then I e-mailed her, but
dialog: you know, like a nice e-mail, a
dialog: long one.
text: (Ben looks at Jason over
dialog: his bifocals. That’s all
dialog: it takes)
dialog: I should probably just actually
dialog: speak to her.
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Obviously.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Can’t imagine it would hurt.
text: Jason nervously nods, pats Ben on the back. Ben tries to
text: find the Pretty Woman again, but she’s nowhere to be found.
scene_heading: LATER - JULES AND CANDICE CROSS THROUGH THE OFFICE
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Did yesterday’s numbers come in?
text: Candice looks through a stack of papers she’s holding as
text: Jules washes her hands with Purell. Jules SQUINTS across the
text: room SPOTTING BEN pitching with a Young Copy Writer. She
text: types as he talks.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: My intern sure keeps busy.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Mr. Congeniality. Big hit. Everyone
dialog: loves him.
text: Jules washes her hands again with Purell.
speaker_heading: CANDICE (cont'd)
dialog: You just did that. You're going to
dialog: wash the skin off your hands.
text: Candice hands Jules a print out as Jules pauses at the
text: cubicle that’s been turned into the community junk pile. It
text: so clearly annoys her, and to make things worse, someone
text: drops a case of water on the chair.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay? Seriously?
scene_heading: LATER - BEN TAKES A SEAT IN HIS CUBICLE
text: clicks on his e-mail, leans forward - shocked. He actually
dialog: has one. Subject -- NEED YOU!
speaker_heading: BECKY'S DESK
text: Ben awaits his orders. As always, Becky is on her headset,
text: overwhelmed, juggling a zillion things.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: -- Jules spilled soy sauce on her
dialog: Stella McCartney jacket, can you
dialog: take it to the photo studio, they
dialog: have all kinds of cleaners and
dialog: stuff in there.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sure. Where’s the jacket?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (duh?)
dialog: She's wearing it!
dialog: (Ben hesitates)
dialog: Go in and get it!
dialog: (into headset)
dialog: I’m sorry. You need the proofs back
dialog: by when?
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Candice and Jules are clearly in the middle of something
text: important. Leftover sushi sits between them.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Wow. I did not see this coming. But
dialog: I should have.... They want me to
dialog: bring in a CEO? Why? Because they
dialog: think I’m... what? Too
dialog: inexperienced at running a
dialog: business...
dialog: (Candice almost nods)
dialog: Didn't go to Harvard...?
dialog: (Candice tries not to nod)
dialog: My work habits aren’t by the
dialog: book..? I mean, isn’t that how we
dialog: got here? Really? I need adult
dialog: supervision? Jesus, I’m the oldest
dialog: one in the whole office! How do you
dialog: feel about this? Tell me the truth.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: I think it’s worth exploring.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Why? Could we be doing better? We
dialog: hit our five year goal in nine
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Exactly. Jules, we can’t keep up
dialog: with our own success. You know
dialog: that. You’re an hour late to every
dialog: meeting. We have a name for it.
dialog: Jules Standard Time. And I get it,
dialog: there’s just so many hours in the
dialog: day. We’re all playing catch-up.
dialog: Our tech guys are working ‘til two,
dialog: three in the morning. Customer
dialog: Service is swamped. We’re running
dialog: out of inventory. We have shipping
dialog: issues, programming problems. And
dialog: the bigger we get, the more
dialog: complicated it’s gonna get. And
dialog: honestly, your time can be better
dialog: spent than worrying about so much
dialog: minutia. How much time did we
dialog: spend last week setting up the L.A.
dialog: warehouse? And because you were
dialog: doing that, we never met all week
dialog: with engineering...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Isn't this what a start up is?
dialog: (sees Candice is about to
dialog: say something)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: -- What? Say it. What’s everyone
dialog: worried about?
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: That it’s all going so fast, it can
dialog: get away from us. The VC’s think a
dialog: seasoned CEO will take things off
dialog: your plate -- that’s all -- free
dialog: you up to do what you do great. You
dialog: come up with the ideas and let
text: someone else make the trains run on
dialog: time.
dialog: (Jules hates this)
dialog: They’re not only our investors,
dialog: Jules, they’re our partners -- they
dialog: do want what’s best for us. They
dialog: want us to make it.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: But Candice, that new person is
dialog: going to run things their way.
dialog: Technically be my boss. How can I
dialog: do what I do and have to report to
dialog: someone else, run every idea I have
dialog: by this person? Can you see that
dialog: working?
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Gilt Groupe brought in a CEO, how
dialog: are they doing?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know, but, for me this is...
dialog: I mean get me CEO lessons, but
dialog: don’t...
text: (her eyes fill up with
dialog: tears)
speaker_heading: BEN O.S.
dialog: -- Excuse me.
text: Candice and Jules turn to see Ben standing in the doorway.
text: Jules quickly recovers.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I apologize but Becky said you
dialog: needed something taken care of...on
dialog: your jacket...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, right--
text: Keeping her face turned away, Jules takes off her jacket,
text: slides it down the table, then quickly dabs at her eyes. Ben
text: catches the jacket, pretends not to see her tears.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Thanks Ben.
speaker_heading: (Ben nods, EXITS)
dialog: The VC’s made up a list of
dialog: potential CEO’s. Let’s look at the
dialog: list, explore it, then decide. Baby
dialog: steps.
text: Jules struggles with how to respond.
speaker_heading: BECKY’S DESK
text: Ben passes by with Jules's jacket. Becky stops typing.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Something big going on in there?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I couldn't say.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: You were in there a long time.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (touches his left ear)
dialog: I can’t hear a thing.
text: Becky doesn’t believe him. He doesn’t give. She returns to
dialog: her typing.
text: Ben spots Jason nearby mouthing: “Say something about me to
text: her!!!" Ben gestures he should come over himself. Becky
text: looks up. Ben covers. Becky wonders why Ben is still
dialog: hanging around.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: On my way, boss.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES - END OF THE DAY
text: As Ben packs up his briefcase, he notices Jules sitting alone
text: in the Conference Room. She wipes the corner of her eye,
text: turns her back to the room.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Hey Ben. Ben?
dialog: (Ben turns)
dialog: How old’s that briefcase?
text: Ben looks down at his well worn, very loved briefcase.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s a 1973 Dunhill London Two
dialog: Buckle. They don’t make this one
dialog: anymore.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: (eyeing it)
dialog: I’m a little in love with it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s a classic, Lewis. Unbeatable.
text: Ben turns his attention back to Jules and sees her leaving
text: the conference room, wearing her sunglasses. She heads for
text: the elevator, clearly in a funk.
text: Ben takes this in, snaps his briefcase shut.
scene_heading: EXT. CTF - THE FOLLOWING MORNING - ESTABLISHING
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES
text: Jules makes her way through the office, still in her
text: sunglasses, carrying her iPad, holding a Starbucks. As she
text: passes the desk usually piled high with everyone’s crap she
text: stops short. It is now a cleaned up perfectly empty cube.
text: Those around her watch her react.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay, this is thrilling.
text: A few people nearby laugh. Jules takes off her sunglasses.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: I swear I was going stay late and
dialog: do this myself.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Ben came in at 7 this morning and
dialog: did it.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Who?
text: A few others look up. She doesn’t know him?
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Ben. Your intern.
text: Jules cranes her neck to find Ben, doesn’t even know where to
text: look. Candice watches from her desk and hits the P.A.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: (over the P.A.)
dialog: Ben Whittaker!
scene_heading: WIDE - A SEA of CUBICLES
text: BEN’S HEAD RISES OUT OF HIS CUBE, wondering what’s up.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: JULES
text: (spots him - points to the
dialog: clean cubicle)
dialog: Brilliant! Thank you! Best thing
dialog: that’s happened around here all
dialog: week.
text: Ben raises two fingers to his forehead, saluting her from
text: across the room. The entire office applauds.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Ben is on-line at his desk when a LOVELY PAIR OF HANDS begin
text: massaging his shoulders.
speaker_heading: WOMAN O.S.
dialog: This is your gift for a job well
dialog: done.
text: Ben turns, looks up and there she is -- The beautiful Woman
text: he spotted days ago, across the room. She speaks with an
text: English accent and smells like lavender. She rubs his
dialog: shoulders.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I’m Fiona -- the house masseuse.
dialog: This feel okay?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Feels great actually. Thank you.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: You're a bit tight, Ben.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Haven't sat at a desk for a while.
dialog: My body’s not used to it.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: I get it, plus they say “sitting”
dialog: is the new smoking. Let me see what
dialog: I can do.
text: Ben inhales deeply as she massages him. Feels good. Lewis
text: and Davis smile to one another. Ben’s a happy guy.
speaker_heading: FIONA (cont'd)
dialog: I spotted you the other day, in the
dialog: lunch room.
dialog: (Ben can’t believe that)
dialog: Then someone told me you were an
dialog: intern. So clever of you to do
dialog: this.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s a brave new world. Thought I’d
dialog: jump in, see what it’s all about.
speaker_heading: FIONA
text: (pulls up a chair, reaches
dialog: under Ben’s jacket)
dialog: Absolutely. I’m constantly amazed
dialog: at what they do here. Love being
dialog: part of it.
text: As Fiona slides her hands down Ben’s back and toward his bum,
text: Ben’s eyes go wide.
text: Davis and Lewis sit on either side of Ben. Lewis’s eyes
text: widen, then he indicates Ben’s crotch. Davis checks it out.
text: Whoa. Big Ben. He definitely has an erection.
speaker_heading: FIONA (cont'd)
dialog: Feeling better?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (barely able to speak)
dialog: Much.
text: Davis tosses a newspaper on Ben’s lap.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Here you go.
text: Ben nods appreciatively, nervously spreads out the paper.
text: Fiona straightens out Ben’s jacket, a final rub on the
dialog: shoulders.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Great to meet you. Love that
dialog: there’s another oldie but goodie
dialog: here.
dialog: (hands him her card)
dialog: See you again?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Love to.
text: And with a final pat on Ben’s shoulders, she’s off. Ben
text: watches her go, then puts a fist out on either side and both
text: boys pound him.
scene_heading: BEN, DAVIS AND LEWIS WALKING THRU THE OFFICE - LATER
text: The Boys are returning from lunch.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: So, wait, you're saying you shave
dialog: every day of your life -- even on
dialog: Sundays and even if you know you’re
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: LEWIS (cont'd)
dialog: not going to see anyone you know...
dialog: (Ben rolls his eyes)
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (reads his iPhone)
dialog: How is this possible? I’m on
dialog: cheapapartments.com and I literally
dialog: can’t afford a single apartment in
dialog: all of Brooklyn.
dialog: (scans the site)
dialog: My parents gave me two weeks to
dialog: find a place and that is just not
dialog: going to happen.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Getting evicted?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Hey, I’m in no rush but apparently
dialog: they are.
text: Something catches Ben’s attention OUT THE WINDOW. He moves
text: closer, sees JULES'S DRIVER, tucked in an alley, drinking
text: from a paper bag then stashing the bottle in his pocket. He
text: seems to have a slight balance problem when he tries to
dialog: answer his cell.
text: Ben turns, LOOKS FOR JULES - SEES her slipping on her jacket.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING
text: The Driver, MIKE, stands by the SUV, popping a couple of
text: Chiclets in his mouth. Ben approaches, a bit out of breath.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey, how’s it goin’? Mike, right?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I’m Ben, I work for Jules.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (not much eye contact)
dialog: She'll be down in a minute.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I know, look, I don’t want to make
dialog: you uncomfortable but I just
dialog: happened to have looked out the
dialog: window and it appeared you were
dialog: drinking something from a bag, so --
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (heading for the car)
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about Pops.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (sees Jules heading out)
dialog: Why don’t you tell Jules you can’t
dialog: drive her today or I’m gonna have
dialog: to.
text: Jules arrives, sees Mike and Ben.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (to Mike)
dialog: We all good?
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Mike opens the rear passenger door, Jules gets in. As Mike is
text: about to close the door, he looks up, sees Ben has moved
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: MIKE (cont'd)
dialog: -- Jules...
text: (She looks up at him)
dialog: Sorry to do this, but I’m actually
dialog: not feelin’ so hot -- not sure I
dialog: should be driving. Wouldn’t want to
dialog: give you anything.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, sure, yeah. No, take the day
dialog: off and feel better, okay?
text: Mike thanks Jules and EXITS. Jules immediately washes her
text: hands with Purell, checks her watch.
speaker_heading: BEN (0.S.)
dialog: I’m happy to cover for Mike..
speaker_heading: JULES
text: (Jules looks up, sees Ben
text: at the open door, holding
dialog: the car keys)
dialog: That's okay, Becky can drive me.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Really? You want to give her more
dialog: to do?
scene_heading: INT. SUV - MOVING - DAY
text: Ben is now behind the wheel.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (typing on her iPad)
dialog: Hope you don’t mind if I don’t get
text: in the front. Not trying to be
dialog: rude but I think better in the
dialog: back. I mean, I could get in the
dialog: front but...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (stopping her)
dialog: -- This is perfect.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (reading her iPad)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: (cell RINGS)
dialog: And everything you hear in the car
dialog: is strictly confidential, okay?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Goes without sayin’.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (answers cell)
dialog: Hi Mom...
text: She places the call on SPEAKERPHONE while typing on her iPad.
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM (0.S.)
dialog: I found you!
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah... What’s up? How’s
dialog: everything?
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: Everything's comin’ along. Your Dad
dialog: and I are finally putting together
dialog: all our research at the hospital.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (typing)
dialog: That great...
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: I hear you typing...
dialog: (Jules types more softly)
dialog: We've been studying women under 40
dialog: who sleep less than six hours a
dialog: night...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (suddenly interested)
dialog: And? What’d you find out?
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: Seems they’re approximately 38%
dialog: more likely to experience major
dialog: weight gain and 11% more likely to
dialog: become obese compared with women
dialog: who slept 7 hours a night.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (looks down at herself)
dialog: Are you kidding me! You know I
dialog: haven't slept in two years.
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: I can’t change the facts, dear.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (typing) a
dialog: Look, Mom, I’m rushing into the
dialog: city for a meeting and I need to
dialog: prepare. Can I call you when I get
dialog: home?
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: You don’t have to.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay. Love you.
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: Thank you.
text: Ben can’t help but react to that. Jules looks into the rear
text: view mirror. Ben’s eyes are steady on the road.
text: PING. Jules clicks on Face Time on her iPad. It’s Candice.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: How we doing? Did you look over
dialog: the material on Sheekey?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I did... CMO Travelocity,
dialog: Citigroup... I get it. He’s major.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: He is. And the best thing about him
dialog: is he’s been watching us and he
dialog: loves what we’re doing. But he’s
text: only one of the names on the list,
dialog: so if you don’t like him, we move
dialog: on. But try to be open. He’s
dialog: supposed to be kind of brilliant
dialog: and the VC’s love him. A lot.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Acchhh. Mark Zuckerberg never
dialog: brought in a CEO. And he was a
dialog: teenager.
text: Ben agrees. Tries not to nod. Jules notices.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: Call me after!
scene_heading: BEN OPENS JULES'S CAR DOOR
text: We’re on PARK AVENUE. Jules steps out of the car.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: This shouldn’t take more than an
dialog: hour, if you can’t stay here, I’‘1l
dialog: call Becky and she’1l find you,
dialog: then just pull up and--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: --I'll be here.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (almost to herself)
dialog: I think I forgot to eat today.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Should I pick you up some sushi?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No, I eat too much mercury. I’1l be
dialog: fine. I’m good. I’m also kinda
dialog: nauseous, SO...
text: Jules's eyes go up to the skyscraper in front of her, then
text: looks to Ben, a bit self-conscious. Ben gives her a “go get
text: ‘em” kind of fist-move. She acknowledges it, nods.
scene_heading: INT. PLUSH OFFICE SUITE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jules follows an Assistant down a long corridor. She’s
text: nervous, her palm hitting the side of her leg, heart
text: pounding. The Assistant shows her into a large office where
text: ERIC SHEEKEY stands with his back to the door. He hangs up
text: from a call and turns in Jules’s direction.
text: Jules catches Eric’s ready smile and dimples he’s a bit too
text: proud of. They shake hands but all Jules sees is:
text: ERIC’S HAIR. He uses a product that gives him a wet look. One
text: strand strategically falls on his forehead.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Jules!
text: Because of Jules’s state of mind, she catches only PIECES of
text: what Eric says. JUMP CUTS tell the story.
speaker_heading: ERIC (cont'd)
dialog: Congratulations. You are a great
dialog: merchant and a passionate
dialog: visionary.
dialog: (Jules forces a smile)
dialog: But let’s look at where you are
dialog: from 30,000 feet, shall we?
dialog: (Jules is finding it hard
dialog: to swallow)
dialog: You’ve had your arms wrapped around
dialog: the business really well -- until
dialog: the last two quarters. But what
dialog: everyone wants is a long term
dialog: sustainable business and at this
dialog: point, we still need hyper-growth.
dialog: So what’s the plan to make that
dialog: happen for CTF?
text: Jules starts to answer but a cough comes out instead. Eric
text: pours water from a sleek water pitcher and holds the pitcher
text: up a little too high, the water flowing in slow mo, right
text: into the glass.
dialog: We both know 90% of all tech
dialog: companies fail so you're going to
dialog: need me, or someone like me to get
dialog: you over this hump. We also know
dialog: mobile is the future... you need a
dialog: plan for that and you needed it six
dialog: months ago.
text: (hands Jules the glass of
dialog: water)
dialog: -- You have relentless
dialog: perseverance, Jules, I'll give you
dialog: that, but that’s not enough to get
dialog: you where you need to be. My role
dialog: will be to keep my head out of the
dialog: cyclone, provide insight, direction
dialog: and stability. I’ve been right here
dialog: before.
dialog: (Jules shifts her
dialog: position)
dialog: Now I have some great people I'd
dialog: like to bring over with me -- very
dialog: smart, very pedigree’d. Different
dialog: level.
text: (Jules wipes her upper lip
dialog: - different level???)
dialog: I guarantee you by next quarter we
dialog: will do far more than make the
text: trains at CTF run on time.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 43.
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: (Jules drinks the water)
dialog: I’ve watched what you’re doing
dialog: Jules and it’s exciting. Your
dialog: obsessive focus on the customer
dialog: serves you well, I see it in all
dialog: the data, but the money’s never
dialog: there until it’s there. So, take
dialog: the next step, strengthen your
dialog: infrastructure and make some
dialog: changes -- and next year at this
dialog: time, you'll be killing it and
dialog: right where you should be --
dialog: hangin’ with the big boys. That’s a
dialog: promise.
text: As Eric ends his speech his eyes land on Jules's thigh -- her
text: skirt has hiked up a little too far. Jules catches his look.
text: He doesn’t have the decency to look away.
scene_heading: JULES - WALKING QUICKLY - EXT. BUILDING PLAZA
text: CAMERA rushes to keep up with her. She stops at the curb,
text: her eyes searching when the SUV pulls right up to her.
speaker_heading: SLAM
text: Jules, safe in the backseat of the car, catches her breath.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That was fast.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Not fast enough.
text: Jules Purells her hands, notices a brown bag next to her
text: seat. Opens it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I picked you up some soup from a
dialog: place I know.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Thanks, really, you didn’t...
dialog: (opens the bag)
dialog: -- Oh, it smells so good.
text: Jules opens the container, dips in the spoon, has some.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Highlight of my day.
text: Jules phone RINGS. She hits speaker.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Word travels fast.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CANDICE (0.S.)
dialog: Pretty short meeting.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah. I hated him.
text: Ben reacts.
dialog: Ben tries
speaker_heading: CANDICE (0.S.)
dialog: Really? I heard he’s so wonderful.
speaker_heading: JULES
text: He is -- in a loathsome sort of
dialog: way.
dialog: not to smile.
speaker_heading: CANDICE (0.S.)
dialog: What went wrong?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I thought he was a condescending
dialog: sexist know-it-all who did not seem
dialog: to get what we do, at all, and
dialog: honestly, I think he’d run our
text: company in a completely inorganic
dialog: way that would lose us all the
dialog: customers we've killed ourselves to
dialog: get. And I also think he’d replace
dialog: us as soon as he could. Swear to
dialog: God. And worst of all -- never
text: blinked. An Olympian non-blinker.
speaker_heading: CANDICE (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, then.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (eats her soup, Candice
dialog: waits)
dialog: Did you hear my idea about putting
dialog: bows on the boxes, based on that
dialog: gift thing that customer said. That
dialog: would be good, right?
speaker_heading: CANDICE (0.S.)
dialog: We have a dozen ribbons on your
dialog: desk to pick from.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Thanks...
dialog: (Jules softens)
dialog: See you in the a.m.?
speaker_heading: CANDICE (0.S.)
dialog: Be there or be square.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: CANDICE (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t be.
text: Ben nods to himself. He looks in the rear view mirror. Jules
text: leans back, closing her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK SLOPE - SUNSET
text: The SUV pulls up in front of a beautiful but aging townhouse.
text: This 19th Century facade is lean and white with a tall black
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (as she gets out)
dialog: Thanks for helping out with Mike
dialog: today and getting me chicken soup --
dialog: Oh, and cleaning up that
dialog: cubicle...that was awesome.
dialog: Seriously.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You’re very welcome.
text: Ben starts to say something, decides not to. Jules moves to
text: the passenger window, peers in.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- It’s okay. I really won’t bite.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You started this business a year
dialog: and a half ago by yourself and now
dialog: you have a staff of 250 people.
dialog: Remember who did that.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Who? I’m kidding. Thank you.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: And I hate to say it but -- try to
dialog: get some sleep.
text: Jules smiles in a very tired kind of way. Ben watches as
text: Jules climbs the stairs to her front door. The DOOR OPENS
text: and to Ben’s surprise Jules's FAMILY GREETS HER.
text: Newly energized, Jules runs to greet her 4 year old daughter,
text: PAIGE. Paige flies into Jules's arms. Ben watches, a bit
text: struck that Jules is a Mom. He had no idea.
text: Behind Paige is Jules's husband, MATT, in jeans, t-shirt,
text: open flannel shirt. Matt has an adorable smile and an
text: immediate feeling of authenticity about him.
dialog: 46.
text: Jules turns back, waves good night to Ben. Ben waves back.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: (driving off)
text: Over the hump.
scene_heading: INT. JULES'S TOWNHOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The house is partially under construction. Jules carries
dialog: Paige into:
speaker_heading: THE KITCHEN
text: The only room downstairs that’s been finished. Long open
text: shelves, an island, a farm table. Pots and pans are on the
text: stove. Play-doh spread across the island.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Guess what? Maddie said she didn’t
dialog: want to be my friend anymore.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, I don’t think she means that,
dialog: she'd miss you too much.
dialog: (Paige nods, agreeing)
speaker_heading: MATT
text: (hands Jules a glass of
dialog: wine)
dialog: I’m convinced Maddie is bipolar.
dialog: We go through this every other day.
dialog: How was your meeting? It was
dialog: today, right?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (sipping the wine)
dialog: Just had it.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (indicating play-doh)
dialog: Daddy, can we finish?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Let me talk to Mommy for a sec.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Mommy I think I’m winning, look!
text: Matt and Paige are in a Play-Doh Cake Challenge.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Which one is yours, let me guess.
dialog: (Paige smiles at Matt)
dialog: Well, I love the pink one so much --
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: That’s mine! Are you happy at me?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: So happy at you. Beyond happy at
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Daddy helped me with the icing.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Good job guys. So, what’s for
dialog: din, it smells so good.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Turkey burgers. But we ate ours.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Sorry. We were starved.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: We were. But we’ll sit with you,
dialog: don’t worry.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Thank you angel. How ‘bout I give
dialog: you your bath first.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (doing dishes)
dialog: -- Wait. Tell me, I was waiting for
dialog: you to call. Did you like the guy
dialog: or..?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Thought he wasn’t the right fit.
dialog: For me. Kinda scary actually.
dialog: (Matt looks disappointed)
dialog: There’s a lot more names on the
dialog: list, so...
text: Matt nods as Jules ponders why he’d want this.
scene_heading: INT. BEN'S KITCHEN - SAME TIME
text: Ben takes leftovers out of the fridge. A Django Reinhardt CD
text: plays while Anderson Cooper is on mute. Ben is clearly
text: feeling upbeat as he playfully hits his Voice Mail on his
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: MILES (0.S.)
dialog: Ben! Haven’t seen you in days.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That's right, homey, Ben’s got a
dialog: job!
dialog: 48.
text: Next -- Patty, the woman Ben ran into at Trader Joe's.
speaker_heading: PATTY (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, you’re never home! What are y--
dialog: Never mind! Oh. It’s Patty!
speaker_heading: (CLICK)
text: Ben laughs, then digs in his pocket, brings out Fiona’s card.
text: He crosses to the phone, thinks for a sec, then dials,
text: quickly pouring himself a drink and taking a sip -- but she
text: answers too quickly.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (swallows fast, then)
dialog: Fiona, hi. This is Ben Whittaker
dialog: from -- Oh, good to hear your
dialog: voice too...
dialog: (Ben makes a victory fist)
scene_heading: INT. PAIGE’S BEDROOM - LATER THAT EVENING
text: Paige is still awake but under the covers. The light is dim.
text: Next to her, Jules is asleep, with one of Paige’s books open
text: against her chest. Matt steps in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Jules?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Sh-sh... let her sleep, Dad.
text: Matt sees that Jules is out cold then covers his
text: disappointment in front of Paige.
scene_heading: INT. MATT AND JULES'S BEDROOM - 11 PM
text: Jules ENTERS and finds Matt asleep. She feels badly she’s
text: missed their evening -- she clicks off Kimmel, crosses to her
text: side of the bed, gets under the covers. She lifts her lap-
text: top onto her lap, checks her e-mail.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I tried to stay up.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know. I’m sorry I fell asleep in
dialog: there. I passed out.
dialog: (Matt doesn’t answer,
dialog: could be back asleep)
dialog: I know we had a plan to have a
dialog: grown-up conversation tonight.
dialog: (Matt opens one eye)
dialog: Do you understand what’s happening
dialog: in Yemen? I’m kidding... I mean, I
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: don't understand it, but...
dialog: (Matt shuts his eyes)
dialog: Want to Netflix something?
text: Silence. Disappointed, she resumes typing.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Sorry. Fell out for a sec. Paige
dialog: learned to say “humongous” today.
dialog: Cracks me up. But I think I’m ready
dialog: for her to start school full time.
dialog: I hate to sound like the other Moms
dialog: but I’m feeling I need a little
dialog: “me” time.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know...
text: She waits. He doesn’t answer. Seems to be back asleep. He
text: turns on his side, AWAY FROM HER.
text: Jules moves her computer off her lap, sidles up behind Matt,
text: kisses his neck. No response.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Anybody home?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Can't keep my eyes open, Jule.
dialog: We'll do it tomorrow, k?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (moving back to her side)
dialog: How many nights in a row has one of
dialog: us said that?
text: Matt turns to Jules, takes her hand. She looks at him,
dialog: hopefully.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Can you turn out your light?
text: Jules turns out her light. The Screen goes BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S BEDROOM - THE NEXT MORNING - STILL DARK
text: A RINGING PHONE wakes Ben from a dead sleep. On his
dialog: nightstand, we see the book -- Twitter for Dummies.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: BECKY (0.S.)
dialog: Hey Ben, it’s Becky. From Jules'
dialog: office.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: (looks at his clock - it’s
dialog: 5:30)
dialog: Hey, what’s up?
speaker_heading: BECKY (0.S.)
dialog: Jules's driver is MIA. He’s not
dialog: answering any of my texts. I know
dialog: you drove Jules yesterday and I
dialog: didn’t hear any complaints, so can
dialog: you pick her up this morning?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: BECKY (0.S.)
dialog: You know where she lives?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (is she kidding?)
dialog: I was there yesterday.
speaker_heading: BECKY (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, so you remember?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BECKY (0.S.)
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: And you're hearing me, right?
dialog: (Ben rolls his eyes)
dialog: Ben!!!
speaker_heading: BEN
text: Loud and clear, boss.
speaker_heading: BECKY (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, so be there at 7:45, ring the
dialog: bell and walk away. She’1ll know
dialog: it’s you.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Ring bell, walk away. Got it.
scene_heading: BEN’S FINGER ON JULES'S DOOR BELL
text: He rings, waits a sec.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Oh. Walk away.
text: Just as Ben turns to walk away the door OPENS. Ben turns
text: back, Matt is at the door.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hi, you’re here for Jules?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yes, hi. Sorry. I’1l wait in the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: She’s on the phone... want to come
dialog: in? Just made some coffee.
dialog: (Ben hesitates)
dialog: Could be a while.
dialog: (offers his hand)
dialog: I’m Matt.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Ben Whittaker.
speaker_heading: PAGIE (0.S.)
dialog: Daddy!
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Come on in, watch your step.
text: Ben pauses in the ENTRY as he HEARS Jules's Voice upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Paige sits at the island, eating Oatmeal and playing a game
text: on an iPad.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Have a seat, Ben. Paige this is
text: Ben. He works with Mommy.
text: Ben takes a seat on the stool next to Paige. Matt hands Ben
text: a mug of coffee then starts packing Paige’s lunch box.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (to Paige)
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (showing him her iPad)
dialog: I'm playing Princess Memory Game.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Looks like you’re about to win.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (finishes with a touch)
dialog: I did!
text: He gives her a thumbs up.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: PAIGE (cont'd)
dialog: You want to play one time?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Sure.
text: Paige hands the iPad to Ben. He plays as they chat.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You're Jules's new driver?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, actually, I’m her intern.
text: Matt pauses from his sandwich making, tries not to react.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
text: That’s hysterical.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You know what an intern is?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That's okay, everyone thinks it’s
text: hysterical.
text: Paige points out two matching tiarras on the iPad.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: Oh, good one. Thanks.
text: With that, Jules ENTERS dressed for work, carrying a cup of
text: coffee, some clothes for dry cleaning and her heels.
text: She stops a bit short, surprised to see Ben sitting at the
text: island, drinking coffee and playing Princess Memory Game.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: .-. ‘Morning.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (feeling her unease)
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: More coffee, Ben?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, I’m good, thank you, Matt.
text: Ben doesn’t know if he should stay or go. Jules drops her
text: dry cleaning on the counter as she slips on her heels.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: All dry cleaning?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (feeling exposed in front
dialog: of Ben)
dialog: Uh, these three are, these are
dialog: laundry and this button is loose,
dialog: if they could... thanks.
text: To keep busy, Ben continues playing the game which chimes as
text: he goes. Jules looks over -- really? Ben mutes it.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Jules, before you leave, gotta go
text: over a couple of things.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (surprises Paige by
dialog: showing her a headband)
dialog: Found it! It was in your hamper!
dialog: (Paige is thrilled)
dialog: Matty, did a CTF box arrive for me?
speaker_heading: MATT
text: On the table.
dialog: (Jules crosses to it,
dialog: opens it)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I think I’11 just...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Ben...
dialog: (Ben turns to her)
dialog: You want a raisin?
text: She hands him one. He eats it. Jules meanwhile is examining
text: the contents of the CTF box.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Okay, tonight...
text: (Jules takes a photo of
dialog: the contents of the box)
dialog: Are you listening or did I lose
dialog: you? -- Ben, is she listening?
text: Ben doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Totally listening. I ordered some
dialog: stuff to check on how it arrived.
dialog: Not great by the way. Go ahead.
dialog: Ben slips
dialog: Subject:
dialog: realizing
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Okay, tonight you’re working so
dialog: Paige and I are going to my Mom’s
text: for dinner. After school is Ruby’s
dialog: birthday party...
text: a look at his phone, sees an E-mail from Fiona -
text: Looking Fwd 2 Tonite! Ben is disappointed,
dialog: he now has to work this evening.
speaker_heading: MATT (cont'd)
dialog: And what about Monday? Do you know
dialog: yet if we can do dinner with Annie
dialog: and Robby?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I’m so slammed next week...
dialog: (sees Matt is exasperated)
dialog: I’m sorry. If you want to go, I’1l
dialog: be there. When is it?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: See what men have become Ben?
dialog: We’re the new ball and chain.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (laughs to be polite then
dialog: rises)
dialog: Thank you for the coffee.
dialog: (to Paige)
dialog: Thanks for letting me play...
dialog: (to Jules)
dialog: Meet you in the car?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Actually I have to go...
dialog: (lifts Paige)
dialog: C’mon sweetie. Ben, we’re going to
dialog: drop Paige at school, okay?
text: Matt hands Ben Paige’s lunch box.
dialog: INT. SUV
dialog: Paige sit
dialog: to her, o
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (taking it)
dialog: Let’s do it.
scene_heading: - MOVING - DAY
text: s in her car-seat looking at a book. Jules is next
text: n her iPad, answering e-mails.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: Matt seems like a terrific guy.
dialog: (Jules looks up)
dialog: Sorry didn’t mean to interrupt.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (back to her e-mails)
dialog: That’s okay. I agree. He is.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Who? The Dad?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (laughs, then to Ben)
dialog: That’s what the other kids call him
dialog: because he’s the only Dad in a sea
dialog: of Moms.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I’ve read about these house-
dialog: husbands. Interesting, how that
dialog: all worked just now.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: They actually prefer to be called
dialog: Stay-at-Home Dads.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, sorry. Did not know that. Well,
dialog: it’s very admirable. He’s a real
dialog: 21st century father.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yes, he is, which beats my 20th
text: Century father, by a long shot.
dialog: (stops typing)
dialog: Matt had a really good job in
dialog: marketing but when CTF took off, he
dialog: left to be a full-time Dad. Saved
dialog: our butts.
text: Jules and Ben’s eyes meet in the rear view mirror. Ben nods,
dialog: not wanting to go on too much about this.
text: Jules returns to her iPad. Writes an EMAIL TO CANDICE.
speaker_heading: JULES EMAIL
dialog: Cc - Love if you would transfer Ben
dialog: to another team. K?
dialog: (looks outside)
dialog: Oh. We’re here big girl!
scene_heading: EXT. PRE-SCHOOL - FOLLOWING
text: Jules walks Paige toward the other Kids and Moms at the gate.
text: The other Moms notice Jules was “driven” to school, eye each
text: other about that, then turn away. Ben notices their chilly
text: behavior as Jules approaches them.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: MOM #1
dialog: Jules, nice to see you here.
dialog: (Jules doesn’t react to
dialog: her lack of subtlety)
dialog: Not sure if you saw our e-mail, but
dialog: we're doing a Fiesta lunch next
dialog: Friday and we thought you could
dialog: bring the guacamole but you
dialog: probably won’t have time to make
dialog: it, so you can buy it -- which will
dialog: be fine. Enough for 18.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I can make it. Not a problem.
speaker_heading: MOM #2
dialog: Great. Matt can bring it.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (keeping a lid on it)
dialog: Totally...
text: Jules looks to Paige who has missed none of this. She kneels
text: next to her, hands her a little stuffed dog and her lunch.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Have a great day, honey and have
dialog: fun at Ruby’s party, okay?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Mommy do you know how to make
dialog: guacamole? You can tell me the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yes, I do. Really well! We’1ll make
dialog: it together, okay? Followed by a
dialog: mother-daughter dance party...
text: Paige nods with a big smile. A worried-looking little girl
text: in braids watches them standing behind one of the Moms.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: (to the girl)
dialog: Hey Maddie, what’s up?
text: (Maddie ducks behind her
dialog: Mom)
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Bipolar.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: OhmyGod. .
dialog: (hugs Paige.)
dialog: I love you big girl.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: THE CAR DOOR SLAMS
text: Jules hits the backseat hard.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: God! Taking the high road is
dialog: exhausting! It’s 2013, are we
dialog: really still critical of working
dialog: Moms?! Seriously? Still?
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: I'm sorry. That was all rhetorical.
dialog: No need to respond.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Wasn't going to.
text: As Ben pulls into traffic. Jules notices Candice has written
dialog: her back.
speaker_heading: CANDICE’S EMAIL
dialog: Transfer Ben? Really? Why?
speaker_heading: JULES TYPES
dialog: I don’t know. Too observant.
text: Jules rubs her temples then turns her attention to the CTF
text: BOX next to her.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh! Ben, I want to stop at the
text: warehouse. 480 Greenpoint.
text: Ben moves into the LEFT LANE.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: No, no, make a right. 9th to
dialog: Hamilton to the Expressway.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I think we should take 4th to
text: Flatbush. Much faster.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: It won’t be.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: By 12 minutes. At least.
text: (sees her in the rearview)
dialog: Can I try?
scene_heading: EXT. CTF WAREHOUSE - GREENPOINT - DAY
text: The SUV sits in front of a block long warehouse with the
text: letters CTF on the outside.
dialog: 58.
dialog: INT. SUV
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I apologize.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No need.
text: They both open their car doors at the same time.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Endless rows of shelving units. Workers on golf carts. An
text: enormous table in the center where mostly Latina Female
text: Workers fold the clothes, toss them in plastic bags and box
dialog: them.
text: Ben stands near the door, shaking hands with the Foreman,
text: then catches Jules showing the Workers the photo on her
text: iPhone. She then demonstrates what she wants by carefully
text: folding the clothes herself and neatly placing them in bags.
text: She makes a joke and the women around the table laugh. Ben
text: can’t help but be impressed. SAMBA MUSIC BEGINS.
scene_heading: EXT. CTF - A LITTLE LATER - ESTABLISHING - MUSIC CONTINUES
scene_heading: INT. CTF’S MASSAGE ROOM - MUSIC CONTINUES
text: The walls are covered in ethnic fabrics. The room is dimly
text: lit. Fiona lights a candle when there’s a KNOCK on the door.
speaker_heading: FIONA
text: It’s open.
text: The DOOR OPENS, Ben stands tentatively in the hallway.
speaker_heading: FIONA (cont'd)
dialog: Ben! Come on in.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (entering)
dialog: Wow, didn’t expect this.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: I like to think of it as a little
dialog: bit of paradise. Can I interest you
dialog: in a back rub?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, no, no thanks. I came by
dialog: because I just found out I have to
dialog: work late --
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Awww... Then, no dinner tonight?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sorry. I was really looking forward
dialog: to it. Was hoping we could pick
dialog: another night.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Of course. Come sit down.
text: Ben checks his watch, then sits in a comfy chair as Fiona
text: lights another candle then sits on a stool at Ben’s feet.
speaker_heading: FIONA (cont'd)
dialog: What about a foot massage?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (giggles, tries to resist)
dialog: During office hours?
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: That's kinda the point.
dialog: (points to Ben’s feet)
dialog: May I?
text: Ben nods as Fiona slips off his shoes, then gently rolls his
text: socks down and off. Ben slides down a bit in his chair.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s already pretty good.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: All I've done is take off your
dialog: socks.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, well, no one’s ever done that
dialog: better.
dialog: (then, as she begins)
dialog: Whoa!
text: Fiona has placed oil in her hands and has taken Ben’s right
text: foot between her palms and massages it deeply. Ben’s dying.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Try to relax. You can shut your
dialog: eyes if you want.
text: Ben nods, shuts his eyes as the massaging continues, the
text: candles flicker and the Samba slows down. Wow...
speaker_heading: FIONA (cont'd)
dialog: So when would you like to
dialog: reschedule?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Tomorrow?
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Can’t tomorrow. What about
dialog: Saturday?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Good. Oh, God, this is
dialog: enormously....satisfying.
dialog: (opens one eye)
dialog: What time should I pick you up?
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: How’s noon? I love daytime dates.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Lunch. Perfect. It’s sooner.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: (laughs, then)
dialog: So how’s it going? How’s Jules?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Her world’s a fascinating one to
dialog: fall into. Hope I can help her.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Help her?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: She works on all cylinders all the
dialog: time. Doesn’t stop, doesn’t
dialog: sleep...never see her eat. Maybe
dialog: it’s good that I’m here, you
dialog: know...
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: (stops massaging for a
dialog: sec)
dialog: I knew you were gonna be a good
dialog: guy. I knew it!
text: Ben looks at Fiona, smiles. She massages him deeply. Oh boy.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: This can’t be okay to do at work.
text: He rests his head back, closes his eyes. The massaging just
text: gets better and better. Ben almost loses it - big moan.
text: Just then, Davis opens the door, sees candlelight, hears Ben
text: moaning and Fiona hunched over him. Ben and Fiona both turn,
text: looking caught.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Ohmygod! I’m sorry! Oh, jeez. Okay
dialog: don’t stop. I’m leaving!
dialog: 61.
text: He can’t get out the door fast enough.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES - END OF THE DAY
text: Most of the Interns have left for the day. Ben sits at his
text: desk, reviewing an apartment lease for Davis.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I don’t know, kid, this lease
dialog: doesn’t look so hot to me.
dialog: Three months security deposit? You
dialog: must love the place.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: No, it’s horrible but I can get in
dialog: this week.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: If you can keep looking I would.
text: (looks up, notices a
dialog: jittery Lewis)
dialog: What’s up Lewis? I’ve never seen
dialog: you so awake.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I was just asked to deliver this
dialog: huge order to Tribeca and I think
dialog: it’s to Jay Z's apartment. I’m not
dialog: kidding. Look -- it says, S.
dialog: Carter, I’m a little freaked out.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I don’t know who that is but is
dialog: this someone you'd like to impress?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: This is a genius, Ben and he’s got
dialog: the hottest chick in the game --
dialog: Beyonce could potentially answer
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay, I know who she is. Maybe you
dialog: should put on a proper shirt, with
text: a collar.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Why, do I look bad?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Dress to impress Lewis. Go in
text: the closet, find a “boyfriend
dialog: shirt” that fits. And try to bring
text: the hair down.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (joining)
dialog: Benjamin, I made some progress.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Very big day for the intern team.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It was great, she yelled at me but-
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- She yells at me all the time
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hey, it was communication.
text: The guys high five. Lewis re-enters, wearing a girl's
text: “boyfriend shirt” -- shows himself to Ben.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I'm possibly meeting Jay Z and or
dialog: Beyonce and I’m in a blouse.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Wear it dude. It’s an improvement.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (shocked at how good he
dialog: looks )
dialog: Whoa. Big one.
scene_heading: EXT. CTF BUILDING - NIGHT - ESTABLISHING
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES - SAME TIME
text: The place is nearly empty. Jules is working alone in her
text: Conference Room, takes a bite of a slice of pizza. She
text: notices Ben, way across the field of desks, also eating.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BEN
text: Typing slowly at his computer and eating a Subway. He notices
text: Jules approaching, carrying a pizza box and two bottles of
text: beer. He wonders where she’s headed.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (arrives at his desk)
dialog: I hate eating alone.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: So do I.
text: Jules offers Ben a beer, pulls up a chair.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I swiped these from the tech
dialog: fridge.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Nice goin’.
dialog: (toasts her)
dialog: Cheers.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Want a slice?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sure. Thanks.
dialog: (treading lightly)
dialog: I noticed a couple of hours ago you
dialog: had a meeting with another possible
dialog: CEO. Saw him arrive. How’d that go?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Was going well until he called us,
dialog: I believe the term he used was a
dialog: “chick site.” Then I didn’t hear
dialog: anything he said after that.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Nooo.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Apparently selling “clothes” makes
dialog: us a chick site. I mean, really?
dialog: How is this not legit?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Couldn’t agree more. I find that...
dialog: surprising.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Sexism in business? Really?
dialog: (takes a swig of her beer)
dialog: What did you do for work Ben,
dialog: before you retired?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I was a VP for Dex One.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: «+. Phone books?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I was in charge of printing, before
dialog: that ran sales and advertising.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: So big jobs...
dialog: (Ben nods)
dialog: Wait, wasn’t this a factory that
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: made phone books..?
dialog: (Ben smiles...)
dialog: No! What? This is where you worked?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: For almost forty years.
dialog: (Jules can’t believe it)
dialog: For twenty-some years I sat right
dialog: by that window. That was my
text: office. It was up a few steps back
dialog: then. I could look out over the
dialog: whole factory. Our printing
dialog: presses were in that corner. That's
text: why the floor dips back there.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Nooooo....
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I know everything about this
dialog: building. Or used to. You know the
dialog: Sycamores out front?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah, I love them.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I remember the day they were
dialog: planted.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (wipes a tear)
dialog: Is it totally weird being back
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, feels like home. Remodeled but
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (takes a sip of beer,
dialog: notices Ben’s screen)
dialog: So you’re on Facebook, huh?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, I’m trying to figure it out.
dialog: I joined ten minutes ago.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Better late than never. Want some
dialog: help?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I’d love some but, really, you
dialog: don’t have to waste your time.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- I need a diversion. You have a
dialog: photo of yourself?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, do I need one?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (takes out her phone)
dialog: If you want to find all those
dialog: hotties from high school. Hold on.
dialog: (takes Ben’s photo, looks
dialog: at it)
dialog: Cute. I’1l send it to you. Okay,
dialog: now there’s these questions for
dialog: your profile that you can answer if
dialog: you want or not.
dialog: (scans them)
dialog: Religious beliefs, political
dialog: beliefs, people who inspire you...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jules Ostin.
dialog: (Jules shoots him a look)
dialog: I’m not trying to brown-nose you,
dialog: but I’ve been in business a long
dialog: time and have never run across
dialog: anyone quite like you. You do
dialog: inspire, Jules.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You know what? I just knew a woman
text: at the end of the day with a glass
dialog: of wine and a laptop had real
dialog: shopping potential. And if we
dialog: actually promise her things would
dialog: fit...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: See -- that’s what I mean.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (changing subject, reads
dialog: his screen)
dialog: Okay do you have a favorite quote?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I do. You're never wrong to do the
dialog: right thing.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Who said that -- you?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yes, but Mark Twain said it first.
text: Jules laughs as she types the quote into Ben’s profile.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Favorite music?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, jeez. Sam Cooke -- one my all
dialog: time faves. Love Miles Davis,
dialog: Billie Holiday...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: She was great, huh? Hold on...
dialog: (goes on iTunes)
dialog: What’s your favorite song of hers?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: These Foolish Things.
text: Jules buys the song and it BEGINS.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Transports you, doesn’t it?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Every time.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay. Books?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Love Clancy. Ludlum. Crazy about
dialog: Harry Potter.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (types those in)
dialog: Matt loves Harry Potter too.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: What about your status? Married,
dialog: single...?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Widower.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, I’m sorry. I think we should
dialog: say single then... Okay, now you
dialog: know what you need?
dialog: (Ben looks to her)
dialog: Someone to friend.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I’ll be friends with the other
dialog: interns. They’1ll show me how to do
dialog: it the morning.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You can friend me.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Jules types in her name and confirms.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay, congrats -- you’re now part
dialog: of the Facebook generation.
dialog: (finishes her beer, rises)
dialog: I’ve got about another hour of
dialog: work. You good with that?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Of course. This was great, Jules.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah, nice to have an adult
dialog: conversation with an adult man. You
dialog: know what I mean, not about work
dialog: and not about...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I know what you mean.
text: Jules nods and awkwardly waves, heading back.
scene_heading: EXT. JULES'S HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The SUV pulls quietly in front of the house.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - SAME TIME
text: Jules is out cold in the backseat and making a racket --
text: snoring. Ben doesn’t know if he should wake her. He sits,
text: waits, tries not to listen but it’s SO LOUD. Another car
text: passes and Jules startles awake.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh. We’re here. Oh...
dialog: (straightens up)
dialog: Sorry. Was I snoring?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, no, just sleeping.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, then I was snoring. Sorry about
dialog: that. You know my parents are
dialog: sleep researchers and they’ve
dialog: studied my sleep my whole life.
dialog: (gathering her things)
dialog: Apparently my REM is all screwed up
dialog: or the ratio of my flow-volume
dialog: curve and my...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: (stops herself, then...)
dialog: Fun gettin’ to know me, right?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It is. You need some help back
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No, I’m good.
dialog: (Ben Exits, Jules lets
dialog: herself out - they meet
text: on the curb, she loses
dialog: her balance, he catches
dialog: her)
dialog: Thank you. I never fall asleep in
dialog: the car so that was actually
dialog: amazing. Apologize about the
dialog: racket.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Barely noticed.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I'll pretend I believe you.
dialog: (looks up at her house)
dialog: I love this house. It’s gonna be
dialog: great when we’re done. It just
dialog: looks happy to me. Like if it was
dialog: in a kid's book, it would make you
dialog: feel good when you turned the page
dialog: and saw it. Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Well.
dialog: (salutes)
dialog: Sayonara.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sayonara.
text: Ben watches until Jules is safely inside the house.
scene_heading: INT. JULES BEDROOM - LATER
text: Jules EXITS her bathroom in her pj’s,and slides into bed next
text: to Matt who is asleep. She turns toward Matt. He stirs.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Didn't hear you come in.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You know... I was thinking...
dialog: (Matt opens his eyes)
dialog: We need some awake time together.
text: Matt nods, kisses her. Just what she needed.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Yeah...and that too.
dialog: 69.
text: Matt kisses her more deeply. Her eyes fill up as she kisses
text: him back and they begin to make love.
scene_heading: EXT. JULES'S HOUSE - THE NEXT MORNING
text: Jules EXITS her front door and sees the SUV waiting at the
text: curb. She squints at Ben, wondering why he didn’t ring the
dialog: bell.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSEAT
text: Jules get in, cheerier than we’ve seen her before.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: ‘Morning.
text: Doris, one of the other new Senior Interns, sits behind the
text: wheel and turns to Jules.
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Good morning. I’m Doris. They
dialog: asked me to drive you today. All
dialog: set back there? Seat belt
dialog: fastened?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Where’s Ben?
speaker_heading: DORIS
dialog: Somebody said he got transferred.
dialog: You know the best way to get to
dialog: headquarters?
text: Without looking, Doris PULLS INTO THE STREET, a car swerves
text: around her HONKING.
speaker_heading: DORIS (cont'd)
dialog: Hold your horses, maniac!
dialog: (turns back to Jules)
dialog: Which way, hon? I’m all turned
dialog: around here.
speaker_heading: HONNNKKKKK .
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - CANDICE
text: Walking through the office on her cell.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: You told me to transfer him!
scene_heading: JULES - DRIVING THE SUV
text: Doris is in the backseat.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (into her phone)
dialog: -- That was 2 days ago! Why didn’t
dialog: you check with me?
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: First of all, it was yesterday...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Where is he, do you know?
scene_heading: INT. STARBUCKS - BROOKLYN - SAME TIME
text: Ben is waiting at the “pick up” end of the counter, standing
text: between two other office-schleppers. This recent turn of
text: events has left him looking and feeling uncomfortable.
text: His name is called and he’s handed two take out trays of
text: coffee. Just as he takes them, he looks across the crowded
text: shop and spots Jules rushing through the door.
speaker_heading: JULES
text: (sees Ben, crosses to him)
dialog: You must think I’m demented.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Not the word I'd use, but I was a
dialog: little surprised when I got the
dialog: call. Jules, I apologize if I
dialog: overstepped in some way...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- No, no, no. No, don’t apologize.
dialog: You did nothing wrong. Look, I have
dialog: a lot going on, and I’m a really
dialog: private person and at first, I
dialog: don’t know, I thought maybe this
dialog: wasn’t going to work but I was
dialog: wrong. Let me take one of those.
dialog: (takes one of the trays)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jules, no explanation necessary.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No, actually one is, Ben, ‘cause
dialog: I’m usually better than this. The
dialog: truth is, something about you makes
dialog: me feel calm or more centered or
dialog: Zen, and I can use that. Obviously.
dialog: I hope you'll accept my apology and
dialog: come back to work. For me. If you
dialog: would....
dialog: (Ben almost hesitates)
dialog: And I’m not just saying this
dialog: because I screwed up but I was
dialog: thinking this morning, I’d like to
dialog: move you up to my area, next to
dialog: Becky. I know you can handle more
dialog: work, if you'd like more. God, I
dialog: really hate that I jumped the gun
dialog: and made you feel--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I’m happy to come back.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (catches her breath)
dialog: That’s great. Can I give you a lift
dialog: back to the office?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JULES
text: (as they walk away
dialog: together )
dialog: You mind driving? I don’t actually
dialog: have a license.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES - LATER THAT DAY
text: Jason and Kiko are adding a new DESK right next to Becky who
text: is freaking out. Ben ARRIVES holding his briefcase, keyboard,
text: a few files and things.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: -- This is crazy Ben. Two desks
dialog: are not going to fit in here.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I promise to stay out of your way.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: That’s impossible, I have no room
dialog: to--
dialog: (shuts up when Jules
speaker_heading: ARRIVES)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Hi. This is good, right? I like
dialog: this arrangement. Becky, I want
dialog: you to let Ben give you a hand,
dialog: okay? And cc him on all my e-mails.
dialog: (Becky nods)
dialog: Did we get yesterday’s numbers?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yes. We did. I saw them here.
text: Becky looks all over her messy desk. Can’t find them. Ben
text: spots the sheet with the numbers and indicates to Becky where
text: it is with his eyes. Becky follows, hands them to Jules.
speaker_heading: BECKY (cont'd)
dialog: Here you go.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Thanks. Also, I need to go over the
dialog: data on the customer purchase
text: patterns. Let Ben take a look at
dialog: that too. Actually let Ben take a
dialog: look at it first.
dialog: (This throws Becky)
dialog: Don’t worry Beck. Back up’s good.
dialog: Ping me when Candice gets in.
text: Jules heads off. As soon as she’s out of sight, Becky breaks
text: down in tears. Ben motions for Jason to go to her. Jason
text: nervously walks to Becky and she collapses into him. He puts
text: his arms around her, thrilled but not sure what to say.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Becky. .?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (turning to Ben)
dialog: I’ve been here 9 months, Ben, and
dialog: she’s never asked me to take a look
dialog: at anything for her. Ever. Okay?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I hear ya. That’s frustrating.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Totally! I went to Penn, I have a
dialog: business degree but I never seem to
dialog: do anything right around here and
dialog: you're like 50 years older than me
dialog: and deaf and...
dialog: (collapses into Jason -
dialog: he’s so happy)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (sneaks Jason his hanky)
dialog: I happen to think you do a lot of
dialog: things right.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (offering Becky the hanky)
dialog: You do. So much.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (using the hanky)
dialog: I know that, but she doesn’t. I
dialog: bust my ass for her 14 hours a day.
dialog: She never notices. Ohmygod, I hate
dialog: girls that cry at work.
dialog: (backs away from Jason)
dialog: Breaking news... my life sucks!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: How about if you, just as an
dialog: experiment, try letting me help
dialog: you. A lot of your stress is going
dialog: to be lifted once you're out from
dialog: under this mountain of work.
dialog: (She starts to say
dialog: something)
dialog: And maybe you should consider
dialog: leaving here at a normal hour once
dialog: in a while, see your friends, have
dialog: a little fun.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I can offer my assistance in this
dialog: area. Would love to actually.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I just don’t want her to think I
dialog: can’t do my job and need an
dialog: “intern” to help me.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay... you’re not going to want to
dialog: hear this, but I heard women who
dialog: sleep less than 7 hours a night
dialog: gain 38% more weight than women who
dialog: sleep more than 7 hours a night.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (sobbing now)
dialog: What?! I leave here every night at
dialog: 11, I'm back at 7, I sleep like 5
dialog: hours a night. Now I’m going to get
dialog: fat?!!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (indicating her stack of
dialog: work)
dialog: Let's get through this stuff. Let’s
dialog: do it together. Let’s clean slate
dialog: it.
text: Jason pats her arm just to punctuate.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER
text: Jules, Candice and a small group are intently huddled around
text: a LAP TOP. They’re watching a live CTF MAP of the U.S. that
text: shows purchases as they happen. Icons of Shopping Bags pop up
dialog: in Miami, Tuscon, Chicago, etc.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: (watching a sale)
dialog: Thank you St. Louis.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay, look at Chicago, she put the
text: same boots in her cart as the woman
dialog: in Houston. Let’s see what she
dialog: does at check out. What?! She’s not
dialog: buying them either. Check the
dialog: delivery costs on those boots, will
dialog: you? Why aren’t they selling?
text: Ben gently knocks on the open door. Jules turns to him.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I took a look at the data purchase
dialog: patterns... Shall I come back?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No, no, come on in. That was fast.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, I enlisted Becky’s help.
dialog: Seems the most expensive place
dialog: you're advertising is actually
dialog: bringing you the customers who are
dialog: spending the least and the channels
dialog: you're least investing in are
dialog: adding enormous value in segments
dialog: that currently appear to have low
dialog: value but actually have the highest
dialog: spending potential...
dialog: (everyone stares in awe)
dialog: That’s what I could tell. So far.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Whoa. Ben! Could you like deal
dialog: with all that for me? Maybe come
dialog: up with a better plan? I mean, if
dialog: you have the time.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Happy to.
text: Candice loves that Jules is delegating. She smiles at Jules.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: The man spent 40 years in business.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CANDICE
dialog: I get it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: And Jules. Becky was a huge help in
dialog: this. You know she has a business
dialog: degree from Penn.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know. I mean, I forgot, but I
dialog: know.
text: (Ben doesn’t let her off
dialog: the the hook)
dialog: I'll say something to her.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That’1l be major.
dialog: (Ben exits)
text: The Women in the room, just watch after him. Loving him.
scene_heading: A LARGE DUFFEL LANDS NEAR BEN’S DESK - LATER
speaker_heading: DAVIS O.S.
dialog: How’s it goin’ up here in first
dialog: class?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (sending off an e-mail)
dialog: Busy. I see you found an apartment.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Nope. My two weeks were up. I’m
dialog: moving in with my cousin.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Excellent.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: In Philadelphia.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Davis!
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: What? It’s only for a few weeks.
dialog: I’ll get there by eleven, leave at
dialog: five. That’s cool. I can do it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I feel like everybody’s uncle
dialog: around here...
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Why?
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Because I’m going to save your ass,
dialog: and put you up for a few
dialog: weeks...obviously.
text: Davis grabs Ben, hugs him, kisses him on the cheek. Then
text: kisses him again.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: Okay, okay... Easy fella...
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S DEN - THAT NIGHT
text: Ben is in a recliner, wearing pjs and a robe and Davis is on
text: the couch in sweats. They’re watching Sports Center.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: You got the life here, dude. You’re
dialog: a great cook. You got a dream
text: house. Big TV’s in every room. A
dialog: backyard. You got it made.
dialog: (Ben doesn’t answer)
dialog: Ben?
text: Still no answer. Davis sits up, stares at Ben. He can only
text: see him from the side.
speaker_heading: DAVIS (cont'd)
dialog: You okay?
dialog: (stands)
dialog: Ben! Yo!
dialog: (no response from Ben)
dialog: Hey, look! Fiona’s here! She's
dialog: totally naked! She’s....
text: Still nothing. Davis looks at Ben’s hand, which has fallen
text: limply at his side.
speaker_heading: DAVIS (cont'd)
dialog: Ohmygod.
text: Davis nervously steps away from the couch, moves closer to
text: Ben -- runs his hand in front of Ben’s nose and mouth.
dialog: Doesn't feel a thing.
speaker_heading: DAVIS (cont'd)
dialog: (screams )
dialog: BEN! I!!!
text: Ben jerks awake. Davis leaps back, grabbing his heart.
speaker_heading: DAVIS (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, fu--! Thank God! You’re alive!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- What is wrong with you?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: You scared me. We were talking,
text: drinking beers and then suddenly
dialog: radio silence. And your hand looked
dialog: so out of it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jesus Christ, Davis. I dozed off.
dialog: If I die, you’ll know.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Very funny. And obviously I won't,
dialog: but... Oh, man, am I relieved. I am
dialog: not the right person to find a dead
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'm starting to understand why your
dialog: parents kicked you out. I’m going
dialog: to hit the hay. Do not check on me.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I won’t, I promise, but can I sit
dialog: in the recliner or is that like off
dialog: limits for anyone but..
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Be my guest.
dialog: (rises, notices something
dialog: on the table)
dialog: Why would you put your beer next to
dialog: the coaster?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (moving it onto the
dialog: coaster)
dialog: You're right. I’m sorry. So where
dialog: are the master quarters? Just so I
dialog: know in case of any...
dialog: (off Ben’s look)
dialog: It wasn’t on the tour. I’m curious.
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S BEDROOM
text: The Boys admire the well made bed.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I like that you do the throw pillow
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I was married for a very long time.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Whoa! Is that your closet?
dialog: 78.
text: The Boys ENTER BEN’S CLOSET. Organized, color coordinated,
dialog: and bigger than you'd think.
speaker_heading: DAVIS (cont'd)
dialog: Busy man about town! What is in
dialog: all these drawers?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Boxers, t-shirts, pocket squares,
dialog: handkerchiefs...
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Okay, what's the deal with the
dialog: handkerchief? That one I just don’t
dialog: get, at all.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s essential. That your
dialog: generation doesn’t know that is
dialog: criminal. The best reason to carry
dialog: a handkerchief is to lend it. Ask
dialog: Jason about this. Women cry, Davis.
dialog: We carry it for them. One of the
text: last vestiges of the chivalrous
dialog: gent.
dialog: (Davis is enamoured)
dialog: I know you want to hang, but I have
dialog: to go to sleep, kid. I’m pooped.
dialog: (pats Davis shoulder)
dialog: ‘Sleep tight.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Night Ben. Thank you!
dialog: (hugs him hard)
dialog: Will you wake me in the morning or
dialog: is that asking too much? My
dialog: parents always--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Too much.
text: The Boys EXIT IN DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS as Ben turns out the
text: lights. We stay in the dark..
speaker_heading: DAVIS (0.S.)
text: Understood. I’1l set the alarm on
dialog: my phone... I just hope I hear it.
dialog: I’m a deep...
speaker_heading: BEN (0.S.)
dialog: --OhmyGod. I’11 wake you!
speaker_heading: DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Thank you. Love you! Not kidding.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. JULES & MATT’S KITCHEN - THE NEXT A.M.
text: Matt is packing Paige’s lunch. Paige and Ben sit side-by-
text: side at the island, eating pancakes. A few work folders sit
text: by Ben’s plate.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: Can you pour me more syrup please?
dialog: (Ben pours)
dialog: Perfect. Good job.
text: Ben and Matt laugh as Jules ENTERS.
speaker_heading: JULES (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, boy!
dialog: (fixing herself coffee)
dialog: Okay, so this really big CEO named
dialog: Townsend, the one everyone said
dialog: would never be interested in us,
dialog: because we weren’t big enough for
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: MATT/BEN
dialog: (at the same time)
dialog: -- Yeah?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: We're like your sister-wives.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (laughs, then)
dialog: Well, we just found out -- he’s
dialog: beyond interested.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Exciting.
text: Ben looks from Matt to Jules. Jules and Ben connect for a
dialog: split second.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah, maybe. Everyone’s flipping
dialog: out, but you know I’m still on the
dialog: fence at best, but anyway, only
dialog: thing is, I have to go to San
dialog: Francisco to meet him. He can’t
dialog: get here.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (handing her pancakes)
dialog: When do you have to go?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: The only day he could meet is next
dialog: Thursday. Want to come? Maybe we
dialog: could stay for the weekend?
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (looks at fridge calendar)
dialog: Sounds good but... I can’t. Paige
dialog: is snack leader on Thursday and I’m
dialog: supposed to be in the class with
dialog: her. It’s kind of a big deal.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Right. No, I forgot.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Maybe Ben could go with you.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Yeah. Dat’s a good idea.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Guys, Ben has a life.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Not really.
text: (Jules looks over at him)
dialog: Not one that takes me to San
dialog: Francisco. If you want the company,
dialog: I’d love to go.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Definitely.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Guess what Ben? Today my Dad is
dialog: going to be Ariel, it’s his turn.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That’s good, right?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You think finding a CEO is a big
dialog: deal? Here the big negotiation is
dialog: about who gets to be Ariel when we
dialog: play Little Mermaid and, just for
dialog: the record, it’s never been my
dialog: turn. This is huge. I get to comb
dialog: my hair with a fork... play with
dialog: gadgets and gizmos a-plenty...
text: Paige giggles as Jules looks lovingly at Matt, almost teary-
text: eyed. Ben picks up on this, smiles to himself when Jules’s
text: phone RINGS and breaks the moment.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - MOVING QUCKLY - SHORTLY AFTER
text: Ben, behind the wheel. Jules on SPEAKER PHONE with Candice.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- So guys how long ‘til we get it
dialog: fixed? I mean, if you can’t zoom
dialog: in, you probably won’t buy.
text: Ben nods, agreeing. They exchange looks in the rear view.
speaker_heading: CANDICE 0O.S.
dialog: First couple of hours are already
dialog: down 23%.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, boy.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I'll be there in like...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Six minutes.
speaker_heading: CANDICE 0O.S.
dialog: We’re on it.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Ben, do you have the info on the
dialog: friends shopping together...
text: Ben hands Jules a folder as her 2nd CELL RINGS. She quickly
text: answers as she peruses the folder.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: This is Jules.
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: (on Speaker)
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, Mom. Hi. Oh, I just found out
dialog: the zoom link...the button you
text: click on to zoom in on a photo
dialog: isn’t working.
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: That doesn’t sound like a big deal.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Actually it is... it’s how people
dialog: get a closer look at what they’re
text: buying. Everyone zooms in.
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: -- Oh, I guess I don’t go to your
dialog: website enough to know that.
text: Jules makes an incredulous face at the phone, then starts
text: typing an e-mail to Matt as her other phone RINGS
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: CLOSE - E-MAIL TO MATT
speaker_heading: CLICK.
speaker_heading: JULES'S EMAIL
dialog: Matt -- Question. Why is my mother
dialog: always such a raging bitch?
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
text: Typing and ringing....
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (looking at 2nd phone)
dialog: Yeah, sorry. It’s the warehouse.
dialog: Can I call you back Mom?
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: No need.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay. Love you.
speaker_heading: JULES'S MOM
dialog: Yep.
text: Ben’s eyes widen.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Who says yep to I love you?
text: Ben can’t disagree on that one. Jules continues her e-mail.
speaker_heading: JULES'S E-MAIL
dialog: She’s seriously f-ed up. How did I
dialog: turn out so normal?
dialog: (she adds an - “ish” to
dialog: normal, answers phone)
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Hey Alonzo.
speaker_heading: LATINO VOICE
dialog: Jules, I have not good news.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Lay it on me.
speaker_heading: LATINO VOICE
dialog: In a routine check by the
dialog: sanitation department, they found
text: one bed bug in the warehouse.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Noooo!
speaker_heading: ALONZO
dialog: Unfortunately, yes. We sent out
dialog: 4800 boxes yesterday. We have to
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: ALONZO (cont'd)
dialog: get them all back, shut down the
text: warehouse, spray for bedbugs, then
dialog: we can start shipping again.
speaker_heading: JULES /BEN
dialog: Nightmare!
text: As Ben pulls up in front of CTF, Jules grabs her bag then
text: realizes she didn’t send Matt her e-mail about her Mom. She
text: types in M for the start of Matt’s name, looks out the window
text: at CTF and INSTEAD OF CLICKING on MATT’S E-MAIL ADDRESS,
text: accidentally, clicks on MOM’S E-MAIL ADDRESS. Distracted,
text: she PUSHES SEND.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jules, walking hyper-fast through the office. Ben is a few
text: paces behind her. Suddenly, she STOPS, senses she might have
dialog: done something awful.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No no no no no!
text: Jules looks at her phone, checks her last SENT E-mail and
text: SEES SHE ACCIDENTALLY SENT the “My mother's such a bitch” e-
text: mail to her Mother. She GASPS, looks up as Ben joins her.
scene_heading: INT. BIG CONFERENCE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: At least 20 Techies are scrambling into the room for an
text: emergency meeting. Jules paces at the head of the room,
text: washing her hands with Purell. Ben stands to the side as
text: Candice and Becky join.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know the Zoom’s broken and I
dialog: don’t mean to take anyone off of
dialog: that but... I need a favor. I,
dialog: accidentally sent an e-mail to the
dialog: wrong person and she’s at work
dialog: right now and I know she doesn’t
dialog: check her personal e-mail until she
dialog: gets home at 5:30, so I have until
dialog: then to figure out how to delete it
dialog: because if this person sees this e-
dialog: mail, it’ll be...horrible and on
text: top of that, she has a slight heart
dialog: condition and I think this could
dialog: possibly be not good for that, so,
dialog: I'm relying on your good graces and
dialog: brilliance to figure out how to
dialog: save my ass.
dialog: (a few laughs)
dialog: Please tell me there’s a way.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: TECHIE #1
dialog: Are you two on the same server?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I’m on gmail she’s on Earthlink.
text: Mumbles from the crowd. Earthlink??
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Okay, whatever.
text: The Guys talk amongst themselves. Argue it out.
speaker_heading: TECHIE #2
dialog: Truthfully Jules, it’s pretty
dialog: impossible to hack into a server.
dialog: (Jules sinks)
speaker_heading: TECHIE #3
dialog: And you definitely don’t know her
dialog: password?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No idea.
text: Ben crosses to the front of the room, joins Jules, turning
text: her away from the crowd.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I think there’s only one thing you
dialog: can do.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: What? Tell me. I’m dying.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I think me and the boys take off,
dialog: break into your Mom’s house and
dialog: steal her computer.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Break in and steal her computer?!!
dialog: Are you kidding me?!
dialog: (He's not)
dialog: That’s fucking genius.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NEW HAVEN, CONN. - DAY
text: Jules's SUV makes its way into a suburban neighborhood.
speaker_heading: GPS VOICE (0.S.)
text: Turn right in 300 yards.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: INT. JULES'S SUV - MOVING - SAME TIME
text: Ben’s driving. Jason is next to him. In the backseat, Davis
text: and Lewis. Davis is now wearing a tie, a la Ben.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Little does GPS Lady know she’s an
dialog: accomplice to a crime.
speaker_heading: BEN
text: The woman has a heart condition,
dialog: think of it as a good deed.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I never thought you’d be a bad
dialog: influence on me, Whittaker.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Relax fellas, this is going to be
text: painless. The key is under a
dialog: flower pot, we go in, we delete, we
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: She doesn’t have an alarm, right?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No she does not.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: And what if we need a password to
dialog: get onto her e-mail. Then what?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Then we take the computer. Jules
dialog: said she'd buy her a new one so
dialog: it’s a win/win.
speaker_heading: GPS VOICE
dialog: You have reached your destination
text: in 100 yards.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: This is like an Oceans movie.
dialog: Ben’s the older guy in the big
dialog: glasses...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Elliot Gould. Come on...
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Jason -- you’re Clooney.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I’m Matt Damon ‘cause I’m kind of
text: an outsider.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Who am I?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: You're Ben Affleck’s brother.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Why aren’t I Brad Pitt?
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I think that’s self explanatory.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay, Clooney, you’re behind the
dialog: wheel. Keep the engine running and
dialog: your eyes open. Damon, Affleck’s
dialog: brother, you’re with me.
text: Three car doors open at the same time.
scene_heading: TOO MANY FLOWER POTS
text: Sit at the back door. The Boys start lifting them all. Davis
text: finds the key.
text: The KEY IS INSERTED into the LOCK. As soon as the Boys ENTER
text: THE KITCHEN, they hear a BEEPING SOUND. They look around,
text: SPOT AN ALARM KEYPAD on the wall.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Great plan so far. Fuck!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Davis, call Becky.
text: Davis quickly dials, hands his phone to Ben.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: If we don’t know the code, this is
text: going to turn into an alarm in 60
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Becky, put Jules on, it’s--
dialog: (can’t believe it)
dialog: -- She put me on hold. What is
dialog: wrong with that girl?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (starts to panic)
dialog: This is so not good. What are we
dialog: supposed to do?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Start looking for the computer.
dialog: (they go off together)
dialog: Separately!
dialog: (into Phone)
dialog: -- Becky! Don’t screw around. Put
dialog: Jules on, it’s an emergency.
dialog: Interrupt her!
dialog: (wipes his brow)
dialog: Jules! Your mother has an alarm.
dialog: Yes she does, I’m in her kitchen
dialog: and it’s about to go off. What’s
dialog: the code?
speaker_heading: ANGLE JULES
text: rushing outside of the Conference Room, on her cell
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I have no idea. Ben, listen to me.
text: BACK AT THE HOUSE
text: Davis ENTERS THE KITCHEN, without the computer. Shrugs.
scene_heading: INTERCUT JULES AND BEN - JULES ON SPEAKERPHONE
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- I know this woman, trust me,
dialog: that’s a fake alarm she bought from
dialog: some infomercial or something.
dialog: It’s not connected. It’s just to
text: scare off burglars.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (freaking out)
dialog: It’s doing a good job.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: My parents would never pay for a
dialog: burglar alarm,. They’re the
dialog: cheapest people in America.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (maybe believing her)
text: It hasn’t turned into an alarm
text: yet...still beeping.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- That's cause it’s a fake. Trust
dialog: me on this. Have you found the
dialog: computer?
text: Lewis re-enters, empty handed.
dialog: 88.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS as they all RUSH UP THE STAIRS, in and out of
dialog: Bedrooms. Then:
speaker_heading: LEWIS (0.S.)
dialog: Found it!
speaker_heading: DAVIS (0.S.)
dialog: Got it!
text: Both guys ARRIVE in the UPSTAIRS HALLWAY, holding laptops.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: We found two. Which one is hers?
dialog: The white one or the silver one?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (trying to remember)
dialog: White one or silver one? White one
dialog: or silver one? I don’t know.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (joining)
dialog: Your Mom’s computer? It’s white.
dialog: (Jules hesitates)
dialog: I got it fixed for her once. I’m
dialog: positive.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: The white one!
text: Lewis hands the white computer to Ben. Just then the ALARM
text: GOES OFF FULL BLAST.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Oh my God!
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I knew there was no such thing as a
dialog: fake alarm! We’re getting
dialog: arrested. That’s it. We’re dead.
dialog: Our fingerprints are all over this
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Ben, do you see the e-mail?
text: Ben is now in a chair, the computer on a table next to him.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (opening the computer)
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Double time it dude!
text: Lewis takes over at the computer.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Found it!
dialog: (reads )
dialog: Why 1s my mother always such a
dialog: raging bitch? Subject: She’s A
dialog: Terrorist.
text: Ben reacts to the e-mail.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yes! Delete it!
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: It’s gone.
speaker_heading: JULES
text: Now from the trash.
text: As Lewis deletes from the trash, we hear a POLICE SIREN. All
text: the Guys look up.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Davis, where’d you find this?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
text: Under the bed. Right side.
text: Lewis takes off with the computer, comes right back.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Which right side?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
text: Right side facing the bed.
dialog: (Lewis exits)
dialog: Oh, God, we’re so screwed. My life
dialog: is over. I’m going to be a felon
dialog: and I haven’t even committed a
dialog: crime. You’re old, Whittaker,
dialog: they’11l let out for good behavior,
dialog: but the rest of us--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Davis! Pull it together. Can’t you
dialog: hear how far away that is. We’ve
dialog: got at least 30 seconds until
dialog: they’re here.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: It takes you 30 seconds to stand
dialog: up! No offense, but fast is not
dialog: one of your speeds. How will I
dialog: explain this to my parents? They
dialog: will not get breaking and--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Twenty seconds.
dialog: 90.
text: Davis FLIES OUT OF FRAME as Lewis returns. All three run
text: down the stairs as fast as they can.
scene_heading: JASON - IN THE SUV
text: Is listening to Lil Wayne very LOUDLY. He’s looking out his
text: window away from the house oblivious to the siren.
scene_heading: BEHIND HIM WE SEE
text: Lewis, Davis and Ben, SPRINTING to the car.
text: When they reach the car, the doors are LOCKED. They bang on
text: the car doors. Jason doesn’t react. Davis THROWS HIMSELF on
text: the hood of the car.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Open the fucking doors!!!!1!!
text: Jason LEAPS, flips the unlock door switch. The Guys jump in.
text: Davis has to slide off the hood and run to catch up.
scene_heading: CLOSE - 5 TEQUILA SHOTS
text: Five hands ENTER FRAME and lift them up.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - BROOKLYN - NIGHT
text: Jules and the Four Guys take the Tequila shots. It’s not easy
dialog: for any of them.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: You're a crazy son-of-a-bitch, you
dialog: know that?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I didn’t actually. I’m sure my
dialog: blood pressure was through the
dialog: roof, but...
dialog: (sucks on his lime)
dialog: --it was worth it.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Guys, I can’t, literally can’t,
dialog: thank you enough for what you just
dialog: did. It was so above and beyond
dialog: and brave and loyal! I’m indebted
dialog: to you forever.
dialog: (to Bartender)
dialog: I‘1l have another.
dialog: (to Guys)
dialog: Anybody else?
dialog: gl.
text: Jason and Lewis nod.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (to Bartender)
dialog: But can I just get a half this
dialog: time?
text: The Bartender shoots him a look and pours him aa half a
text: shot. Ben watches Jules throw hers back and then quickly bite
dialog: her lime wedge.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jules!
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know. I can drink. It’s a thing
dialog: about me. So what are your names
dialog: again? I never want to not know
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I’m Jason. I’ve worked for you
dialog: about a year. I’ve delivered things
dialog: to your home. I’ve met Matt a
dialog: bunch of times. I tied your
dialog: daughter’s shoe once.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Of course I’ve seen you around, I
dialog: just didn’t know your name.
dialog: (to Davis)
dialog: And you're new, right?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Yeah. I’m Davis, I started the same
dialog: day as Ben. We’re pretty much
dialog: besties and I’m also his mentee. He
dialog: gave me this tie for example. It
dialog: was his. It’s vintage.
text: Ben shakes his head, although amused.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I like it. Love men in ties. And
dialog: you're Lewis. I could hear a little
dialog: over the phone. You were very cool
text: under pressure.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: It was my first heist but I tried
dialog: to be chill. Thanks for noticing.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Boys, what can I say? Sorry, didn’t
dialog: mean to call you boys. No one calls
dialog: men “men” anymore. Have you
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: noticed? Women went from Girls to
dialog: Women and men went from Men to
dialog: Boys. This is a problem. In the
dialog: big picture. Know what I mean?
dialog: (They don’t. She indicates
dialog: one more drink to
dialog: Bartender )
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Another? You sure about that?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yup. Here’s my theory about this -
dialog: we all grew up during the “Take
dialog: your Daughter to Work Day” thing,
dialog: right?
dialog: (they nod, although
dialog: they’re not sure)
dialog: So we were always told we could do
dialog: anything, be anything. And I think
dialog: somehow the boys got, maybe not
dialog: left behind but not quite as
dialog: nurtured. We had Oprah, you know. I
dialog: wonder sometimes how guys fit
dialog: in...they seem to still be trying
dialog: to figure it all out. Still
text: dressing like little boys, still
dialog: playing video games.
dialog: (takes her next shot)
text: As she sucks on her lime, Ben wishes she’d slow down.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, boy...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Here’s another thing. You ever
dialog: notice how the husband on every
dialog: commercial on TV is always such a
dialog: dope? Has it always been that way
dialog: or is the “husband” the new dumb
dialog: blonde? In one generation men went
dialog: from guys like Al Pacino and
dialog: Harrison Ford to...
text: She pauses as she indicates the Guys who wish they weren’t
text: standing there in T-shirt and hoodies.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Look at Ben here. A dying breed...
dialog: Look and learn ‘cause if you ask
dialog: me...
dialog: (points to Ben)
dialog: This is what cool is.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Thanks Ace. You’re not going to
dialog: drink anymore, right?
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I mean... calling me Ace... Super-
dialog: cool, right? Okay, I’m officially
dialog: a little dizzy, haven’t eaten. I
dialog: apologize for the tirade. I’m
dialog: gonna have to go but I’m forever in
dialog: your debt, gentlemen... another
dialog: word that’s never used anymore.
dialog: Let’s bring it back, shall we?
dialog: Ben, I'll be Uber-ing home.
text: She starts to tip over. Ben catches her.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: And that is what a gentleman does
dialog: for a lady.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR - NIGHT
text: Jules is just finishing throwing up in a trash can as Ben
text: holds back her hair.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Achhh. I’m so sorry. I’m fine
dialog: now...
dialog: (throws up again)
dialog: Oh, God...
text: Ben hands Jules his handkerchief. She wipes her mouth.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: Haven’t done that since college.
dialog: Thank you... Oh, man...
dialog: (looks at Ben)
dialog: You know what you are...?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Uh, no.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You are an actual wonderful person.
dialog: And I don’t know many of those.
dialog: (Ben appreciates this but
dialog: seems more concerned with
dialog: how she is)
dialog: Very sorry you had to see this.
dialog: Humiliating.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s all good. You feelin’ any
dialog: better?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah. I’m good now. I’m fine.
dialog: 94.
text: She cleans her hands with Purell then extends her hand to
text: Ben. He shakes it. Jules can’t help herself, she folds into
text: him, leans on him, resting her head on his chest. She
text: doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
text: Leaving in a minute. Just working
dialog: on making this the worst night
dialog: possible for you...
dialog: (finally pulls away)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Not at all.
text: (she looks up to him...)
dialog: You've had a stressful day.
text: A Town Car pulls up.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: How is it you always manage to say
dialog: the right thing, do the right
dialog: thing, be the right thing? It’s
text: uncanny.
dialog: (with a gentle salute)
dialog: Thank you and......
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (salutes her)
dialog: Sayanora.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Absolutely.
text: Ben nods as Jules ducks into the cab and it takes off.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN STREET - SATURDAY AFTERNOON
text: Amongst the Saturday shoppers, we find Ben and Fiona. Ben’s
text: in a suit, Fiona, in a dress and heels. Ben’s walk is
text: noticeably more jaunty.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Really so nice of you to do this.
dialog: Most women would have just
dialog: rescheduled.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Not to worry. I understand.
text: They stop at their destination.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It was unexpected.
text: Fiona nods as they turn and ENTER a FUNERAL HOME.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME - SAME TIME
text: Ben and Fiona make their way down the center aisle. There’s a
text: lot of elbowing going on so all can take a gander.
text: Ben and Fiona take seats next to Ben’s friend Miles. Miles
dialog: checks out Fiona.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (tickled)
dialog: Benjie, you brought a date to a
dialog: funeral! Unreal.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We had plans. Who knew this was
dialog: going to --
text: Miles leans over Ben and shakes Fiona’s hand.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: How do you do? I’m Miles.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Hello. Fiona. So sorry for your
dialog: loss.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: (seeing only her cleavage)
dialog: Thank you dear.
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: Wowza.
text: Fiona obviously heard this. Ben looks at her, embarrassed and
text: then is startled when he catches Patty Pomerantz directly
text: across the aisle staring him down.
text: Just then the REAR DOORS TO THE CHAPEL OPEN and the casket is
text: wheeled into the room, down the center aisle, and past the
text: mourners.
text: Everyone stands. Ben lets out a sigh. Fiona takes
text: his hand. Ben looks back at Patty who hasn’t taken her eyes
text: off of him. He offers her a small “don’t hate me” smile. She
text: raises her middle finger and starts to say the Fu-- of Fuck
text: You as the casket moves past and blocks her words. Once the
text: casket passes, her finger comes down but we get the message.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BROOKLYN -DAY
text: Ben and Fiona turn a corner from a residential street onto a
text: street lined with shops. Fiona holds a pink bakery box.
dialog: Fiona
dialog: I never went to a shiva before. The
dialog: laughter was wonderful and I don’t
dialog: think I’ve ever eaten more... I’m
dialog: not even sure how I left with a box
dialog: of cookies.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You were a big hit. Giving the
dialog: widow that back massage -- winning
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: She needed it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I definitely think it’s a good idea
dialog: to take all first dates toa
dialog: funeral. Real ice breaker, don’t
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: I know you’re kidding but honestly,
dialog: who needs the strain of the dinner
dialog: date and the “Why aren’t you
dialog: married” conversation. At our age
dialog: it’s not even possible to catch up.
text: Ben stops, letting others pass around them. Ben and Fiona
text: stand face to face.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I can do me in ten seconds. Ready?
dialog: Widower. One son. Two grand-kids.
dialog: Spent my life manufacturing phone
dialog: books which now no longer have a
dialog: function. I’m currently working as
text: an intern, havin’ a ball and best
dialog: news is, I have a crush on a girl I
dialog: met at work.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: (loves that, then)
dialog: I’m sorry you lost your wife...
dialog: Okay...
dialog: (points to herself)
dialog: Divorced. Three beautiful
dialog: daughters. One grandchild, a boy,
dialog: on the way. I was sick a few years
dialog: back. I’m not anymore. I’m an in-
dialog: house e-commerce masseuse. Love my
dialog: job and I finally met a man I
dialog: actually want to hang out with.
text: CAMERA RISES as Ben and Fiona continue talking and sharing a
text: laugh, walking off together. DISSOLVE TO DUSK where Ben and
text: Fiona cross a tree-lined residential street. Ben takes
text: Fiona’s hand, she smiles at him as they walk away from us and
text: down the street, chatting, completely at ease with one
dialog: another.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. JULES'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: The door OPENS to reveal Matt, in a robe, messy hair. He
text: looks awful. He routinely hands Ben a mug of coffee.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (taking the coffee)
dialog: Hey buddy, you don’t look so great.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Believe me, I look better than I
dialog: feel. Do I feel hot to you?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (ENTERS, feels Matt’s
dialog: forehead)
dialog: Not too bad.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Good. I don’t want the girls to get
dialog: this. You see the Knicks last
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: They were on fire.
text: O.S., we HEAR Paige CRYING. They ENTER THE KITCHEN. Paige
text: sits on her regular counter stool, sobbing. Jules is trying
text: to get her to eat her oatmeal. Ben takes his seat next to
dialog: Paige.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: What’s with the waterworks, Little
dialog: One?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I just told her the sitter’s going
dialog: to have to take her to Maddie’s
dialog: birthday party today ‘cause Matt’s
dialog: sick...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (tearfully)
dialog: -- But I don’t want to go with the
dialog: sitter. Ben, can you take me?
dialog: (between sobs)
dialog: Please...?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Awww, honey, I’m sorry, but Ben has
dialog: to go to work today.
text: Paige dramatically throws her head down on the counter,
text: sobbing. Her little shoulders shake. Ben can’t take it.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jules, come on, it’1l take an hour.
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Lemme take her...
text: Matt indicates -- let him do it. Jules feels badly asking,
dialog: but...
scene_heading: INT. SUV - MOVING - DAY
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (driving, mid-argument )
dialog: -- I can’t believe we’re still
dialog: going through this. I’m going the
dialog: right way. Please, have a little
dialog: trust.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE BACK SEAT
text: Paige is in her car seat, looks up from her toy computer.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: But the park where the party is--
dialog: (looks outside)
dialog: Oh, actually this is it.
dialog: (returns to computer)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Like a clone.
scene_heading: EXT. PROSPECT PARK PLAY AREA - MOMENTS LATER
text: A dozen Moms and their 4 Year Olds. Ben arrives holding
text: Paige’s hand and carrying a gift. The Moms who gave Jules a
dialog: hard time at school are all here and silently comment to one
text: another about Paige’s escort.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (whispers to Paige)
dialog: Which one is Maddie?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: The one in the pink.
text: Ben looks over at a group of kids and sees Ten Little Girls
text: huddled together all wearing pink.
speaker_heading: PAIGE (cont'd)
dialog: You can sit with the other Moms,
dialog: okay?
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay. Want to give Maddie her
dialog: present?
text: Paige rushes off as Ben joins the Moms on the benches.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: Hi. I’m Ben, I’m helping Matt and
dialog: Jules out today.
speaker_heading: MOM #2
dialog: Oh, are you Matt’s Dad?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, no, I work for Jules.
text: One of the Mom’s mumbles to another -- that can’t be fun.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: (catching her drift)
dialog: Hmmm?
speaker_heading: MOM #1
dialog: Oh, nothing, I’ve heard she’s, you
dialog: know, kind of “tough.”
dialog: (the Other Moms agree)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Tough? Jules? She’s a total bad
dialog: ass. Guess that’s how she became an
dialog: internet sensation.
dialog: (sees Women are
dialog: uncomfortable)
dialog: Must make you proud, huh? One of
dialog: your own out there every day
text: crashing the glass ceiling of the
dialog: tech world. So -- bravo! Good for
dialog: her. Right?
speaker_heading: MOM #1
dialog: (eating shit)
dialog: Yeah...no...for sure.
text: Ben raises his fist in solidarity. Paige runs to Ben, cuddles
text: up next to him.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What’s up kiddo?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I don’t feel good.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Want to sit on my lap?
text: Paige nods. Ben lifts her onto his lap, feels her forehead.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MOM #2
dialog: If she’s sick, she probably
dialog: shouldn’t be here.
text: MOM #2's Daughter heads for Paige. Her Mom grabs her arm,
text: yanks her back.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Tough crowd, Paigey. Should we hit
dialog: the road?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Does that mean leave?
scene_heading: INT. SUV - MOVING - PARK SLOPE - SHORTLY AFTER
text: Paige now seems fine and energetic as they drive down Jules's
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: I spy with my little
dialog: eye...something... blue!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Is it the car next to us?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Is it that dog leash?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Is it the sky?
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Yes! You got one! Your turn Ben.
text: As Ben nears the house, he SEES Matt, looking entirely better
text: and bounding down the front steps in a GREEN T-SHIRT.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay, I have a good one. I spy
dialog: with my little eye - something
dialog: green...
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: (looking the opposite way,
dialog: yawns )
dialog: Is it that tree?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Nope.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: Is it that front door? Well, that’s
dialog: kinda green.
text: Ben watches as Matt SMILES AND WAVES TO SOMEONE IN A WAITING
text: SUV. Curious, Ben gets a little closer and sees it’s a WOMAN
text: WITH DARK HAIR. Matt gets in the Woman’s car and they
text: immediately kiss and then kiss again and again.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BEN
text: Dumbstruck. He’s now dangerously close to the Woman’s car.
text: He slows down as Matt and the Woman separate, go back for one
text: more kiss, then drive off.
speaker_heading: PAIGE
dialog: -- Is it Ben? Is it that front
dialog: door?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, it is. Good girl.
text: Ben can’t process what he just witnessed. He’s momentarily
text: frozen. A car honks at him. Snapping to, he turns at the
text: corner, looks in the rear view and sees Paige nodding off.
text: Ben pulls over, parks under a tree, tries to compute what he
text: just saw. Just then, a TEXT FROM JULES. He looks at his
dialog: phone:
speaker_heading: TEXT
dialog: How’s it going? Thank you! :)
text: Ben's finger trembles but he manages to type back: A-OK.
text: Then, adds an exclamation point before shutting his eyes for
text: a quick sec.
text: His heart races, he can’t seem to focus. And then he hears
text: something familiar. He looks up at the rear view and sees
text: Paige is snoring. He looks at her sweet little face and
text: feels a new found pain just at the sight of her.
scene_heading: EXT. JULES'S HOUSE - AN HOUR LATER
text: Ben walks up the steps carrying a sleeping Paige. Matt opens
text: the door in a new change of clothes.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Awww. Thanks so much Ben.
scene_heading: INT. PAIGE’S ROOM
text: Ben lies Paige on her bed then Matt pulls up her covers.
text: Matt turns toward Ben and finds Ben staring at him. Matt
dialog: wonders why.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. CENTER HALL
text: Ben crosses to the front door.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Can I get you something before you
dialog: go? Cup of coffee, bite of
dialog: something to--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I’m good. Thanks.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: How was she? Didn’t give you any
dialog: trouble?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: She was perfect. She wasn’t
dialog: feeling so great at the party so
dialog: we... we left a little early then
dialog: she fell asleep so I just hung out
text: in the car and let her get ina
dialog: nap. She slept good...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: So nice of you. Thank you.
text: Matt gets a text, takes out his phone, quickly looks at it,
text: returns the phone to his pocket. Looks up guiltily.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You seem like you're feeling more
dialog: with it...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (hates lying)
dialog: Yeah. Just needed a little
dialog: downtime, I guess or maybe I wasn’t
dialog: that sick, I don’t know.
dialog: (Ben nods...)
dialog: Ben, I wanted to ask you, what’s
dialog: your take on this whole CEO thing?
dialog: You’re more on the inside than I
dialog: am.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I know Jules is trying to do right
dialog: by everybody - the investors, the
dialog: company... you... She’s got a lot
text: on her shoulders. The pressure’s
dialog: unreal.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Am I wrong to hope it happens? I
dialog: mean, I want what she wants but you
dialog: know what it’s like around here --
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: MATT (cont'd)
dialog: we don’t see her enough. Maybe this
dialog: will fix that.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: A CEO's going to fix... what’s
dialog: going on here, Matt?
dialog: (Matt stops cold)
dialog: Whatever she decides...
dialog: (wipes his eye...)
dialog: I just, I want it to be good for
dialog: her, I want her to be happy.
dialog: (eyes landing on Matt)
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Of course.
text: Ben nods, his eyes steady on Matt.
scene_heading: INT. CTF - AFTERNOON
text: Ben wends his way through the office, pre-occupied, looking a
text: bit wan. He passes Lewis who is clean shaven, got a bit of a
text: hair cut and is wearing a tie and carrying a briefcase
text: exactly like Ben’s. Ben doesn’t notice.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Benjamin, dude, what do you think?
dialog: (Ben’s not sure what he
dialog: means )
dialog: Of my man look. I got so many
dialog: compliments, it’s crazy. And check
dialog: this out...
dialog: (holds up briefcase)
dialog: --found it on e-bay. You're right,
dialog: total classic.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (half-hearted)
dialog: You look awesome, kid.
text: Across the office, Ben notices a small crowd has gathered to
text: sing “Happy Birthday.” He sees Jules is part of the crowd,
text: smiling, singing. He takes a deep breath at the sight of
text: her. Jules gives the Birthday Girl a hug, then spots Ben.
scene_heading: BEN CLICKS ON HIS E-MAIL
text: He has tons. His desk is now stacked with paperwork.
speaker_heading: JULES (0.S.)
dialog: How'd it go?
text: Jules leans on Ben’s desk, eating a piece of cake and handing
dialog: Ben a piece.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You have a great kid, Jules. She
dialog: was adorable.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Awww. Thank you so much for doing
dialog: that. So -- you excited about
dialog: going to San Francisco tomorrow?
text: (Ben wipes his brow with
dialog: his hankie, he’s having
dialog: trouble having eye
dialog: contact with Jules)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, man, I hope you don’t have what
dialog: Matt has.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I don’t.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Positive.
dialog: (takes a small pill)
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Blood pressure. Take it everyday.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You sure you’re okay ‘cause you
dialog: don’t look like you. You’re all
dialog: flushed. Why don’t you go see
dialog: Fiona, the masseuse, and just chill
dialog: for a little.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
text: (walks by, notices Ben
dialog: mopping his brow)
dialog: What’s up? You okay Ben? You seem
text: to be slightly malfunctioning.
text: Ben rolls his eyes as Becky joins.
speaker_heading: JULES (CONT'D)
dialog: Does he look right to you?
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay, thank you. I think we’re good
dialog: here. Got a lot of work to do.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Is it his coloring?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh my God, you’re all nuts. I’ma
dialog: hundred percent. lLet’s move on
dialog: kids. Big day, lots to do.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Ben, if I’m giving you too much to
dialog: do or wearing you out, please do
dialog: not think you have to go with me to-
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Jules, people my age get tired
dialog: sometimes. That’s all this is.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You're tired? That’s why you
dialog: haven't looked at me once since I
dialog: walked over here.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (turns to her)
dialog: I'm looking at you.
text: She realizes he’s looking at her for the first time.
speaker_heading: BECKY
text: Jules, Candice is on the phone.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: If you don’t feel good later or
dialog: tonight or...
dialog: (Ben drops his head...)
dialog: I’m just sayin’...I can go by
dialog: myself tomorrow. I’m a big girl.
dialog: I'll be fine.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE - IN THE AIR —- THE NEXT DAY
text: Ben and Jules in first class, both have work on their tray
text: tables. Jules is on her iPad. Ben is staring at her.
text: Bursting, but not talking.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (finally, turns to him)
dialog: Okay! Seriously. Ben! What - is-
dialog: it!?!
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (giving up)
dialog: You know, I’m a sensitive man. I
dialog: don't look it, people don’t think
dialog: that about me. But I am. Under all
dialog: this man stuff that you so admire,
dialog: I’m just a big bowl of mush.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I know that.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay!
dialog: (calming himself down)
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: That’s it? That’s what 24 hours of
dialog: crazy comes to? That you’re a
text: sensitive bowl of mush.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jules.
dialog: (almost tells her what he
dialog: knows, changes his mind)
dialog: Jules, what are we doin’ here? We
dialog: got the day off. We’re travelin’ in
dialog: first class.
dialog: (starts packing up his
dialog: papers)
dialog: Let’s at least have a little fun.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay! That I get.
text: She snaps her iPad case shut, calls for the Flight Attendant.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE - A LITTLE LATER
text: Jules and Ben are mid-meal and getting refills on their wine.
text: Jules is telling Ben a story and laughing so hard, she can’t
text: get the story out. Ben is dying laughing. Can’t catch his
text: breath. He laughs, wiping away tears as Jules continues.
scene_heading: LATER —- READY TO LAND
text: Jules and Ben put their seats in the upright position. Jules
text: takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah. Just thinking, tomorrow I
dialog: meet the guy who may become my
dialog: boss. A lot of people have bosses
dialog: right? Most people have bosses!
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jules, it’s simple. If you think
dialog: Townsend is going to be good for
dialog: you and good for the company, then
dialog: do it and if not...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- Exactly. Just because I came
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Right.. Doesn’t mean....
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (nods )
dialog: I agree. Do you think I can take a
dialog: Xanex if I had two glasses of wine
dialog: an hour ago?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'd wait another couple of hours.
text: Jules nods. As they prepare to land, Jules closes her eyes,
text: kisses her fingertips, touches her eyes, nods her head,
text: counts to four then mumbles something that ends in the word
text: Amen. Ben watches.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: It’s a thing I do when I land.
dialog: We're good now.
scene_heading: EXT. FOUR SEASONS SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. JULES HOTEL ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Jules has wet hair, she’s in the hotel robe and on her iPad.
text: TV is on in the b.g.. Suddenly there’s a LOUD SIREN-LIKE
text: BEEPING coming from the hallway. Jules looks up sharply.
scene_heading: INT. BEN’S ROOM - SAME TIME - THE BEEPING CONTINUES
text: Ben is asleep with an open book on his chest. His eyes pop
dialog: open.
scene_heading: EXT. FOUR SEASONS HOTEL - NIGHT
text: A hundred or so Hotel Guests have gathered on the street
text: dressed in everything from bath towels to tuxedos. Jules, in
text: her robe and wet hair, pushes through the crowd, relieved to
text: spot Ben walking toward her in his pj’s and robe.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: This alarm going off is not a good
dialog: omen about this guy. It’s a sign,
dialog: Ben.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'm pretty sure it’s not. You
dialog: haven’t taken the Xanax yet.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You told me to wait two hours. You
dialog: travel with your own robe?
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Ladies and Gentleman, a smoke alarm
dialog: went off in one of our rooms but
dialog: the problem has been taken care of.
dialog: Our sincerest apologies.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yep. Two hundred people, 4
text: elevators. Definitely a sign.
text: Iceberg ahead.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ben walks Jules to her room.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Thanks for escorting me back. Want
dialog: to see my room?
text: (Jules OPENS her door. Ben
dialog: peeks in)
dialog: I mean do you actually want to come
dialog: in? I have a tea kettle, we could
dialog: have tea...
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'm ridiculously nervous about
dialog: tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT. JULES'S HOTEL ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jules is pouring hot water into two mugs.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You lie down, I know you’re tired
dialog: and I‘1l sit in the chair.
text: Ben catches the reflection of Jules's bare legs in the mirror
text: and looks away. He lies on the edge of the bed, one foot
text: planted on the floor. Jules joins him on the bed.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I thought you were going to sit in
dialog: the chair.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Please let me be here. I need to
dialog: lay down too.
text: Ben shakes his head as Jules joins him on the bed. A bit
text: awkward as they lie next to one another.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: We don’t have to talk about work or
dialog: anything...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Alright. What should we talk
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Marriage?
dialog: (Ben gets nervous, looks
dialog: over at her)
dialog: Will you tell me about your wife?
dialog: She was great, right?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: She was. Molly was her name. She
dialog: was a middle school principal.
dialog: Beloved.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: So perfect. Long marriage?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Not long enough. Thirty-eight
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Wow. What was that like?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You know when people say they want
dialog: to grow old together?
dialog: (Jules nods)
dialog: Well, we did it. We met when we
dialog: were 20. I was 20. She was 19. What
dialog: was amazing was that she never
dialog: really changed. That’s a hard thing
dialog: to pull off. She handled life like
dialog: it was easy. Always... even when it
dialog: wasn’t.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: God, I envy that.
dialog: (Ben smiles, Jules crosses
dialog: to the Mini Bar)
dialog: You hungry? We’ve got Gummy bears.
text: Chocolate chip cookies. Pringles.
text: She grabs everything and takes it all back to the bed.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You know those are like $15 each.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Benjamin, I run a very big internet
dialog: company. Let’s go crazy. So...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (laughs, eating gummy
dialog: bears)
dialog: So..?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I got a weird one for you. Matt is
dialog: cheating on me.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (almost choking)
dialog: You know about this?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: What does that mean? You know
dialog: about it?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (hates saying this)
dialog: I saw them together.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, God. When?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yesterday. I’m sorry. It was an
dialog: accident that I saw them but I did.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yesterday?! Oh, okay, so, it is
text: still going on.
dialog: (slinks down in bed)
dialog: I was thinking maybe it was winding
dialog: down. Fuck! Excuse me.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It’s okay.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Thanks. FUCK!!!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: How long have you known?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: For like 18 days. She’s a Mom at
dialog: Paige’s school. It’s still so hard
dialog: for me to grasp. I was in the
dialog: kitchen making sandwiches and his
dialog: phone was sitting there, he was
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: upstairs with Paige and he kept
dialog: getting all these texts. I don’t
dialog: know why, but I read them.
dialog: (starts to cry)
dialog: It was not good. I thought my heart
dialog: was going to stop. They had little
dialog: nicknames for each other. She sent
dialog: him a photo which is now forever
dialog: implanted in my brain... I guess
dialog: cell phones are going to do in all
dialog: guys eventually.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Does he know you know?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No... because, honestly I’m not
dialog: really ready to deal with it. I
dialog: would like to be a little less
dialog: devastated if that’s possible. It’s
dialog: classic, though, isn’t it? The
dialog: successful wife’s husband feels
text: ignored, his manhood is threatened
dialog: so he acts out. The girlfriend I
dialog: guess makes him feel more like a
dialog: man. Sometimes I think maybe I
dialog: don’t know how to do the -- make
dialog: him feel like a man thing, you
dialog: know? And anyway, is that even
dialog: what I’m supposed to do? I mean,
dialog: that’s an exhausting endeavor.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Wait, wait wait. Hold on. You’re
dialog: not actually taking the rap for any
dialog: this, are you?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: No. No! He’s doing something bad.
dialog: No! Monogom-ish is not what I’m
dialog: going for. I’m just trying to wait
dialog: it out for a sec. I’m hoping it’s
dialog: just a horrible lapse in judgment
dialog: and not like, love -- and once he
dialog: gets it out of his system, we'll be
dialog: able to eventually be okay again.
dialog: What do you think of that?
dialog: (off Ben’s look)
dialog: Clearly you don’t think that’s a
dialog: possible thing.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It would be unusual.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I get not everybody could do that
dialog: but everybody’s not us. I have
dialog: hope for us ‘cause I believe he
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: still loves me and we're going
dialog: through a lot right now and...
dialog: God, I wish all of your expressions
dialog: weren’t so transparent. Some
dialog: couples do survive these things.
dialog: Anyway, there’s something to be
dialog: said for getting through it.
dialog: Putting value on us and not the
dialog: affair. Also, I know you want to
dialog: say something, here’s the last
dialog: thing -- I don’t want to give up on
dialog: him ‘cause I know him and I know he
dialog: knows better. But I’m only human,
dialog: so I’m obviously so mad at him...
dialog: (tries to pull it
dialog: together )
dialog: So much has happened to us so fast,
dialog: maybe I was somehow even expecting
dialog: this. You know he was the more
dialog: successful when we started out...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, didn’t know that.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah. He was. He was a rising
dialog: star... I’m sure this is why I’m
dialog: even entertaining this whole CEO
dialog: thing... thinking maybe it will let
dialog: me get my life back on track but--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Oh, God, okay, that’s it!
dialog: (makes the Time Out sign)
dialog: I hate to be the feminist here,
dialog: between the two of us, but you
dialog: should be able to have a huge
dialog: career and be brilliant without
dialog: having to accept your husband is
dialog: having an affair as some kind of
dialog: payback.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Right on.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I mean it.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Me too. But such is life, my
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No it isn’t. Not always. And I'm
dialog: really mad at him too. Except I’m
dialog: not so forgiving.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I’m not so forgiving. I’m saying I
dialog: could potentially be forgiving. But
dialog: don’t think I don’t feel what’s
dialog: happening here. It’s crushing. And
dialog: when I think of Paige...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, don’t...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Also, I know if we got a divorce,
dialog: he'd remarry, not necessarily to
dialog: this girl, but someone and we know
dialog: I’m not easy, so I could be like
dialog: single forever which means and
dialog: forgive me but I think about this
dialog: sometimes in the middle of the
dialog: night...
dialog: (covers her face...)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- That I don’t want to be buried
dialog: alone. Paige will be with her
dialog: husband, Matt will be with his new
dialog: family and I’1l be buried with
dialog: strangers. I’1ll be in the single
text: strangers section of the cemetery.
dialog: Abhhhhh. Not that that’s a reason
dialog: to stay together, that’s just a
dialog: scary side bar...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay, let’s take that one off your
dialog: plate. You can be buried with me
dialog: and Molly. I happen to have room.
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (so touched, tears
dialog: streaming)
dialog: Thank you. So much. And to think
dialog: I didn’t even want to hire you...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: The one time I don’t have my hanky.
speaker_heading: JULES
text: (wipes her eyes on the
dialog: belt of the robe)
dialog: I’m okay. You want to see what’s on
dialog: TV? Just for a few minutes?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah. I would...
dialog: 114.
text: Jules picks up the remote, clicks around and is relieved to
dialog: land on Gene Kelly and Debbie Reynolds dancing to “You Were
text: Meant For Me” from Singin’ in the Rain. They watch in
text: silence at the optimism, innocence and youthful beauty on the
text: screen. Ben turns to Jules, sees her eyes are shutting. Ben
text: watches the movie alone, happy to be lost in another world.
scene_heading: INT. BARBER SHOP - THE NEXT A.M.
text: Ben is getting a shave. His eyes go to the clock on the
text: wall. It’s 9:30.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO STREET - LATE MORNING
text: Ben paces in front of a town car when he spots Jules, walking
text: quickly out of the building, wearing sunglasses. He opens
text: the back door of the car. She nods, gets in. Ben joins her
text: in the backseat.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: To the airport?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: The airport.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Did we like him?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (pulls out Purell)
dialog: He said everything right. Said no
dialog: one knows CTF like me. Said he
dialog: doesn’t want to remove the soul of
dialog: the company.
text: (Ben opens his palm for a
dialog: squirt of Purell)
dialog: He said he doesn’t have a plan,
dialog: wants to watch us and see what
dialog: works. He was polite, he was
dialog: respectful, he was super smart and
dialog: I hired him.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Seriously? You did it in the room?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: He told me to sleep on it and we’ll
dialog: talk tomorrow but I told him the
dialog: job was his. We shook hands on it.
dialog: (then)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: You know if we disagree on
dialog: something... he’s the tie breaker.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Of course. He’s the CEO.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Matt’1l be happy.
text: Ben lowers his window a couple of inches, turns toward the
text: fresh air.
scene_heading: INT. JULES'S FOYER - THAT NIGHT
text: Matt bounds down the stairs as Jules ENTERS. He kisses her
dialog: hello.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Hey. You smell minty.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I just made mint tea. So? Yes?
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I did it. I liked him a lot and I
dialog: offered him the job.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Wow. Really?
dialog: (Matt hugs her)
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah. I think it’1ll be good for us.
dialog: Do we have like any real booze?
dialog: Like vodka or something?
scene_heading: ON THE STAIRS - A MOMENT LATER
text: Jules sits on the stairs. Matt joins her with two glasses of
dialog: Vodka.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Did good for us mean CTF or us?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: You and me us. If someone else can
dialog: call some of the shots at work,
dialog: then maybe we can get back to where
dialog: we were 18 months ago. They say
dialog: you can’t get the genie back in the
dialog: bottle, but we can try. Right?
text: Matt turns to her but neither says a word.
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: INT. JULES BATHROOM - THAT NIGHT
text: Jules lies in the bathtub, wiped out. She looks over at the
text: sink, sees two toothbrushes in a cup, then to the back of the
text: door -- Matt’s robe hangs on the hook. She shuts her eyes
text: for a sec, rubs her chest, tries to calm her breathing. A
text: few of Paige’s bath toys sit on the tub ledge. Jules picks
text: up a little frog, winds it up, places it in the tub and
text: watches it flip around. Her eyes fill with tears.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SAME TIME
text: Matt lies across the bottom of the bed, wishing his life
text: wasn’t crumbling. He sits up, faces the closed bathroom
text: door, wants to do the right thing, but can’t seem to get up
text: and go in there. His phone pings - he has a text. He
text: doesn’t look at it.
scene_heading: EXT. BEN’S HOUSE - EARLY A.M.
text: A Cab pulls up. Jules steps out and walks up the front path
text: just as Davis EXITS in a suit, carrying a brief case.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Wait, you live here?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Oh. Hi! Yeah, Ben’s been putting me
dialog: up ‘til I find a place. Should I
dialog: tell him you're here?
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: That’s okay, I’11l knock.
text: Jules KNOCKS on the FRONT DOOR and in a sec, Fiona answers.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Fiona??
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Hi Jules. Come on in.
text: Fiona opens the door and we find Ben, clearing the breakfast
dialog: dishes.
speaker_heading: FIONA (cont'd)
dialog: I’m just on my way to work, I’1l
dialog: let you two talk.
text: Fiona grabs her tote, crosses to Ben, gives him a kiss on the
text: cheek. Ben smiles softly as she heads out.
text: Now alone with Ben, Jules remains in the Living Room, a
text: distance away.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Wow. You and Fiona. Who knew?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: She's a great gal. She surprised
dialog: me last night. Brought over dinner.
dialog: It’s... brand new.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Congrats. I love her.
text: Jules pauses, putting all that together, then rolls on.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: So, I was ready kind of early
dialog: today. Since about four... and
dialog: Matt and Paige left an hour ago for
dialog: a field trip so thought I’d come
dialog: by, hope that’s okay. Just wanted
dialog: to say I slept on it, I haven't
dialog: called Townsend yet but I still
dialog: think it’s the right thing to do.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I didn’t sleep so well myself.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Over this?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You remember the day I drove you to
dialog: the warehouse? You were giving me
dialog: the wrong directions and...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I remember.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Okay, well, I stood in the back and
dialog: watched you show the workers how to
dialog: fold and box the clothes. I knew
dialog: then, that was why CTF was a
dialog: success. No one else is ever going
dialog: to have that kind of commitment to
dialog: your company Jules. To me, it’s
dialog: pretty simple. CTF needs you and
dialog: if you don’t mind me saying - you
dialog: need it. Someone may come in with
dialog: more experience than you, but
dialog: they’re never going to know what
dialog: you know. I never had something
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 117.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont'd)
dialog: like this in my career. Not many
dialog: people do. This big, beautiful,
dialog: intricate thing that you created --
dialog: it’s a dream isn’t it? And you're
dialog: going to give that up in the hopes
dialog: that your husband will stop having
dialog: an affair? I don’t see how that
dialog: adds up. You should feel nothing
dialog: but great about what you’ve done.
dialog: Don’t let anybody take that away
dialog: from you.
text: (Jules wipes a tear from
dialog: her cheek)
dialog: I guess you came over here ‘cause
dialog: you wanted to hear some of this...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Yeah, I did. And maybe also ‘cause
dialog: you're my...
dialog: (she can’t quite say it)
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Intern.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I was going to say...
dialog: (mumbles )
dialog: Intern/Slash/Best friend, but no
dialog: need to get all sentimental even
dialog: though we could potentially be
dialog: buried together. Can’t get closer
dialog: than that and I think it’s moments
dialog: like this when you need someone who
dialog: you know you can count on. So
dialog: thank you for that.
dialog: (Ben nods)
dialog: I like your house so much by the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Thank you.
text: They both take the time to think about what was just said.
speaker_heading: BEN (cont’d)
dialog: So. Shall we?
scene_heading: INT. CTF - FOLLOWING
text: Ben and Jules get off the elevator together. Just another
text: day for everyone else. Becky, looking fresh and relaxed
text: greets them, carrying an iPad.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Welcome back you two. Jules, got
dialog: something cool to show you.
dialog: (clicks on a Photo)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: BECKY (cont'd)
dialog: Do you remember taking a customer
dialog: service call about a Bride whose
text: bridesmaids’ dresses all showed up
dialog: in grey and you had the Vendor
dialog: remake them overnight and we put
dialog: them on a plane and --
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- Yeah, yeah...Rachel!
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Check this out.
text: Becky shows Jules a PHOTO of RACHEL and her BRIDESMAIDS lined
text: up in their Pink Dresses.
speaker_heading: JULES
text: The silk chiffon Antoinette dress.
text: They look beautiful.
text: Jules and Ben arrive at their cubicles. There’s a huge
text: arrangement of Peonies on Jules's desk. She hopes they're
dialog: from Matt.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Also, these just arrived from Ted
dialog: Townsend. Here’s the card.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (reading the card)
dialog: Get me Townsend’s number will you?
text: Ben watches Jules then checks his watch. Jules's PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: This is Jules. Hey Alonzo, what's
dialog: up? Okay, uh-huh, do we need that
dialog: many?
text: Jules feels someone standing over her. Looks up. It’s Matt.
text: He looks like he may have run to get here.
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Jules and Matt stand in the Conference Room.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Don't do this for me, Jules.
dialog: Please. Do what feels right for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Oh, God. I want to continue
dialog: running my company Matt -- you
dialog: gotta know that.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Then do it. I don’t want you to be
dialog: unhappy.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I’m already unhappy.
dialog: That came out too fast to take back.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Because of me?
text: She looks at him in a way that reveals what she’s been going
text: through. His eyes fill with tears.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Is it almost over ‘cause I don’t
dialog: know how much longer I can --
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It is over. I love you Jules and I
dialog: don’t know how to say this any
dialog: better than to tell you how deeply
dialog: sorry I am. I’m so ashamed of
dialog: myself and what I did to us... I
dialog: will do so much better at this. If
dialog: you'll let me.
text: Jules openly cries now. Matt waits for her response, not
dialog: sure what to do.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Know what would be good? If you
text: carried a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I’1l buy some.
text: A long look at one another. So much to say...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay...
text: And through her exhaustion and tears, the smallest of smiles
text: and a nod make their way through.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Thank you...
dialog: (wiping away his tears)
dialog: Have you called Townsend yet
dialog: because if I ever met anyone who
dialog: didn’t need a boss -- it was you.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: -- I was just about to call him and
dialog: tell him I changed my mind. I
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: JULES (cont'd)
dialog: mean, we’re good here. We’ll make
dialog: it. I’m gonna make sure we make it.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Good. And maybe you could offer him
dialog: the job of COO, under you... let
dialog: him make the trains run on time and
dialog: report to you.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: He won’t take that.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: But somebody will.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (wiping her tears)
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I’m sorry, Jules, but I gotta get
dialog: back to the field trip. I’m in
dialog: charge of snacks and...
text: Jules nods and Matt hesitates then hugs her in a way that
text: finally relaxes them both.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jules quickly zigzags around the desks, arriving at Ben’s
text: desk. He’s not there.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Becky, where’s Ben?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Not sure. Said he’s taking the day
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT. FIONA’S ROOM - DIMLY LIT
text: Someone is in the massage chair. The door opens, Jules
text: sticks her head in.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Fiona, do you know where Ben is?
scene_heading: EXT. PROSPECT PARK - DAY
text: Ben’s Tai Chi group, all in sync, move slowly toward the
text: right, arms raised. Ben is among them. Jules approaches.
text: Ben doesn’t see her at first. She joins the group, standing
text: awkwardly near Ben.
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Sorry to interrupt.
text: Ben motions for her to be silent, then to get next to him.
dialog: She does.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Extend your left arm, Jules. Bend
dialog: your knees, breathe and relax.
text: (Jules drops her shoulder
dialog: bag, tries it)
dialog: For inner balance...
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: (not quite getting it)
dialog: Am I doing it right?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Almost.
text: Jules tries harder.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: I have something good to tell you.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Tell me when we’re done.
speaker_heading: JULES
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Breathe deeply, Jules...
text: And as Jules follows Ben and tries her best to achieve inner
dialog: balance, CAMERA DRIFTS and slowly we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
