scene_heading: THE STRANGERS
dialog: by
dialog: Bryan Bertino
dialog: First Draft
dialog: October 31, 2004
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: The washed out sky hangs over the open fields in the middle
text: of nowhere. It has rained recently and the ground is wet
text: around the scattered mail boxes that line the old gravel
dialog: road.
text: The street is deserted. Empty.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0.)
dialog: Okay. Let’s try and do this all at
dialog: once.(Coughs) Can you hear me
dialog: alright? I’m just gonna start.
dialog: Alright?
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: A large single story house sits a thousand yards from its
text: closest neighbor. There is a long cement driveway that leads
text: down the side of the property.
text: At the end, towards the house, sits a once blue four-door
text: sedan. Smoke rises above the charred remains. The windows
text: are smashed out and the tires are slashed. Broken pieces of
text: glass surround the car as it sits flat against its metal
text: rims.
text: The car is running.
text: Over the blackened hood stands a faded basketball goal. A
text: net hangs on for its life from the rusty orange hoop.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0O.)
dialog: 1801 Clark Road. Stop. (Coughs)
dialog: 1801 Clark Road as follows: 4
dialog: kitchen knives, varying sizes. 2
text: candle sticks. One large axe with
text: wooden handle.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: TwO YOUNG BOYS, both in their early teens, walk side by side
text: with their bicycles. They wear pressed white shirts and
text: black slacks.
dialog: They are Mormons.
text: The taller boy, has a backpack slung over one shoulder. The
text: other one holds a pile of pamphlets. They both have flat
dialog: tops.
dialog: 2.
text: The boys make their way down the street and they huddle close
text: together to attempt to shield themselves from the wind
text: whipping across their skin.
text: They are two houses down from the basketball goal. So far,
text: no one is home on the street. They take turns walking to
text: each house, knocking and ringing the doorbells. When there
text: is no answer, they leave the pamphlets on the mat or in the
text: mailbox and walk back up to the road again.
text: The boys do not play around with each other as they walk the
text: road between houses. They concentrate on the task at hand;
text: each solemnly staring forward as they pass the overgrown
text: yards.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0O.)
text: Matches. One double barrel shot
text: gun. 5 empty shells. Baling wire.
text: A broken champagne bottle. Two
text: empty bottles of beer.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Music drifts out to where the boys stand on the street from
text: somewhere within the large house.
text: The boy with the backpack waits at the mailbox as the smaller
text: one walks down the driveway towards the blue-black family
dialog: car.
text: The smaller boy waves and calls out for his friend to come
text: closer. The music grows louder so as to drown out all other
dialog: sound.
text: Eventually, the boy with the backpack lays both the bikes
text: down on the side of the street and walks towards the front
text: porch, cutting across the grass.
text: The smaller boy stands near the car, staring at his
text: reflection in the broken driver’s side window. He calls out
text: to the boy with the backpack again, then chases after him up
text: towards the house.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - DAY
text: The boy with the backpack picks up a champagne cork as they
text: walk along the sidewalk to the porch. The smaller boy laughs
text: nervously as they get closer.
dialog: 3.
text: The boy with the backpack does not take his eyes off what is
text: left of the front door
text: Several pieces of wood lie at their feet as they stand under
text: the eave of the house. The boy with the backpack nudges his
text: friend towards the door, but neither one walks inside.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Hello?
text: Their bikes remain on the street.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.O.)
text: A lot of blood. In several rooms.
dialog: We have some usable prints. We
dialog: need to get some people out into
dialog: the yard. We have to go out into
dialog: the field.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Dark shadows still surround most of the living room ahead of
text: them as the boys make their way down the front hall. The
text: smashed pieces of a fire alarm lie on the ground near the
text: entry way.
text: Inaudible beneath the sound of the music, the boys call out
text: as they walk through the darkened room, the pamphlets hang at
text: the younger boys’ side.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0O.)
dialog: (Coughs) No conformation yet on
dialog: names. We’re working on it. We’ll
dialog: be here all night. This is bad.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: The boys walk through the living room as the music grows
text: louder. No one responds to their calls.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - DAY
text: A record spins on an old worn out player. The needle is
text: close to the end as the volume steadily rises.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0O.)
dialog: That’s all we got right now. Let’s
dialog: go. Turn this thing off.
text: The record slows and then stops leaving only the sound of
text: static as the needle rides the edges before stopping.
text: The house is completely quiet.
text: One of the boys screams.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: KRISTEN MCKAY WAS BORN ON AUGUST 26TH,
dialog: 1977.
text: JAMES HOTOPP WAS BORN ON OCTOBER 12TH,
dialog: 1975.
scene_heading: ON THE NIGHT OF FEBRUARY 1ST, 2004,
text: THEY ATTENDED THE WEDDING AND
scene_heading: RECEPTION OF KRISTEN’S COLLEGE
scene_heading: ROOMMATE ELIZABETH BROOKHART BETWEEN
text: THE HOURS OF 5:30PM - 3:00AM. AFTER
text: SAYING THEIR GOOD-BYES, THEY RETURNED
text: TO THE SUMMER HOME OF PRESTON AND MARY
scene_heading: BETH HOTOPP, JAMES’ PARENTS.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: The doorway is dark as JAMES and KRISTEN walk in silently.
text: The bags and the cramped hallway make for a less than
text: graceful transition inside the house. They are tired and
dialog: angry.
text: James walks ahead carrying the luggage. Kristen stands at
text: the doorway finishing a cigarette in the warm light of the
text: porch. She wipes tears from her face.
text: They are still dressed from this evening’s wedding, but both
text: look as if they have seen a battlefield. The stains of red
text: wine cover Kristen’s skin. James’s white shirt is now more
text: pink than anything else. One of his hands is scraped away at
text: the knuckles. There is a small bit of blood.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: It is dark inside as James walks around the huge living room.
text: He bumps into random pieces of furniture while he navigates
text: his way around the crowded space in the shadows.
text: He tosses the bags down in disgust as he searches for a lamp.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: Kristen flicks her cigarette into the grass and closes the
text: door, blocking out the little light that was shining into the
text: house, leaving them in total darkness.
text: James slams into the corner of a table.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you.
text: Kristen’s high heels make their way over the tiled entry hall
text: and onto the hardwood floors of the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: The sarcasm hangs in the air from both their voices as James
text: finally gets a lamp on.
text: Kristen watches James’ movements as he walks around flipping
text: on switches with disgust. Her face reacts to what she sees
text: being illuminated in front of her. Each pool of light
text: reveals more of the surprise James had planned for her that
dialog: night.
text: There are two place settings surrounded by candles on the
text: dining room table. A bottle of champagne chills in an ice
text: bucket. Many bright flower petals are scattered across the
dialog: couch.
text: With each flick of a switch, James attempts to remain
text: emotionless, but his hands tremble as he works.
text: Kristen reaches for support, accidentally leaning back
text: against the piano keys. An abrupt burst of sound from the
text: piano causes her to jump. Without trying to restrain
text: herself, tears flow down her wine stained face.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - NIGHT
text: James turns on the light in the parlor and the record player
text: starts up. There is a second of static and then the chords
text: of an old country song slowly come up to speed. This hurts
text: Kristen even more.
text: James is caught off guard by these breaks from the silence
text: and he moves to shut down the record player, but he pauses
text: for a second and they both listen to the familiar song.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: When did you do all this?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Today. When you were with the
dialog: girls. Mike came down with me this
dialog: morning. You were gone a long
dialog: time.
text: His back is turned to her. He watches the record swivel
text: around in circles.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen bends down and begins digging through one of her
text: bags. She cannot find what she is looking for. Her
text: movements are rushed, her hands violent.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What is it? What do you need?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I wanna take a bath. Where are my
dialog: things?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I brought everything, all your
text: stuff. It’s in the back.
text: She looks up at him and this time he looks back at her.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m sorry. I just thought you
dialog: forgot them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - NIGHT
text: James turns back to the record player for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Then, he walks over to the dining room and takes out a small
text: ring box from his coat pocket, placing it on the table.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Come on.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: He walks past her without a look in her direction and she
text: follows him towards the light pouring from underneath the
text: door at the end of the hall.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: When James opens the door, more of his preparation for their
text: romantic evening is revealed. More rose petals cover the
text: bed, and what seems like a million or more candles wait to be
text: lit around them.
text: He flips on the bathroom light and grabs another champagne
text: bottle from near the bed. As he crosses back towards the
text: door, he slowly brushes past Kristen. For a second, they
text: stand close to each other, then he moves to the door.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You can have this room. I’11 get
dialog: set up out there. I don’t know
dialog: about the tub. I put roses in
dialog: there too. We didn’t know if they
dialog: can go in first.
text: Kristen almost wants to laugh, but she doesn’t.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t know, either.
text: He goes to leave, but turns back.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Come here. Let me get this.
dialog: 8.
text: He reaches over and touches her back, unzipping her dress for
text: her. She pulls it off with the ease of someone who has
text: undressed in front of a person hundreds of times before.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Thank you.
text: He leaves her standing near the doorway.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: I’1l turn the heater on.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It’s okay. I know you hate it when
dialog: it’s hot.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s alright.
text: He walks away.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen runs a bath, sitting on the edge of the tub while she
text: takes off her jewelry. The water is rusty, and she watches
text: it mix with the red rose petals for a few seconds before it
text: becomes clear.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: James walks outside holding the champagne bottle. After a
text: few seconds, he pops the cork and takes a long drink and then
text: sets the bottle down on the sidewalk near the door
text: In the quiet distance, the sound of knocking floats in the
text: air past the trees. The noise is faint but it stands out on
text: the empty country road.
text: He walks over to his car and opens the trunk, grabbing a 12
text: pack and a bag of ice.
text: On the way back, he sings one of the songs from the record
text: and kicks the champagne into the grass on his way to the
text: door. The bubbly liquid drizzles out into the ground.
text: The knocking has stopped. It is silent once again.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - NIGHT
text: The record has played through and now the static pops as a
text: reminder it needs to be turned over. James lifts the needle
text: off and places it on the stand. The house is quiet.
text: He can hear the clinking of the wind chimes that hang on the
text: back porch just beyond the windows.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: James walks over to the dining room and flips off the
text: overhead light. In the darkness he grabs a book of matches,
text: lighting the candles he had set out before. He picks up the
text: ring and sits down at the head of the table. He holds a
text: carton of ice cream and a spoon. Alone in his tuxedo he
text: sits, eating the ice cream straight from the box.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen stands in front of the mirror looking at her face.
text: Her eyes are red and puffy. A layer of mascara surrounds
text: them. She drops the towel and slowly places the dress back
text: on. This time, she zips it herself.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen walks out into the living room.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James?
text: She sees him and walks in, grabbing the second bottle of
dialog: champagne.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: She sits down next to him unwrapping the foil from the top of
text: the bottle.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It’s nice.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Do you want to make a toast?
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: No.
text: The cork pops over the table. The excess pouring onto the
text: dress she has put back on.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I put your clothes in there. In
text: the dresser by the door.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I wanted to wear this. I only get
dialog: to wear it tonight. It makes me
dialog: feel pretty.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You are pretty.
text: She pulls her still damp hair up. Holding it with a rubber
text: band from around her wrist.
text: James stares down at the ice cream. The light from the
text: candles dances across his face.
text: She takes a long drink from the bottle and sits it down.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You didn’t do anything. You didn’t
dialog: do anything wrong.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: It doesn’t feel like that.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t know what you want me to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What do we do now? Where do we go
dialog: from here?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You should.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Why?
dialog: 11.
text: Kristen scans the room tapping the cigarettes she holds in
text: her hand against her knee. James takes a bite of ice cream
text: as his eyes watch the pack move up and down on her skin.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You can smoke if you want.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Your dad won’t get mad?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: I don’t care. He won’t after this.
text: She lights one and James gets up and grabs a saucer from the
text: kitchen. He slides it over to her side of the table.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I love you, okay?
text: He starts to speak, but catches himself.
text: They both take a second. James puts the spoon on the table.
text: He pushes the ring over to her.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t want it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You should take it. I can’t keep
dialog: it. I can’t take it back.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Yes you can...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: no, I can’t.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Oh...
text: The rings sits on the table between them.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: I didn’t want this. That’s all I’m
dialog: saying. I was happy two hours ago.
text: James closes the lid of the ice cream, leaving it on the
text: table. He picks up the ring again. For a moment, they just
text: watch each other. James stares at her wavering eyes.
dialog: 12.
text: He opens the case and looks down at the ring. Then, he puts
text: it back on the table and stands up. Kristen reaches out and
text: grabs his hands as he walks past her towards the record
text: player. She lets his hands slip through hers as he moves
text: away from her.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: This is so embarrassing.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m sorry!
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - NIGHT
text: He slides his rented shoes across the dusty floor and stares
text: at the candle clumsily placed on the record player earlier
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I honestly was gonna ask before
dialog: your mom died. That’s funny
dialog: somehow .
text: He flips through the records he had laid out from the large
dialog: collection.
text: After a few seconds, he puts on his selection and from the
text: speakers comes a song they both obliviously know.
text: Kristen gets up and both of them stand close to each other
text: His hand slowly comes around behind her, starting on her ass
text: and moving up her back. They seem awkward at first.
text: The tension between them still hangs in the air, but
text: gradually it begins to fade.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The song does not seem right to dance to. It is too slow, a
text: folk country song, but as her small arms wrap around his neck
text: they begin to move slowly in a circle.
text: It is dark where they stand, between the rooms. Her bare
text: feet rest slightly on top of his shiny rented shoes.
dialog: 13.
text: Eventually, they move in place, rocking back and forth
text: without turning.
text: James and Kristen stop dancing all together and instead just
text: hug as the song comes to a stop. For a few seconds, the only
text: sound comes from the rustling of their clothes; his hands
text: sliding down her dress, her small hands coming up his back
text: then squeezing his neck.
text: Another slow song follows and without any effort at all
text: James pulls Kristen up on his hips and slides her onto the
text: table. Her dress rises up over her thighs as she unbuckles
text: his pants.
text: They have not kissed. His face is buried inside her neck.
text: Then, they both pause for a brief second before she moans
text: lightly and one of her legs dangles to the side.
text: He leans her back further against the table. One of the
text: unused place settings slides over against the candle.
text: Outside, the wind chimes rattle softly against each other
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - LATER
text: A loud knock on the front door echoes through the house.
text: The sound snaps the couple out of their trance and James
text: breaks their embrace. He quickly buttons his pants as
text: Kristen pushes herself off the table, pulling her dress down
text: over her thighs. James tosses her underwear behind the
dialog: couch.
text: They both take a second to calm their rapid breathing. James
text: pulls his shirt all the way out and straightens his jacket
text: while Kristen uncomfortably searches for somewhere to look.
text: James laughs to himself to break the tension that hangs
text: between them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who is that?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: He walks into the light of the living room and Kristen
text: follows him.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: It’s like three in the morning.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t know. Be careful.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: James opens the door and a YOUNG WOMAN stands, shivering.
text: She is in her 20’s but in the right light, she could be 15.
text: He looks up and down the street and sees nothing but
text: darkness. He rubs his arms for warmth and looks her up and
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: It’s cold.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Is Tamara here?
text: He looks at her, puzzled. Her face moves in and out of the
text: darkness.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No, no. Wrong house.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah. I’m sorry.
text: She shifts her attention to Kristen briefly.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: You look pretty.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Yeah?
text: Kristen laughs uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Sorry, thank you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are you lost?
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: No, I’m okay. See ya later.
text: She turns and walks out onto the grass towards the road, away
text: from the glow of the porch and the street lights that still
dialog: shine.
text: For a moment, James and Kristen stand staring after her into
text: the darkness.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: That was weird.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: People get lost out here. Should I
dialog: go get her?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: She said she was fine. She didn’t
text: seem scared or worried or anything.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Where’d she go?
text: The street is empty.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: I can still hear her steps on the
dialog: road. Listen. She’s fine.
text: James shuts the door slowly, still looking out towards the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The moment is lost from before and as they return to the
text: living room, both seem confused as to what to do now.
text: Kristen gradually moves back to the dining room to grab her
dialog: cigarettes.
text: She looks down at the empty pack sitting on the table.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m out of cigarettes.
text: James walks in behind her. He stares at the records.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’1l go get some more.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: That’s not what I meant. You don’t
dialog: have to.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know, but I need to get out of
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It’s okay. I’1l just go to sleep.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No you won't.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’ll try.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s okay. I really need to drive
dialog: for a while. Are you gonna be
dialog: alright here?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Yeah...Yeah it’s fine. Thank you.
text: He grabs his keys off the table, but pauses for moment.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let me light you a fire.
text: He pulls some dusty wood from a stand near the couch. It
text: takes a second, the fireplace door jams and he pulls it open
dialog: roughly.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: I was thinking, when you were
dialog: taking a bath. I want you to take
dialog: the car back tomorrow. This is
text: awkward enough as it is.
text: Kristen nods her head, watching him work.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: A road trip might kill us both.
dialog: I’1l fly back. We’re not gonna
dialog: decide anything on I-35, you know?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 17.
text: They both watch as the fire builds, eventually grabbing hold
text: of the old wood.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: I'll be back. If you want we can
dialog: talk more...or not.
text: He walks towards the front door as the wood cracks in the
text: heat. He does not look back at her as he speaks.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: I love you. Okay?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I love you, too.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’m really sorry.
text: He leans against the door frame to the hallway, his keys
text: rattling in his hand.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Did you talk to Mike?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No. You know he’s gonna be pissed
dialog: at you. He hates this kinda shit.
text: He motions to the room, scooping up a pile of rose petals
text: near the door. Then, he leaves her.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: She pauses at the foot of the table, opening the small black
text: box and pulling out the ring. It is nice but nothing
text: extravagant.
text: She slides it on her finger but it does not fit. She laughs
text: to herself. She picks up one of the cloth napkins from the
text: table and blows her nose.
text: Then, she tries to pull the undersized ring off, but
text: reconsiders and pushes and twists until finally, the band
text: slips on.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - NIGHT
text: Kristen moves over to the record player. She scans through
dialog: the albums James had picked out and then to the others,
text: finding a different selection.
text: She places it on the turntable and drops the needle. After a
text: few seconds, a voice comes from the speakers and she heads
text: into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: She stumbles a little from the champagne then steadies
text: herself on the counter. Her hands dig into the sink, fishing
text: through the ice that James had grabbed earlier from the car
text: until she finds a beer
text: She twists open the bottle and leans against the counter
text: absently tossing away the cap.
text: A knock comes again from the front door. She pauses,
text: listening past the record. Two more knocks, then a third.
text: She puts down her beer and walks towards the entry way.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: She stands in front of the wooden door, listening outside.
text: Her hand squeezes the door knob, but she does not open it.
text: Wind squeaks through the cracks, at times making it hard to
text: hear the voice coming through.
text: Another knock, this one lighter than the others.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Is Tamara here?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Is Tamara here?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You already came by here.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Yes. Are you’re okay?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Are you still out there? Are you
dialog: lost?
text: She presses her ear against the wood. She can barely make
text: out light footsteps as they walk away from the porch, moving
text: from the concrete onto the grass.
text: She waits until they are completely gone and turns to walk
text: back into the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The record plays from the parlor and she seems caught between
text: the sound inside the house and the silence outside of it.
text: She wanders quietly between the spaces within the house.
text: A sound comes from the backyard that seems like a piece of
text: patio furniture moving against the concrete.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kristen pauses before taking a pull from her beer, holding it
text: just beneath her lips. She does not react strongly, her
text: shoulders tighten, but it is barely noticeable. After a few
text: seconds, Kristen’s face relaxes and she takes a sip of beer.
text: She walks over to her bags in the living room and digs
text: through all of them, searching.
text: With a momentary smile, she finds what she is looking for, a
text: cigarette pack with one remaining. She walks back over to
text: the dining room table and uses one of James’ matches.
text: There is a break between songs and she can hear the wind
text: chimes outside the back window blowing in the breeze.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: She moves over to the couch and sits down, blowing a cloud of
text: smoke into the air.
text: She takes another drag and watches the smoke pour over her
text: face before realizing that there is way too much in the room
text: for one cigarette. The vent is closed on the fireplace.
text: Kristen tries to open the vent, but it is jammed. It is hard
text: for her to grab leverage in her dress as she has to climb up
text: on the firewood in her bare feet to get high enough to drop
text: the handle.
text: Just as she succeeds, the smoke alarm in the entry hall goes
text: off, producing an ear splitting ring that almost causes her
dialog: to fall.
text: She races to find a chair to reach the buzzing bomb on the
text: ceiling. Her fingertips are just barely able to hit the
text: button, but the sound continues. Finally, she pulls it off
text: the wall and removes the battery.
text: As she steps off the chair, again, she hears a knock from the
text: door. She turns and scans the room behind her, her eyes fall
text: on the back door.
text: Again she hears a knock.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen sits down on the chair in front of the entry way,
text: listening. She can hear a hand sliding up and down the
text: wooden door.
text: She rests on the chair, her knees rocking the four legs back
text: and forth on the hard wood floors. After a couple more
text: knocks on the door, it stops, and then nothing.
text: The record is finished.
text: The only sound comes from her rocking back and forth as the
text: hardwood floors creak beneath her.
text: Outside, the wind chimes tap against each other near the
text: windows.
text: Kristen stands up and digs through her bags by the door
text: eventually finding her cell phone. She pushes the power
text: button and it immediately beeps and shuts back off again.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Fuck.
text: She pushes the power button again; a beep, then it turns
text: itself off.
text: After trying unsuccessfully to get it to work she unzips her
text: bags and dumps most of their contents onto the ground below
text: her. She digs through the folded skirts, her bras and
text: underwear until she finds it. Her cell phone charger
text: Slamming it into the outlet on the wall near the fireplace
text: Kristen frantically plugs in her phone, then moves for the
text: kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: She picks up the receiver off the old rotary phone on the
text: counter before realizing that it is more a prop than anything
text: else. There is no cord connecting it to the wall. The wall
text: jack is taped over.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen walks back into the living room, past the dead smoke
text: alarm lying on the floor next to the wooden chair and goes
text: into the bedroom. She stops and stares at the dark doorway.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Under a pile of rose petals on the night stand, she finds a
text: cordless phone.
text: She picks it up and gets a dial tone. She gets up on the bed
text: to reach the windows above it. She pulls back the curtains
text: slightly with one hand, as the other dials the phone quickly.
text: She calls James as she studies the front yard.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Where are you?
text: She climbs down from the bed and heads out of the room,
text: peeking down the hall. All is quiet.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: It’s nothing. It’s just weird.
dialog: That girl came back. Tamara?
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: She walks into the hallway on the tips of her toes, each step
text: slower than the last. The warm light from the living room
text: wraps around her as her eyes dart back and forth scanning the
dialog: space.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The candles still glow, casting shadows on the empty walls.
text: She digs through the ashtray as she listens. She wipes away
text: the ashes from her hands on her dress before salvaging a few
text: drags left on one of her cigarettes.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: She just kept knocking. I heard
text: her voice. No, I didn’t open the
dialog: door. ‘Cause I didn’t want to.
text: Outside, the wind chimes strike softly together in the
text: breeze. As she listens to the other line she stares at the
text: windows.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: How much longer till you get back?
dialog: No, I’m fine. It’s just weird.
dialog: I’m charging it right now. Okay.
dialog: Just come back soon. Okay. Bye.
dialog: James...?
text: She sets the phone down on the table. The house is still.
text: Kristen’s breath is the loudest thing in the room.
text: The candles flicker on the table as she stands in silence.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY) - NIGHT
text: By the entry way, the chair sits with the alarm on top of it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Kristen walks back into the kitchen and grabs another beer.
text: For more than a minute, she stands with her back to the
text: window, leaning against the counter and nursing her beer.
text: She slides her bare feet back and forth across the tile floor
text: as she drinks.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: Across the room, near the front door and the chair, a MAN
text: watches her. He is tall and slender. He wears a grey suit
text: and a mask. It is a smiley face, like the buttons from the
text: seventies, but the mask is white and the smile is a bit out
dialog: of place.
text: He watches her drink but she never turns his way. His mask
text: seems to flow in and out of the light of the room as he rocks
text: back and forth. The pale white plastic seems to glow in the
text: warmth of the lamps and fire and then just as quickly fades
text: to gray then black.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Kristen is oblivious to his presence. Then, he is gone out
text: the front door. It closes with a loud thud breaking Kristen
text: of her trance.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James?
text: There is only silence. She looks around the kitchen.
text: Quietly, she begins opening drawers one by one until she
text: finds the utensils. She pulls out a butcher knife half the
text: size of her frail arm and turns around to face the empty
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen walks over to the candlelit table and picks up the
text: phone. Lifting it to her ear, we hear the familiar beep of
text: the cordless and then nothing. She laughs to herself and
text: again the beep sounds.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Hello?
text: She dials the numbers.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Hello? Hello?
dialog: Nothing.
text: She quietly sets the phone down near her ashtray and the
text: remainder of James’ melting ice cream.
dialog: 24.
text: Again, she hears a knocking on the door. Her head whips in
text: the direction of the noise. She picks up the phone and tries
text: it again. It is dead.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen walks to the living room and this time, as she passes
text: the chair, she looks down at the alarm resting in the middle
dialog: of the seat.
text: The knock on the door does not register on her face. Fora
text: few seconds, she just stares at the piece of plastic that she
text: took from the ceiling and placed on the floor
text: Without looking up, she moves towards the wall where only
text: minutes ago she had plugged in her phone. The outlet is
text: empty. The phone is gone.
text: Kristen backs away from the wall, then dives towards it,
text: feeling for the phone behind her bag and in the scattered
text: clothes that lay on top of it.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: This isn’t happening.
text: Out of the pile she pulls out a pair of running shoes. She
text: moves over by the fire and starts to untie the laces, but she
text: keeps her eyes locked on the chair and beyond it to the door.
dialog: Silence.
text: Outside, she can hear the wind chimes softly bump together
text: against the wind. The fireplace crackles behind her back.
text: Two knocks on the door. The cordless phone slips off the
text: couch and, with a loud bang, hits the floor. Kristen’s eyes
text: dart back and forth between the phone and the door in front
text: of her. She whispers to herself.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Oh my god.
text: She grips the knife in her hand. The blade shines in the
text: light from the fire. Her feet remain bare.
text: The wind chimes strike again, but this time they are much
text: louder; a crash of medal rods slamming together and then
text: silence. Then, gradually they begin to clang together again.
dialog: 25.
text: Kristen’s eyes wander throughout the house behind her and
text: into the dining room. Eventually, they rest on the curtains
text: over the window to the wind chimes.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Slowly, she gets up, leaving the phone and her shoes on the
text: ground and walks over to the waving light of the candles.
text: he holds the knife at her side and stares directly ahead
text: ast the table, at the curtains.
text: he walks on her tip toes past the ice cream and the ring
text: ase and with her free hand, begins to feel around the wall
text: ehind the curtain until she flips on the porch light.
text: he very slightly jumps when she hears the sound of a chair
text: umped across the concrete, and then silence. She timidly
text: eeks through the crack where the two sides of the curtain
text: eet. The knife shakes at her side.
speaker_heading: Buon Ton DMN
text: risten looks back over her shoulder at the entry way, but
text: here is no knocking. Her hand slides up and down the edge
text: f the curtain. The wind chimes are only a couple of feet
speaker_heading: @Boctxrn
dialog: =
dialog: sy
dialog: <
text: he leans back, throwing the curtain all the way open. Then,
text: he sees him.
dialog: nn
text: t is brighter outside than in the room, and for a moment,
text: he glare is confusing to her, but the outline of his mask is
text: lear. She can see the smile. The man stands still, his
text: nly movement a slight rocking on the balls of his feet as he
text: tares back into the window.
speaker_heading: HNOOct+H
text: hen, he touches the glass.
text: risten screams, her cry full of dread and fear. She runs
text: owards the front door. As she passes the record player it
text: lams to life, catching on the song from before. The same
text: hrase begins repeating over and over in the quiet room.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HO BDHAAX dA
text: he races down the hallway to the entry way towards the front
text: door, and the music, the skipping voice, seems to follow her
scene_heading: INT. DOORWAY - NIGHT
text: Kristen opens the large wooden door, but before she walks
text: out, she stops and looks into the blackness of the
text: surrounding area. It is eerily calm outside. James is still
text: not home. The empty street is completely deserted.
dialog: 26.
text: She is confused. She hides behind the door, looking over her
text: shoulder, back towards the living room, and then forward
text: again to the outside.
text: She hears a slight movement from the yard but when she looks
text: out she sees nothing.
text: She thrusts the door forward but then pushes it open again as
text: she tries to get away from the voice of the record player
text: behind her. She stares out into the darkness, her eyes
text: trying to see into the night.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Hello?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Shut the door!
text: This time, Kristen slams it closed and hears the champagne
text: bottle James had left earlier burst against the wood. Again
text: she is surrounded by the skipping record, still blaring from
text: the other room.
text: he twists the door handle until it won’t turn any farther.
text: he door creeks open and she peeks outside again.
text: he can see the legs of the girl from before. Her eyes raise
text: igher and higher to where her face would be. There is just
text: crack, a small space to see outside and for a second
text: risten can’t see anything at all.
text: hen she sees the white plastic. The red painted lips.
text: risten slams the door when she comes to the doll like eyes.
text: he face seems familiar, like a cartoon. Strawberry
dialog: hortcake.
text: he falls to the ground, pushing against the door with all
text: er might as the rug she is using for leverage slips away on
text: he tile floor.
dialog: ran HAAS AvaaTwn An
text: She slides up against the side wall and moves towards the
text: living room, knocking over the chair and the fire alarm.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: She runs towards the living room, then to the parlor stopping
text: in front of the record player, knocking the needle off the
text: record. The house grows quiet.
dialog: 27.
text: She runs to the window, swinging the knife around towards the
text: empty room, the windows, and the door. She waits.
text: Suddenly, there is a knock on the door and Kristen screams.
text: Without thinking, she breaks for the back hallway and the
dialog: bedrooms.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: She runs into the room and collapses near the night stand,
text: trying to force herself under the bed. She turns back
text: searching the hallway behind her for movement. Then she
text: pushes her body against the bed.
text: James’ candles fall on top of her from the night stand.
text: Outside, she hears screaming, it sounds like someone is being
text: murdered outside the window, and then it is silent.
speaker_heading: WOMEN (0.S.)
dialog: Pretty Girl...Pretty Girl....Pretty
dialog: Girl.
text: Fingers begin tapping on the window. Fingernails scrape
text: across the glass.
text: Kristen cannot squeeze under the bed and as she tries, her
text: dress tears down the side.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Ssh, Ssh.
text: The glass stops vibrating.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: We know where you are.
text: Kristen reaches up and pulls the lamp down from the table.
text: It sits at her feet as she tries to turn off the light but
text: there is no switch. She cuts into the shade needlessly with
text: the knife until finally she reaches in and breaks the bulb
text: with her hand. The room grows dark except for the light from
text: the hallway.
text: Outside the window, she can hear the voices whispering and
text: then silence.
text: There are knocks on the front door, once, then again. Then
text: there is banging over and over, while Kristen starts moaning
text: to herself, pushing the knife out in front of her body.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Who is it?
text: Kristen stares at the window, then towards the knocking.
text: Then it stops.
text: She sits on the floor, her hands bleeding as she squeezes the
text: knife unconsciously. She stares at the hallway and begins
text: crawling towards it, the sound of crunching glass beneath her
text: knees.
text: She hears a door open from the living room and freezes. She
text: holds her breath as she listens to the movement in the other
text: room. Her eyes are wide and she grips the knife even
text: tighter. Her knuckles go white as her hand shakes
text: sporadically.
text: The record player turns on again. This time there is no
text: skip. Kristen inches forward shooting glances at the window
text: and the hallway.
text: The glass crackles under her legs.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Kristen!
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Jimmy! Jimmy! Come here!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: She calls out in a scream whisper. Too afraid to commit one
text: way or the other. She pulls her legs over the old wood into
text: the hallway as more and more of the living room comes into
dialog: view.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: James comes out holding the broken top of the champagne
text: bottle and a plastic sack from the store. He sees Kristen on
text: the ground and the bottle falls from his hands. The back
text: door swings open through the curtain. The noise causes him
text: to turn and look.
text: He focuses back on Kristen, confused by her appearance.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What are you...
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: . There is someone out there.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What are you talking ab...
text: Kristen crawls over to him, grabbing desperately onto his
text: jacket. He sees the blood on her hands and on the floor and
text: suddenly, his eyes are as wide as hers.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: ...Shut up! Shut up! Come on.
text: She pulls him toward the bedroom, trying to get him to follow
text: her. He turns and goes with her, taking the knife from her
text: bleeding hand. She sees the back door open and screams.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Baby.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: They’re in here!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Kristen.
text: James has to pick her up, unsure as to what direction she now
dialog: wants to go.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: They rush into the bedroom and James sits her on the bed. He
text: picks up the lamp and sets it on the table.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t know. The girl. She
dialog: wouldn’t stop knocking. There’s
dialog: somebody out there. I don’t know
dialog: what happened.
text: He leans down to her, wiping away the blood from her dress.
text: She pushes past him and slams the door. She tries to lock
text: it, and then grabs a chair and attempts to lodge it in the
text: handle. The chair is too small.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: They might be in the house. Help
dialog: me.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s okay. Stop. Stop! How do
dialog: you know there’s somebody out
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I saw them!
text: James stands up and walks towards the window. He looks
text: outside the curtains but sees nothing.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s probably kids. You saw that
dialog: girl. She couldn’t have been more
dialog: than 15.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It was aman. I saw aman. At the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You saw him?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: He was wearing a mask.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Wait...
text: Kristen freezes, James’ body tightens.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What is it?!
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Be quiet. I see one. A girl.
dialog: She’s out there by the fence. You
text: can see her outline. Look.
text: Outside, at the far end of the yard, a girl stands next to
text: the fence. It is too dark outside to see her face.
text: Kristen rises from the bed and stands next to James at the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: What is she doing?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: She’s watching us.
dialog: 31.
text: Kristen walks away. She lays back on the bed. James stays
text: at the window, staring out.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: She’s just standing there. She
dialog: knows I can see her.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James. You can’t see the mask.
text: She’s wearing a goddamn mask.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: She looks like a ghost.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Don’t be stupid. This is real.
dialog: I’m not scared of fucking ghosts.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Maybe I should go and talk with
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: They don’t want to talk.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Jesus, calm down. They want
dialog: something.
text: James reaches inside his pocket. Something is missing.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: I left my phone in the car.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Oh god.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Calm down. You see what you’re
dialog: doing? Stop. I didn’t know. I’m
dialog: gonna go out there and get it.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Come on. This is fucking crazy.
text: He walks to the window.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Where’s she at?
text: He scans back and forth, searching everywhere in his sight
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Where is she at?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: She’s gone.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: Kristen follows him but only to the foot of the door.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Stay here.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: Gimmie the knife back.
text: He goes to hand it to her, but stops.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: In a second.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - NIGHT
text: The front door creeks, sticking slightly on its hinges before
text: James pulls it open. For a second, he pauses, looking around
text: the empty yard.
text: Outside it is quiet, but a slow rumble fills the air.
text: James slowly walks out onto the porch and then pulls the door
text: closed behind him. Kristen’s face grows smaller and smaller
text: behind the crack until it is gone.
text: He can hear the door lock behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: James’ feet splash gently in the puddle left from the
text: champagne bottle and they leave a trail behind him as he
text: walks onto the grass in front of the house.
dialog: 33.
text: His car sits a few feet away. The windows are broken out and
text: the tires are slashed, but the engine purrs. The car is
dialog: running.
text: James’ keys jangle loosely beside him, his ignition key still
text: in his hand.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What?(Whispers)
text: James takes a few steps further out into the yard. He
text: circles in the grass, checking all around him. The knife is
text: extended out in his hand as he points it in all directions at
dialog: once.
text: He walks closer to the car. The engine grows louder as he
text: inches towards it. The headlights shine out onto the wooden
text: fence beside the house.
text: It is hard to see inside. James crouches to his knees as he
text: approaches, staring inside what is left of the side windows.
text: The car is empty.
text: He reaches inside the broken window, feeling around for the
text: ignition. The car is hot wired.
text: He hears laughter from the darkness.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Is Tamara home?
text: The woman calls out from the street. She is standing under a
text: street light, 50 feet away. James turns to her cautiously.
text: He can barely see her in the light. Her face is covered by
text: her hair.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Is Tamara home?
text: James takes a step closer. She laughs.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Get the fuck away from here.
text: In the darkness he can hear laughter again. It is another
text: woman’s voice, somewhere behind him. James searches around,
text: trying to find the source of the sound.
dialog: 34.
text: He turns back to where the woman stood, but she is gone. He
text: can hear footsteps in the grass around him, and then it is
text: silent.
text: The car hums.
scene_heading: INT. PORCH - NIGHT
text: Kristen peeks her head out the door. She sees James.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Go back inside.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Oh my god, James what happened?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Go back inside!
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Go back inside.
text: Kristen screams. James opens the car door and feels around
dialog: the seats.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Kristen, go. I’m gonna find my
dialog: phone.
text: She reluctantly closes the door. James stares at the porch.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Go back inside.
text: He climbs inside the car. The glass cracks underneath the
text: seats from the broken windshield. He searches for his phone,
text: his hands pull back every few seconds when he gets cut by a
text: piece of glass. He stares out in front of the car to the
text: brightly lit fence in front of him. The net from the
text: basketball goal is swinging in the wind.
text: He puts the car in gear and it begins to creak along the
text: pavement. The car rocks back and forth over the loose rubber
text: of the flat tires, but it does not move.
text: James struggles to put the car back in park. He searches
text: again under the seats for his phone. Outside the car he can
text: hear movement on the pavement.
dialog: 35.
text: James panics. He swings the knife out the window as his head
text: ducks down by the gear shift.
text: He yells out to the house. There is no response.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Kristen!
text: Only the sound of the engine.
text: He steps out of the car and leans down, honking the horn.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Go back inside!
text: He turns around but no one is there.
text: He honks again, but keeps his eyes focused on the shadows,
text: scanning the empty yard. He looks back to the street where
text: the girl had been standing.
text: James honks the horn one last time. Turning his attention
text: back to the road, he walks towards the street light.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The gravel under his feet crackles as he makes his way
text: towards the pool of light.
text: He turns back to the porch every few steps to see if anyone
text: has come close to the door. Then, he shoots a glance towards
text: the car.
text: Finally, he reaches the street light.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let me see you!
text: Nothing. James holds the knife up in he air like a trophy.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: What do you want?
text: The car idles.
text: James looks down the long road towards the highway. It is at
text: least a mile.
text: James walks across the yard towards the front porch. This
text: time the door is unlocked.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: Inside, the room is full of music. James is on edge as he
text: walks towards the living room, the knife extended out in
text: front of him.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Kristen!
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - NIGHT
text: Kristen sits next to the record player, her knees pulled up
text: to her chest.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I wanted to hear music. Baby, I’m
text: so scared.
text: James drops the knife to his side, relaxing.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I want you to get your things. Put
dialog: your shoes on.
text: Kristen lowers her eyes. She stares out to the dining room.
text: It is quiet. The candles flicker.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: They cut the phone lines.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What? But, you called me?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: They cut the phones after.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It just happened. All of it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Where’s your phone.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: They took it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are you fucking kidding me?
text: He reaches over her ripping the needle off the record.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: We have to get out of here!
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: We can’t go.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: The car works.
text: Outside, the horn honks and the couple both freeze, staring
text: towards the wall.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: That’s what they want. Do you hear
dialog: that? They’re waiting.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don’t give a good goddamn what
dialog: they want.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: James walks over and checks the back door behind him. His
text: hands are shaking. He stares down to them while his back is
dialog: turned to Kristen.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let’s just go.
text: She nods her head.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - NIGHT
text: The door opens and in an instant the honking stops. James
text: and Kristen run out towards the car, James swinging the knife
text: in all directions in the darkness.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: James reaches the driver’s side and Kristen the passenger.
text: He throws the car in reverse and instantly the car lunges
text: backwards, slowly moving towards the road. Kristen searches
text: in each direction, looking for signs of the strangers. The
text: metal rims squeal on the concrete driveway.
text: Then, she sees the headlights on the road.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James. Look.
text: An old pickup truck speeds towards them as James continues to
text: try and force the car backwards.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: James. Honk the horn, get their
dialog: attention.
text: He sounds out the horn into the night again as the truck gets
text: closer and closer to the house.
text: It slows to a stop in front of the driveway, then turns
text: towards them.
text: The back windshield, still unbroken, suddenly fills with
text: light and James throws the car in park.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fucking thank God.
text: He opens his door, but then Kristen sees it. She grips James
text: shoulder and he turns and sees the Man in the Mask standing
text: in the headlights a few feet in front of them.
text: The car is suddenly dark and when Kristen turns around, she
text: can see the driver. She can see another mask
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: Get out of the car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What?
text: James reacts just as the pickup truck slams into their rear.
text: The car is thrust forward, back to its original spot and
text: Kristen and James throw open their doors and run towards the
dialog: house.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Neither the Man in the Mask, nor the driver react. But as
text: James enters the house he can hear the horn of the blue sedan
text: ring out in the night.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen collapses on the ground near their luggage. James
text: falls against the wall. Neither speak, they are out of
dialog: breath.
text: Kristen slides to the plastic bag James brought from the
text: store. She pulls a cigarette from the bag and gets up,
text: moving back into the dinning room, to light it off the
text: candle. Her hands are shaking, blood drips on the table
text: cloth, but she does not notice.
scene_heading: INT. DINNING ROOM - NIGHT
text: James abruptly pulls a napkin from one of the place settings
text: and the silverware slams against the plates he had laid out
text: He grabs her hand softly and wipes away the blood before
text: wrapping the napkin around her wound.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: She wouldn’t stop knocking! I
dialog: should have left, I could have
dialog: warned you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Ssh. This not your fault. Don’t
dialog: think about it.
text: For the next few minutes, there is no action, and for a
text: while, there are no screams, but outside the car keeps
text: honking. Then, it is silent.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: James walks over to the kitchen, bringing back a jug of water
text: from the refrigerator. He pours a glass for Kristen, but he
text: drinks from the gallon himself.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Before, I saw one of them...near
dialog: the highway. When I was going to
dialog: get cigarettes, I saw one.
dialog: 40.
dialog: Not the gi ES Ge oh, She was
text: under one of the street lights as I
text: passed her. It wasn’t the first
text: girl. She was taller. She had a
text: Halloween mask on. Something like
text: a Pin Up girl.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: That was the one driving the truck.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: She was just on the road. I didn’t
dialog: even really see her, you know. She
dialog: waved at me.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen stares at the water in the glass as she thinks about
text: what he has said. A thick haze of smoke rises above their
dialog: heads.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: They’re wearing masks.
text: They sit in silence, the situation sinking in.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: They’re everywhere out there. I
text: could hear them laughing.
text: James says this to himself more than to Kristen. They both
text: sit staring at the walls of the house, listening.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What do they want? Why are they
dialog: doing this to us?
text: James looks out towards the windows. He does not hear her
text: even though she is right in front of him.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: James? Jimmy?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Yes it does.
text: He turns back to her. His eyes piercing her face.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No it doesn’t. Look at me. Not
dialog: tonight. Look at me. Don’t think
dialog: about why, okay. They’re bad. If
text: they come through this door again,
dialog: all I will be thinking about is how
dialog: to get them the fuck out. They’re
dialog: not like you.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: That’s not good enough. That’s not
dialog: a reason.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You don’t need a reason to be
dialog: afraid. They won’t give us a
dialog: reason if they get inside.
text: James puts the bottle between his feet and stands up. At
text: first, it seems like he is on a mission but then he trails
text: off stopping a few feet from the entry way.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What time is it?
text: James does not respond. He stares at the couch.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: What times is it? James?
text: He looks at the back door again.
text: He switches off the two lamps, then walks over to the parlor
text: and the room goes dark
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont‘d)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s my phone.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Where?
text: James walks over to the couch and picks it up. The battery
text: is missing. He turns to Kristen.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: They were in here again.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What are we going to do?
dialog: 42.
text: Kristen stands up, searching all around her. He does not
dialog: answer her.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: They walk side by side down the hallway. Kristen softly tugs
text: at James. He looks up at her
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s alright.
text: He squeezes her hand.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: They enter the room again. Moving along the sides of the
text: wall, as far out of the light as possible. James flips off
text: the ceiling light and they crouch down listening.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: We could climb out. Maybe the
dialog: neighbors?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: No one’s out here after the fall.
text: The whole street is dead. Most
dialog: people don’t even come out here
dialog: anymore.
text: Outside, they can hear the leaves crunching under the
text: strangers’ feet, but they do not speak. Then, just silence.
text: James steals quick glances over the window ledge.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
text: I don’t see them.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Let’s check the other rooms.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: James leads Kristen into the hall. He peeks into the living
text: room. Nothing has changed.
text: Kristen opens the door to another bedroom and calls out to
text: James in a whisper.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I think I saw one. James they’re
text: watching us. They’re out there.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Close the door.
text: He kneels down in the hallway. She closes the door and leans
text: down over him. He wraps his arm around her thigh.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I haven’t heard a dog bark. Ora
text: car pass. They honked the horn for
text: at least a couple of minutes.
dialog: Nothing. Not since we’ve been
text: here. It’s just us and them.
text: She sits down close beside him. James does not let go of her
dialog: leg.
text: They sit in silence listening to the quiet house.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: How’s your hand?
text: She remembers her cuts and distractedly squeezes her homemade
dialog: bandage.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It hurts.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We should get up.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Okay.
text: Neither one of them moves.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Wait. Just for a second. Just sit
dialog: here. Please.
text: She puts her head on James’ shoulder and closes her eyes.
text: James rests his head back on the wall behind them, letting
text: out a long, slow breath.
text: The wind picks up outside. It blows the wind chimes outside
text: the windows.
dialog: 44.
text: After a little while, Kristen’s breath grows deeper as she
text: rests besides James. James stares forward listening to the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL HALLWAY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: James walks back and forth between two rooms. His hands are
text: full of fast-food bags and drinks. He stops himself from
text: knocking on one of the doors. Unsure, he pauses, then
text: presses his ear against the door. He backs away, surveying
text: the two choices again.
text: Then, he knocks on both. Kristen opens the door.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I couldn’t remember which was ours.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You’re a retard.
text: She takes the drinks from him.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Kristen’s painted toes twist on the bathroom mat as she goes
text: to the bathroom. The sink fills with water beside her. She
text: stares into the large mirror beside her. She looks
dialog: beautiful.
text: Her high-heels rest on the ground in front of her.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: James takes out the hamburgers and pours the french fries on
text: top of the bags. The room is dark as the shades block out
text: the bright sunlight from outside. Warm light mixes with the
text: cool of the television.
text: James opens the closet and pulls out the rental bag for his
text: tuxedo. He takes his shirt off and walks over to the
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Kristen stands in front of the mirror touching up her makeup.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.S.)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: He calls through the door.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Yeah. Just a second.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: James walks over to the dresser, pulling open one of the
text: drawers. He shoots a quick glance at the bathroom door
text: again. His hands feel inside before Kristen can walk through
text: the door. When she walks out, he is already on the bed.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Were you waiting?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Thanks. You didn’t have to.
text: They sit down in front of the TV on the edge of the bed.
text: Kristen puts on a robe she brings from the closet.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: They sit and watch television while they eat in silence.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: James stands up and walks over to the window, peeking through
text: a crack.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Can I open them?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s just that it is dark in here.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It’s okay. I don’t care.
dialog: 46.
text: The room fills with bright, almost overwhelming, light.
text: Kristen lays back on the bed. Reaching for her cigarettes.
text: James changes clothes as they listen to the advertisements
text: for PAY PER VIEW.
text: Kristen watches him as he stands in the mirror, slowly
text: turning himself into a gentleman.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Time to get up.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t wanna.
text: She pouts like a little girl.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We gotta.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Fine.
text: She stands up next to him in front of the mirror and drops
text: her robe.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Good enough to eat.
text: Kristen walks away and James slaps her on the ass.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: She does some last minute touch ups in the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - LATE AFTERNOON
text: James makes his way to the dresser again.
text: He opens the drawer and pulls out a small ring case, shoving
text: it in his pocket. Kristen walks in as he straightens the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Are you ready, Freddie?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Last chance to stay and get naked?
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don’t toy with me woman.
text: He turns off the TV, then switches it back on.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: I want to rent this sometime.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Sure.
text: They both look at the mirror one last time. Then James turns
text: and faces her. She straightens his tie.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL HALLWAY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: They walk down the empty hallway. Kristen grabs James’ hand.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK ENDS:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: James touches the side of Kristen’s face but she remains
text: still. His hand moves across her face, her lips, and
text: eventually her breathing changes and she takes a deep gentle
text: gasp. Her eyes flicker for a few seconds until she opens
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Baby.
text: Kristen nods, still out of it.
text: They both stare towards the ceiling. Neither one speaks nor
text: looks in the others’ direction.
text: Kristen reaches over and tugs at James’ hand. He rolls his
text: head over and they lock eyes. For a moment, they seem to
text: communicate without words.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Let’s do it quick.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I have to go too.
dialog: 48.
text: They get up slowly, the weight of their bodies causing loud
text: shifts on the hard wood floors. They crawl towards one of
text: the open doorways.
text: Kristen enters first, James follows, the knife sliding on
text: the ground in front of him.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen does not bother to turn the light on as she
text: approaches the toilet. James sits by the door, guarding it
text: as Kristen finishes.
text: She kneels down by the sink. James does not rush her
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I should have asked you a long time
dialog: ago. It shouldn’t have taken this
dialog: long.
scene_heading: KRISTEN.
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It matters to me. If I hadn’t...1
dialog: was scared. I liked your Mom.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Why did you have to wait? I
dialog: wanted...I needed you to ask me.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You should have told me.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I wish you would have told me.
text: He watches her bare feet slide across the tile. Her toe
text: nails blood red against the smooth white ground.
text: Kristen stares up at the light on the ceiling. The faucet
text: drips once, then again. A spider has made a web above them.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m lying.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What? What do you mean?
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James, I can’t. I don’t want to
dialog: talk about this now.
text: James does not move. He does not say a word. The silence
text: hangs above them. Eventually, Kristen speaks again.
dialog: Kristen’s
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: It was too late. Even then. I
dialog: didn’t think about it until now. I
dialog: didn’t think about it. But I know
dialog: it was.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: That day when my mom...when she
dialog: died. My dad called, remember. It
dialog: was a Saturday. We were going to
dialog: lunch. He called and I went into
dialog: the bedroom and he told me. I
dialog: remember falling to my knees and
dialog: the way the weight felt against my
text: bare skin. It burned. I was
text: kneeling on the ground holding the
text: phone in my right hand and looking
text: at my knees.
text: hand floats in the hair beside her face.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: But for a minute I didn’t call for
dialog: you.
text: She clears her throat. James is still.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: My dad was talking, telling me
dialog: about a plane ticket. I can
dialog: remember the sound of his voice,
dialog: but not the words. You know? Just
text: his voice. I just stared down at my
dialog: knee. You came in after a few more
dialog: seconds and when you put your arms
dialog: around me it felt good.
dialog: But I didn’t need it the way I
dialog: thought I would. I didn’t call for
dialog: you. The way I thought should.
dialog: 50.
text: James stares down the hallway. Then he locks eyes with
dialog: Kristen.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: I don’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Neither do I.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: On the roof above them, they hear a footstep. At first, it
text: almost sounds like thunder, but then as the second and third
text: rattle the ceiling, the sound becomes clear to them both.
text: Kristen joins James in standing, as they both gape at the
text: ceiling. Their eyes follow the footsteps as someone walks
text: across the top of the house.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: How many are up there?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: It could be one. I don’t know.
dialog: Maybe two.
text: A loud pounding begins to rumble on the roof. James ducks
text: his head without thinking. It seems right above them.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: What do they want us to do?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James, I don’t want to wait for
text: them to come through that door.
dialog: I’m scared.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: It’1l be bright outside soon.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: No, it won’t. We have at least an
dialog: hour. They know that.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We could go for the car? Try and
dialog: make it down the road. It might be
dialog: our only chance.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What if it’s not?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Then we’re going to die in here.
dialog: Or there. Or maybe they’1l go
text: away. Or maybe they won’t. But
dialog: this way we have a chance to get
dialog: out.
text: Above them the footsteps rain down like a hail storm.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: We have to try. Can you run?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I can make it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We just have to go. Whatever
dialog: happens, listen to me, just go.
text: She nods her head and they walk into the living room.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: Then they move down the dark hall towards the door. James
text: cracks it open and looks outside. He can hear the engine
text: running but the car is out of view.
text: He closes the door softly and whispers to Kristen.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: I don’t know if they’re out there.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: We should try.
text: James’ hand rests on the door handle. With a gentle nudge,
text: the door clicks closed.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont‘d)
dialog: James?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: They’ve stopped moving up there.
text: She looks towards the ceiling. The house is eerily quiet.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’m just gonna throw the door open.
dialog: Then, you run.
text: She stares at the ceiling. James turns the knob of the door
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Kristen!
text: She snaps out of her trance and looks towards the door.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Are you ready?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We have to go.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Give me a second. Just wait.
text: Her eyes wander around the house. She moves back towards the
text: living room and searches the walls.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: They want us to come this way.
dialog: They know we’ll try.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Maybe we can make it.
text: She stares past him to the front door, almost looking past
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Does your father have a gun?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: He has to, he, he kills things.
text: She motions to the deer mounted on the wall in the living
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He bought those things. Those
text: heads. They came with the house.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: He has to.
text: She stares at the dead animals.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Not since I was a boy.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Where’d he keep it?
text: James walks past her into the living room.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck, maybe he does.
text: As James looks around at the walls, his tone changes.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Holy shit, we could fucking
dialog: shoot’em.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Think.
text: Again, footsteps pound above them and they both look up at
text: the ceiling.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let’s go to the bedroom. I think
text: he hid it in the bedroom.
text: They both move towards the back bedrooms. James picks the
text: knife up from ground by the front door and casts a few
text: glances over his shoulder as he follows Kristen out of the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: They move down the hall at a snail’s pace, both now holding
text: knives as they walk back into the darkness.
text: The steps on the roof resume, but have become more sporadic.
text: They hit hard and fast, every few seconds, and then they are
dialog: gone.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Broken glass cracks under the weight of James’ rented shoes
text: as he brushes away the shards so that Kristen can walk
text: inside.
text: James opens the folding doors of the closet. Kristen stops
text: him with her hand, motioning around the room.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Listen. They’re talking about us.
dialog: I bet they can see us through the
text: windows.
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - NIGHT
text: He tugs at the cord inside the walk-in closet and the hanging
text: bulb comes to life.
text: James digs through the clothes, pushing back boxes until he
text: finds what he is searching for. He pulls the gun out from
text: behind the clothes and shows it to Kristen like a prize.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s still here. He was gonna sell
dialog: it.
text: Kristen nods, moving over to the door of the room and looking
text: down the hall.
text: James goes back to digging in the bottom of the closet,
text: carelessly knocking things over.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: It is silent inside the house. Kristen looks down the
text: hallway at the overturned chair lying on the ground. The
text: fire alarm still resting beside it.
text: A loud slam rocks the ceiling and she almost lets out a
text: scream, but she catches herself, covering her mouth with her
text: hand. She runs back inside the room and finds James on his
text: knees looking through shoe boxes.
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What was it?
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Nothing. What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He used to hide the bullets. We
dialog: always had to find them.
text: Finally, a pink box made for women’s shoes rattles in James'
dialog: hand.
text: He drops the top and pulls out a pile of remaining shells.
text: He slides the gun into his lap and tries to load it, but he
text: cannot open the barrel.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’ve never used this. I haven't
dialog: even seen a gun in 5 years.
text: There is no sound from the roof above. James sits on his
text: knees holding the shotgun in his lap. Kristen stands behind
text: him. Her hand resting on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t know how to use this.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You said you used to hunt, with
dialog: your dad.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I didn’t. It was just something I
dialog: said. My dad hated
dialog: hunting...killing things.
dialog: I mean, I knew my way around when I
dialog: used to go camping.
text: He squeezes the handle in his hands.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: My friends in college... It was
dialog: just something I said. I just said
dialog: I could, when we would talk.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: At least we have it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: If I fire a shot, maybe they’1l
dialog: just go away.
dialog: 56.
text: James stands up, but his legs seem weak at first until he
text: leans on the wall.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s a gun.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s a gun.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Nothing. Nothing. I’m just tired.
text: They walk out, moving towards the living room, the shells
text: still in James’ hand.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: He kneels in front of the living room trying to open the gun.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: We have to go.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know! Gimmie a second. Wait
text: The first strike against the door sounds like little more
text: than a knock.
text: James and Kristen slam against the wall. Staring at the
text: door.
text: The second blow sends a small piece of wood the size of a
text: roll of quarters past them onto the hard wood floor where it
text: rattles against the couch.
text: With the third crash, James grabs Kristen by the shoulder,
text: and moves her away from the entry way and the front door.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: The door shakes again and again as an axe begins to slice
text: through it. James can see the smiley face in the front porch
text: light as the Man in the Mask winds over and over and strikes
text: the front door.
text: He pauses, staring at James and Kristen, the mask filling the
text: hole. They can hear him breathing through the door.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We have to find something. We have
text: to block the door.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Get away from here! Go away!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Kristen!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: He tosses the gun on the ground and Kristen joins him at the
text: piano as he begins pushing it towards the entry way.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Push as hard as you can.
text: A side table near their bags gets knocked over and James
text: picks it up in one motion and tosses it over the couch. It
text: crashes down through the glass table, but neither one seems
dialog: to notice.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Keep going!
text: The piano scrapes against the wall as the ax slices into the
text: front door.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: We have to get block it!
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: The thick door is torn to shreds by the time they get there.
text: James slams the end of the piano against what is left as the
text: Man in the Mask reaches for the lock.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James!
text: The blade pushes through the door into the piano letting out
text: a loud rumble that vibrates throughout the large instrument
text: James continues to push as the piano slides back and forth
text: between the men. Finally, it stops moving.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: James returns to the living room, almost knocking Kristen
text: down as he grabs an arm chair and throws it towards the entry
dialog: way hall.
text: Again, the piano moans, but this time no sound follows.
text: Kristen watches the hole in the front door, searching for the
text: ghostly smile. James continues to grab random objects,
text: tossing them past her towards the door
text: He picks up the gun and slaps it like a child, trying to get
text: it to work. Kristen moves in close beside him but he does
text: not notice her. He is in a trance like state, his eyes
text: never leaving the door
text: She pulls the gun out of his hands and searches for a switch
text: anything that might make the gun accessible.
text: Finally, with the flip of a knob, the barrel opens and
text: Kristen clumsily shoves two of the shells into the weapon,
text: James turns to her and pulls the gun back into his own hands.
text: He is shaking and Kristen retreats, shocked at his behavior.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: God? What are you doing!?
text: He sticks the remaining shells in his pocket and turns
text: towards the door, tossing one last book towards the doorway.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
text: He’s gone. James he’s gone.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No he’s not.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Stop it.
text: He fires a shot at the hole. Both he and Kristen stumble
text: back from the force of the blast.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Stop it!
text: She fights him momentarily as he tries to throw their bags
text: down the hall. James hits both knees, gasping for air.
text: Kristen falls back against the wall staring at the hole in
text: the door. The gun tumbles out of his hand onto the ground.
text: James glances at the back door.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: This is real. This is real.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Baby...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don’t call me that!
text: For a second his attention comes back to her.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: James kicks the wall.
text: Then he grabs the gun and pushes her towards the back
text: hallway.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck this.
text: He turns and yells towards the door.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Fuck you!
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: James walks around in the dark and begins preparing. With a
text: loud crash, he tosses a book shelf over and the ground is
text: suddenly covered in books, broken picture frames and
dialog: trophies.
text: Kristen climbs over the pile using James’ arm as a guide and
text: they both crouch down behind it. He slides the barrel of the
text: gun back and forth along the shelf until finally resting it
text: to aim directly at the door
dialog: 60.
text: James has grown quiet. He seems distanced as he stares
text: behind the barrel of the gun.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I won’t die here. We’1ll sit here
dialog: till the fucking cops come, or
dialog: whatever. But I won’t fucking die.
text: A grandfather clock sits in the darkness, just beyond the
text: light shining in from the hallway. The sound of ticking
text: overshadows their nervous breathing as they wait for
dialog: something to happen.
text: James opens the barrel, dropping in a shell and loading
text: another one and closes it. He opens and closes it again
dialog: just double checking.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: At first, in the darkness, there are only footsteps and then
text: a soft metallic clink.
text: Under a street light an OLD MAN walks in the early morning.
text: He wears an old fishing cap deep on his brow, his pants hang
text: just above his bright white tennis shoes.
text: He passes by mailboxes and streetlights and then nothing but
text: the open fields between houses. He is half the distance to
text: the house with blue Saturn. This part of the street is still
text: quiet.
text: Every so often, there is the sound of the metal against the
text: old ground. And footsteps.
text: In his hand, he carries a worn down putter. He uses it asa
text: cane, but he does not need one. He is still strong. The
text: metal bounces off the sidewalk every couple of feet or so as
text: he walks, his pace quick and determined.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: James lies on his stomach, his eyes focused on the doorway in
text: front of him.
text: Kristen lies beside him staring at the wall in darkness. The
text: only sound is the grandfather clock ticking in the corner
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James?
text: He doesn’t reply.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The old man is about three houses down when he sees the
text: battered four-door in the parking lot of the house. At
text: first, it is too far to see clearly, but it has caught his
dialog: attention.
text: When he gets to the same street light where the woman had
text: stood, he can hear the car running. He stands under the
text: light staring at the strange sight.
text: In the shadows next to the house, a white mask hovers near
text: the windows. The old man does not see it as he approaches
text: the house slowly. The putter is quiet now, the soft sound
text: blending with the footsteps as he crosses the yard.
text: When he reaches the porch he can still see the footsteps
text: James had left earlier in the grass. He gazes at the car for
text: a few seconds and then reaches over and pushes the doorbell.
text: He curiously investigates the damage on the wood in front of
dialog: him.
text: He stands waiting for a response, but after a few seconds, he
text: walks around the side of the house to the car and the bright
text: head lights.
text: In the bright lights he pauses in front of the hood, the
text: engine still humming.
text: He walks towards the fence and opens it with a slight tug,
text: entering the back yard.
text: The back door is open and he walks in without hesitating.
text: In the field, another mask is watching.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The old man walks past the table, the putter leading the way
text: as the sound vibrates on the hardwood floor. Every few
text: seconds he pauses, staring at the destroyed room.
text: He picks up the phone on the bar and listens to the dead air.
text: Then he pulls a cell phone out of his pocket and holds it at
text: his side.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: James tightens as they listen to the sound of the putter
text: slapping against the ground. Kristen squeezes the leg of
text: James’ pants.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The old man walks past the spot on the floor where James and
text: Kristen were a few minutes ago and then passes the bathroom.
text: He fades deeper and deeper into darkness as he moves to the
text: bedrooms and the sound of the putter echoes louder and louder
text: until finally, silence.
text: The sound of a grandfather clock tics in the darkness as he
text: stares into an open door.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Hello?
text: A gunshot flickers in the room and the sound is deafening.
text: The putter and the man hit the ground at the same time. Like
text: that, it is over.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: Kristen lies on her side, her head pressed tight against the
text: overturned bookshelf. She holds her ringing ears as she
text: stares at James’ hand still squeezing the trigger.
text: Neither one of them moves. James stares forward at the feet
text: that lay on the floor.
text: The wall behind the body seems wet, like it just rained a
text: dark liquid.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I hit someone.
text: He says this almost in a whisper.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Kristen, I shot somebody.
text: She looks up at him from the ground.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Do you hear me?
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I hear you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I shot the man.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What’s he doing?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I think he’s dead.
text: James rolls over, leaving the gun against the bookshelf. He
text: lies back next to Kristen, trembling.
text: James coughs, almost gagging. He can’t seem to stop.
text: The clock ticks on the wall beside them.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: They won’t bother us anymore.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I fuckin’ shot him.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: We can just wait here now.
text: James nods his head over and over, his eyes closed.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: I hit him in the face. He walked
text: right into it. Right where I was
text: aiming. He just walked into...
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Did you see his mask?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What?
text: He is still. His eyes are closed.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Did you see his mask?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Just shut up.
text: She rolls over and stares at the feet of the man. The golf
text: club lies beside his legs.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Be quiet.
text: James opens his eyes and stares at the wall. The room is
text: quiet; the ticking clock the only sound.
text: The room suddenly fills with noise as the clock strikes 5 in
text: the morning. James and Kristen both jump at the sound.
text: James reaches for the gun on impulse and then they both just
text: listen as the bells clamor five times.
text: Then, they stop and just the ticking echoes through the room
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: I shot him.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It’s okay.
text: She reaches over to him and without thinking he slides away
text: towards the wall.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He didn’t wear one.
text: He leans up and turns facing the man.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
text: He didn’t have a mask.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What?
text: James gets to his knees, then slowly he climbs past the
text: bookshelf, leaving the gun as he heads towards the door.
text: A pool of blood has formed around the body and it rolls
text: towards James. The floor is slanted.
text: James’ hand slides out from underneath him and he catches
text: himself on the door frame. He leaves a bloody hand print
text: near the light switch.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Come back.
dialog: 65.
text: James ignores her, leaning his head through the door frame.
text: It is hard to see in the hallway, but as James hovers over
text: the body it becomes clear to him that this is an old man.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont‘d)
dialog: James?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Just shut up.
text: His tone is cruel. Kristen crawls towards him. Her hand
text: touching the back of his shoulder. He pushes her away
text: without even looking her direction.
text: Instead, his eyes are focused on the body underneath him.
text: The old man’s hand grips the unseen phone, inches away from
text: James’ leg.
text: Kristen starts to cry behind him.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Answer me!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It’s not him.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Give me the gun.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: How do you know!
text: On the roof above him they hear a footstep.
text: James turns back to her.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Give me the gun!
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: No!
text: He leaps upon her and throws her to the ground.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I remember him. I’ve seen him
dialog: before. Do you understand? Do
dialog: you!?
dialog: 66.
text: He presses his weight against Kristen. She is crying,
text: screaming. James cries as well.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Get off me!
text: Her tone is unsympathetic. She is becoming angry.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I killed a man.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Don’t touch me!
text: James pulls off of her and falls on the ground beside her
text: They both cry in the darkness. The clock ticks beside them.
text: On the roof they hear another footstep.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: It is not your fault.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: I pulled the trigger.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: You...can’t...Don’t think...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What do you want to say? There is
dialog: nothing. I did it, they made me.
dialog: Oh, fuck! I might go to jail.
text: Kristen reaches over to him.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You won’t go...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: There’s no one here. I killed an
dialog: old man. No one else. He lived on
dialog: this street!
text: She tries to grab him, hug him.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Don’t touch me. TI shouldn’t be
dialog: touched.
text: He pulls away from her and stands up. She follows him wiping
text: her runny nose.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: There is a nervous energy building as they approach the
text: dining room. The candles on the tables are now half melted.
text: James runs his fingers through the flames over and over
text: He walks towards the curtains.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I have to find them.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Don’t leave me alone in here! What
dialog: are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don’t know what to do. They’re
text: out there, fucking laughing.
dialog: Goddamn it.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What if somebody’s in here?
text: He is red in the face. Sweat builds on his forehead.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I want you to hide. I don’t want
dialog: to argue.
text: James reaches into the curtain and opens the door, then he
text: pushes the gun barrel into the night sky. He fires a shot
text: out the door. The force shoves him back a bit, but he holds
dialog: his position.
text: His frustration builds as he attempts to open the gun and
text: reload. Again, he slaps at the metal.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Goddammit !
text: The barrel suddenly complies and clicks open. James slides
text: two shells in and snaps the gun closed.
text: He pulls back the curtain and sees the window of the door
text: clearly this time.
text: He stumbles back, running into the dining room table and then
text: rolls off it onto the ground.
text: The gun crashes to the floor. Kristen screams as James picks
text: up the gun and swings it towards the back door.
dialog: 68.
text: Written in lipstick, on the window pane is:
speaker_heading: KILLER
text: James slams the door and pulls the curtain back over the
text: window. Kristen screams again.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Just go and hide.
text: He pulls the corner of the curtain aside and peeks out again.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Don’t leave me in here.
text: She grabs a hold of him, squeezing him in her arms, pleading
text: with him.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont‘d)
dialog: Don’t go.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let go. Do it!
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: There’s a barn outside. Do you see
dialog: it? There’s a barn. We used to
dialog: have a 4 wheeler. Maybe it’s still
dialog: out there. If I’m not back...just
dialog: go there if I don’t come back
text: He pulls away from her and she falls to the ground. He yanks
text: the door open through the curtain and runs outside. Kristen
text: follows him but stops on the porch.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James!
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: She watches James run away from her and into the black night.
text: His feet are like bricks as he crosses the damp grass
text: carrying the heavy gun. With each step away from the house,
text: he falls further into darkness. He swings the barrel in
text: every direction at once as he searches the shadows around
dialog: him.
dialog: 69.
text: Only his feet on the grass give any perspective to where he
text: is. He turns back, looking at the house, to where Kristen
text: stands on the porch staring out at him.
text: Then, he turns the corner of the partial fence that separates
text: the backyard from the acres surrounding the house, and
dialog: disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK PORCH - NIGHT
text: Kristen does not go any further.
text: It is cold outside and she shivers as she struggles to see
text: any sign of James or the strangers. Her body dances from
text: side to side, the concrete cold against her feet.
text: The wind chimes blow harder than ever before in the night
dialog: breeze.
text: Off the side of the house, a ragged American flag swings in
text: the darkness. It rattles against its cheap aluminium pole,
text: trying to escape. Kristen’s eyes are drawn to it. Then she
text: looks towards the black field in front of her.
text: She can hear James’ footsteps from behind the fence, she
text: tries to whisper to him, but after a couple of tries, she
text: just listens.
text: She hears a footstep on the roof and retreats, but her foot
text: catches the edge of the doorway. She stumbles slightly,
text: grabbing the curtain for support as she falls inside.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - NIGHT
text: The curtains near the balcony blow in the gentle breeze
text: passing through the open window. A security light outside
text: casts a green glow throughout the back of the room that
text: slightly touches the edge to the bed.
text: James is asleep. His back faces Kristen, who stares at the
text: ceiling above her.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James?
text: She whispers. It is barely noticeable.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont‘d)
dialog: James?
text: He opens his eyes, not sure of what he has heard. He stares
text: at the window, listening.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Are you awake?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I had a bad dream.
text: She sits up slightly and tries to see over his shoulder. His
text: eyes are closed again.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont‘d)
dialog: James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yeah. Yes. Are you okay?
text: He can hear her hands moving around the night stand. A glass
text: bumps into the base of the lamp. His keys slide across the
text: wood, falling onto the carpet below.
text: Kristen lights a cigarette.
text: James turns over on his back and they both stare up at the
dialog: ceiling.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: 5:00.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You should sleep.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I want to, but not now.
text: James is drifting, his eyes grow heavy and close, then he
text: fights them back open.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What was your dream about?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t remember. I mean, I know
dialog: you were in it. There was a
dialog: monster.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We should get you a dreamcatcher.
dialog: Something to protect you.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: I don’t know. I can’t remember.
dialog: Hippies keep them.
text: James takes a drink of his water, then reaches and grabs the
text: cigarette from the ashtray she has rested on her chest.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You shouldn’t do that.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’m not.
text: He takes a drag.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m a bad influence.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You’re the only influence. But
dialog: it’s fine. Just with you. That’s
dialog: the only time I smoke anymore.
text: She takes the cigarette back gently and takes a drag,
text: exhaling slowly.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: It’s so quiet here. No one is
text: walking around.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That’s why I like hotels. At
dialog: night, you walk around the halls
dialog: and you can feel the world around
dialog: you sleeping. Nobody moves.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: James and Kristen walk down the long hallway. James wears
text: just his pants and carries the ice bucket loosely in his
text: hand. Kristen wears a robe and has her hair pulled up on top
text: of her head.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: It’s so cold.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Just think about the bed. It’s
text: warm in the bed.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Can’t this wait til tomorrow?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’m thirsty. I need ice. We could
dialog: be sleeping.
text: They reach the ice machine. The silence is broken by the
text: sound of ice knocking against the bottom of the bucket. The
text: rumble of the machine fills the quiet halls around them.
text: Kristen gets a candy bar from the machine while she waits.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I need to get fatter anyway.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Shut up. Quit talking about my
dialog: girlfriend.
text: James’ tone is not sympathetic. It is more annoyed.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m a fatty.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh my god. Please. Shut up. I’m
dialog: not going to argue with you at 5:30
dialog: in the morning. I won’t do it.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You’re fucking beautiful.
dialog: 73.
text: They walk back towards their room. She clomps along next to
text: him, wearing his oversized shoes.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: James sits on the floor near the window. Kristen eats her
text: candy bar in the bed.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Come back.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I will. I just wanna see the sun.
text: It’s about to come up over there.
dialog: I haven’t seen a sunrise since
dialog: college.
text: Kristen grabs a cigarette. James watches the flame flicker
text: as she lights it in the darkness. They both are content to
text: sit for a moment, to wait for the sun.
text: Kristen watches the smoke rise above her and filter out the
text: balcony door.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Come back to bed.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I will. Just a second.
text: James gazes at the light growing brighter on the horizon.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Are you happy?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Sometimes.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That’s not enough.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t think I can try any harder.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I’1l help you.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You can’t.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You can’t.
text: James’ skin grows brighter every second now. Kristen remains
text: in the darkness.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I love you.
text: Kristen is silent.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I know.
text: Kristen coughs, then takes a drag.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK ENDS:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: From where Kristen sits, next to the doorway, she can see the
text: outline of the barn through the curtain. A small light
text: shines on the side of the tin building.
text: She turns back to the living room. The hole in the front
text: door whistles in the wind.
text: Her hands reach across the table behind her until she grabs a
text: hold of the cigarettes and James’ matches. She lights one
text: and breathes deeply, letting her smoke blow out onto the
text: porch in front of her.
text: A cat sits a hundred feet away from her in the yard. She
text: watches its glassy eyes stare back at her. It is calm, but
text: its ears rotate around, taking in the little noises of the
dialog: outdoors.
text: On the roof, Kristen hears the familiar pounding of
text: footsteps, but her eyes never leave the cat. She
text: unconsciously swivels the ring around her finger.
text: A scream from a woman is heard from the direction James ran
dialog: earlier.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The cat takes off for the fields and Kristen runs out after
text: James. Her cigarette drops to the concrete as her bare feet
text: slap across the pavement and then disappear in the tall
text: grass.
text: She cannot see James, but in the distance, she can make out
text: the shadow of the barn at the end of the property. She can
text: hear someone behind the fence as she approaches. Then, she
text: hears a man’s voice that is not like James’. She turns for
text: the barn.
text: he house grows smaller behind her as she pushes closer to
text: he tin building. The sound of footsteps suddenly appear
text: rom the side of her as she runs.
text: risten turns around and sees the outline of someone backlit
text: y the porch as they are fast approaching her.
text: he turns around and her feet catch on a hole in the earth.
text: he slams into the ground.
speaker_heading: nn OX acto
dialog: 
text: The wind is knocked out of her and, for a moment, Kristen
text: lies on the grass, gasping. She is still half way to the
text: barn.
text: Kristen rolls over and tries to stand, but she collapses back
text: down again. The footsteps behind her have stopped. She can
text: only hear her own breathing. Kristen’s hands reach for her
dialog: ankle.
text: She faces back towards the house and sees a flash as a
text: gunshot rings out in the night.
text: The shadow of one of the girls darts across the windows of
text: the back porch. The girl runs towards the side of the house,
text: where the gunshot appeared.
text: Kristen gets to her knees and frantically looks around for
text: signs of someone chasing her. She begins crawling slowly
text: towards the barn.
text: Pits in the earth, the size of hoof prints, tear at her skin
text: as she pulls her body towards the barn door. She is hurt and
text: with her every move her face grimaces in pain.
text: Behind her, the other woman walks fifty feet away. As they
text: approach the light on the barn, it reveals her mask, a
text: fifties PIN UP GIRL.
text: She makes no effort to
dialog: Kristen’s every stop,
dialog: forward.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN NIGHT
text: Kristen reaches the ba
text: Kristen glances back a
text: open her mouth the Pin
text: She comes closer and c
text: Kristen, a shrieking v
dialog: move.
text: When she is a foot away from Kristen
text: turned on her back, he
text: Her dress is in rags.
dialog: waiting.
dialog: The Pin Up Girl turns
text: is excited, her chest
text: runs back towards the
text: of light from the barn.
text: Kristen turns toward t
dialog: has to lean up against
text: hands grab the rust co
dialog: attempts to wedge it o
text: After a few pulls, the
text: slide her torso throug
text: drags the rest of her
scene_heading: INT. BARN NIGHT
dialog: Inside it
dialog: shines it
dialog: more like
dialog: boxes and
dialog: the 4 wheeler,
dialog: along the co
dialog: but it
text: The wheels are flat and the engine is stolen.
dialog: heap. Even the steeri
text: She slides back to the
dialog: house.
text: is pitch black.
text: a storage closet than anything else.
text: broken down equipment litter the floors.
dialog: 76.
text: catch Kristen. She pauses with
text: and then walks when Kristen moves
text: rn door as the woman trails behind her
text: nd sees her, but before Kristen can
text: Up Girl screams for her.
text: loser, the dead eyes staring into
text: oice coming from a mouth that does not
text: she stops. Kristen is
text: r hands covering her face and body.
text: For a second, they both just stop
text: back, listening towards the house. She
text: heaving with every quick breath. She
text: house, disappearing out of the circle
text: he door. The handle is high and she
text: the metal walls to reach it. Both her
text: vered door and with all her might she
dialog: pen.
text: door has budged just enough for her to
text: h the hole. By kicking her legs, she
text: body through.
text: Kristen finds a flashlight and
text: bwebbed covered walls. The space is
dialog: Stacks of
dialog: She finds
text: has long since died a slow death.
dialog: 
dialog: It lies ina
text: ng wheel is gone.
text: door searching the area around the
text: Everything is still and quiet.
dialog: 77.
text: She leans against the metal door and turns the flashlight to
text: the back of the barn. As the light passes around the room,
text: she discovers an orange glow coming from the back wall. She
text: gets to her knees and slowly hoists herself to her feet
text: making her way past an old riding lawn mower and some weed-
text: eaters as she shuffles to the faint light.
text: Against the wall is a small work table. On top of it, sits
text: an old HAM radio.
text: Kristen picks up the receiver and adjusts the volume. The
text: room fills with static and she turns back to the barn door,
text: afraid that someone has heard her.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Hello. Is anyone there?
text: She presses the button this time.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Hello. Somebody?
text: The room fills with static.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Hello! Help me!
text: She drops the receiver, moving so she can see through the
text: door.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Hello?
text: Kristen is startled by the sound and she slams into various
text: pieces of metal and trash, desperately reaching for the
dialog: receiver.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Hello! wait, wait!
text: She hobbles back to the radio pulling the cord from the
text: ground. The static halts.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Hello! Can you hear me? There’s
dialog: people here. They’re trying to
dialog: kill us. You have to help me.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Where are you located?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m at my boyfriend’s house. I’m
text: in the barn.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: What’s your name?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Kristen. You have to help me.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Okay Kristen, where are you
dialog: located?
text: Kristen rocks back and forth as she listens. Her knees are
text: weak and she leans her arms out against the table for
dialog: support.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: I’m in Oklahoma.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Oh god!
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: These things can pick up people
dialog: from all over.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: There’s no time!
text: She turns to the barn door again.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: What city are you in? You have to
dialog: give me more than this. I can call
dialog: the cops. Someone can help you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t know. I’ve never been here
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: What street? Did you see a sign?
dialog: Think.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: No!
text: Her voice cracks.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: I’ve never been here before!
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Okay Kristen, calm down. Listen to
dialog: me. Where are you at?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: I’m in a barn.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Are you sure you’re okay?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: There’s people outside.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: What kinda people?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Bad people.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Your boyfriend. You said it was
dialog: his house. What’s his name?
dialog: Where’s he at?
text: The man’s voice is calm.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: James what, sweetie?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Yes it does.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Hotopp!
text: The room fills with static as Kristen starts crying.
text: hands are shaking as she continues to hold the microphone to
text: her face.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: I’m gonna die here. I don’t even
dialog: know where I am.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: You better not be messing around
dialog: out there.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t...
dialog: Static.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Come back. I couldn’t make that
dialog: out,
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t know. I’ve never been here
dialog: before. I’m in the country.
dialog: Static.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Sweetheart, I want you to think.
dialog: You gotta know where you are.
text: Outside the barn she can hear screams from the house. A
text: woman’s voice. Kristen stares at the doorway. The beam of
text: the flashlight shakes against the wall near the door. The
text: static goes in waves from loud to softer, but continues in
text: jarring bursts, breaking the silence.
text: Kristen pulls at her hair, her body convulsing. She says
text: James’ name over and over to herself.
speaker_heading: RADIO (cont’d)
dialog: I can help you.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m gonna go. There’s no time.
dialog: I’m gonna go.
text: She slams her hands against the wooden table. The radio
text: bounces up and down on the warped wood.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Are you there? Kristen?
dialog: 81.
text: She hears a scream again, then, nothing.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: I can help you!
text: Kristen flips the radio off. Silence fills the barn.
text: She collides with an old air conditioner and falls forward
text: losing the flashlight. The light fades and she is left in
text: the darkness.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James.
text: She gropes her way to the barn door. She grips the side of
text: it as she makes her way outside again, crawling back towards
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kristen inches away from the light and away from the path
text: that leads to the house. The brush is high and her body
text: disappears into the thorns and weeds.
text: She sees James for a moment as he leaves the porch heading
text: back into the yard. He is limping and he seems disoriented,
text: but he still holds the gun. He calls out into the night air
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Kristen!
text: She tries to scream but no words form. Just over the high
text: grass, a hundred yards away, she can see the Pin Up Girl
text: searching near the trees. She lowers her head, trying to
dialog: hide.
text: James does not see the light reflecting off the white mask as
text: it seemingly floats in the blackness. Kristen is frozen.
text: He runs back into the house and after a few moments, he
text: emerges with a red gas can in one hand and the gun in the
text: other. Without a glance in Kristen’s direction, he kicks
text: open the gate and moves towards the blue Saturn.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: His movements are rushed and chaotic as he rips the cap off
text: the can and begins pouring the gas over the car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You know what I did! All of you!
text: He opens the car door and searches for matches.
speaker_heading: JAMES (cont’d)
dialog: Just leave us alone!
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kristen tries to crawl towards him but her eyes continue to
text: fall back to the Pin Up Girl. The stranger’s body becomes
text: more visible as she walks slowly towards the house. Kristen
text: can see the reflection of the blade in her hand as the knife
text: hits the light.
text: The Pin Up Girl sees James through the gate. She is moving
text: towards him.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: James finds a Bic lighter and scrapes it over and over with
text: his thumb, trying to produce a flame. He moves to the trunk
text: and then suddenly the lighter strikes.
text: He is shaky as he holds it against the blue metallic paint
text: but after his second attempt the gasoline catches and the
text: body of the car is devoured by orange and gold.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - NIGHT
text: Kristen spots the Man in the Mask as he appears from the
text: shadows near the opposite side of the house. She scans the
text: darkness, searching for another stranger somewhere around
dialog: her.
text: Just out of her view, Strawberry watches her.
text: Pin Up Girl and the Man walk slowly and cautiously towards
text: each other as they move nearer to James. They speak to each
text: other in a whisper that Kristen cannot make out across the
dialog: yard.
dialog: 83.
text: Soon, they connect near the porch, both heading for James as
text: he watches the car burn. He is in his own world.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James!
text: She screams, her body lifting up over the grass.
text: The Man in the Mask never takes his eyes off the opening in
text: the gate as he walks closer and closer towards James.
text: Kristen watches him disappear behind the wooden fence. She
text: hears the gas can slam against the pavement, but both James
text: and the Man are out of sight.
text: The Pin Up Girl turns around.
text: Her plastic eyes scan the open field. She walks back out
text: into the grass, past the patio. A small rubber ball squishes
text: underneath her worn down shoes, letting out a small squeak.
text: Kristen buries her face in the grass and the mud and listens.
text: She tries to hold her breath as she hears the grass around
text: her beaten down by the Pin Up Girl’s footsteps. With every
text: other one, there is a swoosh of the blade against the tall
text: grass.
text: A gunshot rings out but she doesn’t look up. There is no
text: sound of the stranger now. Kristen waits.
text: The Pin Up Girl rushes past her and then disappears inside
text: the barn.
text: Kristen listens to her footsteps grow fainter and then hears
text: something slam against the metal of the barn’s walls. She
text: searches the yard and then looks through the barn door.
text: It is dark, like a black hole. She cannot make out anything
text: going on inside, so she shifts her focus back to the burning
dialog: car.
text: She pulls herself up and moves towards the fire. Strawberry
text: continues to watch her.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kristen is weak and every attempt to slide her body forward
text: produces little to no movement. Eventually, she enters the
text: grassy area of the yard and finally, her hands touch the
text: concrete of the porch.
dialog: 84.
text: She stares at the fire, but it will not last. The flames are
text: dying out. The car will not burn much longer
text: Her skin and the fabric of the dress are worn away by the
text: harshness of the ground beneath her. She is almost
text: unrecognizable and her frail body is drained of all its
dialog: energy.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen throws herself through the doorway, falling on the
text: wood floor, coughing and crying as the sweat drips from her
text: forehead.
text: She lies on her back, one hand swinging to grab the curtain.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: She pushes the curtain open, straining to see outside. She
text: can see the silhouette of the Pin Up Girl moving away from
text: the barn and then the woman disappears.
text: Strawberry is gone.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen lays back on the ground, staring at the ceiling
text: watching the candlelight flicker above her. All of a sudden
text: she is sobbing. Her hair is covered in thorns and weeds.
text: Kristen wrestles with herself. She claws and rips at her
text: hair, trying to remove every piece of the yard from her body.
text: She slams back and forth on the floor as she flips and
text: twists, fighting no one.
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.S.)
dialog: Kristen!
text: She can hear James’ screams coming from outside. She rolls
text: over, pushing her head out the door.
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Kristen!
text: She searches the backyard for a sign of him but he is nowhere
dialog: to be found.
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Are you okay?
dialog: 85.
text: She tries to yell, but her voice does not come out. Her eyes
text: show her fear. She cannot find his voice.
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Tell me where you are!
text: Somewhere around the corner, the flag pole rattles as the
text: cloth twists in the wind.
text: She backpedals, forcing the door closed. The blood from her
text: legs stains the wood and the curtains. Her head whips around
text: the room as she tries to see if someone is inside with her
text: She forces herself to her feet, hobbling to the wall of the
text: dining room until she finds the switch that controls the
text: overhead light. She turns it on.
text: Her hands slam against the table and she pulls herself to the
text: candles. They are almost gone and she blows each one out.
text: She searches the walls where there were once shadows.
text: Satisfied, she slides her body off the table and crawls
text: towards the living room. The silver spoon slides onto the
text: hardwood floor. She listens to it rattle and when it stops,
text: she pulls her body forward again.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kristen checks the hallway as she makes her way to the back
text: bedrooms. She is shaking uncontrollably as she pauses in
text: front of every closed door, throwing them open and switching
text: on all the lights.
text: She stands over the old man, She has to force herself to
text: cross him. Her foot bumps him and she almost falls trying to
text: grab a hold of the wall. The phone shakes free from the man’s
text: hand, but she does not notice.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: She walks into a side bathroom and with a violent thrust
text: tears down the shower curtain from it’s rod, but there is no
text: one behind it.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: She checks underneath the bed and inside the closet, pulling
text: the string from the hanging bulb and pushing her hands into
text: the wall of hanging clothes.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Rose petals still rest at the bottom of the tub as she makes
text: her way into the bathroom. Her high heels lie near the
text: toilet. For a few seconds she rests on the bathroom mat.
text: Outside, she hears James scream.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen crawls on top of the bed and looks outside the
text: window, but she cannot see James anywhere. She now holds a
text: knife, pressing the metal blade pressed against the window.
text: She holds it in such a way as to display it for all those
text: outside to see.
text: She turns around, sitting on the bed. The light from the
text: bathroom casts a soft glow that catches in her eyes as they
text: lock upon the door and the darkened hall outside it.
text: Her bloody hand squeezes the knife as her knees tap the
text: bedpost over and over in a nervous twitch. In a quiet voice
text: she sings.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t care if it rains or
text: freezes.
text: She coughs. Her throat is congested making it hard for her
dialog: to breathe.
text: All of a sudden, the lights shut down inside the entire
text: house. Instantly, she is surrounded by darkness. She
text: attempts to jump off the bed, but her damaged body cannot
text: support itself and she falls to the ground.
text: The knife clatters to the floor, under the bed.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont‘d)
dialog: No, no, no...
text: She roughly scrapes around underneath the bed for the knife,
text: and finally gives up, on the verge of tears. She pulls
text: herself back and drags her body towards the hall.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: She edges along the darkened hallway. The only light left in
text: the house comes from the glowing embers of what remains of
text: the almost dead fire.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James?
text: Her voice trails off as she reaches the end of the hall.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The open door leading to the back porch brushes against the
text: curtains gently in the breeze.
text: The shattered fire alarm lies scattered on the floor, inches
text: in front of Kristen’s face. The pieces are brushed to the
text: side of the room, near the wall, deliberately smashed.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY WAY - NIGHT
text: She turns and looks down the entry way. The strangers have
text: forced open the front door. The piano leans against the wall
text: and the door hangs open, barely left on its hinges.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen nears the dining room table when she hears someone's
text: footsteps down the entry way behind her. A finger drags
text: along the piano keys, many of them now out of tune.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: She crawls quickly through the room towards the kitchen. She
text: gets to her feet and then makes her way in, frantically
text: searching for a place to hide.
text: She opens a door and turns to see the Man in the Mask walking
text: down the back hallway.
text: She pushes her way inside the pantry. She yanks the door
text: closed, squeezing herself into the tight space.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. PANTRY - NIGHT
text: Her hand grips the doorknob as she stands pressed in between
text: the wooden shelves and the thin door
text: Wooden blinds cut into the door give her a way to see out.
text: She focuses on the outside door and the dining room table.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: The Man in the Mask walks into the kitchen, pausing with his
text: back to Kristen and the pantry. On his neck, there are
text: scratches, evidence of finger scrapes against his flesh.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: He moves back over to the dining room table, where he sits
text: down in the place James occupied an hour ago. He holds the
text: old man’s hat in his hand.
text: He pulls off his mask and sets it down next to the case for
text: her ring. Sweat drips off his face. He is about the same
dialog: age as James.
text: He is tired, exhausted by the physical exertion of the
text: night’s events. He lights a cigarette from her pack and
text: leans back in the chair. The smoke rises above him in the
text: moonlight.
text: After a few seconds, he slides over the soggy carton of ice
text: cream from the table and opens the top. Cherry flavored
text: cream drips into his beard as he eats the half melted
dialog: dessert.
text: He closes the lid, setting the spoon on top of the box and
text: places it back in the center of the table. His eyes continue
text: to rest on the ice cream as he softly sings.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: As long as I got my Plastic
dialog: Jesus...
text: He sings to himself the same song Kristen sang minutes ago.
text: He slowly puts the mask back on and then turns ona
text: flashlight, scanning the beam around the room. The light
text: dances over the furniture as he searches.
text: After a couple of quick drags, he stubs out his cigarette and
text: stands up. Then he walks out the door
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. PANTRY - NIGHT
text: The door handle to the pantry twists as Kristen attempts to
dialog: open it.
text: She is breathing hard as she builds the courage to open the
text: door. It is an inch from her face and the sound of her
text: breath against it is almost deafening.
text: She is too frightened to push herself out. Her feet press
text: against an old bag of cat food at the bottom of the pantry.
text: She can hear the click of the door as it crosses the wooden
text: notch and it begins to open, but suddenly stops. She pushes
text: again, but the door does not move. The sound of her breath
text: pounds in her ears as Kristen struggles more and more.
text: Then she stops, holding her quivering hand in front of her
text: mouth. Her eyes are wide as she stares out the door. She
text: holds her breath, but the breathing sound continues.
text: Two plastic eyes appear in the small slits directly in front
text: of Kristen face. Strawberry Shortcake’s plastic mask glares
text: back at her.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: I see you!
text: The door slams against Kristen’s head, pushing her back into
text: the cans and paper bags on the shelves behind her. Kristen
text: screams as the door shakes back and forth. She kicks at it,
text: crying with pain as she fights the wood in front of her
text: Then, a gunshot fires from outside the house and the door
text: stops. It drifts open and a can of corn rolls out onto the
text: linoleum floor of the kitchen.
text: Kristen squeezes out onto the kitchen, limping. Her toes are
text: bloody from kicking. Her ankle is horribly swollen.
text: She pulls open drawers and they fall to the ground spilling
text: their contents onto the floor. She finds a knife, a much
text: smaller one, and points it out in front of her.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY (cont’d)
dialog: Hello.
text: Kristen screams, turning to face Strawberry, who stands near
text: the table. She holds the ring case in her hands.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY (cont’d)
dialog: Did you say yes?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: What do you want?
text: Strawberry is still, calm. Kristen’s knife does not seem to
text: frighten her.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Where’s James?
text: Strawberry shrugs her shoulders. Her plastic face smiling at
text: Kristen’s fear. She puts down the case next to the ice
dialog: cream.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: You’re so scared. Did you know the
dialog: man you killed?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You did that. Leave us alone.
text: Strawberry shakes her head “No” very slowly.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: You’re gonna die.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: One of the drawers Kristen had left hanging in its slot
text: falls loose and clatters to the ground. Kristen shields
text: herself from scattering contents and scoots sideways, but she
text: keeps her knife shakily pointing towards Strawberry.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Why did you come here? Why us!
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: Because you were home. You
text: answered the door.
text: Kristen shakes her head back and forth, the horrible
text: realization sinking in.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t even know you.
text: She moves towards Kristen but Kristen does not retreat any
dialog: further.
dialog: 91.
text: Outside, there is a gunshot. Kristen turns towards the
text: windows. The wind chimes blow in the breeze.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: He’s going to kill you.
text: Strawberry shakes her head again.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: What’s your name?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I don’t want to tell you.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: I heard him say it. But I don’t
dialog: remember. Did you say yes?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: He’s going to kill you.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: No... he’s not.
text: For a few moments neither woman speaks nor moves. Kristen
text: sobs to herself, then the knife slowly lowers to the ground
text: beside her.
text: Strawberry continues to inch forward until she is only inches
text: away. Kristen seems oblivious to her. Underneath the
text: plastic mask, she can hear the stranger’s breathing growing
dialog: faster.
text: In an instant it happens, one swipe of the blade and
text: Strawberry falls back. Kristen holds the knife out and it is
text: covered in blood from the young girl.
text: Strawberry is in pain. She holds her forearm, but her mask
text: remains emotionless. Kristen watches her, waiting for a
dialog: reaction.
text: Then she hears the stranger laugh.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The back door opens through the curtains and James stumbles
text: inside. He is badly beaten, his face already swollen around
text: the eyes and mouth.
text: Kristen yanks herself up but quickly sees that he is not
dialog: alone.
dialog: 92.
text: The Man in the Mask and the Pin Up Girl walk in behind him.
text: The man holds the gun, shoving it into James’ back
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: You were wrong.
text: James locks Kristen’s gaze with half closed eyes. His will
text: to fight has been beaten from him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Put on a record.
text: Kristen hobbles past them from the dining room into the
text: hallway, then to the back bedrooms.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Kristen slams the door behind her as she falls against side
text: of the bed in the dark room, sobbing. The power returns to
text: the house and the bathroom light turns on. Near the bed, the
text: overturned clock radio beeps 12’oclock on the floor.
text: Kristen stands up staring at the closed door. From the
text: living room, the sound of the record player starts up, the
text: volume cranked high so that song bleeds into the Kristen’s
text: ears. Her feet crunch the broken glass beneath her but she
text: seems unfazed.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY (0.S.)
dialog: Kristen...Kristen...Kristen.
text: Strawberry’s voice floats in from the other side of the door
text: Her fingers tap the wood methodically.
scene_heading: STRAWBERRY (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: He told me. You said no.
text: From the living room Kristen can hear the furniture moving; a
text: loud crash, broken glass.
scene_heading: STRAWBERRY (0.S.) (cont’d)
dialog: You’re gonna die!
text: Kristen stands, shaking and crying and facing the door. She
text: wets herself and it pours down her legs, but she does not
dialog: care.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Go away!
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY (0.S.)
dialog: Kristen!
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Leave me alone.
text: Her voice is like a child. She is begging, pleading.
text: The door opens in front of her, but no one is there. In the
text: hallway she can hear James screaming over the record.
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.S.)
dialog: Kristen!
text: Kristen yells out towards him. She forms no words, just a
text: cry, but she lets it out at the top of her lungs. She is
text: frozen by his calls.
speaker_heading: JAMES (0.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Kristen!
text: Finally, she moves towards the blaring music. She whispers
text: to herself to build up confidence, her mouth moving over and
text: over but it makes no sound. Tears stream down her cheeks.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: It’s okay, it’s okay, it’s okay.
text: As she approaches the door frame, she stops and looks at the
text: large mirror hanging on the wall over the dresser. The music
text: continues to pound and James’ screams almost become part of
text: the melody.
text: Suddenly the screams fall silent.
text: Kristen turns and sprints for the door, but the Man in the
text: Mask is waiting. He tosses her like a rag doll against the
text: wall and she collapses.
text: He grabs her by her hair and pulls her down the hallway, past
text: the old man, to the dinning room. She does not fight. She
text: has the old man’s blood in her hair.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Man in the Mask pauses half way through the room,
text: struggling with her weight and his exhaustion. She stares up
text: at the blank eyes of the mask as he breathes. His hands
text: tighten around the shoulders of her dress and she slides
text: behind him.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The table has been overturned and James is seated in the
text: middle of room, tied to a chair. Beside him is an empty
text: seat, and the man and the Pin Up Girl lift her into it.
text: The music is incredibly loud now, making it impossible to
dialog: hear anything else.
text: Strawberry ties Kristen’s body to the chair using rusted
text: baling wire. Then, she wires her hands together tightly in
text: front of her while the Man in the Mask whispers in James’
text: ear.
text: Kristen twists her wrists, but finds that only causes the
text: wire to dig in deeper, cutting into her skin.
text: James is crying. His pale face contorts with the
text: understanding of the words coming from the plastic mouth. He
text: whispers back, begging and shaking his head.
text: Neither he nor Kristen scream anymore.
text: The Pinup Girl begins opening the curtains around the room.
text: It is almost dawn and the sky behind the barn is beginning to
dialog: grow pink.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - SUNRISE
text: The strangers take their time, turning off every light inside
text: the house one by one. The room is dark at first, but over
text: the next few minutes, a warmth begins to grab the walls.
text: The three of them stand in front of James and Kristen
text: watching them cry.
text: When the record is over, the house grows quiet. Pin Up goes
text: to change it and James and Kristen sit in silence.
text: Their knees are almost touching and he slides his leg over,
text: grazing her bruised and bloody skin with his own.
text: He can see her ring and she knows.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I love you.
text: The words come out so soft that only James can hear her.
dialog: 95.
text: James hums the song they danced to that night. His leg
text: shakes against hers. Kristen’s face is too wet from tears to
text: see she still cries.
text: Strawberry takes off her mask and lays it on the ground near
text: the table. Soon, the others follow and, for the first time,
text: they are exposed for who they are.
text: The warm light now fills the room as the five of them stare
text: at each other, waiting.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It’s time.
text: Strawberry nods her head in agreement.
text: He pulls out Kristen’s knife and kneels down before James.
text: The Man all of a sudden seems nervous. The knife shakes in
text: one hand while he places the other on his knee for balance.
text: Kristen tries to pull herself free, then she rips at the wire
text: that holds James down.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: You can stop. Do you hear me? It
dialog: can stop now.
text: The Man’s eyes shift slightly for a moment, staring into
dialog: Kristen’s.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: I don’t care if it rains or
dialog: freezes. Long as I have my Plastic
text: Jesus, sitting on the dashboard of
dialog: my car.
text: She sings softly to her self and the Man watches her lips say
text: the words they both remember.
text: James screams over and over as the Man leans in closer. He
text: brings the knife towards James’ body slowly.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Be quiet.
text: His words are not demands. He is almost asking her to stop
text: singing.
text: The blade shakes in his loose grip, but then, his fingers
text: tighten around the handle.
dialog: 96.
text: When the knife pushes in, neither James nor the man seem to
text: know what will happen next. James squeals, pushing a scream
text: through his teeth as he grinds his jaw. His muscles flex in
dialog: pain.
text: Then he is silent, and Kristen grows still.
text: The music explodes from the parlor, but Pin Up runs and turns
dialog: it off.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
text: James, James...look at me. James
dialog: look at me.
text: The man stabs him again. This time he does it quickly and
text: James watches the blade go inside him. Then, he tilts his
text: head up towards Kristen, the veins in his neck about to
dialog: burst.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Look at me. Look at my face.
text: The two women stand behind the man. Both seem pale and
text: frightened. Pin Up bites her lip nervously, but Strawberry
text: is energized, a very faint smile on the edges of her mouth.
text: The Pin Up Girl walks over behind James and strokes his hair.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont’d)
dialog: Don’t touch him.
text: At first, he fights her but then he lets go. He is calm.
text: The Pin Up Girl’s hand rests on his neck.
text: Strawberry takes the knife, and without taking her eyes off
text: James’ face drives it into his chest.
text: James coughs, his head whipping around. He does not fight
text: anymore. He just cries.
text: Strawberry raises her face up to the Pin Up Girl and their
text: eyes lock for a moment. Pin Up slowly moves around in front
text: of Kristen, but Kristen does not seem to notice.
text: Kristen’s eyes fall to the ring case lying on the ground near
text: the table. She does not even react when blade goes in her
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont ‘d)
dialog: James. James. James.
text: She repeats his name over and over as the three strangers
text: begin to cut her.
dialog: 97.
text: James sits doubled over beside her, unable to watch. His
text: breathing becomes more and more clouded as he begins to
dialog: choke.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont‘d)
dialog: James.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Kristen leans against the door of the car for support. She
text: holds the ring in front of her. Tears form in her eyes.
text: The sound of James’ rental shoes against the gravel seems to
text: echo throughout the empty cars that surround them.
text: James stares at his hands nervously, he has not seen her
text: face.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I thought you would like this one.
dialog: I know how much you liked it when
dialog: we saw it. At that store, you
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I remember.
text: The door to the building bursts open and a GROUP OF WEDDING
text: GUESTS comes out laughing. Kristen and James turn towards
text: the crowd. Everyone has had too much to drink.
text: As Kristen turns around, James sees her eyes, her face. The
text: hope begins to drain from his expression.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN (cont‘d)
dialog: James, I.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: James...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh.
text: A car alarm goes off in the parking lot a few spaces down.
text: The group cannot seem to work their clicker.
dialog: 98.
text: ONE OF THE GROOMSMEN passes the couple as he makes his way
text: towards his friends. He stops and smiles at both of them.
text: For a second, it seems as if he plans to stay.
text: He hands James his glass of wine after he begins to feel the
text: awkwardness.
text: James does not take his eyes off Kristen as she looks
text: uncomfortably at the commotion around them.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK ENDS:
text: The stabbing stops and they drop the knife on the ground at
text: Kristen's feet. Strawberry reaches out and touches her
text: wounds. Kristen twists towards James. She tries to touch
text: him once again.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: I need you now. James. I need
dialog: you.
text: James’ gasps for air at the moment of her words. For just a
text: second, he is back again from the darkness. There is no
text: sound of the blood that is filling his throat and lungs. His
text: face turns towards her briefly before sinking again to his
text: chest.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (Whispering) I know.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - SUNRISE
text: The sun peeks over the barn. It is hard for James to see
text: because of the glare from the window.
text: The man picks up his mask and the others’. The women stare
text: at Kristen’s dress as it turns red in front of them.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: You are so pretty.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SUNRISE
text: The Pin Up Girl goes into the kitchen behind them and washes
text: her hands. The man follows her and Strawberry goes last.
text: They scrub until the blood is gone. They wash their faces
text: and their arms.
dialog: 99.
text: Strawberry takes the knife and runs water over the blade
text: until it is clean again. Then she lays it down on the
dialog: counter.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: They slowly take off their clothes until they each stand in
text: their underwear before the couple. They put their clothes in
text: a trash bag that the Pin Up Girl found under the sink.
text: Strawberry hands out clean clothes from a bag she brings from
text: the door.
text: James and Kristen are still alive.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - MORNING
text: The man walks over with the pile of records, holding them out
text: to the couple.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You can choose.
text: Kristen’s eyes rise from James’ twitching leg. After he goes
text: through a few selections, her eyes rest on one of them and
text: she nods. Blood pours from her mouth onto her thigh.
text: Strawberry unties them both precisely so as to keep from
text: cutting them as the man puts the record on.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - MORNING
text: The Pin Up Girl helps the man move the piano back into its
text: original position. Then, they begin to straighten up the
text: house. They start in the living room, working their way into
text: the entry way.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - MORNING
text: James collapses onto the ground and Kristen does the same.
text: They seem like dolls. Their limbs disjointed like
text: mannequins. Their arms and legs grow limp as the life drains
text: from their bodies.
text: James is barely breathing under the weight of his body.
dialog: 100.
text: The three strangers walk out of the house one at a time. No
text: one looks back at James and Kristen and soon, the house is
dialog: still.
text: Kristen slides her hand across the floor until it rests on
text: James' back. Her hand moves up underneath his clothes until
text: she touches his skin. She grabs his gaze as she watches his
text: eyes begin to falter.
text: James breathes slower and slower until finally, he stops.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - MORNING
text: Kristen stares out along the hardwood floor listening to the
text: song spinning on the record player. She is no longer crying.
text: The music fades and the record player hums, waiting for the
text: next song.
text: Kristen’s eyes glass over. For a moment, her breathing is
text: the only sound in the room.
text: The next song begins. Her hands slides down next to James’
text: body, one finger still reaching towards him.
text: The wind chimes rattle against each other in the morning
dialog: breeze.
text: Then, the phone rings.
text: Kristen does not react at first but on the second ring, it is
text: like her eyes come alive again. She begins to move towards
text: the sound.
text: The zipper on the back of her dress scratches the floor as
text: she begins to push herself along the ground on her back. It
text: is slow at first. By the third ring, it seems like she has
dialog: barely moved at all.
text: Her hands scratch at the floor as she forces her body over.
text: Her arms, her entire body, are now covered in blood.
text: Kristen struggles into the living room and by the fourth
text: ring, the old man is within her sight. The ringing comes
text: from him. Beside her the Smiley face rests, having fallen
text: from the strangers’ bag.
text: She loses her balance, and her wrist gives way. Her face
text: slams against the hardwood floor. The dull thud of her head
text: colliding against the wood is sickening, but Kristen
text: continues.
dialog: 101.
text: She grabs the old man-her hands searching over his bloody
text: body. The damage James has done to him begins to cover her
text: as Kristen’s hands caress every inch of his body. Finally,
text: she hears the ring once again. The phone is on the ground,
text: inches away from her face.
text: Her hand reaches out just as the last ring escapes the small
text: handheld piece of plastic. She forces herself on top of the
text: his remains, stretching her body out to grab the phone before
text: it stops ringing.
text: She slides it to her ear, but there is no one there.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: Hello? Hello!
text: Kristen’s eyes close. There is just a dial tone. She falls
text: back to the ground.
text: The Man stands behind her.
text: Kristen begins dialing the phone. Her fingers slip across the
text: small keys. First she dials 9, then two 1’s.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: How do you know that song?
text: A scream explodes in the hallway as Kristen turns. She
text: forces her body over again, this time to face her attacker.
text: Her small hands rises above her head like a shield, but the
text: Man does not seem to notice. His young face hovers above
dialog: her.
text: The phone lies beside Kristen, still silent. The send key
text: untouched. The Man finally kneels by her side, taking the
text: mask that rested beside her.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont’d)
dialog: It makes me happy.
text: He turns his back on her and walks towards the door. Soon
text: he is gone. Kristen is alone.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: The washed out sky hangs over the open fields in the middle
text: of nowhere. It has rained recently and the ground is wet
text: around the scattered mail boxes that line the old gravel
dialog: road.
dialog: 102.
text: The street is deserted. Empty.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0.)
dialog: Okay. Let’s try and do this all at
dialog: once.(Coughs) Can you hear me
dialog: alright? I’m just gonna start.
dialog: Alright?
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: The large single story house sits a thousand yards from its
text: closest neighbor. There is a long cement driveway that leads
text: down the side of the property.
text: At the end, towards the house, sits a once blue four-door
text: sedan. Smoke rises above the charred remains. The windows
text: are smashed out and the tires are slashed. Broken pieces of
text: glass surround the car as it sits flat against its metal
text: rims.
text: The car is running.
text: Over the blackened hood stands a faded basketball goal. A
text: net hangs on for its life from the rusty orange hoop.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0O.)
dialog: 1801 Clark Road. Stop. (Coughs)
dialog: 1801 Clark Road as follows. 4
dialog: kitchen knives, varying sizes. 2
text: candle sticks. One large axe with
text: wooden handle.
text: The pick up truck idles in the street as the Man looks at the
text: rear tire. The Pin Up Girl sits in the back, a cigarette
text: weighing her hand down over the side.
text: The Man gets back inside the cab and the truck rumbles back
text: to life and begins the journey down the long road.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Two young boys, both in their early teens, walk side by side
text: with their bicycles. They wear pressed white shirts and
text: black slacks.
dialog: They are Mormons.
text: The taller boy, has a backpack slung over one shoulder. The
text: other one holds a pile of pamphlets. They both have flat
dialog: tops.
dialog: 103.
text: The boys make their way down the street and they huddle close
text: together to attempt to shield themselves from the wind
text: whipping across their skin.
text: The truck pulls to a noisy stop and Strawberry gets out of
text: the passenger side. She is crying a little as she walks
text: around the back of the truck. Her door still hanging open.
text: She approaches the boys, she is not much larger than they
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: Can I have one?
text: The smaller boy hands her the yellow piece of paper. It
text: struggles in the wind, but Strawberry catches it.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Are you a sinner?
speaker_heading: STRAWBERRY
dialog: Sometimes.
text: She turns back towards the truck and without a look back
text: climbs inside. The truck and the three strangers soon
text: disappear onto the highway.
text: A few of the pamphlets get away from the small one and he
text: chases after them but then soon returns, empty-handed.
text: They are two houses down from the basketball goal. They take
text: turns walking to each house, knocking and ringing the
text: doorbells. When there is no answer, they leave the pamphlets
text: on the mat or in the mailbox and walk back up to the road
dialog: again.
text: The boys do not play around with each other as they walk the
text: road between houses. They concentrate on the task at hand;
text: each solemnly staring forward as they pass the overgrown
text: yards.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0O.)
text: Matches. One double barrel shot
text: gun. 5 empty shells. Baling wire.
text: A broken champagne bottle. Two
text: empty bottles of beer.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Music drifts out to where they stand on the street from
text: somewhere within the large house.
dialog: 104.
text: The boy with the backpack waits at the mailbox as the smaller
text: one walks down the driveway towards the blue Saturn.
text: The smaller boy waves and calls out for his friend to come
text: closer. The music grows louder so as to drown out all other
dialog: sound.
text: Eventually, the boy with the backpack lays both the bikes
text: down on the side of the street and walks towards the front
text: porch, cutting across the grass.
text: The smaller boy stands near the car, staring at his
text: reflection in the broken driver’s side window. He calls out
text: to the boy with the backpack again, then chases after him up
text: towards the house.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - DAY
text: The boy with the backpack picks up a champagne cork as they
text: walk along the sidewalk to the porch. The smaller boy laughs
text: nervously as they get closer.
text: The boy with the backpack does not take his eyes off what is
text: left of the front door
text: Several pieces of wood lie at their feet as they stand under
text: the eave of the house. The boy with the backpack nudges his
text: friend towards the door, but neither one walks inside.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Hello?
text: Their bikes remain on the street.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.O.)
text: A lot of blood. In several rooms.
dialog: We have some usable prints.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Dark shadows still surround most of the living room ahead of
text: them as the boys make their way down the entry way hall. The
text: smashed pieces of a fire alarm lie on the ground.
text: Inaudible beneath the sound of the music, the boys call out
text: as they walk through the darkened room, the pamphlets hanging
text: at the younger boys’ side.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0O.)
dialog: (Coughs) No conformation yet on
dialog: names. We’re working on it. We/’ll
dialog: be here all night.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: The boys walk through the living room as the music grows
text: louder.
text: No one responds to their calls.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - DAY
text: A record spins on an old worn out player. The needle is
text: close to the end as the volume steadily rises.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (V.0O.)
dialog: That’s all we got right now. Let’s
dialog: go. Turn this thing off. Fuck.
dialog: This is horrible. I think he might
dialog: have proposed. (Rattling sounds,
text: then a burst of sirens. The tape
dialog: shuts off.)
text: The record slows and then stops leaving only the sound of
text: static as the needle rides the edges before stopping.
text: The house is completely quiet.
text: The younger boy sees her first and approaches her body
text: tentatively. His movements show his fear as he kneels before
text: her and softly his touches her face.
text: He turns to call to his friend and Kristen bolts up, her
text: hands ripping at his shirt.
text: One of the boys screams.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 106.
text: KRISTEN MCKAY WAS BORN ON AUGUST 26TH,
dialog: 1977.
text: JAMES HOTOPP WAS BORN ON OCTOBER 12TH,
dialog: 1975.
scene_heading: ON THE NIGHT OF FEBRUARY 1ST, 2004,
text: THEY ATTENDED THE WEDDING AND
scene_heading: RECEPTION OF KRISTEN’S COLLEGE
scene_heading: ROOMMATE ELIZABETH BROOKHART BETWEEN
text: THE HOURS OF 5:30PM - 3:00AM. AFTER
text: SAYING THEIR GOOD-BYES, THEY RETURNED
text: TO THE SUMMER HOME OF PRESTON AND MARY
text: BETH WALKER, JAMES’ PARENTS.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
