speaker_heading: THE TREE OF LIFE
dialog: A Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Y .
dialog: Terrence Malick
dialog: First Draft
dialog: © Registered with the
dialog: Writers Guild of America
dialog: 25 June 2007
speaker_heading: PREFACE
dialog: The "I" who speaks in this story £5 not
dialog: the author. Rather, he hopes that you
dialog: might see yourself in this "I* an
dialog: understand this story as your own.
speaker_heading: PART ONE
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: An ordinary house in central Texas. A neighborhood at the
text: edge of town.
text: Three children -- brothers -- are playing in the back yard.
text: The eldest, 11, is JACK. RL is two years younger, and STEVE
text: is 6. Their MOTHER and FATHER, Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien, look on.
text: In the center of the yard stands a tall oak tree. The year is
dialog: 1956.
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLES
text: The boys play with their dog, SHEP Their mother smiles,
dialog: content. Life has covered her with blessing. There is nothing
dialog: she sees but it means her good.
text: Her heart, it seems, is especially drawn to her middle son;
dialog: the sweetest, most genial of the boys.
text: The sun is setting in the west. A doorbell rings.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - TWELVE YEARS LATER
text: Twelve years later, a Western Union man walks away from the
text: house. Mrs. O'Brien leans against a wall as she reads a
dialog: telegram.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: Mr. O'Brien watches Q@s his wife stares out the window.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Can I do anything?
text: She shakes her head. She lets him kiss her, but generally
text: seems unaware of him. She notices nothing; says nothing.
dialog: He must be strong. There will be time enough for tears. He
dialog: grieves for her more than for himself -- that she should be
text: stricken in this way, a woman so faithful, kind and upright --
dialog: who through the whole of her life has denied herself -~ who
dialog: has loved the good -- given to the poor, comforted the
text: desolate. A flashforward: Men rise up and bow when she passes
dialog: by.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: Friends have come to visit.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: You did everything in the world to
dialog: make him happy. No one could have
dialog: had a better life.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: He was such a fine boy.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: -- Such a fine musician! The
dialog: sweetest child I ever saw.
speaker_heading: BETTY
text: He only goes a little before the
dialog: rest of us.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: It's all so bitter now, hut--
dialog: you'll have lovely memories of him.
dialog: Those can't be taken away.
text: The memories are a torment to her, not a consolation.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: He'll always live in your heart.
dialog: Live? That is what he will not do.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: We never really part. Not from
dialog: those we love.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: The pain will pass away.
dialog: She does not wan} i+ to. No, she wants to keep it, always. A
text: shard of glass in her heart.
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: He's at peace.
dialog: Let them live in their naive illusion. If only she still
dialog: could! To hear his name spoken is more than she can bear.
dialog: Does no one understand?
text: Now, when others look at her, they glance quickly away. She
dialog: is aware of being an uncomfortable presence to everyone she
text: meets, particularly when she speaks.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: .-.He's in God's hands now.
dialog: Where is God? Where was he then? Nature gives no answer,
text: whispers not a word. The child was in God's hands the whole
dialog: time, was he not?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: +.-He didn't suffer. He's better
dialog: off where he is... It's so hard —-
dialog: you can do everything right, and
dialog: still --
text: Their voices seem far away, as though they were speaking to
dialog: her through a tunnel. Let them talk to each other. Not to
dialog: her.
text: A vast, barren plain. Death reveals the emptiness that was
dialog: there before. ‘
text: Nothing is but it. The fact is like a wall. She can see
dialog: nothing else. Nothing beyond.
text: Shattered, so many lives; cast blindly here and there, like
text: water from rock to rock.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: She cannot look in his room. When she does, he dies to her a
text: second time. She paces before the closed door.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: Her would-be comforters go away dismayed and apprehensive:
dialog: Why she, and not thay? They are themselves bewildered, some
text: reduced to tears.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: The best woman in the whole town!
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: There may be things that we don't
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: BETTY (0.8.)
text: She still has two left.
text: She overhears their voices after they are gone. How much more
text: easily they speak as soon as they are out of her presence!
text: Not just her child -- it seems that all creation has died.
dialog: Nature has betrayed the heart that loved it.
text: A child appears with a casserole.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Mom sent this.
text: He quickly retreats, his eyes fixed on the ground.
text: In the next room, Mr. O'Brien laughs and shakes his head. He
text: does not seem quite to have taken it all in.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: That rascal! I remember how you
dialog: couldn't get him into the tub.
dialog: Then, once he was in, you couldn't
dialog: get him back out!
text: The grey dawn of the next day. The O’Brien house seems no
text: different from any other on the bleck. The postman goes about
dialog: his business. The paperboy.
text: The men of the neighborhood speak among ‘Yhemselves in hushed
text: voices as they set their sprinklers out at dusk. The fall of
text: the O'Brien house strikes awe in them. A family once happy
text: and prosperous, brought down in sorrow and doom.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON MRS. O'BRIEN
text: Through a crack in the bedroom door she sees her husband on
dialog: his knees. What good has it brought him? Would he pray to a
dialog: spider?
text: Gardenias, a climbing rose. Nature puts forth life at will.
dialog: Why should a dog have breath, her child none?
text: Later, when someone reaches for the child's guitar, she hears
dialog: her husband insist +hat if not be moved. Not an inch.
speaker_heading: MR. O'BRIEN
text: Her husband, too, attempts to console her. But having an
dialog: equal cause for sorrow, he is no more convincing than her
dialog: friends have been.
text: Grief so deep has made her unfamiliar to him; almost holy.
dialog: Still he must say something.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: We have -- to be strong -- for them
dialog: -- for the other boys. We can't let
dialog: them see --
dialog: (she looks away)
dialog: I haven't been the husband you
dialog: deserve -~ I haven't loved you
dialog: enough -- still -- let me into your
dialog: “ heart. Let us share the grief.
speaker_heading: : FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: It's too hard alone. I thought we
dialog: would go first -- never have to
dialog: know -- to see --
dialog: (she looks up)
dialog: I wish it could have been me. I
dialog: took the confidence out of him. I
dialog: never got a chance to tell him --
dialog: how sorry I was! I made him unhappy
dialog: -- anxious -- I did it out of love!
dialog: Forgive me!
text: She hesitates, waits until she can swallow back a sob to
dialog: speak -- then can find nothing to say. What did they do to
dialog: bring such a calamity on themselves? What did the world gain?
dialog: It neither knew nor cared.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going to be strong for him,
dialog: That's what he'd want, and ‘that's
dialog: what he's going to get.
text: An empty swing. A slide. A bridge. Grass fading in the August
dialog: heat. .
text: He takes her into his arms. How small their differences seem
text: now! He loves her wholly. They are one at last, in grief.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Do we say we have three boys, or
dialog: two?
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: I hate my life -- I want to die --
dialog: to” with him ~- my child!
text: She will not be consoled. We looks at her, helpless.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Whatever I say, don't believe it.
text: Alone, she prays. She hears no answering voice.
text: Mr. O'Brien closes the lid of his piano.
text: Her soul is gone. Her good. She goes about her life; she
text: walks, eats, sleeps, wakes up. But she does not live. Each
dialog: place, each hour is the same.
text: The best of her lay in his soul. She lived through him, saw
text: through his eyes. Apart from him she cannot see the work of
dialog: God, or nature's order. In her is death; im him was life.
text: A bare tree in winter. Nature lied.
scene_heading: JACK (ADULT) - SERIES OF ANGLES
text: Gradually we become aware of Jack, their eldest son, grown up
text: now. The others have tried and failed to console his mother.
dialog: How shall he?
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.)
dialog: It broke your heart. Never
dialog: afterwards were you the same --
dialog: your faith in goodness shaken --
dialog: though carefully you kept it
dialog: secret, lest our faith be shaken,
dialog: too.
dialog: (she walks alone)
dialog: In vain! We knew!
text: Gone. He has left the world a shar A friend whispers in Mrs.
dialog: O'Brien's ear: .
speaker_heading: MRS. STONE
dialog: Don't let them console you. Don't
dialog: forget! For a long time you'll have
dialog: the pain. But it will turn to joy --
text: in the end.
text: We are aboard a train, plunging through the countryside; the
text: locomotive far ahead, barely visible. A blind, overwhelming
dialog: force.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.)
dialog: Why do you grieve and waste away?
dialog: You 3e: love flowed out
dialog: un ly!
text: The rails weave in and out »eneath the wheels. The steel
text: lines of fate. I+ runs along its way, defies all other paths,
text: all walls, crashes ‘hrough every obstacle.
text: She cannot be persuaded to turn or look. She sits with her
text: face averted, staring at the ground.
text: Each day she finds it harder to bear. She cannot read, or
text: sleep. The dawn light coming in through the window is ghastly
text: to her. It is as though he had died again. And. yet she would
dialog: not be surprised if he were to walk into the room.
text: Children play. Spring comes. The crocus raise their heads.
text: The redbuds blaze. They return.
text: A door through which one fears to look. A path one shrinks
text: from taking. Empty parks. A vast, neglected garden. A gate.
dialog: The past consuming all.
text: Decaying statues in a long, straight lane of trees. The
text: figures of forgotten gods. They gaze at the horizon as though
text: in search of their deliverer. Balustrades; a drained pool.
text: Walks strewn with sodden leaves. Stairs that lead nowhere. A
dialog: butterfly.”
text: She remembers when the sun shone about her, when it seemed
dialog: that she would die in her nest.
text: Crows hovering over a stubble field, foraging in the furrows.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Who are you that took him? You
dialog: smash what. is most dear --» send
dialog: flies to wounds you might have.
dialog: healed. Who can hinder ~ you?
text: Friends come by less. She does not mind Her child is more
text: present to her in death than, really, they in life.
dialog: Good night, my child. She shall not see him. Till heaven and
dialog: earth have passed away.
text: Sent for nothing. The faces of those who live on; strangers,
dialog: preferred to him.
text: ‘High overhead, migrating geese call to each other; separated,
text: lost in the clouds.
text: A buoy, clanging in the fog.
text: Nature has returned to chaos.
text: A hand on a curtain. What is death? What will it be like? The
text: pictures stop. The movie ends.
text: Jack stops on the Street, listens. It is as though the wind
dialog: were trying to tell him something.
text: He finds himself on a staircase, its upper and lower reaches
text: lost in the darkness.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You whom we met in the woods and on
text: the hills, whom first in her eyes
dialog: we knew -- how shall I name you?
text: CcUs to show his mother's air of embarrassed shyness; her good
text: humor and truthfulness; her affectionate, sorrowing face,
text: always looking into him, wishing him strength and happiness.
text: Her hands when she is very old: those worn hands that once
dialog: held so much that was dear to them, that once he could take
dialog: and hold as tightly and for as long as he wished. Soon he
text: must lose her, too, with all he loves.
dialog: Change; the spring of all sorrow. Is anything exempt from
dialog: birth, growth and decay? Nothing everlasting?
text: A shadow dancing on the ground. This world is passing away.
text: His father, who at first was careful to remain calm and
text: composed, rips off his coat and tears at his hair in grief.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S8.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Teach me the way to you.
text: The oak tree in the front yard. Its roots fgach down into the
text: darkness of the earth, towards its cemfer Qnd source. The
text: branches spread towards the light, towards _discovery and
text: utterance; a fountain of life.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Brother, dear brother -- We had one
dialog: heart within us. One soul -- where
dialog: you left off and I began, I could
dialog: not tell.
text: The immovable trunk, a universe of leaves spreading above it,
text: whispering; an oracle.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Wher are you? How shall I find you
dialog: again? I will go in search of you --
dialog: through all the worlds.
text: The camera rises Vhrough the branches, seeks a way towards
text: the sky above.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Brother, speak through me! Guide
dialog: me! Answer me from where you are!
dialog: See what I was, what I am now! Lend
dialog: your spirit to this song!
text: He discovers himself on the verge of falling asleep at the
text: wheel of a car. He fights to stay awake. The car is drifting
text: off the road, and still he cannot rouse himself to
dialog: consciousness, to the required act of will.
text: A hand touches his shoulder, waking him —-
scene_heading: EXT. CITY OF DESTRUCTION - THE ARTIFICIAL WORLD - LATE DAY TO
scene_heading: NIGHT TO DAWN - JACK (ADULT)
text: Jack wakes to find himself in that landscape of paralysis and
text: despair which today goes by the name of a city. The familiar
text: world has assumed a threatening aspect.
text: A number of scenes with the adult Jack follow encounters with
text: friends and strangers. To avoid interrupting the flow of the
dialog: narrative, we will not specify them here.’ From time to time
text: we hear Jack's thoughts. He leads us through the story.
text: The cutting is quick and staccato, to suggest the fractured
dialog: quality of modern life.
text: His eyes are bright with longing. He never lingers anywhere
dialog: for long but is forever off, forever moving ‘on. Where did he
dialog: go wrong, or wander from the path?
text: The stars are washed out. The sky is a haze. The moon shines
text: down like any other senseless light, high above the towers of
dialog: steel and glass. Where in these streets can he find any
text: evidence of the world's order, any sign to help him on his
dialog: way?
text: The others do not meet his eyes. Each makes his way alone,
dialog: shut up within himself. None can be sure of the other. No tie
dialog: is fixed or lasting.
text: Like a bird trapped inside a room, beating against the
text: windows and ceiling, the soul struggles for a time, then
text: sinks down in defe.
text: The buildings hem him round like the trees of a wild forest.
dialog: A false nature; & unwerse of death. A sightless world,
text: roofed over, shut off from things above. Here one must stoop
dialog: to walk. A world that would exclude the transcendent, that
dialog: says: I am, and there is nothing else. A world without love.
dialog: It seems he could escape if only he could bring himself to
text: will it. Somehow he cannot. He has gone to sleep, he cannot
text: wake up. He wakes from one dream to another.
dialog: The sights of a modern city: it could be Chicago, New York,
dialog: Houston, Paris, Mumbai, Los Angeles, or a composite of them
dialog: all. We never see it whole -- no skyline or defining monument
text: -- fragments only -- a frenzy of things and people on the
text: move -- a continuous flow of trains and cars -- a new Babel.
text: Change seems the only constant in this city; disappearance,
dialog: loss. Being is a shadow. There is nothing but this endless
dialog: flux. Nothing eternal, nothing sure.
dialog: 10.
text: In the faces of strangers that anguished look of our times
text: which betrays itself beneath the smiles and courtesy --
dialog: which, increasingly, even children wear.
text: Each a shadow to the other, each with his own eyes fixed on
text: the ground in front of him, absorbed in his private world.
text: Spectators in a movie theater.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sweet brother -- you who filled our
dialog: hearts with light -- who drew us
dialog: close, who made us one -- a family,
text: a home -- gone. Into the night
dialog: which has no dawn.
text: He stops, listens. The grey light of 4 television flickers on
text: the ceiling of a lonely apartment.. Somewhere a couple rage
text: and howl at each other.
text: Time lapse shots of tall buildings, with clouds passing above
text: them. Hallways. Offices at night. Walls.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What was it. that you pointed to --
dialog: knew better than I? You overlooked
dialog: insult and injury. Were gentle,
dialog: kind --
text: Nothing adds up, or leads to anything else. He lives in
dialog: succession.
text: The shadows of passérsby on the street. A dry streambed. A
text: garden in winter, The stiff, dead stalks of sunflowers; their
text: heads bowed in defeat.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Speakllet me hear -- see! Let it
dialog: not have been in vain! Sing with me
dialog: -- through me -- you, the true
dialog: artist -- lend me your strength!
dialog: ‘Everything conspires to lead one to go on as before. To rest
text: in the tomb. To sleep.
text: The concrete banks of the L.A. river. Nature is dying.
dialog: Without nature, will the spirit die? The eye flits here and
text: there, like a frightened bird.
text: The others guess nothing of his condition, and he speaks not
dialog: a word. What would he say?
text: Fog from the beach. Faces, indistinct.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: I knew such things happened, but --
dialog: it seemed they wouldn't touch me. I
dialog: could have been with him ~-
text: Her voice fades out, and she is gone. In a moment of fantasy,
text: he finds himself swept along in a river. The waters rise,
text: threatening to engulf him.
text: Now he finds himself inside a burning house. Smoke slides in
text: under the door. Flames peel the paint from the ceiling. He
text: stuffs his fist in his mouth to keep from screaming. The
text: others neither speak nor act, as though they lay under some
dialog: spell or enchantment.
text: A stranger with a Walkman. A driver in Q traffic jam.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.8.)
dialog: Losing you, I lost: my way
text: Physical life in a world abandoned by the spirit. Organized
dialog: unreality. The soul a hindrance in one's dealings here. A
text: burden. A mere quantity of thoughts and desires.
text: One is without form and void. Thousand-minded. At odds with
text: himself. A miscellany, not a man.
text: Cold public works. The city; the lost creation; the cosmos
dialog: become a Cave.
text: Travelers on a New York subway.
text: All await a new Creation. None knows how to bring it forth.
text: He finds himselF on an Orliner. It skims over the tops of
text: the trees, rising and falling, struggling to stay aloft. It
text: flies under power lines, narrowly avoids houses and apartment
text: buildings. The other passengers have gone to sleep, or pay no
dialog: attention.
text: The roar of the senses; loud, ever louder. Sensation becomes
dialog: substance. The false world so surrounds us that it taken the
dialog: place of nature.
text: This is a new death; death of the spirit, extinction of the
dialog: soul.
dialog: The supreme misery: to be cheated of the sight of essence: to
text: find oneself abandoned to the busy dance of things which pass
dialog: away.
dialog: What is despair but to lose the eternal?
dialog: 12.
text: Forms dissolve like thoughts, like shapes in a waterfall.
text: Newspaper headlines. Fragments of TV shows. Swarming facts.
text: Walls, security lights, traffic. A dark, empty cathedral.
dialog: Where are you to find the spring and source of life? Will you
dialog: die before you do?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Lead me from the unreal to.the real.
dialog: Lead me from darkness to light.
dialog: Lead me from death to eternal life.
dialog: To what end is nature? Is there nothing but this chaos, this
dialog: congeries of scraps and fragments? N ing, which binds them
dialog: together?
text: A new hell; entirely of our times; a glass box. The sky is
text: covered over. Man has shut himself in.
text: He must find a way out. He must journey through time, from
text: the outward and external to the heart of creation.
text: A solitary tree in the middle of a parking lot. A clock. A
text: closed door. A porch light. A lame man limping down the
text: street. The images follow on each other in quick succession.
text: The sound snaps in and out.
text: He finds himself on a high building. He leaps off the edge,
text: into thin air, without giving a thought to how he might
text: survive the fall. He wakes up with a gasp.
text: A figure stands near him. He cannot see its face, but he
text: feels a strange peace Flow into him; a sense of radiant love.
dialog: Who are you? Jack seemS 4» ask. Why can I not come to you?
text: The figure points towards a gate. Beyond it lies a field.
text: Trembling, Jack looks back towards the city.
dialog: Come out! the figure seems to say. There is that near you
dialog: which will guide you, if only you trust its lead.
text: The figure reaches out, touches the crown of Jack's head,
text: then is gone.
text: Jack looks around. Where to begin?
text: Night lifts off like a fog. The street lamps flicker out. The
text: morning star burns in a gap between the tall buildings --
dialog: solitary, unheeded -- a promise of that world which here is
dialog: but a legend.
dialog: You -- who are you? The star seems to address him.
dialog: 13.
text: Beneath the artificial world, the true face of creation,
text: covered over, obscured, beckoning us still.
text: He closes his eyes. He would rather sleep than undertake the
text: necessary struggle. He awaits a command that has already been
dialog: given.
dialog: Let us sing a new song, tell a new story; one which, mindful
dialog: of the ancient tales, takes its inspiration from science,
dialog: Let us search for the permanent amid the fleeting and
text: mutable, for that which endures through the spectacle of
dialog: ceaseless change. Let us discover the eternal, the good.
text: Jack walks along the Santa Monica shore. Surfers bob up and
text: down. in the line-up. Children play in We tide. Their
text: laughter, their wild cries, take Inm back +o the past, to his
dialog: childhood and beyond it, to the world's owq -- to the first
dialog: light of creation.
text: At the edge of the city, he sees a tree. He reaches out to
text: touch it. The instant he does, the universe springs up from
dialog: its source.
speaker_heading: THE CREATION
dialog: We show the growth of the cosmos, the great epic of
dialog: evolution, from the Big Bang through the long ages of
dialog: geological time, down to the present day.
text: We begin in the chaos or nothingness out of which space and
dialog: time arose -- in a r@alm beyond our power to imagine, without
text: form or coherence, void of here and now. Suddenly, like joy
text: replacing sadness and brooding, light breaks forth, and the
dialog: universe is born
text: Molecular clouds gather to make galaxies, which sail out
text: through the void like ships on a sea without shores. New
text: stars, new worlds are born and pass away, like wasted seed.
dialog: They are the furnaces in which the elements of our future
text: life are smelted. Many experiments must be tried and rejected
text: before our system is hit upon; much labor expended, with
dialog: continual improvements through the long ages.
text: At last the ancestral earth appears; a bulb of gases, more
text: like a star than a planet, seared by the sun's fire, glowing
text: like a coal from deep within.
text: The gases cool to liquid. A solid core falls out; a thin
text: crust forms. From time to time the vapors clear away to
text: reveal a mighty inferno of magma and pitch.
dialog: 14.
text: The sky fills with steam. Rains fall for millennia, cooling
dialog: the surface by degrees. For ages there. is no clear day of
text: sun, no night of stars; only thunder and lightning. But by
text: and by the mists drift off, the clouds part and the first
text: land appears, a low island of meteoritic rubble and stark
dialog: volcanic stone.
text: With no plants to hold the land in place, wind and water
text: carve the stone into fantastic shapes. Shadows move
text: mathematically over the hills. The vast wastes wait for
text: nothing. Each day is like the last.
text: In the boiling waters of a hot spring, entities develop that
dialog: can maintain their integrity in thefage of disturbance from
text: without. They do not endure by maintaining their rigidity.
text: They are soft and yielding. They resist change by themselves
text: changing endlessly, like.a whirlpool, inventing variations on
dialog: themselves which protect them from injury and accident and
dialog: gradually create a world more favorable +0 their growth.
dialog: We cannot tell precisely when or how life begins. It comes
text: not as a unique event, at a precise stroke of the clock. The
text: first living things are simple thermophiles; odd, marginal
text: forms, neither plant nor animal, barely over the indefinable
text: line which separates the animate from the inanimate.
text: They drift in solitude through the vast, lifeless sea,
text: beneath the incandescent skies of a planet still racked by
text: volcanic eruptions and menaced by the impact of comets and
dialog: asteroids.
text: In areas protected from the wind, colonies of bacteria appear
text: as scums and muds, ‘tinting the shores along the water-
text: courses, like bathtub rings. They have no predators; death is
dialog: something yet unknown.
text: Microbial mats appear _at the edges of the tides. They in turn
text: give rise to stromatolites; hard, chalky knobs of rock,
text: shaped like cabbages or cauliflowers, the architecture of
text: generations of cyanobacteria living on top of each other,
text: like coral in a reef.
text: Bacteria that once preyed on each other learn gradually to
dialog: live in community. As such communities become hereditary, the
text: first cells with a nucleus arise. Together the bacteria
text: arrive at a result which none by itself could have achieved.
dialog: From the beginning, cooperation plays as great a part as
text: competition in the ascent of life. It succeeds where naked
dialog: power and selfishness do not, making the deadliest enemies
text: indispensable to each other's survival. The struggle for
dialog: existence is not life's sole or fundamental law.
dialog: is.
text: Slowly the bacteria creep inland, spreading over the volcanic
text: debris like a layer of felt. Plants, magic jewel boxes of
text: chlorophyll, soon abound. Instead of drawing nourishment from
dialog: their surroundings, they produce it for themselves,
text: transforming sunlight and carbon into living tissue.
dialog: Photosynthesis has made life self-sufficient, just at the
text: moment it was living on borrowed time, in danger of eating up
dialog: every particle of nourishment in the sea. Now life can
dialog: manufacture its own food -- no longer depend on getting it,
text: already made, from a source outside itself.
text: Some of the plants, lacking chlorophyll, find it easier to
dialog: prey on others than to manufacture ‘heir own nourishment from
text: lean water and sunlight. Thus the First animals arise; Life
dialog: robbing life; assassins.
text: Alien as they appear, they show the beginnings of need, of
dialog: purpose and will; the unmistakable marks Of identity, the
text: first true signs of self. Something new has taken root in
dialog: nature; something which is not driven by external forces but
text: set in motion from within,. prompted by itself and nothing
dialog: else.
dialog: Colonies of animals arise in which the functions of life are
text: cleverly divided. Multicellular creatures spread through the
text: seas using every foothold they can find to establish an
dialog: existence, no matter how narrow or constraining it might at
text: first appear.
dialog: We see the creation, not as an event in the distant past, the
text: result of a finished and forgotten act, but rather as
dialog: something which happens in every moment of time: no less a
dialog: miracle now, ths present hour, than it was in the beginning.
text: The film is like asteve, sifting the seed from the husk of
text: appearances, the changeless from the changing.
text: Volvox, sponges, sea fans, anemones, corals and jellyfish:
text: the creatures fill the newly hospitable waters in
text: inexhaustible numbers. There are no fish as yet; no crabs or
text: shrimp or lobster. And yet it’ is an age of unparalleled
dialog: opportunity; for the first time, now and never again, a world
dialog: free of competition. The wildest fancies are permitted;
text: anything can find a place. Bizarre beings spring up from the
text: sea's imagination, then vanish forever: Hallucingenia,
dialog: Opabinia, Anomalocaris.
text: Segmented worms appear, and after them the first vertebrates;
text: simple fish. Spines and jaws allow the vertebrates to leave
text: the sea floor, to give up grubbing in the mud for nourishment
dialog: in order to prey on larger creatures.
dialog: 16.
text: Predators shape their prey, driving them to develop stronger
text: armor, greater dexterity and speed. Wondrous fact, that had
dialog: life not been compelled to face the threat of a violent
text: death, it might never have risen above the ooze.
text: Death comes as a late arrival to the creation, to give life a
dialog: greater capability and scope -- paradoxically, to make it
text: stronger and more lasting.
text: The light flashes at the water's surface above, beckoning us
text: higher. Algae spread up from the sea. Mosses and liverworts
text: appear. Here, on land, the plants need not contend for light.
text: They seem to rejoice in their new independence, to reach out
text: with the vigor of beings unexpectedly set free. By and by,
text: the hills are carpeted with a mat of diminutive green
dialog: vegetation.
text: Frost and lichens break down the rocks into a soil fit for
text: the more developed plants still waiting by the shore.
text: Horseshoe crabs come up onto the shore to lay their eggs. Sea
text: water, rich as beer, froths and foams around them. Where
dialog: before there was no sound of life, now we hear the faint,
text: familiar choir of insects. Millipedes forage on the mud
text: flats. Scorpions and ghost crabs come out of the surf to prey
text: on them. Silverfish follow, and soon winged relatives are in
text: evidence. With the power of flight, the insects can range far
text: and wide in search of food, scatter their seed and escape
text: their enemies, though as yet no enemy has appeared.
dialog: Is nature mere weather, doing and undoing without end? What
dialog: does it work toward? What purpose does it have in view?
text: Nothing stands still Or keeps its place. All is growth and
text: ceaseless unfolding. One force works in all, advancing
text: swiftly from form to form, never lingering in any single one,
dialog: forever rushing 09; Witnin all things, but not enclosed;
text: outside all, but not eycluded.
dialog: From time to time, lest we forget that we are sharing our
dialog: hero's perspective, we cuit back to Jack in the city, going
text: through the motions of his everyday life.
text: The first fishes with amphibian traits gain the shore. Swamp
text: and marshland have replaced the wide, windy plains of the
text: preceding ages. The forms of vegetation are simple, few.
text: There are no reeds or grasses. No flower breaks the gloom.
text: The earth is a vast, wet Eden. Except near the poles, there
dialog: are no seasons. Each year is like the last.
text: Reptiles emerge from the amphibians, and dinosaurs in turn
dialog: from the reptiles. Among the dinosaurs we discover the first
text: signs of maternal love, as the creatures learn to care for
dialog: each other.
dialog: 17.
dialog: Is not love, too, a work of the creation? What should we have
dialog: been without it? How had things been then?
text: Silent as a shadow, consciousness has slipped into the world.
text: The plant kingdom, too, advances as the first seed plants
text: emerge: cycads, araucarias, conifers and gingkos. Exalting
text: music alternates with long stretches of peaceful sound; wind
text: and waves and summer crickets.
text: Nature seems everywhere to be leading toward’ something. Why
dialog: this delay in arriving at its ends? Why does it feel its way
dialog: along -- wander, dawdle, delay? Why twist and turn and
text: backtrack, as though it were finding its way through a maze?
dialog: Why establish hindrances and obstad@S only to put itself to
dialog: the trouble of devising stratagems for overcoming them?
text: Mammals peer out from their hiding places if the trees,
dialog: waiting for the cold of night to descend and reduce the
text: reptiles to inactivity. None is larger than a squirrel, few
text: larger than a mouse. They are a thin, precarious line --
text: inconspicuous in the general landscape, holding on against
text: great odds, in constant danger of being extinguished
dialog: altogether.
text: This is the fate that befalls the dinosaurs instead, as a
text: large asteroid slams into the earth, covering it for years in
text: a pall of dust. The plants die off; the larger reptiles
text: starve. For long years the earth lies fallow. Gradually the
dialog: mammals come forth to take up those niches which the
text: dinosaurs have left vacant.
text: Nature seems to waste and blunder cruelly. And yet, except
dialog: for this disaster, the dinosaurs might have dominated the
dialog: earth down tothe present day. How strange that calamity and
dialog: disease should lead life forward ~~ prove indispensable to
dialog: its unfolding -- that such grandeur should rise up froma
dialog: foundation of pain and death and ruin!
dialog: The ichneumon wasp, the crocodile, the shark -- to think that
text: they, too, were the fruit of long, painstaking labor and
dialog: calculation -- brought forth with an equal care! To think
text: that they now go patiently about their tasks, burning with a
dialog: life as real as ours!
text: Grasses and modern birds now make their appearance; soon
text: thereafter, the first primates. At last we come to man, the
text: triumph of the earth, paragon of creatures and miracle of
text: miracles. He walks with head aloft, his shoulders broad and
text: strong, his gaze fixed on the heavens, the crown and glory of
dialog: creation. .
dialog: 18.
dialog: We suggest, in quick succession, the steps by which he moved
text: from a life of nomadic savagery to a settled, stable culture.
text: He tames the reindeer and the wild sheep. He thatches his
text: roof to keep out the shafts of rain. He draws furrows through
text: the earth and guides the water to his fields.
dialog: What a short time our race has occupied this globe, what a
dialog: late arrival we are after all -- a beginning -- creatures
dialog: more of the future than of the past! An unspeakably great
dialog: future it might be, and yet, though nature should be
dialog: sufficient to our wants, we have set ourselves against it,
dialog: and against each other.
text: Everything sings in the great chorus;each knows its place
dialog: and is happy. Man alone does not. i Even now we live in
text: the first day. The splendor of nature's © distant beginning
text: shines within us. Yet somehow we have lost our way.
text: Tares stand among the grain: bright red poppies, thistles and
text: thorns. The ravaged earth. The ruins of ancient cities. Great
text: walls thrown down by war. Dry, abandoned wells. The stone
text: head of some ancient god, buried to his neck in sand. A
text: temple engulfed by the sea.
dialog: Why does the world lie broken and in heaps? Where did it all
dialog: go wrong?
text: Our hero is left, if not quite where he was before,
text: nevertheless in-doubt and misgiving. He trusted nature to
text: answer his questions. It answers some but raises others in
dialog: turn.
dialog: We have lost the eternal ~~ within us and without. How did it
dialog: first come to pass? How does it happen even now, today, in
dialog: the life of each and all?
text: A ladder, leading up into a tree. A spring, running from a
text: rock. A rose.
dialog: How shall we recover the eternal which. increasingly we seek
dialog: for, without knowing how we should?
speaker_heading: PART TWO
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE, HOUSE, BRIDGE, GATE, SPARKS, ETC. - BOMARZO,
scene_heading: COLLODI, BAGNAIA, ETC. - STARLINGS
text: Fast, wide-angle shots; the tempo quick and lively after the
dialog: adagio of nature.
dialog: 19.
text: A shore. Beyond it a dark, unbounded plain. Figures in the
text: mist. Souls, as yet unborn. Children,-of all races, five or
text: six years old. Before them stands a burning lamp.
text: They press towards it, each holding a candle which he lights
text: at the source. One by one, cupping the flame, they go out of
dialog: the darkness.
text: An ancient garden, enclosed by a wall. A peacock. Water flows
text: from the mouth of a gargoyle in the center of the garden and
text: runs down into a pool. They drink from it.
text: They pass through a gate. Cross a bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL, CAVE, BOOK, MEASURING STICK - ICELAND
text: The souls keep close together. Presently, OMe comes forward
text: from among the rest: a boy. Helpers -- we C@nnot see their
text: faces -- whisper in his ear. One motions him to come towards
text: a door. He hesitates.
text: A woman in a bridal gown, her face covered by a veil, shows
text: him her wedding ring; a field of sunflowers; gives him a tiny
dialog: book which he must eat.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES, PORCH LIGHT, RIVER, POV COMING OUT OF CAVE
text: In quick cuts, the child looks back at the house from which
text: he came. Already it seems far away.
text: He sees the porch light of his future home. Moths hover about
text: the yellow lamp. Dust floats up from their wings.
text: A figure whispers in his e@or - A hand motions him forward. Now
text: he stands by a Wide riv@r His POV, as though from a boat
text: coming out of the darkness of a sea-cave, into the light.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: We return to the opening of the movie: to the tall oak tree
text: in front of the O'Brien's house.
text: A thousand ages to lay down a bed of mud, a thousand more to
dialog: shape a leaf or build a tree -- and all this labor to prepare
dialog: a living soul!
dialog: The soul: the crown and apex of creation: the self, the
text: center and inside of nature. Great not in space and time, but
dialog: in capacity, in depth and power of apprehension. Where does
dialog: it come from? When is it first born? How does it advance?
dialog: Towards what?
dialog: How does it happen that I am I, and you are you?
dialog: 20.
text: The slow, dark birth of the soul -- greater, more mysterious
dialog: than the birth of worlds.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A darkened house. The night throbs with crickets. A moonlit
text: window. A curtain whispers over the sash. A visitor. A sound
text: of thrashing cloth.
scene_heading: CULDOSCOPY — EMBRYO - WARM, LOVING MUSIC
text: The first signs of life: the punctum saliens, the heart's
text: germ and precursor, beating in sharp throbs. Systole,
text: diastole. Slowly the fetus grows, coheres. Feet, eyes,
dialog: fingernails. Nature, so prodigal with wonders outside us, has
dialog: placed the greatest within.
text: A boy. Fed by his mother's blood, he sleeps in the warm night
text: of her body.
text: Tight on his ear, listening to the sounds of the world
text: beyond. Somewhere there is laughter. Bells are ringing. Still
text: he drowses.
scene_heading: INT. SUBMERGED ROOM - SPECIAL SET —- LIT FLOOR LAMP, .ETC.
text: The water's surface beckons. Loving voices whisper
text: encouragement to him. What world lies up there -- unguessed,
text: unseen? Slowly, he rises towards it. His hand feels here and
text: there, pushes at a door, taps -- tap, tap --
dialog: The womb -- that s@nctuary where all his wants were known and
text: answered -- has become a prison, a tomb. He mist break out,
dialog: whatever the cost. He can delay no longer. Forward, out of
dialog: the night to the Land of days!
scene_heading: BIRTH - FIRST HUMAN SOUNDS - FIRST BREATH
text: His mother gasps, brave against the pain. There are beads of
text: perspiration on her lips. At last the child bursts forth in a
text: gush of blood. He draws his first breath. His cries are mixed
dialog: with hers. .
scene_heading: BABY'S POVS ~- MOTHER'S SMILE, HANDS, ETC.
text: His mother's smile: the first thing he perceives. It covers
text: him with light. She is goodness, peace, the fountain of life:
text: hers is the very breath of paradise. Wordlessly, she speaks
text: with his soul. He cannot tell where she leaves off and he
text: begins. From.the beginning she ignores her interests and
dialog: convenience to serve his.
dialog: 21.
dialog: But who is this -- his father? Their relation is not as
text: clear. Mr. O'Brien looks at his wife as the child is passed
text: into his arms. Tears of joy sting his eyes. What have we
text: done? he seems to ask.
text: The child has awakened from out of nothing, risen from the
text: uncomprehending dust. Why now? Not earlier, or a thousand
dialog: years hence?
text: He looks with a heart of trust. No care assaults him that his
text: mother cannot answer; no pain, no troubling need. Her touch
text: puts fear to flight. A perfect love surrounds him. Father and
text: mother speak as one. He lives in a world free of
dialog: contradiction.
text: Colors, shapes, curious sounds: at first oothing coheres.
dialog: Then, little by little, things assume @ sense. Letter by
dialog: letter, he spells them out. What new dreQm is this?
text: She looks at him in wonder. His ear, like a sea-shell fresh
text: from the surf; his hands and arms and mouth, trembling from
text: time to time as though in fear.
dialog: O that world that death knew not!
text: He grasps his mother's finger. Her hands cup his feet. The
text: world is bound by her smile. The sun is a toy.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN BEDROOM - INFANCY - MUSIC [2B]
text: She looks at him in his crib. He shouts with delight.
text: Everything runs togéther; a blur, a dream. He holds his hand
text: close to his face. The lights on the tree in the living room
text: shine red, green and blue. His father plays the piano.
text: She leans down OVer him. All blessing, nourishment, beauty
dialog: proceed from her. The promise of deep joy!
text: Outside, the oak tree throbs with cicadas. A sprinkler ticks
dialog: back and forth.
scene_heading: FLOWERS, ANIMALS, BOYS - FORCED PERSPECTIVE SET
text: Everything is bigger and more animated later it will appear.
text: Things speak with him directly. A dragonfly looks at him,
text: then darts on. At night the curious moon peers in through his
dialog: window. Mother, come! Where am I now?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Momma!
dialog: 22.
text: A ball rolls ahead of him. He cannot close his hands around
text: it. He reaches in.a bucket of minnows. The little fish sing
text: as they run from his hand.
text: His mother watches as he takes his first steps. She feels a
text: pinprick in her chest, a pinch: to see his first attempt at
dialog: independence, freedom, detachment.
text: He chases the sky. Hé wraps himself in skirts of light. He
text: laughs with delight as she catches him up into her arms.
text: The table walks, the faucet sings. His happiness in infinite.
text: But in a picture from the story book -- the crocodile pulls
text: on the elephant by his nose. Why? Why does he do that?
scene_heading: HIS FATHER ~ MUSIC
text: He touches his father's beard.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Sandpaper!
text: His father takes a coin out of his ear. How?
text: He sits him on his knee and play Horse. Brrumpphh! Up and
text: down they go. He shrieks with delight.
text: The neighbors have come by. Mr. Bigden makes big faces. The
dialog: grown-ups are heroes and giants in the earth.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: we had +he Commander over for
dialog: dinner -- his little devil bit him
dialog: on 4he ankle!
scene_heading: INT. HALL - MUSIC
text: He wants to go down the dark hall, but he is afraid to by
text: himself. He turns to his mother. She understands, comes
text: forward to take his hand. Overhead, the ceiling opens as the
text: attic fan clicks on. :
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH, OTHER INFANT POVS
text: He picks the neighbors' tulips and brings them to her in a
dialog: wagon.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh, sweetheart! They belong to our
dialog: neighbors! But you're very sweet to
dialog: bring them to your mother. Yes, you
dialog: arel
dialog: 23.
text: She does not frown or scold him. She kisses the bottoms of
text: his feet. She bends over and blows on his tummy to make him
text: laugh. She slips him into his PJs. Lying near her heart,
text: hearing its faint thud, he knows peace.
text: Their attunement grows. They are wrapped together like two
text: vines. One in soul. Still.
text: He throws his bottle on the floor. Patiently she fetches it
text: again. She sets two colored balls in front of him. He touches
text: them, and they roll away, as though with a life of their own.
text: Clouds, grass, sun, water, flower: the world is a rebus.
text: Wordiessly, it speaks with him --
scene_heading: INT. CRIB - NEW CHILD - WINDOW
text: A crib stands in front of a bright window, A new child lies
dialog: in it; his brother RL.
dialog: How friendly the universe looks to his mother now! A gift
dialog: from the light! How kind the divinity who favored her this
dialog: way!
text: She is born at the same time as her children. She learns from
text: their laughter. She grows. up with them.
text: She whispers a blessing.
text: Jack looks at his new brother. At: first he does not share his
dialog: mother's pleasure. When will it do something? Will it go. back
dialog: to the hospital?
speaker_heading: . JACK
dialog: Baby night night!
text: He hears the baby's shouts of joy, its squeals and warbles of
text: delight. Now he must share her love. She holds it instead.
text: TIGHT ON BOOK OF ANIMALS
text: Lion, tiger, dog, bird: he names the creatures. She shows
text: them to him in a book, and he names them one by one.
text: Baby blocks. Letters shaped into new combinations. The world
text: assumes a sense, moves towards a design.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD -— MOVING OUTDOORS FOR THE FIRST TIME
text: Mother and father plant a sweetgum tree to mark the new
text: baby's birth. They take his picture next to it. The tree's
dialog: growth will serve as a measure of. the children's own.
dialog: 24.
text: Far away a bell rings. He rushes out to look for the ice
text: cream truck. His grandmother calls him away from the street.
text: She looks for him, she cannot find him. He understands that
text: he can hide from her. The tension is too great:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Here's me!
text: We move in widening circles, farther and farther away from
text: his first, familiar world.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER SHOT (SWIMMING POOL)
text: Weightless, he bounces through the shallow end of a swimming
text: pool, his feet pushing off the bottom.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hold your nose! Not out in the
dialog: deep!
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM
text: He sneaks into his parents' bedroom. In a chest of drawers,
text: he discovers his father's campaign ribbons, a commendation
text: from the admiral, scapulars from the Sisters of St. Anne,
text: Chinese money in fantastic denominations. He marvels at the
dialog: mystery of their separate lives.
text: Suddenly, he hears a noise. He turns to discover his mother
text: in the doorway.
speaker_heading: 1 MOTHER
dialog: Ther@S where we keep our things,
dialog: sweetheart. Leave those alone. All
dialog: ci ght?
text: He nods. She overlooks his faults, his fits of willfulness
text: and temper. The music babhes all things in love.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST SNOW
text: He reaches out to feel his first snow. She stands behind him
dialog: smiles.
scene_heading: ANOTHER DAY - STEVE
text: He turns around at the sound of a baby's cry.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where's his momma?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He's your new brother.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How many of them will there be?
text: On closer examination he finds the child fascinating. He
text: touches it, strokes its skin.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHOW DOG - DUSK
text: He fears a dog that lives down the street with Howard and
text: Rusty Wells, two neighbors the boys' own age; a chow with a
text: purple tongue and a curling tail. There is a menace in its
text: eyes. The instant it appears, panic enters his blood. His
text: mother feels him clutch her hand more tightly, as though he
text: understood that he were small and vulnerable. She gives him a
dialog: look to say: I will protect you.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - THE NEW BABYS CRIT®
text: Jack wants to stroke the new baby, then to pour a glass of
text: water on him. A glance from his mother restrains him.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STICKLEYS' - A PROPERTY LINE
text: Next door, across a vacant lot teeming with snakes and
text: lizards, stands a dilapidated house. No one has ever seen the
dialog: owners come in or go out.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Stay away. Don't bother them.
dialog: That's the Stickleys' property.
dialog: Starting at this line.
text: He looks at the ground, but where the vacant lot leaves off
text: and the Stickleys’ yard begins, he cannot tell and does not
dialog: care.
speaker_heading: JACK'S POVS
text: His parents. guard him carefully from the sight of anything
text: which might disturb him. One day, when he sees a man rolling
text: wildly on the ground, his mother puts her hands over his
text: eyes. Sweeping him up into her arms, she carries him away.
text: He looks at her with a frown. What was in that man?
text: Bath time. Fear is forgotten. The boys make no effort to
dialog: cover their nakedness.
text: Everything is pure and without blemish. All quarrels are
text: hidden from his eyes; all sickness, suffering and death. He
dialog: knows what Adam did.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: CUT, MERTHIOLATE, SPINNING ON THE GRASS, SPINNING FAN
text: He hears his mother singing in the kitchen.
text: She catches him by the hands and’spins him round and round,
text: until he is so dizzy he can no longer stand up, but stumbles
text: around drunkenly until he sinks down in the grass.
text: The whirling fan. Water from the hose. He loves all that
dialog: flows.
text: The 4th of July: a sparkler makes figures in the night.
text: Laughter is the dominant tone of thig section. Knowledge is
text: delight. Sorrow is a passing thing. All glows from deep
dialog: within.
text: He falls and cuts his knee. It hurts when she puts on the
text: drops, but then she blows the pain away.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: All right .now?
text: He laughs. With the touch of her hand, she restores him to
dialog: peace.
speaker_heading: SOAP BUBBLES
text: He blows soap bubbles into. the air; wondrous, iridescent.
text: They drift off and are gone. Delight does not last.
text: Gradually, the subte radiance passes from things, as though
text: a layer of cloud had come over the sun. Slowly as the dawn,
text: the boy is growing up. Music helps to indicate this change.
text: Something violent and unfamiliar disturbs him when he sees
text: his mother paying te much attention to his little brother.
text: Gradually the world enters his life. Little by little, he
dialog: will come to set great store by things he never dreamt of
dialog: before.
text: He snatches a toy away from RL.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mine!
speaker_heading: JACK'S POVS
text: RL sees a cat:
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Is he scared of kids? What does he
dialog: do to kids? Does he lick kids?
speaker_heading: LAMP
text: Jack knocks over a lamp. It falls to the floor and breaks.
text: His mother enters the room.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Did you do this? Were you boys
dialog: horsing around?
dialog: (Jack nods)
dialog: You always tell the truth. You're a
dialog: good boy. Be more careful next
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CRAYON DRAWING
text: She compliments RL on a drawing he has done. Jack puts his
dialog: own aside. Already RL is the better artist.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who .do you love most?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I love you all the same.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: All three?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Can I tell you something he did?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: “Would he mind your telling me?
text: So fine a scruple had not occurred to him. He learns from her
dialog: the subtle ways of honor, truth.
dialog: The supreme joy that life can offer is to see her pleased, as
dialog: when one does well in school, or tells the truth.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE (FRONT YARD)
text: When some of the neighborhood kids push RL into a puddle,
text: Jack rushes at them with a stick and puts them to flight.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Clear out!
text: He flings rocks at the retreating figures. RL looks at him
text: gratefully. As they go back to the house, he puts his arm
text: around his big brother's waist. Music enters.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE (BACKYARD) - MUSIC - DUSK
text: The family is sitting out on the back terrace. Chicken is
text: cooking in the smoker. She takes RL up into her arms and
text: points toward the horizon. The sun has just set; the sky is a
text: furnace of light.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That's where God lives.
scene_heading: THE OTHER WORLD ~ MUSIC
text: The world is not yet something completely known and real. It
text: continues to seem as though some nook or passageway might
dialog: give them access to another land. One might pry up a
text: floorboard, or at the back of the close discover some
text: unsuspected room.
dialog: That other world: where does it lie? Inside the walls, in the
dialog: crawl space underneath the house: who might live there? He
text: gets down on his knees. and looks through a vent. He peers
text: into a far corner of the attic.
text: Within his world it seems there is another world; a nest of
dialog: worlds.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM - NIGHT
text: Night has fallen. Mrs. O'Brien sits by the baby's crib and
text: sings a lullaby.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Bye; baby bunting, Daddy's gone a-
dialog: hunting, to get a little rabbit
dialog: skin
text: She kisses RL goodnight- She shuts out the light. The fan
text: turns back and forth.In their young hearts, she is the name
dialog: for God.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Leave it on.
text: The tiny nightlight watches over their sleep, burning evenly
text: through the long hours until morning.
text: In the moonlight the bushes assume a tropical size; the
dialog: leaves are painted silver. You would think the moon had
dialog: chosen where to shine.
text: Mrs. O'Brien comes back to give RL an aspirin crushed in a
text: spoonful of molasses.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: What's that noise?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Can you push the chest of drawers
dialog: against the wall?
text: There is a narrow crack between them. What might slide in
text: through it? Jack feels lean and alone in the vast palace of
dialog: the night.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Now sleep -- like good boys.
text: The shadows dance on the ceiling. tt is ‘hough they were
text: alive. Strange faces peer out at them from the darkness.
text: Nothing stands still. Things come and go, ebb and flow.
speaker_heading: STEVE (0.S.)
dialog: Why does the moon follow me?
text: No sooner has she left the room, than the boys are up and
text: about. They bounce on their beds. They inspect the glowing
text: tubes in the back of the radio. They take voyages under the
text: sheets and blankets. They hold a flashlight underneath their
dialog: faces.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: When their mother com@s in later, she at first cannot locate
text: them. One child is under his bed, another sleeping on the
text: floor. She lifts +hem up, and puts them back in their places,
text: kisses them and closes the door.
text: Light shines through the keyhole. His infancy has passed
text: away, as though in a single day. His innocence is ended.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM - FIVE YEARS LATER [2C]
text: Jack wakes up. All is as it was before. Where was he? The
text: sweetgum tree that was planted at his brother's birth marks
dialog: the passage of five years.
text: His eyes until now have been shielded from the sight of evil,
text: suffering and death; his family united, with no hint of
text: contradiction between his mother and father.
text: The world coheres. Things assume their conventional names and
text: take their customary places. We settle into the main epoch of
dialog: the story.
dialog: 30.
text: Jack is now 11 years old, in 6th grade, his brothers 9 and 6.
text: RL is a gentle boy, loved by all, quiet and generous, with a
text: good sense of humor. Steve is combative, wild, but brave and
text: loyal, too. A title card reads: "TEXAS, 1956".
dialog: Where before we kept entirely to the family's house, we now
dialog: shall venture farther and farther into the neighborhood and
text: eventually out into the town in central Texas where they
dialog: live, far from the world at large.
text: The neighbors' yards are shaded by oak trees and surrounded
text: by low hedges that the children have cut gaps through. The
text: O'Brien house stands with five or six others on the last
text: street in a subdivision. Its front is turned towards the
text: other houses. Behind it lie the open woods: rolling hills of
text: juniper, broken here and there by Cow pastures.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORS' LAWNS - SIMPLER TIMES
text: Now that the heat of the afternoon is past, the neighbors lay
text: their hoses out. The sprinklers start up with a cough.
text: Standing with their sleeves rolled up, the men regard them
text: gravely, each adjusting his faucet until the water falls
text: precisely to the lawn's perimeter.
text: Rapt as a bird, Jack watches the sprinklers spin round and
text: round, until he hears his mother calling him home.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: She is preparing dinner. She notices that the children have
text: grown steadily more quiet and watchful.
speaker_heading: - MOTHER
dialog: Did you swepthe patio, honey? Did
dialog: you gebyour room?
text: The boys go quickly about their chores. They sweep up the
text: patio and wet it down with a hose to make it look fresh. They
text: pull up a few handfuls of. crab grass and leave them in a
text: conspicuous place. Then, in the distance, they see a green
text: Studebaker approaching.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: The tires hiss on the concrete. The boys are still and
text: expectant. A moment later their father steps through the
text: front door.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Hi, sweetheart! Boys!
dialog: 31.
text: He kisses their mother and turns to face them. They do not
text: know quite how to act with him. He catches them up into his
text: arms -- physically shows them every sign of affection -- but
text: they are wary of him and hold themselves apart. They
dialog: understand that he is devoted to them. He would never abandon
dialog: them, no, but always protect them. Still they do not trust
dialog: him.
text: He pours himself a shot of rye, passes the glass back and
text: forth under his nose, then tosses it down. As soon as his
text: back is turned, the boys slip away.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait a minute!
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - LAWN
text: He shows Jack a patch of their lawn tnat ‘5 overrun with crab
text: grass and burrs.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Did you pick the weeds along the
dialog: side of the house? Or only where I
dialog: could see?
dialog: (Jack shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: They're back again. You need to
dialog: pull them up by the roots. You
dialog: can't just yank off the tops.
text: He shows Jack what he means. To the child it seems the weeds
dialog: must run off to tk nd of the earth; a labor beyond his
dialog: strength.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: The boys look at each Other from underneath their eyes as
dialog: their father says grace.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Lord, bless this house, and all
dialog: those who live within it. Bless
dialog: this food to our use, and us to thy
dialog: loving and faithful service, and
dialog: make us ever mindful of the needs
dialog: of others. Amen.
text: Dinner is a nervous time, often a little hell. A symphony is
text: playing on the record player. From time to time Mr. O'Brien
text: leaps up from the table to conduct a 2 passage that has
dialog: inspired him.
dialog: 32.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Am I dreaming?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Pass the butter, please.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: “Pass the butter, please, Sir."
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: So, what did you do today 2
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Went to school.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: After that.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Did you practice your piano?
text: Jack studies the beads of moisture on his aluminum glass.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What about the yard?
speaker_heading: . JACK
dialog: I picked where you told me to.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Did you Put in more runners?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: "Yes, Sir." It didn't look like it.
dialog: We'll see.
text: The boys regard him warily. His sharp, sarcastic words, and
text: orders so irrational he hardly expects that they will be
dialog: obeyed.
text: He never asks what they did at school. He does not know the
dialog: names of their friends. Were he to inquire, they would
dialog: suspect it was a trap.
dialog: 33.
text: The boys bolt down their food. A shadow passes over Jack's
text: eyes as RL is taken to task. His mother sees this and reaches
text: out to caress his hair. The little knot of anger melts away.
dialog: The
dialog: and
dialog: She
dialog: it;
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You like that blouse on your
dialog: mother?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I got it for her in Saltillo. The
dialog: same blouse here would cost $40.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Nice.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (to Mrs. O'Brien)
dialog: I got an urgent message from
dialog: Tampico. There's a fellow down
dialog: there who wants to consult with me.
dialog: He wants to take me fishing on his
dialog: yacht and get my advice. I told him
dialog: I was too busy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Mr. Reese liked Jack's book report
dialog: and said he wanted him to build a
dialog: model. He offered to come over and
dialog: hel
text: music has distracted Mr, o'Brien. He leaps from his chair
text: turns up the volume.
speaker_heading: FATHER .
dialog: What's that playing, sweetheart? It
text: starts with a "B".
text: shakes her head. His wild energy sweeps all things before
text: he seldom waits for an answer.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What's my favorite food?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Lamb? Fresh peas?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No, no! Keep on!
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: . MOTHER
dialog: Rice?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Right! Okay, start from there. B-R-
text: She offers no guess. He frowns. Is she defying him?
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Brahms! Brahms!
text: He conducts the music with passionate gestures. He points to
text: the photographs of Toscanini on the record jacket. Sometimes
text: he acts so like a child that the children themselves are
dialog: embarrassed.
text: Seeing the look of cold anger in Jack's eyes, he-comes over
text: and kisses him. He knows the boys do not like being kissed.
dialog: He does it anyway; partly, they suspect, for that very
dialog: reason.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: He wrote this in 1883. Everyone
dialog: told him he was finished, that he
dialog: would never write a decent piece of
dialog: music again, so he worked hard and
text: went off in a park -- and sat under
text: a tree. And he saw a deer running
dialog: under the trees, and it gave him
dialog: the idea.
text: The boys eye each other. Everyone knows that he is lying.
dialog: Doesn't he care?.
speaker_heading: ATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: 1 read an article about it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: After dinner, the children scrape their plates and leave them
text: in the sink to soak. They waste no time getting out of the
text: house. They run, afraid that he might call them back.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD
text: The boys clasp each other by the wrists and spin each other
text: round and round, until they are so dizzy that their knees
text: buckle and they fall down in the grass.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Another thing you can do -- press
dialog: down on the top of your head this
dialog: way -- then you grow!
dialog: 35.
text: They practice heroic, diving catches.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Tie me to a tree! Nobody help!
dialog: (once this is
dialog: done)
dialog: Help! Help!
text: Eventually, RL comes back and unties him.
text: RL squeezes the trunk of the tree. He feels it rock back and
text: forth in his arms -- knows the savage life beneath its bark.
text: They string words together to make A Magic formula that can
text: cause them to vanish into thin air.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Caleecha Makeecha!
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Fireflies appear beneath the branches. Frogs flop in the
text: cold, drowned grass. The boys wrest the iron lid off the
text: water meter. Beneath it, a toad sits still as a stone.
text: Against the darkening sky, somewhere beyond the horizon, they
text: begin to make out the red lights of a radio tower.
text: Jack and RL go looking for the Bates boys. Steve calls out to
text: them to wait up. He wants to come along, too. Jack shakes his
text: head. He will only slow them down.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Go back and wait on the porch.
dialog: Count to Fifty, then you come.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Let hiw Come.
text: Jack considers the request. Maybe they could lure him into a
dialog: trap or push him off the roof. Steve will do anything they
dialog: ask of him.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Am I dreaming?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on!
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: GAMES
text: The splash a big rock makes when it plunges into the water!
dialog: The pleasure of destroying an ant mound! The burn of a rope
dialog: racing through your hands!
text: They play Annie Annie Over with Harry and Joe Bates. Cayler,
text: the kid from Oak Ridge Lane, drifts over. Others follow.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You're skinny.
speaker_heading: CAYLER
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: People say I'm short.
text: They mount their bicycles and skid on +he slick parts of the
text: street. Traffic is episodic in this part of town.
text: Howard Wells appears, a gaunt child who lives in the last
text: house on the block, where the road turns to gravel.
text: They smoke a vine.
text: They cut across lawns and through flower beds. Fences mean
dialog: nothing to them; they make no distinctions of property. They
dialog: play without permission wherever they choose.
scene_heading: THE STICKLEYS' HOUSE - DUSK
text: They look through Q gate at the Stickleys' house. Even after
text: dark no light burns Bithia it. The boys suspect the occupants
dialog: must be very peculiar, or have something to hide.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: They were here before anybody else
dialog: moved in. Nobody's ever seen ‘em!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They wouldn't mind a visitor,
dialog: Howard.
speaker_heading: CAYLER
dialog: Maybe you should drop in.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: They've been waiting for you!
text: Howard yelps as they push him towards the gate. They laugh
text: and run away.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Not It! Not It!
dialog: They know the other world in their play. It calls to them,
text: summons them. It seems to want them to find it.
text: They run through the sprinklers, to feel the water splash up
text: under their chins.
text: They throw a baseball back and forth over the roof until they
text: can barely see it against the darkening sky.
text: They play Kick-the-Can. They are out where the pavement ends
text: and the new houses are going up, when +hey begin to hear
text: their mothers' voices.
speaker_heading: MRS. BATES (0.5)
dialog: Harry! Joe!
text: The other children drift away; first the Bates boys, then
text: Cayler. Finally only Howard Wells is left.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: RL! Stevie!
text: Her lovely voice floats on the evening air.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We've got to go, Howard.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
text: We Caq still play on the porch.
text: He seems reluctant to leav@- He hangs around, as though he
dialog: had nowhere elg to play:
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Your mom doesn't care what time you
dialog: get home? You're lucky.
text: Howard shrugs. Maybe so.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We've got to go.
text: Howard gives them a blank, haunted look. Then, without saying
text: a word, he turns and heads home.
text: The boys can barely make their mother's figure out where she
text: stands by the porch light in the gathering darkness. How
dialog: pleasant to defy her -- to pretend you have not heard -- to
text: dissolve into the night, where even the dogs are blind.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Come in!
text: They race around in the dark, making noises. The wind rushes
text: past them. It still wants to play.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Scorpions! Scorpion dance!
text: They dance around, to keep the scorpions who come up onto the
text: warm patio at dusk from stinging them -- leaping about like
text: dervishes, spinning, shrieking with laughter and fear. To be
dialog: dissolved into something greater, to know a more: this is
dialog: happiness. :
speaker_heading: MOTHER ,
dialog: Come in right now, you little
dialog: potlickers!
text: A boy named Robert watches from the distance.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: They slip quietly toward their bedroom, hoping to avoid their
text: father, who sits bya gooseneck lamp reading the paper.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Son? Come here. Reach me my
dialog: lighter.
text: He could as easily reach it himself. It seems he wants to
text: harass the child, +o demonstrate his authority. Jack glances
text: at his mother, who leoks at the ground as soon as she meets
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: ' JACK
dialog: can't you reach it?
text: His father does not answer. Jack goes over, picks up the
text: lighter, gives it to him and starts off toward the bedroom.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Haven't you forgotten something?
text: He points to his cheek. The child comes over and gives him a
dialog: kiss goodnight.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that all I get?
text: Jack kisses him again, coldly, and gives him a hug.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You love your father?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM
text: Jack says goodnight to the rocks in his rock collection. He
text: whispers their names: apatite, chalcedony, azurite, obsidian.
speaker_heading: RL (0.8
dialog: -+-and please don't let aay
text: catastrophes happen while “rim still
text: alive. Amen.
scene_heading: JACK'S POV ON HIS FATHER - NIGHT
text: Mr. O'Brien has gone into the living room to play the piano.
text: Jack watches him through a crack in the door.
dialog: Their father is an accomplished musician. Their home is never
text: more friendly and at peace than when he sits at the piano,
dialog: playing Bach or Chopin.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM ~ DAY
text: Day streams through the windows. The sparrows fuss underneath
text: the eaves.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: ‘The laziest boys I've ever seen!
text: She reaches under the covers and tickles their feet. When
text: this does not work, she comes back with a tray of ice cubes
text: wrapped in a dish towel and lays it against their backs.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: No fair!
text: Jack looks outside. The Studebaker is gone. There is laughter
text: in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stevie!
text: They call to their little brother. When he comes running down
text: the hall, they jerk a rope they have concealed in a seam of
text: the carpet, and he goes sprawling.
dialog: 40.
text: He is silent for a moment, then gets up quickly, laughing.
text: Shep races around in mad excitement.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hurry, or you'll be late!
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Mom? Every night do you grow? Mom --
dialog: suppose somebody steals our
dialog: clothes?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Then you'll just have to run home
dialog: bare-naked!
text: She pats him on the cheek. He is the gentlest of the boys.
dialog: When he was an infant, he only want@d +p sit on her lap. Jack
text: suspects that he might be her favorite.
scene_heading: EXT. WACO STREET
text: Jack and RL run to school.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL
text: They part reluctantly as the first bell rings. No school
dialog: friend can take a brother's place.
scene_heading: INT. FIFTH-GRADE CLASSROOM
text: Jack's teacher, Mr. Reese, is a dapper man with a high voice
text: and a Clark Gable moustache. Jack glances around nervously.
text: He has trouble keeping his mind on the lessons; trouble, too,
text: getting along with the other children. He does not know why.
text: There is a prety) freckled girl whom he would particularly
dialog: like to make ag impression on. Her name is Marsha. She is
text: graceful, with long brown hair. Her smile leaves him
text: pleasantly confused.
text: He listens in rapture as Marsha stands in front of the whole
text: class and sings, "Once I Had a Secret Love."
speaker_heading: BOY (0.S-)
dialog: She's nice and stuff. I put a roach
text: in her desk.
text: When he comes upon her alone in. the hall -- the opportunity
text: he has been waiting for -- his heart comes to his throat, and
text: he walks past her without saying a word.
dialog: Al.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET - LAME MAN
text: One afternoon with his mother, Jack sees a lame man hobbling
text: along the sidewalk.
text: He watches in pity and horror as the man limps away. That
dialog: shape could be his. Nothing that he knows or possesses could
dialog: defend him. It might happen at any moment. Without rhyme or
text: reason. It might be right around the corner, or come up from
dialog: behind.
text: He turns to his mother:
speaker_heading: JACK .
dialog: Is this a rare thing? Can it happen
dialog: to anyone?
text: She looks at him, nods. A trouble comes into his mind. He
dialog: does not know the cause.
dialog: She can make hurt and fear go away. But sickness? What if one
dialog: of them got sick? What if she herself did?
text: He remembers a man in the barber shop with one shoe bigger
dialog: than the other. What. did it hide, that big shoe?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM ~ GRANDMOTHER
text: Some days afterwards his grandmother is visiting. Her bright
text: spirits do not distract him from noticing her arthritic
text: hands, the veins in her arms, her bunioned feet projecting
text: off the end of the ttoman. Again, he feels a strange pity,
dialog: that is mixed with Q Certain horror, too. Is this his fate?
dialog: His mother's? why does M0 one speak of what haunts him? He
dialog: cannot believe dhat he might die, or ever lie in the grave.
text: No, death does not apply to him. His mother reassures him:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We all get old. It's nothing to be
dialog: frightened of.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Like that? Will you?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Will 1?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Everyone. Look at Shep!
text: He remembers Austin, the skinny boy who could not stop
text: pacing. He remembers a woman shouting at her boyfriend on a
text: downtown street, and a crazy woman who called him over to see
text: a baby carriage with a doll stretched out in it.
dialog: 42.
text: It seems there are things he can no longer escape with a leap
text: into her lap. The world is a burning house.
text: And still her smile quickly cheers him. He forgets what he
dialog: saw
speaker_heading: GRANDMOTHER
dialog: You let these kids run wild.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They're so curious, Mom -- so
dialog: anxious to learn. I spend most of
dialog: my time trying to stop fights
dialog: between them. What a full
dialog: They're like wild horses.
scene_heading: GRANDMOTHER .
dialog: No discipline. There's the biggest
dialog: change in those boys when heir dad
dialog: comes home! Little devils!
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: I know you!
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DDT TRUCK
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: The DDT truck!
text: Already other kids are running behind the truck which
text: periodically passes through the neighborhood to spray for
text: mosquitoes. Jack and RL laugh and shout and wave their arms,
text: running joyfully-in and out of the cloud of insecticide. The
text: driver laughs and woves as though he were driving an ice-
text: cream truck. Howard dees ot look at’ Jack when he asks:
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: You want to spend the night at my
dialog: house?
scene_heading: EXT. WELLS' HOUSE - DUSK
text: Howard leads Jack towards his house. In the fading light it
text: appears oddly: solitary. No light shines from within.
scene_heading: INT. WELLS' HOUSE
dialog: Jack had looked forward to coming here. But his heart sinks
text: as he enters the house for the first time. The heavy drapes
text: are drawn tight shut. One breathes an atmosphere of sorrow,
text: an air of insufferable gloom. The mere contemplation of the
text: dark Spanish furniture, the mounted antelope heads and limp,
text: dusty magazines unnerves him.
dialog: 43.
text: There are stacks of old papers here and there. Cardboard
text: boxes stand in the corner, yet unpacked. The living room is
text: like an attic; the lights are dim, and the lampshades yellow
text: with age. There are withered roses in a vase.-.No life here,
dialog: only a memory of life.
text: Howard is shy enough when they are playing, but now he seems
text: especially silent and afraid. He looks around anxiously for
text: some game to play.
text: Mrs. Wells knocks things over in the kitchen,’ weaving as she
text: prepares their dinner. She wears a bathrobe. Jack does not
text: get a clear look at her.
speaker_heading: HOWARD .
dialog: She said we could do anydhin we
dialog: want.
text: They walk on a table. They drink pop and play with knives.
text: Howard even throws a knife into the back of a door.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where's your dad, Howard?
text: Howard makes a gesture as though to say: He just took off!
text: Went! Jack sees that Mrs. Wells is in her bedclothes, though
text: it is not time for bed. He turns to Howard, who looks away.
text: He gazes at Mrs. Wells with astonishment and dread. He is
text: careful to spare Howard's feelings and smiles awkwardly.
text: A few minutes later, he asks Howard if he can use the phone.
text: Howard nods. Jack calls his mother. He takes care to speak
text: softly. Howard iS Standing nearby but, with an exquisite
text: consideration, be turns away.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Mother, Can I come home?
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S8.)
dialog: What's the matter, hon?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nothing. I can walk.
text: Howard does not seem surprised. He makes no protest.
text: Jack shakes his hand, in an awkward effort to reassure him of
text: his friendship. Rusty peers out of his room at the older
text: boys. He has been quiet the whole time.
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: EXT. WELLS HOUSE - DUSK
text: Jack goes home, dragging his blanket behind him. The Wellis'
text: chow dog watches but does not chase him. The unhappy house
text: looms in the background as the whistle of a distant train
text: pierces the stillness.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jack throws himself into his mother's arms.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There's nothing like that, is
dialog: there?
text: She frowns. He cannot tell her what is disturbing him. Things
text: no longer speak with one voice. He has descended into the
dialog: world of duality.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM
text: That night his mother says a prayer by their beds; a rare
text: occurrence. While she hears their prayers, she does not often
text: join in them. They glance at each other.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mother, which one of us do you love
dialog: most?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I love you all three the same.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: But ~~ we don't care -- who most?
text: She laughs and kisseS RL's feet.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: How can you do that? It's
dialog: disgusting.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, I'm sorry. His feet were
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, but you don't kiss them!
text: RL teases his brother with a glance.
text: She reads the story of Peter Rabbit to the younger boys. She
dialog: has done so a hundred times before. It is the only story they
dialog: ask to hear.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: "\...But don't go into Mr.
dialog: MacGregor's garden. Your father had
text: an accident there; he was put in a
dialog: pie by Mrs. MacGregor."
text: Now only Jack is still awake.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What's you favorite part of school?
speaker_heading: JACK |
dialog: Lunch.
text: She looks at RL who lies nearby.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You love your little brother, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Uh huh. I don't know how far he'll
dialog: get.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: When we're out in the woods, he
dialog: just likes to gawk at the fish. And
dialog: sometimes --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: --~ he. doesn't stick up for himself,
dialog: or hit back. What's going to happen
dialog: to him?
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: You can talk him out of his money
text: or whatever he has in his pocket.
text: He kept a dead minnow in his
dialog: wallet. Just thinking about it
dialog: makes me want to throw up. I'm not
dialog: kidding.
text: She laughs. At the same time, it troubles her to see the
text: first signs of self in him. She knows the way this road must
dialog: lead.
dialog: 46.
text: Whether it be his grandmother, or Mrs. Wells in her draped
text: rooms, or the lame man downtown, Jack quickly forgets every
text: disturbance in the mystery that comes punctually at the end
text: of the day, when the world melts away and he enters the land
dialog: of forgetting.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM —- WITH IDEALIZED IMAGES OF OTHER HOMES
text: Mr. O'Brien clinks a glass with his. spoon to get their
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Lord, bless this house. May there
dialog: be peace within its walls . May all
dialog: who live here be true to each
dialog: other. And please be good 4+ Ed, my
dialog: brother. He's been 300d +o hundreds
dialog: of people. Amen.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Take your elbows off the table.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I was going to.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You defy me.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You Know.
dialog: One does not feel his an is caused by this trifle of
dialog: putting one's @lbows on Nhe table, but that it was there to
text: begin with. It does Mot last long. A moment later he might be
text: showing them affection. Kissing them. Pinching their butts.
text: They do not like it, but he does not seem to care.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: It's how I was raised!
text: He has a taste for hot peppers. The imprint of his kisses
dialog: burns their cheeks.
speaker_heading: - FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you whimpering?
speaker_heading: STEVE
text: I felt a scorpion crawl up my back.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Nonsense.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: It happened the other night. I
text: squeezed him till he was dead.
text: The older boys laugh.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You may leave the table.
text: He turns to Jack.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you continue to defy me? I
dialog: need to know. Either you take me
dialog: into your confidence, aS a son
dialog: should his father, or -~wait,
dialog: you're interrupting’ me-- I'm not
dialog: done yet. Do you think I can
dialog: finish? Thank you, your m@ésty.
text: Jack grinds his teeth.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You could do these simple things if
dialog: you really wanted to. Say "Sir".
dialog: Not slam the screen door. I'll give
dialog: you one more chance. Are you a good
dialog: boy? Then do as I ask. Obey your
dialog: father.
text: He rules the world from his chair at the head of the table.
dialog: His opinion is correct. He can tell others how to order their
dialog: lives, what they Should do. Every other opinion is willful,
dialog: mad.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: Later, Jack overhears his mother and father whispering in the
dialog: living room.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: You haven't filed an income tax
dialog: return for the last three years...
dialog: gambled our savings away...cards...
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: With you have an equal chance.
dialog: Besides, I've denied myself. I have
dialog: the right to a few pleasures!
text: Jack approaches the door to the living room, slightly ajar.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: You're never home. I don't know
dialog: whether it's good or bad...
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: ...throw it back in my face!
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: We loved each other. I thought it
dialog: would last forever. I wanted to die
dialog: in your arms. You remember how
dialog: happy we were. You remember --
text: Jack does not stir. He knew somethi was amiss. He never
dialog: suspected it might be anything so dawk and unfathomable.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (QS) (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought I could make you jove me,
dialog: but I see you can't do that. T
dialog: don't know what makes somebody love
dialog: you, but it's not something you do.
dialog: You don't get it by being kind or
dialog: generous or anything like that --
text: Bugs dive into the screens and bounce off with a thrum. The
text: fight leaps and lurches about. As Jack approaches the door,
text: their words gradually become more coherent, until at last we
text: cut to them inside the living room.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: They get anxious when they know
dialog: you on your way home. They jump
dialog: around. You discipline them too
dialog: much. You expect them to act like
dialog: adults. You @xpect things of them
dialog: they can't possibly achieve.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: They learn respect.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That's not how to get them to
dialog: respect you. Can't you see they're
dialog: afraid of you -- their own father?
speaker_heading: FATHER .
dialog: You don't back me up. They have ten
dialog: times what we ever did.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You're never happy with anything
dialog: they do.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: There's always something wrong with
dialog: it. Even your own mother told you
dialog: so!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Leave her out of this!
text: Jack sees RL is awake, sits down beside him and hugs him
text: close. RL studies a compass. The needle moves without being
dialog: touched. _
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: We can't keep on like this. We're
dialog: driving each other crazy. Why do
dialog: you act like such a tyraul?
text: She suffers from his injustice toward the children, from his
text: dark, inexplicable rages. She feelg herSelf, everything,
text: being annihilated by him. She has lost her freedom.
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: You want to see what a tyrant is
dialog: like?
text: ‘He cannot break free of her. She is the rock on which he
text: stands. Yet she will not be one with him.
text: He seems to come apart inside. A lust for destruction fills
text: his blood. Yet what does he have in life but her? Nothing.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: What is Mom crying about?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: She's not crying.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Listen.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, she won't cry for long.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Why are they that way?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING. ROOM
text: The next day the boys are very solicitous of their mother.
text: They fix her a sandwich and bring her a cup of tea.
text: She keeps her pain to herself. Whom can she confide in?
text: Neighbors talk, and she would alarm those whom she loves. She
text: is lonely, far from her own people. In shorthand, for
text: discretion's sake, she jots down her thoughts.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - CLOTHESLINE
text: Jack watches her set the laundry out to dry.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What are you thinking, hon?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nothing.
text: She begins to chase him; a girl again. He runs around the
text: house, breathless with delight. Then, all at once, he does
text: not hear her. When he goes back to look for her, she jumps
text: out of the shadows. He does not lau
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't fight with Dad.
text: She looks away, embarrassed. How much doeg he know? His heart
text: aches for her, constantly. She feels him back of her, waiting
text: on her, bearing what part of the burden he can.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE -— LAWN
text: Mr. O'Brien inspects the lawn.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Get clear to the edge.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There's so much. All crab grass. I
dialog: can't. Z won't.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Are you sure?
text: Jack looks away, backing down. He hates himself for it.
text: Later, he watches hig father strop a straight razor.
scene_heading: EXT. BRAZOS RIVER
text: His father is teaching him how to swim, mocking his fears,
text: calling him farther, out into the deep. His feet are barely
text: able to touch the muddy rocks at the bottom.
text: There is no one on the shore. No one to see.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Come out. Farther.
text: Why? Jack gasps for air. Would his father -- Why so far?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Swim.
text: A POV looking up from the depths. What lies below?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Was that a water moccasin?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Did you see the head and that's
dialog: all? That's a turtle.
text: Later, dressing together, he looks at his father's powerful
text: body. He is weak and slight while his flather is strong.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - LAWN - DUSK
text: He picks crab grass at the edge of tne yard . Tears come to
text: his eyes. The oak tree looks down as though in sympathy.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DUSK
text: He almost has made his way through the living room when his
text: father puts down the newspaper.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Did you get it all?
text: Jack nods. He deceives his father. This way is better, though
text: it hurts his sense of honor. He still tells his mother the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: JACK
speaker_heading: Elie 68ND
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't. I've told lies myself. I've
dialog: tried it. It's not the best way.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - TIGHT ON HANDS
text: Jack has divided a cupcake his mother baked into two
text: portions. Steve waits for his. Turning to Jack, she asks:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Are they equal? Give him the piece
dialog: you want.
text: It is a revelation.
text: She sends the boys out with raspberries with instructions to
text: leave them on Mrs. Stickley's front step.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM - NIGHT
text: Tonight it is their father who comes to visit them before
text: they go to sleep. He turns the gooseneck lamp towards the
text: wall and amuses them by making silhouettes on it with his
text: hands. A duck! A bear! A dog! He makes their faces up with a
text: burnt cork. Steve gets to blow out the match. Now discord
dialog: seems a dream. Why can't it be this way every night -- in the
dialog: daytime, too?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: I remember when you were born. They
dialog: wouldn't let me come home! The Navy
dialog: said: "An officer must be present
dialog: at the laying of the Keel, but not
dialog: at the launching"!
text: He gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: sit with us.
text: He shakes his head, and moves to the door.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Don't close. it all the way.
text: Jack listens as his father plays the piano. His brothers are
text: asleep. How ravishing the music sounds as it comes floating
dialog: down the hall. How strange that there should be such
text: tenderness in a man otherwise so coarse, so unreasonable!
dialog: That one who professeS to love you should cause you injury
dialog: and suffering, yet Appear not to care that he does!
scene_heading: HIGH DOWN ANGLE~ HELICOPTER SHOT - SCREECH OWL
text: The music flows out through the windows into the night. The
text: camera rises over the neighborhood, which lies in peace
text: beneath the stars.
scene_heading: INT. PARENTS' BEDROOM - THE NEXT MORNING
text: Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien talk in-low voices. They have turned on
text: the fan to assure the privacy of their conversation.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You fight with the men above you --
dialog: you laugh at them -- then wonder
dialog: why they don't promote you.’
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: It's fools they put ahead of. me.
dialog: Liars. They. pass over me.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And. the men underneath you -- you
dialog: work them too hard!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Morale is great. Sometimes they
dialog: work thirty-six hours at a stretch
dialog: -- don't even ask for overtime! You
dialog: don't know what it's like. Always
dialog: following orders of men you can't
dialog: respect. They want you to scheme
dialog: for their favor. It makes you less
dialog: , than. a man.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBALLS' HOUSE
text: The next afternoon a large black grackle appears in the oak
text: tree and, shortly afterward, they discover Robert sitting. on
text: the fence; a mean child who it seems lives on a street far
text: away; they are not quite sure where.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Who's that?
text: From a hiding place, Robert shoots the Kimballs' German
text: shepherd with a BB gun. The poor creature, normally so proud
text: and threatening, looks about, wondering where the blow is
dialog: coming from; defer=oless against it; now reduced to a
text: cringing, whimpering mass. Robert smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. STICKLEYS' HOUSE
dialog: The Stickleys' house is not up to the standard of the rest.of
text: the neighborhood. The free-standing garage is unpainted, its
text: windows opaque.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Let's us bust ‘em.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Why? Just ‘cause.
text: Jack mumbles some words about his mother having forbidden it.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: , You afraid, boy?
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: You don't need to tell her, do you?
dialog: Nobody needs to know but us
dialog: chickens. I broke a window once.
dialog: Didn't nothing happen to me.
dialog: Chicken ain't nothing but a bird!
dialog: (later)
dialog: Why let them. keep you from having
dialog: fun? Why not do what you wanta do?
text: Robert punches another boy on the arm..The boy runs off
text: howling.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why'd you do that?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm not him. What do I care?
text: The strange boy fascinates Jack with his amused contempt for
dialog: others, his nonchalance, his sensitivity to anything which
text: wounds his pride, his refusal to play a hypocritical part.
text: Later, they find themselves alone.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold out your elbow.
text: He is lucid, calm and cynical. There is an odd, motiveless
text: malignity in him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Isaid, hold it out.
text: As though a hypnotist had commanded it, Jack holds out his
text: elbow. Robert raps it with the handle of a screwdriver. Jack
text: pushes him away, surprised. Robert pushes him back. Does he
dialog: really want to fight?
dialog: Jack hesitates. When someone hits you, are you supposed to
dialog: hit him back? How else prevent him from doing it again?
text: ‘ Trembling, he turns and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER THAT EVENING
text: His mother is dressed up to go out. She has come to tell them
text: goodnight. She is very lovely, but her black gloves and veil
text: make her seem unfamiliar to the boys.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Why are you wearing those?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We're going out.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Take them off!
text: She does. Her hands are restored to their natural beauty.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Can I touch your earrings?
text: She lets him. The boys look dolefully at her
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't go. We can fix you dinner.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We'll be back by twelve.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - JACK'S POV
text: The Studebaker grows smaller in the distance. Will there be a
dialog: time when they might be separated from her forever?
text: They bounce on the beds and have a pillow fight. Their uncle
text: is the babysitter. He lets them do anything they please while
text: he talks on the phone in the other room.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE ~LATER
text: Later that night Jack wakes up to a muffled noise of anger in
text: the living room. He sits up in his bed. Outside the trees
text: swash back and forth, filling him with a sense of terror.
text: He slips out of bed and peers through a crack in the door,
text: into the living room.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: ...We needed it. We did!
text: Mr. O'Brien rages up and down the hall. He swings between
dialog: extremes of behavior, one moment acting like a fool, then
text: suddenly remembering that he is the father of a family.
dialog: His high-minded struggle against his shortcomings never lasts
text: for long, however. He is of too impulsive a nature.
dialog: 56.
text: He simply cannot stand the idle life of a penitent in the
text: bosom of his own family, and he always ends up rebelling
dialog: against it.
text: Jack sees his brothers are awake. He strokes their backs, to
dialog: comfort them. What has their father done? What is he capable
text: of? The screen door slams.
text: Jack sees tears in his mother's eyes. She looks up with a
text: start. He takes her hand.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought you were asleep.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why are you crying, Mother? sweet
dialog: Mother!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I was thinking about your father.
dialog: Missing him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know you're crying now, but
dialog: someday you’ won't. Someday we're
dialog: going to -- help you --
dialog: (how? )
dialog: Can I get you something to drink?
dialog: How is she to get close to her. husband? This is a slow
text: starvation. She has almost resigned herself to loneliness and
dialog: isolation. She is determined that the children should know
text: nothing of her troubles. They are anxious enough as it is.
text: Jack runs to his bedroom and gathers up his savings, twenty
text: or thirty dollars in coins. He gives them to her in a jar.
text: She touches him on the cheek. She avoids his eyes.
text: He knows the misery of nights. He sees her eyes dark and
text: pinched with torture; she whom he loves more than life; she
dialog: whom he would die to save from any hurt.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: We're all right. We won't ever
dialog: leave you, Mom.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We won't ever do anything to make
dialog: you unhappy. I promise.
dialog: 57.
text: Later, hearing her voice in the other room, it strikes him
dialog: that some day he might be left to himself in this world. In
dialog: whisper, he prays:
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Help me not be mean. Help me not to
dialog: sass my Dad --—
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - LAWN
text: The next day, Mr. O'Brien inspects Jack's yard-work.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Shake the dirt off the roots so it
dialog: doesn't leave a hole.Thats too
dialog: hard, I guess... And over here, why
dialog: haven't you watered the corners?
dialog: You haven't had time, of Course!
dialog: Look, this is cropped so close it's
dialog: going to burn out. Keep it watered.
dialog: Why's this bare?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The grass won't grow under the
dialog: trees.
text: His soul is seared into a rage. Nothing is enough.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: It does at the Kimballs'.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: They have a yardman.
speaker_heading: fATHER
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: They have money. Kimball inherited
dialog: it. All day I'm at the office! It
dialog: seems you can put in a few hours
dialog: out here. You want me to go over it
dialog: again? What are you smiling about?
dialog: I know what you're thinking.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I don't want you to say a word
dialog: until you're done. I'll be very
dialog: disappointed if you do. I won't
dialog: know about it. Of course, you could
dialog: fool me.
dialog: 58.
dialog: He has the unshakable belief that he must approve or modify
dialog: everything the children do. He is full of petty and
text: exasperating cautions. Watch it! Step there. Open the door!
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE ~- A CAT
text: The boys find a cat and take it up onto the roof of the
text: garage. It writhes in their hands. Its look of terror gives
text: them a faint thrill of pleasure.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: We might hurt it --
speaker_heading: JACK :
dialog: They always land ontheirfeet.
text: Cayler nods. He, too, is curious tg see how the cat will
text: react to the fall. It yowls and lands with @ thud, shakes
text: itself and walks off slowly. RL glances at. Jack with a new
dialog: distrust.
text: Jack looks away. Where before it seemed all evil lay outside,
text: now with a growing dread he sees that it might lie within
dialog: him, too.
text: He cheats to win, yet he is angry when others cheat him.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: {playing guns)
dialog: I got you!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, you didn't. I was just wounded!
dialog: How can he object. to the evil in others, when he does those
dialog: very things which jy them he deplores?
text: Robert watches from afar.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM
text: His mother answers him. Most of her words play against scenes
dialog: of their everyday life.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Treat everyone as you'd like to be
dialog: treated. Help each other. Encourage
dialog: each other. Love everyone. Every
dialog: leaf. Every ray of light. You boys
dialog: are the pride of my life!
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: The reason I’m saying all this is
dialog: that I don't want you to waste ten
dialog: years of your life learning to know
dialog: yourself and the reason for your
dialog: difficulties, as your mother did.
dialog: It's hard to stand by and see your
dialog: children make the same mistakes you
dialog: made. I hope you won't, sweetheart.
text: Jack remembers holding a toy out to RL, inviting him to take
text: it, then snatching it away again, teasing him, expecting him
text: to cry, astonished that he smiles instead.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Once I dreamed of becoming a
dialog: doctor.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Why didn't you?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Things didn't work out.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't get it.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What don't you get?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The whole thing.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, you have a lot to learn, and
dialog: you can't learn it all at once.
speaker_heading: FATHER'S POV
text: Mr. O'Brien sees how the boys dote on their mother. He waves
text: Jack and RL over to the car.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING CAR - WEALTHY NEIGHBORHOOD
text: They are out for a drive. They pass a big house.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who lives there?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Frank Johnson. He. started out as a
dialog: barber, but he built something big.
dialog: Never let anything stop him.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
text: Bucky, who runs the company now, he
text: started out on an ice truck. He
dialog: even got fired a couple of times.
text: Jack and RL have never seen any of these men, but they are
text: mythical figures in the boys' imagination.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Bucky asked me once if I wanted to
dialog: go deer hunting with him. I said
dialog: no. In front of all his top peopie!
dialog: He asked me why. I said I can't
dialog: stand to hunt, it makes me sick.
dialog: You should've seen the look on
dialog: their faces! You know what Bucky
dialog: told me? He was quiet fora minute,
dialog: then he said: "You Know. I’ve never
dialog: liked it that much either. Maybe I
dialog: won't go this year."
text: Jack looks away, embarrassed. The boys need no proof of their
dialog: father's superiority.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: A corporation has no soul. They'll
text: cut. their own grandmother's throat.
text: It has to be that way. Merciless.
dialog: But, if you take their money, you
dialog: have to take their --
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT
text: Jack burns with embarrassment as Mr. O'Brien complains to a
text: waitress about their food, then kisses her hand for serving
text: them well. He makes @ big show of giving her a tip, holding
text: the money out, +hen pulfin it away when she reaches for it.
text: Oddly, she does not Mind all this as much as Jack does, but
text: laughs it off as play.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING CAR - LATER
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why do you work so hard?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: So you'll have a place to stand. I
dialog: might not amount to anything, but
dialog: you will. You boys will stand on my
dialog: shoulders.
dialog: 6l.
scene_heading: THEIR POVS - DOWNTOWN & POOR PARTS OF TOWN (BARTLETT, ETC.)
text: The city, which at first seemed glorious to Jack, is a
text: mystery to him now, with its freight yards and grain
text: elevators, its blind men, cripples and drunks shouting from
text: the doorways.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: The world lives by trickery. If you
dialog: want to succeed, you can't be too
dialog: good. .
text: They reach the poor. parts of town. His father has come to buy
text: some barbecue. There are rundown shackg and cars parked in
text: front yards. A black man stares at him.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Belong to yourself: that’s the
dialog: whole thing in life. Learn to
dialog: master yourself. Your will. Your
dialog: will makes you free. Set up your
dialog: will as a law over you!
text: Later Jack sees a team of workers, digging a ditch. Worms lie
text: on the heaps of dirt, cut in two by their shovels. Jack's
text: heart is moved to pity at the sight of the writhing
text: creatures. And then to see these men with their bodies bent,
text: their hair disheveled, their faces glistening with sweat,
text: their hands and arms covered with clay.
dialog: It seems that suffering must lie at the heart of life, not at
dialog: its periphery; it is not some accident that troubles the
dialog: unfortunate only. No, inconstancy is the rule. The fading
text: rose. The uprooted tree.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: See those people. Somebody got the
dialog: upper hand with them. Don't let it
dialog: happen to you. You've got to get
dialog: ahead of the other guy. He'll be
dialog: doing .all he can to do the same to
dialog: you.
text: Jack. exchanges a look with his brother, riding in the back
text: seat. They observe everything about him which is ridiculous,
text: then mimic and exaggerate these features for each other.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Money will break down all obstacles
dialog: in your way- Hold on to it. It's
dialog: the most reliable thing there is in
dialog: this world. A friend is likely to
dialog: betray you. Money never will.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Find the thing they can't do
dialog: without. Patents!
text: As his father goes on, Jack's thoughts turn to their dog.
text: Shep's is a perfect love. He is their friend, their clown,
text: their guardian and protector. He accepts being teased,
text: slighted; ignored. He knows no unhappiness, like the three-
text: legged dog who lives down the block and runs around as though
dialog: no misfortune had ever befallen him.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - JACK'S POVS - LATER
text: Jack listens as his father questions his mother about a bent
dialog: spoon.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Who did this?
dialog: (turning on RL)
dialog: I might enjoy lazing around, too. I
text: could walk out the front door and
dialog: say I was going to pick
dialog: blackberries! Just wave goodbye and
dialog: wander off. No, you want to be
dialog: served, but you don't want to have
dialog: any responsibilities in return.
dialog: You're going to have a record, and
dialog: it's going to follow you around the
dialog: rest of your life. On it will be
dialog: the grades you made -- what you
dialog: accomplished and what you didn't.
dialog: People read it. If you mess up, you
dialog: might not be able to get a security
dialog: cle ice. People will ask why.
text: One knows he will awaken, come to himself at last. It will be
dialog: dreadful when he does. Could he endure a full awakening?
dialog: Would it destroy him?
scene_heading: EXT. OAK TREE
text: Outside, Jack climbs the live oak tree. Higher and higher he
text: goes, until he stands like a sailor on top of a mast. There
text: he may commune with himself. The world below seems small and
dialog: unreal.
text: The door bursts open. His father storms outside and sits on
text: the porch. A few moments later, RL comes outside. He sits
text: down beside his father and rests his head against his
dialog: shoulder.
text: Jack watches. He wonders if he could love his father, too ~~
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: EXT. BATES' HOUSE - SERIES OF ANGLES
text: The Bates live in harmony. He never passes their house
text: without receiving a benediction. Mr. Bates plays football
text: with the boys, and Mrs. Bates serves them cookies at the end
text: of the afternoon. Theirs is a happy home, with nothing to
dialog: hide.
speaker_heading: MRS. BATES
dialog: Are you sure your mother isn't
dialog: wondering where you are?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, Ma'am -- she's ok
text: He sees how Mr. Bates draws his sons close, hugs them
text: tenderly, strokes their hair.
scene_heading: INT. EPISCOPAL CHURCH
text: The next morning, Mr. O'Brien sits at the organ in church. He
text: seems calm and untroubled. He loves the winding toccatas and
text: fugues, the candles, the stillness of the choir loft before
text: the service, the music swelling out majestically as he
text: presses down the keys. His will relaxes. He ceases to fret.
dialog: All is as it should be. Why not always so?
dialog: Why do people oppress each other? Why are they not faithful
dialog: to the best in themselves?
text: - The camera rises over the ranks of pipes, over the gladiolas
text: and the stained glasS windows. Jack marvels at this father: a
dialog: man who for all his faith and vitality suffers from a deep
text: disquiet, as though not even. being God-fearing and pious
dialog: could bring peace’ to his Soul.
text: His. fingers work the keys, his. feet walk up and down the
text: pedals. Jack reads the music, turns the pages, pulls the
text: stops. At such moments they are bound together in harmony.
text: Later, Jack walks in the church, alone. His footsteps are
text: loud in the silence. A sparrow, caught inside the building,
text: flies through the rafters and beats its wings against a high
text: windows, trying to find a way out.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH GROUNDS - BELL
text: Mr. Singh, the sexton, is taking down the flag.
speaker_heading: RL (0.S.)
dialog: He rings the bell when you die.
dialog: 64.
text: Jack watches as his father talks with a vestryman. Mr.
text: O'Brien shows a courtesy and a desire to please that the boys
text: do not often see in him. In the end he bids the stranger an
text: obsequious goodbye.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: A friend of mine. He owns half the
dialog: real estate in town.
dialog: Sunday is a day of rest and relaxation. Other families may
text: drop by to visit, unannounced. The stores are closed, as
text: people take their ease. Yet Mr. O'Brien is restless, tense.
text: They are having dinner on the porch when he turns to RL:
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you do something for me? You
dialog: promise me that you’fido it,
dialog: without asking what it 15? Just
dialog: have the confidence that what your
dialog: father asks of you is right?
speaker_heading: (RL nods)
dialog: For the next half hour, will you
dialog: not speak unless you have something
dialog: important to say?
dialog: (turning to Steve)
dialog: And what did you do today, my fine-
dialog: feathered friend?
text: One by one, each child is called upon to justify himself.
dialog: Where does it come from, this pleasure in humiliation? This
dialog: indifference to their dignity and even to his own? He
text: deceives others, debases himself in order to impress them --
dialog: makes up stories, facts, the etymologies of words, without a
dialog: trace. of shame.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Sit on the front two inches of your
dialog: chair. It's good for your posture.
dialog: I read it in the paper.
text: He holds up a rock before Jack's eyes, a thunder egg from the
text: children's collection, a sort of polished agate.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You actually bought this from Mr.
dialog: Ledbetter? Don't explain. Just nod.
dialog: Yes or no.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He gave it to me. That one's my
dialog: favorite.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I don't know how long I can keep
dialog: paying for these rocks. We're
text: living in a fancy neighborhood, but
dialog: we can't afford this house. If
dialog: Kimball next door knew what our
dialog: situation was, he would laugh. Of
dialog: course, he got all his money from
dialog: his father-in-law.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Be quiet. Please.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What did you say?
text: Mr. O'Brien takes a hot pepper and rubs it on the child's
text: lips. Mrs. O'Brien rises to her feet in anger.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You will straighten up and fly
dialog: right!
text: Jack has never seen his father possessed in quite this way.
text: His brother's cries are unbearable. The innocent one has no
dialog: defense.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Leave him alone!
text: His father looks up, astonished. Jack strikes him with his
text: fist, steps back.and stares at him defiantly. His father
text: slaps him across the face.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: stoe!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Keep your voice down. The neighbors
dialog: can hear. Children aren't
dialog: reasonable. They can only be
text: governed by fear.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: How can you be so cruel!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I give my life for them. My blood.
dialog: I let them eat my heart. Do I tie
dialog: them to a tree? Do I take off my
dialog: belt -- like McKeever? They have
dialog: their lives from me!
dialog: 66.
dialog: He will force them to love him, whether they like it or not.
text: RL is put in a closet. Mrs. O'Brien's blood rises in a fever
text: as she clutches Steve in her arms. She wonders if her husband
dialog: does not take some pleasure in punishing the boys. The moral
text: tortures are harder on them than the physical ones. His
text: suspicious glances, his mouth curling in scorn, the
text: sentimentality that so quickly spills over into cruelty.
dialog: What is she to do? Confronting him only makes the situation
text: worse. He will stop at nothing to win an argument.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (later)
dialog: You hardly know them. You're gone
dialog: all the time.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I have to support my family:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You speak without listening to
dialog: -them. You never listen to anyone
dialog: else. You interrupt. There's no
dialog: length you won't go to get your
dialog: way.
text: She looks at him as one who once loved him and no longer
text: does; so it seems to him.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: If it's such a hell, why don't you
dialog: leave?
text: She suspects that he wants to degrade her because he has
dialog: never been ableto possess her soul. Always she has managed
dialog: to move beyond his reach.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What about them? Wouldn't I have
dialog: gone long ago, except for them!
dialog: Haven't I been sorry that I didn't!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What are you waiting for?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I would be only too glad to get
dialog: away from you --
text: She cannot control her words. They fly out of her mind like
dialog: sparks.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You left me long ago.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Keep your voice down.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You turned away from me ~~ the day
dialog: your first child was born.
text: He suspects that she hates him. It causes him to offend her
dialog: violently.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Coming home late -- ambi ing their
dialog: future away. You took the money RL
dialog: saved from his paper route -
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I put it back. I'm an outsider to
dialog: you, aren't I? You hold yourself
dialog: apart. Proud of your virtue. You
dialog: want to make me better than I am.
dialog: Why can she not be content with what he is? Why will she only
dialog: have him as he ought to be?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You're always so angry. Why?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I want a life without lies.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What js. eating at you?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Nothing. Do I disgust you?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Maybe you don't.
text: She risks less than he does. She has her worth, which she can
dialog: never lose. And the children, whom he does not have.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You put them up to your tricks. You
dialog: teach them to hate me! Their own
dialog: father!
dialog: 68.
text: Her blood rises in a jet. Jack listens. Will theirs be a
text: family like Howard's? The world is darker than he imagined.
dialog: How shall he comfort his mother? Redeem her sorrow? He thinks
dialog: of Christmas, when home is home, when for a day they are a
text: family, the bright colors beneath the tree, lights burning
text: late into the night.
text: He plays with a flashlight, shining it through his hand,
text: exposing the bones of his fingers.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM - LATER
text: The boys cower in their room. Mr. Q'Brien bangs his fist on
text: the formica as Mrs. O'Brien sobs.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Isn't a wife supposed to love,
dialog: cherish, obey?
text: Jack fears his father's wild energy. He has got to fight him
text: every inch of the way, in order not to be swamped, engulfed —~—
text: to stay alive. He clings to RL and Steve. He will never leave
dialog: his brothers.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: We have each other.
text: BACK TO PARENTS
text: Shame has come over Mr. O'Brien. He has fallen. She knows it.
text: She suffers from his fall more than he does.
speaker_heading: PATHER
dialog: Bach's sons revered him -- kissed
dialog: his hands! They played music
text: together for hours on end. Their
dialog: home was a haven of peace!
dialog: Jubilation! I can't get them to
text: touch the piano.
text: He is pitiless, but she will not be swayed. The purity of her
dialog: conduct is her strength. She will not give him the right to
dialog: despise her.
text: He touches her cheek, kisses her. Nothing is mended. He made
dialog: up his mind long ago not to understand.
text: Later, a sense of her own loneliness comes over her as she
text: reads a letter from her brother.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBALLS' CLOTHESLINE
text: Alone, Jack walks past a neighbor's clothesline. White
text: underclothes hang among the sheets and towels.
text: Jack remembers going by the Browns one night in search of an
text: overthrown ball, how he saw Mr. Brown strike his wife in the
text: presence of their children. No one else witnessed the event.
dialog: The Browns had been a family whose happiness was taken for
text: granted. It now’seems to Jack that behind the calm facade of
dialog: ordinary life, there might lie something dark and shameful.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS
text: The woods are full of drafts, like@ Spring fed pool. Jack
text: walks under the trees, seeking a presence he has known here
dialog: before.
text: Nature is free and without blemish. The rustling leaves
text: refresh his shattered nerves. Their spirit is his mother's
text: own. A presence, yes. It speaks. Come, it says; find me. In
dialog: me you will discover that which does not fail or disappoint.
text: An unseen hand ceaselessly touches his face, his heart.
dialog: How to see as the oak tree does?
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: The brothers are playing after school.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: It's going to rain.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who says?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: I can make it rain.
text: The sky is blue. But RL does a little dance, inviting the
text: clouds to come. Later on they do. The rain pours down. RL is
text: modest in his victory. Jack laughs. Now trouble seems a
dialog: dream.
speaker_heading: RL (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't lie that much.
text: Gazing at his brother, he hears the same voice which he heard
text: among the trees. It beckons him. Where?
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: THE NEXT DAY
text: Mr. O'Brien seems to have forgotten yesterday's scene at the
text: dinner table. Not the children. Nor his wife. It lies across
text: the family like a shadow.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Give me a kiss.
speaker_heading: RL does.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBALLS' HOUSE - WIND CHIMES
text: Some days. later Jack hears the tinkling of the wind chimes at
text: the Kimballs' house. Wandering toward$ it, he notices their
text: car pulling away. He waits, then cavtiovs ly he enters their
text: garage. A door leads from the laundry yoorn jnto the house. He
text: looks around to see in anyone is watching, ten quietly he
text: opens it.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBALLS' HOUSE
text: He wanders through the unfamiliar rooms. The house ticks in
text: the heat. There is money on the kitchen counter, but he
text: ignores it. With a mounting dread he approaches the stairs
text: that lead up to the sleeping quarters.
text: What lies up there? He touches the banister but dares not go
text: further. After a moment, he retreats back the way he came.
text: He stands outside in the sunlight, stunned. What else is he
dialog: capable of?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: His mother sees that he is troubled.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What is it? Tell me.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nothing.
text: She goes back to what she was doing. He feels queasy and
text: confused for having told a lie.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I went in the Kimballs' house. They
dialog: weren't there.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Why did you do it? You can't go in
dialog: when they aren't there.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: The door was open.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They leave it open because they
dialog: expect you won't go in. Never do it
dialog: again. Promise me. Thank you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you going to tell Dad?
text: She hesitates a moment, then shakes her head. With her there
dialog: is forgiveness. Whether or not you ask for it. Whether or not
dialog: you deserve it.
scene_heading: LATER THAT NIGHT
text: A figure stands by his bed that night. He touches the crown
text: of his head.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: His father gives Jack a lecture.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don't try to make people love you.
dialog: Make them fear you. If someone
dialog: clips you, sock him back. Who can
dialog: you trust? Your own family. Be good
dialog: to them. That's enough. Your mother
dialog: is naive. It takes fierce will to
dialog: get ahead in this world. Don't let
dialog: anyone stand in your way.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (looking in)
dialog: He needs to get to school.-
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: This is more important. This is
dialog: school. Please.
dialog: (after she leaves)
dialog: Don't let your own laziness stand
dialog: in your way. You don't have to --
dialog: pardon the expression -- kiss
dialog: anyone's derriere. Nobility is a
dialog: luxury. Avoid controversy. Every
dialog: one of these top executives, you
dialog: know how they get to where they
dialog: are? They float it down the middle
dialog: of the river.
dialog: 72.
text: Mother and father.live inside him. They wrestle for his soul.
text: He strives to reconcile them, but they refuse to be
dialog: reconciled. Why can he not find. a harmony between them? Which
dialog: party is he of? Let it be one or the other: not the chaos of
dialog: their blind struggle.
text: He remembers his mother telling him:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Be good, sweetheart. If someone
dialog: hurts you, forgive him!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: ~ Why shouldn't I get whatI want?
dialog: They do. What about me?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: People hurt each other. T+ wovld be
dialog: easy to be happy if they didn't.
dialog: You have to overlook it -- give in,
dialog: sometimes, even if you're in the
dialog: right.
dialog: What is the fate of those who live by love, the golden rule?
text: Steve is playing in the sprinkler outside, as happy as Jack
text: once was, still on the far bank of a river which Jack himself
text: has already crossed over.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you going to leave us?
dialog: (she shakes her
dialog: Ts he? nead)
text: Jack wonders if he really wishes it. When he comes out of his
text: daydream, his father {¢ still talking.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: -- If you're good, people take
dialog: advantage of you. Think of yourself
text: as someone caught behind enemy
dialog: lines. Work! Fight! I see you
dialog: wasting your time -~ staring out
dialog: the window -- playing! I make
dialog: sacrifices for you. You honor those
dialog: sacrifices by what you do. That's
dialog: how a family works.
text: Jack shifts uneasily in his chair.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd like to do what I want, too. I
dialog: dreamed of being a great: musician.
dialog: But how could I make a living for
dialog: my family? And so I have to go off
dialog: every day --
dialog: (with emotion)
dialog: My father lost his job, Ed was off
dialog: in Vegas, he sent nothing home. I
dialog: had to quit school and join the
dialog: Army Air Corps so your grandmother
dialog: could have something to eat. They
text: shut the lights out on her. We
dialog: couldn't pay the electricity. She
dialog: had to take in boavders.
text: Jack thinks of the love he often feels for his father as he
text: falls asleep at night, listening to him at the piano --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: See this? You know why I keep it
dialog: here? It was the official seal of
dialog: my own company, the one I formed --
dialog: I had the papers -- till I got
dialog: hepatitis from drinking
text: unpasteurized beer in China. They
dialog: took it away from me. It's dog eat
dialog: dog out there. Don't you forget it.
dialog: Don't let anyone tell you there's
dialog: anything you can't do! I've
dialog: protected you as best I can. But I
dialog: didu'+ get an education. You will.
dialog: You'll get through. By God, you
dialog: wilk You can't fool me. I know you
dialog: live a book!
text: Jack imagines restivq \m his father's arms, their differences
text: forgotten. Then the “fantastic scene breaks up, and he is back
text: in the living room, sunk in silence. °
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: When you came into this world, you
dialog: know what I did? I went outside and
text: danced on the lawn. I shot off my
dialog: pistol. You're my freedom! Every
text: time I see a young guy walk by with
text: a shirt and tie, looking sharp,
dialog: that's my kid I'm looking at. Don't
dialog: do like I did, though. Promise me
dialog: that. I let myself get sidetracked.
dialog: While you're looking for something
dialog: to happen, that was it! That was
dialog: life! You lived it!
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I let one thing after another drag
dialog: me backwards. We stuck together,
dialog: though. When you have nothing,
dialog: you've still got your honor. Your
dialog: dignity. You still have each other!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - STRAY DOG
text: A stray dog appears; a stranger to the neighborhood. It bumps
text: into things. It séems that it might be blind.
text: Curious, nonchalant, it trots through the street until
text: Howard's purple-tongued chow materializes out of nowhere to
text: attack it. The boys look on in horror as Shep joins in the
text: fight. His hostility towards a poor, defenseless creature
dialog: astonishes them., It seems there iS no mevcy for the weak, the
dialog: helpless; no quarter given. And the truth is, Jack himself
dialog: does not mind watching things get worse, Tt is not until some
text: of the adults roll out a hose and Stov4 Spray ing water on the
text: dogs that he comes to himself and pulls Shep ai .
speaker_heading: MR. BATES (0.S.)
dialog: Somebody must have let it go. Got
dialog: too old, went blind -- they didn't
dialog: have the heart to put it to sleep.
dialog: Probably I should get my shotgun
dialog: and shoot it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stay here!
text: Shep will not jook Wim in his eye but twists and turns, eager
dialog: to get back into the fray
text: Later the same afternoou, they hear the screech of brakes and
text: a strange, high yelp. Then, far away, a soft wail or moan.
text: Steve breaks Yneb teavs.
scene_heading: EXT. VACANT LOT - DUSK
text: They wade through the weeds of a vacant lot, where the dog
text: has gone to die. From time to time they hear its haunting
text: cry. They cannot find it; only a trail of blood. Wounded,
text: afraid, it keeps dragging itself away from them.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE (BACKYARD)
text: Jack listens as Steve questions their mother.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: What happens when you die? Does it
dialog: hurt? Does it happen to everyone?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sooner or later.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: There's nothing you can do about
dialog: it? Will you die, too?
dialog: It.seems the grown-ups understand things no better than he
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Not for a long time.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: will I?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: You're not that old yet,.Mom.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Where do you go?
text: Jack sees his mother with new eyes now. The day might come
dialog: when she must leave them.
speaker_heading: STEVE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Who put the spikes on the sun?
text: He remembers when she got her fingers caught in the Mixmaster
text: and cried out to him to jerk the cord from the wall. A quick
dialog: flash --
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: He remembers, too, Q day when they were eating outdoors with
text: the neighbors aud suddenly he heard someone shouting. There
text: was a coral snake on the ground. She walked right past it.
text: He watched how it flowed unhindered over the ground, as if
dialog: free of friction or restraint, beyond any human power of
text: control, cryptic, a dark enigma with lidless eyes.
speaker_heading: MRS. BATES
dialog: She walked right past it!
speaker_heading: MR. BATES
dialog: Get a hoe. Its mate must be around
dialog: here. You watch: couple of days and
dialog: it'll turn up.
text: Mr. Bagley chops the snake in two with a hoe. Mr. Bates
text: stamps on the severed head.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MR. BAGLEY
dialog: Nothing you can do if one of them
dialog: bites you. Against a copperhead
dialog: you've got a chance. Not these'uns.
text: Once they close their mouth, they
dialog: can't let go. Even if they wanted
dialog: to. "Red on yellow, kill a fellow."
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO
text: The next morning RL turns to his mother:
speaker_heading: . RL
dialog: Where's Dad?
speaker_heading: MOTHER :
text: Gone on a trip.
text: The boys go wild. They crawl around on the floor, they bounce
text: on the beds, they let the screen door slam carelessly behind
text: them. She cannot contain their energy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We're going to stay up late.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh no, you're not!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: All night! Don't say no, because
dialog: you know it makes me angry. Look at
dialog: me! IZ mean it!
text: They run through the sprinkler. Finding a lizard, they chase
text: her into the batrroem with it. Laughing, they ignore her
text: pleas, and when they hear the lock click shut, they slip it
text: in under the door.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - WHILE THEIR FATHER IS AWAY
text: She shows them flowers, glowing colors and birds that sing,
text: the fruit tree at the edge of the woods, the gardenias, the
text: wings of little creatures beneath a magnifying glass. So many
text: mysteries! She shows them a barn swallow's nest.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They trust us ~- not to knock it
dialog: down.
text: She gives them a book of natural history. His hands leaf
text: through the pages. There are dinosaurs, frogs and armor-
text: plated fish with names too long to pronounce. The Seven
dialog: Wonders of the Ancient World.
dialog: 77.
text: She shows them the leaf of a tall locust tree and sets it
text: next to a pea vine, demonstrating the family relation there
dialog: sometimes is between things large and small. For a time all
text: is as it was. The hours go by uncounted.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Can I marry you when I grow up?
dialog: (she laughs)
dialog: Don't tell anyone else.
text: It makes Jack ill at ease to see his mother cuddling Steve.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He drank all the milk and didn't
dialog: leave us any.
text: Steve bolts out the door and runs around naked in the rain.
text: The thunder and lightning delight him; the water rushing
text: through the gutters, sucking at his ankles, so cool.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You little devil! Come back here!
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Mom, I see that thing again.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What thing?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: The suckin’ goat!
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: TH il Suck you down that hole by
dialog: the fence! T+ |\ get you while
dialog: you're not looking! It got Woody's
dialog: doo! GSnates! Hit the lights!
text: Later, they watch from another room as she dances by herself
text: to some music on the radio.
text: Jack remembers a dream he once had of his mother lying, like
text: Snow White, in a glass coffin. Her beautiful red cheeks, her
dialog: hair black as the night. How would he face the world without
dialog: her? He cannot bear the thought that he might have a separate
dialog: destiny.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: Jack brings a jar of ice water and a plate of sandwiches out
text: to 0.C., a laborer whom his father has hired to spread fresh
text: loam on,the yard.
dialog: 78.
dialog: O.c.
dialog: Your mother sent this? Well, she's
dialog: the nicest lady. She's a good
dialog: mother and a good woman. I never
dialog: worked for nobody as considerate.
text: His salmon-colored palms grip the shovel. He works all day
text: long in the broiling sun. He never complains. There is a joy,
text: it seems, which is compatible with hardship and misfortune.
dialog: ¢
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have you seen my fireflies?
text: He shows 0.C. the bottle filled :
dialog: O.C.
dialog: Those are the souls of dead people.
dialog: You should let them 9° Did I scare
dialog: you? I didn't mean t
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE ROOF
text: They are up on the roof of a house. They have no business
text: there, and they know it. Jack nods for RL to jump off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You have to; if you want to join
dialog: the club.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Why don't you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: T alveady did.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: when?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You weren't around.
text: They laugh. Later, he dares his brother to stick | a coat
text: hanger into a light socket.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D) :
dialog: I turned it off. It won't hurt. I
dialog: tested it. .
text: RL smiles when nothing happens. But then, as they are roaming
text: around, Jack snatches a stick out of RL's hand. He does not
dialog: protest.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: You can have it.
text: There is another spirit in his brother than Jack finds in
text: himself. Ashamed, he gives the stick back. Hearing their
text: mother's voice calling them in, they turn home.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - ROBERT
text: Robert has reappeared in their lives. He leads them on a
text: spree of destruction. He encourages them to steal peaches
text: from McKeever's tree.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: They belong to every beady. » Nobody
dialog: tells me what to do.. just do
dialog: what I want.
text: Instead of eating the peaches, they threw’them away. One
text: after another they break out laughing, until they are all
text: rolling on the ground.
text: Jack pulls up flowers from the Kimballs' bed. He enjoys the
text: boys' approval. He is ashamed to be guilty of less impudence
text: than the others, but when Robert nods at the windows of the
text: Stickleys' garage, he remembers his mother's stern injunction
text: and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Why not?
text: They put a toad 6n a skyrocket and send it off, then run to
text: see whether it Survived its skyward flight. Gone. They cannot
text: find it. And they had felt itaq life pulse in their hands.
text: They put a Snapping turtle on Shep's ear.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It won't let go till sunset.
text: Shep howls with pain and runs away, glancing over his
text: shoulder with a look of injured trust.
text: They stamp on snails, burn up wasps. They make a glory of
dialog: their infamy and lies.
speaker_heading: CAYLER
dialog: I'm six feet tall! I killed a man!
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE AND JAIL
text: Another day, outside the courthouse, Jack looks up and sees a
text: man shouting from a window on the second floor. There are
text: bars on the window; hands are thrust through them.
text: Nearby, on the sidewalk, he sees a prisoner who has been led
text: down the front steps ‘of the courthouse by two men with guns
text: high on their hips.
text: The group passes close by. The prisoner's wrists are bound to
text: a restraining belt. He answers the taunting eyes of
text: courthouse loafers with a sneer of proud defiance. Somehow
text: Jack feels close to him; closer, moment, to this
dialog: stranger than to his own family. ,
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What are you looking at? Come.
text: One of the policemen stares at him. What does he know, or
dialog: guess?
text: Men rise to their feet as Mrs. O'Brien passes by.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: Mr. O'Brien returns from his travels. The children glance at
text: each other. It is as though a stranger had appeared in their
text: midst. The idyll is over. They must again be the furtive
dialog: creatures, the cheats, the guilty ones they were before.
text: He pats them on : their heads, a little too hard.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: Mr. O'Brien tells of his travels -- shows them the towels and
text: washcloths he has carried off from hotels, and money in
dialog: denominations so lovee that, were it dollars, they would be
dialog: rich.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Bishop Sheen was down the hall --
text: two doors away. Very friendly. The
dialog: French are lovable, but they'll rob
dialog: you blind. The money's confusing:
dialog: new francs, old francs; you never
dialog: know which you've got in your hand.
dialog: I bought a newspaper for $4.
text: Halfway back to the hotel TI
dialog: realized I'd been robbed. Had a big
dialog: fight with the lady. Had to call a
text: gendarme. He got her to cough up.
dialog: (to Mrs. O'Brien)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm confident my deal went through.
dialog: If not, they can forget it. I'll
dialog: tell them all to go to hell.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Be careful.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I'm not going to let them shove me
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Can Cayler come over?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Your own family isw't apo enovoh
dialog: for you?
text: Jack looks at his brother with Suvprise. We would never dare
dialog: to invite anyone over. Relatives visit often, but no friend
dialog: ever comes to their house.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Your mother's from a farm family.
dialog: Irish. They had people down from
dialog: Chicago every weekend. That's why
dialog: they never got the weeds out of
dialog: their fields. The Norwegians would
dialog: drive by and laugh!
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: You boys don't realize it, but
dialog: we're skating on thin ice. You live
dialog: in peace, quiet, in warmth. Look at
dialog: the Food you have. Still on your
dialog: plate! The abundance ! When I was
dialog: our age, T was chomping tickets at
dialog: the Clar Theater in Chicago.
dialog: (Jack squirms )
dialog: Are you ina hurry? After the
dialog: shows, I cleaned the bathrooms. For
dialog: years I had one pair of pants. The
dialog: same green pants! I had to run
dialog: around in my shorts while my mother
dialog: washed them. And still, for all
dialog: that, father was always father to
dialog: me. Nobody knows what that means
dialog: these days. Can a child understand?
text: It seems to Jack that he and his brothers remain alive
dialog: through their father's sacrifice and bear their lives as an
text: undeserved gift from him. His father has bred in him a deep
dialog: suspicion of himself, a doubt of his every action; a doubt of
text: others, too, and of their motives. He is becoming anxious
text: about everything; wavering, unable to work out a thought.
dialog: 82.
text: There is a loud crash. He let the screen door slam shut.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You can't shut it softly, can you?
dialog: No, that's too hard for you, I
dialog: suppose. You don't have the time.
dialog: That's too much to expect of our
dialog: worthy son. Horsefeathers! I want
dialog: you to shut it quietly, fifty
dialog: times. Not a word of contradiction!
text: It seems to him there are three worlds, one in which he and
dialog: his brothers live subject to their father under laws which he
dialog: has invented for them only and which they can never, without
dialog: understanding why, ever fully Comply with) a second world
dialog: that their father belongs to; a thivl wheve everyone else
text: lives happily, free from orders ancl Mav ima to obey.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Come here!
dialog: (pinching him)
dialog: I love you. If it doesn't always
dialog: seem that way, it's because I can't
dialog: pretend like other people do. Kiss
dialog: me. Kiss your father.
text: Jack's mind leaps about, bewildered by his father's health
text: and appetite, his swagger, his canniness, his indifference to
dialog: the burdens he imposes on others; the absence of any
dialog: consciousness of hypocrisy when he breaks those rules he
dialog: imposes on others.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you thinking? Really
dialog: tMuking? ‘There are things you
dialog: can't Ab? Well, there are things L
dialog: can'+ do either !
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: Dad? Why --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You're not to call me Dad, but
dialog: Father. Father, sir. Always honor
dialog: your father. Every day I go out
dialog: that door there. I go out and work
dialog: my tail off for you. Show respect.
dialog: Don't interrupt!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You do.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I would rather be a beggar on the
dialog: streets of Cairo than not to have
dialog: the respect of my family.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Remember: you're the child.
text: dack counts his breaths.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is your house. You can throw
dialog: me out whenever you like.
dialog: (quaking all over)
dialog: You want to kill me!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I, too, didn't have any respect. for
dialog: my father. Not at First.
dialog: What do his boys know of life -- the rich man's arrogance,
dialog: the triumph of the fool?
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw my mother -- she couldn't
dialog: read or write -- dependent on a
dialog: salesman who couldn't make sales
dialog: and was ashamed to tell her so!
dialog: Then I learned how things were for
dialog: him! He died before you boys were
text: born -- in a hit-and-run accident.
text: He lay all night in the street. It
dialog: was dawwwhen they found him. Do
dialog: Wheat you like, though. As. far as
dialog: I'm concerned, you're free. I have
dialog: no advice te give you. But, if you
dialog: realiy want to be free, don't come
dialog: back to this, house in the evening --
text: His nerves are on fire. His sons seem to be destroying him.
text: He is forced to breathe the air of his own death.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I hate you.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I know. The question is, are you
dialog: going to do what I tell you to? Do
dialog: you want to be the only one who's
dialog: out of step -- and make everyone
dialog: else unhappy -- just because you're
dialog: determined to have your own way?
dialog: Then you'll stay indoors.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You just won't have dinner tonight.
dialog: None of us will!
text: Jack looks at his mother. He does not want to bring her any
text: more unhappiness.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Thank you for saying "Sir".
dialog: (to his wife)
dialog: You know what they say in the Navy.
dialog: If you have a grumbling crew, you
dialog: have a fit crew. When they don't
dialog: grumble, something's wrong.
dialog: He will learn to deceive. He will vse coming and guile to
dialog: defend himself and get what he wants.
dialog: He will never outwardly defy his father. nis defiance will be
dialog: inward and therefore harder to root out; first it must be
dialog: detected. He will avenge himself in the cleverest way,
dialog: without his father's ever knowing it.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien are alone.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: -- I want to make him strong. I
dialog: want him to expect great things of
dialog: himself -- to hold himself with the
text: best. A father gives his child
dialog: Strength. will!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They're afraicl of you.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: They love me. I'm going to make
dialog: them do it. I could have had my own
dialog: company ~- been a wealthy man. But,
dialog: no, we had kids -- I had to take
dialog: the first job that came along --
dialog: Am I a father, or a faucet?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Why don't you let yourself -- love?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: I do.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: -- Let yourself show it.
text: He looks away. He is afraid of her love for him. It is too
text: good for him. He cannot measure up to it.
text: It seems to him she does not want him but his soul.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: When they next see their father, he pretends nothing is
dialog: wrong. Does he think they could not hear?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What do you want for your birthday ?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: You.
text: His father looks at him in surprise -- this child, so unlike
text: the others, gentle as a sage ~~ then kisses him. RL alone
text: does not stiffen under these effusions of paternal love. Mr.
text: O'Brien feels that he understands the other two, but there is
text: something about RL which strikes a certain awe in him.
text: Yet he fears for this child, fears he is impractical; a
dialog: dreamer, dawdler. He rides him about a hundred things; for
dialog: walking funny, for smiling too long, for hesitating before: he
dialog: speaks.
dialog: Does his mother love him because he is the weakest, the
dialog: tenderest, the mest sivcere:? Sincere people are taken
dialog: advantage. of. Dreamers come to nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. CARPORT
text: . Jack watches his father work on the Studebaker, which he has
text: raised up on a jack. What would happen if he kicked it out?
text: -- Christmas scenes. Other houses on the block. Each is a
text: home. Is his? The singing, the lights -~ ruined by argument,
dialog: discord --
scene_heading: SERIES OF ANGLES - STRAIGHT RAZOR - ROUGH GREEN SNAKE
text: His rage is deep as hell. He studies his father's straight
text: razor, with its tortoiseshell handle. Afraid of the darkness
text: rising up within him, he hides it under the sheets in the
text: linen closet. Alone in his bedroom, he prays:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Please, God, let him die!
dialog: 86.
text: A snake slides through the oak tree, swaying as the wind
text: blows, matching the movement of the branches.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE (FRONT YARD)
text: Mr. O'Brien walks outside. Jack and RL are playing.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What are you doing playing out
dialog: here? Get to work.
dialog: (turning to RL)
dialog: Did you practice your guitar?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - RL WITH GUITAR - JEALOUSY
text: Jack watches RL practice on a hal€-seale quitar . He is a true
dialog: musician, unlike his brothers.
text: Their mother listens, rapt, as she Aandles steve on her knee.
text: When RL gets frustrated with his mistakes, she consoles him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It's alright to make mistakes. You
dialog: have to... Perfection isn't
dialog: important. Imperfection is
text: beautiful. Even more beautiful.
text: Mr. O'Brien sits down at the piano and adds an accompaniment
text: to RL's melody. Jealousy of his little brother stirs in Jack
text: again, even as the music brings him back into a presence in
dialog: which he had ceased to believe.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOCOp STREET
dialog: He remembers wa\ting with RU earlier in the day. He suggested
dialog: that they run.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: We'll get tired.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not me. I never get tired.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: You did this morning.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No I didn't. I was just pretending.
dialog: You want to call me a liar?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: No. I don't want to fight.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Afraid to?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: No, I just don't want to.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If I was to say you're scared,
dialog: would you want to call me a liar?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then you're scared, aren't you?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: I guess so... Why do bees hum?
dialog: (Jack shrugs)
dialog: Because they don't know the words!
text: Chastened, Jack mumbles an apology. Love takes the place of
text: envy in his heart. All nature comes alive and answers him
text: approvingly.
text: Mrs. O'Brien worries about her. eldest son. Conflict with his
text: father has caused him to become a glum, inattentive,
text: disobedient child, always intent on escape.
text: His life has become a tissue of lies and subterfuge. Thefts,
text: lust, savage desires. He is lost in this new darkness, and
text: hardly cares. His is in revolt.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD
text: Jack stands witw Wis mother in the front yard.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Look at the tree. It doesn't care
dialog: how it seems to others. It just is.
dialog: It puts up with storms, rain, bad
dialog: weather ~-
text: The camera plays over the leaves and branches. Ine spirit
dialog: lives in root and trunk, branch and leaf.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: A leaf might think it is separate
text: and alone, but all the leaves are
text: part of the same unfolding. They
dialog: start from the same seed.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: He tells me one thing. You tell me
dialog: another.
text: Inwardly, she resigns herself to losing her eldest son.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Everything will be all right.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then why are you unhappy?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What makes you say that?
dialog: He sees the abuse which goodness $uers in ‘this world, the
text: painful consequences of walking in hi$ motwnec's way. Where
dialog: does it lead? To a life of sorrow, forall that he can tell.
dialog: What is the value of goodness? How shall it stand against
dialog: bullying force? The golden rule allows others to take
dialog: advantage of you, to do as they please. It opposes, and can
dialog: even destroy, your own happiness.
text: He remembers Mrs. Kimball telling his mother:
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL
dialog: You're so kind. I wish that I could
dialog: be Like you.
text: FATHER'S POV ON SONS PLAYING
text: Mr. O'Brien watches From afar as his sons play with their
dialog: mother in the front yatd. Will he grow mean and despicable?
text: Fall slowly into cvin? Their laughter is like the music of a
dialog: lost Eden.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Her brother, their Uncle Ray, has come to visit. Mrs. O'Brien
text: confides in him, unaware that Jack is listening from the
dialog: other room.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: A man showed up at the door. A bill
dialog: collector. A shady character. He's
dialog: been gambling again.
text: Much of what she says plays 0.S. as her memories are
text: illustrated, starting with scenes from Las Vegas; quick
text: flashes of their past experience.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
text: He is fascinated with cards. He
dialog: says they make everyone even. He
dialog: over-bets his hand. You know, his
dialog: brother is a keno dealer in Las
dialog: Vegas. A sweet, gifted man!
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: He wants his honor back. His
dialog: stature. I could get a job. He
dialog: doesn't want me to, though.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RAY
dialog: It's hard with three boys.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I wouldn't like to veset them.or
dialog: change their life. 1 want then to
dialog: get a good education.
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: Compared to ours, his family seemed
dialog: so warm and vital. He was earthy,
dialog: cheerful. We were happy for a time.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I tremble to ask him for money. I
dialog: come to him like a guilty person.
text: He makes a fuss over a bent spoon.
dialog: He won't do anything to change. I
text: dread him coming into the room.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RAY
dialog: Tell him. Either he learns to
dialog: behave like everyone else, or... He
dialog: Aoess+ know what love is, anyway.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: why do you say that?
speaker_heading: UNCLE RAY
dialog: Leave.
text: Jack looks up, shocked. Would she? Has he, with his
dialog: complaints about his father, contributed to such a desire? He
text: fears that he might cause the breakup of his family.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Take the boys with you. Your
dialog: patience is wonderful. But what if
dialog: it's killing you?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I can't trade their happiness for
dialog: mine. It would haunt me... I've
dialog: thought about it.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I still know shorthand. When I
dialog: worked at Bendix before we got
dialog: married, I could type a hundred
dialog: words a minute. I don't know what I
dialog: could do now. With three
dialog: children... Don't remind me that I
dialog: ever talked this way. You're my
dialog: only friend. The others, they're
dialog: very nice, but I can't really talk
dialog: with them. It's a small town.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RAY
dialog: You can't let it keep you from
dialog: living.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He hasn't filed an income tay
dialog: return in three yeacs! I'm afcaid
dialog: he'll lose his job. tle dciyes the
text: men under him too hard. Nebedy
dialog: likes him. He's not a selfish or a
dialog: cold man. But he turns people
text: against him. He offends them --
dialog: almost on purpose. He loves me as
dialog: much as he can. What a day it was
dialog: when I first saw his real nature.
dialog: But he's a good provider. He works
text: hard. There are two people in him.
text: She is loathe to reveal to anyone, even her brother, how
text: unhappy she is, or to betray her husband's confidence.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RAY
dialog: Do you love. him still?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Bobcould help you.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He'll never pay that back. He
dialog: resents it when I ask. So does
dialog: Ellen. I wish I'd finished college. -
dialog: I dreamt of studying medicine.
text: They laugh. Flashes of her carefree youth: a ride in a
text: biplane, spinning at a dance.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: We all had dreams. I want the kids
dialog: to get through college. It makes me
dialog: happy seeing you.
text: She has never quite found a stream of fellowship in Waco.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The boys hear their father arguing with their uncle.
speaker_heading: UNCLE RAY (0.S.)
dialog: You've worn her out -- made a slave
dialog: of her -- crushed her!
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: You come and go. I've put up with
dialog: it for years. Get out! Get a job!
speaker_heading: THEN
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.5.)
dialog: You humiliated him.
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.5)
dialog: It will do him good. Eyeyone has
dialog: to do his part. Your brothers come
dialog: to spend three days, they end up
dialog: staying for six months.
text: She watches as her brother goes off.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - LAWN - OAK TREE - NIGHT
text: Only the porch light is burning. Jack has slipped out of the
text: house and is picking weeds. The night is so vast: he begins
text: to weep. He puts his face in his hands. He bows to the oak
dialog: tree.
text: His mother appears. he turns around, startled. She is lovely
text: in her flowing Might aowna,
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Picking weeds.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Now? At night?. Why?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So you'll stop fighting.
text: Will she leave? He has begun to guess the depths of her
text: unhappiness. Taking him by the hand, she leads him back to
dialog: the house.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Momma -- listen -- I'll make you
dialog: proud. Happy. Here at home. In
dialog: school. I won't stop until I do!
text: He will take her tears away. She shakes her head. That is not
dialog: what she wants.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But I want you to be happy. I don't
dialog: want you to feel you have to do
dialog: anything for me.
dialog: His efforts to make her proud have go fac had the ironic
dialog: consequence of causing her endless worccw-
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's not enough. 1 can do more.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Be good to your brothers.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I will. I swear it. But -~- will you
dialog: help me?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes.
text: He thinks of his father.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I nate him. I wish he were dead!
text: He quakes all over. I+seems he has all hell in his heart.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll Kitl him if you want!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Your father! I don't want you to
dialog: hate him. I want you to love him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Do you?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: How?
text: She does not answer right away. He throws himself against a
text: closed door.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Why? Why? Why did Johnny Baden push
dialog: me down? Why did Uncle Ed not come
dialog: back? You told me it would be all
dialog: right! Why does he hurt us? Is it
dialog: me? Something about me?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: There's nothing bad about you.
dialog: Forgive him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have you?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Think of the good shinas ne does
dialog: for us. For others —
scene_heading: EXT. POOL (BARTON SPRINGS) - QUICK ANGLES (MEMORY)
text: Milton Stone, a boy Jack's age, is swimming an underwater
text: race at a public pool when, suddenly, he turns over on his
text: back and floats up to the surface, his arms thrown wide. The
text: other boys think he is kidding and splash him with water
text: until they see his lips are blue. Panic spreads. Many shrink
text: away, but Mr. O'Brien comes forward to take command of the
text: situation- He calls for an ambulance. He breathes into
text: Milton's mouth. The boys stand in the shallows, hold hands
text: and say the Lord's prayer. Jack looks left and right, proud
text: of his father, who gazes at Mrs. Stone with a heartfelt
dialog: sympathy.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH — RESUMING THE FOREGOING SCENE - NIGHT
text: Jack marvels at\Wis mother, She seems never to want anything.
text: She does not vacy, like their father; is constant in temper.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We're not a happy family, are we?
dialog: We were before. Will our family be
dialog: like Howard's?
dialog: (she kisses him)
dialog: Now, at school, when I see good
dialog: kids, I want to be bad.
text: She is silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I don't know all things. I haven't
dialog: been everything a mother should be.
dialog: But a parent learns. She has to
dialog: grow up, too.
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: There are a lot of hard things in
dialog: this world. I wish I could keep
dialog: them all away from you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have I done anything wrong today?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No. Things may seem bad now, but
dialog: they won't always be this way.
dialog: We're on our way towards something
dialog: good. We'll go away this summer and
dialog: rent a cabin by the lake. Dad will
dialog: tell you about the places he's
dialog: been. And I'll tell you abovt the
dialog: day when I was a g\ and a
text: rhinoceros escaped from ve Fair.
text: A rhinoceros rambles through an [llinois cocn field.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll build a fire and stay up
dialog: late. We'll watch the stars, and
dialog: sing --
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Mr. O'Brien is baffled by thé opposition which he creates for
dialog: himself. Home should be a haven from the world's contempt.
dialog: The ingratitude of children can drive a man to madness.
dialog: He keeps the family's life from being either comfortable or
dialog: tedious. They \iveinoa: continual state of uncertainty. In
text: his better moods he ig their comic. He plays the piano like
text: Harpo Marx in "A Night ak the Opera." He lights a cork, blows
text: it out and apeliesthe Aack ash to his upper lip to create a
text: dandy's moustacne. tte puts on airs and acts out dramas. He
text: sits at the piano and makes it all up as he goes along, like
dialog: a little opera.
text: Mrs. O'Brien laughs as he leaps over the sofa, fencing now.
text: He is like a’child himself, with sudden spasms of craving for
dialog: physical affection -- for proofs of a sentimental love.
text: Jack remembers other times when he has felt close to his
dialog: father. How precious, how wonderful those hours were! Lying
text: on the car seat and listening to him sing to himself at the
dialog: steering wheel as they went on vacation --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Come on! 345 x 78. Visualize it.
dialog: Try again. In your mind. You're not
dialog: trying. Pay attention. Trust me.
dialog: I'm doing this to help you.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it? I want you to stand
dialog: there till you tell me.
text: RL stands in place until the sun goes down. Steve turns to
dialog: his father.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Who are you?
text: Mr. O'Brien looks at him, surprised.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBALLS' HOUSE - WIND CHIMES
text: Jack notes how Mrs. Kimball's thin cotton dress clings to her
text: in the heat. She drinks from a hose.“Tne water flows over her
text: bare feet.
scene_heading: MRS. KIMBALL.
dialog: You want a drink?
text: He shakes his head. She is a kind, lovely woman; shy.
text: Later, he paces back and forth outside the Kimball house,
text: until he sees her through the open drapes.
text: Later still, as night is falling, he walks past the Bates',,
text: eager to see more. There is an odd gray flicker on the
text: ceiling in the living room. TV has entered the neighborhood,
dialog: though no one thinks much of it and only the Bates have a
dialog: set.
scene_heading: EXT. WELLS' HOUSE
text: Howard has a jook of dread on his face. Jack frowns.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Dad’s come back.
text: Jack is transported to +he scene in Howard's recounting of
dialog: it. .
speaker_heading: MR. WELLS (0.S.)
dialog: What am I doing? Minding my
dialog: binness. Go cut a switch.
text: Howard cuts a switch off a willow tree. Mrs. Wells closes
text: herself up inside her bedroom.
text: Howard watches his father come towards him; no, not a father
text: but a beast of wrath and sensuous intoxication. As the blows
text: fall, the boy's cries excite him to greater cruelty.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: MR. WELLS (CONT'D)
dialog: (chewing gum)
dialog: Lick the floor with your tongue.
dialog: Pay! Somebody's going to pay!
text: He takes Howard outside and shoves him down into the storm
text: cellar, shuts the door and sets the chow to guard it. In the
text: darkness below, Howard wails and weeps and pounds his face
text: with his fists. Daddy, Daddy! Please, Daddy! He clenches his
text: fists and beats his chest and begs heaven to protect him. It
text: goes on until he can scream no more but gasps for breath.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Dear God! Help us! Please!
speaker_heading: NEXT DAY
text: The next day Jack listens as RL tetls *neit mother:
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: We learned in school the sun is
dialog: going to die. The earth, too. Is it
dialog: true?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Maybe -- but such a long time from
dialog: now it doesn't matter.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ROOM - JACK
text: Math, geography; boundaries and rules. Day by day, the adult
text: world closes ité¢el€ about him.
text: He gazes at Marsha.So this is love. Where might it lead you?
dialog: It is like returning +o your original state -- like being
dialog: healed.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY - A LATE AFTERNOON IN MAY
text: The boys are playing outside when the wind comes up. In the
text: south the sky has turned black.
text: The branches of the oak tree rise and fall. The wind grows
text: stronger. Shep looks up, puzzled. A newspapec: flies through
text: the street. The boys drift inside. The windows move as if
text: they were breathing. The radio announces an approaching
dialog: storm.
scene_heading: TORNADO - STOCK (35MM) - DUSK, NIGHT
text: A tornado bears down on the town. There is lightning, then
text: hail; big hailstones that bounce off the street. The wind
text: makes a roar like a train.
dialog: 97.
text: Lawn furniture, toys and garbage cans are swept along the
text: street. The front door rattles until it seems the glass might
text: break. The laundry line flies out like a flag.
text: A tree has fallen in the middle of the street, illuminated’ by
text: the headlights of a swerving car. Downed power lines spew
text: showers of sparks. Everyone is soqlemn and still. It seems
dialog: some elemental violence has come forth to threaten good and
dialog: wicked alike; a great power ready at any time to sweep down
text: on men with an unbridled cruelty, tearing the life and hope
text: out of them, destroying the labor of their years.
text: The hailstones split the windshield of a car, smash leaves
text: and branches off the trees. The doors fly open. Curtains are
text: sucked out the window. There is a chaos of thunder and
text: lightning. At length the power q0¢$ ovr. Thei¢ mother appears
text: with a candle and leads them away from the wudows- The flame
text: wavers, threatens to go out.
text: The radio narrates the rest: how an elecbrician working on
text: the roof of a building downtown fell five stories when it
text: collapsed and walked away, -how all went black as power lines
text: popped like strings. The National Guard has been called out,
text: the horn of a flattened truck is still blowing, etc.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD ~ EVIDENCE OF TORNADO'S PASSAGE
text: The next day the children are out in the streets with the
text: grown-ups, noting signs of the tornado's passage: the clothes
text: of strangers hanging from the branches of a tree, a chair, a
text: tricycle too: a catfish sucked up from the lake and dropped
text: on the lawn; a tree struck by lightning, split down the
text: middle, stripped of it§ leaves and bark.
text: A house has been tossed into a field down the road, its
text: intimate Contents Scattered through the street. A car lies
text: demolished while aeyt to it another has gone untouched. A
text: vase stands vadisturhed, in a demolished room. Strangers stare
text: at a family which has \ggt its home. The full wrath of the
text: skies has descended on them alone.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: How does it pick?
text: Uprooted trees lie scattered like bowling pins. It is as if
text: the fabric of reality had been torn away, and beyond it they
dialog: were given to gaze into some abyss of meaninglessness,
text: futility and terror.
speaker_heading: MR. BATES
dialog: McKeever died.
speaker_heading: MR. KIMBALL
dialog: He never did nothing wrong.
dialog: 98.
text: A neighbor has died, a man they rarely saw. Jack has no
dialog: reaction to this news -- only the fear that she might die.
dialog: Where would they be then? Word comes that a hundred and
text: fourteen others have shared Mr. McKeever's fate.
text: That night a figure of death appears to Jack in a dream. She
text: leads him into an abandoned house. She gives Mr. McKeever a
dialog: cup to drink.
text: JACK'S POV ON HIS MOTHER
text: Jack observes his mother, smiling as she helps RL with his
text: science project, a model of the solar system. It seems that
text: in some way she has betrayed him. He €eelg angry at her for
dialog: being so vulnerable, so easily imposed voon., When she asks
dialog: him to help her carry in the grvcecles, he gcetends ~ not to
text: have heard and walks away.
scene_heading: LATER - HIS BROTHER'S HAND
text: As Jack listens to RL practice the guitar, he thinks of his
text: brother's hand, how it played with the wind outside the
text: window of the moving car -- how it reached out to touch the
text: leaves of the tree in the front yard, the bark -- the water
text: running from the hose and spreading across the smooth
dialog: concrete of the driveway ~-
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: His mother speaks in a hushed voice into the phone.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Now he's sold our stocks, the few
dialog: we move--Dack: is acting up at
dialog: Scrool, geting into trouble --
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ROOM
text: Jack competes with a boy named Billy for the title of class
text: clown. While Mr. Reese is giving dictation, he stands up and
dialog: asks:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How do you spell "the"?
text: Everyone laughs. He did not ask it as a joke, however. He
dialog: genuinely forgot. Marsha looks away: This sort of thing is
text: not likely to win her favor. She does not return his greeting
text: in the hall.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: EXT. STICKLEYS' HOUSE
text: Jack stands with Robert and some of the other neighborhood
text: boys near the Stickleys' garage.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Where are you going?
text: He can tell Jack is afraid of him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We're not supposed to bother them.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Who says? They don't use it,
dialog: anyway.
text: They look at each other a moment, then Jack picks up a rock.
text: The first one misses, the second does net. They break out in
text: laughter at the sound of the shattering glass.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUNDRY LINE - WIND CHIMES, MARTIN HOUSE
text: Jack walks through the clothes fluttering indiscreetly on the
text: Kimballs' laundry line. Purple martins flit about their happy
dialog: home.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBALLS' HOUSE - DAWN OF HIS MORAL AWARENESS
text: Jack is playing with the other boys when, out of the corner
text: of his eye, he sees Mrs. Kimball driving away. He turns back
text: to their games, dAistcacted now. He knows he must not go into
text: the house. But the wi6h keeps interposing itself.
text: The garage isstillanAcool . There are a few wasps stirring
text: in the corner. He +e$ts. the door. Once again, it is open. In
text: the distance’ he wears the cries of his playmates.
text: He hesitates. This might be the first time he has ever made a
dialog: simple choice between good and evil, right and wrong.
dialog: Who would be hurt by his disobedience? Yet this is the only
dialog: thing his mother has ever so plainly and explicitly
text: forbidden. His heart pounds in his throat. He turns away, but
text: the wind chimes seem to draw his attention back to the door.
scene_heading: INT. KIMBALLS' HOUSE
text: Crossing the threshold, he feels a sort of vertigo, a pride
text: in his cleverness, a wild reckless joy in abandoning himself
dialog: to the forbidden.
dialog: 100.
text: He wanders through the house examining things, taking care to
text: put them back in their places. He avoids the eyes of the
text: portraits on the wall. He passes by the silver and china. He
text: hesitates before the stairs that lead towards the bedroom.
dialog: Dare he up?
dialog: What do the adults know that he does not? He longs to leave
dialog: his childhood behind.
text: Inside the master bedroom all stands in impeccable order.
text: He looks through Mrs. Kimball's cosmetics, then discovers the
text: chest of drawers where she keeps her clothes. His breath
text: grows quick and shallow.
text: He opens a drawer. He gazes at the folded garments. He takes
text: out a nightgown.
text: Suddenly, a noise. He looks up, starts to leave, then sees to
text: his surprise that he has left the drawer open. He closes it
dialog: quietly.
text: With the craft of a burglar, he does not go back the way he
text: came but unlatches a screen and slips out a window at the
text: back of the house, into the holly bushes with their sharp-
text: tipped leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. KIMBALLS' HOUSE —
text: Outside, he stands alone, breathless. Has anyone seen him? He
text: glances at the gazing ball on its stand in the backyard.
text: Uncertain what +o do with the nightgown, he hides it under a
text: board at the edge oF the woods. His eyes dart left and right.
dialog: No normal boy would do this. Of that he is sure. He should
dialog: have stayed outof the house. He chose not to. He knows.
text: Nature, which once sang around him, is silent now. And yet he
text: feels a subtle alteration in himself; a freedom, with new
dialog: powers of reason and understanding. So this is how they see
dialog: the world!
text: With the opening of his eyes, new hopes awaken, the promise
text: of new joys, their taste so sweet in his anticipation of them
text: that all he has known before seems stale and flat.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: He looks up. It is his mother, calling him. Her voice floats
text: on the air, barely perceptible, through the hedges and back
text: yards. He pretends not to hear. ,
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Where are you?
text: She walks through the yard in the cool of the evening,
dialog: repeating the question. Where are you?
text: He feels conscious of himself, inwardly naked.
text: He trudges heavily back toward his home. It does not seem the
text: place he knew before. He hears something like the breath, or
text: footsteps, of someone coming after him, the voice of a
dialog: stranger far away --
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - MOTHER'S POVS - LETTING GO OF HAND
text: She gazes at him. Something. is wrdng,. His face is fallen.
dialog: Love is not in it.
text: He looks at her. Does she know? How cen h@ tell her all that
text: is in his heart? He has broken faith with her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Where have you been?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Out in the woods. With Cayler.
text: Once he starts, he cannot stop.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: We found some bottles. We broke
dialog: them, Brown bottles.
speaker_heading: MOTHER .
dialog: What is it) Sweetheart?
text: He does not answer, A ¢ jJoud has come over his life. A
text: burglar, a liar, a thief, in bondage to strange forces, the
dialog: good world forever in his past. She would forgive, but he
text: dares not ask. He lets go of her hand.
text: The tone and visual style of the picture have grown harder,
text: more realistic, disenchanted. There are no hints or calls
dialog: from the transcendent world he knew in his play. No more.
dialog: What ship has carried him off? To what far land?
text: The change is indicated to him from all quarters: the rotting
text: peaches on the tree, the grackles gabbing with each other in
text: their roost, the ‘locked gate, a threatening dog, the porch
text: light, the wind blowing uselessly this way and that.
dialog: 102.
text: The stars and the trees have disappeared. They are no more to
dialog: him than the wallpaper in his room. He will never be a child
dialog: again.
scene_heading: EXT. OAK TREE
text: When he goes outside, the oak tree does not speak with him as
text: before. His own dog Shep looks at him as though he was a
text: stranger. The little stream of his disobedience has grown
text: into a river and overspread the earth.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ROOM
text: When Jack next speaks with his teacher, he is very pleasant
dialog: and respectful, if thoroughly ins\ncere. Mr. Reese is
text: deceived by the change in his behavior.
speaker_heading: MR. REESE
dialog: Good job.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Thank you.
text: And so he learns to make his way in the world. He has begun
dialog: to-be aware of how he appears to others and of what they
dialog: think of him. That he can shape their impressions of him --
dialog: act friendly and compliant, then go right on doing what he
text: _pleases, leaving them none the wiser.
dialog: He will show a petty talent and success in school but alas!,
dialog: as a substitute for the real worth that his mother wishes him
dialog: to have.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING. ROOM
text: Jack sees RL at'wock on a watercolor.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: I'm painting it for mother. For her
dialog: birthday.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I got her a paperweight.
text: Later, he looks. at his paperweight. It is not as personal or
dialog: imaginative a gift as RL's, though it- cost more. Will she
dialog: understand?
text: She thanks Jack for his gift, but seems to appreciate RL's
dialog: more.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: How lovely!
text: The next day, Jack pours water over RL's work, causing the
text: colors to run. Later, when she asks him not to slam the
text: screen door, he replies:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm not going to do anything you
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We'll see!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm going to do wha} want.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: What do you know? You let him cun
dialog: all over you.
text: He sees that his words have stung her. He looks up at her:
text: the one who knows him through and through and miraculously
dialog: still loves hin. :
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What's happening to me? I was so
dialog: happy before.
dialog: Why does he do those very things which injure his mother's
dialog: happiness and cause her anxiety? He vowed to make her happy,
dialog: to redeem her sorrow. Now he is the chief cause of it! Will
text: his way lead farther and farther down, into darkness and
dialog: night? Already he \eads the life of a spy.
text: Mrs. O'Brien sees that she has lost him. His soul has drifted
text: away. He has gerownhard and closed. He has turned from her
dialog: way of doing thingSto his father's, though he admires his
dialog: father's way less. How soon before the other boys follow?
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: His mother and father argue. She tries to keep her voice
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They're just kids. You can't expect
dialog: them to act like adults.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don't they see all I'm doing for
dialog: them?
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What are you afraid of? They want
dialog: to love you.. Why don't you go out
dialog: ‘and play catch with them? Praise
dialog: them when they do well.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I. don't want them to get lazy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You ‘turn people against you. You're
dialog: always saying foolish things about
dialog: the men above you. You offend them
dialog: -- almost on purpose.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: They need me. More than T need
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Why don't you tell me the truth?
dialog: (after a silence)
dialog: Why do you always have to pretend?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Pretend?
scene_heading: EXT. A NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: Jack eavesdrops at doors. He spies on a neighborhood woman
text: from the darkness outside her house. He holds a sealed letter
text: up against the Light. He sees a pin-up on a gas station wall.
text: something is pulling hin away from what is dearest to him.
text: When RL calls nim to join in their childish games, he shakes
text: his head. He no fonget cares to follow them into the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. OAK TREE, FRONT YARD
text: RL whispers to Jack as he fingers the bark of the oak tree in
text: the front yard.
speaker_heading: o RL
dialog: I. know we're unhappy now.-- but if
dialog: we touch this tree -- listen, it
dialog: will tell us!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Caleecha Makeecha! The words!
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What words?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: The ones that will destroy all the
dialog: evil in people's hearts and bring
dialog: them everything good. They'll be
dialog: healthy. None sick! And they'll
dialog: never fight again. Listen!
text: Caleecha Makeecha! He whispers the words to waken the tree,
text: to persuade it to unfold its secret.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't believe in that stuff any
dialog: more.
scene_heading: EXT. BATES' HOUSE
text: The boys are playing on a slide at the Bates' house. Rusty
text: Wells has climbed to the top, imagining that he too would
text: like to go down, only to find that he is afraid.
speaker_heading: CAYLER
dialog: Everybody. else has!
text: Jack sneaks up the ladder and gives the trembling child a
text: push. Rusty falls to the ground with a thud. He looks up at
text: Jack, whom he trusted as a friend and protector, then bursts
text: into tears and runs off. Howard does not protest but merely
text: bows his head and leads Rusty home, walking a few paces in
text: front of him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You okay?
text: Jack is astonished. T+ is as though a devil had entered him.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: He was getting in my way.
dialog: There are more and more things his mother and father do not
dialog: know about him and could not guess; things that he is guilty
dialog: of far worse than any they have punished him for.
text: This darkness in himself, it lies in others too. He remembers
text: standing in the dusk, listening to Howard cry. His father had
text: returned home and was beating him with a belt. Why should the
dialog: tornado take better men and leave this beast to roam?
text: Mrs. O'Brien has heard what Jack did to Rusty.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do I do these things? You're
dialog: going to hate me. I want to be like
dialog: I was before. I want to be little
dialog: again.
text: She strokes his back, consoling him.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to be someone else. I always
dialog: do stupid things. Sometimes I want
dialog: to run away. I'm afraid I'm going
dialog: to turn into a killer. Then I'11l
dialog: have to kill myself. I mess up. I
dialog: don't know why. I can make my. hand
text: write a word on a piece of paper.
dialog: But when I want to act right, I
dialog: can't do it. You don't Love me
dialog: anymore, Momma. You don't come and
dialog: give me hugs like you used to. How
dialog: can I be good? Why's it so hard?
text: She looks at him and smiles. He hears a train whistle far
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Starting tomorrow I'm going to
dialog: change. Mr. Reese is going to give
dialog: a silver dollar to the one who
dialog: reads the most books. I want you to
dialog: be hard with me -- to shout at me.’
dialog: I'm ‘na to be a new kid tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE- RADIO SHOWS O.S.
text: He turns from the outdoors to occupy his days with the radio,
dialog: the Sears catalogue and other things of the world.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Earlier, he was not embarrassed to go naked in his mother's
text: presence. Now when she comes upon him getting out of the
text: shower, he quickly shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM
text: One night, for no reason, RL starts repeating his name. Jack
text: pinches him on the arm, to get him to stop.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: Brother.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: When I hit you, you don't hit back.
dialog: Why?
dialog: His brother is more genial. Why would he not be preferred?
text: Then the idea sets in. He will punish his mother through her
dialog: favorite. He will make himself deliberately and knowingly
text: unlovable. He will flaunt his worthlessness as a protest.
text: Now he is alone -- alone with his frailty, with the struggle
text: of light and darkness in his soul. A tide is carrying him
dialog: away from those whom he should love, whose love towards him
dialog: has not changed in the least.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL GROUNDS
text: A student rings the bell for class.
scene_heading: INT. MR. REESE'S OFFICE
text: Jack's mother has been called in for a conference.
speaker_heading: MR. REESE
text: He interrupts the class. He doesn't
dialog: listen to instructions. He's afraid
dialog: to finish his painting, or write a
dialog: sentence -- afraid it might be
dialog: wrong. He copied his report out of
dialog: the World Book.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He cheated?
text: Later, she sees him hit himself in the face in frustration.
text: She decides it “is time to take steps.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Jack overhears his parents discussing his future.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Maybe we should send him away to
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: FATHER (0-S.)
dialog: We don't have the money... The
dialog: other boys can't go. It wouldn't be
dialog: fair.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: I can work. I could get a job.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.5.)
dialog: People would wonder what was
dialog: wrong... We'd lose face.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD
text: Jack leads his brother out into the field beyond the house.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've got something to show you.
text: RL wants to go back. Something about his manner is odd.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: We can shoot wasps. ~
text: Jack has brought his BB gun. He urges his brother to put his
text: finger over the tip.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Do it. Like this. I won't shoot.
dialog: Don't you trust me?
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: You won't do anything?
text: RL smiles. He puts his finger over the muzzle. Jack
text: hesitates. Then he pulls the trigger.
text: RL howls in pain and consternation, looks at his brother,
text: then runs back to the house.
dialog: Jack is sick at heért. It could not have been he who acted in
dialog: this way. Something acted on him. But no, he did it, though a
dialog: strange he; not the real he.
text: A new pain enters his Soul, one that his mother's touch
dialog: cannot take away.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE - LATER
text: RL does not look at him. Never again will he get back to that
text: garden where their spirits mingled as one. He has trampled on
dialog: all that is dear.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I got told on.
text: Even Steve is wary of him.
dialog: 109.
text: TIGHT ON HIS MOTHER
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It was an accident.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, it wasn't. What got into you?
dialog: He wants to’ confess -- all but those sins he feels ashamed
dialog: of.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You always loved him more.
dialog: She will not be put off.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: If you've done your prothec wrens;
dialog: you can set it right. Be Yad to
dialog: him. Do something. Go.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' ROOM
text: Jack gives RL the thunder egg he treasured. RL is delighted.
text: He bounces on the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD
text: Jack walks out across the front yard and stands under the oak
text: tree. He is lost to what he was, but he has found something
dialog: new.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Some days latec, Jack jeins his parents in the living room.
speaker_heading: . FATHER
dialog: Come in here. We want to speak with
dialog: you. Sit down.
dialog: (he does)
dialog: We never finished college, neither
dialog: I nor your mother. We want you to
dialog: have the best education. So we've
dialog: decided -- we're sending you off to
dialog: school.
text: He turns accusingly to his mother. She looks away. She does
dialog: not wish it. But he has been fighting so much with his
dialog: father, it might be the only way to save him from
dialog: destruction.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: «+-We'll still see you on vacation.
dialog: It's just a hundred miles away, you
dialog: know. A good school. I've spoken
dialog: with the people there. They know
dialog: what a good boy you are. But if
dialog: we're going to do this, then you
dialog: will work. Your brothers --
text: Jack leaps up and rushes out of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD AND WOODS
text: His chest heaves with violent emotions5.The trees, the
text: familiar houses offer no consolation now.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HOUSE GOING UP
text: RL leads Jack to a new house that is just: going up at the end
text: of the block. They slip like ghosts among the sweet-smelling
text: studs, and wander through the rooms looking for slugs by the
text: electrical boxes. RL looks at him and smiles.
text: Robert appears. A moment later RL is crying.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: He stole my slugs.
text: Jack gives him the slugs that he himself has found. Then --
scene_heading: EXT. ROBERT'S HOUSE
text: He marches over +o Robert's house and punches him in the
text: nose, knocking him +o the ground.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: His mother speaks with him alone.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I think this will be for the best.
dialog: You've been having so much trouble
dialog: with your father -- I know you love
dialog: him -- and with your classmates at
dialog: school. I -- we -- think it might
dialog: be better than the school here --
dialog: better for you, I mean. We haven't
dialog: been good parents, or you wouldn't
dialog: be under all this tension. We
dialog: should have set you-a better
dialog: example. I will miss you very much.
dialog: 111.
text: Dimly he senses that she does not want this separation --
text: that she is doing something that is very hard for her.
text: She looks at him. The child she expects to have the most
text: trouble with. At last she must give him into the world's
dialog: hands!
scene_heading: EXT. CARPORT
text: One afternoon Mr. O'Brien returns home early. He asks no
text: questions of the boys. He does not demand to know if they
text: have practiced the piano or weeded the beds. His eyes do not
text: meet theirs. It is the middle of a weekday. It is strange to
text: the boys that he is home at all.
speaker_heading: FATHER 2
dialog: Go play for a while, will yous
dialog: want to speak to your mother alone.
text: Inwardly, he seems to stagger.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: He sits down in a corner and gazes out the window. His life
dialog: now seems to him a folly. The world a fraud. But he might
dialog: still have them -- his family -- whom he. took for granted.
text: Jack hears a muffled cry. At first it seems they might be
text: having another fight. But this is a new, unfamiliar sound; a
text: moan. Jack stands in the hall, listens.
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: They're closing the plant. I can
dialog: either steike out on my own, or
dialog: stay with he company and take
dialog: whatever job they offer me. They
dialog: expect me to beg.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: FATHER (O.S.)
dialog: We have to think of the kids. Don't
dialog: tell them what happened. i don't
dialog: want them to worry.
text: Moved at the sight of his shame and dismay, she touches his
text: cheek, consoling him. Jack watches through a crack in the
text: door. Mr. O'Brien trembles with a sense of wonder and
dialog: discovery.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not the man I thought I was.
dialog: I've driven my sons away from me. I
dialog: thought I was making them -- tough
dialog: -- so they could live in the world
dialog: -- so they could get ahead -- go
dialog: farther. I treated them with
text: malice.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You didn't know what you were
dialog: doing.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I did. I knew while Lwas doing it.
dialog: It was a rational malice. L thought
dialog: I could never harm anyone L loved!
dialog: I worked my fingers+o the bone.
dialog: Six, seven days a week. I titwed at
dialog: church. I made the others think I
dialog: was something I'm not. And you,
dialog: what have I done to you, who've
dialog: loved me through it all: someone
text: lower than a worm.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: They gave me a choice: no job, or a
dialog: job nobody wants. Where did I go
dialog: wrong? But this could be an
dialog: exci din new opportunity for us. I
dialog: Mean, not really being fired,
dialog: yusr—-— reassigned . I've gone about
dialog: aS facasgI1 can go here. It might
dialog: be +tme +o Move on.
text: Jack sees RL has come up behind him in the hall.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: It was my fault. I believed in the
dialog: company! What I should have done
dialog: was take my life into my own hands.
dialog: Now I'm low. In the mud. The
dialog: strange thing is -- I feel free!
dialog: (taking her hands)
dialog: Thank you for loving me!
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Jack looks at his mother and father. He waits for an
text: explanation. He never before has seen him shaken and
text: bewildered.
speaker_heading: RL
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I lost my job. They want to --
dialog: transfer me. They don't understand
dialog: the business. There are ups and
dialog: downs. Everyone knows +hat --
text: Jack's heart opens towards him.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you understand? You Can. You
dialog: will! Forgive me. I've behaved so
dialog: badly -- I've not only lost the
dialog: light myself, but the power to give
dialog: it to you -- my children. I've
dialog: given you my darkness instead. And
dialog: it will take you years to find your
dialog: way out of it. I wanted to be
dialog: strong! A man you could love --
text: He looks at them. He sees how much he needs them, more than
dialog: the success he craved, more than wealth or prestige.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you love me?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (nods )
dialog: I'm aS pad as you are.
dialog: (aetec a pause)
dialog: I'm more like you than her.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No you're not. I can make up for
dialog: it. All those wasted years -- it
dialog: will be like they never were! The
dialog: waste!
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Just work hard. You don't need to
dialog: be rich. By God, we've still got
dialog: some fight in us yet, boy! We're
dialog: not dead yet. Not half dead!
text: Even in such a moment his father cannot resist a theatrical
dialog: flourish.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now. we'll only be able to, send one
dialog: of you away to school. You have to
dialog: get through. The way your
dialog: grandfather did, when he came to
dialog: this country.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'll work hard, I promise. I'll
dialog: make you proud. I see all you do.
dialog: I'm proud of you, Dad.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don't say that -- You boys are all
dialog: that I've done in le. Otherwise . I
text: drew a zilch.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: You're all I have -- allZ want to
dialog: have.
text: He lays his hands on top of Jack's head.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Father, I give him my blessing.
dialog: There's so much I can't do, and
dialog: haven't done. I give you my son!
dialog: Bless and keep him. Bless all the
dialog: children.
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: Know that, much as I love you,
dialog: there's one who loves you even more
dialog: -- wholl always guard and protect
dialog: you -—
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's you I want.
text: Jack throws himself jnto his father's arms. Light spreads
dialog: through his soul, the spirit which moved over the chaos; the
dialog: first light of creation.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Forgive me.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don't say that! How could I -~ not
dialog: forgive anyone?
text: He hugs his father close. He has learned to love and be
text: loved. In forgiving, he receives forgiveness too.
dialog: 115.
text: Forgiveness has given him the key to reality. He sees it now:
dialog: love is the answer to evil and sorrow. He will love every
dialog: leaf and every stone, every ray of light!
dialog: This is the way to the lost kingdom. This is what life will
dialog: be: drawing closer and closer to the eternal.
speaker_heading: ALONE WITH RL
text: Jack gives RL his knife, his compass. RL smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: Jack goes out under the tree in the Front. yard. He sees with
text: the eyes of his soul. Even sorrow has brovant him good.
scene_heading: SCENES HIS SPIRIT SEES - CRANE AND AERIAL SHOTS
text: Fields, forests, tall mountains: the world is restored to its
text: original beauty. His soul has emerged from childhood. He
text: soars like a god.
dialog: His has been a journey into light, into love; out of error
text: into truth, from grief to consolation, out of death to the
text: shores of a new, unending life.
dialog: The eternal is not one thing, and he another. He grows from
text: it like a tree from the earth.
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO
text: Jack finds WmselF alone with his mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: TL love you, honey -. I'm proud of
dialog: You. Eromtime to time you might go
dialog: wrong. Dow+ blame yourself. You
dialog: have ae wrong in order to grow.
text: Tears sting his eyes. May he be worthy of her pride!
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: We're a family still. Our troubles
dialog: -~- can bring us closer. Sometimes
dialog: we can't stay where we were. We
dialog: have to move on. I know you don't
dialog: want to leave this place behind but
dialog: something good lies ahead of you.
dialog: Something beyond your dreams.
scene_heading: THE FAMILY TOGETHER - LATER’
dialog: The family. Together. That is enough.
dialog: 116.
text: Mrs. Stickley comes out of her house. It is the first time
text: Jack has ever laid eyes on her. She is an old woman. She
text: looks at him, smiles, says nothing. .
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR ~ DOORBELL
text: The doorbell rings. Mrs. O'Brien finds their widowed
text: neighbor, Mrs. McKeever, on the front step.
scene_heading: MRS. MCKEEVER
dialog: I heard you all might be leaving. I
dialog: just wanted to pay you back ~~
dialog: well, a start -- $50 --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Pay us back for what?
scene_heading: MRS. MC KEEVER
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I thought you knew. Well, f hope I
dialog: haven't done anything wrong. When
dialog: my husband died in the tornado,
dialog: your husband came over and gave us
dialog: $1000 so we could keep up the house
dialog: payments. You're not upset?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Not at all.
text: On the contrary, her neighbor has rekindled Mrs. O'Brien's
dialog: love for her husband. She had assumed their stocks were sold
dialog: to satisfy his gar ‘*'1g debts.
scene_heading: INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE ~A Mowt LATER
text: They are packing ve sine house, preparing to leave. Jack walks
text: through the empty fCooms. Already it seems as if they lived
dialog: here in some time long past:
scene_heading: FATHER AND MOTHER
text: Mr. O'Brien sees his wife saying goodbye to her gardenias.
text: She runs her hand over the bright, waxy leaves.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: They won't grow in the north.
text: She nods, comes to his side, smiles.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's not fight or blame each
dialog: other. Can we start again? I'm
dialog: going to make you happy.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: EXT. OAK TREE
text: Jack watches as RL sets an offering at the base of the oak
text: tree: some rocks, a dead minnow, a coin and a playing card.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD
text: Jack casts a last, lingering look at the neighbors' houses.
text: He will never live here again. This part of his life is over.
dialog: But now that music comes back which he once heard in the
text: woods, then ceased to hear; an answering voice.
scene_heading: JACK'S POVS ON FATHER
text: Mr. O'Brien is back at his old way, rormenting them with
dialog: scoldings and arbitrary orders. Yas he Foaottén his great
dialog: revelation? Jack's nerves are taux, Lk ‘seems forgiveness must
dialog: be an ongoing business.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: Pick it up by the handle.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: We'll leave at sunrise.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: It is early morning. They said their farewells to the
text: neighbors the Mant wefore. The station wagon is loaded up.
text: The movers have already left.
text: RL does a rain datce. Steve is in the car. The gate stands
text: open that leads ovt to the woods.
text: Jack comes up beside RU and takes his hand. Bending forward,
text: he kisses his brother on the cheek.
scene_heading: UP ANGLE ON MOTHER - MUSIC ~ A FANFARE
text: Mrs. O'Brien sees this, smiles. She takes Jack by the hand,
text: and together they go off, the world before them now.
scene_heading: POVS FROM MOVING CAR
text: They are pulling away when Shep appears. They almost forgot
text: him. He wags his tail as he jumps in the car.
text: The streets of Waco recede behind them.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - GULLIED FIELDS - ROAD AHEAD - MUSIC
text: A rainbow spreads above the horizon as they set out toward
text: the east, onto the cold plain of the world.
text: They pass a highway crew: men toiling by the sweat of their
text: brows. Civilization appears; tall buildings; public works.
text: Jack gazes at the road ahead; hopeful, expectant.
speaker_heading: PART THREE
scene_heading: EXT. CITY - JACK (ADULT) - THE FUTURE
text: Jack, an adult now, wakes up from his revesie . His soul has
text: come to life. He sees the order of thinas, the Sanity of the
dialog: creative scheme; a moral purpose underly: 4 all.
text: Now, before his eyes, the future un@olds,
scene_heading: THE WORLD IN RUINS —- THE GREAT TRIBULATION
text: Scenes from the Congo, from Bangladesh, Iraq and Chad.
text: Children stranded by a flood; their mute, inquiring eyes.
text: Dry, abandoned wells. Riots, fires. Grief and dread have
dialog: seized the earth.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW EARTH —- THE FAMILY OF MAN
text: The music shifts to a major key. The C minor of the chaos
text: section is resolved into a triumphant E flat major as, after
text: the great Catastrophe, a new earth appears; a new land of the
dialog: spirit.
dialog: Evil is oveccome, wrong 1S set right. Men lay down their
text: arms. Manacles are, wadone, Bolts and locks fly open. Black
text: embraces white, Mushm Jew. Man recovers his lost
dialog: inheritance. The sov\ ig reconciled with nature.
text: Women from Guatemala, India, Kenya, Greenland: they smile at
text: their children. Scenes of peace and harmony: from the
dialog: Dordogne, from Bhutan’ and Switzerland, and other happy lands
text: where the earth is still a garden.
scene_heading: THE END OF THE EARTH (CGI) ~ BLACK SKY - MUSIC
text: The last days of the earth. Man has long since left its
text: surface to seek asylum on worlds yet unknown. The atmosphere
text: has vanished. The seas have boiled away. The land melts. Lava
text: streams down the naked hills.
text: Trumpets sound as the sun swells outward, spewing its last
text: reserves of energy into the night of space.
dialog: 119.
text: The earth skims through an envelope of luminous white gas, in
text: eventless rounds.
scene_heading: THE DYING SUN (CGI) - PLANETARY NEBULA - TENDER MUSIC
text: The dying sun collapses to a fraction of its former size, a
dialog: white dwarf now.
dialog: All man's sacrifices, his work, his suffering and genius are
text: gone without a trace. Nothing seems the better or worse for
dialog: it, nothing improved or diminished. He was here one day,
text: swept away the next.
text: The sun, torn from its axis, drifts +heovqn space without
text: purpose or direction, an undistinguished ciadec glowing with
text: a faint blue light, no brighter Fran today's full moon.
text: Behind it, like a lost child, trails a cenant of the earth.
scene_heading: NEW WORLDS, IMAGINARY LIFE (CGI) ~ PANDROMEDA
text: New worlds spring up from the ashes of the old. New suns,
text: with new planets in their spheres. Numberless galaxies, in a
dialog: universe without center or circumference.
text: As the universe grows older, life assumes new forms. It runs
text: like a fire to the uttermost reaches of space and time --
text: breaks free of its confinement to mortal flesh -- resolves
text: itself into the unbounded and ethereal -- into spirit, light.
scene_heading: DEGENERATE ERA (CGI) —- A THOUSAND TRILLION YEARS FROM NOW ~—
scene_heading: LAST WORLDS PER\SHING- DEATH OF THE UNIVERSE - END OF TIME
dialog: At length these new worlds pesioh Like those which preceded
text: them. Their mountains bucn like tar. Their suns go out like
text: candles in the wind. Stars are scattered like chaff, and the
dialog: heavens roll up |\Kea scecoll .
text: The expansion of the universe accelerates. The galaxies
text: recede out of sight of each other. All but those in our local
text: group become invisible. Gradually, as they run out of
text: hydrogen, star formation ceases. Only brown and white dwarfs
text: remain, with neutron stars, black holes, atoms the size of
dialog: the Milky Way, and other bizarre products of this era. With
text: each passing year they drift farther and farther apart from
dialog: each other.
text: Night sinks into a deeper night. Now and then there is a
text: burst of light as two dwarfs collide to form a new star.
text: When there is nothing left to devour, the biack holes
text: themselves evaporate away.
dialog: 120.
text: All dies, even death itself. Time comes to a close, and all
dialog: is as it was in the beginning.
dialog: Shall the creation leave off here? Has death no purpose,
dialog: great as life's?
text: The same triumphant music accompanies the departure of these
text: celestial scenes as greeted their arrival at the start of our
text: story, when the stars were first born. A hymn of joy.
dialog: Though all that lives is doomed to die, something yet
dialog: remains. Though even our universe is not eternal, there yet
dialog: is that which is. .
scene_heading: THE MULTIVERSE (CGI) - MULTIPLE @1@ BANGS— THIRD EXPANSION
text: From the sadness and gloom of the jas* nlaht, new universes
text: burst forth, one rising out of the other, a fountain of
dialog: light.
text: Creation is eternal birth. A beginning without end. It
dialog: happens in every instant of time.
text: The same power which burns in the stars and nebulae burns
dialog: equally in us. Our being is a miracle, equal with the
dialog: creation of the universe, and like the universe, each day is
dialog: created anew.
text: For a third time, the cosmos expands. Universes froth and
text: dance like bubbles in a pot of boiling water. Most contain no
text: life -- unstable seas of neutrinos, photons and electrons,
dialog: incapable of combinin to form any higher structure -- but
dialog: what can we say of +he, countless others?
dialog: We have ceviewede whole “of time, in order that we might
dialog: see what is wiMhout be hnaing or end -- without growth,
text: without decay -- elesnt 4. ‘evealing itself in the phenomena
dialog: of time -- as active in undoing as in doing.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON JACK (30) - DAWN
text: The first shafts of dawn reach into the city of desolation.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY ~ CROSSROADS - DAWN
text: Jack finds himself at the edge of the city. A choice is
dialog: offered him: he may either go back into the labyrinth where
dialog: he wandered so long, or come out into the unknown and
dialog: unfamiliar.
scene_heading: EXT. WALL, RAMPS, DOOR - REIMERS RANCH SET - DAWN
text: He sees a ramp, a ladder, a gateway, a door.
dialog: 121.
text: Gathering his courage, he goes forward. The door is ajar. He
text: stands at the threshold. There is no sound of life, only the
text: wind. What lies on the other side? Does he dare to see?
text: One step, and he is through.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD BEYOND THE WALL ~ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC
text: He stands in a field beyond the wall, which already seems to
text: lie far behind him. He hears the singing of cicadas. The land
text: is dry. He looks for water. He will not find it here.
scene_heading: EXT. SLOT CANYON - GOBLIN VALLEY - SLICKROCK (UTAH) WITH TIME
scene_heading: LAPSE OF FLOWING WATER, CLOUDS — CLIMB
text: He passes through the narrow defile of aslo* canyon. His
text: heart pounds with dread. He climbs Ancougn ne rock.
text: He sees a coral snake on the ground. This and other images
dialog: from his past gradually take shape -- assume a sense they did
text: not have before. At last he begins to understand the meaning
text: and the pattern of his life. Everything seems a clue, an
text: oracle: the nighthawk overhead, the rising moon, the faint
text: sound of a guitar.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM - POOL AMONG PETRIFIED DUNES - DAWN
text: A stream runs through the rock. He approaches it. A canyon
text: wren is singing. He kneels down beside the water. He drinks
text: from it. He bathes his’ face and neck.
dialog: We have traveled up the river of time -- ascended, from
dialog: nature to the sov\.
dialog: Paradise is nota elace here or there. The soul is paradise;
text: it opens before us; here, today. The humblest things show it.
dialog: We live in the eternal, even now.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNFLOWER FIELD
text: Sunflowers, their heads turned towards their source: the
text: unseen sun, illuminating all with its bright shafts, pressing
text: eagerly through chinks and cracks, driving the darkness
dialog: before it -- .
scene_heading: EXT. LAND OF THE DEAD - MIST - DUST - CAVE/SEA/CITY/QUARRY —
scene_heading: UTAH SALT FLATS - MONO LAKE ~ GRASSLAND - BOMARZO - DAWN
text: Dawn tints the high clouds as a fresh wind finds its way into
dialog: the land of death, at the end of that road from which there
text: is no return, where men sit in darkness, where dust is their
dialog: food.
dialog: 122.
text: The mists dissolve away. Light breaks through a high window,
text: awakening the dead. The sleepers open their eyes, look about.
text: They rise up exultant, changed -- fresh as they were in the
dialog: days of their youth.
text: They gather from different places -- all who have ever lived.
text: They ascend towards the light at the mouth of a cave. They
text: come out of the city streets where they last walked -- out of
text: quarries and abandoned factories, and up from the depths of
dialog: the sea.
text: Their faces are covered with ash. Each wears that costume
dialog: which indicates his character or occupation while he was.
text: alive: a ball gown, a cassock, amilitacmM uniform or simply
text: his Sunday best. One drags a chain; anokher pushes a large
text: ball. Gradually, as though at the close of ~ masquerade, they
dialog: put these disguises aside.
text: They stop by a pool to wash their faces. Their features grow
dialog: more distinct.
text: They wander over a salt flat. At first the ground is dry and
text: cracked. Then, with a mounting excitement, they discover
text: water beneath their feet. Ahead lies a mountain. Rain clouds
text: stand above its peak.
text: Shoots of young grass spring up through the hard ground.
scene_heading: EXT. SAND DUNES —- REUNION AND REBIRTH
text: Men and women embrace in the dawn, reunited at last. Husband
text: and wife, mother aad child, greet each other in joy and awe.
text: Eagerly they tell each, other all that has happened. The ages
text: since they last saw each oe have passed off like a dream.
dialog: Here there is no before of after.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE OF ETERNITY- MUSIC OF UNBOUNDED JOY
text: They go down toward the shore, entranced by a growing
text: brightness in the east. They speak with each other in
dialog: whispers.
text: The shore teems with people now. Water laps at their feet. A
text: crown lies cast down on the wet sand. Mrs. Stone finds her
text: son, Mrs. McKeever her husband. Jack sees other figures from
text: his past: Mr. Reese, O.C., his grandmother and his uncle,
text: Betty and Ruth, Cayler and others: the prisoner, the lame
text: man, Marsha and Robert. It is as though they were coming
text: together in one great chorus.
text: This is the end of the voyage of life. The music sings: all
dialog: came from love, to love all shall return.
dialog: 123.
text: Jack has crossed over death's threshold, gone beyond space
dialog: and time, to some greater life which includes death within
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HIS BROTHER
text: Now, from a distance, he hears that sweet voice which he
dialog: trusts most in all the world.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Brother!
text: As RL approaches, Jack reaches out and takes his hand. We see
text: him from the back; never face on.
speaker_heading: JACK CCONT’D)
dialog: I've found you.
text: They melt into each other's arms. Here ,1n the eternal, they
dialog: have not been apart.
text: The walls of the world fly away. It can hold them no longer.
dialog: They know each other in that which is without end.
scene_heading: MOTHER AND FATHER
text: Turning, Jack sees his mother, father and Steve looking on.
text: He leads RL towards them.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Is it you?
text: RL wipes the }¢aCS From her eyes.
speaker_heading: 1 MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You:
text: She embraces her lost sen. She touches his hands, his face,
dialog: ecstatic. Wonder! Unspeakable joy!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: My son!
text: Now, with open arms, his father comes towards him. Love
text: unites what death and suffering have put asunder. He turns
text: to his wife. She caresses her child's hair. She looks at the
text: strangers who are standing by, as though.to ask if she is
text: dreaming. She looks at Jack. She nods. Her grief is cured.
text: Her doubts are ended.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.)
dialog: What you are can't die.
dialog: 124.
text: The plain and ordinary has become a door to the infinite. He
text: lives in that which neither comes into being nor passes away.
text: He takes his mother's hands. The music drops away. He knows
text: love and not its semblance. The world itself is music now.
speaker_heading: ETERNITY
text: Dawn approaches.
text: We pass beyond death. We arrive at the eternal, the real --
dialog: at that which neither flowers nor fades, which neither comes
dialog: into being nor passes away -- that in which we might live
dialog: forever. Hitherto all has been mere. \mage, all that we think
text: solid and permanent. Space, time, evanescent all; images
dialog: only, the purpose and last end e\sewhere; tne life of life.
dialog: Eternity -- that realm of pure and endless \iqht -- how shall
text: we represent it? A ladder leading up \nto a tree. Sparks
text: flying up from a fire. A bridge. A kiss. A solitary island.
dialog: A single image might serve better than several combined. The
text: whole creation in the figure of a tree. The smallest leaf
text: communicates with the lowest root, all parts feeding on the
text: same sap, breathing in the same air and sunlight, drawing the
text: same life up from the darkness of the earth below.
text: Simple images, captured with a pinhole camera. After the
dialog: nervous movements of time, we see that of which time is a
text: moving picture.
text: A child; the similamt4 in form between the shape of his ear
text: and that of an oysters shell , between the cowlick at the crown
text: of his head anda apkoxry. & lotus, its stalk rising clear of
dialog: the water; its \ea®+o which nothing clings. Sequoias. A
text: rose, unfolding. Life surpassing itself.
text: A locomotive approaches the end of a tunnel. The light draws
text: closer. Soon it shall burst out into the day. No longer a
text: blind mechanism, it has become (quick dissolves, quick cuts)
text: a river -- living, flowing -- the pure waters of the river of
text: life, rushing down from a mountain peak.
text: Winter has passed. The leafless woods our hero wandered in
text: are green and cool, murmurous with the song of birds.
dialog: You separate the true from the false. You, to whom all things
dialog: return, from whom all proceed; in whom they are; the
dialog: beginning of things and their last end; the goal of each and
dialog: all.
dialog: 125.
text: The whole of the picture has been a sifting. The chaff flies
dialog: away, the kernel remains. Something lives in you that shall
dialog: outlast the stars.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE
text: As Jack watches, his mother spreads her arms towards her
text: children, restored to faith and happiness, reconciled to
dialog: life.
text: Now he sees that it was she -- his mysterious guide, the
text: guardian of his heart, the source of his moral. being. She is
text: the mother of all creation. All flows out of her; she is the
text: gateway, the door. She smiles tnrovay a\\ things.
text: Through her the eternal sought him. From out of her mouth it
text: spoke. Through her life and actions she brovaht them near it.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.5)
dialog: Fear no longer. You shall find me.
text: The camera rises with the music's circling strings ~- over
text: the trees, over the hills and plains. Now there is rest. The
text: peace of eternity spreads about him, and all is as it was in
dialog: the beginning.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY
text: Rain. Weeds in the cracks of a sidewalk. Children playing. We
text: are back with Jack in the city. Even in these streets, the
dialog: eternal shines. This is God's world, and not an infinite
dialog: plain of chaos and soccow after all.
dialog: Though he must lina@ here a while yet, he will not despair.
text: A new life I1es bekoce Wim. A faith which sees through death.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Know that I am.
scene_heading: EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE
text: We return to the present, to the noise and confusion of the
dialog: everyday, to the place we set out from. We see it now as
text: though for the first time. What seemed plain and familiar
text: glows with a radiance it did not display before. We have
dialog: found the infinite in the everyday, the commonplace.
text: Jack looks about. Will the revelation be forgotten? Will it
dialog: seem a passing fancy -- a dream?
text: Inside the house, his father is playing the piano. His mother
text: has gone into the backyard. A bell sounds.
dialog: 126.
text: The great oak tree stands like a sentient being --
text: thoughtful, benevolent -- looking down on him.
text: He puts his ear against the trunk and listens for those words
dialog: that, it was foretold, would destroy the evil in men's hearts
dialog: and bring them good.
text: The camera rises up through the branches, cranes up and up
text: until it breaks out of the canopy of leaves into the sky
dialog: above.
text: All ends in peace, as music does. The last chord melts into
text: ordinary production sound. Time has reappeared; resumed its
dialog: sway.
dialog: And still the vision is not the Jovenery. Tue real journey has
dialog: yet to begin.
dialog: Will he give himself to this new life? Does he dare?
text: A stranger, smiling.
dialog: A threshold.
dialog: A star.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
