speaker_heading: THE BALLAD OF
speaker_heading: BUSTER SCRUGES
dialog: €
dialog: Written by
dialog: Joel Coen and Ethan Coen
dialog: 
dialog: “You seen ‘em, you play ‘em,’ sneered the hard man.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: 
text: + lose on a heavy volume, morocco-bound. To the extent that the book does not fill
text: WOl the screen we see that it rests on a knotty, oaken table.
text: Ahand enters the bottom of the frame and opens the book to the title page. With its
text: opposite page the cream-colored vellum now fills the screen. The title reads:
dialog: The Ballad Of Buster Scruggs
dialog: And Other Tales of the American Frontier
dialog: --With Color Plates--
text: The page is turned again. The page on the left side is the table of contents, the page on
text: the right is the list of color plates.
text: Without pausing the unseen hand turns the page again to the title page of the first
dialog: story:
dialog: The Ballad Of Buster Scruggs
text: We hold for the briefest moment and the page is turned again to reveal a translucent
text: sheet of rice paper, which is itself turned to reveal a full color illustration in the style of
dialog: N.C. Wyeth.
text: From a low angle the picture shows a burly outlaw rising to his feet from his place at
text: a saloon card table. His right hand hovers over his holstered six-gun, a toothpick is
text: clenched between his yellowed teeth.
text: Objects on the table have been knocked askew by the sudden movement. The players
text: around him all look off toward the object of the burly man’s ire, who occupies our (the
dialog: viewer’s) perspective.
text: We travel down to a caption below the illustration:
text: “You seen ‘em, you play ‘em,” sneered the hard man.
text: The page turns once more to a full page of text which begins:
text: None heard it, but the man’s voice carried through the
text: crisp morning air, just outside of Mexican Hat. His horse
text: clip-clopped, it seemed, in time...
dialog: Dissolve from the page to:
scene_heading: EXT. MONUMENT VALLEY - DAY
text: Panoramic view of Monument Valley. Mighty towers of red sandstone rise from the
text: desert floor below. We hear only the sound of the wind.
text: Then, distantly, singing. A tiny figure just visible to the naked eye, dressed in white and
text: riding a white horse, has cornered a huge archway of stone.
text: Close on the rider, Buster Scruggs. His white clothing and ten-gallon hat are
text: blindingly clean. He has one leg drawn up to rest on the pommel and a guitar resting
text: on the leg. He strums as he sings, smiling.
text: He finishes the song, holding the last note. Then he hooks the guitar over the saddle
text: horn and picks up the reins. He addresses the camera as he continues to ride.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
text: A song never fails to divert m’mind
dialog: during a long day’s ride out here
dialog: in the West, where distances’re
text: great and the scenery monotonous.
text: Additionally, m’pleasing baritone
dialog: seems inspirit good ol’ Dan,
dialog: keepin’ him in good heart through
text: the day’s measure of hoofclops.
dialog: Ain’t that right, Dan?
text: A confirming Huntz Hall from the horse.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe y’all’ve heard a me, Buster
dialog: Scruggs—known to some as the San
dialog: Saba Songbird. I got other handles,
dialog: nicknames, appelations and
dialog: cognoments...
text: He is reaching into his necessary bag and draws from it a wanted poster with a picture
text: of himself with his name printed beneath, and beneath that, “The Misanthrope.”
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... but this’n here I don’t
dialog: consider t’be even halfways earned.
dialog: I don’t hate m’fellow man even when
dialog: he’s tiresome’n surly’n tries to
dialog: cheat at poker. Why I figure that’s
dialog: just the human material...
text: He crumples the handbill and tosses it over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT’D)
dialog: ... and himmet finds in it cause
dialog: for anger’n dismay is just a fool
dialog: for expectin’ better. Ain’t that
dialog: right, Dan?
text: Another Huntz Hall.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Well folks, unless I grievously
dialog: misremember, there’s a little
text: cantina on the other side of yon
dialog: rimrocks, and if I’m in luck itll
dialog: be customers there amenable to
text: drawin’ up in a circle round a deck
dialog: acards. Git up now! Haw!
scene_heading: INT. CANTINA - DAY
text: The door creaks open and Buster Scruggs takes in the humble establishment: a slow
text: pan shows a rude small-windowed place with rough wood appointments and a planktop
text: bar. The few hard-looking men drinking there have stopped to look up at the visitor.
text: Buster Scruggs claps his hat against his clothes, raising a fine dust. He addresses the
dialog: bartender.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Like me a splash a whiskey ter wash
dialog: this traildust offen my gullet’n
dialog: keep m’singin’ voice in fettle.
text: The bartender slowly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Dry county. Whiskey’s illegal.
text: Buster looks around at the other customers.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: What’re they drinkin’?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Whiskey.
text: A beat during which Buster tries to square the information. The bartender explains:
speaker_heading: BARTENDER (CONT’D)
dialog: ... They’s outlaws.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Well don’t let m’white duds’n
dialog: pleasant demeanor fool ya, I too
dialog: have been known to violate the
dialog: statutes a man—and not a few a the
dialog: laws a the Almighty.
text: The hardest of the hard men seated nearby gives a derisive chuckle.
speaker_heading: HARD MAN
dialog: Hew ain’t no outlaw.
text: Buster turns to face him. The man, chewing a toothpick, offers calculated provocation:
speaker_heading: HARD MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: ... And we don’t drink with tinhorns.
text: Buster meets the taunt with a smile.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Sir, it seems you are no better a
dialog: judge of human bein’s than you are
text: a specimen of one. Just on a brief
dialog: inventory I’d say you could use
dialog: yourself a shave and a brighter
dialog: disposition and lastly if you don’t
dialog: mind me aspersin’ your friends a
dialog: better class of drinkin’ buddies.
text: The man grunts. His companions grunt, looking at Buster in surprise and pity. The
text: hard man, mouth clamped on his toothpick, slowly rises, gunhand poised beside his
text: holster.
text: Buster is completely relaxed, hands at his sides. The hard man sneers:
speaker_heading: HARD MAN
dialog: Your shootin’ iron work?
text: In less time than it takes to tell, Buster draws and shoots the man in the head and twirls
text: his gun and reholsters it.
text: The hard man, a neat hole in his forehead, stands on his feet for a suspended moment,
text: not yet aware that he is dead.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Appears to do, yes.
text: The hard man drops.
text: His friends stare, stunned.
text: As one, they leap to their feet hauling out guns.
text: Buster redraws his and, fanning the hammer, lays the men down with four quick shots.
text: He cocks the hammer one last time and for some reason whips the gun round to point it
text: backward under his left armpit.
text: He holds that odd posture for a long moment, then slowly turns his head to look back
text: over his left shoulder.
text: Behind him, the bartender is frozen in the act of reaching down a shotgun from over
dialog: the bar.
text: The two men have eye contact.
text: Buster winks at the bartender and—BLAM!—fires.
text: One man from among the group at the table is not dead. He crawls pitifully toward the
text: door of the cantina. Buster, surprised, looks at the camera.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Appears that the vitals of this
dialog: lucky sonofagun remain
text: unpunctured—sloppy shootin’ on my
dialog: part!
text: The man’s groaning and scraping sounds are the only noise in the cantina.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... But the nearest human
text: habitation is a day’s ride away,
dialog: three days on foot, ‘n lord alone
dialog: knows how many on your belly. I
dialog: suspect that wolves’n gila
dialog: monsters’ll save me on ammo. Adios,
dialog: amigo. Puts me in mind of a song...
scene_heading: EXT. CANTINA - DAY
text: Buster fetches up onto his horse and pulls out his guitar. He sings “Lonesome
text: Cowboy” as he sets out from the cantina. Behind him we can see the dying man hauling
text: himself out the doorway into the vast dustiness of the desert.
scene_heading: EXT. A TOWN - DAY
text: Buster finishes the song as he travels the town’s one dusty street. He puts up his guitar.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Frenchman’s Gulch. This town is new
dialog: to me. But I ain’t never knowed
dialog: nothin’ French to be dry.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - DAY
text: Buster enters. It is everything he could have hoped for: smokey air, flocked wallpaper,
text: somewhere a piano playing, and several tables set about where men play cards. The
text: place is crowded with drinkers, poker-players, hell-raisers.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hang on, son...
text: The voice belongs to a man behind a small counter by the swinging doors. He taps to
text: indicate a small sign on the facing of the counter: CHECK FIREARMS HERE.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONTD)
dialog: . House policy.
text: Buster amiably unhitches his gunbelt.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Here’s the six-shooters...
text: He bends down to pull a derringer from each boot.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT’D)
dialog: ... Now’re you gonna be wantin’ the
dialog: sefiiorita pistols as well?
speaker_heading: CHECKER
text: Everthang, ‘cludin’ knives.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Never partial to knives. I ain’t
dialog: much for workin’ in close.
text: As he strolls away:
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Feel a bit naked but I guess
dialog: with ever one similarly
dialog: disadvantaged there’s scant chance
dialog: of misadventure. Hello!
text: He is reacting to a man rising at a nearby table and tossing down his cards.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: T’m out.
text: As he stalks away Buster slides into his chair.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: This is well timed. You gentlemen
dialog: mind if I take his spot?
text: A surly man directly across answers:
speaker_heading: ANGRY MAN
dialog: Iffen you play his hand.
text: Buster picks up the five face-down cards and looks: aces and eights. A beat.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: I would prefer not to.
text: Another man, in a vest and with a small neatly waxed mustache, has a French accent:
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: It is too late. You have regarded
dialog: ze cards.
speaker_heading: SURLY MAN
dialog: You seen ‘em. You play ‘em.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Tain’t anted.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Ze uzzer hombre anted.
speaker_heading: SURLY MAN
dialog: You seen ‘em. You play ‘em.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: And what if I don’t?
text: The surly man rises. He has a gun in his hand. He aims it across the table.
speaker_heading: SURLY MAN
dialog: Play them cards, fancy dan.
text: The table—the entire establishment—falls silent.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Can’t no one compel a man to engage
dialog: in recreation, and certainly not a
text: sonofagun as ill-humored as
dialog: yourself.
text: He rises slowly, holding his hands away from his sides as a sign that he is unarmed.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Second place, m’horse’s Dan,
dialog: I’m Buster—Buster Scruggs. And
dialog: third place—
speaker_heading: SURLY MAN
dialog: Buster Scruggs? The Runt from Reata Pass!
text: He pulls back the hammer on the gun, smiling.
speaker_heading: SURLY MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: ... And dis-pistoled!
text: Buster looks at the gun, looks at the man.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: I do hail from Reata Pass which is
dialog: in the county of San Saba, bein’
dialog: the which-a-why “The San Saba
dialog: Songbird” is m’sobriquet of
dialog: preference. But right now I would
dialog: appreciate it if you would place
dialog: your weapon in that receptacle by
text: the swingin doors, which concealin’
dialog: it on your person in the first
dialog: place was a violation of the rules
dialog: of this establishment and an
dialog: offense against local norms.
text: The surly man chuckles. He aims the gun toward the middle of Buster’s chest.
speaker_heading: SURLY MAN
dialog: And ifPn I don’t?
text: Buster raises one leg and stamps smartly on the near side of the table. The far side flips
text: up, knocking the man’s gunhand upward to discharge into his face.
text: The table settles and the hand drops, still clutching the gun. The surly man’s face is
text: half shot away.
text: Buster stamps two more times in quick succession, slamming the gunhand up for two
text: more shots.
text: The Frenchman is spattered with blood. The ceiling gets a splat of blood and brains.
text: The man lingers on his feet long enough for us to look at his chewed-away face, then
dialog: drops.
text: A hard man nearby looks on in shock. He is Ike.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Joey...?
text: He rushes over to the body. Buster addresses the camera.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: T’m not a devious man by nature but
dialog: when you’re unarmed your tactics
dialog: might gotta be downright
dialog: Archimedean.
text: He looks around.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: .. Now what happened to the music?
text: The piano starts up again. Buster goes over to place a foot up on the piano stool and
text: join the bowlered, cigar-chomping piano player in a raucous song, “Surly Joe the
text: Gambler.” The whole saloonful of rakehells and bawds joins in on the chorus.
text: We intercut Ike kneeling beside the face-shot gambler, cradling his head and trying
text: to mop the ever- flowing blood from his face with a bandana. Ike pauses occasionally,
text: weeping, to wring blood from the bandana. It is sad visual counterpoint to the joyously
text: upbeat song. Finally Ike’s keening voice breaks up the music:
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Joe! Surly Joe! He’s gawn! We’ve a-lost’m!
text: He lurches tearfully over to Buster.
speaker_heading: IKE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... You kilt my brother, you
dialog: cowardly, sonofabitch! Gunned ‘im
dialog: down when he wasn’t hardly lookin’!
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: I can cut you a little slack, grievin’
dialog: as you are, but the fact is Buster Scruggs
dialog: don’t shoot nobody in the back and
dialog: that sorry sack a bones was more in
dialog: the nature of a suicide.
dialog: 10.
text: Ike is taken aback.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You’re Buster Scruggs?! The West
dialog: Texas Twit?
text: For the first time Buster loses his smile.
text: Everyone around tenses.
text: Buster clears his throat and, with an effort, recovers his smile.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Presume you meant to say “The West
dialog: Texas Tit”—on account of that
text: p’ticular bird’s mellifluous
text: warble.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Call yerself any damn name you
dialog: please! I wanna see you outside—
dialog: wearin’ iron!
scene_heading: EXT. SALOON - DAY
text: Buster is stepping down off the boardwalk into the street, addressing the camera.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
text: Things have a way of escalatin’ out
dialog: here in the West with one thing
dialog: leadin’ to another, but I think I
dialog: can make pretty short work of this
text: ramified ol’ sonofagun.
text: In the deep background, planted in the middle of the street, Ike bellows:
speaker_heading: IKE
text: Scruggs! Scru-u-u-u-u-uggs! I’m a-callin’
dialog: you out!
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Well hang in there, pardner, I just
dialog: need to buckle on this toolbelt
dialog: here.
text: He finishes doing so. Ike is poised, right hand hovering at his holster.
text: Buster smiles at him.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Are ya ready?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Ready!
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Are ya set?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Set!
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Ya need you a count?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Na’sir!
text: In less time than it takes to tell, Buster draws and fires. Oddly, Ike screams but does not
text: drop. He raises his right hand—gouting blood from where the index finger used to be.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Hard to trigger with them other
dialog: fingers, but...
text: He fans the hammer, shooting four more times.
text: Tke’s hand: his other three fingers are shot off in quick succession, followed by his
dialog: thumb.
text: On the dusty street, the digits plop to the ground.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: .. you cain’t be too careful.
text: Ike, screaming, looks at his stumpy hand spewing blood. He starts to reach awkwardly
text: with his left hand for his right-holstered gun.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh-oh. Looks like when they made
dialog: this fella they forgot to put in
dialog: the quit! Lemme see here, five
dialog: fingers at a bullet a piece, I
dialog: ain’t got but the one bullet left.
text: For some reason Buster turns to face the other way up the street, presenting his back to
text: screaming Ike.
dialog: 12.
text: Close on Buster we can see Ike small in the background, twisting his hips and reaching
text: across his body to clumsily start withdrawing his gun.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT’D)
dialog: Sure hope I don’t miss.
text: Buster takes a small mirror out of his pocket with his left hand. He holds it up to sight
text: in as he aims his gun upside-down and backwards over his right shoulder.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Lesee, his heart’d be on the
text: left side but the mirror puts it
dialog: right, cepting for we is facing the
dialog: same way and the gun is upside
dialog: down. So, um...
text: Ike has his gun out and raises it, screaming.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: . maybe it’s best not to play it
dialog: fancy.
speaker_heading: BAM!
text: Ike pitches backward into the street. There is a hole in the middle of his chest.
text: Buster Scruggs enters a low shot to gaze down at the body. He remembers the mirror he
text: still holds and, as he starts to pocket it:
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Cause for reflection—heh-heh.
dialog: Well, this whole entire episode
dialog: puts me in mind of a song.
text: He sucks in his breath but before it can issue out in song we hear someone else’s singing,
text: faint but sweet.
text: Surprised, Buster looks around for the source of the singing.
text: Riding up the road is a handsome young man accompanying himself on guitar as he
dialog: sings.
text: Buster walks over to meet the oncoming rider who finishes his song and puts up his
dialog: guitar.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: Buster Scruggs?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: The same. You got a mighty sweet
dialog: singin’ voice, pardner.
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: That’s high praise—from the San
text: Saba Songbird, Herald of Demise.
text: Buster smiles, flattered on a point of pride. The rider returns an innocent smile.
speaker_heading: THE KID (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Mr. Scruggs, I been huntin’ you
dialog: on account a they say you’re the
dialog: one to beat, a-singin’ and a-slingin’
dialog: guns.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A minute later. Buster sadly shakes his head as he paces into the foreground, pushing
text: bullets into his six-shooter.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
text: Another young fella with something
dialog: to prove.
text: Behind him in the background a couple of men are dragging Ike’s corpse away by the
text: ankles, and the young man is taking his place in the middle of the street.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: I gotta set m’self up in the
dialog: undertaking bidnis—stop doin’ all
dialog: the skillwork so’s another man can
dialog: profit.
text: He turns, having reloaded and holstered his gun. He murmurs to himself, staring at his
dialog: new antagonist:
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT’D)
dialog: .. But then, do I wanna wear a
text: black suit.
dialog: From off:
speaker_heading: THE KID
dialog: You need a count?
text: Buster chuckles.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: BUSTER
dialog: Na’sir—
speaker_heading: BLAM!
text: Buster blinks, puzzled.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Hold ona second.
text: He looks down.
text: His right hand is relaxed, empty, next to his still holstered gun.
text: He looks up the street.
text: The young man stands set in place, gunhand extended before him, other hand back as
text: counterbalance, smoke wafting from his gunbarrel.
text: Buster squints at him. He looks down at his own chest when:
text: A red droplet hits the snowy white of his tunic.
text: Buster tries to sort this out. He reaches for his hat.
text: He holds it up before himself to inspect it. The front of the crown shows a bullet hole.
text: He tips the hat, front brim upward, so as to look inside.
text: The inside back of the crown shows an exit hole. Sprayed around it is blood and a bit of
dialog: brain.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well now that ain’t good.
text: He looks up.
text: The young man is still planted. The gunsmoke has dissipated.
text: Buster takes out his handmirror. He examines himself in it.
text: There is a hole centered high in his forehead.
text: In the reflection, he drops away, quickly followed by hand and mirror.
text: From behind the young man’s hip: he twirls and holsters his gun. In the background we
text: see the soles of Buster Scruggs boots and his body stretched away.
text: High on Buster Scruggs, on his back in the street, sightlessly staring.
text: Oddly, his voice continues in the same present tone:
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: I guess I shoulda seen this
dialog: comin’...
text: The young man enters a low shot to gaze down at the body. He starts to sweetly sing.
text: Back to the high shot of Buster. While his corpse remains rooted to the street and
text: blood begins to pool out from under his head, his soul begins to separate, rising off his
text: body in the same white get-up but with wings sprouting out the back. His soul, semi-
dialog: transparent, continues the speech:
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Roam and ramble though you
dialog: might, eventually you’re gonna come
text: acrost some sonofagun who sings a
text: little sweeter and draws a little faster.
text: Buster’s soul starts to sing, harmonizing with the sweet-swinging cowboy. At the end of
text: the verse, the cowboy continues singing but Buster’s soul has more to say:
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... I don’t know as I believe in a
dialog: divinity shapin’ our ends and
dialog: numberin’ our days. But I do
dialog: believe I’m a-headed for a
dialog: hereafter...
text: The young cowboy goes over to his rail-hitched horse, still singing.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Why heck, ifthere warn’t a
dialog: place where men ain’t low-down and
dialog: poker’s played fair, then what’re
dialog: all the songs about?
text: The young man unhitches his horse and swings aboard.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... I b’lieve the music comes from
dialog: that higher place...
text: The young man swings his guitar up and heads out, riding with one leg up on the
text: pommel and his guitar resting on the leg, strumming as he sings.
text: We are rising higher, higher, with the ascending soul of Buster Scruggs.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: BUSTER (CONT’D)
dialog: ... An’ at’s where I’m off to, to
dialog: trade my gui-tar for a lyre and
dialog: sing those sweet songs where they
dialog: ain’t no clinkers to sour the spell
dialog: and cain’t no gunplay inter-trude.
dialog: Tl see all of you sonofaguns in
dialog: the bye and bye and we can sing
text: them sweet airs together, and shake
dialog: our heads over all that meanness in
dialog: the used-to-be.
text: He resumes his harmony part as the young cowboy recedes below, leaving town, a tiny
text: figure entering the vast desert, his distant voice echoing off the sandstone formations.
text: As the singing voices fade into the sound of a moaning wind we dissolve to:
text: The last lines of our tale in print on the page, which is then turned to the title page of
dialog: the next story:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “Pan-shot!” cried the old man.
dialog: 17.
dialog: Near Algodones
text: | nder the wind we hear now the steady clunk of a piece of wood knocking against a
text: heavy object.
text: Turning again to another full page illustration:
text: We are looking across a dusty expanse toward a low-slung adobe structure that stands
text: alone in an endless expanse of high desert.
text: In the mid-foreground a short, fat man in a dirty union suit, is running toward us,
text: prancing, almost airborne. He holds a double-barreled shotgun at the ready. Pots and
text: pans are draped over his body, twine threading the handle-holes. One large pot sits
text: helmetlike upside-down on his head.
text: We travel down to the caption below the illustration:
dialog: “Pan-shot!” cried the trapper.
dialog: Dissolve from the illustration to:
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY
text: We are panning the horizon. It is fat, windswept, vast, empty. The sky is a dismal gray.
text: It is the western edge of the Great Plains.
text: Our pan eventually finds and settles on a small adobe building, the only bump on the
text: measureless horizon.
text: A weathered wooden sign above its door identifies it as the FIRST FEDERAL BANK
text: & TRUST OF TUCUMCARI.
text: Swinging beneath it and clunking against the top of the door is a smaller handpainted
text: sign, apparently put up as afterthought: 4nd Notary.
text: Taking it in, eyes crinkling against the wind, is a man in an ankle-length duster,
text: holding the reins of a mount that stands behind him.
text: From somewhere, a creaking sound. The man’s eyes shift:
text: A well. The bucket suspended over it creaks back and forth. A sign handpainted on
text: jagged scrapwood is nailed to its canopy: BAD WATER.
text: The horse nervously nickers. The cowboy drops the reins and starts forward.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. BANK - DAY
text: The cowboy enters.
text: The one-room structure is empty except for a trapper with white hair and mustache
text: behind the teller’s bars, hands planted on the counter. He wears a black eyeshade and
text: black sleevegarters.
text: The cowboy walks to the counter, spurs jingling.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Awful big name for a little place like this.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: It’s a comfort to the depositors.
text: The cowboy looks around.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: .. What depositors?
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Oh, we got folks from over Val Verde, Chloride,
dialog: Tucumcari itself of course—why, the whole entire
dialog: three-county area. Hell, we even had a run on
dialog: the bank once’t, warnt purty. Had to hop up on
dialog: the counter here with m’scattergun, talk the folks
dialog: down. Well, that’s banking.
text: He chuckles, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: TELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Crazy business. Crazy business.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Ever been robbed?
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: OOHH yeah, sure enough have. TWO times.
dialog: Attempted, I should say. One fellow I shot dead—
dialog: BINGO!—the other I held for the marshal,
text: both his legs was shredded some, had to lock him
dialog: in the vault there, marshal don’t come through
dialog: but once’t a month and he’d just visited the previous
dialog: week, had to billet the scamp for what, three weeks,
text: applyin’ a poultice of wet leaves’n urine. He’s in
text: Yuma now, bustin’ rocks, still a little grumpy from
dialog: what they say. Fella by the name of Chevilly unless
dialog: I misremember, said his papa was from Fr—France—
dialog: Fr—from—fff...
dialog: 19.
text: His voice trails off and he stares in silence.
text: The cowboy is pointing a six-gun at him.
text: The prairie wind moans.
text: The teller’s jaw, relieved of its service to speech, hangs open.
text: The cowboy tosses a burlap sack over the bars.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
text: Money in the sack.
text: The teller gazes owlishly. Finally he sighs and his jaw resumes operation.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: ... Okay. Okay, ya got me, young
dialog: feller, ya got me fair’n square.
dialog: The large denominations...
text: He is stooping behind the counter. His voice continues, off:
speaker_heading: TELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: .. I gotta stoop fer...
text: A silence. The cowboy frowns.
text: The unmistakable clack of a shotgun-prime.
text: The cowboy’s eyes widen. He takes a nimbly evasive step down the counter as—
text: ROAR!—wood from the base of the counter splinters outward where he’d just been
dialog: standing.
text: ROAR!—another explosion further along.
text: The cowboy grabs the bars at one end of the counter and hoists himself. He stands
text: perched on the counter lip, hugging the bars. The shotgun continues to roar.
text: He scales the bars and drops to the counter’s far side.
text: The shotgun has fallen silent. Drifting gunsmoke.
text: Inside, no sound.
text: Outside, the moan of the prairie wind.
text: The cowboy looks down at the duckboards behind the counter:
text: Empty. The teller has fled—somewhere.
dialog: 20.
text: The cowboy drops to the back floor. His bootheels clomp and his spurs jingle as he
text: walks the cage’s length.
text: He stoops, starts stuffing bills into his sack.
scene_heading: EXT. BANK - DAY
speaker_heading: DOOR
text: Creaking open at the cut with a rusty-hinged whine.
text: The cowboy peeks out the bank’s front door, sack in one hand, gun in the other.
text: His point-of-view shows the great empty plain. His horse placidly crops the grass.
text: Wind moans. The bucket creaks over the well.
text: The cowboy hesitates, tenses, and—pushes off, heading for his horse.
text: BOOM!—a shotgun blast kicks up dirt at his feet and the cowboy drops his moneysack
text: and tucks and rolls to take cover behind the well housing.
text: His horse nickers nervously and trots a few paces further out onto the prairie. It
text: tentatively stops—a good thirty yards away, over exposed ground.
text: The cowboy hisses at it and waves a hand inward.
text: The horse looks at him speculatively. Its ears flick.
text: The cowboy looks toward the windblown adobe structure. No sign of life.
text: Very present, the creak of the bucket over the well.
text: The cowboy looks at the sack of money abandoned in no-man’s land. The wind stirs
text: the mouth of the sack. Bills flutter and rise like bees leaving a hive and then twist away
text: in the breeze.
text: The adobe structure, still.
text: The cowboy, tensed.
text: The bank’s front door bursts open and the old teller boils out, cackling maniacally,
text: waving his shotgun. There is now something strange about his get-up which seems to
text: be clanking as he runs.
text: The hunched cowboy fires at him over the well wall.
dialog: CLANG!
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: Pan shot!
text: The teller gallops on, cackling, anrd—BOOM!—fires his shotgun. It takes a divot out
dialog: of the wellwall.
text: The cowboy shoots again: CLANG!
speaker_heading: TELLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Pan shot!
text: The teller has pots and pans draped over his body, twine threading the handle-holes.
text: One large pot sits helmetlike upside-down on his head.
text: The cowboy rises, firing—CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!
text: BOOM! A shotgun blast smacks the cowboy’s shoulder and twists him, sending his gun
text: flying into the dust.
text: He looks from his lost gun up toward the teller just as that cackling figure arrives
text: a-clank, swinging his shotgun-butt up and at us to send us THUD into
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: LONG HOLD ON BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. HANGING TREE - DAY
speaker_heading: SLOW FADEIN
text: A black figure. Soft-focused and gently rocking.
text: An echoing voice:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Do you have anything to say...
text: Very close on the cowboy: his eyes squint open. He too is gently rocking, as ifon a
text: becalmed boat.
text: The voice repeats, with a little less echo:
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you have anything to say?
text: The cowboy licks parched lips. A raspy:
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: ... What?
dialog: 22.
text: He works his eyes.
text: The black figure comes slowly into focus. It is a man in black clothes and cowboy hat.
text: He is in treeshade but the open prairie behind him bakes in blinding noonday sun.
text: His gentle irregular movement comes from the shifting of the horse he sits astride.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Do you have anything to say? Before
text: sentence is carried out.
text: Wider on the cowboy: there is a noose round his neck. Its rope stretches up to a
text: treelimb overhead. The cowboy’s shoulders are back, his hands tied behind. His gentle
text: bobbing matches the other man’s—he, too, sitting ahorse.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: What’s... m’sentence?
text: Guffaws. There are other men, four of them, also mounted.
text: The man in black looks reprovingly at his companions, then back at the cowboy.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Son, we held you some proceedin’s
dialog: here for attempted bank robbery.
dialog: You was off yer nut feverish for
dialog: most of the goin’s-on but it was a
dialog: fair trial like we do here in New
dialog: Mexico. These peers convicted ya, I
dialog: pronounced a sentence of death, and
dialog: we found us this tree. Now’s your
dialog: opp’ tunity to speak your piece
text: before sentence is carried out.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Well...
text: He licks his lips.
speaker_heading: COWBOY (CONT'D)
dialog: ... That pan-covered sonofabitch
dialog: back at the bank don’t hardly fight
dialog: fair, in my opinion.
text: The man in black nods respectfully.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK
dialog: Okay. That it?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Well... I reckon it is.
dialog: Silence.
text: Creaking rope.
text: One member of the posse has a thought:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Can I have yer horse?
text: The cowboy considers. Another posse member pipes up:
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: No, me.
text: The ad hoc judge looks from his posse to the cowboy.
speaker_heading: MAN IN BLACK
dialog: You wanna give one of these boys
dialog: yer horse? It’ll save scrappin’
dialog: over it after you’ve passed.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: I don’t want any of ‘em to have it.
text: The first man growls:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Selfish bastard.
text: THIP! An arrow pierces this man’s neck. He gurgles and reaches up, eyes wide.
text: A Comanche war party whoops in on horseback as the man tries to pull the arrow from
text: his neck. He manages only to break the shaft.
text: The other men are drawing guns. Their horses rear, wild-eyed.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Whoa... easy...
text: The noosed cowboy tries to calm the horse stirring beneath him as the battle boils
dialog: around.
text: The judge has two six-guns out and is firing to either side. A posse member nearby is
text: maced off his horse by one galloping brave and then lanced by another. He rises with
text: the lance sticking out of him, its feathers aflutter, and fires at the braves flashing by
text: until an Indian tomahawks him down from behind.
dialog: 24.
text: The cowboy’s horse bucks and stamps. The cowboy anxiously squeezes the flanks of
text: the panicked horse with his knees and, awkwardly leaned back to ease pressure on his
text: throat, rolls his eyeballs left and right to goggle at the battle raging round.
text: A posse member kicks down at an Indian afoot who is trying to pull him from his
text: mount. He fires down at the Indian as another brave sawhorse-vaults up onto the rump
text: of his horse and slits his throat from behind.
text: The judge is finally St.-Sebastianed full of arrows and tumbles off his horse, his fall
text: snapping arrowshafts. Unmounted now, the horse takes off, taking the stirrup-tangled
text: body of the judge on a prairie sleigh ride, and grazing the strung-up cowboy’s horse as
text: it gallops past.
speaker_heading: COWBOY (GONT’D)
dialog: Whoa... easy there...
text: Through the dust and the gun smoke another posse member, barely alive is grabbed
text: from behind by a brave as he takes out his knife to scalp him.
text: The cowboy’s horse is stamping.
speaker_heading: COWBOY (CONT’D)
dialog: Easy...
text: From the noosed cowboy’s perspective the doings are obscure as the scalping Indian
text: finishes his work.
text: Another Indian who by his warbonnet and bearing seems to be chief turns his attention
text: from the battle, now won. He eases his horse over to face the cowboy.
text: The chief looks impassively at the cowboy, down at his skittish horse, up at the rope
text: that stretches to the treelimb, sizing things up. The cowboy looks at the chief. The
text: chief looks at the cowboy.
text: The chief suddenly makes a booga-booga noise, eyes saucer-wide, spreading his arms
text: to shake his feathered lance with one hand and a medicine-rattle with the other. The
text: cowboy’s horse stamps and shifts. The rope pulls taut.
speaker_heading: COWBOY (GONT’D)
dialog: Whoa...
text: The chief screeches with laughter and saws his horse around and gallops off. The war
text: party, finished with the posse, is mounting up as well.
text: Whooping and hollering, the Indians recede.
dialog: 25.
text: Wide. Bodies about. One man still moaning. The noosed cowboy under the tree leaning
text: back in his saddle to give the rope what play there is to be had. Dissolve:
scene_heading: EXT. HANGING TREE - LATER
text: The noosed cowboy is leaning even further back.
text: With a motion of his horse the cowboy’s throat gets cinched tighter. He rolls his eyes to
text: look down at the animal.
text: Cropping the grass placidly enough, it has eaten everything at its feet and has taken a
text: step forward. It continues to nibble.
text: The wounded man is still moaning. The cowboy’s eyes roll toward him.
dialog: Dissolve:
scene_heading: EXT. HANGING TREE - LATER
text: Longer sun. The wounded man is now silent. Much insect-buzz around him.
text: The cowpoke is now stretched to the extremity.
text: The horse pulls up a bit of grass and raises its muzzle, chewing. It swallows. It takes a
text: short step forward.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Nnongh...
text: The cowboy’s body, head now canted steeply back, can move no further. Munching
text: from the horse.
text: Now, a new sound. The cowboy’s eyes roll.
text: Entering his point-of-view: a steer. Trailed by another. More and more hoofbeats.
text: Many steers. A whipcrack and a “Haw!”
speaker_heading: COWBOY (CONT'D)
dialog: Nnnnngh!
text: The lone drover enters his point-of-view.
speaker_heading: COWBOY (CONT'D)
dialog: (more urgently)
dialog: Nnnnngh!
text: The drover slows and then heaves to, taking in the tableau of gore.
dialog: 26.
text: After a staring beat he spurs his horse toward the scene.
text: He dismounts. He wanders among the bodies with smashed heads, slashed throats, pin-
text: cushioned torsos. After a long staring beat looks up at the cowboy.
speaker_heading: DROVER
dialog: Comanch?
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Nnngh.
text: The drover nods understanding. He takes his six-gun out and sights on the rope. He
text: fires. And misses.
text: At the report the cropping horse whips its head up and stamps forward. The cowboy is
text: unsaddled and starts to slide down the horse’s rump. The horse snorts and advances.
text: The cowboy’s ass slips off the horse’s rump and he swings.
speaker_heading: DROVER
dialog: Aw, damme.
text: He sights again on the swinging rope and fires.
text: A miss. The cowboy continues to swing. The drover calls out:
speaker_heading: DROVER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Hold still!
text: He fires again. Again a miss.
text: Three shots in quick succession. The last one tells: the rope is half-severed. Frayed
text: twinage ravels down and the cowboy drops.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGE - LATER
text: The two men ride side-by-side, driving the cattle.
speaker_heading: DROVER
dialog: And the other cowboy says, Well I’m
dialog: over’ta Bar Q Triangle Wavy Lines
dialog: Two-Dot Backwards W Pawprint Triple
text: Z Ranch. An’ the first ol’ boy
dialog: says, Sounds like a big spread—lotta head
dialog: a cattle? and that second boy says Nope.
dialog: Not too many survive the brandin’.—
dialog: Haw haw haw!
dialog: 27.
text: Our cowboy smiles and nods to acknowledge that it is a hell of a funny story. The
text: drover chatters on:
speaker_heading: DROVER (GONT’D)
dialog: ... I sure do appreciate you
dialog: helpin’ with these beeves. Them two
dialog: compajieros I hired Vhelp walk ‘em
dialog: vAbilene started grousin’ ‘bout
dialog: the wages once the weather turned
dialog: hot’n finally they left out is how
dialog: I come t’be here by my lonesome.
dialog: That’s what ya call a foul-weather
dialog: friend I tell ya. Them boys didn’t
dialog: understand first thing about
dialog: sidekickin’. Maybe you could
dialog: sidekick up with me on a permanent
dialog: basis, this drive works out. Ya
dialog: seem trust-worthy enough is why I
dialog: make the proposition. Why a
dialog: sidekick should be a reliable man,
dialog: that’s the whole nature of the
dialog: sidekick. Like you watch my back’n I watch
dialog: yourn, you got to rely. Fr’instance
dialog: I was walkin’ a fence one day at
dialog: the Purvis Tinkney spread when I
dialog: come across’t a... ae.
text: His voice trails off as his gaze fixes on:
text: A plume of dust ahead.
text: The drover works his mouth.
speaker_heading: DROVER (CONT’D)
dialog: .. Damme.
text: Discernible now, a group of men on horseback, galloping toward us.
text: The drover abruptly reins his horse around and spurs it to a pounding gallop in the
text: opposite direction.
text: Our cowboy looks at the drover as he rapidly recedes, side-to-side quirting his mount.
text: The cowboy looks around at the approaching horsemen.
text: As he sits puzzled, looking from one direction to the other, the thunder of the
text: approaching horsemen builds.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET/SALOON - DAY
speaker_heading: THE COWBOY
text: He is shoved forward, hands tied behind his back. A dusty town street.
text: Before him, a boardwalk fronting a saloon. Upon it, looking down at him, a man with
text: a great drooping mustache. He sits behind a makeshift table of planking supported
text: by two upright barrels. He wears buckskin pants and a side-buttoned tunic from an
text: old Confederate uniform. His felt hat is aged and stained. His mustache bear traces of
dialog: meals eaten long ago.
text: The man who shoved the cowboy, a bailiff of sorts, now knocks the hat off his head.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
text: No hats inna presence of Judge Hobby.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: What'd this sonofabitch do?
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Sir, I—
text: The bailiff smacks the cowboy.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Hold yer tongue.
dialog: (to the judge)
dialog: Sumbitch’s a stock rustler.
text: The judge holds up a reproving finger.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Alleged.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Yes Yer Honor.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Sir, I didn’t—
text: The bailiff smacks the cowboy.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Hold yer tongue.
dialog: (to the judge)
text: He was caught drivin’ rustled
text: beeves.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Good enough. Hang ‘im.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Sir, I never—
text: The bailiff smacks the cowboy.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Hesh. Quiet there.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: T don’t wanna hear a lot a damn
dialog: excuses.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: No, sir—
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Ora lot a damn “Punishment fit the
dialog: crime.” I’m runnin’ a one-size-fits-all
dialog: kind of jurisprudence here I
dialog: ain’t got time to tailor.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: No sir, but—
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Okay, next. Holy God! I’ve wasted
dialog: enough time with this sonofabitch.
dialog: Ya think yer the only one?!
scene_heading: EXT. GALLOWS - DAY
text: The cowboy stands on a four-banger gallows with three other men. All have their
text: hands tied behind and wear nooses.
text: The cowboy is gazing out at the crowd. Prompted by a noise, he looks at the
text: condemned man next to him.
text: The grizzled man is whimpering, terrified. Beyond him, at the far end of the line of
text: condemned, the hangman slips a black hood over the furthest man and then proceeds
dialog: to the next.
text: The cowboy, himself calm, gives the man next to him a smile somewhat patronizing.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: First time?
dialog: 30.
text: The man glances at him, too scared to be puzzled. The hangman arrives at the man and
text: starts to hood him.
text: The cowboy gives a wry cock of the head. He looks back out at the crowd.
text: His point-of-view: a sea of faces. One in particular: a bonneted, beautiful young
text: woman, the face of a saint. She looks at the men about to be hanged with an expression
text: of bottomless sadness.
dialog: To himself:
speaker_heading: COWBOY (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s a pretty girl.
text: Back to his point-of-view of the woman. It is wiped away when his hood is swept down
text: to bring on black. The hood amplifies the cowboy’s breathing and muffles the sounds
text: of the crowd and the whimpering of the next man over. The sounds continue briefly in
text: black until we hear the CLACK of the trapdoor and a very present SNAP: it stops the
text: breathing. We hear the roar of the crowd.
text: Dissolve to: the last lines of the story: “... and then the sound of the roaring crowd,
dialog: fading fast.”
text: The page turns as we hear the crowd’s roar fade into a howling wind and the paper is
text: turned to a title page:
dialog: 
dialog: “The quality of mercy is not strained, it droppeth
dialog: as the gentle rain from heaven.”
dialog: 
dialog: 31.
dialog: Meal Ticket
text: And then to a new illustration:
text: 7 ¢ are close on the face of a man orating. His face is painted with stage make-
text: up, his hair coiffed in a roman style. He is under-lit by the warm glow of stage
text: lights and his eyes are cast heavenward.
dialog: 
text: We travel down to a caption at the bottom of the page:
text: “The quality of mercy is not strained, it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven.”
text: A swell of music under the howling wind and we dissolve to:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH COUNTRY - DAY
text: A horse-drawn cart rattles along in a very wide shot. A laden pack mule trails it on a
text: lead. We are in the mountains going over a windswept pass.
text: On the man driving the cart: an Irishman of later middle age in a moth-eaten fur coat.
text: His eyes water as he squints into the wind.
text: The cart: a boxy thing whose plank sides bear carny-style illustrations and florid
text: lettering weathered well down. The lettering identifies the cart as THALIA’S
text: SEDAN. The illustrations are of great scenes from the history of drama—actors
text: declaiming in Elizabethan garb, in Greek masks, in costumes of the Orient and the
text: Nile and Cadiz, crossing swords, addressing busts, kissing damsels.
text: Another landscape: the horse and cart and trailing mule clatter through a shallow
dialog: stream.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET - DAY
text: The cart clatters along a mining-town street.
speaker_heading: A HANDBILL
text: Being tacked to a wall.
dialog: The Artistry of
dialog: Edwin Horatio Harrison
dialog: Tragedian, Comedian
dialog: “The Wingless Thrush”
dialog: 32.
dialog: Performing
dialog: “The Quality of Mercy”
dialog: Great Monologues & Dramatic Verse
dialog: Sources Various
dialog: 8:30 This Night
dialog: at
text: Hand-scribbled after the last printed word: Behind McCormack’s Feedlot.
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND MCCORMACK’S FEEDLOT - NIGHT
text: A boom arm is swung out from its nest in the lower chassis of the horsecart. The cart
text: wall is unpinned at its two top corners and lowered like a table-leaf to rest upon the
text: projecting boom arm.
text: More inserts on the Irishman continuing his preparations:
text: Five pieces of tin cowling are placed at the forward edge of the lowered leaf.
text: A candle is put into each piece of cowling.
text: A sashcord is pulled to unfurl a painted drop at the back of the projecting leaf: The
text: drop shows a vaguely medieval castle, stone steps, battlements, sky.
text: Straw is scattered upon the makeshift stage.
text: A roughhewn sawhorse-stand is scissored open and planted on the stage. Something
text: bound in burlap is wedged into it.
text: Sashcord is pulled to lower a curtain before the stage, just upstage of the candle
dialog: housings.
text: The candles are lit.
text: Now people are gathering. They seat themselves on the ground around the cart-stage,
text: murmuring in anticipation.
text: The Irishman surveys the crowd. He pulls out a pocketwatch and flips its cover.
text: He considers. He repockets the watch.
text: He grabs a piece of cord and starts to pull.
text: The curtain: it starts to center-part, the two halves gathered by cinchcord.
text: The crowd gasps.
dialog: 33.
text: The Irishman’s hand quickly wraps the curtain cord around a belaying wingbolt.
text: The crowd, stunned.
text: The Irishman, impassive.
dialog: Silence.
text: Finally, from the stage, a voice:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: When to the sessions of sweet
dialog: silent thought...
text: The voice is full, fluting, euphonious in the manner of an air-sawing Shakespearean
dialog: actor of old.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: ... I summon remembrances of things
dialog: past...
text: We cut to the owner of the voice. He does not in fact saw the air, for he has no
text: hands—no arms—no legs. Edwin Horatio Harrison is but head and torso. His body is
text: wrapped in a burlap tunic of sorts that is pinned at the shoulders and below the waist.
text: He is wedged into the scissor-stand to face the crowd. He gazes into the distance as he
dialog: continues to declaim:
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: .. I sigh the lack of many a thing
dialog: I sought, And with old woes new
dialog: wail my dear time’s waste...
text: The crowd stares, wide-eyed.
text: A montage of the show. We see parts of various speeches—“Is this a dagger I see
text: before me,” “Four-score and seven years ago,” “I met a traveler in an antique land...”
text: Intercut is the listening crowd, rough men and rougher women, weathered faces lifted
text: toward the stage, awed by the beauty of the poetry.
text: The closing monologue is “Our revels now are ended.” During it the Irishman passes
text: through the crowd with a hat, accepting money with murmured “T’anks very much,”
dialog: “God bless you,” etc.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE - NIGHT
dialog: Later.
text: The firelight falls off to flicker dimly on the parked wagon and the hobbled horse
text: placidly cropping grass. Nearer the fire, on either side of it, the Irishman and Harrison
dialog: 34.
text: eat supper. The seated Irishman uses a knife to stab pieces of meat from his plate.
text: Harrison lies on his side, head craning to mouth food off his plate like a dog.
text: A long beat of eating. Sounds of chewing and lipsmacks.
text: Harrison’s plate is now empty. He gazes across the fire at the Irishman who continues
dialog: to eat.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: .. More meat.
text: The Irishman stares at Harrison.
text: At length he rises grudgingly to his feet. He crosses to Harrison and scrapes a few
text: pieces of meat from his plate onto the torso’s.
text: He returns and sits.
text: The men, eating.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Wide on the Irishman leading the cart-pulling horse by the reins, through a snowed-
text: over road.
text: Inside the cart: Harrison rides just behind the front bench, wedged in by a duffle of
dialog: necessaries.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER TOWN - DAY
speaker_heading: THE HANDBILL
text: Tacked up in another town. The location scribbled at the bottom: Johansson’s Lower
dialog: Pasture.
text: At the wagon: close on the artist as the Irishman’s hand enters to apply the finishing
text: touches on his make-up. The hand withdraws, re-enters with a mirror. The artist
text: appraises.
scene_heading: EXT. JOHANSSON’S LOWER PASTURE - NIGHT
text: The Irishman is tensed behind the cart, holding a large sheet of tin bowed against the
text: ground. From the stage on the other side of the cart we hear Harrison’s voice:
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
dialog: And it came to pass, when they were
dialog: in the field, that Cain rose UP against
dialog: Abel his brother and slew him...
text: This is the Irishman’s cue. He makes shudder the tin which emits the sound of rolling
dialog: thunder.
speaker_heading: HARRISON (CONT’D)
dialog: ... And the Lord said unto Cain,
dialog: Where is Abel thy brother...
text: We cut to the stage as Harrison continues his recitation through the dramatically
text: building thunder.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: We hear “Our revels now are ended” as the Irishman winds through the audience.
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: Bless you, sir... T’ank you...
text: Later: the Irishman is chinking coins back into his hat, tallying the take. His look is
dialog: grim.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN STREAM - DAY
text: High on the wagon splashing through a stream running down a mountain gorge.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE #2 - NIGHT
text: Snow falls.
text: The Irishman holds a spoonful of soup to Harrison’s lips. Harrison blows across it,
text: slurps it in.
text: The Irishman dips the spoon, raises it again.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILSIDE - DAY
text: The stopped cart and waiting horse are soft in the background.
text: In the foreground the Irishman stands straining as he holds Harrison out in front of
text: him at the height of his own chest, the two men facing the same way. They are cropped
text: midbody but we can tell from the loose hang of Harrison’s burlap tunic that it is
text: uncinched at the bottom.
dialog: 36.
text: The Irishman looks off, grimacing under the weight he supports. Harrison looks
text: steeply down. We hear water spattering against ground.
scene_heading: EXT. PERFORMANCE - NIGHT
text: Another night, another town: the artist performs the familiar poems and monologues.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE #3 - NIGHT
text: We are on Harrison watching apprehensively as we hear the Irishman sing, loudly.
text: We cut to the Irishman across the fire. He clutches a bottle in one hand. The words of
text: his old Irish song are slurred. His head bobs and dips. For the first time that we have
text: seen he is smiling. The smile is ghastly.
text: He finishes the song and punctuates by hurling the bottle into the fire, where it
text: shatters.
text: He rises tipsily to his feet.
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: We’re goin’ into town.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTING-HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Irishman, led by a boozily laughing bawd, climbs a staircase that ascends from
text: the main floor to a door-lined mezzanine gallery. The Irishman laughs as he staggers
text: upward, impaired by liquor and burdened by Harrison whom he carries in a basket
text: toted Santa-style on his back.
text: Harrison scowls.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTING-HOUSE BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A corner of the room: Harrison is deposited on the floor. We are in a small private
text: room—chair, bed, wood stand with basin.
text: Wider: the Irishman and the bawd laugh on. The bawd plops onto the bed and starts
text: peeling down her garters. The swaying Irishman takes off his coat and starts to shrug
text: his suspenders but stops short, eyeing Harrison.
text: He goes to Harrison and spins his basket so that he faces the wall.
text: We hold on Harrison, scowling, as laughter and sounds of clothes-shedding resume.
dialog: 37-
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: INT. SPORTING-HOUSE BEDROOM - LATER
speaker_heading: HARRISON
text: He is being swung around again to face out into the room.
text: The bawd sits on the bed, pulling clothes back on. She stands and reaches behind her
text: back to button something and smiles down at Harrison. Addressing the Irishman:
speaker_heading: BAWD
dialog: Wanna buy your friend some lovin’?
text: The Irishman, lacing his shoes, looks up. The question seems to put him in ill humor.
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: I don’t vink so.
speaker_heading: BAWD
dialog: He ever had any?
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: .. Once.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF TOWN
speaker_heading: WINDY NIGHT
text: Harrison performs as a raw night wind eddies the stage straw and pelts the canvas
text: backing with grit.
speaker_heading: HARRISON
text: When, in disgrace with Fortune and
dialog: men’s eyes, I all alone beweep my
dialog: outcast state...
text: The Irishman, arms folded, leans against a corner of the cart, grimly surveying:
text: The audience. A sparse six or eight people, hugging coats, clamping hats in place
text: against the wind.
speaker_heading: HARRISON (CONT’D)
dialog: ... And trouble deaf heaven with my
dialog: bootless cries, And look upon
dialog: myself and curse my fate...
text: The Irishman leans forward and spits.
dialog: 38.
text: Later: quiet now.
text: The audience, such as it was, has dispersed. The Irishman is pinning up the stage leaf.
text: His attention is caught by town noises brought in on the wind. He turns and looks.
text: The town’s one street stretches away from our vantage point just outside of town. Midway
text: down the street there is a saloon door out of which piano music weakly tinkles. Further
text: along a crowd of people is facing away from us, toward some kind of outdoor stage.
text: The crowd’s approving roar, which first attracted the Irishman’s notice, sounds again.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET - NIGHT
speaker_heading: THE CROWD
text: We have jumped around so that the crowd now faces us, pressing in, all eyes fixed on
text: the stage, off. The faces are warmly lit by footlight spill.
text: Approaching from the dark background is the Irishman, craning to see over the
text: spectators’ heads.
text: Another roar from the crowd.
text: An audience member’s shout:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Eighteen take away five!
text: A rough voice echoes:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Eighteen take away five.
text: A long beat of suspense. All eyes are trained forward except for the Irishman’s who,
text: having joined the crowd, looks around, taking in the audience and its delight.
text: A plinking sound. The audience again bursts into cheers.
text: Reverse: another makeshift stage of built offa cart. Painted canvases serve as stage
text: backing and festoon. They identify the act as GALLUS MATHEMATICUS. Under
text: the slogans “Genius of the Barnyard” and “The Pecking Pythagorean” there is a
text: depiction of a pince-nezed chicken in academic robes and a mortarboard and tassel. A
text: chalkboard behind the pictured fowl is densely covered with equations and runes.
text: Upon the stage is a moth-eaten old rooster. It has just pecked a tin disc upon which is
text: painted the number 13—part of an array of numbered discs tacked to a plank frame.
text: The rooster struts jerkily back to the center of the stage and emits a D/ick-squawk.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE WOMAN
dialog: The sum of six and four!
text: A man at the side of the stage, musclebound, baldheaded, with a large waxed mustache,
dialog: echoes:
speaker_heading: IMPRESARIO
dialog: The sum of six and four.
text: The rooster stares out at the audience, head jerking this way and that, seeming to fix
text: different audience members with a look of perplexity or surprise.
text: At length it turns and herky-jerks back to the number array, head bobbing. It pauses. It
text: snaps its beak against the ten.
text: Loud cheers.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET - LATER
text: The audience is gone, the cart closed up.
text: The Irishman is counting money into the hand of the impresario. The rooster, ina
text: small wooden cage, emits an occasional squawk.
speaker_heading: IRISHMAN
dialog: . He eat much?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE #4 - DAWN
text: A crackling breakfast-fire over which a coffeepot is suspended.
text: Aknife slits an opening in a bag of bird seed. The bag is then tipped over a small
text: bucket. Seed hisses into the bucket.
text: The bucket is placed before the rooster who is staked by means of an ankle-cuff and
dialog: line.
text: The Irishman plops down now before the fire, holding a tin coffee cup. He sips and
text: then wraps both hands on the cup and stares into the fire.
text: Harrison is also facing the fire, a hardly-touched plate of grits to one side. He is staring at:
text: The rooster, tapping at the seed in the bucket, then tapping at the seed spilled on the
text: ground around it. It paces jerkily to the short limit of its line, occasionally pecking at
text: the ground. It pauses, looks up, seeming to return Harrison’s look.
text: The Irishman is as before, gazing thoughtfully at the fire.
dialog: 40.
text: Harrison, looking at the rooster.
text: The rooster looking back, then resuming pecking.
text: The Irishman gazing at the fire. After a long beat he tosses the dregs of his coffee and rises.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL RIVER OVERLOOK - FULL DAY
text: A picturesque high shot looking down at an overlook on a small river. Its fast-moving
text: water boils and gurgles.
text: We hear the approaching rattle and clank of the Irishman’s wagon. It finishes a tableau
text: when it pulls into frame and stops on the rise. The Irishman pulls its brake and climbs
dialog: down.
text: On the Irishman walking the bank. He is knotting a length of rope around a stone. He
text: stops, looking down into the river. He tosses the stone and rope.
text: His point-of-view: The stone and mess of trailing rope hit the water together, the stone
text: immediately sinking. The rope floats on the surface in a pattern that is peeled away as
text: the sinking stone pulls the rope down-until none remains.
text: On the Irishman, looking.
text: He starts back to the wagon.
text: On Harrison in the cart, looking out the back.
text: In his viewpoint vignetted by the cart’s tailgate and sidewall, the Irishman appears,
text: approaches.
text: He reaches into the wagon, hoists Harrison, heads back toward the river.
text: The rooster, in its cage in the back of the wagon, looks this way and that, blick-
text: squawking, head aimlessly bobbing.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDSCAPE - DAY
text: Later. The cart rattles along, small. Very faintly, the squawk of the rooster.
dialog: 
text: And in all that mighty sweep of earth he saw no sign of man
dialog: nor the handiwork of man.
dialog: 
dialog: 41.
dialog: Fade in on a new title page:
dialog: All Gold Canyon
text: {7-\ nd the page turns to a new illustration:
dialog: es
dialog: 
text: We are at the very top of a Monterey Pine looking out past the back of a man who has
text: scaled the tree and hugs close to the trunk.
text: Though we are behind the man we can see from the crook of his arm that he has raised
text: his hand to shield his eyes from the sun.
text: The vista beyond is of mountain ranges that seem to stretch on forever, falling away
text: one behind the other, fading into the hazy light.
text: We move down to the caption below the picture:
text: And in all that mighty sweep of earth he saw no sign of man nor the handiwork of man.
dialog: Dissolve to:
scene_heading: EXT. A CANYON - MIDDAY
text: A stream burbles down the middle of the canyon, descending from a pool.
text: A meadow covered in grass and wildflowers rises from one side of the pool, ascending
text: to a scree of rocks that ends at the canyon wall.
text: We cut to a bee humming over and dipping toward the bell of one of the flowers in the
dialog: meadow.
text: A ball of gnats boils into and out of the shade of a shrub.
text: A hummingbird arrives at a flower and hovers.
text: In the pond stands a deer, a many-antlered buck. He dips his head, drinks.
text: Silver minnows waggle in the water in formation, feeding on algae, little disturbed by
text: the deer drinking nearby.
text: At the spout of the pond, where it feeds the stream, water gurgles out, lightly splashing
text: over the rocks that form the bottleneck, the spray glinting in the sun.
text: An owl perched at the top of a tall pine surveys the canyon below. Suddenly the lightest
text: breeze springs up, giving the tree a bit of life. The owl cocks its head. With the breeze
text: we hear the distant sound of a singing voice.
dialog: 42.
text: The deer lifts its head from the pool and looks down-canyon.
text: The stream disappears below a curtain of vegetation—brush and shrub and pine
text: trees—that closes off the view. Beyond that middleground curtain is a further one
text: composed of rising rockface. We are in a contained space, hidden from the rest of the
text: world, a box canyon.
text: We hear the singing voice a little more clearly: we can now make out words over the
dialog: breeze in the trees:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sure I love the dear silver
dialog: That shines in your hair,
text: And the brow that’s all furrowd
dialog: And wrinkled with care...
text: The deer stares, water dripping from its muzzle, then bolts.
text: The silver minnows dart away.
text: The owl takes clumsy flight.
text: They can hear clip-clopping horses’ feet now, down-canyon, under the continuing
dialog: singing:
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: ... I kiss the dear fingers
dialog: So toil-worn for me,
dialog: Oh, god bless you and keep you...
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON - DAY
text: The curtain of vegetation is messily parted by a man leading a donkey. Both man and
text: beast are stiffly brushed by the scrub as they push through, the pack and paraphernalia
text: on the donkey clacking and jangling as they come through.
text: There are clanking pots, pans, pick, shovel, miner’s pan, all disarranged by their noisy
text: entrance into the canyon.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ... My mother Machree.
text: The man—a vigorous geezer—has stopped, the donkey stopped also, silence now
text: prevailing, for all of the animal noise native to the canyon has also disappeared. The
text: man is staring intently up-canyon, taken by something.
text: His point-of-view: the pond feeding the stream, which we pan down to the foreground.
dialog: 43.
text: A tilt of the geezer’s head. Still looking:
text: The side-hill, rising from the pond.
text: The man turns his head side to side:
text: The canyon walls, funneling to the side hill and the pond in turn.
text: The man, still staring, ruminatively gathers saliva and, still looking out, spits.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Huh!
text: The donkey brays softly. In response:
text: He starts back toward the donkey but takes only two steps before abruptly stopping and
text: looking back over his shoulder, just confirming, with a still beat, that the canyon hasn’t
text: changed and isn’t about to.
text: Thus reassured he goes to the donkey and unhooks a shovel and a shallow pan.
text: He climbs to the pond, eyeing the stream as he passes it.
text: He dips his head to the pondwater and drinks.
text: He raises his head and, as he absently wipes his chin with his sleeve, looks down-canyon
text: at the stream.
text: A staring beat and then with a grunt he rises and swipes his shovel and pan from the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll see... we'll see...
text: He goes to the most upstream point of where the sidehill touches the stream.
text: He digs a small shovelful of soil from the bank and dumps it in the pan and then squats
text: at the side of the stream. Balanced over his heels he dips the pan into the stream and
text: raises it out and swishes it.
text: He keeps dipping the pan and swishing it and lighter soil rises to the top and is sloshed
text: away by the deft circular movement. He pauses the washing to rake out larger pieces of
text: gravel with his fingers, then dips and swishes again to spill away more soil.
text: A last swish and outflinging of water discloses only the finest and heaviest black sand
text: lining the pan-bottom like paint.
text: He looks at the pan. He raises it closer, squints.
dialog: 44.
text: In the middle of the black gunk, the tiniest golden speck.
text: No reaction from the man: stillness.
text: He dips the pan twice more and swishes.
dialog: He looks:
text: Now, two gold specks.
text: After a still beat he nods, then dips the pan up-and-downways into the stream and
text: shakes it back and forth, cleaning it.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Two.
text: He snaps two pieces off some straw and plants the two stalks next to the hole bitten out
text: of the ground by the shovel.
text: He takes two steps downstream and digs another small spadeful of dirt into the pan and
text: squats and starts washing the contents.
text: More washing, raking out, washing, examining. Finally:
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Four.
text: He washes the pan back-and-forth and then rises and snaps off four pieces of straw and
text: plants them next to the new hole.
text: He goes two steps further downstream and the shovel bites into earth.
speaker_heading: AN HOUR LATER
text: There is a line of shovel-holes along the stream bank. Straws are planted by each
text: hole, sparsest upstream, swelling to a thicket of them seven or eight holes down, then
text: diminishing again towards the hole before which the man now squats, panning.
text: His shirt is off. He has a farmer’s tan: very red neck ending in a hard line of very pale
text: torso, ending in red hands.
text: He is finishing washing, and now examines the pan-bottom: one golden speck.
text: He washes the pan, plants one stalk of straw, goes downstream and digs and pans.
dialog: Now, nothing.
text: He clamps his hands on his knees and rises. He looks up the hill.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All right Mr. Pocket—I’m a comin.
dialog: You just set there, I’m a comin.
text: He goes to the middle of the line of holes—the hole with the most straw-stalks next to
text: it. As he does so:
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Where are ye, Mr. Pocket—right,
dialog: left, er straight up the middle?
text: No answer from the hill.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Well, we'll see.
text: His shovel bites into the earth a couple paces uphill of the richest streamside site.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: ... We'll see.
speaker_heading: DUSK
text: The holes in the hill form a bendy triangle—the longest row of them lining the stream,
text: the successively uphill rows growing shorter, and pulling to the right. The triangle is as
text: yet incomplete, topless: the trapper has not quite reached the pinnacle, the focus of the
dialog: gold.
text: The trapper is rising out of a hole—which is waist-deep, the holes being deeper as they
dialog: climb the hill.
text: At the river he washes the pan. The end result: the pan-bottom is glittering with gold
text: specks among the black, too many to count.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Heh! Almost enough to keep!
text: He plunges the pan into the stream and waggles it, washing the gold away.
text: He rises, stiff now.
text: He looks up at the canyon rim. There is radiance dying at the point beyond which the
text: sun has disappeared. Evening breeze is stirring the trees at the rim.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All right! I’m gonna getcha. Not
dialog: today, but I’m gonna getcha. You
dialog: can’t run away Mr. Pocket!
dialog: 46.
text: As he goes down to his pack horse:
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: . Pll catch up with you tomorra.
dialog: T’m old, but yer older!
text: He starts unpacking the horse.
speaker_heading: DUSK
text: The trapper has built a campfire. He sits before it eating, humming as he chews.
text: His chewing freezes for a beat as he stares into the fire, focused. Then he resumes
text: chewing again, chuckling.
speaker_heading: LATER - DUSK
text: He finishes wrapping himself in a bedroll.
text: A loud exhalation, a quiet beat. Then, sudden and loud:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Good night, Mr. Pocket!
text: Chuckles, then he rolls over.
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: By the hill the remains of fire, the man small. Faint chuckling and a faint:
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Ahh me.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM - DAWN
text: The prospector stands in the middle of the stream, the legs of his stained union suit
text: rolled up to the height of the water.
text: He jerks on a length of string and pulls up a small silvery fish that twitches in the
dialog: sunlight.
text: Looking up at the ridge above him he notices the owl alighting in the tall pine.
scene_heading: THE PINE - DAY
text: As the prospector, now fully dressed, inches his way up the pine, stepping on smaller
text: and smaller limbs as he approaches the top. He has a burlap sling around his neck.
dialog: 47.
text: Ata flapping sound he looks up.
text: In low angle we see the owl, disturbed by his approach, awkwardly taking flight.
text: Back to the prospector, hair stirred by breeze. A distant hoot. He looks around, raising
text: his hand to shadow his eyes.
text: The horizon. Mountain after mountain softening with distance and haze. Nothing
text: stirs.
text: He looks down.
text: An unfamiliar, high perspective on his hidden canyon. The stream. The line of holes at
text: its bank. The distant sound of the stream.
text: He resumes climbing.
speaker_heading: AT THE NEST
text: The prospector arrives. Five speckled eggs, barely bigger than chicken eggs.
text: The prospector is carefully loading them one by one in his burlap sling when
text: something catches his look, arrests his egg-loading motion.
text: The displaced owl is perched on a tree maybe fifty yards distant. Its gaze is fixed on
dialog: him.
text: The prospector looks at the owl, hand still arrested holding an egg.
text: The owl looks at him.
text: The prospector relents: he places the egg he holds not in his sling but back in the nest,
text: next to the lone egg he had not yet taken. He mutters:
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Icain’t do it!
text: He unloads the eggs already in his sling.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: .. Damny.
dialog: He considers.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Mebbe just one.
text: He restores one egg to his sling and starts his descent.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: ... How high can a bird count,
dialog: anyway...
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON - DAY
speaker_heading: FRYING EGG
text: An egg and a small fish sizzle in the frying pan.
speaker_heading: THE PROSPECTOR
text: Eating, staring fixedly off as he chews.
text: His point-of-view: the line of holes at the riverbank.
text: The prospector, still chewing.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Yep... yep...
text: He sets the plate aside, rising:
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Ya ready, Mr. Pocket?
speaker_heading: MINUTES LATER
text: He is in a hole further up the hill, a little more than halfway up a prospective triangle
text: not yet defined fully to the top by the progressively shorter lines of holes.
text: He claws small nuggets from the earth now, wipes them and blows them clean of dirt,
text: puts them in a sack.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Keepers now... gettin to keepers...
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The sun is high.
text: The prospector climbs from a hole sweating, shirt off, further up the hill, his sack of
text: nuggets half-full.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Lumps’n chunks... lumps’n chunks...
text: He steps back, looks at the shape of his bendy, not-yet-finished triangle.
dialog: 49.
text: He drops the sack, picks up the spade that is planted by the last hole, and walks up the
text: hill referring to the downhill holes.
text: A look back and forth and then he decisively plants the shovel at a spot: the
text: presumptive apex of the triangle.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: ... Right here! I got the almighty
dialog: cinch on you, Mr. Pocket! You’re
dialog: settin down there a-waitin for me!
text: He picks up a canteen, tips his head back and pours water over his sweat-stained face.
text: He blinks up at the hot sun.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: .. Hold on sun, hold on. ’'m
dialog: almost there.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The prospector is almost neck-deep in a hole about five feet in diameter. He looks up at
text: the sun, closer now to the western ridge.
text: He gets down on his knees and claws through the dirt at the bottom of the hole.
text: Nothing but dirt and rocks. Standing again he works on the walls of the hole, widening
text: it so he can swing a pick.
speaker_heading: LATER STILL
text: The sun is lower. We see only the tip of the pick as it swings up above the lip of the hole
text: at the apex of its arc. The hole is about eight feet deep now and the sun slants in at a
text: steep angle.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HOLE - DAY
text: As the pick bites into the soft earth. It strikes something hard. The prospector grabs the
text: spade and starts frantically shoveling the earth and tossing it away. He drops the spade
text: and sinks to his knees and starts pawing at the dirt. A chunk comes away in his hand.
text: He swipes it clean: it is half rotten quartz, half virgin gold.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Mother Machree!
dialog: 50.
text: The quartz/gold seam comes apart with just a little twisting pressure from his hands.
text: Still on his knees he tosses the huge gold chunk onto a burlap sack on the floor of the
text: pit. He pulls another chunk from the pit wall in front of hin—like the first, but even
text: more of this one is gold. And another chunk. And another.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello Mr. Pocket!
text: The pit, out of direct sunlight, is warmly lit by the late sun filtering in through the dust
text: raised by his digging and clawing. But now the light, animated by the motion of the
text: dust, is subtly disturbed.
text: The prospector freezes. What was it? Not a shadow. Was it anything? Whatever
text: wavered in the cloud of light and dust, is now still.
text: We are very close on the prospector who faces into the pit, only his eyes turned back,
text: not daring to turn his head. He thinks. After a long beat his eyes return to the gold
text: lump in front of him. More stillness.
text: Not knowing what to do, not wanting to turn around, he stiffly reaches with one hand
text: to brush dirt from the lump.
text: When we cut from the lump to a close-up on his face it is a new, lower angle, showing
text: an out-of-focus figure standing at the lip of the pit, above and behind the prospector.
text: The prospector clears his throat. He self-consciously whistles, attempting a show of
text: nonchalance, tipping his head to admire the lump of gold.
text: The soft silhouetted figure above is silently reaching something from his coat.
text: We cut to a high angle over the man’s shoulder, the prospector below, facing away
text: from us, on his knees, whistling. Motion in the body of the foreground man shows him
text: continuing and then completing the action of getting something from his coat. Now he
text: is still.
text: Back down to the prospector. We are now very close, his face filling the frame. The
text: prospector is beading sweat, looking at the lump, trying to think what to do, not
text: coming up with anything. His whistling dries. In the quiet, a small, sad, shake of his
dialog: head.
text: A loud roar and his body slams down out of frame.
text: He hits the ground and is still.
text: Renewed quiet.
dialog: 51.
text: The man looking down: a young man, almost a boy, clean-shaven, neater than the
text: prospector, a six-gun smoking in his hand. He holds still, the stillness confirming that
text: his prey is dead.
text: At length he relaxes, his gun no longer pointing but his look still down at the body in
dialog: the pit.
text: The prospector’s limbs are in an awkward tangle. He has the ragdoll attitude of a
text: corpse. Blood leaks from his back.
text: The shooter slowly seats himself on the lip of the pit, legs dangling.
text: His eyes still on the corpse he sets the gun down and fishes a rolling paper and a
text: tobacco-sack from his pocket. He curls the paper, taps in a line of tobacco, finishes
text: curling the paper, licks it shut, lights it.
text: As he inhales his look moves, for the first time, off the prospector. It wanders out over
text: the stream and up the pines to where a shape moves: the owl alighting.
text: Evening breeze stirs the man’s hair. He gives a long exhale of smoke, looks back down
text: into the pit.
text: Seeped-out blood covers the back of the prospector’s shirt.
text: The shooter, his look unemotive, sighs, licks forefinger and thumb and taps them
text: against the end of the cigarette, killing it. He puts it back in his pocket, for later. He
text: picks up the gun.
text: He braces both arms against the lip and drops himself into the hole, his gun above his
text: head as he lets go of the edge.
text: Just as he lands the prospector, twisting with a wheezing roar of effort, grabs the
text: shooter’s ankle and upsets his balance. The gun goes off with a roar thudding into the
text: side of the hole and filling it with smoke.
text: Collapsing at the bottom the shooter tries to lower the gun but his wrist is grabbed and
text: wrenched to the side as the gun goes off again. The two men tangle in the confined
text: space a riot of flailing limbs. The prospector does not let go of the young man’s wrist
text: even as he lowers the gun to shoot.
text: Suddenly the prospector throws a handful of dirt into the shooter’s face and wrenches
text: the gun away.
text: The shooter raises his other hand in front of his face to shield it just as, from offscreen,
text: the gun roars again, the bullet passing through his hand and into his face, killing him.
dialog: 52.
text: The prospector struggles wheezing to his feet, discharging the revolver two more times
text: into the young man’s body.
text: The gunsmoke rises and the last gunshot rings out to leave the prospector sobbing,
text: looking down at the dead man covered in blood. Blood drips from the prospector as
text: well, draining down the arm holding the gun still pointing at his assailant.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Ya measly skunk! A-campin on my
dialog: trail and lettin me do the work an
dialog: then shootin me in the back!
text: He kicks at the dead man’s foot.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
text: .. IN THE BACK!
text: Sobbing and moaning, he crawls out of the pit.
scene_heading: EXT. LIP OF THE HOLE/STREAM - LATE DAY
text: He claws his shirt off as he staggers downhill to the stream.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: ... Ya measly SKUNK!
text: He drops the gun at the riverbank and plows into the water. Not deep enough: he does
text: knee-bends to clear the blood so as to be able to examine his wound.
text: He moans with pain and effort with each bob as he sloshes water against himself.
text: The exposed wound is in his midriff, to one side. He raises that arm and twists to look
text: at the exit wound in his back.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: ... Went clean through. Didn’t hit
dialog: nothing important. Just guts! JUST
text: GUTS, YA MEASLY SKUNK!
text: The shout is directed up the hill. The prospector reverts to moaning as he bobs and
text: slaps water, cleaning the wound.
text: He staggers out of the stream and goes to his little campsite and pulls some cloth out of
text: a bag, yelling uphill:
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: ... Don’t worry, Mr. Pocket, I'll
dialog: come back!
text: He rips a length of cloth and we cut on the rip.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLE - NEXT MORNING
text: Early light.
dialog: The holes.
text: The dead shooter, caked with dirt and blood, lies at the lip of the topmost hole having
text: been dragged out. On the other side of the pit uncleaned lumps of gold lie on the burlap
text: bag. Wheezing is audible within the pit.
text: The prospector, now bandaged, is inside. The pit’s uphill wall is now concave, the
text: pocket of gold having been clawed out. The prospector runs a hand along the concave
text: surface, looking, pulling out a clod, satisfying himself that it is little more than dirt.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: Okay... okay...
text: He emerges from the pit.
text: He plants a toe under the corpse and, with one hand clamped against his injured side to
text: keep it compressed while he strains, he rolls the dead man into the pit.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: ... That’s yer share, ya measly
dialog: skunk!
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON - DAY
scene_heading: THE LOADED HORSE
text: Clanking and jangling with pots and pans. It is now also loaded with two bulging
text: burlap sacks.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: There’s a spot in me heart
dialog: Which nobody may own
dialog: There’s a depth in my soul
dialog: Never sounded or known...
text: The prospector is leading the horse through the downhill curtain of vegetation.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: There’s a place in my mem’ry
dialog: —My heart—that you fill
dialog: No other can take it
dialog: No one ever will...
text: His singing voice fades as the shrubs and branches close over him and he continues his
text: descent unseen.
text: High: the owl’s point-of-view of the canyon. The burbling stream, the hill beside it
text: marred by the strange geometry of gouged holes.
text: The distant voice fades to nothing. The sounds of the canyon return.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
text: Myr. Arthur had no idea what he would say to Billy Knapp.
dialog: 
dialog: 55-
text: As we dissolve to a new title page we hear the sound of distant barking:
dialog: The Gal Who Got Rattled
text: he page turns to a new illustration: wide on a rolling prairie. In the painting a
dialog: 
text: line of conestoga wagons recedes into the distance; a lone rider coming from the
text: wagon train is about to meet a man on foot, his back to us, who carries a winchester on
text: his shoulder. He is trailed by a small black terrier.
text: We move down to the caption at the bottom of the picture:
text: Mr. Arthur had no idea what he would say to Billy Knapp.
dialog: We dissolve to:
scene_heading: INT. BOARDERS’ DINING ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: A YAPPING DOG
text: A little terrier wanders beneath a long table, among the boots and high lace-ups of the
text: nine or ten diners.
text: A male hand reaches under the table with a scrap. The dog hurries to it.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: His cough did not respond to any
dialog: kind of syrup or elixir...
text: At the table: a half-dozen boarders among whom are Gilbert and Alice Longabaugh.
text: Gilbert is just withdrawing his hand from under the table.
text: The speaker is a young salesman.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: I bought him every kind of remedy,
dialog: out of my own pocket. Nothing
text: palliated. Although one of them he
dialog: drank avidly. And it was an
dialog: extremely rattly cough. No, I was
text: not sad to see Mr. Kincaid leave.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: It was not a contagious cough.
dialog: Nobody here became ill. It was a
dialog: nervous cough. I would not rent to
text: a contagious cougher.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: T have never heard of a nervous
dialog: cough.
dialog: (turns to Mrs. Longabaugh)
dialog: T understand you are about to leave
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: There is no medical affliction but
dialog: that doesn’t have a nervous
dialog: variety. The nervous system spreads
dialog: its tendrils throughout the body. I
text: saw a picture of it in a book.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: The nervous system does not have
dialog: “tendrils.”
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: I don’t pretend to be a physician,
dialog: or a botanist. I know that the
text: nervous system extends through the
dialog: body and I presume that that is how
dialog: it learns of the various physical
text: conditions that it imitates.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER MAN
dialog: Mrs. Flannery is quite right, I
dialog: have seen that picture.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: My point is only that Mr. Kincaid
dialog: was not a contagious cougher. I
dialog: don’t rent to such.
scene_heading: MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
dialog: Is there any more chicken and
dialog: dumplings? The bowl came to me
dialog: last.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: Yes there is more! We don’t stint
text: at this table. Grandma Turner looks
dialog: to be finished. Are you finished
dialog: Grandma Turner!
text: An old lady stares off, her mouth open.
dialog: 57-
text: The landlady nods.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY (CONT’D)
text: ... Grandma Turner is finished.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: Leaving tomorrow? Jumping off the
dialog: map, so to speak?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes indeed, my brother and I are
dialog: setting offin the morning, for
dialog: Oregon.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Oregon! You have people there, or
dialog: a—
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
text: Just scoop from her plate, Mrs.
dialog: Halliday. Grandma Turner is quite
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: No, I, not exactly—that is, my
dialog: brother does.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Well go ahead and tell him Alice,
dialog: don’t be tongue-tied. She has
dialog: exciting news.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I’m... I’m to be married. Or at
dialog: least I may be, to Gilbert’s...
dialog: associate.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
text: He’s well fixed out there.
text: The salesman can’t quite make out the situation. He looks at Alice, puzzled.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: You’re not certain whether you’re
dialog: going to be married? Has the
dialog: gentleman not proposed?
dialog: 
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well, he—
text: Alice looks up with embarrassment.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
text: He will propose. Once they meet
dialog: each other I’m sure Alice will pass
dialog: muster. The match is a good one.
text: Tm joining him in a business
dialog: opportunity. And he’s declared
text: himself ready to marry when he
text: finds a suitable match. Alice can
dialog: be very sociable and attractive
dialog: when she has a mind to be. She
dialog: doesn’t always have a mind to be.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: T think she is just the picture of
dialog: charm and we will be so very sorry
dialog: to see you go, Miss Longabaugh, you
dialog: and Mr. Longabaugh both.
dialog: And of course Mr. Longabaugh’s dog,
dialog: little President Pierce, bless him.
dialog: Where is he now?
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY
speaker_heading: DAYS LATER
text: We hear the steady yapping of a small dog but we are close on an ox, in harness. We
text: lead the ox; it is looking past us with watery, sad brown eyes.
text: Reverse: the wagon ahead. The terrier stands inside with its forepaws up against the
text: tailgate, looking out the back, steadily yapping. We can tell from its body that its tail is
text: furiously wagging. It is keeping steady eye-contact with the ox behind.
text: Alice trudges before the wagon in which the dog yaps. She wears a broad-brimmed hat.
text: Gilbert walks slightly ahead. Ahead of both a young man, seen only from behind, leads
text: their team of oxen.
text: After a long beat walking:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Gilbert.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Yes, sister.
text: The dog is still yapping, and indeed yaps throughout.
text: Alice is hesitant:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Two people have asked me about
dialog: President Pierce.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Asked?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well... complained.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: ALICE
text: The barking.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Indeed. Why to you?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I believe they assumed he was my
dialog: dog.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Well I don’t know what to say.
text: President Pierce is a nervous
text: creature, and excited by animals
text: larger than himself.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Almost all animals are larger than
dialog: President Pierce.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: (nettled)
dialog: Well what of it?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: People are... wondering if he will
text: bark all the way to the Willamette Valley.
dialog: 59.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: What if he does? There are property
dialog: rights. The dog is my property. My
dialog: property barks. There you have it.
text: They walk in silence. Then:
speaker_heading: GILBERT (CONT’D)
dialog: What did you tell them?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: ... Well. Not that.
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Yes, I can only imagine what you
dialog: said. Alice: sometimes you have to
dialog: tell people what’s what.
text: Gilbert raises his hand and coughs into it, probably from the choking dust.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: DAYS LATER
text: Night. On the prairie.
text: Alice sits on the ground against a wagon wheel, in distress. Her knees are drawn up and
text: her hands clamp either side of her head. She is hyperventilating.
text: The little dog is near her, yapping up toward the wagon.
text: From inside the wagon, moans building to a scream of agony.
text: The scream is succeeded by heavy breathing and then a rasping voice:
speaker_heading: GILBERT
dialog: Alice!
text: Staring at the ground she shakes her head, still hyperventilating.
text: She looks up.
text: Peeking out over the tailgate of the next wagon in the circle is a small child. He stares
text: at her.
speaker_heading: GILBERT (CONT’D)
dialog: Alice!
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - NEXT MORNING
text: Gilbert lies inside the wagon gazing upward, dead.
text: Alice stares down at him.
text: Early sunlight is diffused by the wagon’s canvas skin.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Ma’am... Um, Miss... condolences...
text: A man nearing sixty, mounted, looks in over the tailgate. It is Mr. Arthur, one of the
text: two trailbosses. He is uncomfortable:
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Condolences—goin back?
text: Alice stares at him. It is as if she has not heard. Her mouth hangs open.
text: Mr. Arthur grows only more uncomfortable under her stare.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: ... You, uh, goin back now, er...
text: As we hear approaching hoofbeats Mr. Arthur’s panicked look shifts to the
text: approaching rider, appealing for help.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Did you lose him?
text: She stares at Billy Knapp. Gathering that she is not ready to talk, his tone is gentle:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: Tam so very sorry. I will get a spade.
text: She finds her voice:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yesterday morning he was fine.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: It is very quick, cholera.
text: Mr. Arthur has withdrawn a half-length behind Billy Knapp, to whom he mutters:
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: She a go-backer?
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Will you be goin back, Miss? Or
dialog: pressin on?
dialog: 62.
text: She stares at him.
text: He waits, and then a gentle prod:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: ... Goin back, or, stayin with the
dialog: train?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Goin back where?
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Uh...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I... don’t have people.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Anyone ahead? In Oregon?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: ... There is a gentleman... but I
dialog: have not met him. I know his name.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Well... Pll get a spade.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVESITE - LATER
text: Billy Knapp is walloping the ground with the flat of a shovel. His close-mouthed
text: colleague Mr. Arthur watches from his horse, arms draped over the saddle horn.
text: Billy Knapp notices Alice approaching and in deference stops packing the earth; he
text: presses at the ground with his toe.
text: She draws up, looking at the patch of earth.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Don’t want him dug up. Uh... you
dialog: want a marker of any kind, or...
text: She is staring at the ground. She looks up at him. No answer. He takes it as answer.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: Well. We'll leave it at that.
dialog: Better anyway not to advertise to
dialog: the Indians. They will scavenge.
text: She looks at him with alarm, which he notes.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT'D) 3.
dialog: ... They don’t bother us, none. Too
dialog: much trouble attackin a wagon
dialog: train, too little reward. You got a
dialog: hired boy don’t you Miss
dialog: Longabaugh?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes. Matt.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: ‘N he'll handle the team.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: He has been. Gilbert did very
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Very well. You call upon myself or
dialog: Mr. Arthur ifyou...
text: She looks from one man to the other.
text: Mr. Arthur says nothing. He turns his horse and rides away.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILBOSS’ COOKFIRE - NIGHT
text: Two men sit at a campfire: facing us, Mr. Arthur, and facing away, Billy Knapp, who is
text: just lifting a brand from the fire to light himself a cigarette. The men sit in contented
text: quiet, comfortable enough with each other to not talk.
text: When Mr. Arthur sees Alice walking up he catches Billy’s eye and hastily rises, and
text: Billy Knapp follows.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Miss.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Please, sit down. Could I ask your
dialog: advice, Mr. Knapp?
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Certainly, miss. Will you have a
dialog: coffee with us?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: No thank you. My hired boy, Matt.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT’D)
dialog: He told me that my brother promised
dialog: him half his wages when we get to
dialog: Fort Laramie.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yes miss?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: What’d he say that was?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Two hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Two hundred dollars is half?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes. And the other half when we get
text: to the Willamette Valley.
text: Billy Knapp and Mr. Arthur exchange a look.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: A high price.
dialog: These words—the first we’ve heard Mr. Arthur speak—have been addressed to no one
text: in particular. Billy Knapp addresses Alice:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
text: It is an extravagant wage.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: That’s a high price.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Do you think the boy is telling a
dialog: story? Now that your brother is no
dialog: longer...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I don’t know.
text: The two men again look at each other.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT’D)
dialog: ... Gilbert was not a good business
dialog: person. He had an enterprise in
dialog: Towa City, that ended poorly... And
dialog: earlier, another that...
dialog: There is no judgment in the question:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: He was a failure?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I suppose.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Still, the boy...
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: That’s a high price.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well. There is another problem.
dialog: I... I cannot find any money in the
dialog: wagon. I believe Gilbert kept it in
text: his waistcoat.
text: Again, the two men look at each other.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Then he’s still got it.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
text: One day’s ride.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yessir but, what, midday tomorrow,
dialog: I smoothed it, kicked scrub over
dialog: it’n who knows what passed in the
dialog: night. No, I don’t think so. No.
text: He turns back to Alice. He thinks. At length:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: ... I suggest you not argue with
dialog: the boy til we get to Fort Laramie.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: And then?
dialog: Quiet.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Well, maybe I will talk to the boy,
dialog: see if I can shake him loose from
dialog: his story. Four hundred dollars. I
dialog: don’t know. I will have to think on
dialog: this one.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - NEXT DAY
text: We hear dog yapping.
text: We are looking at the back of a young man in a battered felt hat who trudges along
text: leading a team of oxen.
text: He looks over his shoulder. He is an unprepossessing young man.
text: Behind him: Alice. She does not react to the boy’s sullen look.
scene_heading: EXT. ALICE’S COOKFIRE - EVENING
text: Alice and the young man are eating wordlessly at their cookfire.
text: Intermittent yaps from the dog.
text: Billy Knapp walks up.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Miss, could I have a word?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Certainly Mr. Knapp, can I offer
dialog: you supper?
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Thank you, miss, I have had mine.
dialog: I
text: The young man, having given Billy Knapp a hostile look on his arrival, now rises and
text: leaves with his plate of food. Billy Knapp watches him go, then looks back at Alice.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: This is awkward miss, but people
dialog: have complained to Mr. Arthur and
dialog: myself about your little, uh,
dialog: President Pierce. I have no doubt
dialog: but that your dog is—
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: He is not my dog.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: w.. Miss?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: He was—Mr. Longabaugh’s. I know
dialog: it’s terrible, the noise. I don’t
dialog: know what to do.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Isee. I see. Well then—I thought
dialog: he was your dog—maybe this is
dialog: quite a simple matter, uh... could
dialog: I put him down for you, miss?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: All right. Well. Could we not just
dialog: scare him off?
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Well no, we are his food so he will
dialog: try to follow, long as he can. And
dialog: then—a wolf might play with him
text: before he eats him. Faster is
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes. I understand. Yes, thank you
dialog: very much, if you would take care
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: It will be no trouble at all, miss.
dialog: I will attend to it right away.—Oh
dialog: (lowered voice)
dialog: T regret to have to tell you—I
dialog: talked to your boy Matt. I could
text: not get him to budge.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well. Well. Thank you Mr. Knapp,
dialog: you are very kind to extend
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: It is no trouble, miss. Here we go,
dialog: little dog...
dialog: 68.
text: He stoops, coaxing the terrier in with an extended hand. He scoops it up.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: ... All right, miss.
text: He touches his hat and walks away, dog in the crook of his arm, around the wagon
text: toward a nearby rise.
text: Alice watches the spot he left.
text: She rouses herself, takes another bite of food.
text: No appetite. She sets the plate down.
text: She reseats herself leaning against a wagon wheel. She draws her knees up, brings her
text: hands up to cover her ears.
text: A long wait.
text: A pop/ She flinches.
text: She slowly lowers her hands.
text: She starts to rise, and then:
dialog: Pop!
text: She is puzzled.
text: Then, two more in quick succession: pop/ pop!
text: She goes around the wagon, looks out.
text: The nearby rise.
text: After a beat, Billy Knapp appears. He walks toward her, gun at his side. He looks
text: sheepish.
text: When he arrives:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: I set President Pierce down and he
text: moved just as I fired. He skittered
dialog: off, miss—I don’t believe I hit
text: him a’tall.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Oh. Oh my.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Tam truly sorry, miss, I should
dialog: have deputized Mr. Arthur. That man
dialog: is a crack shot. I did not expect
text: it tO... tO...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well. It was very kind of you.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: I do not think you will see
dialog: President Pierce again...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes. Yes, thank you Mr. Knapp.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY
text: Trudging. Alice somewhat behind, the sullen youth leading the oxen.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILBOSS’ COOKFIRE #2 - NIGHT
text: Mr. Arthur and Billy Knapp are at their cookfire. Billy Knapp swirls a little coffee in
text: a cup, takes a last sip and tosses the dregs. He takes a plug of tobacco from his shirt
text: pocket and bites offa chaw.
text: Nearby Mr. Arthur turns his empty cup upside down and taps the grounds into the fire.
text: Billy Knapp hands him the plug.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Obliged.
text: He looks up at the sound of footsteps. Alice approaching. Billy Knapp rises quickly to
text: his feet. Mr. Arthur remains sitting.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I’m, I’m sorry to trouble you
dialog: again. There’s no need to—
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: You are no trouble, Miss
dialog: Longabaugh.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I do apologize, Mr. Knapp,
dialog: interrupting your supper.
text: Mr. Arthur has risen to his feet. He walks off towards the horses.
text: She does.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Miss, please set your mind at ease.
dialog: Thave hired on as trailboss and it
dialog: is my duty to guide the train and
dialog: meet square any unexpected problem.
dialog: You have full call on my services.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well I am grateful whether it is
dialog: your duty or not. But things are
dialog: developing for the worse. Matt—my
dialog: boy—
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Matt has asked me to affirm his
dialog: arrangement with my brother. He
dialog: asks me to declare that he will
dialog: receive his two payments—at Fort
dialog: Laramie, and in Oregon. He says if
dialog: I will not affirm it, he will
text: depart. He will join the first
dialog: party of go-backers we meet.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: And leave you. Leave you here with
text: the wagon, high and dry.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Well well well. The impertinence.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes, but...
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Please set down miss. We had better
dialog: talk about this.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I don’t like it. But I don’t know
dialog: that it is wrong of him to ask. He
dialog: is doing a job, for pay.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Well. You are very broadminded, to
text: see the other side of it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: But then what shall I do, Mr.
dialog: Knapp? Shall I confess I have no
dialog: money? What is right?
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: What is right.
text: He nods. They both stare into the fire.
text: Billy Knapp finally stirs.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: Miss Longabaugh. I cannot offer to
dialog: drive your team or tend your wagon
text: in place of the boy. Mr. Arthur—
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I would not ask you to do so!
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Indeed, these are my thoughts not
dialog: yours. Mr. Arthur and I have to
dialog: ride one in front of the train, one
text: behind, we take turns pilot and
dialog: drag. But... Will you trust me for
dialog: a day?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Well. Certainly. But how so?
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Tell the boy that you affirm the
dialog: agreement. I want to think on this
dialog: for a day. I have a notion that you
dialog: may think is crackpot, but I do not
dialog: believe it is.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Tm sure it is not crackpot.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Well we'll see. Give me a day. I
dialog: must talk to Mr. Arthur. Then we
dialog: will talk tomorrow, and if you
dialog: think it is a bad idea, why, then,
dialog: we will only have taken one extra
dialog: day of the boy’s labor.
text: Mr. Arthur rides in the dust haze at the back of the wagon train, bandana around his
text: lower face and hat brim pulled low as protection against the dust stirred by all the
text: wagons he trails.
text: Billy Knapp trots oncoming and wheels around to ride with him. He pulls his own
text: bandana up.
text: A beat of silent riding.
dialog: Then, with jollity:
text: Another beat.
text: The shortest beat.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Afternoon, pardner.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
text: Afternoon.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Which is worse, pardner, dust or
dialog: mud?
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Both I guess.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: .. Say, I am thinking of proposing
dialog: to Miss Longabaugh.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: That right.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yes, and if she accepts, well then,
dialog: I plan to settle in Oregon. This
dialog: would be my last wagon train...
dialog: 73+
text: Another beat.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: ... I will farm.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Well. We'll see how she takes it.
text: Mr. Arthur says nothing.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: ... Well, I will head back up.
dialog: Unless you desire a swap.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: ... Afternoon.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
text: Afternoon.
text: Billy Knapp gallops off.
scene_heading: EXT. CIRCLED WAGONS - NIGHT
text: It is night and two fiddlers play for a gathering within the circled wagons. Alice stands
text: among the people watching those who dance. Billy Knapp enters.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Miss.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Good evening Mr. Knapp.
text: As he joins her she turns back to the dancing, and both stand watching for a beat.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: May we talk for a moment?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes, of course.
text: The two amble to get a little distance from the noise.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT’D)
dialog: So. Your crackpot notion.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yes. Yes. Before I expose it—may I
dialog: ask something?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Certainly.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: What... possibilities do you look
dialog: forward to in Oregon?
text: She slows and they find themselves stopping at a tilted-up oxcart. Alice seats herself
text: on it and, as she considers her answer, Billy plants one foot on a drive shaft and drapes
text: forearms over his knees.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I don’t quite know. Gilbert
dialog: knows—knew—someone there, a Mr.
dialog: Vereen, who owns an orchard, or
dialog: maybe more than one orchard, and a
dialog: cartage company. He was vague about
dialog: his connection with Mr. Vereen and,
dialog: and about his own prospective
dialog: position. I don’t wish to slight my
dialog: brother’s memory, but, he could...
dialog: exaggerate the nature of an
dialog: opportunity. As I have told you, he
dialog: had little aptitude for business.
dialog: And Mr. Vereen’s interest in...
dialog: myself—I fear that may also have
dialog: been speculative...
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Isee. I see. So this is no
dialog: definite prospect of marriage, no
dialog: contract.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I—no.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Well my idea then is this. And I
dialog: submit it in respect, Miss
dialog: Longabaugh. I propose to assume
dialog: your brother’s debt to the hired
dialog: boy, and to... to ask you to marry
dialog: me.
dialog: 75+
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Oh!
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: I submit it in respect.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Oh! Oh.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: I... my notion is to farm in the
dialog: Willamette.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: ... I don’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: T have ambushed you, I am very
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: No, no.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: I should clarify what brings me to
dialog: say these things or I will seem
dialog: like the veriest bounder. I have
dialog: found myself thinking about certain
dialog: matters, um. I have been bustin
dialog: trail for fifteen years, the last
dialog: twelve with Mr. Arthur. Mr. Arthur
dialog: is a top man. Top man. But he is
dialog: getting older, and... slower to
text: straighten in the morning. Sleeping
dialog: on the ground, miss, to have no
text: family and to sleep on the ground.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes. Yes. It cannot be easy.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yes, looking at him, well... I
dialog: myself have come to the age where,
dialog: either I will settle, and have
dialog: children who can take care of me
dialog: when I am old. Or I will not. That
dialog: time will have passed.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: So I have found myself thinking,
dialog: well, if I met a, a maiden, or a
dialog: widow of honor, uh, perhaps I
dialog: would...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Present myself...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes, I see.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Uh...
text: They both gaze into the fire, the most neutral place to look.
text: At length, but still looking in the fire:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re acquainted with the 1872
dialog: Grant?
text: Alice looks at him.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Tam not.
text: He is still looking in the fire.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Settler in Oregon can claim 320
dialog: acres. Married couple can claim
dialog: 640. There is a, um... In Fort
dialog: Laramie there is a Mr. Bourgeois
dialog: who can sanctify marriage.
dialog: After some thought.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Do you engage in divine worship.
text: Now he looks at her, finding relief in a matter-of-fact question.
dialog: 77:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yes, Iam a Methodist. Yourself,
dialog: miss?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Tam Episcopalian.
text: Again they lapse into a silence, but not a troubled one. Religion does not seem to be an
dialog: impediment.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: What is your... Christian name, Mr.
dialog: Knapp?
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: William. I am Billy Knapp.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Tam Alice Longabaugh.
text: He nods.
text: Alice looks into the fire.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well... now I suppose it is my turn
dialog: to think.
text: He rises.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Of course. We will um... We will
dialog: let the boy keep working for the
dialog: moment? On his assumption of
dialog: payment?
text: Alice looks at him, draws breath to answer, but stops, frowning. She does not move.
text: Billy Knapp looks at her, trying to read her look, wondering whether he should be
text: dismayed by it. Then he too frowns.
text: We begin to hear it: a distant yapping. It fades, grows, fades, as the wind rolls it back
text: and forth across the border of audibility.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - NEXT DAY
text: On another wagon: a woman rides on the jockey box with a babe in arms.
text: Two bigger children, boys, walk in front of the wagon. One of the boys is walking
text: backwards. The other is laughing.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What are you doing, Israel?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Walking backwards. Gonna walk the
dialog: rest of the way to Oregon
dialog: backwards.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Don’t do that.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I said don’t do that.
text: The father, walking by the oxen with a switch, turns and whips the boy’s back.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don’t do that.
text: The boy stumbles round, surprised and smarting. The father turns back to the oxen
text: with a dark:
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Listen to yer mother.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE/SMALL STREAM - DAY
scene_heading: HEAD OF THE WAGON TRAIN
text: Today Mr. Arthur is in the fresh-aired vanguard.
text: He draws his horse to a halt at the brink of a gentle declivity to a small stream lined by
text: cottonwoods. He looks side to side, assessing.
text: Mr. Arthur gives a look up at the sun, considers.
text: He reins his horse around and backtracks to meet the approaching lead wagon, holding
text: up one hand.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Noon here.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL STREAM - MINUTES LATER
text: The chunking of wagon wheels has stopped at the cut, replaced by clatter and wallah of
text: people preparing food and chatting and tending to chores.
text: Billy Knapp descends toward the stream, dusty and sweating.
text: Reverse on Mr. Arthur, sitting before a cookfire and eating. Many people have come
text: down to eat by the stream, or to wash things in it, or-—children—to play in it.
text: Mr. Arthur’s back is to us. Responding to the sound of Billy Knapp’s approach he
text: glances back over his shoulder. As Billy Knapp draws up and sits Mr. Arthur hands over
text: a plate of dinner.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Thank you.
text: The two men eat.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - LATER
text: The train has resumed; Alice trudges behind her wagon.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Miss, uh...
text: She looks around. Billy Knapp, mounted, is trotting up from behind.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: I thought I should add, miss, to my
dialog: proposal?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You may call me Alice.
text: Billy dismounts and leads his horse to walk alongside her.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: I thought I should add, Alice—lest
dialog: I seem hard-nosed—f you see fit
dialog: to decline my proposal, why, there
dialog: is more than one way to skin a cat.
dialog: We might find a boy from another
dialog: wagon to drive your team, use your
dialog: oxen as payment in Oregon. Someone
dialog: might be willing.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: Or distribute your necessities among
dialog: other wagons. We will get you to Oregon,
dialog: safe and sound, I don’t wish to
dialog: present myself as the only
dialog: alternative to ruination. It would
dialog: be wrong to take advantage.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: The thought does you credit,
dialog: William. But I’m inclined to accept
dialog: your proposal.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: All right. All right.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I didn’t take your offer to be
dialog: opportunism and I don’t take
dialog: yourself to be hard-nosed.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: That puts my mind at ease, I am
dialog: glad to hear it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: My dear brother was very hard-nosed.
dialog: But never very successful.
dialog: Those two things, in
dialog: combination—it made life a
text: frustration for him.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: I see how it would. You feel badly
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I do. Now. More than I did. Other
dialog: people didn’t care for him. He had
dialog: only me. And I had only him.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Tam very sorry that you have lost
text: him. But he is with his creator.
dialog: His way is easy now.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes, of course. Yes, his way was
dialog: difficult. I must say, it was
dialog: difficult to be with him, he never
dialog: found calm and he never gave calm.
dialog: I was very nervous being with him.
dialog: Not afraid of him—he would not
dialog: hurt a fly—I was just—not at
dialog: ease. I was eaten up by nerves at
dialog: the thought of talking to Mr.
dialog: Vereen for instance. The thought of
dialog: meeting him was an agony. I don’t
dialog: know how I would have done it. And
dialog: yet you are so very easy to talk to.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Perhaps we'll find comfort
dialog: together, spiritual ease—that was
dialog: my hope as well. Alice.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes. William.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - DUSK
text: Billy Knapp is bent low, hobbling his horse. He speaks to the horse’s front feet.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Well, it... it appears that Miss
dialog: Longabaugh is inclined to accept my
dialog: proposal,
text: He straightens up. Mr. Arthur has unsaddled and hobbled his own horse and is now at
text: their pack mule, examining its load.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yes, it uh... Of course you will do
dialog: fine, solo, no doubt about it, a
dialog: man of your skills will always be
dialog: in high demand.
text: Mr. Arthur is picking through the pack.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: ... Wheres’at mecate rope?—Neb
dialog: mind, here it is.
scene_heading: EXT. ALICE’S COOKFIRE #2 - NIGHT
text: Billy Knapp and Alice sit at Alice’s fire, both gazing into it, Billy Knapp holding a cup
dialog: of coffee.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: ... When will we see buffalo?
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Oh soon, very soon.
text: Another beat. Billy Knapp’s musings are directed at the fire:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: ... Used to hunt the big shaggies,
dialog: provisioned for the army. Did some
dialog: trapping. Years. Found myself
dialog: missing animals’t walked upright.
dialog: Started piloting. Partnered up with
dialog: Mr. Arthur.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What did Mr. Arthur do, previously?
text: Billy Knapp thinks, realizes:
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Don’t know...
text: More fire-gazing.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP (CONT’D)
dialog: ... That man is a wonder. He can
dialog: read the prairie like a book. To
dialog: see him cut for sign, well—you’d
dialog: think the good lord dealt us each
dialog: our five senses, then bottom-dealt
dialog: Mr. Arthur one extra. Still... he
dialog: is old. I don’t know how it will go
dialog: with him. His affairs may... I
dialog: can’t help feeling in the wrong.
dialog: Quiet.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Your first responsibility is to
dialog: your household.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yes, but...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: T’m sorry. I should not dismiss it
text: with an easy apothegm.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Gilbert had a saying for any
text: situation. A ready bit of wisdom.
dialog: He was very certain.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: He was a doughface?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: How did—oh, yes. He was an admirer
dialog: of President Pierce, yes, very much
dialog: so. He had fixed political beliefs.
dialog: All of his beliefs were quite
dialog: fixed, even those that... fortune
dialog: did not tend to endorse. He would
dialog: upbraid me for being “wishy-washy.”
dialog: I never had his certainties. I
dialog: suppose it’s a defect.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: Oh, I don’t think it is a defect at
dialog: all. Oh no. Uncertainty—that is
dialog: appropriate for the matters of this
dialog: world. Only regarding the next are
dialog: we vouchsafed certainty.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: I believe certainty regarding that
dialog: which we see and touch—it is
dialog: seldom justified, if ever. Down the
dialog: ages, from our remote past, what
dialog: certainties survive? And yet we
dialog: hurry to fashion new ones. Wanting
dialog: their comfort.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: “Certainty”—it is the easy path,
dialog: Just as you said.
text: They are both looking into the fire.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Strait is the gate...
speaker_heading: BILLY KNAPP
dialog: ... and narrow the way. Indeed.
dialog: Indeed.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAMBED - DAY
text: Mr. Arthur sinks into a squat in close shot, looking down at the ground.
text: The soft ground in the streambed he has stopped at, shows hoofprints.
text: Back to Mr. Arthur. His look swivels to his left, following the line of prints.
text: He slowly rises, his appraising look directed at the horizon. The wagon train in the
text: background—behind him—continues to advance toward us, its lead wagon almost
dialog: arrived.
text: Mr. Arthur’s point-of-view shows a gentle rise but not much other punctuation on the
text: horizon. Peaceful as can be.
text: The man walking before the first wagon in the train is drawing even. He calls out:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Sign, Mr. Arthur?
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Horses.
text: (a gesture forward as he mounts up)
dialog: Keep on. Gonna talk to Mr. Knapp.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE/WAGON TRAIN - DAY
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
text: Ata canter, going down the line of wagons.
text: A puzzled look as he draws even with the wagon led by Matt, Alice’s sullen employee.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Wharza woman?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Tsat?
text: Mr. Arthur reins his horse around to walk abreast with Matt as they talk.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Mrs. Longabaugh, wharshe?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Went o’er air.
text: A vague wave to the left of the wagon train—the same perpendicular traced by the
text: hoofprints.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: O’er air? Whyzat?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Huh. I’dno. Heard that mutt
text: barkin’. Pres’dent Pierce.
text: There is some concern now in Mr. Arthur’s look toward the horizon.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Whenshe go?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Wull. ’dno.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Whenshe go?!
text: A shrug from Matt.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Half ar.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Uh-hnghh.
dialog: 86.
text: A beat looking and he spurs his horse to the left.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - MINUTES LATER
text: Mr. Arthur is spurring and reining his horse in a forward-sideways diagonal, looking
text: intently down at the prairie grass just in front of him. The wagon train is in the deep
text: background, several hundred yards behind Mr. Arthur now, separated from him by—
text: to our eyes—unmarked prairie grass.
text: Mr. Arthur abruptly tacks, taking the opposite-ways diagonal forward, eyes still
text: trained on the grass just before him. He stops the horse, looks up.
text: His point of view, since he now has a bit of elevation, shows gently receding waves of
text: prairie grass. No human yet visible.
text: He spurs his horse forward.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE DOG VILLAGE - DAY
speaker_heading: FURTHER ON
text: Mr. Arthur tops a rise and reins his horse in to look down into the swale below.
text: Ms. Longabaugh is sitting on a small hillock holding a yapping President Pierce.
text: In front of her the earth is disturbed by a multitude of small mounds and holes out of
text: which, every now and then, pops the head of a prairie dog.
text: Mr. Arthur looks around from his high perspective then gentles his horse down the rise
text: toward the woman.
speaker_heading: A MINUTE LATER
text: Mr. Arthur arriving. Alice, smiling, sits on her horse holding President Pierce, beguiled
text: by the little animals at which President Pierce barks. Her eyes stay on the animals as
text: she talks.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What are they, Mr. Arthur?
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Prairie dogs, ma’am. Uh, ma’am...
dialog: We best, uh...
text: She still watches the little animals, one or two of whom give little chirping barks back
dialog: at President Pierce.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Ma’am, there’s uh—
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Aren’t they darling?
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Yes’m. We'd better—um, gittin
dialog: late.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: ALICE
text: It’s hours till dark.
text: Mr. Arthur’s look has latched onto something on the horizon. It locks there.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT’D)
dialog: .. I believe President Pierce is
dialog: trying to understand whether those
dialog: creatures are other dogs, or—
text: Mr. Arthur abruptly dismounts. He strides over to Alice’s horse.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Git down.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Why, Mr. Arthur—
text: He pulls at her with an urgency that precludes resistance.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Git down now, Miss.
text: He has half-pulled her down but she has landed on her feet and the dog has left her
text: arms to yap at the prairie dogs.
text: Alice is alarmed by his sudden change of attitude.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Mr. Arthur—
text: He is not even looking at her: he is hobbling her horse.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
text: Set below this rise here.
text: He goes to hobble his own horse as she watches, bewildered.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: But—we’re not going back?
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Not directly.
text: A short gesture with his head.
text: She looks—and gives a sobbing little cry.
text: An Indian on horseback, motionless, silhouetted on the distant rise.
text: Mr. Arthur rises from his horse and takes five strides out toward the Indian, holding his
text: hand out toward him head palm-forward. He stops, fixed in the palm-out pose.
text: No motion from the Indian.
dialog: Mr. Arthur returns:
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: We're in for a fight. He won’t
dialog: answer m’peace sign’n he’s a Sioux.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: We can’t make a run for it through
dialog: this dog-town.
text: She is agitated but tries to calm herself with a thought:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: There’s only one savage.
text: Mr. Arthur laughs.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Keep lookin.
text: Other Indians are joining the first, forming a facing line. There are perhaps twenty of
text: them all told. Mr. Arthur is dragging the saddle off his horse, plants it as fort on a small
text: hillock.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: ... They'll crush us. Course, dog-holes
dialog: as bad fer them as fer us,
dialog: and they don’t know how to fight.
text: He unscabards his Winchester and checks the breach, gets out his revolver and checks
text: it, talking as he works:
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: If they was to come in on all sides
dialog: I couldn’t handle ‘em, but they
dialog: rush in a bunch, like damn fools!
dialog: 
text: He chuckles—but then catches himself at the bad language.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Beg pardon, Miss. Now you set
dialog: there, take this.
text: He is giving her the revolver. She will not reach for it; he grabs her wrist and closes her
text: hand over the gun.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Take’t now. Two bullets in it.
text: She is starting to tremble.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t mean f’you to help me. You
dialog: can’t help me, don’t even try, jus’
dialog: keep tucked low here below the
dialog: crest. If I see we’re licked, PIL
dialog: drop back’n shoot you and then
dialog: shoot m’self, so that’s okay. But
dialog: if you see that I’m done for, well,
dialog: you'll have to do fer yourself...
text: He puts a finger on her forehead.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: You put it right there so’s ya
dialog: cain’t miss.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: No no—
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: This is business Miss Longabaugh.
dialog: They ketch you well it won’t be so
dialog: good. After they... take off ever
dialog: stitch a yer clothes n’have their
dialog: way with ye they’ll stretch you out
text: with a rawhide to each of yer
dialog: arms’n legs. Then they'll drive a
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: stake through the middle of your body
dialog: into the ground and then... do some other
dialog: things. And we can’t have that.
text: She is shaking.
dialog: Now he reassures:
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: We ain’t licked yet. But if we are,
dialog: you know what to do.
text: She vigorously nods.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: ... That first injun there, he’s
dialog: the mucky-muck’n if I shoot him
dialog: well that’s bad medicine’n I think
dialog: they'll all lose their spit’n light out.
text: He chuckles again.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: They’re a funny bunch.
text: (starts down the bill to his saddle)
dialog: Anyway, we’ll have a GOOD fight!
text: He covers, making himself comfortable behind the saddle, rifle resting on it.
text: The Indians have started to move, the center of their line easing into a canter and
text: the ends moving toward the middle to fall into line behind: a ragged charge of a two-
text: abreast column.
dialog: Mr. Arthur projects:
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: They'll start makin noise now,
dialog: sposed to skeer us but it won’t
dialog: bother us none will it Miss?
text: She returns a rather tremulous—
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: No, Mr. Arthur.
text: —as the whooping starts.
dialog: 91.
text: Crack!—the first rifle shot from one of the Indians. A couple more. Mr. Arthur is
text: sighting but not firing.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: Well that’s a waste a bullets.
text: More gunfire from the Indians as the column starts to split, each side peeling off but
text: still advancing.
text: We now hear the whistle of bullets going by close. Divots spring out of the earth near
text: the saddle, spraying earth.
text: Mr. Arthur does not react, but now he fires. A forward horse goes down, dumping its
dialog: rider.
text: Mr. Arthur tracks another rider as the incoming fire continues. But the horse suddenly
text: spills without his firing. He bellows:
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Dog-hole!
text: He swings to track another forward rider: the man with the headdress, the lead Indian.
text: He fires: a miss.
text: More and more incoming bullets, nearby impacts. Alice’s horse screams and rears, hit,
text: its hobbled legs awkwardly pawing air until it collapses, still screaming.
text: Mr. Arthur fires at a rider now at the forward-most part of the two advancing, peeling
text: columns. The man is hit.
text: He swings his gun to the rider on the mirroring side, fires, hits the horse. As it goes
text: down its rider leaps clear.
text: The two columns have now peeled completely and are winding back in retreat.
text: The Indian whose horse was shot is running forward though, still whooping. Mr.
text: Arthur takes leisurely aim, and fires, ending his charge.
text: The whoops of the other Indians continue but are fading, in retreat.
text: Mr. Arthur eases up from the saddle. He again takes careful aim at something:
text: The Indian struggling to his feet by the dog-holed horse, which itself is hopping
text: awkwardly, screaming.
text: Mr. Arthur fires. The Indian is hit.
text: Mr. Arthur relaxes.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, they got the lay of the land.
text: He reloads his gun, attention split between it and the Indians.
text: Their whoops have abated, but they are reforming on the ridge.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: ... This time they’ll come with a
dialog: purpose. You all right Miss?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes Mr. Arthur.
text: He goes to Alice’s whimpering horse and shoots it in the head. He goes to his own
text: horse taking out a knife, and with one slice severs its hobble. He smacks it on the rump,
text: sending it galloping off.
text: The whooping is starting again as the Indians begin their second charge. Mr. Arthur
text: walks unhurriedly back to his saddle-fort.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR
dialog: They ain’t gonna do it all day.
dialog: This’ll tell the tale.
text: This time he doesn’t bother with cover but remains standing, sighting.
text: Distant cracks of gunfire.
text: Mr. Arthur is sighting at the man in headdress. A loud crack—a miss.
text: Nearer incoming fire.
text: Mr. Arthur aims at the next man in line as the leader pulls to the side and—crack—hits
text: him, unridering the horse.
text: The Indians do not display the formation of their first charge. They are more chaotic:
text: they now seem to be everywhere, whooping.
text: Crack!—Mr. Arthur hits another Indian who has drawn almost even and then quickly
text: pans to aim at a rider passing on the other side. Crack!—he fires, and misses.
text: He rises—
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave’m to me, Miss!
text: —and fires and the Indian is shot off his horse.
text: Crack—an incoming bullet flaps Mr. Arthur’s shirt.
dialog: 93.
text: He spins and quickly sights the incoming chief. He fires and the man’s arm is hit and
text: rifle lost. Mr. Arthur quickly fires again and the man is thrown from the horse.
text: He is on the ground, not far away. Mr. Arthur advances on the struggling man and,
text: rifle at his hip, fires, hits him square in the chest.
text: He raises his rifle looking for a new target. But the Indians start to rein their horses
text: away, scattering, leaving the field. Some of them fire at nothing as they withdraw, an
text: impotent gesture.
text: Among the milling horses are three now riderless mounts jigging this way and that. Mr.
text: Arthur turns from the horses, targets a retreating Indian, and shoots him.
text: One of the loose horses is heading toward him from behind.
text: Mr. Arthur turns at the sound and lowers his rifle to appraise.
text: The horse, which looks like it will pass him wide, suddenly veers in and a rider swings
text: up from its offside and in the same motion swings an arm down with a club.
text: Mr. Arthur is caught square on the head and falls back, landing limp and motionless.
text: The rider pulls his horse up and vaults down before it has even stopped, his momentum
text: sending him toward Mr. Arthur as he pulls a knife from his belt.
text: As he reaches the inert body—Mr. Arthur’s right hand rises with a revolver and fires.
text: The Indian falls dead.
text: Mr. Arthur woozily rises. He gazes out at the field.
text: The last of the Indians are disappearing. The occasional distant gun pop.
text: Quiet returns. The only near sound is the rasping of a fallen horse tripped by a dog-
dialog: hole.
text: Mr. Arthur turns back to the crest of the hill where President Pierce jumps and yaps.
text: Near the dog is Alice, lying on her back, a bullet hole in her forehead.
text: Mr. Arthur comes up short, staring.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my.
text: He stares. He shakes his head in deep distress.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT’D)
dialog: Pore little gal. She hadn’t ought
dialog: to have did it!
text: He turns away stunned, the dog yapping at his feet.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: .. Oh my.
text: He walks woodenly away.
speaker_heading: MR. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
dialog: .. Oh my.
text: An Indian by the rasping horse is struggling to his hands and knees. Mr. Arthur shoots
text: him offhandedly as he passes.
dialog: Dissolve to:
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER RISE - DAY
text: In an endless sea of grass.
text: Mr. Arthur crests the rise on foot, the Winchester slung across his shoulder, the
text: yapping dog still following.
text: Before him, in the distance, the wagon train lumbers away. A small figure riding out
text: from the end of it to meet him, is Billy Knapp.
text: Beyond the wagon train, the rolling prairie.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
text: FADE IN on the title of the last story:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Whether or not he heard, the coachman did not slow.
dialog: 95.
dialog: The Mortal Remains
text: e hear the rumble of wheels over gravel and dirt as we dissolve to the last
dialog: 
dialog: illustration.
text: Looking steeply up the side of a stagecoach in full flight, at the coachman, framed
text: against a twilight sky. He is dressed in a greatcoat, his collar and scarf hiding his
text: face. The wind blows his scarf behind him as he cracks his whip. We pan down to the
dialog: caption:
text: Fe gave no sign that he had heard the Frenchman bellowing into the wind.
text: We hear someone humming, then singing to himself—merry but not loud: “It Makes
text: Me Love Her All the More” as we dissolve to the inside of the rattling stagecoach.
scene_heading: INT. STAGECOACH - LATE DAY
text: We are looking in turn at the occupants of the coach: a dapper Frenchman with a small
text: mustache and a neat string tie, gazing, bored, out the window. An imposing woman of
text: late middle-age, reading a small book with marbled pages and a red ribbon bookmark,
text: her lips pursed. An elderly man with unruly white hair and an ill-trimmed white walrus
text: mustache who is asleep, chin on chest, bouncing with the motion of the coach. A burly
text: man in a too-tight suit.
text: And finally the singer: a middle-aged man impeccably dressed, almost a dandy.
text: He finishes the verse with perhaps a bit too much energy: the dozing elderly man jerks
text: his head up and blinks and focuses.
text: The singer, Nelson Thigpen, has a British accent:
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Oh, I am sorry. Didn’t mean to wake
dialog: you, sir.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: (querulous)
dialog: You did not wake me!
text: He works his mouth, wets his lips, swallows.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER (CONT’D)
dialog: .. For I was not asleep.
dialog: Thigpen humors him:
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Oh, not asleep, I see.
text: He looks smilingly at the other occupants, and winks at the starchy lady. But she will
text: not be enlisted in derision: she looks dryly back to her book.
text: Thigpen’s cheer is undimmed.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN (CONT’D)
dialog: .. Well I apologize for disturbing
dialog: anyone else. If I did.
text: He looks around to no reaction. The invitation to conversation is not taken up, but the
text: trapper, who has been looking out the window, now wonders aloud:
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: How much to go d’you reckon?
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Oh nota great distance, not great
dialog: at all, we’re making good time. You
dialog: haven’t been to Fort Morgan before,
dialog: T take it.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Me? No. You?
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Oh yes many times, many times.
text: Ferrying cargo.
text: A glance upward indicates the unseen cargo on the coach’s roof. The trapper follows
dialog: the glance.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Him’s yourn?
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: As much as he’s anyone’s, isn’t he,
dialog: Clarence.
text: The burly man nods.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: A loved one?
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: (wisele)
dialog: By somebody, perhaps!
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: You did not know heem?
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: (wise)
dialog: We knew him only at the end.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (confirming smile, gazing
dialog: out the window)
text: At the very end.
text: A beat of silence. Bouncing springs.
text: A sudden loud eruption:
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: No!
text: (all turn to look at him;
text: he licks his lips)
dialog: T have not been to Fort Morgan. I
dialog: know little of cities. I am a trapper,
dialog: living mostly alone these last years.
dialog: But I would descend into town,
dialog: ever so often, with my pelts. Sell ‘em.
dialog: And talk, keep m’hand in. Talk.
dialog: You have got to keep your hand in,
dialog: talkin. Even if you live in the wild.
text: A moue of agreement from the Frenchman.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Ees true. Practice.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: In town I would talk to them was
dialog: innnarested. Saloon mostly, till I
dialog: was asked to take m”bidness
dialog: elsewhere. What sense does that
dialog: make, there was only the one
dialog: saloon! The keeper called me
dialog: tedious. Tedious? Me?
dialog: (spits the word:)
dialog: Townsmen. Why, if tidings from
dialog: the greater world are tedious, if the
text: greater world, not trammeled by... by...
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: a)
dialog: ... human—
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: (plowing on, unmindful)
dialog: I would descend from the mountains,
dialog: not having talked for many months,
dialog: with much to tell. Much to tell,
dialog: having stored considerable. Though
dialog: for many years I was not alone in
dialog: the wild, I did have a consort, a
dialog: stout woman of the Hunkpapa Sioux,
dialog: we had a companionship of sorts but
text: there is a lady present. A life
dialog: together marked by the passing of
dialog: the seasons and the corresponding
dialog: travels of game. In the latter she
dialog: took little interest—wal, her
dialog: duties was domestic, I would track
dialog: and trap and she would tarry
dialog: hearthside. We did not talk: she
dialog: did not have English and I am not
text: schooled in the gibberings of the
dialog: nations.
dialog: Wal I say we did not talk but we
dialog: sometimes would, each in our own
text: tongue, often at length, without
dialog: benefit of understanding the other.
text: But the sound of a human voice is a
dialog: comfort when you’re cabined up in
dialog: the woods’n all’d otherwise be but
text: the murmur a wind and the plop a
dialog: snow from an overloaded branch. I
dialog: say not understanding each other
dialog: but twarn’t entirely so, I could
dialog: often read by means of the tenor of
dialog: her speech and certain facial
dialog: expressions the emotional import a
dialog: what she was sayin and she was
dialog: often vexed with me, I seldom knew
dialog: why. And then she moved on.
dialog: 99.
text: Silence. The passengers in the rattling coach absorb the story.
text: An afterthought, loudly directed at the lady who is looking at him with a distaste to
text: which he is oblivious:
speaker_heading: TRAPPER (CONT’D)
dialog: There was no issue.
text: Another beat. And then, warmly sympathetic, in an Irish lilt:
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Did you love her?
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Oh I don’t know I never even knew
dialog: her name but I will say this: the
dialog: nature of them vocal intonations
dialog: and the play of feelin upon her
dialog: face helped me to gather that
text: people are like ferrets. Or beaver.
dialog: One pretty much like the next. Yup
dialog: all alike I don’t doubt it’s the
dialog: same even if you travel to Siam.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: People are not the same. There are
text: two kinds, utterly distinct.
text: Thigpen steps in as moderator:
dialog: P.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: What would those be, madam, the two
dialog: kinds?
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Lucky and unlucky.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No, hale’n frail. Difficult to
text: knock to the floor, or wilting.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Those are not the two kinds. You
dialog: well know the two kinds.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: One kind, ain’t two kinds!—less
dialog: you mean trapper’n townsman.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Upright and sinning. Don’t be a fool.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Fool! Yes, I know, tedious fool,
dialog: you are not the first to lodge that
dialog: complaint—without grounds. I
dialog: challenge you for yer credentials
dialog: madam, fer assessin human worth.
dialog: People’re like ferrets.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: People are not like ferrets, and I
dialog: speak not on my own authority but
dialog: on that of the holy bible.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Wal the bible, people read it
dialog: diffurnt-—
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Yes—rightly or wrongly. And here I
dialog: speak with high authority. My
dialog: husband, Dr. Betjeman, was an
dialog: expert, a lecturer at the
dialog: Chattauqua on moral and spiritual
dialog: hygiene, now retired. I have the
dialog: benefit of his insights.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Moral hygiene.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: His lectures were spectacularly
dialog: attended. He was—he is—considered
dialog: an expert on spiritual betterment.
dialog: (¢o trapper)
text: Jacob’s ladder. Betterment.
dialog: But I don’t suppose you have ever
dialog: been much occupied with the
dialog: betterment of your soul.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Well, I am not an enemy of
dialog: betterment.
text: (a beat as he gums)
dialog: But I am kept very busy with m’traps.
dialog: 101.
text: The lady gives a mirthless hoot.
text: A rattling silence.
dialog: At length:
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Your husband isn’t with you.
text: The lady is prey to sadness.
text: The Frenchman sks.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: We have been separated for some
dialog: time. He has been... East. Illness
dialog: has kept him but now we shall
dialog: reunite. It will be a great joy.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: He awaits you in Fort Morgan.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Yes. I have been living with my
dialog: daughter and son-in-law these last
dialog: three years.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: The parent should not burden the
dialog: child’s household. This was wrong
dialog: of you.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: I was not a burden! I was welcome
dialog: in my daughter’s house!
text: Her imperiousness belies her own claim, and the Frenchman meets it with a skeptical
text: smile and tilt of his head.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: She would say so, of course. But no
dialog: doubt you could read in her facial
dialog: expressions, as pointed out by the
dialog: tedious man, that your presence was
dialog: not wanted. We each have a life.
dialog: Each a life, only our own.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: You know nothing about me, or my
dialog: domestic affairs!
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: I know that we must each spin our
dialog: wheel, play our own hand. I was once
text: at cards with a man named Cipolski—
dialog: this was very many years ago—
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: He a Polack?
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: He was Polonaise, yes. And we were-
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: I knew a Polack.
text: The barking interruption nettles the Frenchman. He glares at the trapper, awaiting the
text: tiresome story to come, but gathers from the ensuing silence that that was the whole of
text: the trapper’s digression.
text: The Frenchman draws new breath.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: We were at cards. My hand was poor;
dialog: I folded. Cipolski and four others
dialog: remain, but Cipolski says to me, I
dialog: am in distress, René, you play for
dialog: me while I perform mes
dialog: necessités—my necessaries. I say,
dialog: friend, I cannot wager for you. But
dialog: of course you can, he says, we know
dialog: each other well—wager as I would
dialog: do. But this is quite impossible,
dialog: no? How a man wagers, it is decided
dialog: by who he is, by the entirety of
dialog: his experience of poker up until
dialog: the moment of that bet. I cannot
dialog: bet for you. Pourguoi pas? I cannot
dialog: know you. Not to this degree. We
dialog: must each play our own hand. No,
dialog: Cipolski, I say. We may call each
dialog: other friends, but we cannot know
dialog: each other so.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: You can know’m. People are like
text: ferrets.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: (explosive)
dialog: People are not like ferrets!
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: You misunderstand, son vieux. We
dialog: can know each other—to a certain
dialog: level. But to know
text: entirely —smpossible. Poker is
dialog: interesting because? Because I do
dialog: not know your hand, yes. But also
dialog: because—I do not know you. I see
dialog: what you wager; what does it mean?
dialog: (a shrug)
dialog: Ican guess—I cannot know. Or
dialog: there is no poker.
dialog: 
text: He leans back smiling, case closed.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Poker is a gambling game. You have
dialog: pursued a life of vice and
dialog: dissipation—and you are no doubt
dialog: expert in such pursuits. But no
dialog: conclusions drawn from such a life,
dialog: will apply to a life rightly lived.
text: Another shrug and smile from the airily superior Frenchman.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Life is life. Cards will teach you
dialog: what you need to know. You speak of
dialog: your life, with your husband who
dialog: awaits. You fly to him in certainty
dialog: that he loves you as he did three
dialog: years ago. Well, three years. There
dialog: was a flame. You do not know that
dialog: there is.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: (heated)
dialog: Among decent people relations may
dialog: be eternal. Decent people stay
dialog: true—to others, to themselves.
text: The Frenchman shakes his head, ¢sting.
dialog: 103.
text: The Frenchman smiles.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Life is change. And all is
dialog: unknowable. Even my own life: I
dialog: wager knowing my hand now, not my
dialog: final hand.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Unknowable! But yer talkin like you
dialog: know more’n the goddamn almanac!
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Tam French.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: You are a presumptuous man! You
dialog: tell me my daughter doesn’t love
dialog: me, that my husband no longer
dialog: does—
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Ifhe ever did! No offense, Madame,
dialog: my point is that we never know to
dialog: the deepest level, and the word
dialog: “love” can have different meanings.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Hold on there, Mister Almanac—
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: I know what “love” means! One
dialog: thing! You—
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Your husband was an educator; a
dialog: lecturer; would you say a man of
dialog: charisma?
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: He was! He is!
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: Bon, “love” would mean something
dialog: different to such a person, who
dialog: commands the love of a crowd, than
dialog: it would to a person who can only
dialog: coax love, through subservience.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: I did not COAX love from Dr.
dialog: Betjeman! I am nota WHEEDLER.
dialog: My husband’s love was freely given!
dialog: And endures!
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: His love is different from yours, it’s
dialog: all I say. The person widely admired
text: accepts love as a tribute. It is his due.
text: He confers his own love as an honor,
dialog: for, coming from him, it must have
dialog: great worth. But you, Madame, would
dialog: not receive that gift, eh, splendidly,
dialog: as one who has no need, but would
text: grasp at it as a beggar.
text: The lady stares at him aghast.
text: The trapper, looking from her to the Frenchman, fills the silence:
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Ain’t no call for that kind of
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: How DARE you-
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: And of course the great man, the
dialog: admired man, might well accept
dialog: other loves, simply as his due,
dialog: from some of those who admire him.
dialog: Why not, if the admirer is comely.
dialog: It is love of a different kind than
dialog: the domestic of course, but in
dialog: France we s-AHH!
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: YOU! FILTHY!
text: She is batting at him with her furled umbrella. As he parries blows:
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Please! Madame!
speaker_heading: LADY
text: YOU! DEPRAVED—GAARGGH!
dialog: 106.
text: Her frenzy—face white, eyes unblinking, body rigid except for the arm striking out
text: with the umbrella—has turned into something else: her eyes now roll back and she
text: abruptly drops the umbrella to hook a finger in her high collar as she gasps for breath.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: You given her a fit, Frenchie!
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Oh dear!
text: The lady twists in her seat, gasping. The trapper takes off his hat and fans her with it.
text: Clarence, the burly man, takes her free hand in both of his, patting on it.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: There there, miss, that’s all right, then...
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: We—we must stop the coach! Let her
dialog: walk, move the limbs!
text: Thigpen shakes his head. The information is offhand:
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
text: Coachman won’t stop.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: He must stop! We are the passengers!
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
text: Coachman won’t stop.
text: The Frenchman looks at him in brief puzzlement, then sticks his head out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. COACH
text: Steep down on the Frenchman looking up, wind in his face.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Coachman! I say, coachman!
text: His steep point-of-view up: the man driving, framed against a dramatic sky of dark but
text: delineated clouds. The coachman’s face is not much visible from our steep angle. We
text: see his coat flowing in the wind; we see his leather gloves, flaired to cover the wrists, as
text: he raises a whip and snaps it forward through sky; we see his pulled-low hat with broad
text: brim; we see a flash of full walrus mustache.
text: The Frenchman yells over the wind:
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: .. We must stop! Coachman! A
dialog: passenger is discommoded!
dialog: 107.
text: The coachman presents the same windswept picture, driving the team forward, not
text: hearing, or perhaps not listening.
text: The Frenchman pulls his head back inside.
scene_heading: INT. COACH
text: The Frenchman looks around, dazed.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: He will not stop.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: He never stops. Policy.
text: The lady is somewhat recovered, now limp rather than writhing.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That’s all right, miss...
text: The trapper continues to fan her with his hat as he addresses Thigpen:
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Don’t stop? What if we had to
dialog: perform necessaries?
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Have you had to?
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: No—
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: Please...
text: All look to her. Her head is lolled back but she is looking at the trapper:
speaker_heading: LADY (GONT’D)
dialog: ... Stop doing that.
text: This arrests the fanning of his hat. The trapper holds it frozen for a beat, abashed, then
text: puts it back on.
text: Rattling silence.
text: Then, singing:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: As I was a walking down by the loch
dialog: As I was walking one morning of late
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: Who did I spy but my own dear comrade
text: Wrapped up in flannel, so hard was his fate.
text: The lady slowly emerges from her distress to look in wonder at the singer: Clarence.
dialog: His rough look would not have led us to expect this beautiful tenor voice.
text: The old Irish air he sings is the ancestor—and has the familiar melody—of “The
dialog: Streets of Laredo.”
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: I boldly stepped up to and kindly did ask him
text: Why was he wrapped in flannel so white?
dialog: My body is injured and sadly disordered
dialog: All by a young woman, my own heart’s delight.
text: The other passengers, like the lady, are taken out of themselves. They slowly turn to
text: the source of the song as sunflowers toward the sun, struck, haunted.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Get six jolly fellows to carry my coffin
dialog: And six pretty maidens to bear up my pall
dialog: And give to each of them bunches of roses
dialog: That they may not smell me as they go along—
text: Hooting sobs.
dialog: All turn to look:
text: Thigpen is weeping into a handkerchief.
text: He waves their looks away:
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: I’m sorry... I do apologize. He
dialog: sings it every trip, and it always
dialog: does this to me.
text: He loudly blows his nose, then stuffs the handkerchief into his breast pocket.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN (CONT’D)
dialog: .. You’d think, with the business
dialog: we’re in, I wouldn’t be so—so...
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: What is your business?
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: T like to say that we’re...
dialog: reapers. Isn’t that right,
dialog: Clarence?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (affirmative musing)
dialog: ... Harvesters of souls.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: We help people—who have been
text: adjudged to be, ripe.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Whatsat mean?
text: A beat, Thigpen struggling.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: ... Well... some would call us—Oh,
dialog: it’s an ugly word-
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Yer bounty hunters!
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Literal man! Cruel man! Yes, fine,
text: “bounty hunters,” an ugly title, as
dialog: ifemolument were the point. It’s
dialog: an honest calling—is the cobbler
dialog: not paid for his shoes? I don’t
dialog: apologize for it, and neither does
dialog: Clarence.
dialog: 
text: Clarence half-nods to confirm, half-shakes to decline to apologize.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: So him on the roof, he was wanted?
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Mr. Thorpe was very much wanted,
dialog: judging by what they’re paying for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: What'd he do?
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Oh I don’t know, does it matter?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Rattling silence.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Just as you said, Madame, there are
dialog: two kinds of persons. In our
dialog: business they are: dead, or alive.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: That’s what they say.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: But for us it’s a distinction
dialog: without a difference.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Paid either way.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: So you will take zem alive?
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: T didn’t say that.
text: It is punctured by one of the trapper’s eruptions:
text: Clarence is chuckling.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: I don’t either! Take ‘em alive.
dialog: Course, not exactly the same
dialog: business. And I work alone.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Oh yes, we’re a duo. A tandem. A
dialog: team. They’re so easily taken when
dialog: they’re distracted, people are. So
dialog: I’m the distractor, with a little
dialog: story, a little conversation, a
text: song, a sparkle!—and Clarence does
text: the thumping, while their attention
dialog: is on me.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: He’s very good, that one. You
dialog: should see him.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: No, he’s good.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (modest)
dialog: Ican thump.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Mr. Thorpe up there. A typical
dialog: case. I told him the story of the
dialog: Midnight Caller.
text: Three loud raps, widely spaced: Thigpen, banging a heel against the seat. He looks
text: around, eyes wide.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN (CONT’D)
dialog: Someone is outside! Knocking! Oh
dialog: who can it be! Don’t open it,
dialog: Mother—what living thing would be
dialog: out in such a storm!
dialog: (omiles it away)
dialog: You know the story, but people
dialog: can’t get enough of them, the
dialog: familiar stories, like little
dialog: children. Because they connect the
dialog: stories to themselves, I suppose,
dialog: and we all love hearing about
dialog: ourselves, over and over. So long
dialog: as the people in the story are—us,
dialog: but not us. Not us at the end,
dialog: especially—the Midnight Caller
dialog: gets him, never me... I’ll live
dialog: forever...
text: His reflective look has drifted to the window. Now his attention returns to his audience,
dialog: brightly:
speaker_heading: THIGPEN (CONT’D)
dialog: ... So I tell the stories. And
text: Clarence thumps.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: He’s very good.
text: Latening day: it has grown darker in the coach. Everyone drifts away from Thigpen
text: to think their thoughts—but they are brought back to him when he suddenly speaks to
dialog: himself, having been working on something:
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: I must say it’s always interesting
text: watching them after Clarence has
dialog: worked his art. Watching them
dialog: negotiate the... passage.
text: All eyes are on him.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: ... Pah-sahge?
text: Thigpen looks at the Frenchman.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: To the other side, here to there.
dialog: ‘Trying to make sense of it as they
dialog: pass to that other place. I do like
text: looking into their eyes as they try
dialog: to make sense of it, I do, I do.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
text: ... as they try to make sense of what?
text: After a beat:
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: All of it.
dialog: More silence.
text: The lady is hesitant to ask, perhaps fearing a negative answer:
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: And... do they ever... succeed?
text: Thigpen looks at her gravely, considering. He looks at the others, who are looking at
text: him, then returns to the lady and smiles.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: How would I know? I’m only
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: VOICE FROM OUTSIDE
dialog: Hyah, whoa!
scene_heading: INT. COACH/FORT MORGAN - DUSK
text: It is the coachman stopping the team, as we see from the inertia of the bodies in the
text: braking coach.
dialog: 113.
text: Thigpen looks out.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Well—Fort Morgan. I presume we’re
dialog: all at the hotel? Including Mr.
text: Thorpe—too late to drop him with
dialog: the sheriff!
text: The window shows that we have stopped square to a hotel. It is dusk outside, but a
text: cloudy dusk that paints the exterior all in shades of gray.
text: Dead quiet. No people outside, no movement. The only color in view—and the only
text: motion—is the flickering yellow flame in the gas lights on either side of the hotel’s
dialog: door.
text: The three passengers looking out show no particular eagerness to disembark. Thigpen
text: is all cheery business, however, and climbs down, followed by Clarence.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN (CONT’D)
dialog: ... I suppose Mr. Thorpe will be
dialog: staying in your room, Clarence.
dialog: Don’t fancy having him in mine!
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Whatever you say, guv.
text: The coach shifts with the weight of the coachman who is working up top. We hear
text: ropes being loosed.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Or we could sit him in the parlor,
dialog: a little surprise for the guests in
dialog: the morning!
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Give him a newspaper, sir! Anda
dialog: glass of port!
text: Through the window we see Thigpen and Clarence looking up, waiting to receive the
text: body off the roof. We hear friction noises, and a canvas shrouded-figure is eased down
text: towards them feet-first, feet grabbed by Thigpen.
text: The attempted hand-off of upper body to Clarence is fumbled, Clarence losing his grip
text: and the body thudding to the ground out of sight.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Clumsy fool!
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Sorry guv.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: Don’t apologize to me! It’s Mr.
dialog: Thorpe, isn’t it!
text: They bend out of sight and then straighten with the body.
text: The coach rocks as the coachman descends.
text: Thigpen and Clarence, with the body, lumber into the depth, toward the hotel. In the
text: still air their footfalls raise poofs of pale dust which do not dissipate.
text: The coachman overtakes them and takes the two steps up to the boardwalk fronting the
text: hotel. Thigpen and Clarence’s voices are becoming faint and thin, but remain perfectly
text: audible in the dead air:
speaker_heading: THIGPEN (CONT’D)
dialog: All joking aside, your room, I
dialog: think, Clarence.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Ifyou say so, sir.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: No worries about him snoring!
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I’m not worried, sir.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: (affectionate)
dialog: You never worry. One of your
dialog: virtues.
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: T’anks very much.
text: The passengers are watching. No one yet moves to get out.
text: A creak of the hotel door opening, the coachman holding it for the two body-bearers.
text: He follows them in and closes the door behind. Nothing of the interior has been
dialog: revealed.
text: We have stayed with the passengers and in their perspective. Now, with nothing to look
text: at, they look uneasily among themselves.
text: The trapper, by the coach door on the hotel side, gestures the Frenchman toward it.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Go on ahead.
text: The Frenchman runs his tongue over his lips.
speaker_heading: FRENCHMAN
dialog: Apres vous.
text: The trapper casts about. To the lady:
speaker_heading: TRAPPER
dialog: Ladies first.
text: She is no more inclined than he. She comes up with:
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: .. I must be helped down.
text: The trapper clears his throat, reaches for the door, pauses, then finds his resolve and
text: pushes it open and steps gingerly down.
text: He turns back and extends a hand up to the lady. She cannot but descend. And then
text: there is nothing for the Frenchman to do but follow.
text: The three head single file—lady leading, trapper second, Frenchman third—toward
text: the hotel. Outside, their faces—now that they are no longer in the warm-wooded cabin
text: of the stagecoach—are somewhat pale.
text: The hotel’s front door creaks open, the coachman emerges. He stomps toward them,
text: and then past them, all coat and gloves and boots—hardly any face visible, just a glint
text: of eyes between the low hatbrim and the great mustache.
text: The three passengers ascend to the boardwalk. The lady draws up before the hotel’s
text: front door but doesn’t reach for it.
text: An uneasy beat as we hear the coachman, off, clambering back up onto the coach.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: LADY (CONT’D)
dialog: Will someone open the door for a
dialog: lady? My husband is waiting.
scene_heading: INT. FORT MORGAN HOTEL
text: The trapper opens it.
dialog: 116.
text: Visible past the three, the hotel interior. Its light lies in warm, weak pools. Lamps
text: in the parlor give a feel of the heavy Victorian furniture within each’s feeble reach.
text: Though each light is low, they seem to have great depth: the building goes way back.
text: There is a staircase to the right with a burgundy runner. It too is far from bright. But
text: we can see Thigpen and Clarence awkwardly climbing, the canvas body between them.
speaker_heading: THIGPEN
dialog: . and... step and... step and...
dialog: step and...
text: The trapper follows the lady in, and the Frenchman is about to enter also—but his
text: look is drawn by a whipcrack.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hyah!
text: We hold on the Frenchman looking out at the street and thus we do not see, but only
text: hear, the stagecoach turning. The Frenchman’s eyes track it as it clatters off, back the
text: way it came, with the jingle of tack and the cries of the coachman and the pounding of
text: hooves.
text: The sound fades.
text: The Frenchman, trying to maintain his lofty insouciance—and, to some degree,
text: succeeding—turns, enters the hotel, and closes the door behind.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
dialog: 
